Great food! Seasoned really well, incredibly nice and courteous staff. We actually brought our 2 year old and they were extremely accommodating bringing water in a sippy cup without being asked, never once huffing and puffing about a child being in the restaurant.   The food was delicious. Our party of 3 mixed and matched. The Adana kabob was my favorite. We also used a groupon with no problems and no effect on service, smiles every time the waiter came to our table.  I feel bad that others didn't have the same experience but we loved it. Definitely going here again.We found Divan because the restaurant we wanted to go to was not taking walk-in diners.  We had a white bean salad and tomato cuke salad to start, both light, with nice fresh veggies and delicate flavors.  I had a lamb stuffed eggplant which was wonderful and Mr W had a whole fish, grilled to perfection.
The waiter was solemn but friendly and answered all of our questions.  Price was reasonable, I think the total was around $60.  There is outdoor seating, but it's right on the road, with nothing to separate the tables from pedestrians. We sat inside, but at one point, there were four loud people hanging out in the street just feet away from the diners. I suggest sticking with inside. As others have commented, it was strangely and inexplicably empty.  If you like real food that's made to order, not pulled out of a pre-packaged, sealed plastic bag, then you'll like Divan.The food is awesome and the service is even better! I had a great experience at Divan. I ordered an eggplant dish and absolutely loved it. The hummus was top notch. My waiter was really attentive and really made sure we were taken care of. I can't wait to go back and try something new. Such a great little gem in Philly, if you ever end up on South street and want something different check out Divans!GREAT FOOD... GREAT SERVICE THANKS EDDIE!!! You are the best... DEFINATELY a place to return. We went for first time with a groupon offer but really prices with out groupon are very reasonable and the FLAVORS AND QUALITY OF THE FOOD are amazing!. THE BEST FALAFEL I had try in Philly so far.... The lamb and the chicken delicious and the Baklava is better than the one in Fulya.  I have a Turkish inside me lol... Fulya for breakfast and brunch and now Divan for diner and all stay in the family...
I already sent my evaluation and comments to Zagat...  Will be back soon and hope that Mr. Eddie will be our host again... 
Thx, Wallington n FernandoVey good Middle Eastern food with heavy Turkish influence. Inexpensive, tasty and pleasant surroundings.Spent my Christmas here with two friends and i can say that I dont think i will be back. 
Arrived to a near empty restaurant ( one other table other than us) and the staff. This place is a BYOB so come ready to pop bottles ( at least thats what we did) We started out with some complimentary pita bread that was awesome along side some flavorful dipping oil this was the highlight of the meal for me. For App we shared the cold app starter which is a combo of baba ganoush , hummus, a few olives and veggies this is more than enough for 3 people and i had to stop myself from eating it to save room for dinner. The dips were good but they didnt give us any bread and when we asked for some we got the stink eye from our server ( not cool especially on Christmas.When our requested bread finally came out it was 2 pieces so we had to end up asking for more and received another not so pleasant look.Only two of us ordered entrees I can only comment on mine and it was ok. I ordered the sea bass ( head on) it was cooked properly but the accompaniments were way off. 
We decided to skip dessert and get a Hooka instead. They offer a variety of hooka flavors and the friend that i shared it with is a hook-ologist and advised that the price was spot on and so was the tobacco. Again I prob wont rush back there are at least 4 Turkish/ Mediterranean restos within walking distance to my casa.This is NOT a good restaurant !  Keep away !  Please read my detailed comments, below, for why this restaurant was a waste of money and time, even with a Groupon.
The two appetizers were OK, but the two entrees were not.  In particular, the seafood casserole was served swimming in grease or oil, and the filet of trout was not properly fileted.
Also, the prices of the entrees was quite a bit higher than those of their six competitors serving Turkish/Greek/Middle Eastern food within a 0.5 mile radius, and the service was terrible, specifically:
When I pointed out that the fillet was not completely fileted (and still had a bunch of bones), the best that the staff could do was to say "sorry."  Not one word about fixing the problem (e.g. by taking the fish back into the kitchen to complete the fillet process, or by offering me a substitute entree).  
AND, at the end of the meal, the arrogance of the staff was such that the BAD service notwithstanding, they added an 18% tip to the bill, even though neither their menu, nor the Groupon, said anything about an obligatory 18% tip.
So, why would anyone want to eat there?  I can't wait until this restaurant goes out of business!  Good riddance to Divan !I bought a groupon for this restaurant on the fly as I was leaving work.  When I came home I read the reviews stating that they charged $2 and an 18% gratuity for anyone using a groupon.  This is mentioned nowhere on groupon or their website (which seems to be consistently down).
So, I thought I would go ahead and call to find out if that was indeed true.  "Hello, I just purchased a groupon for your restaurant, but I read a couple of reviews on yelp stating that you charge folks $2 and an 18% gratuity just for using a groupon?"  "It is for taxes," says the woman on the line, "It is the same for everyone."  "That wasn't my question," I said.  "So it's true then?"  "Yes."  "I'll have to cancel that one, then.   Thanks."
I promptly called groupon support and cancelled that groupon.  Don't let this place get away with that swindle.Pleasantly surprised.  Cute byo, helpful staff. Zucchini pancake appetizer was almost perfect, just needed to be more cooked in the middle. Stuffed cabbage, filled with meat and rice, was very flavorful. Even the rice was great. I think I'll be back.I had bought a groupon, and let it expire, then i bought a restaurant.com gift certificate and finally made it out to Divian!  I was a bit worried judging by some of the reviews I read.  It sounded like the service, the food, and the place in general was hit or miss.  I guess I should consider us lucky to have gotten there for a 'hit' day.  We were initially taken by how quiet the place is!  Not a lot of people at all!  It's a BYO, so we brought a few beers and were able to enjoy them at our table.  They brought us out some bread and olive oil which was a bit bland... but i'd imagine it'd be good if you were ravenous.  For our an appetizer, we ordered the hummus, and the spinach and cheese pastry.  The hummus was delicious.  We were given more of the same bread to dip in it.  The spinach and cheese pastry looked like little taquitos.  They were pretty good, but not what I was expecting.  I don't think I'd go for these again.  I was thinking that they'd be more like little spanikopita.  For my entree I was thrilled to have OPTIONS of things I would really look forward to eating, which as a vegetarian, happens rather seldomly.  I went for the zucchini pancake which was delicious.  I've never had anything like this before, so i can't say it was the best or the worst... as I have nothing to compare it to... but it was awesome!!!  Kind of like egg fo yung?  The flavors were amazing though- a hint of curry perhaps?  Tumeric?  Very middle-eastern flavors.  My boyfriend went for the mousaka.  He's had mousaka before and said that this wasn't particularly memorable... but it was decent... solid...
Everyone said they've had issues using groupons at Divian.  They took my restaurant.com gift certificate with no problem... and they allowed me to use the cash value i paid with the groupon (since the promo value expired).  
All in all, it was a decent meal... that you could have at lots of similar restaurants around the city.  The service was great, the food was good, and the costs without a groupon would have been a tad high... but fair given the location right off South Street.  I won't be running back, but it was a positive experience!SO this place is pretty much the best, awesome atmosphere awesome service and delicious food. IGNORE the yelp hate. these fools wouldnt know delicious turkish food if it was served on an ottoman... good joke, but seriously eat here.I used to love this place when it was up on 22nd & Christian (not a great place to walk to from center city) and was sad when it disappeared.  I very happily just realized that it moved to 6th & South!  Good food, nice portions, casual comfortable atmosphere, pleasant staff, good service, reasonable prices.  We had grape leaves and spinach-cheese rolls for appetizers, and stuffed cabbage and chicken kebabs for entrees.  All were excellent.  There are many Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurants with similar price range and decent quality here in Philly - this one is particularly good, with some of the same types of items (kebabs, grape leaves, etc) but also many different and interesting things. For a good meal of hearty tasty food with a Mediterranean / Turkish flavor and excellent value, I recommend it highly.Came here for a groupon, and would definitely go back!
Spacious and well-decorated (some ostensibly Turkish decorations, without being over the top), the dining room was inviting.  On a Tuesday night, there was just one waiter staffing the dining room, which though not full, had a fair number of occupied tables.  He managed to work the room efficiently and in a friendly manner, while an older man I'd assume is an owner occasionally helped with water refills, etc.
Apps: spicy minced peppers served cold with bread: tasty and not overly hot for those who can't stand too much heat.  Feta cheese "cigars" served with tzaziki type sauce: absolutely delicious, you should definitely get these!  The herbs (at least parsley, I think) really add to the flavor and the sauce was great as well.
Main: we shared the Yogurtlu Adana, which was another big winner.  It's adana kebab served over pita bread with a tomato sauce and topped with yogurt.  The adana was so flavorful and had a nice char on the outside, and the sauce was also delicious.  Definitely recommended if you want to try something other than the usual plain old kebabs.
Dessert: couldn't resist it!  We each had a delicious Turkish coffee (best with no sugar, I think) with kazadibi, a custardy type dessert that is browned on one side.
I'd happily come again to serve my next Turkish food craving.Wonderful service. Delicious food! My boyfriend and I both had fish entrees and they were cooked perfectly! They only come with a salad so we also had the falafel appetizer and red hot pepper cold appetizer. Both were great! We used a restaurant.com gift certificate and the place is a BYOB. Awesome food, great deal, and wonderful service. I couldn't have been happier! They also gave my boyfriend a special treat for his birthday dessert. I can't wait to go back.How a 4 star turns into 1.
Since this place opened it had much going for it, then one, just one dining experience ruined it. This is not the typical waiter was rude, food was undercooked review.
We have been here 4 times, and it had become our once a month regular feast to look forward too. BYOB, good size portions, friendly staff, yummie food.
However this all changed on our last visit. We went on a empty restaurant Tuesday night. Ordered a Lamb and a Chicken Doner. 
We were served pan fried meat. Meat chopped into little pieces and fried. Something I could do at home. The food looked and tasted nothing like the 4 previous Doner orders.
I asked the waiter if this came off the shawarma spit and he assured me it did. We ate some more food, not convinced. Half way through the meal I asked again if it came from the rotating spit, and we were told that we had 'Turkish Style' Doners. 
I've had many (many) Greek Gyros & Turkish Doners in many local and foreign restaurants. The meat wasn't minced, nor was it off a spit.
We left it at that and left disappointed. We won't be back.I cannot rave about the food and service enough.
It's BYOB with no corking fee, but I'm pretty sure I saw a bar in the back. 
For the appetizer we split the spicy minced peppers, which is a cold dip and was a delicious way to start our meal. 
For the entree we got the falafel plate and the chicken chops. The entrees came with either a soup or salad. We got the red lentil soup which was slightly spicy and went well with the meal. 
The price is very reasonable, a good inexpensive date night spot.
The atmosphere was very relaxed, and we sat there for a few hours eating and drinking our wine. Divan is an amazing restaurant, definitely a place to come back to.Food is really delicious. We have enjoyed their food three times; always through delivery (diningin.com). The first time, everything was perfect. We had the lamb cacerole, the grape leaves, falafel, and other dishes. Service was punctual. Our second time, food was still delicious, but it arrived 15 minutes late. However, our third time was disappointing. Food arrived 35 minutes late. The falafel was cold and they did not include pilaf rice, like they did the previous times. I still highly recommend the food. But it would probably be a better option to dine at the restaurant, instead of relying on delivery.Thanks "Yelpers" for the tips about the Groupon coupon issues.  I just purchased a '$15 for $30' and will be interested to see if I get the same treatment upon my visit.  I will keep an eye out for the 'extra' Groupon tax.  We cannot let these guys get away with this!!!We came on a Saturday night. It was moderately busy at best. The service was absolutely terrible. First, it took 15 minutes to get a menu. When we ordered food we both had salad to start. It was a disgrace. A few pieces of iceberg lettuce and raw onions. The table next to us also had salad to start. They had nice red/green leaf lettuce. It looked like a real salad. The entrees came in good time. My wife had the chicken doner. It had decent flavor but was quite dry. I had the chicken shish / doner combo. The lamb was dry and lacked any flavor. The chicken shish was good. The tatziki was good. Water glasses were not filled. No attention following the arrival of the entrees. The poor service is what will keep me from going back. The food was also the worst Turkish I've had outside of Europe. Certainly would not recommend this place.My boyfriend and I had dinner here a few weeks back. We used a Living Social. I don't know why so many others had problems but they accepted ours with no shadiness. 
I ordered the vegetarian casserole and my boyfriend got the salmon and rice. The casserole was good but VERY greasy. My entree came with a salad. They brought out a horrible iceberg lettuce and tomato salad, but I was able to swap it for a mixed green salad that was pretty delicious. My boyfriend liked his salmon but found it a bit dry.  The rice was excellent and perfectly cooked. 
The service was great and our waiter was very attentive. I would come here again but next time I'll try the falafel or zucchini
 pancake.Cute and affordable BYO with vegetarian options.  Healthy dining options and friendly service.  Great for a group or date.Great experience at Divan.  I bought a restaurant.com certificate and had no problems using it and I was not charged extra for using it.  I liked the overall feel of the place, it was very nice and is well decorated.  
I thought the food and service was great. We shared the the Mixed kabob plate, it was perfect for us to share after having an appetizer.  I will definitely go back.Divan is an excellent restaurant! A few of my girlfriends and I went there last Sunday afternoon sitting outside, enjoying the beautiful weather while having amazing food, desserts and hookah.
I have never been to a restaurant where the customer service is so incredible. The staff is helpful, quick and attentive. They are very friendly.
The menu is reasonably priced so you won't break the bank going on a date or just hanging out with friends. The decor is beautiful and welcoming. There are so many authentic Turkish pieces in there. It makes you feel as though you took a trip there. 
Lastly, and my favorite..It's BYOB. Unlike a lot of places, they don't charge a cork fee.
This place is a must!We asked for delivery. The food was awesome. We got the falafe, lamb casserole (delicious), grape leaves, and the egg plant stuffed with lamb ground beef. I will repeat it again.Divan Mediterranean Grill, not to be confused with the old defunct Divan Turkish Kitchen, is a new and terrific restaurant with many Mediterranean dishes but featuring Turkish cuisine.  
The food is outstanding.  The Cigar Borek is a delicious hot appetizer: fresh, tasty feta cheese inside a light roll of pastry in the shape of a cigar, served on a bed of lettuce and tomato.  The appetizer has 4 cigars - enough to share -  so it's very reasonably priced at $5.50.  The chicken and lamb kebabs are also outstanding, served with delicious homemade Turkish rice with toasted pine nuts, a vegetable medley, and a wonderful yoghurt dipping sauce.  The baklava and rice pudding were fresh, homemade, and delicious.  A generous serving of delicious Turkish bread is complimentary and served at the beginning of the meal.  This food tastes like you were eating at your favorite aunt's house, assuming your favorite aunt is an expert cook.
The decor is quite elegant with imported Turkish marble and very tasteful decorations, also imported from Turkey, on the wall.  The service was fast, friendly, and attentive.
The restaurant is also conveniently located, just a block south of South Street, on S. 6th Street.  This is a wonderful addition to the Queen Village restaurant scene.  BYOB.Came here first with a groupon and since have returned without one as their prices and portions are very reasonable. I have always loved philly BYOs and this is no exception. They have a huge selection of reasonably priced appetizers and pretty much unlimited pita bread, all delicious. Their entrees are also reasonably priced and I have found that you can easily split it with someone if you get an appetizer or two. 
I would definitely try the Turkish coffee, it's prepared in a different manner and is quite delicious!Me and my girlfriend went to here a week or so ago (she had purchased a groupon for the place and was pretty excited to use it)  Once we walked in the waiter (later found out was a manager) told us, rather rudely, that they no longer honor Groupons.  Whatever, stuff happens...
He then seated us in the middle of the restaurant, close to the bar, but didnt give us menus.  After seeing him seat other people in our general area i went up and got a menu off the bar.  At this point, im getting pretty mad.  Other people were being served and we hadn't even gotten water!  Several other waiters walked by us and loooked in our general direction (and the absence of food on the table) but still nothing..
  After no service for another 15min me and my girlfriend decided to leave, and when i told the "manager" about how we didn't even get water he says we should of waited a bit longer (just for water!) 
..so in short:  awful service, along with incompetent management.  Food might be good, but it you cant get around the rude and unhelpful staff, you'll never knowWe're definitely going back here! The restaurant was packed for a Wednesday evening, even then we were seated in no time. 
The place was clean and service was prompt.
We ordered the zucchini pancakes and falafel for appetizers. While we waited, the nice, friendly waitress brought us warm pita bread w olive oil & balsamic, and apologized profusely for the wait :))
The zucchini pancakes were just right, warm, and crispy but not too fried the zucchini was not cooked to kill texture and a cool yogurt dip to accompany it. The falafel was strictly OK, however, disclaimer: I am not a big fan of boiled/mashed and then fried chickpeas-I mean what is this veg substitute for a meat ball trying to achieve ;) so I shan't comment on the falafel- the husband really liked it, scarfed it all down!!
For the main course, we ordered the Mixed Grilled Kebab Dinner. This was by far some of the best variety of kebobs I have had. And in my not-so-humble opinion, I have had quite a few :)  the lamb cooked just right ( read melt in your mouth), the adana spiced just right, and minced just right-even for the toothless to eat. The chicken kebobs were spiced w/ what looked and smelt like saffron, and again grilled to perfection, all this served with a small helping of brown rice pilaf. With tzatziki sauce..mmmm..creamy and delish!
Despite the craziness that was a full restaurant, the owner and his helper seemed very eager to please. My husband is a fussy eater, not picky (as in NOT the-foie-gras-wasn't-seared-right- types)- just plain fussy! lol He says he'll go back. 
I have eaten at the 22nd Carpenter location when it was open, and liked that one too. I will definitely go back to this location again, just to make sure our meals were not a one off. 
Definitely recommended.Exactly what I was craving! An interesting and warmly decorated Mediterranean grill with good falafel.EXPERIENCE WITH A GROUPON: BEWARE OF EXTRA CHARGES
If I were only rating the food it would be 3 stars:
Complementary flat bread was bah, I can buy better at Trader Joe's but I'm not going to complain since it was free. 
The appetizer (Stuffed grapes) was very good but kind of small. My husband hated it! He said it tasted like cold chef boyardee's tortellinni but everyone to his own taste.
We ordered a falafel platter and a kofte platter to share. The falafels were alright, nothing special. The Kofte platter was pretty good. 
Until then everything was average and 3 stars worthy. 
But all the sudden everything changed when we showed our Groupon! You guys should have seen the waiter face! His attitud changed completely (TIP: don't show your Groupon until the end so they don't have the chance to spit on your food)
 We got our bill but THE BILL DIDN'T SPECIFY THE CHARGES, JUST THE REMINING BALANCE, which was10 bucks. Taking into account that my Groupon was 30 dollars, it seemed a little bit too expensive for what we had had. I didn't complain because my husband always tells me that I'm bitchy, so I shut my mouth, paid and left a tip. I'm telling you, that meal WASN'T worth 47 bucks.
When I got home I read some reviews and aparently THEY CHARGE YOU  2 dollars FOR USING YOUR GROUPON (Which I've never seen before) and they add 18% gratuity to your bill  BUT THEY DON'T SPECIFY IT. 
I guess it's the way to trick you into tipping twice, like I did. Well, that's the last tip they are getting from me!Great food, inexpensive for the quantity, and great service! We had the chicken adana and imam bayildi. We also split the zuchini pancakes. Very delicious! The red lentil soup was a bit watery and the small side salad was quite yellow as opposed to green (as described)...but that was the only qualmFor great food, excellent service and a pleasant atmosphere, this BYOB is the place for you.  Our meal began with calamari which was excellent and a Tabouli Salad was the same.  The comp pita bread was grilled and the oil/olive dip was very good.  My wife had the lamb Shish-kabob and I had the combination platter.  Each was served with a tasty rice with a warm salad side.  You must try this restaurant!  You will be coming back again and again.  If lamb is not your thing, they have chicken shish-kabob and seafood.  We will be coming back.I had a wonderful experience at this restaurant. I'm only giving it 4 instead of 5 stars because there are no hours posted on their website (but it says BYOB 7 days a week). We showed up on Monday and they were closed. 
On to the positives! Amazing meal, if you enjoy lamb, this is the place to go! The prices were very reasonable and you received a generous portion to boot. I paid $13 for lamb meatballs served with rice and a roasted cabbage salad of sorts. I don't really like cabbage generally,but it was tasty. I asked for a side of the yogurt dip that came with other entrees and that was not a problem at all for them. I tried the dumplings that my friend ordered and they were also amazing. Our waiter wasn't super talkative but provided great service, we never had to ask for our waters to be refilled.
It was a Thursday night and the place was almost empty. I hope that this review leads to more business for them because they are a great restaurant.got a restaurant.com deal so my gf and i decided to try divan last weekend.  we got there close to closing (45 minutes before or so) so perhaps that had some impact on our meal?
overall service was pretty decent, but there were only 2 other parties of 4 that i could see.  my only small complaint was that we brought beer and had to ask separately for an opener and then glasses - neither were offered.  overall pricing is way overpriced for the quality and quantity of the food.
though i cook mediterranean food often and enjoy it even more than that, i can't say that i am too knowledgeable about turkish cuisine.  that being said, the spices and flavors offered at divan didn't seem to be distinct to any particular region - read: weak.
our meal:
(i wish we ordered some hummus to rate it, but i just had some earlier in the day)
- complementary flatbread - was pretty good but was oddly served with olive oil and balsamic?  not very turkish.
- calamari - bland and rubbery with a flavorless garlic? dip.   amount of batter was ok (thin) but was not even golden-brown and was completely lacking in spice.  boring.
- spinach rolls - i didn't really want to get these as i had a feeling they wouldn't be very good, but my gf insisted... they looked and tasted like they came from a box.
- dolmas - these were pretty decent, i have to admit.  freshly made, nice and moist with a good, lemony zest to them.
- lamb kebab plate with rice and pickled cabbage - lamb kebabs were heavily spiced and had some nice heat but were really just so-so.  the rice was cooked well, but was covered in a ton of butter making it a little gross.  pickled cabbage was pretty basic and helped out the rest of the dish.
- baklava - small portion lacking in filling.  not bad, but certainly not great.
probably won't be returning.  i feel the same as another yelper - with dmitri's around the corner, why come back?Goodbye South St Souvlaki. I'll be walkin around the corner to 6th & Bainbridge. Divan's chicken shish kabob platter was so delish.  Perfectly marinated, juicy, over a bed of fluffy rice with a side of red cabbage & carrots. Falafel platter done equally well. The Shepards salad was wonderful, with tomatoes, cucumber, red pepper, onion & feta-- diced small, the way I love it. The comp pita for the table was grilled and toasty but light and fluffy. Amazing. Large portions, and really reasonably priced. Looking forward to next time.Very simple, delicious food. Nice ambiance. It was empty when we were there, and the service was great. Not sure how they'd be if it got crowded. I'll be back to try the hookah. I used a restaurant.com gift certificate and was not charged any extra or given a hard time like some reviewers on here.Greasy and tasteless.   The olive oil that comes out first has no flavor.  The vegetable casserole was swimming in an unidentified pool of grease.   The cabbage rolls were just not good.  We will not be back.Have been walking by this place for a few months & tonight went in with a friend. Food was excellent. We started with stuffed grape leaves, served on lettuce with lemon wedges, and some spinach rolls with a yogurt sauce for dipping. Tasty! He had stuffed eggplant (with ground lamb) & I had the vegetarian shish kebob. The food was as good as I could've hoped for, the prices reasonable (about $50 for the two of us) and the ambiance extremely pleasant. They put some money into this place. I live a block away and plan to go again & again.Had been curious about this place for a while. Went in last night. The deco is nice and crisp. Staffs were friendly and prompt. The food was delicious, shepherd salad was fresh and tasty, fried caft liver was just right and not over cooked, egg plant pan cake was a surprise in a good way I should clarify, egg plant lamb bbq was excellent. Three appt and one main for two and we still have left over to take home. 
BYOB keeps the bill low and more tips for the waitress.This is a nice little restaurant with lots of Mediterranean flair to go around. I just wish my stomach could handle it.
Boyfriend and I stopped in after a Phillies game for dinner thanks to Living Social. He ordered the lamb donor, I ordered the chicken shish kabob.
Within minutes (as in, surprisingly quickly in a confusing way), the food was on our table. They *do* have a pretty small menu, though, so perhaps they just have dishes ready in preparation for obvious orders? I don't know.
Nonetheless, I didn't feel well enough to stroll down South Street after, which was a bit of a bummer. However: The food itself was good. I'd maybe make this an end-of-the-night stop (they have hookah) instead in the future.Dinner here was disappointing compared to the one I experienced in their old location a couple years ago.  They did honor my groupon without complaint (unlike another reviewer), but the food was eh and the service was less than friendly.  Also, they claim to be a BYO but I'm pretty sure I saw a full bar in the back?  
If you want really good mediterranean, go around the corner to dmitri's.Came here last night with my boyfriend to try a new place thanks to groupon. It was a Sunday night around 8:00 with 2 other tables and we were asked if we had a reservation and once we said no, the guy made it seem like he was doing us a favor by seating us.
We were looking at the menu and we aren't very familiar with this cuisine so we were trying to decide, but the waiter came up very instantly and asked for drinks and our order. He didn't come back for a good while which was really the tone the rest of the night. He was never there. I'm a big water drinker and glasses remained empty most of the time. The waiter seemed really annoyed and condescending. Maybe it's because we looked younger, I'm not really sure. He seemed to be talking to all his other guests for half hours. 
We ordered some appetizer; it was supposed to be some sort of eggplant with tomato sauce. Never did receive that. We did get some sort of delicious something, tasted garlic-y..but never what we ordered. We never got asked how everything was or anything. Just kind of had to do our own thing and ask for whatever we needed. The food we got was pretty good though!
At the end, we got our bill, charged for the appetizer we never got (but needed it on there anyway for the groupon) and an 18% gratuity which seemed a little odd. I wish I had cash on me but I had only my card, otherwise I would have just paid for the food and left no tip. Seriously horrible service. In fact, we must have waited about 15 minutes before we went and brought the unpaid portion of the bill to someone else to finish. Meanwhile, our waiter was in the other room talking to the only other table in the restaurant the whole time. They must have been friends or something. I don't know, the food was good but no one likes bad service so that's probably the last time we'll go there.I had a really good experience at Divan. It is in our 'hood and we had walked past a few different times and thought about trying it, and then I saw a GroupOn for it and went for it. I was a little worried after reading some other reviews on here, but maybe the owners have been reading them as well because we had a solid A+ experience! 
We walked in and the place is bigger than it looks from the outside. There were half a dozen tables of people and a big group in the upstairs part which gave a nice boisterous feel to the restaurant. The atmosphere was very cozy and warm. We were seated immediately and brought menus, pita bread, oil for dipping, and water within a minute. The pita bread was okay, I don't think it was homemade - it tasted more supermarket bought - but it was still decent and the dipping oil was really good. It had some olives and spices in it.
We ordered a yummy sautéed shrimp appetizer that was different from what I expected - I expected a few shrimp but they were a lot of a small shrimps sautéed with vegetables - very filling and delicious. Our entrees were pretty good too, I enjoyed both the falafel and chicken shish kebab. Standard mediterranean fair - nothing out-of-this-world mind boggling, but if you're in the mood for this kind of food, it is done quite well.
They kept refilling our waters as soon as they were getting empty which is a huge plus in my book. This is a key for me in any restaurant experience and they were very on top of it and our server in general was extremely attentive. We finished with a nice baklava for dessert, which again was pretty standard and good but nothing other worldly. 
The fact Divan is a BYO is another plus. They also have hookahs which is cool and I wish we had tried them...I love hookah. I will definitely come back here if I get a craving for Turkish food again.Food:  The food was overall good and enjoyable.  The hummus was good but nothing to write home about.  The babaganoush had a lovely smokey flavor.  The falafel was a bland but had nice texture.  The authentic desserts were enjoyable, but would have been more enjoyable if they said on the menu that nuts top the kunefe.
Ambiance:  Hard to tell.  We were seated in the first room where the door kept opening and letting cold air in.  We were the only people kept in the initial room, despite there being several tables in the nice warm inner room where everyone else was seated.  From what I could see, the inside room had more charm and warmth than the outside room...which was fine, but just fine.
Service:  Service was good once we realized that our waiter had a particular personality, and wasn't actually annoyed at having customers.  They were pretty attentive and always upbeat.
Additional points:  Total bonus that it is BYO where you can buy drinks.  Additional bonus if you like hookah.  Some points off for being out of stock on several tobacco flavors.
Overall:  I liked this place because it was conveniently located, had solid food options, had hookah, and was a good price point.  I would come again for the mix of these factors, despite none of the above being exceptional.This spot is off the beaten track, but any wayfarer who stumbles into this place is due for a delightful meal of Turkish proportions. It is a low volume, highly personalized dining experience, and as advertised on their storefront, is a BYO with no corking fee. We skipped the appetizers, as their entrees were known to be huge.
We ate the entrees. They was aite. 
We ate some dessert. It was aite.
The end.Our first visit last night was wonderful.  The service was spectacular,  and the combined BYOB and bar service is a brilliant idea.  Those who have experienced Turkish cuisine at its best will be impressed. 
The hünkiâr was excellent, the Adana kabob was spiced just the way I like it,  The manti were freshly cooked and delicious.  I can't say anything negative about the meal.  We ate very well and enjoyed the experience thoroughly.  THe baba ganoush was very good, but I wished they had patlican salat on the appetizer menu.
Our waiter was super-attentive.  One of us dropped a fork, and he had a clean fork on the table to replace it within 10 seconds!
We'll definitely be back!!Rather spendy, tasty, not all that different from what you would get at other mediterranean restaurants nearby. Owner/staff often park in the alley in the back, which is fine unless you need to drive down the alley in the back.PROS: Gigantic portions, tasty flatbreads
CONS: ?
The complimentary bread and dip are awesome! Also, the appetizer portions are HUGE! If you love kebobs, falafels, and/or other Mediterranean fare, you will enjoy this place! At the end, make sure to get the "bottom of the pot" dessert. It's like a very smooth, silky, fresh pudding made in heaven!I went in with a bunch of friends and we decided to order Falafel.  We all really loved it..... !!  ...the Falafel were really crispy and tahini and hummus was nothing like I ever had before. Our waiter Eddie was very helpful and attentive .....The Turkish tea we had in the end was just perfect ! I would recommend this place to my friends... and will definitely come back whenever I get a chance :)  ...Well my boyfriend David and I were planning on going to Philly so we wanted to see what we could find on restaurant.com. Divan restaurant had one of the best coupons there due to the amount offered and the least amount of restrictions.
To be honest, it was a great choice. It's right off of the famous South Street and the place was very nice decor/atmosphere.
We got the sauteed shrimp with mushrooms as our appetizer - if you like garlic, then def get this. We loved it. Got free pita bad with olive oil dip which was delish. I ordered the lamb doner and the lamb anaba combo (both meats were good) and Dave got the lamb anaba and chicken shish combo (he loved the chicken). Overall food was plentiful and pretty delicious at a decent price. We got the hardened pudding dessert and the rolled baklava. The pudding reminded me of a slightly less flavorful Spanish flan (but still good) so it was more of a custard. The rolled baklava was overall good too. 
Service was very good too though we were only 3 couples in the restaurant at the time.
Drawback would be that there is no spicy/hot entrees or appetizers. When we asked about adding a spicy sauce, we were hoping for some homemade concoction. Instead they gave us a cheap bottle Tapitio hot sauce. Disappointed since other Turkish places we have been to had spicy meals as well as homemade hotsauce/cream.
Overall a definite recommendation on my part. TIP!!!: get the restaurant dot com coupon for it!!!Update September 2013- unfortunately I won't be visiting this place anymore. When I order a doner it's important I'm not  given pan fried suspect meat and then lied to that it's Turkish style . It's a shame cause every other visit was pretty darn great. But I won't get the picture or taste of that horrible dinner out if my mind. 
My hands-down favorite Mediterranean place in Philly. Great flatbreads, great olive oil, enormous, incredibly tasty portions, and really yummy desserts. I'm hooked. We tried this place cause of a groupon, and someone else's review had us nervous. But we had no issues with using it. I'm a fan.The website says Divan 'Turkish' Grill - so I'm sticking with that!
-------------------
It was 11PM on a weekend night and there was nothing in the fridge - so naturally, we hopped on  GrubHub and ordered from Divan Turkish Grill, a South Philly BYO that delivers - literally. Despite ordering half an hour before their midnight closing time, they were able to get it delivered by midnight, which was amazing.
Falafel ($5.99)
Chickpeas, celery, carrots, Turkish spices, hummus
Of course, we had to get the falafel. The Turkish spices imparted savory flavors. The texture was there - nicely crisp outside, while maintaining moistness within. The hummus could have used a bit more pop with lemon though. 
Doner and Chicken Combo ($14)
Ground lamb, chicken, grilled vegetables, rice, tartar sauce, pita
While not as good as the doner at Avli in New York, these grilled meats were pretty darn good. The lamb was fragrant, sweet, and tender. The chicken was moist and juicy, marinated with a bit of heat. The grilled peppers had a great char and were not incredibly hot. The long grain rice was well-seasoned and subtly sweet.
The pita was still hot and seemed homemade. Perfect to house some of the tahini-based 'tartar' sauce with some meat and veggies - it made for a great bite.
Sac Kavurma ($14.99)
Fried diced beef, grilled vegetables, rice, tartar sauce, pita
We also ordered the sac kavurma, which offered fried diced beef, supposedly cooked on a cast-iron skillet. The beef has a bit of heat to it, but could have used a bit more seasoning and frankly, I expected more char from being on a skillet. The mix of veggies and onions were nice and was certainly a great filling for that homemade pita.
The beef also came with the Turkish rice, which I believe is cooked in butter, with some grains being toasted to impart the color change.
Overall, Divan Turkish Grill is a great option for BYO or late night delivery. I'd have to say that in Philly, Bitar's is definitely my favorite for Middle Eastern cuisine thus far, but Divan Turkish Grill provides a satisfying bite as well.The food here is great. The waiters are very friendly and very attentive! I would definitely recommend coming here. They always have promotions as well, so you might get a good deal from your meal if you do your research.
They are BYO which is great, and this is a great restaurant for large groupsDelicious. We had a Groupon for $15 for $30. We read the reviews saying that the restaurant was charging $2 to redeem it, so we called to ask and the manager assured us that it wasn't true. Fair enough. We asked for a reservation in an hour for 2.
So glad that we stopped in here. The falafel appetizer ($6) was homemade and tasty. It came with a side of hummus on a bed of lettuce and thinly sliced tomato. Fresh pita bread and olive oil came with it. The vegetable casserole ($14) had a nice flavor. Eggplant, mushrooms, zucchini, onions, baked into olive oil and a red sauce. It could have used more cheese in my opinion, but I'm a cheesy gal.
The Turkish rice stole the show. We actually pulled the waitress aside to ask her what made this rice so superior to any other rice... ever. She laughed, but we really weren't kidding. It was soft and buttery/cheesy, and broke off of the mound in chunks. Dipped in the sauce from the casserole it was pure heaven.
My friend had a meat dish that I cannot pronounce. She was quiet most of the meal, and had a pleased grin almost the whole time. I will take that to mean that her dinner was just as good as mine. 
Service was prompt and friendly. Our waitress did not scoff at my buddy who refused to make up her mind on what she was going to order, and asked a bazillion questions about the food and the preparation. Hey, inquiring minds want to know!
Very pleased with the whole experience, and would highly recommend Divan Grill.Very interesting food. It wasn't bad, just different for me. I had an eggplant dish with lamb which was good, but different. The eggplant was almost like a sweet mashed potatoes and the lamb (a bit dry) was in a tomato based sauce. It also came with rice. My boyfriend got little dumplings in some  yogurt butter sauce which was a bit heavy and...different. The food is good, just not what my stomach is used it. I like the dipping sauce they give you with bread.
Definitely worth a try. Service is good. Place looks clean, neat, and cozy.Not sure if this "Divan" has any affiliation with the old "Divan" Turkish restaurant that was in Graduate Hospital, but the two are leagues apart. Very sad that the old Divan closed, as the food was the best Turkish food I've had, with a great ambiance to the space.
This Divan: not so much. Mediocre Turkish food at best. Space is ok.***BEWARE: IF YOU GO TO DIVAN, CHECK THE BILL FOR EXTRA CHARGES.***
Went to Divan with a Groupon deal ($15 for $30) & had a horrible experience. Food was all right, but service experience was awful & they tried to bill us twice for "taxes".
When we arrived, we told our waiter we had a Groupon & all seemed fine. Complimentary pita was warm and fluffy, served with oil & balsamic vinegar. The entrees were all right, around 3 stars. We ordered baked eggplant with ground lamb and the lamb adana kebab. Eggplant dish was not very flavourful & the tomato sauce was a little bland, but it was okay.  The adana kebab was not bad & was tastier than the eggplant dish. Both were served with rice & sauteed cabbage and carrots. For dessert, we had the kazandibi milk pudding, which was very nice.
Throughout dinner, service was abrupt and awkward. Waiter suddenly approached us toward the end of the meal (we hadn't finished) to demand the Groupon, so I gave it to him. Maybe we were getting Groupon service... okay, whatever. 
Things got worse when the bill came. On the receipt, the itemized listing, Philadelphia/PA 8% sales tax, and the subtotal were all correct. They had added in 18% gratuity -- this was unexpected, since it wasn't mentioned anywhere on the Groupon or menu & we were a party of 2 -- but we didn't make an issue of it since we were planning to tip anyway.
BUT, at the bottom of the bill, someone had handwritten the Groupon value to be subtracted ($30.00) and then ADDED back in "Tax 2.00" to the bill. Huh? What's the second tax? The Philly/PA 8% sales tax was already listed & included in the subtotal. We asked the waiter & he explained that it was a "tax" for using the Groupon. That made no sense to us at all. He offered to have the manager speak with us. The manager explained that they had to pay this "tax" to Groupon, so they were charging it to us, and that the Groupon didn't include tax or tip. I agreed that the Groupon doesn't cover tax and tip, but pointed out that our 8% tax & the tip were already on the bill; this additional fee was neither of those things. If he had to pay some fee to Groupon, it had nothing to do with us. He insisted that we had to pay this "tax" because it wasn't included in the Groupon. I asked to see the Groupon to reread the fine print. He claimed he didn't have it. I told him that I'd just given the Groupon to them and he finally went to get it for us. We checked the Groupon and verified that nothing was mentioned about extra "taxes" or fees for using it in the restaurant. 
While we were looking at it, a third staffmember came by our table to tell us we had to pay the "tax." This was strange, because I had no idea who he was & hadn't interacted with him before -- maybe he just felt compelled to do his bit to pressure us to pay the bogus "tax"?  Weird. I realize that $2 isn't a lot of money, but I'm not cool with being charged some extra fee as a "tax" when it's not a tax. Taxes are levied by governments to pay for public services. I doubt this $2 was earmarked for state services.
A few minutes later, they came & took the original receipt away (where they charged us two "taxes") and gave us another receipt that didn't have the extra "tax".  I guess they realized their double "tax" deal wasn't going to work on us, so they decided to backtrack and give us a different bill. We paid it and left.
The whole thing left a pretty bad taste in my mouth. The food is just okay. Service in general was impatient and discomfiting. The extra "tax" charge was just bad, wrong, unethical, and uncool.
BEWARE: During our discussion of the bill, they told us that they charged everybody this additional "tax" -- as if the fact that other people fell for a fake "tax" would magically make us want to be fooled also! Anyway, if it's true that they try this on everyone, then I feel I should warn people as a public service: 
***IF YOU GO TO DIVAN, CAREFULLY CHECK YOUR BILL FOR EXTRA CHARGES DISGUISED AS "TAXES".***  
(That was free advice, by the way -- I won't even charge you a "tax" on it.)Excellent Turkish restaurant with a very nice atmosphere, I think this would be a great place for a date or romantic dinner or whatever.. Baked eggplant with ground lamb was fantastic! a huge platter of well seasoned food, served with a side of shredded cabbage/onions/carrots, a scoop of rice, and a pretty large feta cheese cucumber tomato onion salad which was great. Very tastefully decorated with all kinds of Turkish stuff, quite attractive interior. the ketefe dessert (which is kinda like shredded wheat stuffed with cheese) is amazing!!! Turkish coffee is a must with that. a bit hidden just off South Street, a quiet  oasis well worth trekking to!! oh and it is BYOB so that is a big plus too methinks..This place is past it's prime I do believe. I have been here about two years ago and the food was really good. Recently tho when went the food wasn't that great. The service was so slow but it wasn't the waiter's fault. He was clearly waiting on the kitchen since we were the only ones there. 
The dishes were by and far surprisingly tasteless. And drowning in sauces as if that would help it. It so did not. There are way better Turkish places than this spot people.