I ordered a spicy pig feet from there and only four of them has meat on it. The flavor is actually great but this is not spicy bone.Tried this place when visiting Town, the food and decor are both great. Very authentic Chinese style, would definitely come again!tried this our for the first time because it seemed interesting. The decor was nice however the food, not so much. The food was very pricey for 4 people and it was not so authentic. It was an alright meal, nothing special.Third time is a charm.. I had experienced a few small service errors in two prior visits which marred an otherwise extraordinary couple of dining experiences. I understand this is brand new place, training staff and getting to know the neighborhood. 
On my first visit, I was served everything at once (pacing error) and actually got the wrong fish dish (out of two) which though delicious, was not what I ordered (my plan was to compare dish-dish against my goto Han Dynasty). On my subsequent visit, the dry pepper pork was just warm enough that I didn't return it. Again, extraordinary in taste, but they were unprepared for the crowd they had at lunchtime. I'd spoken to the manager (whom I found out is a co-owner) and he was sincerely apologetic and determined to make things right.  
Today, he waited on my table personally, and ensured that every aspect of my experience made up for the small mistakes last week.  The DanDan noodles were life-changing. He made sure they were prepared "Chinese style) with extra sauce and the combination of numbing Szechuan peppercorns and hot peppers brought tears to my eyes (literally.) I had to take off my jacket. The beef in hot sauce that followed was equally good, but of dozens of DanDans, I'd tasted, this is the gold standard. The fresh cucumber juice is a "must have" to temper the heat. Even the wonton soup broth (came with the lunch special) was hearty.  
I learned some tricks. If your waitperson seems less than fluent in English, order by number to avoid confusion. When I entered today, I was the only non-Chinese customer there. If you want AUTHENTIC Chinese food, ASK for it "Chinese style" or they will probably dumb it down (which you might prefer.. I don't judge.) 
In the future, I'll be sure to mention I'd like a dish sweeter, less-salty etc.  You really should try the place. Lunch specials are a bargain, and dinners are on a par with any "Best of Breed" place out there.Probably the best Szechuan place we have found outside of Chinatown (and better than many of the ones we've been to within Chinatown as well). Haven't tried anything we didn't like in the dozen or so times we've been there, ordered out, or ordered delivery for ($2 delivery within a couple of miles?? Yes please!). They do admit that some of their flavors have been subdued or sweetened to cater to more American, non-spicy palettes, but it tastes great nonetheless. I wouldn't recommend ordering fried food for delivery, as it can become soggy on the way, but otherwise, everything is great!Quality and character of this place were absolutely terrific. It was staying in a hotel nearby, and very lucky to have this place a two-minute walk away.Nice environment and yummy food! Best Sichuan dishes ever!!! The service is fantastic! :) Thank you!Wow, this place does not look or taste like what you think it would from the outside! Right under Chipotle, I thought this would be a other fast casual Americanized Chinese restaurant, but man was I completely wrong! 
When you walk in, it actually has a romantic, clean, nice atmosphere, and the menu has both americanized and authentic Chinese dishes. We ordered some chef specials and dry pepper dishes, and were thoroughly satisfied! But, since the closest competitors are basically Sang Kee in LM and Ping Pong in Andorra, they are a bit pricey. 
They also serve bubble tea here, but sadly you could tell the bubbles were old because they got hard super fast. Cheese foam drinks are legit though! 
Overall, this place hits the spot if you want some authentic, quality Chinese food, but don't expect it to be cheap! We spent about $20-$25 per head!Pretty nifty new place! Have been eyeballing it since construction started early 2018, and it was worth the wait.
Authentic Szechuan food with friendly staff is all that you can ask for. Dan Dan noodles is a staple for Szechuan restaurants in the area, and this place doesn't disappoint! Follow it up with some spicy stewed beef, and some traditional Chinese string beans, and you've got a flavorful Chengdu experience. These guys don't joke around with their spice.
It also has pretty modern decor, following the style of the other big Szechuan restaurants in the area (a la Han Dynasty). Maybe a bit of IKEA too for your viewing pleasure.
Definitely worth the visit. Very visible from City Ave - enter via City Ave for plenty of garage parking.My friends and I come here pretty often. The food is SO good and it has never failed to disappoint us. It's consistent every time we come along with very fast service. Even the take out experience is great. I love it hereFirst time here and it's so close. I enjoyed the okra appetizers they were delicious and so was the salt & pepper squid. I'd definitely come back. This is a nice date night restaurant in the cut on City Line ave. 
Everything was deliciousWe went to this place on Friday night on a whim in search of some good Chinese food. It was probably some of the best Chinese food we've had in all of the city for its price point! The service was phenomenal, as well. 
The restaurant itself has a very urban/eco vibe, and was very aesthetically pleasing. 
Like I mentioned before, the food was great for the price point. The service was was amazing with the employees holding the door as we entered and left, refilling drinks unprompted, being very courteous, and boxing up our leftover food. 
We will definitely be back soon!The decor in the restaurant is so nice. The staff is very polite and attentive. I ordered the chicken fried rice dinner, it cost around 10 dollars and the portion was huge, definitely could be shared. Would definitely return!!This place is a winner!  The food is great & the people are great!  Loved Jerry & Niko.  Added plus is that you can BYOB.  Open for Lunch and they stay late for Dinner.  Beautiful place.  Much needed in this area.I'm sorry did I go to a different restaurant?? I was completely disappointed with my meal, it lacked flavor and was too oily. The decor was nice, restaurant was clean and service was prompt but that equals nothing if the food doesn't taste good. We ordered several things off of the menu so I doubt it was a one dish fluke. The scallion pancake was oil ridden, I had to wipe my hands after every bite. Thank goodness you told me it was chicken teriyaki dumplings because you couldn't tell. Not just no teriyaki flavor but no FLAVOR!!! General tso chicken which is generally sweet if nothing else tasted like nothing. And worst the beef with broccoli had a distinct taste of flour. I left 90% on the plate, and when asked why explained it just tasted bad, and "lacked flavor". The waiter seemed taken a back that I didn't want to wrap the tasteless dish to go. But I knew I would never eat it. When paying almost $18 for a dish you expect and deserve better. Sorry despite attentive staff and a nice atmosphere I'll never be back.Very authentic Chinese food with atypical Chinese restaurant service (in a good way). We've been there couple of times and tried different dishes (both spicy and non spicy) and were never disappointed- food is always flavorful and freshly made. The waiters were super friendly and constantly checking on us. One thing to be cautious is that authentic Szechuan food means they are truly spicy (no joke, yet really really good!!), and make sure to ask for less spicy if you can't handle heavily spicy food.Wow, this was not what I was expecting. Thought it would be standard Americanized Chinese takeout or something PF Chang-esque but boy was I wrong. in fact it was super authentic and delicious Szechuan! Had the dry pot pork which was great and the scallion pancake was fantastic. The creamy prawns with walnut was good also but extremely rich and a tad sweet for my taste. Will definitely return.Excellent food, Great Service. Server was very enthusiastic and ensured that spice level was adjusted to our taste. This place does not use MSG. We visited this place just to grab something quick and pleasantly surprised by quality and authenticity of the food. Better than Han Dynasty.DJ does Sichuan, and does it well!
This has been a gaping hole in my and my wife's Chinese restaurant stable since we got back to the States two years ago, because living in Philadelphia the best options for Sichuan food were in KoP and Plymouth Meeting. Frankly, the Chinatown "Szechuan" restaurants are either wildly overpriced or not at all authentic, so we've never really bothered, but KoP is too much of a trek for a weekly visit.
Imagine my surprise when I stumbled across DJ Kitchen while tooling around Yelp one day and thinking to myself, "Wait, there's never been a Sichuan place half a mile from my house, has there?" Fortunately I don't have to beat myself up too hard as they'd only been around for a few months when I saw them.
Anyway, my aunt and uncle (who feature in several other reviews of Chinese restaurants because they visited me when I lived in China) came down to visit us this weekend and we decided to be lazy and order takeout in lieu of cooking something big and complex. Naturally, when they learned that an authentic Sichuan restaurant had just opened up nearby they were enthusiastic and agreed to try it out.
We settled on ordering the "hot sauce style" beef and fish, which are essentially beef/fish with vegetables simmered in a pepper broth, and dry pepper chicken, which is battered chicken bits deep fried with dried pepper and seasoning. All three were really good, more or less spot on. The beef was a bit salty to my tastes, though my wife (who is Chinese) blames that on the fact that I don't eat enough rice with anything.
All-in-all, well worth it and we'll be back.Just opened a few months ago? No wonder I had no idea a Chinese restaurant was so close to school! Ive attended PCOM for the past 2 years and had I known milk tea was that close by, I would have gone broke ages ago!
My only qualm is the price. Most of us students are living off of loan refunds and, therefore, we really shouldn't be splurging frequently on $10-20 entrees and $4-6 drinks. But they have a much larger customer base than the students next door, so this is more my problem than theirs.
But anyway, if you're looking for some quality Chinese food and drinks, this is the place to be! I went out with a couple friends and we went for more Chinese-American dishes than authentic Szechuan ones; however, even then in my opinion, there was a noticeably difference in quality and flavor than the ones you get at your local Chinese take out. The drinks, too, were on-point! I ended up with the fruit tea and one of my friends got an iced tea; they were pretty flavorable and just the right amount of sweet. They also have milk tea and milk foam to top off your drinks. I forgot to look for boba, but I assume if a Chinese place serves milk tea, they're also serving boba.
Also, the service is incredibly friendly and patient! They ran out of milk foam when I ordered it and one of the staff members profusely apologized (even though I told him it was completely fine) and insisted on replacing my original drink with a more expensive one without charging me extra. That's how I ended up with the fruit tea, which was very refreshing. While we're talking about drinks, I really like that the water they serve to everyone is infused with fresh fruit!
Finally, they accept credit card, which is a given in this area but so many Chinese restaurants are cash only that I just appreciated this big time. All in all, I recommend this restaurant! If you're in the area, get your fix for Chinese food here!This place is so great! I went in for take out and got the braised beef noodle soup and it was AMAZING, so fresh and so tasty. Not to mention it was ready in 5 minutes. The people that work there are extremely friendly and have great customer service. The place is very clean and has a serene vibe for dine-in. Also, they are BYOB and don't have a corking fee! I will 100% be eating here once a week.Slow night of their soft opening. Everyone was very kind and showed a lot of hospitality. Food was clean, tasty, and reasonably portioned. Definitely would recommend.We went back to DJ kitchen for another meal and I have to say it was even bettet than the first time! I ordered fish in spicy sauce- a suggestion by the server. OMG so good. A tender filet of fish with a red sauce very flavorful but not so spicy. Lots of fresh vegetables some I can't name but all were wonderful! Very authentic and delicious szechuan dish. I highly recommend this place.Food is perfect! Service is good too! We are regulars now. I recommended this place to my friends and they like it too! Food is better than Chinatown!Found our new go to Chinese spot! Best Chinese food in the area. The service is great - prompt and friendly servers. It's Szechuan style so most dishes definitely have a good kick to it but the servers are happy to accommodate mild to no spice at all or even extremely spicy depending on your preference. My fiance and I had tried the Dan dan noodles, the mayo tofu and the spicy pig ears, all of it was delicious! Would definitely recommend to anyone who loves authentic Chinese food.Beautiful place that's pretty cheap and has great food!  Get the General Tso chicken and the dandan noddles for some good times!  Also, check it the strawberry foam- basically a strawberry cheesecake drink.  Stay away from the boba and the greenbeans.  Best Chinese food in Philly!Good place. Location really sucks because very hard to get to. Have to park and trek down stairs to find this place. 
The food was good. The tea selection was great. I would come back here!Great chicken with black bean sauce. Also love the dumplings in chili oil, but warning...the dumplngs are very spicyGood service and great food! We got two dishes that were super tasty--one was three cup chicken and the other one was HK style port ribs. Both were really good but the ribs might have won by a bit--the flavor, the spice with just a bit of spiciness was the perfect balance. Highly recommend this place! The only thing is that the portions are small.Delicious! In town for work and stopped here for carry out. I had the Szechwan fish and tofu. It was spicy but so flavorful. I also had the pork dumplings, which were the perfect texture! They treated me to a refreshing, freshly made cucumber iced tea while I waited and it hit the spot. I will be back!! Highly recommend!This was an absolutely wonderful dining experience! The food was fresh, and delicious, and the staff was incredibly attentive and kind. 
My group ordered the fried chicken dumplings, Kung Pao chicken, dan dan noodles,and shrimp lo Mien. Everyone loved their food and was ready to order more! We also ordered there bubble tea which was a sweet end to the meal. 
The restaurant has a beautiful interior and is perfect for an outing with friends or a date night.I had to stop going to my favorite Szechuan chain because it got a bad score from the health department so I have been on a mission to find Dan Dan Noodles.  FOUND THEM and they were delicious.  I also had fried chicken dumplings.  My lunch partner had an eggplant dish and what we were told is the hottest drink craze in Asia right now, Foam Tea (or Cheese Tea).  She loved both.  The service was beyond excellent.  Both the host and the server were attentive without being intrusive.  They provided detailed explanations about the food and offered suggestions when asked.  The decor is absolutely adorable.  Sleek, minimally designed and spotless.  I highly recommend checking this place out.  The only thing that worries me about their longevity, is that you might not even know it's there.  It is literally under Chipotle.  You go to the right of Chipotle's front door and there are steps that lead down to DJ Kitchen.  I will definitely be going back to this place.The food is very good, place is understaffed though. They had one server handling 8 tables at dinner time. Hopefully management pays better attention.Been looking for good Chinese food near East Falls w/o going into town. Watched this place with vast curiosity bc didn't even realize there was space for an eat-in there! Figured it would be one of those Americanized take-out store fronts that are so generic and disappointing. Decided to stop in for early dinner tonight, and boy, was I wrong!
Greeted enthusiastically and welcomed into a modern style decorated restaurant. Much bigger than imagined! Who knew?!?
My hot-n-sour soup was interestingly presented in a small covered bowl. It was hot and had good flavor, but I'd like a few more straw mushrooms in it, and maybe a few pieces of pork. My bubble tea reminded me of what I first tasted on the streets of San Francisco's Chinatown.  My entree - garlic sauce chicken - was a little light on flavor, so my husband traded with me for his Kung Pao chicken, which was absolutely delicious! 
We'll definitely be back! I just may have found the place to renew my Sunday night Chinese food habit with!A must-try if you're looking for authentic Chinese. Their dry pot chicken is fantastic, and has the perfect spice level without ruining flavor. I'm a big fan of the bok choy with mushrooms and the veggie spring rolls too. A little pricier than your average Chinese restaurant, but worth it. DJ has become my go-to for delivery.Very authentic Chinese food. Excellent customer service. One of my favorite spots in Philly!I recommend coming for the lunch special. Definitely better quality general tso than the average Chinese take out. I believe it was around 10 for the lunch.. which is reasonably priced. It came with your choice of soup so I chose egg drop which was pretty good. Their egg drop soup had corn in it which was interesting, but not a bad touch. I did ask for extra sauce with my general tso's, but it was still a little on the dry side, but that's my only complaint.
I took a copy of the menu and I bet this place would be good for dinner if you want better quality Chinese food. The atmosphere is really inviting as well.. the place is brand new. 
I would definitely try this place again. I do think the dinner prices are a bit more expensive, but you're paying for the quality compared to the average take out place.Had the chili basil chicken stir fried with rice. SOOO much flavor! It came out hot and fresh. Looking forward to trying more dishes here. I ordered my food to go so I can't comment on the service. But the guy at the register was polite and attentive.Outstanding!!! Finally, a great Chinese restaurant on City Avenue. It's in a slightly odd location but please do not let that dissuade you from going (and parking is right behind the restaurant, although invisible from the street). We've had a number of different dishes and none has disappointed -- the Kung Pao chicken is a personal favorite and one of the best versions I've ever had.I've ordered from this place a few times now...  all right let me start over and be honest I've ordered from this place every single time I've been to Philadelphia in the last six months. 
Their food is simply amazing! everytime I come back I think well maybe I'm just misremembering...  maybe it's not that great...  maybe I should try somewhere else... WRONG. 
I love this place. Their staff is super nice, the pick up experience is awesome, the food is hot and cooked perfectly. 
I think it's loveFood was good - grossly overpriced. And takes FOREVER to come out of the kitchen. Better options out thereMy son and I went in for lunch and to try this place out. At 13 months he can be a handful. The staff was wonderful, my son had a great time, and he loved the food. They even had cute plastic plates and matching silverware for him to eat with. My food was fantastic too.We wanted some quick Chinese food for lunch and boy were we pleasantly surprised. The soup dumplings had the right amount of wrapper and the soup was heavenly. We also ordered the spicy crispy cucumber appetizer which was rich in flavor.  Finally,  a quick sweet and sour chicken was very tender. We will definitely be back with friends to explore more of the menu. Highly recommended!This is our second time coming here. Depending on what you order, food is average or over-average compared to other authentic Chinese restaurant. Highly recommend braised pork with chestnuts, seafood tofu soup, and Dan Dan noodles. Everything tastes good, but food alone doesn't deserve a 5 star. However, I love coming here because of its amazing service, FREE PARKING garage, nice ambience and great selection of bubble tea, which overall make this place a 5 STAR for sure!As my first review was based on my initial experiences when this place was brand new (January 2019) I thought it was time to update my impressions.   As I have eaten here on the average of twice per week since then (and still probably get takeout every week) you can probably guess I'm a big fan. 
As I understand, it's hard to keep a good Szechuan chef in Philly (as New York places poach them offering higher salaries.) So there have been a few changes over the year, meaning some variations on some preparation of certain dishes.  As a regular, I kind of welcome that, as I have my favorite "go-tos" and what I miss in consistency is made up in variety. "Classic" things like the wonderful Dan Dan noodles may undergo something subtle like the thickness of the pasta, but fortunately, the owners don't allow new chefs to stray far from the authentic preparations. Ingredients are top-notch and you'll find fresh versions of things that would come from a can at your run-of-the-mill Asian places.
The lunch specials are still a bargain and range from $9-12.  There is a broad range of preparations here, from Americanized to fiery Szechuan. I love the dry pepper dishes and the fish is especially flavorful. I used to think the Han Dynasty version was great until I encountered the seasoning at DJ.  It's a whole different level of seasoning. Hot sauce beef is another of my favorites from the spicy side. 
The menu is pretty huge, and as you'll see, there are many VERY authentic dishes that you won't see on an average Chinese menu around here. Dishes come with white (or for an upcharge) brown rice. I usually cheat on my Keto diet and have a tablespoon or two when the dish is sauced (OK, I'll cheat a LOT if there is a sauce.)  Pretty easy to put together a Keto meal here if you have the willpower to skip the Dan Dan or dumplings.
The "dry-pot" is anything but dry.. a sizzling wok brought to your table with your choice of protein in a fiery chili-oil based sauce. Fresh bamboo shoots, lotus root, exotic mushrooms and surprisingly, POTATOES and textures that make each bite a new experience. 
A recent addition to the menu that surprised me was the tea-smoked duck, which at $20 may be a splurge for lunch, but can easily feed two (as can most of the full-freight entrees.) Sharing is a great idea here if you have friends who share your tastes. I tend to go for extreme heat, but plenty of dishes are tame enough for the timidest palates.
As a regular, I always experience excellent service but observing other walk-ins, it's easy to discern that everyone is given fair attention.  Water glasses are refilled without asking, additional napkins appear, and in my case, at least, complementary tastes of new drinks (like a delicious lime ice tea, or an avocado smoothie) appear. 
The waitstaff's English can be hit-or-miss depending on whom you get,  so it's always a good idea to include the number from the menu when you order. Learning a few phrases in Mandarin like "very spicy" or "not spicy" or "not salty" can come in handy.  Try Google translate if you're not confident in your pronunciation.
The atmosphere is spartan/hip/industrial with an Asian flare. Hip Chinese music plays at an appropriate volume.  Parking is free (best to use the indoor Target lot and walk down the steps.)  You can stop right in front for a pickup.  I live close by in Bala Cynwyd, and have found my pickup and Doordash orders hot and (where necessary) crisp. 
I'm really hoping for the continued success for this place. I don't know what I'd do if it weren't here.Great atmosphere, delicious food and excellent service.
My favorite was the crispy rice chicken.  It was phenomenal.  The cummin fries were really good as well.We got take out from here recently and the food was pretty good but the take out experience was a mess.
We called ahead and they said 20min. My SO got there after about 25min and they said the food needed another few min, NBD. 
15min go by and he asks about the status and the woman replies confused as if she didn't remember him. He had been sitting there the whole time. Then it seems as if the order was never even placed. 15min after that someone else places a bag on the counter and does not gesture to him and walks away. He goes up and asks is this mine and the woman says yes? Like she still is not sure. No apologies in any interaction.
So a total of 50min later and the food is ready. We shared the chicken in black bean sauce, scallion style pork, and the string beans. It was all tasty but we agreed the favorite was the pork! It was tasty and had well balanced sauce with fresh vegetables. 
Overall a 4 for the food and 2 for the takeout experience. I hope to update this with a better experience dining in!!1. We have been waiting and watching for DJ kitchen to open and we were not disappointed! 
2. The staff was super friendly and the interior was clean, soothing, and well done.
3. Good menu choices.. we went with dan dan, green beans, dumplings, and lo mein! The lo mein was really good and not greasy. 
4. Quick efficient and tasty! 
5. I like it more than han dynasty which tends to use a boat load of garlic chili oil.Great service ! Great ambiance and venue and love love love the food. Came in and literally felt like the waiters cared so much for me and every person in there for that matter. I ordered the general tso chicken and brown rice and it was great. I couldn't finish so they boxed it for me and I bought two shrimp rolls to go. I think I found my new fav lunch spot. Oh that's the thing! Lunch specials are nice portion and great price ! I also had a spring roll that came with the special.A bit pricey for Chinese, but the service was great and I found the food to be really tasty. We had the dry style wings - I think this what they were called, but not positive. We had dumplings, which were great. I also enjoyed the cheese ragoon. All in all it was a good experience, albeit a bit expensive.This was a great find, authentic Asian cuisine.  I came here for lunch with the family.  We had bubble tea, green tea with foam, hot green tea, General Taos Chicken, Singapore noodles, and their fried rice specialty dish.  I was disappointed that they didn't have the Smoked Duck, but everything else was good.Great atmosphere.  Personable staff and delicious yummy food.   Fresh fresh fresh quality ingredients.  Had the fish two ways and garlic beef.   Omg soooo good!   Great find.I want you guys to see the inside of this sesame chicken I ordered. I'm very disappointed. I mean I ordered the Spicy garlic chicken  before and it was good. I paid about 18+ tax for it. This time the sesame chicken was only about 9+ tax on the lunch special. Why is it that half of the chicken was actually chicken and the other half was this mush, I don't even know how they formed this. But it was flavorless and mushy. The sauce had good taste I guess..Smh so this leads me to assume the cheaper meals are like this here? Idk ughh?Too expensive, but food was good. It's was at the time of Covid. Maybe price gouging.This hidden neighborhood gem is hiding in plain view on City avenue. We drove by and decided to check it out. First of all, kudos to whoever put together the interior decor. It is beautiful from the ceramics on the wall to the textured metal tables and leather chairs. And the food? Delish ! I had chicken with black bean sauce and my daughter had general tso's beef. It was just the perfect combination of savory and sweet. A pot of green tea was fragrant and delightful. Service was professional and friendly. We will be back to try other items on the extensive menuMy husband and I live pretty close to DJ Kitchen and we've been curious about this place since we eat quite a bit of Szechaun. We were excited to finally get over to the restaurant. The inside was super cute, very modern -- it had a romantic wedding vibe with all of the faux greenery and Pinterest crafts. Our server was really kind! We ordered shrimp fried rice noodles, cumin style chicken, okra in sweet and spicy sauce and 2 brown sugar pearl milk teas. Everything was impressively delicious. We liked the okra and the bubble tea the most. These were items that we've never been able to order at any other Szechaun place. We enjoyed having new tasty items-- at least new to us. As other reviewers have mentioned DJ Kitchen seems comparable to Han Dynasty. We will certainly return!Fantastic service and delicious food! The fried vegetable dumplings were delicious, and the general tso's chicken was juicy white meat. The shrimp lo-mein was packed with tasty shrimp! A neat, modern, and clean interior design, with great service from our waiter!Great service and COVID compliant. No dining in. Order out only. Everyone enjoyed their fried rice but my general Taos shrimp had no flavor. Nothing spicy no bite more like sweet and sour shrimp. Again, everyone else loved the chicken fried rice and lo mein so I give them 4 but for me too many other spots in the city to try versus this being my go toNot the best experience ever. First time trying this place, ordered at 1pm and I asked them to deliver to my house by 3pm. They got to my house at around 5pm instead. The food was okay, i didn't particularly really like any of the dishes. The desert was great though, it made up for the food.High quality food at reasonable prices. I tried multiple dishes and they all taste very good. Owners are kind and the service is great too. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.One of my pet peeves is when people order a single dish for themselves at a Chinese restaurant. That's like going to Thanksgiving dinner and saying, "I'll have the stuffing." Chinese food is designed to be served family style; sharing a variety of dishes makes a well-rounded meal. 
My daughter's away for a few days so I took the opportunity to go for something spicy, but I couldn't find anyone to join me at 8:30 on a Monday night. I'd heard good things about this place, but being a bit of a Chinese food snob I've been dragging my feet. They were open, so I decided to give it a try. I had to order at least 3 dishes to have variety; I'll happily be eating leftovers for days. I had:
- Cumin Style Lamb - thin-sliced lamb stir-fried with onions and peppers
- Pork with Long Hots - shredded pork and long hot peppers stir-fried with bean sauce
- Stir-fried Cabbage
All were delicious and all ingredients perfectly cooked. Meats were tender and vegetables were crisp. Spicy without being too oily. The cabbage was a suprise star, simple but incredibly delicious. And the service was sweet and attentive. I will be back. Hopefully next time with friends to share a meal.Good atmosphere and friendly service. Water glasses were never empty, and the food was tasty and affordable. The portions they gave were good! They also have bubble tea, which is nice.Been here twice and the food has been consistently so good! The flavors of each dish have been perfect and all the dishes are authentic. The scallion pork and the pork belly cubes were delicious. There's not much Chinese food around the area so it's great to have DJ kitchen to be just as good as the restaurants in Chinatown. The service here is also amazing and the restaurant is very clean and well decorated. The waiters are all very nice. I'll definitely be coming back to DJ Kitchen.I sometimes panic when faced with too many new choices but when the wonderful waitress here heard me tentatively say the words general tso..she thankfully offered her recommendations. Delicious cummin style chicken and chili oil dumplings quickly made there way to my table. Extra spicy and decadent.  Excellent food and wonderful service. Highly recommended.i head about this place and, as a lover of Sichuan food,  had to try it.
First of all, it is nicely decorated and very clean restaurant.  We were seated promptly.  Staff were very intensive.
Food was excellent.  the Lamb with Cumin was the best I have ever eaten and the Dan Dan noodles and dry pot beef were also exceptional.
Was offered my choice of spice which was a nice gesture.
Overall very impressed.  Wil return.My family did chinese food for Christmas dinner this year, and boy was it delicious! We had sesame chicken, general tso's, veggie lo mein, shrimp fried rice, spring rolls, pepper steak and fried shrimp dumplings. Everyone enjoyed the food!Very good Szechuan food. Great flavor. Good portions. The household first choice whenever delivery is mentioned.Best Chinese restaurant in town! Food is absolutely amazing!I came in with my fiancé to order some dinner for takeout. Our drink order was backed up due to issue with the machine. I expressed mild discontent at this and they refunded me promptly so I could go home and enjoy the delicious general tso chicken while it's warm. thanks for taking care of that!!This place is a little tucked away and easily missed. It sits right along City Line Ave, and below Chipotle. Nonetheless, this place is worth your time to go to so you could avoid the numerous bad Chinese take out places in the area. The food is as authentic as it gets. A plus that they start delivering take out.This place opened recently. Looks classy and nice. The food which I ordered was too greesy. There was so much oil I couldn't eat much. I didn't feel good. It was expensive. I paid almost $20 for something I didn't even like it. I am attaching the picture of the food. You can see the oil all over the food/chicken.Best Chinese food in philly. 
If you like spicy food, this is the place! 
Very original Chinese food!The food is delicious and the atmosphere is superb!  I had an event here 3 weeks ago, the staff was wonderful and the manager "Jerry" was amazing!  He helped me coordinate my event there (at the restaurant) all the way from the west coast.  Go to this restaurant if you want good food and excellent customer service!Really good food. I had the veggie spring rolls (perfectly cooked) and the fried rice with pork, shrimp, and chicken. I forgot the name of the dish but I really liked it!!Too much oil in food
I have tried this place several times and my experience recently has not been good. I have ordered the fried rice and beef with broccoli which was good. But once I tried other things on the menu, everything had too much oil, little too no vegetables and lacking in protein. This is just too unhealthy compared to chinese American takeout. Should've gone to chipotle. 
Beware of these dishes:
The beef soup, regretful meal
The garlic sauce is just oil, no sauceReally good! The location seemed a little strange at first but we heard the food was good so decided to stop by. Glad we did! The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. The paper napkins were even folded neatly and placed on the plate under the chop sticks. We brought wine- Our waiter greeted us with wine glasses and water. We had veggie spring rolls, shrimp dumplings, scallion style chicken and garlic style chicken. All very flavorful and the garlic style had the right amount of spice. Waiter asked if spicy was OK and I'm happy he did but that's the way we like it. The service was really attentive and friendly and we appreciate that. He even went through the trouble to wrap our leftovers for us at the table and bagged it all up for us. Little hidden gem and happy to have stumbled across it.I came for lunch on Saturday. I ordered the fried cheese wontons! It was really sweet, which I love. Some might think it is a little two sweet though. I also had the double fry pork. It was pretty good. I was disappointed though. It felt like more than half of it was green onions. I ate all the pork and had so much green onion left. My friend had the  garlic style chicken and she had a better ratio of vegetable to chicken than I did. Also, service was pretty lacking. We waited a good while for them to come. We also got our dishes a lot later than people who came after us and they ordered more.Surprisingly good Chinese food given odd location.  Enormous menu including both American standards (lo-main, friend rice, etc...) and also some unusual items - bull frog, pig stomach...  Wife and I did the eggplant, a chicken hotpot, an aromatic friend rice, and egg drop wonton soup.  All were quite good.  Prices slightly on the higher end, but nothing out of hand.  Services was incredibly quick.  Food must have been out in 5 minutes.  Will return!On a Friday night, perhaps because it was also Full Moon Festival, this place was crowded! Luckily, it was easy for me to make a reservation the day of for a large party. It did take us a bit to get seated and even longer (45min or so) for our food to arrive, but the manager came by to apologize for the wait and gave us a discount on our meal. 
As for our food, I liked that it's very chinese, as in they have lots of dry pot dishes and use dried peppers and peppercorns. I got the Sour and Spicy Shredded Potatoes, which was decent. Compared to other places I've had this at, it was too salty and not enough vinegar; however, otherwise it was a tad spicy and the potatoes were luckily cooked perfectly. My friends, on the other hand, really enjoyed their food! This includes the beef and broccoli, the stir fried noodles, and the dry pots. Food is on the oilier side, but that's just how this style of food is. 
Another major + to this place is that they have a good amount of vegetarian dishes! 
This place also has boba, and I got the Original Bubble Tea and my friends got the Brown Sugar Milk. The Original Bubble Tea has a mild herbally flavor, but the boba is a bit too small and soft. The Brown Sugar Milk tasted better, and just perfect in sweetness too. However, it's a bit expensive for the smaller size. $4.50 for Original bubble tea and $5.50 for the brown sugar milk. 
Parking: Plenty in the shared parking structure in the back.The service is always good. I like the DJ kitchen because it serves authentic Chinese food!