This is the second time we ordered from drougies, first time hey everyone has a bad day .  Hell NO the second time the pizza was just a grease pit and the chicken cheesesteaks where dry, chewy and burt just awwwwwwwwwful food both times and got the nerve to be expensive with their food sorry there are better places like superior on rhawn cheaper and better food.ordered from this place 2 times, This is the worst pizza in Mayfair,m if not the entire city, 2nd time was a big order pizza and soups and sandwiches, I dont know where to begin, it was all bad soup was like something u get from a vending machine, I think the reviews for this place must be from friends and family.Food's pretty good but the draw is the variety of food you could get. It can be hard to eat healthy when ordering from a pizza parlor especially if you're not a salad eater but Drougie's has quite a few options including some really good panini. Their chickensteak sandwiches use to be good but in the last month its been real fatty. My mom loves their steakcut french fries. They also serve a giant pizza that you have to measure your front door to see if it will fit but I've found despite tasting good, most people only eat a slice of it.We have ordered from here and have always been happy with our order. This time there were a few issues. All the food was cold, quesadilla was soggy, and the crab cake platter was inedible. We only called and conplained about the crab cakes. The bag that it was delivered in was dripping with sauce and oil, and crab cakes were saturated in sauce and oil. They offered to bring us another platter. It was delivered over an hour later in the same inedible condition. Soggy and dripping in oil and sauce. I would think if there was something wrong the first time around, that they would package pasta and crab cakes in separate containers. We were told they don't give refunds. I don't think it is fair to have to pay for food that could not be eaten, along with the rest of the sub par order. I gave one star because no star is not a choice.Their Buffalo Chicken Ceasar Salad is AMAZING! I added the Cajun seasoning and It comes with some garlic bread which is GOOD too! I like their wings as well but, their mild has a sweet twang to it in case your not into that ... but it is not overbearing so I Like it!Just ordered from them via grub hub.  Chicken fingers tasted chewy and hit the trash, and the pizza was undercooked, soggy and gross.  Waste of 35 bucks.I don't really order from them much but when I do the food is okay. Today I ordered a few items and one of those items was a strawberry cheesecake. When I got it the cheesecake was watery and the strawberries were sour. Long story short, it was bad. For $3.25 I expect to be able to eat it and not for it to be spoiled.Yummy! Found a sibling of Big Daddy's pizza right on Frankford Ave! This establishment is affiliated with Big Daddy's (Welsh & Old Bustleton) and I am so happy to hear that. Excellent burgers. Boneless wings are awesome. Tonight I was just too pooped to cook so we got a double cheeseburger deluxe, an order of onion petals, and 12 Sesame garlic wings. The burger was oozing with cheese! The onion petals were enough for 4. The wings -- omg, I don't care if the sauce comes from a bottle. It was DEFRIGGINLICIOUS! I couldn't stop licking my fingers. Although I have already washed my hands, I can STILL smell the sweet spiciness on my hands. I will have to try their "calamari fries," as I need a fried calamari fix in this new neighborhood!
Give these guys a try. Delivery for a Friday night was SUPER DUPER fast, also!Pleasantly surprised, good pizza better than average.
Cheese fries were high quality. I look foward to ordering from here again.Pizza is very good. Counter girl is very rude, after taking my order and hanging up she called back to tell me "she wasn't done talking to me", when I apologized and asked her what else she needed from me she said "I was gonna give you a total" but she didn't she then hung up on me, I'm guessing she thought that I hung up on her so she wanted to do it back..lol. Then I was over charged $6 (yes it is only $6 but I shouldn't have been overcharged) when I called to ask why I wasn't rung up correctly they informed me I was not charged for the special that I asked for. And THEY DO NOT GIVE REFUNDS they can credit me next time for their mistake... I Had to argue with them for 10 minutes before they told me they would give me my money back. VERY UNHAPPY!!!!This was the go to place to order from when I worked at my last job. We never had any problems with the food delivery or our order being incorrect. The delivery guys were a little rude however. He redeeming quality was that the food was good. That's the one place that everyone could agree on that they liked. The name however is ridiculous and needs to be changed.The delivery price was reasonable, but they did not have the whole menu on grub hub. When I called the store to ask to add a side, she was rude and did not know what she was talking about. Then charged me a few dollars extra.
The wings were burnt to a crisp, had no meat on them. The fries were soggy. Overall terrible experience and would not order from again.I order from here almost every week--the delivery driver now recognizes me (I don't know if that's a bad or good thing!!!)
Like Stephano L said, the menu is ENORMOUS (largest I have ever seen), which in most cases negatively impacts the quality of the food, however I have yet to be disappointed with anything I have ordered here. Everything is always fresh and never tastes like it was made ahead of time and let to sit out.
What to definitely try:
*Mega Curly Fries - these are freaking awesome- whiz, mozz, bacon! My top pic for mega fries in the area and I have had just about all of them!
Cheesesteak stromboli is banging too!
They have a ton of daily deals and I think if you eat in you can get 2 slices and a can of soda for $2!"Owner/Manager "Christina" attitude towards the customer's is HORRIBLE!  She might own several restaurants, but she's not good at keeping her customer's happy.  She yelled at me for asking about a free soda, snapped at me for questioning the size of my salad, and cut me off harshly when I tried to ask simple questions.  I usually get good service from the husband or younger girl who answer.  Christina needs to stay off the phone and in the kitchen cooking the food.  Her lack of professionalism and manners does not represent this restaurant in a good light.  Every customer should be viewed as important, and money is money.  Keep happy customers and you keep your business running.  Anything less shows your ignorance and stupidity regardless of how many restaurants you may own.  So for you lack of good service,  Christina you just lost a high and frequent paying customer.When we first started ordering from here the food was great that's was about 6 months ago. I'm not sure if they switched cooks but the last couple of times we did order all I can say it wasn't what it use to be. I'm not gonna give them a 1 star but I know they can pick it up. Hope this is a motivational push they needMost of the fried food tasted burnt, the oil probably needs to be changed. Cheesesteaks were just okay...not terrible but we have definitely had better. Gave them a try probably won't order from there again though.So pissed. If I could give them a negative rating, I would. After living in Mayfair for a few years, I've learned what NOT to get from here. The wings suck, the sauce is horrible. The burgers are flavorless. The mozz sticks are sub-par. I used to get a spinach wraps with chicken tenders but they took that off their huge menu. I only ordered from here the other day because they said they had gluten free pizza on the menu and we had guests over that have Celiacs disease. After they ate the pizza, they had horrible stomach pains, threw up and had extreme diarrhea. We didn't put two and two together until we ordered another "gluten free" pizza today. After a long delivery wait, we opened the box and the pizza looked NOTHING LIKE THE PIZZA FROM THE OTHER DAY! The one we got tonight was obviously gluten free and the one from the other night was obviously not, which caused my guests discomfort and pain. If you didn't have the dough, just call us back and we would have ordered something else. LIARS! This is UNACCEPTABLE. You've lost this customer forever.This is the worst pizza I ever tasted. I'm not even sure if the pizza I order is it really a pizza or a huge cookie. It's very hard and dry.There food is sooo amazing you can't go wrong. I've had buffalo wings, cheesesteaks, and pizza from Drougie's and I have yet to be disappointed. My last order was for a 28" pizza which was Amazing and it fed 8 of us with plenty left over.  If your looking for a Great Pizzeria in the Northeast area Drougie's is the BEST!!!The crust wasn't as crispy as i'd hoped for a thin pizza.  Love the onion petals with the petal sauce!  I'll try again and ask for the pie crispy this time.At first, I was a little hesitant to try this place out because their menu is so massive.  Usually, the bigger the menu, the lower the quality of each menu item.  But I decided to go ahead and give them a try, and I gotta say I instantly became a fan.  For my inaugural pizza, I chose a small "Shrimp Alfredo" pizza, and it was DIVINE!  Soft, doughy crust topped with Alfredo sauce, thin slices of zucchini, red onion, shrimp, mozzarella and provolone... oh my!
The rest of the family had a small plain pizza and appetizer sampler, which we noted were of really good quality.  We also ordered the Reuben Stromboli, but that didn't turn out so well as one can imagine.  But all in all, we had a good experience.  I will definitely order from this pizzeria again.This review is not about the food because I didn't have a  chance to taste the food, this review is about how rudely I was treated over the phone! I told the women on the phone that I'm a new customer visiting from out of town but my children have order from there before. She first told me that they don't deliver here which I knew was not true then proceeded to put me on hold as if they didn't know what they were doing. Finally when I started to ordered I repeated myself several times. After receiving the amount I called back to question the $7 price difference between the menu (keep in mind my kids have an "old" and "new" menu from them with no differences) I wanted to cancel my order and was told I would get my refund for my debit card payment in 7 days. I then said that you should honor the prices on your menu and  she told me "too bad we aren't changing our prices because you're unhappy with the changes". And I said that there's plenty of competition and that was not a good way to keep customers to which she replied "oh well we have plenty of loyal customers." So "sorry drougies " I'll spend my hard earned money at one of your competitors! The only reason I'm giving 1 star is because there is no option for no starsThese reviews give this place a undeserved bad name. I order from here a lot. Their pizza is the best in the tacony/Mayfair area. They have the best buffalo chicken Stromboli I ever tasted! I am never disappointed when I get my food, usually try something new on the menu everytime I order. I wouldn't order from anywhere else.Awful, hot wrapper is bland and SOPPING wet, I lifted it out of a pool of liquid. The sweet potato fries are soggy and ice cold in the center. Money wasted and now I have to cook myself dinner because I'm not eating this.This used to be my go-to pizza delivery place. They used to use the perfect amount of sauce-to-cheese ratio, but recently something changed. I've had to order extra cheese on pizzas since they changed the ratio for some reason. 
I used to order here weekly for years, but the food keeps being delivered semi-burnt the past few months. The last time I ordered from them, the eggplant fries were actually black. When I contacted drougies I was told they do not do replacements or refunds. Kind of messed up that I never complained before and I had to pay for inedible food. 
Check out their grub_hub reviews and you will see I'm not the only one with the burnt food & poor employee attitude issues. Sadly, unless something changes I would not recommend them anymore.I just went to order food, and wanted to pay on card. The chick was writing my numbers down. When I told her never mind I don't feel comfortable with my numbers being written down she then said " machine is opened now I don't have to write it down. " I said never mind cancel my order and she laughed! And said ok bye. I will not be ordering from them ever again.Great service and prompt deliverly. The grilled chicken ceasar and the mega waffle fries are awesome.The salads come in two sizes depending on you appetite. Some of the wraps can be very hit or miss. Honey mustard chicken can be a game changer but like I said its very hit or miss. Drougies is by far the best pizza shop in Mayfair and i would recommend it.Took almost an hour for my delivery. Food was semi cold. Cheese fries had little cheese and fries were not fully cooked. 
Upset!!!7/1/17 - Just received our first delivery order from Drougies Pizza & Restaurant of two 18" pizzas (a white pie & one with onions & olives)  - VERY DISAPPOINTED with the mess that was delivered! The pies were a mess with all the toppings lumped into the corner of the delivery box. We tried Drougies on the recommendation of a neighbor, who I will definitely be hearing how bad this was. No more Drougies for us, that's for sure!Upside down pizza is the best pizza I have eaten.  Very consistent flavor and taste.  The sauce explodes once you take a bite and then the salty, chewy, tasty cheese comes right after.
This pizza is made superbly as my tastebuds become confused and delighted by all the flavors, textures and taste come together.
They probably have other good food like my cousin tells me, however the pizza is moneyBuyer be wear I open two cheese steaks and fries the order came up to 18.00 and some change when I look at my bank statement they charged me 37.10 they have some one there stealing money from people I had to dispute the charges because I refused to have some one take my hard working money from me I would never use a credit card there again people please keep your eye on this place? ..........I love the fact that they have breakfast sandwiches all day. They are reasonable, and fast. They are definitely with the time when it come to the technological day in age we are in. They have a computer based system where it would be almost impossible for them to screw up your order. Eat in, take out, and delivery are all at your disposal.I think it has a bad name makes it sound like druggies pizza. It taste like that honestly. I had one good experience and two bad. My chiropractor is across the street so when it's a huge line I have no where else to go. I won't be going again.ok as promise.
i love the mozzarella steak fries and the buffalo wing love it!!!! 
pizza its ok very very greasy  they need to work on that
so far so good .
over all i will eat from here again 
next on the list to try cheese steak :0)I have discovered a near replica of one of my favorite Wildwood, NJ pizzas here..
What is it you ask?
Boardwalk Pizza!!!
Fries, whiz and mozzarella cheese on a pizza = HEAVEN! 
Make sure to order it without tomato sauce.
It's only $11.99 on Saturdays for a huge 20"!!!We placed a Grubhub order for a large steak stromboli, mega fries, and pepperoni knots. The initial estimate was an hour, we received the order in half the time. The stromboli was loaded with steak and delicious. The fries and pepperoni knots were hot and crispy. Look forward to ordering again!I can't say anything bad about Drougies. I enjoy their food ,but my favorite is their pizza. It has that excellent cheese and sauce ratio on that nice thin chewy crust. My favorite is the Big Daddy pizza a whole 28 inch pizza.The other reviews don't sound like the same restaurant I just had dinner from. We ordered both buffalo wings and wing dings and they were OK, sauce wasn't great. The anti pasta Stromboli, again, was OK. The soups were awful. We ordered seafood bisque which was nothing more than a weakly flavored attempt at a bisque with absolutely NOTHING in it and the potato soup which was equally tasteless and thin (at least there we re potatoes in the potato soup). The pasta dish was advertised as grilled chicken, asparagus, cherry tomatoes and red onions dressed with garlic and oil. Once again a tasteless dish and no cherry tomatoes. Not even Roma tomatoes but winter ones UGH! Won't be ordering from Drougies again. The pizza may be OK but there are soooo many other great pizza places. Try them instead!!!Damn good slice of pizza! Crust is thin & chewy, sauce is delicious. Love how the cheese is slightly browned & the stripes of sauce on top. Nice touch! 
Special includes 2 slices and a can of soda for $3.50. Can't beat that.I ordered a chicken cheesesteak from here and it was the worst. they didn't put what I asked for on it when I ordered it. It tasted like it I was eating sand, that's how dry it was. ThenWorst customer service ever. These girls will have someone catch a case. Very unprofessional and so rude.the food here is awesome. you can use restaurant.com certificates every 30 days. ive had their salads, bruschetta, soup, hoagies and pasta. no complaints. your order is always ready on time. im addicted!!!!!!!!!Yeah, they're still pretty awesome. Tried a wrap and it was delicious. Chicken and bacon were cooked perfectly. Double cheeseburger platter was also ordered at this same time and was just as good as the other times ordered. This place is more consistent than their "sister" join, Big Daddy's pizza. Also, their pizza with extra cheese is really good.I always order pizza and wings from here. I must say every time it is delicious! I have tried different salads especially baby arugula salad was the best. I highly recommend to order from this place! They have a sitting area as well however most of the time I am ordering pick up due to time constraints.My go-to pizza delivery place. The pinwheel pizza is seriously huge and they use the perfect amount of sauce to cheese ratio.  The bread used for the hot sandwiches is fresh and I would recommend the mozzarella sticks and zucchini sticks - both are very tasty. I've also had the shakes which were delivered cold while the rest of the food is always hot. Very quick delivery.I have had this pizza twice and I have to say the veggie pie is absolutely delicious, I never had a complaint, maybe turn it down on the greasy part, but other then that it's fantastic.This never was my preferred place for repeat pizza order but I was told that the person buying wanted to try something new.
An order was placed for a pepperoni pizza and an appetizer.  The food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time but found out seconds after I closed the door, they never delivered the appetizer.
we immediately called and advised we are missing an item from the order and requested if we could just cancel. We were told there are no cash refunds. So, this appears to be a regular thing for them because it is posted on their online menu.
I am guessing they have a quality control issue as I've seen other reviews indicated food being bad to terrible With no cash refunds being the reply. 
The pizza itself wasn't terrible but it wasn't something I would actually intentionally order again.   The appetizer that was something unique and definitely something I enjoyed so I don't want to completely bash the place.  
When the appetizer arrived, it took about 30 mins for it to show up.  It was absolutely made fresh and it was very hot, which is never a bad thing.  Unfortunately, it has confirmed my theory that they never made it to begin with so the driver could've never turned around and just dropped it off.
There are tons of pizza places in Mayfair, most of them are not very good to downright terrible.  This establishment just joined the rest of the trend for the area.I have no clue how this place has positive reviews.  Hadn't ordered from here in a while, and now I remember why. The fried food is NASTY. Almost seems like it would take effort to make it this bad. 
Mozzarella sticks were so dry and the fries were the worst I've ever had. I'll stick to Pizza Roma, George's Burgers, and Renzi's. I drank a half a gallon of Iced tea to wash down this horrible food LOLWe like to order out once/twice a week bc our family is very busy. I was super excited when I came in to the area because the advertise and offer gluten free pies. I ordered it every week the past few weeks, and it is the best pie hands down without having to downtown. My only gripe is that I'm gluten free because I have celiac disease and although I have been calling and requesting I can't reach anyone directly to find out if they are going to continue to accommodate our demographic. Any foresight is appreciated.Good not great food and overpriced, check somewhere else to eat. The employees are on the doochey side too if you know what I'm sayin. I told the delivery driver next time my food comes cold I'm gonna slap the balls off you and he just smiled and said thank you have a good night.I would have given them 4 stars because I really like their pizza. It's the best pizza I have had in the area, and I have lived here for over 16 years. My daughter turned me on to it. The pizza is thin crust, not too saucy with just the right amount of cheese. And their ground sausage and pepperoni is absolutely delicious. The crust has a nice chew to it. But the customer service is AWFUL! The girls that answer the phone need a crash course on telephone etiquette and customer service skills.Large menu, better than average sandwiches, fast delivery, great salads and soup. Good Value!MEGA CURLY FRIES!!!!  this is definitely the go to!  I've never had anything bad here.  Pizza is awesome, steaks are awesome, fries are awesome, hot wrappers (even though I didn't even know what that was until now) is awesome.  They also have those really big pizzas that barely fit through the door of your average NE Philly Row home-- worth it! oh yeah and... MEGA CURLY FRIESGross.  Would give zero stars if I could. Had a pizza roll  and a  "hot wrapper". They were both bland and really soggy. Even the sauce for the pizza roll tasted funny. It's one thing if only one piece of your order sucks, but BOTH items? Ugh.Very good pizza and nice people. I mostly get the meal via delivery and I never had a issue. Was always fast, hit and correct. When I ask for condiments on the side or extra of something they always made conscious effort to satisfy my request. A great place...Ordered a pizza, well done, for delivery. It arrived so greasy, and cooked just enough to be considered done. I usually enjoy their food, but this was awful. Ate one slice, and felt sick from the grease.Food is usually pretty good I must say and I've ordered for about 6 years now. I've had no issues with orders until this past year. They've been messing up orders and sometimes the food is spilled or missing when delivered. For example today we ordered online.. They delivered a spilled Alfredo dinner and added a Pepsi to an order we didn't ask for. Little things like that brought my 4 star experience down to 2 stars.I used to love this place but since there's a rude teenage girl working there I won't go there again. The past three time I've  ordered this girl is so rude I wanted to cancel my order. The first time I thought maybe I was reading it wrong but the past two times its been absolutely unacceptable. It's like she's having a weird power war with the customer. She's been rude and unprofessional on the phone and in person. I love the food here and they're very fast but I'm not going to be treated disrespectfully by a tween. I won't order from here again and they'll continue to lose business as long as she's at the front register and answering phones. It's a shame because the other two teenage girls working there are very nice.Had a Buffalo chicken steak! It wasn't good at all the meat taste old. It was filled with meat and the fries were a lot. But the food wasn't good at all. New to the neighborhood so I'm trying a few spots. Probably wouldn't eat here again. Total was $11.02 reasonablerun from this dirty nasty food store! they have an app if you order your food will never come! then they have the nerve to be mad you ordered from the app they advertise like wtf to make it worst they never made my food and made me drive all the way to the store for a refund i will never ever go to this store againI'd normally switch around from pizza shop to pizza shop until I found this little Gem that's almost at the corner of Cottman & Franford. If a place can put out that much stuff on one menu (actually it reads like a little book) it's gotta be good. And they don't hire fat & ugly girls either. I think it's a require ment that if if you're gonna work there, you gotta be smokin' hot. Druggies is just like the women that he employs~smokin' hot !!!
    So folks, If you wanna pretty-descent hot pizza, stronboli, really good wings, & a lot of other high-in-chlosterol (but it's sooo-sooo good) food. Go to Druggie's.It's a mark above all the other 5,955 pizza shops on Frankford & Cottman Avenue area pizza joints, this place won't let you down. You won't regret it  folks ! The only thing that they could do a little better in is to hire their delivery drivers' from the U.S.A. & learn how to speak the English language, but just as long as I get my Druggie's !!!
    Druggie's out beats Pizza City & all them other guys that are nearby. I'm surprised that their still in buisness. Hey Drougie's~ You got myself as a customer for life !!! God Bless You All & God Bless The Good Ol' U.S. of A.The food is great when it's made correctly but you NEED better front end employees. They are the reason my order is wrong 90% of the time and it's become increasingly more frustrating having to call back and wait for my food to be made correctly. And the new girl knows absolutely nothing that is available on the menu which makes ordering with her basically impossible.Extremely disappointed, I ordered a large plain pizza it was cold had to warm it up in my oven, Don't Think I will be returning , Feel Like they gave me a pizza that was already sitting there , not satisfied smh ‍Asked for easy on cheese pizza. And I got this one! Disappointed!! 
Delivered on time by Grubhub, thank you !Just happened to be in this part of the city when my stomach was growling. It was a pleasant surprise to see that the pizza special still existed and even though it's more expensive it's still a great price. You get two slices and a can soda for $4.95. The pizza is fresh, flavorful and well seasoned. Thanks Drougie's for remaining consistent and serving quality pizza for a fair price!!!!Great food I have order a few times and the food has been on point. Just one problem 2 time I order the garlic knots and they forgot my marinara sauce but it won't stop me from ordering again.WHAT I ORDERED VS. (=) WHAT I ACTUALLY GOT:
Pepperoni bites= 1 thin slice of pepperoni, and some cheese wrapped in a fist full of dough,OVER baked. 
Sampler w/ a side of salsa= over cooked chicken tender, completely BURNED onion rings, fries, Jalapeño poppers and a side of ketchup. YES ketchup to dip my jalapeño poppers in. 
Sweet corn nuggets = extra crispy creamed corn. Total cost $19.85
After taking a bite of everything, I wanted to throw up. MAJOR FAIL!
I should have just walked to McDonald's with $7.My order total $75. 2 large pizzas,50 WINGS W/ 2 BLUE CHEESE?, 2 big sodas. My problem is if I order 8pc wings it will come  with 1 blue cheese. So I called back and ask for a few more blue chEese, we are having a party  and 2 little cups of blue cheese ain't gonna cut it. The lady on the ppl hone says sorry blue cheese are .50 cent each, so I say I just spend $75 on your food, so if 8 wings gets me 1 blu cheese, I feel asking for 3-4 more wouldn't hurt their pockets. So... never ordering from places like this, no wonder they only have 2-3 stars. FXck Drougies should have stuck with GINOS PIZZA!!!Best pizza I've had in a loooong ass time the broccoli cheddar soup was perfect and the mozzarella sticks was good as shit. WILL BE ORDERING FROM HERE AGAIN IM IN LOVEI used to be a regular faithful customer, then one night my husband got violently ill after eating a cheese steak. We stayed away for a few months, when we divided to give it another chance we ordered pizza and salad and this time it was my turn to be violently ill. Finally just this past weekend we had a new menu placed in our door and decided that since it had been over a year, that we would give them 1 last chance. We ordered 2 pizzas thinking "how bad can they mess up pizza" the crust was so thin that you couldn't pick up the slice,  the crust was soggy yet slightly burnt. And no joke, our daughter was up all night violently ill. We will NOT be returning. It's a shame because a few years back Drougies was the best place to order from. Order at your own risk.I ordered from Drougie's for the first time today using Seamless. I ordered a garden salad with chicken but when I received my delivery (almost an hour later) I noticed I had been given a Caesar salad with chicken instead - nothing but lettuce, sprinkled Parmesan cheese & chicken. It looked soggy yet ok, but simply not what I had ordered. I called to explain the mix-up and the woman on the phone was extremely rude & eventually said that she would send another salad over but I have to "give the salad that was delivered back to the driver." I called back and asked how long it would be for another salad to be delivered and I was told that "it's very busy" and "I have no idea how long it will take." So I opted to say I'll keep the salad but I will NOT order from them again & I will leave a very HONEST review. Also, the salad was indeed soggy and the rest of the food was bland. STAY AWAY !Quick service for takeout and delivery. I like the stripe style. They have the best special: 2 slices and a soda for $3.50. Great deal for lunch or on the go.If I could give 0 stars I would. Worst Stromboli ever. It looked good upon arrival but once cut open it became a messy ball of doughy mush. Never again.Would have given 5 stars bc I am a regular I order 3 to 4 times a week but ever since they hired that rude girl Jade I belive her name is... 
me n n husband are done tonight Saturday the March 7th will be the last yet again this girl try's time tell me she can't do this with a order which is funny snice they do it for me at least once a week but then again when I got there to pick my food up another man was complaining about her saying she's on her cell phone putting customers on hold they have 3 girls there and only 1 of them working the man said he called 20 min. Before to place a order and the girl rushes him off the phone which she does to me to maybe if she wasn't in a rush orders could be taking correctly lucky big bens uncle Charlie's uncle joes and apple pizza all have this same menu so we will now just drive to one of those locations it's been a good 2yrs with this place before they started hiring these young people that really don't wanna work and know it allDrougie's is one of me and my family's favorite pizzeria.  We usually prefer take-outs because our food is hot and fresh. Delivery is inconsistent, sometimes we get our food super fast, and sometimes extremely late even though we are literally five minutes from the restaurant. 
Upside-down pizza is one of our MUST HAVE. Whenever we crave for upside-down pizza, we have to order from Drougie's. If Drougie's is not available for any reason, we just won't order from anywhere else lol. Another fav of mine is sweet potato fries, I love that it doesn't have salt, u can call me boring, but I like my fries plain. Recently me and hub been ordering ravioli and stuffed shrimp from Drougie's. I love the Spinach Ravioli and hubby love the Cheese Ravioli and Stuffed Shrimps with Crabmeat. As for dessert, Tiramisu is one of our favorites from Drougie's pizza.
We didn't try everything on the menu yet. Here is what I find out, AVOID Charboiled Fresh Scallops, it got a weird stench and tastes extremely sour.Wow! Drougies is absolutely unbelievable. The food is excellent. The menu is huge which is great cause anybody can find something they like even vegetarians. They also have very healty items such as salads and wraps which are delicious.  Delivery was incredibly fast and so was pickup. Serice was great. Will def.. be my new favorite place.The food that I had order had a weird smell coming from it and it looked freezer burn. Called them as soon I received my order. They asked me what I wanted to do about it, I told them I just would like another order made that didn't have that smell and freezer burn on my food. Received my food after the place had closed it was well over a hour for me to receive a replacement order. When my replacement order arrived. The exact same smell with the exact freezer burn on the food. I would never order from this place again. Ticket number 201. NEVER ORDER FROM HERE!!!So disappointed... used to be my go to for neighborhood delivery. Now that this virus hit , supporting neighborhood small business was my intent as well as feed the fam. I ordered online, convenient. After an hour I called, the nice girl who answered rudely dismissed my concern to a rushed " sorry, it will be there shortly" and hung up. Another hour goes by.... nothing. I call... no answer. Literally called 6 times, no answer, it rang until the Verizon message came on. Sadly I sent the delivery guy away with the food, 2 hours and 11 minutes later. Canceled my 52$ card payment, and lost a yummy Stromboli spot for good. I wash my hands...This is my favorite pizza in the Northeast. Always fresh and cheap. The crust, cheese, and sauce is the best. The slices are large. I usually get 2 slices and a can for $3.50. What what...you can't beat that.  They even have a 28" inch pizza if you feel like sharing. Such good hangover food!Although their food is good I'd be very leery about ordering from them. I will NOT order from them again. I placed an order for pick up, they delivered it, It was the wrong order. Before I got home my son called to tell me it was wrong so I turned around and went back. They wanted the food BACK?!?! I said I would dispose of it, they said they HAD to. I asked if they were going to redeliver the food once it left my house. they stated they wouldn't do such a thing. So, to be safe I contacted the correct customer. They stated they were waiting for over 2 hours for their food. I told them they were sending their driver back to my house to pick up the food supposedly for disposal. I would not give it to them. The correct customer called me back a few minutes later telling me Drougie's called to tell them their driver was in an accident and that their food wouldn't be able to be delivered. I feel it is deplorable that they would have such practices. Beware. God only knows what happens to your food once it leaves that place.