I went here with some friends for some drinks. It was pretty dead when we got there, but it filled up fast. I had an ok, average experience here. Pianos were talented and funny, but overall this place is nothing to write home about.Good atmosphere during happy hour. Skip the food unless it is happy hour. For $8, I got 5 super tiny spring rolls with "cheesesteaks" with no cheese and ketchup. When I say tiny, they were a little over 1 inch long. Maybe they should call it a snack instead of small plate.No wonder this place is practically giving away Groupons for their food. We had a $30 food voucher, but nothing on the menu looked appealing. It was just your typical frozen, greasy bar food.
We ended up getting the pretzel bites, mozzarella sticks and two burgers. Pretzel bites were burnt and NOT SALTED! Mozzarella sticks were average. The burgers weren't awful, a great size for only $9 (with a side of fries) and at least they were cooked right.  
The 'dueling pianos' were just up to par. The guys seemed to have their stuff together and were talented, but were quite annoying. I know it's their job to get audience participation and requests, but they were pathetic about it. Maybe it was a tough crowd on the night we went. They played all the typical, cliche piano bar songs (scenes from an italian restaurant, hey jude, don't stop believing, paradise by the dashboard light and a handful of other songs that got the crowd going only because these songs are engrained in our brains to 'enjoy' live). 
Maybe it was our mistake of not requesting anything out of the ordinary, or maybe it was the $6 34 oz rum buckets that went straight to my head that forced me to want to leave as soon as we got the check.I love Howl At The Moon and this a decent substitution for that. You gotta give the piano guys credit for being so talented. Gets insanely crowded as there isn't much space. Seems to be a favorite for bachelorette parties.I walk past the joint everyday and had no idea it was there. I had to go here with my wife's friends who are from the burbs and whom picked the place. This aptly lowered my expectations. Even still, this place set a new low. I was told that when they tried to make reservations that there was nothing available. Later the Restaurant called them back and let them know we could have a spot. When we arrived we were the only people there. 
While we were promptly greeted by the server it was more of "what do you want to drink" and less of "here are some cocktail/beer/wine menus to look over while I grab you some water" No big deal. I asked for menus and we ordered and got our drinks. On the second round we got our wine in snifter glasses, odd but not totally terrible. Funny if anything given that 4 of us ordered wine and on the second round they ran out of glasses...and we were still the only people in the bar. 
We ordered some apps and asked when the pianist were going on since we had been there 45 mins and nothing was happening (the person that booked the reso was told the start at 5 or 6pm on Saturdays). We were told with a chuckle that no one gets here until 9pm. 40 mins later our apps came and we all ate our fresh from the freezer selection. 
During all this we were freezing, the ladies had their gloves on and even I was cold (I run hot so that is a rarity). I asked the manager when he came by what the deal was since it was legitimately 50 degrees in  the room. He said the heat has been broken since Thursday but don't worry because when more people get here it'll get warmer. Mind you, it was 10 degrees outside. When we left the manager and the hostess were shocked that we'd leave because we were cold. We went over to Misconduct and got warm had great food and drinks, then some folks went back over to this place around midnight. It was much busier and slightly warmer but still just as terrible otherwise.$10 cover which included a voucher for a watered down 6 oz mixed drink.  Probably could have been fun if we had been as hammered as most the patrons but since there were no tables available (although there were 3 open tables that had reserved signs) we weren't sticking around to find out.  Was some good people watching though.  People jumping up and down like House of Pain was on....except it was an Elton John song.  15 person congo line....at 8:30 at night.  Was basically a room full of people that are the first on the dance floor at a wedding.  If that's your scene then you'll enjoy Duel.This place was perfect!  I planned a bachelorette party for my friend and I would repeat the whole night in a second.  Kerry from Duel Piano called me right away to help with package options.  She even called me a few days after to see how everything went.  I made a reservation for 8 and we opted for the $55 top shelf open bar for 2 hours.  When we got there they couldn't have been friendlier.  We had 3 high top tables reserved for us and were told to order drinks from our server not from the bar.  There were 3 phenomenal piano players (shout out to Mickey B and his awesome girlfriend K who made us feel like regulars)  But each guy was fantastic.  So talented and charismatic.  We sang and danced all night until they were closing and we had to go.  The only tiny hiccup was that they were pretty busy and it was a little hard to get the server back.  But worry not, if you're a fast drinker or getting all you can out of a 2 hour open bar, just order 2 at a time :)  
Get a group together and get the package!!  Everything was included, cover, reserved seats, good booze, a round of shots, tax and tip.  It was so worth it to avoid the hassle of paying the check at the end of the night alone!  I picked lemon drops for our group and they came out in champagne glasses!  Chilled vodka in a champagne glass with a sugared lemon slice on the rim.  Made a great picture for a perfect night.  
Definitely check this place out!I really wanted to like this place. I have been to a few dueling piano bars and love them, it is just a great time. I think the bad experience that I had is a combination of this place trying to be something that it's not and and a couple of greedy pianists.
First of all, every dualing piano bar I have been to is jam packed with tables, this one wanted to also be a dance club, so there was a dance floor. The problem with this is that all of the songs speed up and slow down at the pianist's whim making it really awkward to dance to.  Not a big deal but that is my opinion. 
The bigger problem that I had was with the judgment of the pianists. They work for tips and I can understand if someone gives you $20 you are going to play their song right away. But these guys were stopping songs in the middle of the song, over and over and over. It turned into some idiotic contest between 2 bachelorette parties, where every 20 seconds the song was getting stopped. I was requesting songs (and tipping for them) but that all stops really quickly when the girl who just tipped a 20 gets her song stopped because another girl tipped another 20.  The night turned into a series of fragmented songs.  
The only reason why this review is getting 2 stars is because the other shift of pianists weren't that bad, they actually finished a song first.
Moral of the story, what happens when there is more than one bachelorette party in a bar? The bar implodes.I have been to a number of Dueling piano bars throughout the country, and to say that this is my favorite is an understatement. An excellent spot to take a date, but if you're feeling adventurous, going by yourself, I can guarantee that you will make friends just by singing along to the requests made by you or other guests. 
Howl at the moon has nothing on Duel Piano Bar.A coworker of mine was having her birthday party and I was excited to go because I thought it would be a change of scenery to the same ol' bday bashing at a bar or lounge.  I hadn't been to a piano bar before and I suppose the image I had in my head was somewhat similiar to a jazz bar where you can sit back with a drink in hand at your own private table and enjoy the show. However, walking in to the place you enter the bar area with a look  like many lounge scenes.  The drinks were terribly overpriced. The pianos and tables by them were crowded by people hovering around them, so there was not much chance to even watch the duel between the pianos. (Although the birthday girl did get to put in a request and they did a great job in playing it soon after and did it well )   Only other thing, even though there was plenty of room by the bar area, the bouncer tried to pull crowd control all of a sudden and wouldn't let people in our party in!  Although I had a fun night with my friends, not sure if it's worth another trip back any time soon.This place was ok.  My boyfriend and I love to visit dueling piano bars whenever we are out of town.  We went with 2 others on a Friday night.  I didn't balk at the $10 cover - we were in Philadelphia, after all.  The drink prices weren't terrible, but I've seen better.
The piano players were pretty good and entertaining.  We got there early, so some of our early requests were played, but once it started to get crowded, the only requests that were played were ones for $10.  The music is like any other piano bar - the same mix of songs and artists.  We ordered a plate of cheese fries which were delicious.  A friend found what appeared to be a bug in her drink and sent it back.  The waitress was less than thrilled and honestly could have smiled more throughout the whole night.  All in all, it wasn't a terrible experience, but I don't know if I would necessarily return.When I think of this bar there is only one word that comes to mind- STICKY!
The floors of this place are disgusting. Your feet will literally stick on the floor. Then when you go to the bathroom, there's toilet paper everywhere and the place is destroyed- the toilet paper sticks to your shoes, making you feel like the nerd in high school. Speaking of the bathrooms, the stall doors are only frosted, not solid. This makes it possible to see people in them. I guess that's added security for the bar but really?? No one wants to see a drunk girl bent over with her head leaning on the stall door while attempting to hover over the seat (add to that the toilet paper stuck to their feet and it's quite the sight).
The ONLY reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is because the piano players are actually REALLY good. But it gets really crowded (read: old city on a weekend night) and there are a ton of people that can't handle their booze. 
Best advice- go early when it's happy hour and not packed. You and your friends will have the place to yourselves and the prices will be cheap (and the floor probably won't be as sticky).Terrible service, piano player called me Lucy Liu (racist!) and never had the decency to play the song I requested. What a terrible person. Don't go here!!!!This may be the first place I have ever disliked enough to give such a negative review.  We tried to use a Groupon here, and it was unspeakably miserable.  First: the Groupon specified that it could be used towards cover, which it said was ONLY $5, and ONLY charged on Saturday.  They instead tried to charge us $10 a person for a Friday, and did not want to use the Groupon towards it.  The bartenders seemed nice enough, but the (maybe?) manager who spoke to us and the guy at the door both seemed to have no clue what was going on, and were very dismissive and unfriendly.  The music was painful at times, but they have a style and do well enough with it, I suppose- but the crowd was just so unbearable, we couldn't stand it.  We waited for about 40 minutes to hear back from the manager about if, even though they didn't want us to use our Groupon towards cover, we could do it anyway, since otherwise that was another $20 to hear music we are not really thrilled with anyway... but finally, completely miserable and pressed into a corner by the huge crowd of drunken, screaming bachelorettes and who-knows-what, we informed the (friendly and professional) bartender that we would be leaving.  Groupon was a dear and refunded our Groupon- but now there is another identical Groupon being offered.  DO NOT BUY IT!  IT IS A LIE!!  We went down the street to Chris' Jazz Bar and, after about an hour of recovering from our trauma, had a lovely time.So, against my logical thinking that this place sucks, I returned to Jolly's recently as my girlfriends from out of town wanted to go to a piano bar and unfortunately, Jolly's is the only one downtown....YET AGAIN, JOLLY'S CONFIRMED THAT THEIR PLACE SUCKS! I lasted an hour and couldn't take it anymore so I dragged my gf's across the street to FADO which made a world of difference, allowed me to get a miller lite that wasn't $6 and not see a 60 yr old man try to sing Lady GaGa. JOLLY'S, DO EVERYONE A FAVOR AND GET SOME PEOPLE THAT ACTUALLY KNOW HOW TO SING AND REMOVE YOUR RIDICULOUS COVER CAUSE YOUR BEER PRICES ARE AS SHITTY AS YOUR MUSIC!Went here last night after we had dinner elsewhere. There was a $10 cover which didn't include a free drink like some other reviews on here mention and it was a little steep if you ask me since the piano players are already working for tips. They asked if we had a reservation and we didn't so they said they'd check if they could fit us in. They could and did, but not sure why they said that because the place never filled up for the entire time we were there. In fact it never got more than 75% full.
Service was decent. I ordered a vodka soda. There was no soda in it. It was basically watered down vodka so their soda gun must be broken.
Now for the piano playing. Don't get me wrong, the guys know how to play and impressed our group with a wide variety of songs. However, our group was carrying their tips for the first hour of the night (which the piano players acknowledged to get other people to request songs and tip them) yet they insulted our song choices by asking if anyone else had a song request because they were sick of playing Whitney Houston and Meatloaf songs all night. That quickly depleted our number of song requests and tips. Additionally, they asked a girl celebrating her birthday to come up to the stage and stand there while one of the piano players stood behind her and made obscene gestures on top of her different body parts claiming it was "sign language." I get that the girl allowed him to do that but I can't believe they thought that was ok. Call me a prude if you want...
Lastly, we requested a couple more songs towards the end of the night which we waited a half hour to hear but they never played. Instead, their misogynistic girls vs. guys medley was the kicker so we left. Won't be back.I liked this place the first time I went there, but then the second time I went, I paid $20 to have "We are the Champions" for the Packers the day before the Super Bowl.  They waited over an hour to play it, then played two notes and said, "Forget it, the Packers f'in suck."  That is one thing and I guess you may think it is funny...but then you took my money.  What jerks. You also didn't need to drop the f bomb and make an already inebriated girl feel like more of a tool... The food also STINKS, service is slow, and the drinks are overpriced.  Try the Piano Bar on Arch.  Much classier and better bang for your buck.Um, no. We did not want to go to a chain piano bar, but we absolutely will make that switch after this. The entertainers can sing, but why would you in this place? They charge a cover before you can see that no one is in the bar and the bar and everything is unbelievably dirty. We will not make this mistake again...I've been to this place several times and have always had a blast.  The piano players are amazing and can play everything you ask!  They really get the crowd going.  For a truly, entertaining evening, this is the place to go!
I do wish they would add some more choices to the menu...some healthier options such as salads or at least a grilled chicken sandwich.I do not like this place. There's a cover. Food is overpriced. Drinks are overpriced. This place is disappointingly underwhelming. 
I generally like piano bars but the talent here is subpar. Not exactly crowd pleasers. Save your money, make your own drinks at home, and watch a youtube artist. You can sing as loud as you want at home.Wow! The music is fun and the musicians are impressive! On this Saturday night, the scene was bachelorette-party-tastic and the cover charge stinks, but its quite an experience!  And definitely a place to go with your wild and crazy friends for a good time!A place for over-40s dressed like under-20s to get trashed, flirt shamelessly, and belt out the oldies like no one's listening.  If this is your scene, enjoy.We arranged for a rather large group at Jolly's and got drink specials based on ladies night prices.  The bar was very loud but the music/entertainment was good.  The drinks were quite obviously watered down, I had 3 mixed drinks and didn't even feel buzzed by the end of the night.  They also had a few really sketchy looking people who would stand nearby just staring at the girls in our group (old men, not in a flattering manner).  I've heard their karaoke nights are good and I may go back for that, but it wasn't a great experience, just ok.I refrained from writing a review about my terrible experience at Duel and let my friend Sarah T. do the talking because I didn't want it to seem like overkill, but recently, the business has contacted said friend with the following request, accusing her of lies, and therefore, I must add MY two cents:
 "Hello, I read your review about duel and as a professional, Berklee college of music grad and pianist at duel who would continue to enjoy making a living, I am asking if you would consider either updating or removing your comment. Too many people actually use this site to decide where they want to go and as a result of inaccurate posts like yours, our business is struggling. The piano's can't be out of tune bc they are in fact electric keyboards that require no tuning, and though it is true on occasion we have a sub fill in for the better players/singers, it is not accurate to make your entire review about just one of the players there. I'd be happy to have you come in for free and watch the show when our A team is on if you'd like but please, for my sake and the sake of honesty, could you update or remove your comment? Thanks"
I'd never want someone's livelihood to suffer, but for the sake of HONESTY?  If you want to be honest, the singing at Duel isn't even the worst part.  Aside from all of the accurate statements made by my friend, the service was the worst I've ever experienced in the city.  Actually, I typically don't experience any bad service in the city... this was a first.
The $10 cover wasn't really a cover because it came with a ticket that could be used to buy a drink.  Three of the people in our group were not drinking alcohol, and so three of them (including the bachelorette) had a second drink.  I didn't even drink my "margarita," which tasted like 50% grenadine and 50% rubbing alcohol.  One reviewer referred to the drinks as cheap.  Excuse me?  I had an authentic margarita at El Vez hours prior that was half the price and DELICIOUS.
By the way, fun story:  my alcoholic drink was served to one of the people who weren't drinking and touted as "cherry coke."  It was so far from a margarita that it probably was confusing to the waitress, but serving alcohol to the person who ordered soda for very specific reasons probably wasn't the best idea.  
Anyway, at the end of the VERY short night, we were charged for two overpriced drinks, which should have been covered by the above-mentioned tickets, and the waitress' attitude was beyond comprehension.  One of us had to go around the table counting the drinks out loud about four times to explain that our table was served one drink for every one ticket, but she still only took one off the bill.  We should have known this place was a dive when we were an hour late for our reservations (we're not entitled assholes... Gay Bingo ran late), yet our table was still open.I went recently on a Friday evening and the place was beginning to crowd by 6PM. Sat at the bar and indulged in several of their signature drinks-only $3 during happy hour, as are barefoot wines, domestic beer, and a spattering of appetizers. 
The chips (hand cut and cooked in duck fat) would have been perfect if cooked for another minute or two. The bleu cheese slider and flatbread BBQ chicken pizza were both excellent. 
Lively music made for a great (and LOUD!) atmosphere. The pianists can and will play almost anything-from Frank Sinatra to Lady Gaga. If you really, really want to hear your song right away, a small honorarium will bump your request up on the list.
Surprisingly, the crowd was quite mixed, with a number of young professionals and a bunch of single older guys who looked like Jimmy Buffett devotees, hitting on every single-looking girl in the place (regardless of the age differential). You know, the same type of guys you'd find hanging out a dive bar on Bourbon Street. Given the New Orleans-type atmosphere, this felt normal and didn't seem to bother anyone-even the barely-21 year old girls getting hit on.
I would definitely recommend Jolly's to anyone in the Rittenhouse area looking for live music and a great atmosphere. Happy hour (every day of the week) is the time to go, as prices jump dramatically at the tick of 7 PM.So it's not nearly as bad as what some have said. The drinks are okay. The music is what's to be expected. It's definitely fun and entertaining. They do a little to much hamming up to the bachelorettes in the audience but overall a good, fun time.Jolly's is awful. The sound system is bad, the performers have ear-bleedingly bad voices, it's overcrowded, the bouncers are overbearing, it's poorly laid out and the crowd is largely comprised of Center City dudebros and trixies. Unless this sounds like an appealing description to you, I recommend spending your evening elsewhere.NOt commenting on their food and all CUZ THATS NOT WHAT I GO THERE FOR
The bar in general is nice, cheap drinks and the piano's are fun especially when they sing rap songs its pretty funny
Place is always packed when I go there and they have a cover after 8pm 10bucks but they give you a free drink coupon so it's not that bad
I like going here, the crowd is decent and I like singingalong with the piano players/singers and the rest of the people thereThe piano isn't properly tuned, the pianist/singer is singing out of key, and it seems that he is butchering as many classics as possible. Also, the acoustics aren't very good- they could use some balance. They seem to confuse volume with quality. Seems to be a crowd pleaser with people in their 60s and those who are very drunk. You actually need 2-3 drinks to only find the music "bad". Rating was lower before I had two drinks. Would give negative if I could. 
Please don't make the mistake that I did- do not come here for your bachelorette party. I beg you.Four is generous, but it's not a three. My alumni club had an event here tonight and that was cool. The bar accommodated us fairly well. Half priced apps (that the alum club picked up the tab for!) and those weren't great, but weren't half bad. The guac was the best of the ones I had. I felt the flatbread pizza was not very good. The spin-art dip was not very spinach- or artichoke-ey but still was tasty. 
The drinks are Rittenhouse prices. I am broke as all god but these prices aren't ridiculous.
The "dueling" pianos were more like "complimenting" pianos. I like my dueling pianists to be battling it out like a sword fight, but these pianists were just trying to keep each other up. Kind of a bummer. I did leave before it was crowded so maybe they don't really give it their all in the middle hours between happy hour and late night. 
It was fun, but I doubt I'd go back; it's just not my scene.Drinks were pricy, service was mediocre. We got here at 8pm on a Friday night and didn't have to pay cover or wait for a table... But it was memorial weekend and the place was EMPTY. There was a birthday group, a graduation group, and a bachelorette party. 
The pianists didn't rock my world with charisma or skill. They played a lot of slower songs... Overall, this does NOT seem like a fun, upbeat, social place to sing and make friends. Not sure I'd go back.Came to this establishment with a few friends after my friend's wedding had ended. Who can't resist alcohol and two pianos being played by very noteworthy musicians?! It was so exciting to hear modern popular music in piano form. My friend wanted to hear Billy Joel's Piano Man and both of them played the song as a finale for the night. How exciting! You can totally see how dedicated the pianists were performing to each of the songs. They both sang in tune and really knew their songs. Audience participation was super high and it seemed that many people knew all the lyrics too.
There were numerous tables by the front "stage" but many people were dancing to the songs instead of sitting and chilling. I was dancing my butt off and it was great LOL. Everyone who was there was having a blast! Beer prices were pretty average - a corona was 6$. Unfortunately, we didn't eat any food because we were still full from the wedding lol. I did see many fried food entrees though.
I came home back to NJ and decided to download all my favorite songs in piano form. Its very relaxing to hear and now its in my car audio system. :) So if you don't want to hit up a loud, dark club, come to the Duel Piano Bar! Super exciting and thrilling to be part of the audience!The only reason they are getting 2 stars is because of the piano players/singers who kept the crowd entertained. But we waited at least 10 minutes for any server to come take our drink orders. And then we waited over an hour for food that was just mediocre. We won't be going back.Let me start by saying the piano players were amazing. They endgames the crowd, played songs audience members requested, and we're very talented. They are what receive my stars. 
The lack of a high star rating is due to the rest of my experience. The food was not good at all. $12 for pizza sauce in two cups and pieces of pita, $6 for peanuts in a bowl of honey and bacon pieces. Gross. They really need to invest time into a new chef or new menu.
The ambiance of the place was also very confusing: one of the  World Cup semifinals was on a TV, Christmas decorations over the bar, NO A/C and NO fans (so hot and not comfortable at all), the bathroom was a mess with a door that looks like it was just put on with a slab of wood.... I could go on. 
I will not be returning, and its upsetting because I love places with live music.I actually wound up visiting this place after seeing $1 Miller High Lifes on my Happy Hours app while trying to get the fuck out of Yakitori Boy on Thursday after that Customer Appreciation Bar Disaster. They even have a $20 open bar 10-midnight, but, we weren't planning to drink that much. 
Didn't have food so I'll leave that there, but, everything thus far was good. The pianist Brian was great and was able to play all our requests, the place was clean, and the service was friendly. I'm surprised there aren't more customers with all of these factors. Will return.You have to know what you're getting into.  If you want a low key, empty place then you will not enjoy it here.  This is a party.  And it's just the kind of party i for one am looking for.  Singing, dancing, comedy all wrapped into one.  I'm amazed that some of these reviews say that a 10 dollar cover is outrageous when there is 3 or 4 live musicians performing.  That's the way it works for good entertainment.  And this is good entertainment. It's not a cover band just playing through their set list...it's a few guys who literally knew every request i put up.  That is quite impressive.  They sang a song for my buddy's birthday that was absolutely hilarious and all of the bachelorette songs they sang were funny too.  I'm not above a good penis song and some of these were hilarious.  If you want to have a rocking good time singing and dancing and laughing, then by all means this is your spot.What a thoroughly frustrating letdown of an experience!  Our party made reservations ahead of time so we would be sure to have good seats.  When we got there, our table was in the back, behind a pillar that was entirely blocking the stage from view.  The table staff was completely inattentive.  For the two hours we were there, she only came to our table twice.  She repeatedly got our drink orders wrong as well.  We had to catch a train out of the city, so we decided to ask for the check early.  However, the waitress did not come to the table for a half hour, and only did after we got her attention when she was chatting with another nearby table.  The check was split, but not correctly.  She overcharged our bills, charging us for drinks we did not order and double charging us for drinks on both parts of the split bill.  The waitress would not give back our credit cards until we resolved the dispute with a manager.  By the time the manager came to resolve the issue with us, we were running so late we didn't have time to talk with her about the bill.  We ended up missing the last train out of the city because of our waitress's poor and slow service, and ended up having to get friends from out of town to come pick us up.  It was such a shame that the service was so bad we were prevented from enjoying the pianos.  I would never come back to this place, its amazing they stay busy with how awful the service was.It's a cute concept but howl at the moon has them beat by a long shot. The food is awful, don't even try it. 
I had a groupon that was a gift from someone's friend and it wasn't even worth going that.I had the pleasure of having my 30th birthday at this location.  This was one of the best nights of my life.  We had a wonderful time and were taken care of very well.  This place does get crowded and they could definitely use more stalls in the ladies room, but that this the worst that I can say.  Make sure that you reserve a table, and you're sure to have a great time.  The drinks are amazing, and you must order the hurricane.  Special thanks to Kerry- if you are planning a special event, she is your go to!Cheap drinks. After 8pm you get a drink on your cover charge ticket too. Pianists are ah-ok but the singing turns into more of a jolly hollering as the night gets younger.Atmosphere was just okay. Nothing special. Felt it was kind of empty for a Saturday night. Paid 10 cover which includes a free drink. Left after 10 minutes.
I don't think it's worth it to come here when there is cover because there are better and stronger drinks elsewhere... I ended up giving my free drink away and went elsewhere.. Where there was a much better crowd.. There were 3 bachelorette parties while there and they looked bored.. Just saying this wasn't my cup of tea.. But maybe it is for others who just like to sit and watch other people.I found this place to be fun and entertaining. I didn't go here to eat so I cannot comment on the food. The bartenders are friendly and quick. There is no cover charge. The piano players are funny and witty. A couple of bachelorette parties going on so that was great people watching. As it got later (after 12) drunk kids would show up. From 10-12 it's more of my age.I went to Duel last night with a small group of friends for happy hour since they have some great specials. When we got there, a little before 6pm, we were the only people there, besides the 2 people working. In the bar's defense it was a fairly dreary night and the piano playing didn't start until 8pm. The drinks that we had were fairly strong, but the food was mediocre-- typical bar food. After we finished we headed out in search for any sort of crowd. 
We went back to Duel around 10pm to see if it had gotten more lively. We were maybe the third party there and soon more people poured in. The musicians were great! They played to the crowd and had most of the audience participating. They had some late drink specials, which were in theory great, but I'm not sure that there was much alcohol in the 34 oz bucket that we ordered. 
Overall, once there was a larger crowd in the bar it was a lot more fun! Not a bad plan to head there for a cheap happy hour, check out some other places, and then swing back to finish off the night!Fun ambience. Just don't sit on the lower level unless you are in a large rowdy party (birthday or bachelorette) because it's super loud. Food was good. Drink prices reasonable. 
Bring cash to request songs!This place was a huge disappointment. I went here with a big group of people and they charged each of us 10 dollar cover at 10:30 PM. And at a 10 dollar cover there wasn't even a coat check inside!
Once we got in the place was packed. Packed not in a fun way but in an annoying way. We had to maneuver through droves of people just to get a drink at the bar.
Once we got to the bar the drinks were very overpriced for the quality of the place. Not to mention no drink specials at all. 
That's not even the worst part. We had to hear drunken people sing along to the annoying "fly eagles fly" on repeat for half an hour. It was the worst music experience at a bar I have ever had. The piano performers were not talented at all. They just repeatedly pounded piano keys and their singing resonated into a drunken slur. It was as if I was stuck on the "it's a small world after all" ride at Disney world and the ride broke down.
So after about an hour at this place we all happily decided to leave. I will not be back to this place even if they removed the 10 dollar cover.
Good riddance Jolly'sI didn't think I was going to enjoy Jolly's, so I went to Monk's Cafe first to have a few beers (hoping it would make it more enjoyable). However, the $10 cover was a bit sobering. At first, I hated Jolly's. An obscene amount of loud, drunken women shouting the lyrics to Billy Ray Cyrus's "Achy Breaky Heart" greeted me upon entering. "Is this Hell?" I thought to myself.
With the help of a few more beers (dogfish at $5 a bottle), I slowly began to enjoy myself. It is ridiculously crowded and I had to hold my beer with both hands in front of my chest just to avoid accidentally groping anyone, but I'm pretty happy drinking beer and singing some Billy Joel.
Unless you are a big spender, your request is never going to get played. Most people were throwing 20's at the pianists for there request, which makes me regret turning down those piano lessons. It's pretty hard to get up to the bar (once again, accidental groping is very likely), but once you do, service is surprisingly quick. The bartender was able to make a long island in less than 30 sec. I give Jolly's three stars because the staff and piano players looked like they were really trying to produce a good time for everyone, but other than that it was just too estrogen-filled. I did go on a night featuring two bachelorette parties, so maybe other nights are less hormonal. If there was a manlier version of this place where men sing a bunch of Irish drinking songs, I would be sure to check that place out.We went here on a Saturday night to escape the sh*tshow that was Center City during Erin Express (we also may or may not have been thrown out of another nearby bar).  We grabbed a table in the corner and waited patiently until the piano players came out at 8PM. 
They started off with some classics and then told the crowd to feel free to make requests.  They really can play anything (Beatles, Meatloaf, Garth Brooks).  They played Toto's Africa and it made my night.  They love to get you up on stage if it's your birthday, anniversary, bachelorette party, first time successfully using a toilet, etc.  
Maybe it was just because my group of friends rock, but I had a blast at Jolly's.  The music was fun and the pianists really do interact well with the crowd.  We danced like jerks for the duration of the evening.  Go big or go home, you know?  If you really want to keep your promise to that ridiculous "Dance like no one is watching" wooden sign in your room, Jolly's is the answer.The only reason why I gave Duel two stars is because I thought the pianos were cool, and the guys playing them were talented and played to the crowd which was fun. 
I went to Duel last night for a friends birthday and everything was fine. The cover charge was weird but we got a free drink so that was like ah okay fine. Then as the night went on my friend wanted to get shots for her birthday so I put it on my credit card and opened a tab. After that I had about 3 beers which were $2. My friends around me were also ordering drinks, but never said anything about my tab (which I kept for just me). The entire time the bartender kept telling me that oh this beer is on the house, or when this creepy guy bought us drinks, he told us again that he really got the drinks. 
I closed out my tab and it was $60. Now, I was VERY curious as to why it was $60 so I asked seeing as my check wasn't itemized with what I bought. He told me that the shots were $8 a piece, so for five people that would be $40. With the beers I got that would not make it more than $50. I'm still really confused about this, and can't think of how it got up to $60. I wish the bar had an itemized list of what you buy and how much so you know exactly what you are getting charged for. Not having a list to me feels super shady. Though I am not accusing the bartender of purposely increasing my bill.
So in conclusion, prices for drinks are really high for what you get. Duel was cool but not $70 cool. I mean I spent $70 on a free drink, a shot, and miller high lifes. For $70 I wish I had better beer to drink.
I think the high prices for alcohol does not mix with the environment around you at duel. Which is why I probably won't go back. Or if I do, I am not opening up a tab.The concept seems fun but the constant hounding for money was obnoxious. Drinks are overpriced and I have a hard time paying a cover when the bar is dead. Also, the night we were there the heat was not working and the bar was uncomfortably freezing!Never return again....
!st: we live in Philadelphia and Jolly's charges a cover and makes people wait in a line outside when the bar is definitely not full....so not Philly fun!
2nd: while waiting on line, over a dozen people left and my friends (3 girls) and I continued to wait in the very front of the line for another 15 min while the bouncer was playing on his phone inside the door. the "wait" wasn't the typical 3 in-3 out...it was completely arbitrary
3rd: the piano men were horribly off-key (they should find the guys who played at the piano bar on 20th and arch and hire them immediately)
4th: we left and went down the block to have some real fun.
i am incredibly disappointed as the piano bar on 20th and arch is now out of business and this new one is a total dudCLOSED. Now open as a bar
Called 'The Tap.'  For dueling piano entertainment, go around the corner to "Howl at the Moon."This is my "go-to" place whenever I head to Philly.  The pianists are amazingly talented, the servers are friendly, and the drinks are fairly priced.  I always have a blast when I go here.  The pianists can play a wide range of songs, and have amazing vocals.  If you're going here for a special occasion - say a birthday or a bachelorette party, they will bring you up and sing you a song.I've been here twice. This place is always a good time. Wild, roudy, and fun. Just get shitfaced enough so you can't remember what you did. Like start dancing with a group of 50 year old women until they start undressing you like I did.Went there for a Bachelorette party and they wouldn't let us in!! This is even after the MOH called to see if we needed reservations for the 15 people who were coming.  And they were nasty!!!This place is kinda lame for a dueling piano bar. Lighting is way too bright, players usually don't have the attention of the crowd. Boo!!!Jolly's experience wasn't too 'jolly'
When I first heard of this unique dueling piano bar I knew that one day I needed to drag my husband downtown to experience it. Unfortunately, the experience was less than impressive and down right disappointing.  
Upon arrival we learned that there are apparently some management/owner disputes going on, which resulted in all the advertised cuisine on their website (and in the purchased Travelzoo voucher) and the LIVE music was a fallacy. 
Maybe it was because it was early - happy hour time - that there was only one visible employee on the floor. He was juggling the reception desk, the bar, and the guests seated at tables. Who knows, perhaps he was working the grill too which could be why it took an unreasonable amount of time to serve the limited bar food menu. 
Starting at 6pm there was supposed to be LIVE music, not a laptop on top of a piano connected to the speakers playing less than desirable music. And at 8pm when the dueling piano show was supposed to start, there was no pianists in sight.
All I know is that I was utterly disappointed and will never come back to this location or try the one in Morton.The bartenders are awesome and quick; if you order anything with vodka, be prepared for 90% vodka.  Schwing.  The wait staff...bleck...
This is an entertaining spot, but you clearly must love Billy Joel for this to be a favorite.  I enjoy the oldies but after a while I was having some severe Jamaica flashbacks with the older people warbling along to people imitating American Pie.  
Side note: I HATE JAMAICA.  So anything that reminds me of Jamaica makes me cranky.
But, I was pretty drunk and generally in a good mood (say word for bonuses!) so whatever.  It gets extremely crowded in there and people don't seem to understand "excuse me" when you attempt to get to the bathrooms in the back.
It is quite common to find a roll of toilet paper in the toilets because they are placed on the back of the tank...I actually contributed to one of them being in there later in the evening.  Very nice gentleman in the bathroom who was holding the soap hostage, for tips I understand, but dude...I'm trying to wash my hands...gimme the gotdamn soap. 
We were in the central booth and clearly looking to spend cash, but the server would come over whilst we were all mid convo - quickly say "anyone need a drink?" and before we could even let our breath out to say "HELL YES!" *poof* she was gone.
TWO TIMES we had to make a trip to the bar to get drinks, despite having a table?  Cranky pants in full effect.
Anyway, entertaining if you're in the mood for entertainment.  I recommend hanging at the bar if you are looking for drinks AND entertainment, but when we left around midnight, people were standing four deep.  Get there early, grab a bar stool and enjoy the show.
$5 cover, and they ask for your ID yet curiously have no interest in looking at it.  To get a song request, you have to put it on a piece of paper along with some cash.Had a great time! Had to pay $10 to get in on a Saturday night but they gave a free drink ticket with it. But not bad prices for beers. Would go again.We came by on a Friday night, paid our $5 cover, and walked into some enthusiastic singing (at first, I thought it was karaoke) - and once we were in, I had a great time.  The singers covered a range of music, but all were good sing-alongs.  There was also some good crowd interaction, which always makes a live performance more fun.  A fun place, particularly after you've loosened up and have fewer reservations about showing off your own vocal skills from the crowd.I liked the concept, but seriously needs a cleaning. Place was a bit dirty, but the drinks were cheap, service was decent, and the entertainment was pretty good. Couple of really creepy socially awkward guys that seem to be regular's but they seem harmless. I might give this place another shot.Overcrowded, smells like a frat house, the layout is horrible. I went in stayed for one drink after paying a $10 cover. After sucking down the drink as fast as I could to get out of there I asked if I could have my cover back since I was in there less than 15 min. I was told the guy with the $ was not there so there was no way to get the $. This place is just bad all around. Avoid it!Tons of fun! Piano guys know their stuff and are very entertaining. They are very accommodating to any request.  
Great drink specials.  We walked into one dollar Miller high life,  can't beat that.THIS PLACE IS CLOSED! 
I emailed the coordinator Kerry a few months ago and we exchanged a few emails. I recently tried to get ahold of her..called, emailed... nothing. I called the venue a few times and left voicemails. SO RIDICULOUS. I finally got an email from Kerry this morning "Hello - Sorry for the inconvenience but Duel is no longer open for business."
That's it. WOW. Terrible. Terrible. Terrible.
PUT THAT YOU ARE CLOSED ON YOUR WEBSITE, REPLY EMAIL, VOICEMAIL... SOMETHING!Came here a couple times because I had to and just kept thinking to myself "this is my nightmare...this is my nightmare!!!.." the whole time.  
Only solace is in making fun of the land beasts that belt out crap songs on a night out with their GirLz here.  Nothing against them having fun, I'd just rather not be around it.They moved to a new location on Locust, yet the place still seems too damn small for a pair of pianos.  While the atmosphere is very nice, it is far to pricy even for the city.
It can get loud, not that that is necessarily a problem, and there isn't much of a dance floor with a packed crowd.  FYI.... There is a $5 cover on Saturday nights (or at least on their opening weekend).I did not seek this place out, I was waiting to meet my boyfriend for dinner in the area, and just stopped in to have a beer.  Turned out to be a night when they were hosting a holiday party, but I still found a seat at the bar.  Was pleased to see they had Dogfish 90 Minute in a bottle.  Crowd and bartenders were very warm, and when the piano player started up with some holiday music, it was a great atmosphere.  Not sure I'd go here on purpose again, but if in the area, worth a stop.Went here on a Saturday night.  It's conveniently a stones throw from the 15/16th PATCO stop. It was very crowded for a small place.  It took a little bit away.  Should be double the size with double the seating.  Besides that, this place does it well.  Didn't have any food, but didn't notice anyone ordering anything besides drinks.  The drinks were good with decent specials for a Saturday night.  The drinks were really strong...which is great for my pocket.  The guys on the piano are really good, and they do it all.  They played all 4 songs we requested, ranging from BSB to Elton John.  I'd come back again and didn't mind the $10 cover as it went to 1 beverage purchase.I'm a sucker for piano bars. I admit it, I love drinking and singing along to Billy Joel and Elton John covers, with Sweet Caroline thrown in more than once in an evening. I was a fan of the old Jolly's, because although it got obnoxiously crowded at times, I thought it was a cute, fun space for something a little different. 
This new Jolly's, however, is much too big. The focus is no longer on the piano players (who were hoarsely singing off-key when I went), and they are now relegated to playing background music while middle-aged people drinking and flirting shamelessly take center stage. And a $5 cover for this rubbish? Meh, I've experienced better.Music is good. That's about the only thing you can say. Bad drinks and service. Toilets and sink are stopped up. There's a pool of pee in men's room. This could be a good bar. It looks like a prime candidate for bar rescue. I guess this is why the bachelorette parties that can get into howl at the moon come hereDuel Piano Bar has some interesting entertainment that is a change of pace from other bars in Philadelphia. It's pretty fun for birthday parties and the performers take requests for songs. They also try to involve the crowd into their show. Beer selection and prices are average for the city. Not a bad place to go to have a change in atmosphere from other bars.Came for Happy Hour on a Wednesday as part of an event.   Great priced drinks ( $3 Blue Moon) and a sampling of some appys.  I agree with all other posters:  Guac was good, sliders had too much bread and flatbread pizza was average.  The event I was a part of seemed to be a large part of the Happy Hour crowd, so not sure what it would be like otherwise.  Bartenders were great, attentive and professional.  Only one piano player showed up, so no duel while i was there.  I would return to witness some fun piano dueling for sure tho!I was at Jollys on a busy Saturday night.  The place was packed until about 1am when the crowd started to thin out.
The guys that were playing were very good. I didn't think I was going to enjoy it but I found my self singing along most of the night.  There were several bachelorette parties and the girls were going nuts.  I think there were more girls in this place then guys.  
It was very tight inside for most of the night.  Just waiting to grab a drink at the bar was like returning a punt. If you can stand a large crowd you should give Jolly's a try. 
They do have a raised area for private parties and a bunch of tables but you don't get much space.  
The eye candy is fantastic!Very talented piano players but that's all I have to say that is good about this place.  Was there last night for a girls night out, prepaid $35.00 for two hour open bar that included beer, wine, vodka drinks and gin and tonic.  Website says well liquor not just vodka and gin.  Drinks watered down.  Service was bad, seats were ripped, bathroom disgustingly dirty!!  Won't return or recommend.I'm sure the piano players were really good, but it was too crowded for me to even enjoy myself. No place to sit unless you get there early enough and even standing room is scarce. To be fair, me and my group went on a Saturday so that is to be expected. We arrived after 8 and there was a 10 dollar cover with a free drink ticket. If we didn't pay 10 dollars to get in the door we probably would have left because the place was just too packed. Bar food was acceptable. Typical bar food, nothing special. Drinks were also nothing to write home about. They played some pretty good songs though and when it got less crowded near the end of the night, we started to enjoy ourselves more.Entertainment here gets all the stars. The musicians are talented and for the most part know how to work a crowd but the this vs that song (men vs women, Irish vs Italian etc) type of crowd tip fishing got annoying. 
When we walked in the service was disorganized, the room was hazy like it was a smokers lounge and all the furniture is in a very sad state.
Friday night and there was no drink specials and no list of beers or what if anything is on tap.
I was told they had a full bar and could make just about anything and we managed to ask for something they were out of because that is how we roll.
The food was average to poor and took a really long time to appear. 
The aforementioned furniture was in all sorts of states of disrepair. My chair half the upholstering was hanging off, which from my glance around seemed to be the state of the seating and our table was epic drink spillage wobbly.
I went to Jolly's at its original location long ago and far away and it was by far a better scene.Went here for NYE. Very impressed. Well organized, maintained. Great bartenders. Good apps and choice bar. Nice NYE treats... Hats and noise makers. I will be back. Piano players fun.I am very eager to write this review so that I may share a horrible experience that happened to me this week and explain why this bar was given 1 star. 
The owner, dave, or whatever his name may be was drunk and belligerent the night I came. He was consistently touching me (patting me on the back, hugging me) when I was trying to talk to my friend and I asked him to stop. He then told me to leave the bar. It was as simple as that. He was seconds away from being hostile and throwing punches at me. After leaving, he followed me about 2 blocks and would not let up. I have never had something ruin my evening the way this did.
I have heard from my friends' experiences as well that his daughter who works at the bar will not serve them drinks for 20 minutes even when they are intentially signaling towards her.
I don't know these people and hate to have to degrade them this way but I feel that this should be made known to the public. It is a shame that the family that owns this establishment will eventually lead to it's own downfall if they think they can act arrogant to people.Went here based on the groupon deal, and to do something a little different on a Friday night with a friend.
Apparently based on the bouncer and one of the singers, it was their slowest night of the summer.  But I still enjoyed it - the singers were entertaining and quick on their feet.  We also missed the main singer who was off that night.  I would definitely recommend this for a group of friends, as you can request the songs, and the singers get the crowd involved.
Food and drink-wise: boo - my friend got a margarita that just tasted like cranberry juice, we got apps that were just typical fried bar food, not impressive.  We switched to their house white wine, which was fine.  I will definitely go back.Duel is definitely not high on my go-to list of places to get a drink and have a good time, but a group of us needed to kill time and decided the piano bar would fit the bill nicely.  We walked in and the place was empty except for one or two couples sitting at the bar.  A hostess stopped us and asked if we had a reservation.  It seemed silly at the time because of how empty it was, but as the place filled up, it made sense that they didn't want a non-reservation group to take the table of someone who actually reserved one.  
A chalkboard sign on the sidewalk and the giant sign inside the front door told us that on Saturday's until midnight they have $4 Pinnacle vodka drinks, but when I ordered my drink, it cost me about twice as much.  It didn't even occur to me that I had overpaid (we had already had a few drinks elsewhere so I was a little buzzed) until I overheard the bartender telling someone else that Pinnacle drinks weren't on sale.  Someone in our group told her about the signage everywhere and she corrected the drinks that were on tabs, but it was too late for me so that peeved me.  It also gets insanely crowded, to the point where I was being literally pushed off of my barstool by drunken strangers behind me and that didn't make me happy.
The guys on the pianos were really good, though and that's why Duel gets two stars instead of one.  They have great voices and are really funny and they would be the only reason I would come back here.After an early dinner, our friends INSISTED on hunting down THE dueling piano bar and after a spot of a walk---here we were.  Ummm, ridiculously, ridiculously crowded.  Seriously?!?!? My friend had to go to the bathroom so I followed her in a serious effort in an attempt to make our way to the very back of the place.  The dueling pianos were going strong in the middle of the back area as we squeezed and pushed and ducked and shimmied our way to the unisex bathrooms.  Bathrooms were nice, surprisngly there was no line. Hmm! Then we had to make our way back....
Again the squeezing, pushing, ducking, and shimmying back from the bathroom.  We only made it about half-way but this was prime viewing of the entire scene as well as the Elton John--Billy Joel face-off that was going on.  I finally had a chance to look around and counted at least 4 separate bachelorette parties and wait! is that a napkin for an 80th birthday party celebration I see?? Ohhh yes.  This place rrrranged in age from 19 to 90.  Very special.  After about 3 minutes though and 4 sips of my rum & coke later, I just couldn't handle the crowd much longer.  We all made our way to the front of the bar near the door where we had a lovely little chat with the bouncer and witnessed a fascinating run-in with a quite irate waitress and a seemingly pleasant gentleman from New Jersey.  Hmm! This place is full of entertainment! We however all finished our beverages and BOUNCED--give the long line of people waiting a chance to also squeeze themselves in.