I was in the mood for BBQ, so I stopped by Dwight's not quite knowing what to expect.  Well, Dwight's was pleasantly surprising.  I was in and out within 5 minutes taking with me a slab of pork ribs, yams and macaroni and cheese.  I got home and dove into the goodies.  The ribs were tender and meaty; the sauce had just the right amount of heat.  The yams and mac and cheese were decent.  I will be going back soon to try the brisket!!!Great food, but the line was too long yesterday. I waited 30 minutes for my food, but worth it.I have been getting take-out there for years and have always enjoyed my meals. Yesturday, I got watered down sauce on my ribs.  The Worst. I guess the recession has got the best of them too.I have to give this place 5 stars just so everyone knows the food is delicious.
Yes, the service is abysmal. Yes, you will wait 40 mins or maybe more. Yes, you will encounter bad attitudes from the workers.
But this place has THE BEST BBQ AND SIDE DISHES IN PHILADELPHIA. PERIOD.
If they have cornbread stuffing, do yourself a favor and get a large order with some gravy, because it runs out quick.
Even when this place doesn't have what I want (like when they run out of stuffing), I'll try something that I've never had before and it's always delicious. Their food has never disappointed me.
Don't come here for the experience... Just come for the food. And hope you get it in a reasonable timeframe. 
If you ask me, it's generally worth it.This place has totally gone down hill over the last few years. They serve you left over ribs if you buying them during the day. They reheat the ribs from the night before.Best barbecue I've ever had. It's all about the sauce. Never had a bad experience at the broad and gtown location.This has got to be the worse Bbq I have had. The ribs were dry  and tough and they tasted as if they had been pre boiled. No bbq taste at all. I have been there before but Thought I would give them another try.
That's it for me.Love the chopped beef and everything else is pretty much fantastic. This place is the real deal and we come here every time we visit Philly.Food is awesome!  The service blows.. Someone complained on how slow they where and one of the workers just smiled and decided to go even slower. .The best souther bbq in the state, & Elaine is the best & Dwight is always looking out for his customers...ThirnJust grab a pork rib platter with Mac and Cheese , yam for the Eagles game ..go eagles !!They food is pretty good here. I've tried the wings both barbecue and fried, pork ribs, turkey wings, and salmon. All of the meats are pretty good. As far as sides, the Mac and cheese has no taste, the yams are really sweet ( I don't like yams being too sweet but if you do you'll enjoy), the cabbage is good, and the salads are meh, but the veggie rice is delicious (my go to side here). Overall the food is pretty good to keep coming back and the prices are reasonable. The service is ok depending on who is there that day. For me the problem were other customers. The other customers made the atmosphere uncomfortable considering that I am Asian getting soul food. But I've learned how to avoid that by phone ordering and picking up the food so I can be in and out. Ps try their cakes! My favorite are the strawberry cake and the sweet potato pie.The food is amazing. The staff is welcoming and accommodating. Clean, friendly environment. I recommend that anyone wanting good soul food, bar b que, ox tails, chickens, dessert, ect.... Stop by for yourselves and see what good Southern Food is all about.I use to love there food ok prices.. But the last time I went there and never again.. i ordered some BBQ chicken wings. I checked my food when I got outside because it was crowded as usual. There we feathers all over  my chicken..smh So I went back in got my money back they offered to exchange but im cool. that proves to me they dont take the time to clean there chicken and im fineRibs were undercooked and very tough. Spareribs are tricky to get tender.  Tried it for the first and last time. Wings were pretty good howeverI'm a huge BBQ fan so I was excited to try this place out.  At first I was a little skeptical.  At most legit 'cue places, you can smell the smoke  from a block away--not the case here.  Also I spotted a number of wholesale-sized sauce jars hanging out where they prepare the food boxes.  Bulk sauce usually isn't a great sign.  At this point I was prepared for a disappointment, but their food did win me over.  Here's the breakdown...
Meat:  Overall pretty solid.  It seems like they grill the meat over direct heat as opposed to the true Southern "low and slow" smoking method as there isn't a distinct smokiness to the meat.  Despite that minor infraction, the results are good.  I get the half slab of pork ribs.  They come with a nice, crispy char on the outside.  In true Philadelphia style, you get the spare ribs with the tips still attached.  The ribs are meaty and the tip portions contain a lot of fat lending tenderness to the meat.  Slightly chewy just as they should be.
Sauce:  Hard to describe.  It's not the thick tomato-based sauce you see frequently around these parts.  Another reviewer said it was watered down, and I'd say it almost has a sweet&sour consistency.  Despite that, I love it.  The hot sauce has a nice blend of sweet and heat and makes up for the lack of smokiness in the meat.  The heat doesn't overpower the taste at all but leaves you sweating a bit towards the end of your meal.  They give you a ton of it allowing you to mix it in with your sides.  I firmly believe that sliced white bread was invented for sopping this stuff up.
Sides:  They have some winners here.  The mac & cheese was full of black pepper--just the way I like it.  The collards seem like they were cooked in some grandmother's kitchen--slowly simmering for hours with lots of pork fat.  They were not bitter at all.  The candied yams looked really good, but I prefer to get a slice of sweet potato pie for dessert.  The pie looks like it could be homemade and tastes fantastic.
You can find much better BBQ in other parts of the country, but Dwight's might be the best I've had in Philly.Food is really good! I got the ribs and chicken platter, which was delicious! Will definitely be returning for great food.Workers are rude,I called my order in,when I got there they said the food I ordered was gone an there was no more left,Smh like they could not have told me that over the phone, this is a business right, very disappointedFood is awesome,  everything is good and that BBQ is some of the best I've ever had. Wait times can be a bummer, not for folk in a rush.The service is the worst. The staff is rude and ignorant. Everyone moves at a snails pace and acts as if your bothering them. The sides are bland. The ribs are tough and overpriced.The food is great but the service could use some improvement! I had turkey wings mac and cheese and greens!The food is amazing...I love the cabbage, the ribs, the greens...the BBQ sauce is great....the macaroni and cheese is too salty! Salt is not a substitution for ample cheese and quality seasoning! The owner is really nice! However, you will encounter some attitudes. One of my friends told me about the Turkey Wings- and I asked for a sample of it and the worker told me no. However....I saw him give samples to the girl before me! Guy with a large beard...I avoid him! My friend and I came in and people came in after us and we're served before us. Other than the service.... I like the place.This place was highly recommended to me and I was really looking forward to it, but was a bit disappointed. The BBQ sauce was delicious, but my chicken was a bit dry. The portions are huge. The mac & cheese tasted like something out of a box. That is was disappointed me. From other reviews I expected to get some homemade mac & cheese, but not even close. I'm still willing to give the Lancaster spot a try - I see they have better reviews.I just called to ordered Ribs,potatoes salad and collard greens. EASY ENOUGH? I told the man who answered  what I wanted and please put sauce on the side. Got the order home and had sauce dripping eveywhere. The greens had enough sugar in them to send you to the hospital with diabetic shock. Who puts sugar in collards? He told me they only had small potato salad. How about selling me 2 smalls? He did not even ask for my name. The ribs were covered with tasted like molasses. Threw it away because my dog would not eat it. This used to be a number 1 place for soul food. Now, they don't  care. They hire minimum wage people who don't give 2 shits about  what they hand you. Go to "just to serve you" up the pike. You will be disappointed if you want really good prepared soul food prepared with some southern pride. They are there too long and think people will buy any of their nasty sugared food because the poor people of the neighborhood has to eat what they serve.Well this place is a bigger than the one on Lancaster and they have more menu choices. All this means is that this is alot more crowded than the other one. Still no chairs or tables so don't expect to relax and wait on your food. Plan for at least a 40 min. wait and if you do plan on being ahead of the game by calling first and picking your food up, plan on still having at least a 10 or 15 min. wait at the very least.I really hoped to give this place a raging 5 stars after seeing the photos online; however, this is potentially one of the worst experiences that I've ever had at an eatery. From customer service to derive delivery, they have missed the mark. Walking into the establishment, customers aren't greeted by the staff. The ordering process isn't streamlined, so you have a multitude of hungry customers all shouting, "I'm next". After placing your order, you wait 25 minutes for your food to be plated into a carry out container. Shortly thereafter, you wait another 20 minutes for your name to be called to tell you that your order is ready, and another 20 minutes for the now plates food to be bagged, followed by another 12 minutes to have your transaction completed. Meanwhile, you observe the staff walking into the building from outside, at times back and forth to talk to friends or regular customers without washing their hands before going back to handle the food. I am thorough displeased with the lack of social responsibility portrayed by this organization. I'd give it no stars should there be an opportunity to do so.The best time to go to Dwight's is Lunchtime service is quick and usually I am in and out within 15 mins.  I have yet to get a bad platter from THIS location.  The Ribs are phenomenal, (I really think it's the sauce)Love this place!  The food is very good.  Love the owners also, if you experience a problem with the workers being rude, just ask for Dwight (the owner) or his wife.  They will correct the issue.  On the weekends you may have to wait a little bit but it is so worth it.  Best BBQ and soul food.Ok , Lets start with Dwight's is nothing like it use to be.  I was  waiting for the Holiday  weekend to come to only be disappointed driving from The airport area. 
I got a platter with sauce on side which is odd I usually BBQ sauce on my ribs and to top it off there was only 4-5  pieces that was over cooked
, no bread , and still missing greens after waiting 25 mins only item that was good was macaroni reason for the 1 star. 
The  meat use to be  falling off ribs and they were  not stingy. Platter would last for at least 2 Days. 
Not sure what is going with management or  if there has a recent  change to scale back but I will  not return and will not  recommend this place. 
Sad that there is no other other good BBQ spots in the area  which is explains why  service is not like it use to be at Dwight's. 
Looks like I have to go back the Reading terminal Amish stand.This place SUCKS... Smells better than it taste, cuz we all know the smell of bbq is enough to get you in the door. It is NOT the old school spot it used to be. They're in business only cuz ppl still gotta eat, and it's a ton of foot traffic walking by... This ain't your pop's bbq, not your uncle's, not your neighbor... Save that taste for the next cookout!I'm starting to feel like a regular here. As usual the food is on point! BBQ chicken wings fall off the bone and that BBQ sauce should be sold on its own. The collard greens were delicious. The only downside to the platter was the Mac and cheese. It was hard and dry and missing something. I'll get the candied yams next time.The best ribs in town and well worth the wait antisapation is keeping me waitingThis use to be a good place back in the day There use to be an older blk Woman @ the cash register
That's the only time the staff acts right. Lately the young men stand in a huttle. Are unprofessional 
Rush you off the phone and then get your order wrong 
Jus went back tonight Mom wanted ribs.    New young guy didn't listen first thing he said was he listened closely :-(. To busy rushing me off the phone.  I won't be going back for a very long time
Just tired of paying my money for half ass service
And lip service when u get it all wrongif your looking for a quick meal this is your place, but it does get crowdedSince my cheesesteak cravings had already been satisfied, I decided to try some Philly soul food at the suggestion of my friend. I'm so glad she recommended this place. The food was delicious. I ordered macaroni, jerked wings, and greens. The macaroni pan was about half dull when I ordered and by the time I got my food, they were bringing out a fresh batch. It was the perfect blend of noodle as cheese. The cheese wasn't overpowering, which I appreciate. The wings were more like jerked baked wings but still good. The seasoning was tasty but they didn't have that grilled texture. The greens were flavorful but not salty. The only thing is they cut them kind of wide and I prefer my greens cut thin. The reason I gave this restaurant a 4 and not a 5 is because the physical logistics of it were off. For example, the restaurants cash register was deep back in the kitchen. You hand your money to the person through the kitchen door and then they go in the back and put your order in and bring your change back. For a small, popular place, it's not a seamless 
Process at all. I guess you have to be from Philadelphia to understand how ordering works.Dwight's is currently doing curbside pickup, you can call your order in at (215) 225-6030 or place your order with one of the staff members that are outside tending to the customers. After placing your order it's about a 20-25 min wait and I believe that they're only doing cash only right now, prior to COVID-19 they accepted cash and card payments. The food is great and filling I never finish it in one sitting. With each platter you get 2 slices of white bread, which isn't pictured because I don't eat white bread I opt for an additional side of cornbread.
I eat here often and I would definitely recommend it.Amazing choice I made last night, baked salmon, baked Mac and cheese, my friend had the same but with candy yams, and was his face priceless. Somewhere I'll keep going too. Food was amazing.Where is Management!
I just left Dwight's after having to wait for over an hour.   I arrived at about 2:30  in the afternoon (Sunday 8/18), to hear they just sold the last of the cooked ribs(pork).  Aside from the employees that prepare the sides Fred(that is the name on my receipt) was the only employee who came to work that day and had to take the orders, make up the orders, cash out and in between had to cook the ribs.   There were customers who had come from Jersey, Bensalem, West Norriton, etc.  who waited because they had traveled such a distance.   The wait was an hour for the next batch of ribs.    I am giving Dwight's 1 star because management should have been there to help with the slack of employees.  I want give Fred(whoever was the lone worker this day) 5 stars for working his a** off.   Dwight's if you continue to manage your business this way you are going loose customers which translates to money lost and ultimately a lost of business.I really want to support  black businesses so here goes. In support there is no reason why I ordered a meatloaf platter at 6:30 pm and you dont have it ready by 7:50 pm. The portion were small, the food was Luke warm. This was confusing because you work from a steam table. It seems you all can't keep track of your orders. What you need is a website  where customers can place and purchase their orders, that is connected to a POS system that will feed the orders to the cooks. This will allow you to monitor the time it takes you to complete orders. Once you start to see the problem I believe you will fix it, plus the fact that you will be able to increase your profit by so much. In the current state there is no reason to eat here, I'm not going to wait outside in August over an hour for soul food served from a steam table, that comes out cold. Did I mention almost 20 dollars for takeout meat loaf is expensive, especially when taste like a leftover to begin with.Man dwight's is a black owned business I go here to get some good bbq because it's to my crib if I dont feel like traveling elsewhere.  But they can't go wrong with their bbq wings platter with signature sides like yams and greens and macaroni salad.  The mac n cheese used to be so great but they changed cooks on the mac side but you can definitely sample certain sides if you're not sure about it. They whole chickens and half chickens. Pork ribs but I dont eat pork for like 15 years now but they also have beef ribs but they dont have as much as meat as the pork ribs so i suggest you get the pulled beef rib sandwich. I like there spicy bbq sauce always good. They also quarter leg bbq ginger sauce chicken which is good. Oh i can't forget about there cornbread stuffing which good. They also have meat loaf which is tasty and big turkey wings in gravy. On the menu on the wall on the right they have shrimp alfredo and chicken alfredo...the shrimp is pricey. The mac was good last time, just ask for a sample because it's always different.  I wish they bring the cook back for the mac. All in all good bbq to be in north Philadelphia. This spot is legendary because one day I got off of work and two doors down is was a strip club which is now closed. About 5 strippers came in to eat some food lol , I was so shocked but good bbq here...This restaurant has some of the best BBQ in town! The food here will have you coming back weekly for more and more. The quality of the food is very good and surpasses many local restaurants. They could improve their efficiency when preparing orders. Sometimes the staff will play with each other or talk about something personal which often times slows the operation down. Overall, good place to eat.Dwight's southern barbeque 2 is not safe as far as food is concern.The very last time I was there a mice ran from out the kitchen.It seems as though L &I are always finding violations there as well.It's really a shame.Not sure what happened after not coming for abt 3mths I found out they definitely fell off .. all the workers standing around on a week night .. food was definitely not what I'm used to .. seems like they need a new cook .. my mad and cheese was just Mac and burnt cheddar toppings .. one positive thing was my order was actually ready for once in the time frame they quoted .. I guess they don't have any customers anymore ...No delivery,  they don't even answer the phone.  We're in a pandemic, for the life of me I don't know why this establishment doesn't use a delivery service like uber eats,grubhub, or doordash.I had the bbq ribs,mac and cheese,potato salad and greens.  Where do I start?  The mac and cheese had cheese,but it was basically yellow noodles with cheese.  The greens were good and I would definitely get them again. The ribs were above average and the sauce was everything and made the ribs above average for me. Potato salad was the best thing I had and loved it. I will be going back because I tasted my daughter's yams and they were good. I'll try the chicken next time and the tuna mac.Went down hill 100%. They should just close down and stop wasting people's time and moneyThe service here is horrible. I waited to have my order taken for a half an hour only for the worker/owner to be rude and obnoxious to me. The store is very unclean and unkept and this was the worst experience that I have ever had in an establishment. I would not recommend this place to anyoneThe food was not worth the 1 hour wait. I don't mind waiting for food, as long as it's good. I went on my lunch break so I wasn't able to eat the food until I got off. The chicken tasted like dish liquid was on it, there was very little cheese in the mac and the green beans were soggy. And I called 3 tines and never got an answer! Needless to say, I will not be eating from this restaurant again!I've eaten BBQ all over the country. Some great. Some good. Some overrated. The ribs here are the best in the tri-state. Only because my dad moved to GA. North Jersey nope, South Jersey nope. What make these ribs so good. They taste like home. The ribs fall off the bone tender with just enough chew. Not over seasoned. Always consistent. You get two choices of sauces. Hot or mild. The chicken wings are also very good for those that don't eat pork.  The sauce for the wings is on the sweeter side. The side offered is the standard soul food fare. They can be hit or miss.
The location might be the reason these ribs aren't world famous. To put it nicely this area is still waiting for gentrification. Recommend.I recently lost a few pounds and what does a big guy do?  He celebrates with a rack of ribs!
I have been eating at Dwight's for years and I enjoyed many a good meal there at both locations, but yesterday I ordered a Rib platter from them and it wasn't up to par.  
Sadly the Ribs were very tough and I felt like a wild animal in the Jungle ripping the flesh of my catch of the day.  There are certain situations when the locked up beast deep inside needs to come out of me, but this ain't one of them.
The sauce was just ok,  but too sweet for my taste. 
The baked macaroni and cheese was absent of flavor and a quality cheese, and the collards were full of mostly tasteless stems.(I discard the stems when I prepare them at home)
The food was not cheap so I can't understand why they cut corners like too many stems, poor quality cheese,  and not cooking the Ribs long enough to be certain that they are off the bone tender.
I  did however enjoy the tuna macaroni salad,  it was very flavorful. 
C'mon Dwight's,  get it together,  I want desperately to keep in my winners circle.I totally loved the food. I ordered the barbecue wings with  two sides Mac and cheese and candied yams. I never really buy soul food, but I was with someone who wanted some. 
I usually stop at my brothers restaurant when in Philly, but unfortunately he's not open on Sundays. This was he next best thing. 
This location is takeout only. The food took quite a while and eventually I found that we were waiting for fresh Mac and cheese. I was totally cool with that because fresh is always best. 
I'm sorry I didn't get a picture of the food. I drove all the way back to Maryland before I even opened the food. When I got home it was delicious. The Mac and yams were perfect. The wings were smoked and cooked to perfection. I probably ate that platter for about three days. It was more food than I'm used to eating. 
I will try the other location next time. I hear that one is even better! I'm not sure how to get better, but I'll find out!Came here on a weeknight after a long unpleasant day, looking for some food to fill me and make me smile. I came in, no problem with parking, no crowd inside, I hadn't preordered, so I order while I was there, the guy helping me was nice, patient, suggestive. He checked before inputting my order to make sure they had what I wanted. I ended up with a whole chicken platter rice and Mac n cheese as a side and a turkey wing platter with greens. Everything came out in decent time, I didn't wait too long, which is good because they don't have chairs. I paid once I got my food, which I guess is considerate.  The girls and I dug in once I got home, they said the chicken was good, the piece I sampled was a little on the dry side, but I'm not a white meat eater and the sauce on the side came in handy. The turkey wings were good, nothing really stand out about them, I can't quite put my finger on it... All in all it was a good meal, not bad on the price either, service was good too. If it was in my area it would be an option, but it's not and I don't see myself driving out of my way just to stop here. For that reason idk if I'll be back, but who knows.I stopped by there today and ordered ribs, greens, and tuna salad. The ribs had to be at least two days old!  They were as hard as wood but the greens and tuna salad were good! I had not been there for decades and was seriously disappointed by the food served there today! I will never return again!Let me first start by saying the food here is delicious. It's a no frills takeout spot. There is no seating. The baked BBQ chicken is delicious. I ordered a baked chicken wing platter with Mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. It was fantastic. 
On the other the hand the service is SLOOOOOOOW. I waited between 30-40 minutes for my food bc one of the cooks forgot to put chicken in the oven.  If you're in a rush I definitely would chance coming here because you never know what your wait time is going to look like. If you have time definitely stop by. I would have given it for starts if not for the shaky service. The server did give me an extra wing for my wait.Tried Dwight's BBQ one time a couples years ago & I was disappointed. Recently I decided to give Dwight's another try and I was pleasantly surprised !!! I order the bbq wing platter with Mac & cheese and collard greens, it was so good. It taste like someone grandma was in the kitchen putting their soul in the food foreal. When I'm in North Philly visiting, I'll be sure to pay Dwight's another visit..I'm giving this place one star just off appearances. I didn't get any food because it was not appealing. The mac n cheese looked dry the string beans over cooked the cabbage,which was mostly the white part of the cabbage and no green leaves looked soggy. Sorry gotta step their game.