Yummy and from what I've heard, pretty authentic. Def a great place for dim sum and spicy foodSpicier than Han Dynasty! But... still not spicy enough :P But I love their fried meats, and it's pretty cheap! It feels much more like the Chinese restaurants I'm used to, so it's really comfy, no pretenses. They seem to have a karaoke room as well, although I've never checked it out.
I know there's a huge debate over whether E Mei or Han Dynasty is better, and they both have loyal followings. However, it really depends on what you're looking for, they have different specialties (and you'll find that even among the different Han branches). So give them all a shot and figure out what you like best from each, so you know the best place to got to to deal with your next craving!Hot sour mung bean noodle was great
Ma Po tofu was great
Dumplings were average
Generals Tsos wasn't very good. Idk why I can't find great general tsos anywere in Chinatown 
The hot and sour soup had good flavor but only a tiny bit of meant and one little piece of tofuI was here a few years ago and was disappointed with the not so good food.   I have to say that this restaurant has completely turned around.  The food is authentic and amazing.  This food in my opinion is even better than Queens. Of course, you have to be able to eat spicy food and like the Sichuan flavor.I love this place. Typically order beef with long hot pepper. Plenty of spice for meal and I find myself craving it from time to time. Staff here is nice and attentive. I want to come back and try the hot pot one time, but have no idea how it works.Pretty sure E Mei is my fave szechuan restaurant in Phl. I've been here for hotpot, dinner, lunch, take outs - so so good. In fact, I'm writing this review because I suddenly remembered their ants-climbing-a-tree dish at 1am (glass noodles and ground pork and that all spicy yumminess) and needed to remind myself to return for that! 
-Hotpot is great, stock is authentic, better than the other generic hotpot places. The portions are huge too. if you're the type of person that doesn't seriously gorge himself/herself, this will probably come out cheaper than AYCE places, and tastier from the fresher ingredients 
-So many of their dishes are solid: ma yi shang shu, west lake beef soup, chongqing fried chicken, ma po tofu, twice-cooked pork belly, even the salted vegetable and duck soup, when I was craving some of those communal light soups for the table. one of the things i haven't tried is the wantons in chili oil, which IMO is one of the best indicators of a szechuan restaurant. I'm looking forward to trying it next time! 
Service is good, attentive. Food is probably pricier than other Chinatown joints, but you're paying for the superior quality + service + cleanliness & spaciousness of the restaurant. Great for longer meals and conversations.The more menu items we try, the more I fall in love with this place. I am devastated that we're moving to Delaware County and won't be able to get take-out from here anymore.
The veggie lo mein and pork with hot green peppers have both been added to my usual order of Chongqing chicken. I'm also a HUGE fan of the pork dumplings with spicy chili oil. The chili oil comes with a ton of garlic and ginger in it, and it's just to die for.
As you can probably tell, we have leftovers for days when we eat here. We just can't resist ordering all of the delicious dishes so we end up having a lot of leftovers.
I will miss you, E Mei. I will miss you :(chinese chicken nuggets. braised pork belly. everything here is great. you really cant go wrong, unless you start ordering all the american chinese food like beef n broc or sesame chicken. but then again that stuff is probably delicious as well.I never had szechuan style cuisine in the US before and I am so glad that E Mei was my first! The food there is extremely authentic and spicy! The owner and waiters treated us like we were the only customer there when there was almost a full house! 
At first I was very nervous due to the spiciness and oily of traditional szechuan style food, but I was glad the owner helped us order and give us a great balance of flavor! 
We had a spicy fish dish that was BANGING! And a smoked duck dish! Holy cow was it amazing! 
Definitely highly recommend checking out the place even it's in the dead part of Chinatown!I came here on a Monday, didn't make reservations but got seated quickly. I got the beef tendon. It was around 20 (including tip and tax). I also got a sprite. The dish itself was around 16. It was a decent sized plate, enough to feed two but I decided I could finish it myself. Super Spicy!!!!! Flavor was really good. I'd recommend coming here if you love spicy food like extra spicy!Staff was friendly and fast. The drinks and food arrived quickly. I was looking for food with some spice, some heat. Unfortunately, neither of my dishes really had any. 
Looking at the other reviews, most people seem very happy with the flavors and spiciness of their dishes. . 
Maybe my friend and I just got unlucky today.Ambiance:  This is one of the nicest establishments in Chinatown.  There are booths lining the walls of the restaurant and big round tables in between.  The décor is simple but nice.  One of the big drawbacks to the booths is that the back-support is shared between booths and every time you or the person behind you shifts, the back-support wobbles back and forth.
Service:  I always get a smile from staff once I enter the restaurant and it makes me feel right at home.  The waiters are always kind and helpful.  They never make me feel rushed and I feel comfortable asking questions.  Probably the best waitstaff in Chinatown!  Sometimes on weekend nights the waiters can be hard to flag down for further assistance.
Food:  The food is consistently good.  The quality of ingredients and flavor are always good.  While some things are a little expensive, this is no different than any other restaurant in Chinatown with comparable dishes.  The kung pow chicken is great, beef and tripe is yummy (though not as good as Han Dynasty), the cold appetizer spicy chicken is a favorite, the spicy fish filet is great, the sautéed squash is a delight.  Every time we go, we try a new dish or two and are happy with them.  While we continue to order our favorites, we are always confident in trying new dishes from the menu.
Overall:  A definite must try in Chinatown!  Spicy and flavorful dishes made with quality ingredients in a nice space.
Pro - tip 1:  They have an intimate banquet room that is in a separate room and has karaoke capabilities.
Pro - tip 2:  This place is BYO!!!大城市的好处就是，川菜大都是正宗的...好有家乡的感觉...如果多两个人陪我又可以多点两道菜了...水煮鱼稍微淡了一点点......下次会要求加辣！中午人少，吃的很舒适！I used to go to Emei for dine in and takeout very often. Except since two weeks ago, my friend and I ordered frogs from this place and both of us had diarrhea after having the food. Not planning to go back.At my peak I was eating here 3 times a week. But my friends began to protest after a few visits and lamented how their bellies suffered. Drama queens, those girls. 
This is absolutely my favorite restaurant in Chinatown! Overall, the food is consistently delicious but one particular dish continues to bring me back despite gastrointestinal challenges--spicy oil is not kind to your digestive system, my friends.
THE GRILLED FISH. It's fresh tilapia grilled to perfection, submerged in spicy oil and served in a deep rectangular dish. Sprinkled generously over the fish is an assortment of vegetables (fried potatoes, mushroom, green peppers and bamboo shoots), peppercorn and hot peppers. I usually request to add enoki mushroom and daikon, because they add incredible flavor and the daikon is delightfully crunchy! The dish is usually devoured within minutes and I must fight to stake what's mine. My friends complain after they finish eating, but during the feast, they too are completely under a gastronomic spell. Just thinking about the fish has me drooling a bit on my keyboard...
Some other dishes to try:
1. Spicy Fragrant Fish Pot. 
2. Pork with Dry Tofu
And shout out to our favorite waitress, Yuki, who is endlessly accommodating.Fine restaurant, love the 水煮肉片 (literally water-cooked meat). Only suggestion to any potential customers is to ask them not to add MSG; the first time I came here I made that mistake and didn't feel too well (pretty sure it wasn't the food, I just have a general reaction to MSG). But the next time I came by, I remembered to ask and haven't had any problem since. CASH ONLY!This place is overall pretty great. It's a great atmosphere and they're very quick in bringing the food. I try to go here with my friends at least once a month. There's no question that they've got great food, but you REALLY have to communicate to the waiters to tone down the spice - sometimes, it's so ridiculously hot that it's impossible to eat (I'm Indian, and I can tolerate alot more than the average person).
My suggestions: try the cumin lamb, the steamed dumplings, and the chong qing chicken.Excellent service.  Huge portions. Unbelievably fresh ingredients.  If you're looking to treat yourself,  look no further.Service was excellent!
Food is amazing! Certainly a favorite from Chinatown. Clean and tasty.I've been passing this place for many times, but I never bothered to check because the sign was unimpressive, and the outside looked so old. Today, After visiting this place, I admit: I was ignorant and biased. I'm sorry, E Mei. 
My mom and I really wanted to try Chinese hotpot. As usually, I looked up Yelp and this place popped up. So I thought "why not, let's try."  Although the outside of the restaurant was sketchy, the inside was much larger and probably one of the cleanest Chinese restaurant I've ever been. 
The food was great. The broth was a tad salty, but I think that's because we kept boiling the pot until we finish the meal. All the ingredients were great. I was especially impressed by the beef tripe, beef and oyster mushroom. The beef was properly seasoned in starch. The portion was more than enough and the price was reasonable. Also, I saw a lot of Chinese having lunch there, so this place is legit.
What really impressed us was their service.  I don't expect much from a Chinese restaurant, but they really exceeded our expectation. The manager was really friendly and attentive, not just to us but to others as well, whether the customer was Asian or not. He wasn't just commanding people from his high chair. He would actually get up and serve the guests. The servers were sensitive too - getting to you even if you didn't call them out and knowing what you need.As a Chengduer, I have to say the dish here is still not transitional Sichuan style. Only the boiled dumpling with hot oil has the favor I remembered. Other dishes are all American style.Food was just okay. My husband ordered orange chicken, not good. Sauce is thick and chicken is just to breaded for his tastebuds. My Chicken and broccoli was tasty.This restaurant is very very good at what they do! Service was very attentive. Food was very good and price was fair. We went in a party of 8, and each ended up paying a lot less than 20 for a lavished meal! We ordered family style: sesame noodles, dan dan noodles (no surprise there, pretty good), chicken with pepper in country style (rich delicious sauce), cumin lamb (YES MUST GET), mapo tofu (mediocre), dry pepper cabbage (great vegetarian option), chongqing spicy chicken (a crowd favorite), double cooked pork (amazing as always), and jumbo shrimp in garlic sauce (just okay). 
We will definitely return!Let me start by saying that I have eaten my fair share of Sichuan food in Philadelphia. On the higher end of the price spectrum, I've compared and contrasted several dishes at Han Dynasty, Jane G's, and most recently Dan Dan. On the lower end, I've explored the menus of Szechuan Chili, Red Kings 2, and now E Mei. After trying all these restaurants, I can say confidently that E Mei is not the best Sichuan restaurant in Philadelphia, but it certainly is at the top of the charts in its price bracket.
Proving that passion for food is all it takes, two petite ladies ordered the following:
Boiled Dumplings with Hot Oil
Plump wontons in hot oil. While the pork filling was nice and savory, the hot oil lacked flavor and spice. I can't really complain too much though because this dish was free with check-in!
Hot and Sour Seafood Soup
The hot and sour seafood soup is uncharacteristically white in color, most likely because E Mei uses a mild clear vinegar rather than the typical strong dark vinegar. While I definitely prefer the latter, I still enjoyed the subtle taste of this soup. However, there was no actual seafood to be found. No lump crab here -- rather, thinly sliced imitation crab.
Chongqing Spicy Chicken
Mmmm lightly battered chicken deep-fried until crispy, then stir-fried with dried red chilis and fresh scallions -- is there anything about this dish not to like? The answer is no. This is a must-order dish at E Mei.
Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce
Similar to Chongqing Spicy Chicken, this is a classic dish that must be ordered when at a Sichuan restaurant. While I did not notice any faults with the cookery, I was disappointed by the absence of numbing peppercorns. This is where the difference between the high and low end of the price spectrum lies -- the quality of ingredients. Good peppercorns are more expensive.
Sauteed Watercress
We ordered watercress because E Mei was out of pea shoots. Sadly, sauteed bok choy and mushrooms was served in its place. Since we happen to like bok choy and mushrooms, we decided to say nothing and keep the dish. It was cooked properly and offered a nice mild counterpart to the other spicy dishes.
Unsurprisingly, I left E Mei with leftovers. And boy did they make a delicious next-day meal. I repurposed the Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce by adding chicken broth, threw in a block of ramen, and topped my spicy noodle soup with the leftover bok choy, mushrooms, and dumplings. If you end up doing this too, please be advised NOT to drink the broth. Trust me, the ingredients in the fish dish are not good for the waistline or digestive system. 
One last thing: this review is actually a 3.5 bumped up to a 4. The overabundance of imitation crab in the soup and the low level of spice across the dishes were NOT okay. However, I cannot deny that E Mei still floats to the top amongst the other affordable Sichuan options. With that said, I recommend E Mei if you're in Chinatown and craving Sichuan.Definitely going back there. One of the best Chinese food. Loved the Singapore Mein Fun Noodles.Authentic szechuan cuisine at a reasonable price and in a more casual setting, compared to Han Dynasty (which is much fancier). We got the fish hot pot, spicy chicken, and eggplant. Very spicy (clears the sinuses!)This certainly is my favorite Sichuan place in Chinatown.As good as Szechuan is going to get in this country. 
Hot day, even hotter food, and cold beer makes for a nice combination. 
We asked for the Chongqing Chicken with Dry Chile "da la" ( the only Chinese that I need to know ),  the waiter smiled and boy did it come to the table loaded with peppers.
We also had steamed pork dumplings and a minced Szechuan pork over noodles. There was a diced rabbit dish that I was tempted to order but the song of that chicken won me over.
Restaurant's pretty big . We seemed to be the first people in, around 11:30, and by noon it was packed with local Asian folks, which is a great sign.
Lots of Chinese choices in Philly and this is one of the best.This was first time eating in Chinatown and by far this was the best Chinese food I have ever had.  Everything was delicious!A terrific and reasonably priced meal.  Huge plates of food, be prepared to share dishes.  The Ma Po Tofu was very good, and always something that I am happy to see on a menu.  I wish that I could write about more of the dishes, but we were in a large party (which they handled very well) and someone else did most of the ordering.  
The food was spicy, delicious, and more authentic that I typically see.  They do have a section on the menu for American-Chinese food if that's really what you want, but you shouldn't.  Get a casserole, or some duck, or something hot and spicy.  
Service was quick, attentive, and then they left you alone.  That's how I like my service.  I can't wait to go back and work my way through the menu, line by line.Yummmmyyy!!! The dishes are spicy and delicious.  Prob one of my favorite restaurants now, love the variety if dishes they offer.  If you love spicy like I do, definitely worth it try!E mei has very good food, but the waitress is very unfriendly. I don't think she smiled a single time and made it seem like it was a hassle to wait on us.
The wonton soup and dumpling in hot oil were tasty and unique.This certainly is my favorite Sichuan place in Chinatown.I loved the Beef and Scallions at E Mei Szechuan Restaurant. Everything was perfect and I relished every bite. I didn't run out of sticky rice and had more sauce for my dish that expected. Although they offer "American Chinese food" dishes, don't bother. This is the kind of place where you feel comfortable trying new dish combinations. I'd love to explore the menu more. The dinner time crowd is very busy, so I appreciate the food arriving steamy hot to my table in under 20mins.Came here over the weekend, cause I craved some Szechuan food. I heard the buzz, there's a new Szechuan restaurant in Chinatown. Well not really new new per se, E Mei Szechuan restaurant replaced another Szechuan restaurant that was there already.  
I usually use "Water Boiled Fish" as the caliber/measurement of a good Szechuan restaurant. I have to say their's...It was realllllllyyyyy good. Although not as spicy as I liked, my partner really liked it and she's not a huge fan of Szechuan food. 
They called the dish "Fresh Tilapia Chong Ching Style". It's served in this metal bowl, with a little flame on the bottom to keep the dish warm throughout your meal. The fish was so soft and delicate that it melts in your mouth!  It's different, than the usual "Water Boiled Fish" I had. This fish has the balance and the umami that leaves you craving for more. 
The service is attentive, better than the other Chinese Restaurant. Maybe cause it's Americanized. I'm also glad to see that they redecorated cause the previous owner had really tacky taste. 
We also had the Garlic Seaweed as the appetizer, the chef went a little heavy handed on the Garlic but overall it was still good.Got Quick Take-out from here this past weekend. As some Yelpers had pointed out, the Chingqong Chicken is delicious (About 14 dollars), I also found the Dan Dan Noodles (About 5 Dollars) to be quite tasty even though the actual noodle was a bit skinny compared to the Han Dynasty version...The customer service was fanastic and we really got what we paid for at this restaurant! The Dan Dan noodles were phenomenal as well as the soups that we tried. The tea was a nice touch as well! The other entrees were pretty average but definitely not bad.The hot pot is really good, the water boiled beef is good, and everything else I tried has been good.Maybe we are just used to Americanized Chinese food but everything tasted a little off. Egg drop soup had a puzzling flavor until we discovered the corn. Fried dumplings were larger than normal with a kind of fluffy meat filling but served with a tasteless oily sauce. Pork fried rice had too many peas and the pieces of pork tasted off - it was bland enough I was looking for the soy sauce that wasn't there. The hot tea was very nice. The service was good. Located in Chinatown town, it must be popular with the neighborhood because we were the only obvious tourists there. It would be worth a try if you are into a more authentic cuisine.LOVE THIS PLACE.  You know it's a good sign when you walk into a Chinese restaurant and the only people eating there are also Asian.  I found E Mei on Yelp after coming out of the Car Show starving.  We made the short walk over and got down to business.
All 3 of us tried the Hot and Sour Soup and checked in on Yelp for FREE Dumplings in Hot Chili Oil.  The soup was really good... piping hot, large serving, the perfect combo of hot/sour, and my favorite part- it wasn't too "gloopy" which is how I often describe Chinese takeout soups.  I'm a fan.
We shared the Garlic Eggplant, the Chongquing Spicy Chicken, and the Kung Pow Chicken.  All three dishes were fantastic.  Like... we had tons of food and hardly any leftovers.  The Chongquing Chicken was lightly breaded (not like Sesame Chicken at ALL) and chock full of hot peppers and dry, no sauce.  The Kung Pow sauce and the Garlic Sauce which came with the Eggplant were both delicious.  
The food was AMAZING and the service was good- they were very ontop of their water pitcher game which is HUGE when eating Chinese, especially when it's spicy.  I think the food was a little on the expensive side.  
After my boyfriend and I fought over the little tiny container of leftovers we had the next day... I realized I'll probably be coming back real soon.One of the best restaurants in Chinatown. I've been to this place multiple times and I always come satisfied. It's also a BYO, so definitely feel free to bring all your beers and wine. 
Best dishes: Eggplant in Garlic Sauce, Sliced Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, Griddled Cooked Pork Rib
Please note this is a Sichuan restaurant, so the food is spicy! They also have non-spicy alternatives on the menu. 
I thought the service was above average because they were so attentive. They also give complementary peanuts, cabbage, and orange at the end.I visited E Mei for the first time this past weekend and I decided I need to go back and try more of the dishes, namely the Chongqing chicken, and I'd like to try a hot pot as well. The boiled dumplings in chili oil were AMAZING... so fragrant and flavorful... I could have eaten the whole bowl. We also had singapore mei fun, smoked pork belly w/ garlic shoots, and scallops with mixed veggies (they were quite generous w/ the scallops!). We also had an order of veggie dumplings which they brought out mistakenly instead of the chili oil dumplings. We ate the veggie dumplings any way and they were PACKED with fresh steamed vegetables. Service was typical for Chinatown - fast, efficient, just not the most warm or friendly. That's fine by me! Also, prices are super reasonable here. This place gets packed for dinner on the weekend so be prepared for a bit of a wait at peak times.Greatest Chinese (non-buffet) Ever!   The food tastes home cooked, probably is, the waiters are ninjas, before you even ask for something will materialize beside you with it! I love this restaurant!I am presently surprised by the szechuan dishes here. As one of the previous review pointed out, the menu is not exclusively szechuan but a collection of southern chinese cooking. Szechuan being one of the southern provience, I guess it fits in sort of. 
Sat down and they brought pickle vegie (pow chai) and fried peanuts (with skins) rightaway. 
Since we are there for szechuan food, we went through the menu and picked some very traditional szechuan dishes
MarPo tofu, very good. Lot's of hot chili oil but not enough szechuan pepper corn. I think they used furmented bean paste which added a different favor to the dish than other places. 
Cumin Lamb, excellent. Sliced lamb cooked with leek and bell pepper. Ha, some of the pepper are not bell pepper. They were so hot, I have to spit it out as soon as I chewed on it. Again can use more szechuan pepper corn in the dish. 
Shredded potatoes and green pepper, very good. Plain ingredients but well prepared. The pepper has a touch of heat that added favor to the otherwise sweetness of the potatoes. 
All the dishes are good portioned and we took home half of everything.This hands down is my favorite Szechuan restaurant in philly. I've tried all of the other Szechuan places but nothing can compare. All of their dishes are super authentic. My favorite has to be the spicy crabs and double cooked pork. If you are spicy food lover this place is heaven.For an event on campus, the organizers ordered take-out from E Mei. 
Szechuan food with a good amount of spice. Had the string beans, bean curd, lots of different spicy meat, and fried rice. Everything had a great amount of spice and the fried rice was not oily. Looking forward to trying the restaurant!I came here for Christmas dinner with friends to recreate the annual Chinatown Christmas dinner I always had with my parents growing up. We had a party of 10 and were seated in the back room. The party consisted of a mix of Chinese and non-Chinese friends. The waiter we had was not attentive to our needs for water or tea. He took forever to take our order. When we did try to order, he would shoot down dishes we wanted to order, saying our "American" friends wouldn't like them. This was wrong on so many levels. After serving the food, he forgot about us for a full hour.
The good side was the food he did let us order was fairly delicious, and the dinner ended up being cheap (20 bucks per person with tip and beer included). Based on the other reviews, perhaps service here can be hit or miss. Let's be honest; no one really goes to Chinatown for awesome service or friendly waitstaff, but our Christmas experience here was a little ridiculous, hence 2 stars deducted.
I'll just stick to delivery from other Chinatown restaurants via diningin.com.I knew that we were in for a treat when they brought the freebies before we ordered:  peanuts and pickles.  I.e., what REAL Chinese restaurants serve.  Then there was the fact that we were the only Caucasian customers.  And then there was the fact that upon opening the menu, I saw little in the way of Americanized General's Toes crap.
I have eaten my way through Chinatowns in San Francisco, New York, D.C. and elsewhere.  This place is the best Sichuan resto that I have been to.  We ordered a bunch of apps, a soup and an entree.  Everything that we had was very good or outstanding.  And yes, they use real Sichuan peppercorns, not just additional chilies for the heat.
Our food was:
Cold Apps
Spicy Veg Salad  (Off the hook)
Spicy Seaweed Salad  (Very good)
Beef and Tripe in Hot Chili Sauce (To die for, beef stomach only, NO intestine)
Spicy Rabbit  (excellent, meat is on-the-bone, eat with care)
Soup for Two
Tofu and Veg (well done, light broth doesn't overpower the tofu and greens)
Entree
Pork with Chinese Long Hot Peppers  (stupid yummy, da bomb)
Even the freebie Sichuan pickles they serve are amazing.  We plowed through three dishes of them!  Service was good.  We took a lot home.  That stuff didn't see the light of the next day.
Yum, yum, yum and yum.The service is good, but the food is just above average. We ordered hot pot. the Qing Tang soup in the hot pot is really nice (best), while the Spicy Tang in the hot pot has strong herb taste, which I don't like.Greasy chinese food coming from micro oven, not really authentic at allSzechuan food had been one of the recent fads in Philly. I guess we all wanted some spice in our lives. I've tried Han Dynasty, of course, and Four Rivers, Empress Garden, but just for the spiciness factor E Mei is my favorite.
Call me a wuss all you want but I don't need my mouth to be numbed every time I bite into something. Shoot anesthetics in my mouth and you can achieve the same effect without the next day consequences. I want to taste my food, the salty, the sweet, the savory taste of meat. Not just hot numbing mouth paralyzing heat. If I want that I can bite a chili. What E Mei does good, is that they allow the other flavors to play a role in a dish albeit the spice. 
Immediately after you seat down, you'll be treated to a small plate of salt roasted peanuts and chili oil marinated diced cabbage. I'm mentioning this because I love those cabbage, salty, spicy, surprisingly packed with umami. The Chongqing Spicy Chicken seems to be the crowd favorite, cubed chicken fried with a lot of dried chili, they make one of the better Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil in the city. The Fish Fillet in Hot and Spicy Sauce here is also quite superb, Silky morsels that you can just slurp up. You will need some neutral vegetables to balance the meal. The Black mushroom with Bok Choy or the Sauteed Squash with Black Fungus are both good options. When it's winter and the Snow Pea Leaf are in season, try them.
Things here are very affordable and come in a good portion but of course the place is nothing fancy. It's traditional Chinese family restaurant decor and furnishing. 
An incident happened last time I came where a waiter flipped a whole hot plate of food on a patron cause him to have a second degree burn on both arms, but all they did was to move to another table and continue eating. I don't think I will judge the place and made me not come here again, but it's a little worrisome.You know it's good when you literally start sweating and your tummy is burning and your sinues are dripping! Spicy food heaven!
We had the DanDan noodles and yes they were delicious - thin noodles in a bowl with tiny bits of pork and spicy oil. We also had really yummy boiled dumplings in hot oil (which were a free Yelp check in item!) and unexpectedly loved them - soft almost raviloi like, meat filled pods in a dish of spicy red oil.  
The Seafood Soup, which was supposed to be the Seafood Hot and Sour but was so bland it couldn't be, was eh. The waitress told me it was a few times and finally brought me out some vinegar to shut me up which really didn't fix it.  It was ok - reasonable amounts of seafood in a decent broth - nothing I'd go out of my way to order again. 
We also ordered this Chouquing chicken hot pepper dish that was tiny pieces of fried chicken with a ton of crunchy hot peppers on top - they were ok as well - the pieces of chicken were so tiny they couldn't help being greasy.  The whole thing was salty and greasy and crunchy in a semi horrible, semi wonderful way and we were forced to order some Sapporo - really not a bad thing.
The service was so so - at some points overbearing, at others we really wanted a wait person and none were anywhere in sight for a long period. I feel like there are probably some delicious things we need to go back and order.  We'll definitely be getting the DanDan noodles and dumplings again.Definitely one of the best in Chinatown! 
The food is simply awesome and authentic, with a wide range of selections. Will come here again and again.Sadly I don't remember the name of a lot of dishes here since a friend helped our group order, but the food was really good! Many restaurants in Philly's chinatown tend to just churn out mediocre Chinese food for a lot of dishes, but here basically every single one of them was good. The food was also actually somewhat spicy (I'm used to even spicier, so for people who don't eat spicy food a lot, the food here probably will taste really spicy). 
We had a dish with bits of fried chicken mixed with extremely hot chili peppers, cooked steak with sauce on a bed of onions (non-spicy dish), mapo tofu, spicy cooked fish, cold chicken in chili sauce, and a few other things. I must say though, the steak was cooked perfectly - tender and a little pink on the inside. The cold chicken was also especially good and smooth.
This restaurant is definitely good for Szechuan style food, will return again to try other things!I've really enjoyed the two times I came to E Mei. First time with a friend and second with my family and my boyfriends family. Great for both environments.
First time with a friend, in true Chinese style, we were seated at a table with other restaurant-goers. We got the dan dan noodles, free yelp hot oil dumplings, chonqing chicken, and the sizzling beef. SPICY. DELICIOUS. Way too much food for two girls but the tastes were rich and felt authentic.
The spiciness was much less muted the second time I went. Unsure why. Also, the staff suddenly spoke only Chinese, so brush up on your Chinese before going in! Literally no one spoke English this time around. We ordered the chonqing chicken, and dan dan noodles again as well as free yelp order-- they asked us if we wanted to substitute the dumplings with wontons. We did. We also got fish fillet with soft tofu, and my FAVORITE was one of the dishes under the Chef's specials, a non-spicy pork with rice cake. It was sweet, so maybe that caters to my sweet tooth, but they poor the hot, sizzling pork and sauce onto a couple of crispy rice cakes. Eat it immediately to get that perfect balance between the crunchy rice cake (before it gets soggy) and the sweet, aromatic pork and mushrooms.
The Shredded beef was the only thing I wasn't entirely impressed with. Not bad, just nothing special.
And as has become true for all Szechuan restaurants, the comparison to Han Dynasty. I like this place much more. Comparable prices and E Mei has a larger selection of non-spicy dishes to cater to all as well as more dishes in general. I compare their chonqing chicken to Han's spicy pepper chicken and E Mei's chicken to pepper ratio is worlds higher. It definitely tastes more authentic, larger portions, a bit more casual environment, but the restaurant is decorated like a traditional Chinese restaurant misplaced in America where you might find a Chinese wedding reception or two Asian families having a nice dinner together =]I'm from out of town, and I feel very lucky that I stumbled across this place.  If I lived here, this would be a regular stop.  
I started with Hot and Sour Soup, because it was cold out and then I found a checkin special on yelp for free Dumplings in Hot Oil.  The soup was tasty in a way I hadn't quite had before.  Both were very spicy, which I was happy to find.  This is possibly the first truly Sichuan restaurant I've been to and the spice lived up to legendary heritage.  The best part of my experience was the Chongqing Spicy Chicken.  I ordered it only because of the very friendly waiters recombination and I and so very thankful that I did.  Crispy, salty, spicy, and filled with flavor.  I would say this place is a must try.I don't have the greatest connection to the Chinese community of Philadelphia, so when my Chinese friend gave me this recommendation, I jumped on it. The restaurant does not disappoint. It is spicy and numbing with their Sichuan peppers, and they have kidney meat that I haven't had in years! I gave one star less for service and environment, but no surprise there for an asian restaurant. It's clean enough.Great spicy food place if you are looking for one in Chinatown. Haven't disappointed me in the last four years.Great service.  Nice people.  The owner and his family were very friendly.
I hate to say anything bad because I got a free boiling (and spicy!) dumpling bowl by checking-in on Yelp.  But, the truth is the truth, so here goes ...
Won Ton soup was acceptable.  Nothing special.
Egg roll was fine ... and nicely (temperature) hot.  But just a standard egg roll.
The boiling dumplings were good ... and I thought that the sauce was very spicy (nice!).
But I made the mistake of ordering the house special Chung King Chicken (not sure of the spelling).  Basically, it's just a mound of fried, diced chicken.  Tasty but very salty.  And no vegetables.  Just fried chicken with a whole lot of dried peppers.
I should've gotten the Kung Pao Chicken like another Yelp reviewer recommended.What was awesome: my dad and I got the dumplings in hot chili oil, sautéed water spinach, and lamb cumin. All totally delicious, and the staff were super friendly.
Why only two stars: there were no Szechuan peppercorns in either the lamb or the dumplings (or if there were, there were so little that we couldn't taste them). Yes, the food was phenomenal but we came for Szechuan food and the meal just wasn't authentic. 
Still, we left stuffed and happy.I'll start this review by saying that I've sinned. I left E Mei in such severe pain - the pain that comes as a result of being a dirty glutton. It was retribution, for sure.
The very first dish to hit the table set the tone for the evening. This dish wasn't even ordered - it's like the peanuts some dive bar would shove your way while you sip on your cold brewski. But this was no bowl of boring peanuts. This was phenomenal. I'd love to tell you exactly what it is they bring you from the get go, but I didn't even know what it was. Only that I loved it and would've to take a gallon size zip lock bag of it to take home. Some sort of chopped green vegetable bathed in chili sesame oil and other secret delicious condiments. 
Then, we let our resident white friend who'd spent a shocking amount of time living in China do the ordering. He didn't disappoint and selected a variety of dishes we would've never thought to order. 
One after another, dish after mouthwatering dish hit the table. Tofu, fish, lamb, greens, chicken, ...
And while the 6 of us worked like champs, there were ample leftovers. It was shameful and I knew I'd regret it come 2am. And I did. But the memory survives. And with the grace of the savior almighty, I'll one day return and suffer more delicious, gluttonous pain.Excellent! We walked in off the street. Took a chance.  Excellent atmosphere and awesome  food.  Lunch special prices very good $8 including tea,  water,  rice,  soup,  and main dish. Great service.Tried E Mei for the first time this past Saturday, and we are psyched about how good it was. We love Szechuan food, especially the heat and peppercorn, and this place did not disappoint. Though we like Han Dynasty, the crowds are problematic and an obstacle not worth dealing with, though we do love Han himself. This food was just as exciting but without the hype. We did make sure to explain that we wanted the 'real deal', not some Americanized BS. There was a pretty strong language barrier, but I think our ordering the cold spicy dish of 'beef' and tripe got our message across.  The Ma Po Tofu was excellent. The service was very attentive and they were very pleasant, wishing us a good evening and inviting us to return soon. We definitely will!Amazing Chinese Sichuan food！I love spicy food soooooo much！The shreded potato with green pepper , this simple dish shows the first-class cooking skills of the chief and I love its flavor!Has to be one of the best values in Center City.  We stuck with the Sichuan offerings mentioned in other reviews (thank you for excellent suggestions) the Chongquing chicken and the fish filets in hot spicy oil--both dishes among the best Sichuan food we have ever had. The pea leaves are a must as a vegetable compliment.  Way too much food for two for one meal. We will savor the leftovers for days. And all this for $65. Highly recommended.The hotpot here hits the spot on a cold day! The bill came down to $25 pp for an extremely filling, satisfying meal. 
-You get to pick from the regular broth, spicy ma-la broth, or a combination of both. The spicy mala broth was filled to the brim with chili peppers and has quite a fierce kick to it - I would recommend getting the combo broth so you wouldn't have ALL of your food in super spicy broth. It was delicious though! 
-They gave us a plate of bean sprouts (and some herbs?) along with the base broth we ordered, and there were also some meatballs in the broth itself, so just a thing to note in terms of how much food you'd want to order. We started off by trying to order 9 plates of hotpot ingredients (for 3 people), until our server super helpfully told us that she thought it was way too much food for us - ended up ordering around 7 additional ingredients, which was the perfect amount. (A+ for the service!) 
-The only thing I didn't super like at this hotpot place was the cut of meat - we ordered the pork and the beef, but it didn't come in the form of the traditional thinly-sliced hotpot meats I was used to, and instead was just thick slices of meat.I got the scallion pancakes, cold sesame noodles and boiled dumplings with chili oil. It's the first chinese restaurant I've been to that rivals the place I grew up ordering. A must for the quintessential chinese takeout place.Having been back here a few times recently, and also having tried Han Dynasty again, I feel like this place deserves a rare 5th star. Certainly not as good as it gets compared to CA food, but for the East Coast this is well deserved.
Their food is actually spicy, not like Han Dynasty where even I can handle their entire menu. Recommended:
- Chongqing chicken
- Cumin lamb
- Beef tripe/tendon/ear w/ chili oil
- Mapo tofu
- pea leaves or water spinach are always a good way to balance out the spicy
Finally, the last time we went, our server (an older Chinese lady) was extremely helpful and friendly, even on a non-Chinatown scale.This is my parents favorite chinese restaurant.  Their style is szechuan cuisine which consists mainly of spicy food.  If you like spicy food, this chinese restaurant is for you.  The kung pao chicken and dan dan noodles were flavorful.  The appetizer they give you which were peanuts and some sort of chinese kim-chi version was delicious, we asked to bring some of that chinese kim-chi home.Cumin Lamb was amazing.  Hint of sweetness in the lamb coating; spicy hot peppers that make your mouth and tongue go numb, with small burst of cilantro to lighten it up.  Best cumin lamb I;ve had so far.E Mei God. This place is amazing!
Upon arrival you are immediately brought a dish of tasty peanuts and another of life-changing spicy chopped salad. Yes, I just said salad changed my life.
Next, I redeemed the Yelp offer to receive a free order of spicy boiled dumplings. A very generous 8 dumplings came in the serve, though I was only able to polish off three or four. They were not the best dumplings I've ever had, but they were tasty still and definitely packed enough heat to start me a  case of the Szechwan sweats.
Next came my main, the spicy Szechwan chicken. The portion was massive and packed just about as many dried chillies as there are people in Szechwan province. This dry style chicken bursted with spicy flavor and literally had my face pouring in sweat. I had some napkins to stem the sweaty tide, but really what I needed was a towel. 
Not able to take in any more of the intense deliciousness, I called it quits and probably took 70 percent of my order home with me.
The meal was concluded with much appreciated wedges of orange and a fortune cookie to dull the lingering spicy pain. It was a good pain though. 
E Mei God is right - this is some of the tastiest Southern Chinese cuisine I've ever sunken my teeth into.
-SZThis place is highly recommended. Family environment, very friendly. I came when there was basically no one and I was skeptical but the food was exceptional. The griddle lamb was phenomenal and could easily serve for 2. The flame under the food plate at the table is an awesome detail. Quality Chinese food and service.My husband and I came here for the first time with a party of 8. The food was great  the first time. My husband, who loves dumplings was impressed by theirs. We then went back a second time only to be served dumplings that were pretty much all dough. The pork fried rice we were served was obviously left overs fr0m the day before. My husband thought I was eating some peanuts from all the crucning of the rice. To top it off, we were not checked up on by the waitress even once. When we expressed to her our dislike for the food, she told us that she didn't do the cooking and that she would let the manager know. The manager pretty much told us that was how the dumplings are supposed to be made and that he couldn't  taste the rice, so he couldn't really comment on it. He then offered a 10% discount for the terrible food. Definitely the last time we will be dining there.Fair Chinese food. The hot pot here is acceptable compare to other hot pots in other restaurants. Anyway, it is just an acceptable restaurant.I've been trying out Sichuan places around chinatown as I have no interest in going to Han Dynasty. The last place I visited (Four Rivers) was tasty but the spice levels were definitely toned down. This place is different. E Mei understands how to use spice in a way that kicks hard but is so addictively flavorful you can't stop eating no matter how much it hurts. I have tried the Dan Dan noodles and Chungqing spicy chicken. The noodles are the best I have had so far, and while the sauce is peanut based it is very savory, hardly any hint of sweetness whatsoever, and it is all the better for it. The Chungqing chicken is like crack. Crispy nuggets of chicken tossed with unearthly amounts of whole chilies. The appearance is definitely dramatic but you'll be safe as long as you pick around them. The spice level is perfect. It will get your sinuses flowing but it also builds as you eat so if you pace yourself it is more than tolerable. It also doesn't linger too long on the palate, which is a problem I have with chilies such as habaneros. An atom bomb goes off in your mouth and just sits there and gets worse. Nothing like that here, the spiciness is artfully crafted. I love the tongue numbing effect the Sichuan peppercorns have, it almost helps you handle more spice than you could normally. I will definitely be back soon, I want to have a sit down meal here as the decor is fairly nice (for chinatown) and there are some interesting dishes, (rabbit in peanut sauce I have my eye on you!).Great variety, veggie steamed dumplings were awesome, lamb entree and scallops great.  Very relaxed atmosphere.  When there are more non English speaking patrons you know you are in the right palace for Chinese food.  They don't skimp on the spices.  Our new favoriteMy favorite Chinese restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Their lunch specials are very good and proportions generous. The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had.Love this place for authentic Szechuan. I always get the sliced pork in hot & spicy sauce and it never disappoints. I honestly could have it much spicier but for most it's probably just right. The servings are huge so you can take home leftovers.
Ambiance is pretty standard for a Chinatown restaurant. No frills. BUT last night when I went they were playing the entire Katy Perry discography which is +1000000 points in my book. 
It wasn't my first nor my last time at E Mei. Highly recommend!We only had appetizers here. We had the wonton soup- which is rather large for the price and a great appetizer to share! The steamed dumplings (delicious), and scallion pancakes. This place got us seated right away and the server was very attentive to our table. The food here is great and I would definitely return!I have to give this place a 5-star rate: awesome food, great service with affordable price. 
We order the spicy beef and ox's tongue(fu qi fei pian) as appetizer. We all like that one a lot, the spicy is decent with peanut chops in it. They put some parsley to make it more favorable. 
We also order the fish fillet with sour vegetable soup and mapo tofu. The fish really rocks! It's not spicy. The fish is tender and the soup is rich!! Mapo tofu is above average.
We also order the rice dumpling with rice wine soup as dessert. They also put egg drop in it. Actually I like that one a lot, it's a unique dessert that you can't really try at other places.
It's definitely worth to have a try here!!! I can't forget this place since I had a bite 2 and half years ago and I came back cuz I finally had the chance to visit this city again.