Although there are countless little Mexican places below Washington Avenue, I never get sick of them and always look forward to trying the new kid on the block. This time it was El Sabor Poblano on Federal, which could not look less special if it tried.
I liked that there were 3 fish tacos on the menu.  I picked the fried and battered version, though the tortilla chip covered fish could have been awesome. I was instantly impressed when I opened one of my three and found that El Sabor puts an entire filet of fish in each taco! The flakey meat had no fishy taste. These tacos came with the more American toppings of lettuce and, tomato, and cheese. I bet I could have gotten cilantro and onion if I asked. The sole staff member in the place seemed happy to accommodate us- well, we were the only ones dining in.
Another taco filling option that comes with more traditional toppings is the super crispy chorizo, only $8 for 3. There was no detectable gristle here, something I have often come across at this little places.
As unassuming as it looks, this particular South Philly Mexican place is worth stopping by.This place is terrible. I ordered delivery through Grub Hub. The grilled fish tacos were cold and soggy. The enfrijolados were ok but cold! The salad was mediocre and wilted. I would not recommend ordering from here to anyone.The menu is outstanding -- some great ceviche, fish taco, and other seafood options you won't find at any other taqueria in town. Great balance of flavors and big portions. Servers are friendly, too.Some really good, really spicy Mexican food can be found here.  My wife had the chicken enchiladas, and I had the Pambazo.  Both really good.  I was surprised to see fish tacos and other fish items on the menu, which is rare for these small mexican restaurants.  The place is cozy, yet unpretentious on the inside.  I'll probably be returning to try more items in the future.We got takeout: The guacamole is really good and so are the chicken enchiladas!I would give this 0 stars if possible.  Not only did the food arrived later than expected after ordering, but the order was wrong.  The description of the Taco Salad online did not include ground beef and when selecting from the options, I specifically chose the "no protein" option, but when it arrived the salad was loaded with ground beef.  
The restaurant refused to refund the price of the salad or make things right and had no explanation for why even after I explained that I am a vegetarian and do not eat meat.
I cannot comment on the quality of the food because I am unable to eat it, but if poor service and unprofessional behavior are any indicator of how their food quality is, I would definitely stay away.  
I would not recommend this place and will not order from here again.This place recently came up on GrubHub (not sure if it is new, or just new to GH), but it seemed to have a great selection, including fish tacos, so I thought I'd give it a try. NEVER AGAIN. My order was over an hour late; it came 2 hours after I originally ordered it. I've found that calling restaurants who are running late is more effective than calling GrubHub, but not in this case. When I called I explained to the person on the other end that my order was over an hour late. They asked for me address and said, "He left already" - then hung up on me. I proceeded to call GH and thankfully they refunded my money, but when the order did come it was awful. The fish tacos were ice cold. The sour cream that I asked for on the side was non-existent. And the pico de gallo did not come with any chips. I've never ordered pico from any mexican place where the chips were not included...but checked their menu again to see if perhaps chips were an additional item. Nope. They just plain forgot the chips. So I can't tell you if the pico was good or not, because I had nothing to eat it with.
Bottom line...there are a dozen or more excellent mexican places in the area to order from. Steer clear of this one.Just ordered our food via Grub Hub and I would never order here again !! The guacamole is brown and the burritos were delivered cold! After waiting 50 extra minutes ... think twice before ordering !Delivery time was extremely fast. We ordered the steak burrito, vegetarian nachos, guacamole and pastor tacos. The steak burrito is great, flavor was perfect and packed with everything. The pastor tacos were decent, meat needs to be marinated longer to capture deeper flavor. Overall I would order from here again, the prices are correct as well.We ordered from El Sabor Poblano because they had a lot of chicken options (compared to the other Mexican restaurants near the Italian Market) and we're trying to eat a little healthier in the new year.  While I lusted after the brisket and barbacoa and pambazos, I ordered the pechuga enchilada, mole enchilada, and some smoked pork chop tacos, with an ensalada de nopales and an order of rice and beans on the side.  This fed two people really well for dinner and lunch, for $45 (delivered using Grubhub).  The grilled chicken dish was fabulous - a tiny bit dry, but in a flattened smoky crispy-on-the-grill kind of way.  And mashed potatoes with Mexican food?  Oh yes - please!  The smoked pork chop tacos were fresh and moist and flavorful, just crispy and fatty enough to be delicious.  The salad was large and fresh and composed of ripe tomato wedges, delicate strips of cactus and onion, and baby lettuces!  For $7!   I was impressed.  Rice and beans were great, mole enchiladas were delicious even after three days in the fridge...  While the prices are a dollar or two higher at El Sabor Poblano compared to other restaurants, I agree with Dan F. - you can tell they really care.  Delivery was super prompt, too.Had I read the previous review I probably wouldn't have eaten from this restaurant. But I'm glad I didn't read it, because the food here was excellent. I too saw this place on grubhub and decided to give it a go. The estimated delivery was about an hour, but the food actually showed up in about 35 minutes. The deliveryman was very polite and affable. 
The food? Pretty damn good. I ordered the pechuga poblana, and my roommate the chicken burrito. If you don't know what pechuga poblana is, look it up. It's a classic mexican dish from Puebla, and when done right it's phenomenal. We also got an order of the guacamole. 
The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is that a small piece of the chicken in my pechuga poblana was tough and over cooked. The rest of it was excellent with a tasty, somewhat spicy poblana sauce inundating the entire meal. It comes with rice, beans, tortillas, and some cheese - oaxacan I think. Or maybe queso fresco. 
The guacamole was great too. Not too chunky but definitely not a boring paste. Could have used some more lime, but I may have an unreasonable desire for the citrus. The chips, though, were perfect. Obviously fried in-house, and the perfect thickness. 
I only had a bite of the burrito, but that was pretty good. My roommate inhaled it and said that it was "awesome." 
So there you have it - a couple diametrically opposed reviews to start this restaurant off. I'm not doubting that the previous reviewer had a bad experience, but maybe they are very new and were working out the kinks? Who knows. All I do know is that I'll be going back and trying some more of the lesser-known traditional dishes.Shrimp cocktail, ceviche, shrimp and octopus over salad....three dishes all share the same unfortunate characteristics... all three lacked any flavor whatsoever, void of any sense of freshness (canned seafood), and just not good.  
Please don't bother with this place.  Not good food at all.After maybe 10 dinners delivered to me from here (I use the Eat24 app -- amazingly efficient with great customer service, by the way) ..: the verdict is in: Hands down the best taqueria I've eaten from in Philly. The nachoes are superlative. The pork and pineapple tacos ... que rico! Juicy, spicy, and sublime. Even the chocolate cake is excellent. My orders are always fresh, hot, correct, and delivered promptly. You can tell they put their all into it. Big fan.Our friends brought us here last night. Definitely a hole in the wall, but pretty tasty. Plates are huge and prices are good. Our table ordered a variety of dishes and they were all great. The only complaint is that service is a little slow. Will be back!I'm a microbiologist and not even a microscope could I find the cheese on my nachos. A cardinal sin. Otherwise good was good quality and bounteous.Delivery was over an hour late (called grub-hub, they said the driver was 3 minutes away, 15 minutes later he arrived and apologized). The cheese on the nachos was stone cold and congealed. The chocolate frosty became chocolate milk. I took a few bites into my fish burrito, it was pretty dry, I figured it wasn't worth the risk, God knows how long it was sitting in the delivery vehicle on the hot summer day. 
Maybe the food would be good if eaten at the restaurant but the delivery was awful. I have no idea why they still would have delivered this order. I understand things can get delayed, bad traffic, an accident, idiot protestors blocking the road. Fine, but when you're out for so long with food, take it back and put in a new order rather than deliver this substandard mushy, cold mess.Worst mexican in Philadelphia by far. Tacos? Tacos on wheat tortillas covered in cheese, and not queso fresco but american cheese? Quacamole? No flavor, no salt, no lime, no spice. Such a disappointment. I which I could get my money and calories back. No worth it at all.Second time I've come here and I want to give it more stars but some work needs to be done: according to the menu the burritos are supposed to have pico de gallo- it was missing. The tostadas were flavorless as was the burrito; ceviche tostadas sound amazing but the fish and shrimp were bland. The first time I had the pastor tacos and they were great.Went with a group of five. My only complaints were the service was a tad slow and the queso fresco was string-y. Otherwise I will be going back.
Im from California and can be a guacamole snob. Theirs is excellent. Pork tacos had amazing flavor. My friend had a huarache and it was spectacular.
The staff was super friendly and accommodating. They took the time to explain the menu and some different entrees unique to them. The free margaritas mix was also clutch. 
Great hole in the wall. Delicious food. Friendly staff. Will go back for sure.I ordered delivery. I was told it would be 45-60 min. After 1 hr and 15 min I called and asked and was told my delivery was on the way it would be there in 5-10 min. I wait 15 min and then cancel my order because I'm tired of waiting. After canceling the "delivery" driver calls and says he's in the lobby of the hotel but since I cancelled he was leaving. I felt like this was a lie so I asked what hotel lobby he was at, he couldn't answer. I asked if he really was in the lobby, if so I'd come get my food and pay. He wouldn't answer the question. I asked him 5 times if he was actually in the lobby and he wouldn't answer me yes or no. They never had any intention of delivery my food like they promised. Never will I order from themMy office tried to place a order through Eat24 and it never went through because the restaurant never answered the phone.  Eat24 tried calling from 11:00am through 12 noon.  Food is good but this place does not open when they say they open.Ordered takeout from here for the first time. 
Very long wait for delivery so I recommend pick up or eat in; maybe it'll be faster service.
I ordered the Taco Bowl Salad with grilled steak ($2 extra for the steak). It comes with 2 different sauces and u apologize but I don't know the name of the sauces. The "red" sauce is very spicy just how I like it and "green" sauce cooled it down a bit. 
I will order from here again simply because I love Mexican food. Next I will try the Fish Tacos or even Beef Tongue tacos, if I'm adventurous!
My recommendation: try it! My taco bowl salad was good but not sure if it's worth $12.The food here is really good. I tend to stick with chicken tacos or burrito. But I have tried a few other dishes and I am a once or twice a week customer as long as I am in the area.We ordered off Uber Eats last night at 830. Food arrived at 9:15 and was hot! I'm impressed. I ordered the fish tacos; they were the best fish tacos I've had so far! My fiancé ordered the steak and Mexican sausage burrito and he was in love! I'm definitely ordering from this place again!Just ordered dinner from here, we got a bunch of stuff to try out. Nachos/carnitas burrito, chicken taco, rice and beans. Delivery was like 10-15 mins late so everything was kinda cold and soggy. Everything tasted ok, but to me , it seemed like everything kinda tasted the same. I really couldn't tell much difference in taste with the different items. Just kinda bland and soggy. I'm sure the food is much better eating in, but in my opinion delivery hurts the finished product . Will not repeatCarne Enchilada Burrito puts all these other burrito places to shame. If you want a true Mexican burrito, and just really great food in general, I'd come here.Meh.. I've definitely had MUCH better. Ordered through Grubhub Brisket Tacos. The brisket was dry- waaay overcooked. I had to pick the dry pieces off the top. The taco shells were rubbery-over cooked as well. I won't be ordering from there again. BOOOOOO.My two friends and I ordered from El Sabor Poblano this past Tuesday (11/29/2016). The food was good at the time, however, approximately 30 hours later, I began experiencing symptoms of food poisoning. At first I put it off as something else I had eaten the day before; however, one of my friends began to also experience vomiting about 40 hours after eating from El Sabor Poblano. My friends and I live in separate locations, and so would not have come into contact with the same food except that from the restaurant. This has been a frustrating experience, and I would recommend everyone stay far away from this restaurant. I will be contacting the Philadelphia Department of Health at some point to take a look into this, as this is unacceptable for a food establishment.Ordered food from grub hub which never came. Restaurant seemed confused when I called and could not answer when asked if the delivery was on its way or if food had been ordered.I've tried all the places serving fish tacos on GrubHub in the city and this was hands down the best and most affordable. I had the Fish Tacos de Pescado Capeado and Fish Tostadas with Guacamole.
Delivery was fast, deliveryman was friendly and the food was hot. Loved it, ordered it 3 times since and will continue to do so!I tried the Pastor Burrito and it was really good! When I walked in I was a little sceptical at first, it looked like a barely converted Chinese take out, but the pork had a home cooked quality, everything was fresh, and the price was decent.When I'm about to order some Mexican food and I think "ugh, I REALLY just want something seriously delicious" this is where I order from. YUM.
Food is always fresh, tasty and well prepared. The meats and veggies are perfect and there are actual some menu options beyond the normal taco/burrito fare. 
If you're in the delivery radius, you pretty much can't do better. Maybe one day I'll visit in person... but more than likely El Sabor will continue to supply my couch-sitting, netflix-watching, pj-wearing feasts.Excellent service and great quality for the price. Definitely the best new local Mexican spot.Delicious pastor burrito for An insanely good price. Best I've ever had. Chicken and beef nachos good tooOrdered delivery and it came in a flash.  Not only was the service quick, but their menu is very extensive.  I got the brisket tacos, which were just the right amount (3 tacos per order).  They were super flavorful and not loaded with condiments either.  My husband enjoyed a burrito, which was literally the size of his head.
We've ordered from a few good Mexican places in the past, but El Sabor is not good, it's great!The only reason why I am  rating this a four star is because they forgot my creama when they dropped off my food. This place is awesome & we have some real Hispanic flavors here. Very authentic. It was my first time ordering here I thought I couldn't go wrong with fish tacos & a side of rice & beans. Absolutely delicious! They say to never trust a Mexican place that doesn't make their own hot sauce, they make their own sauces & are so good ! They were fast getting here & super nice! Oh, if you're  ordering delivery they have their guys biking so make sure you give them just a little extra more. More power to those who bike it's not easy in Philly.Great place for a tasty burrito in the Point Breeze area. Lots of seating and they deliver as well. Bang for your buck.We ordered the fish burrito and steak & chorizo tacos one day for lunch.  They estimated that the wait would be 15 minutes, but ended up closer to 25-30 minutes.  
The meal itself was good.  The fish was fried and came with sour cream, beans, rice, lettuce, tomatoes.  I know I should eat less red meat, but I needed to try the steak and chorizo.  Comes with a lime, cilantro, and plenty of meat. 
They say cash only at the store, but their menus have credit cards?  Not a bad spot, but order in advance!Came to eat with my friends. Didn't know what to expect. Wasn't disappointed, wonderful addition to a rebounding neighborhood. Friendly staff, great selection, authentic Mexican food. Would recommend.Food is good, service is friendly. I would recommend the pollo poblano or the Chile relleno.My advice is to keep it simple. We ordered to go three tacos - pastor, barbacoa, and carnitas. All three were amazing. Food was hot since we got it to go. Will def be ordering here againWe've ordered delivery from El Sabor Poblano before and the food has been amazing but tonight we ordered at 9:30 pm and it's now 11 pm and we haven't gotten anything. We just called and they told us it will be 30-40 minutes more. This has never happened before and I hope it's a fluke because we love the food here.
Edit: Food finally came and... We got the wrong order. Not at all what we ordered. And what we got was actually pretty gross. This is disappointing.We ordered delivery.  The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  My street tacos had no salsa or hot sauce on them (and none was provided in the bag), so they were pretty dry.  My daughter ordered the grilled steak huarache, which she liked well enough -- but then it made her throw up not long afterwards.  Something in her meal must not have been stored or cooked at the appropriate temperature and made her sick.
We won't be going back.I've ordered from El Sabor Poblano probably ten times in three months.  Their burritos are spectacular; great flavor, fresh and fill you up.  Their hours are great too, 
Food arrives in the time quoted by GrubHub if not before.  Delivery guys always knock on the door which I prefer; strongly against the call alerting you they're outside.I'm a regular at this taco shop, they have some of the best food in the neighborhood. Tacos and burritos are great, but the nachos really stand out.Average tasting late night food. I would have rather ordered from Quetzally in Bella vista but they aren't open late. If you order rice and beans know that they're black beans. While traditional, I prefer the red beans that come with most mexi places I order from in south philly. 
We had a miscommunication on the order and when we paid the delivery guy, we were $3 short (we were charged via card but they wanted us to pay the difference in cash). The lady who took my order called me back (it was 3am) just to make me aware. She was quite passive aggressive. 
Overall, if you want late night mexi that's delivered, this place will do. You won't be craving it though.Earlier today I diagnosed myself with anemia. I've been tired for weeks and I was getting a headache, so I decided to treat myself with a pork burrito. (Or maybe I just wanted an excuse to eat some meat) 
I ordered the poblano burrito on grubhub and picked it up a couple minutes later. And holy crap--this place is the definition of a hole in the wall. The place was empty, the steps out front are a little jankity, and the sign could use some cleaning. If I had known what the restaurant looked like there's no way I would have ordered from here, but I am so glad I did! 
The poblano burrito was filled with delicious pulled pork, chunks of pineapple, rice, beans, and avocado. It also came with red and green sauces on the side, but those definitely weren't necessary. 
El Sabor Poblano is my new go-to Mexican restaurant. #poblanoforlifeThis place is realllly good. I got the chicken and pork tacos $10 for 3 HUGE tacos. Really tasty. Got delivery and the food was pipping hot! They have a lot of food to choose from as well. Definitely a place I will show to new company. Also I ordered by grubhub came really fast!I would love to have a review of the food, but I don't because half an hour after the order was sent a Yelp rep called to tell me they cancelled it. The restaurant was still going to be open for 3 hours. I'm in the delivery zone. They said it wouldn't be possible to fill unless I would like to walk to get it. On a weekday, no special events happening. 4 days to refund the money they had already billed me. I definitely won't go in or pick up food from here based on that experience.Got take out from here and ordered a steak burrito and crispy fish tacos.  The burrito was good but the tacos were terrible.  The fish was way over cooked and the tacos had no flavor.  Both the fish and pico de gallo were bland.  I was surprised because yelpers were saying the fish tacos were good...maybe I had them on an off night.  Definitely wouldn't order those again.This has quickly become my favorite burrito place in philly. The tortillas they use for the burrito is spot on. Try the Al Pastor burrito, my favorite so far. The fish tacos (egg battered) are also a frequent delivery order of mine. 
Don't forget to ask two salsas per burrito! They sometimes only give a single salsa and you don't want to be caught mid burrito without salsa. Wars have been started for less...Ordered some late night food last night. We ordered chalupas which state you can choose your meat so we specified steak in the notes and all it was was a soggy tortilla with cilantro, onion, and a really spicy sauce. We ordered rice and beans and even that was horrible and bland. Our friend got chorizo and huevos cemita. It tasted okay, but then she got sick from it. We won't order from there again. If you want Latin food you should pretty much for anywhere else.Nice, traditional Mexican Hondurans  food When i went there, i enjoyed an intellectual conversation  with the server  was going on and a  Cool place and the food i had was good. My friends got  Chicken soup was  awesome.. Byob byot  free mix 9am till 4amThis is my wife's favorite Mexican place to order from, and we order from here often. On our last order my wife ordered a taco bowl with extra ground meat and I ordered a smoked pork burrito with shrimp. My wife taco bowl came with no meat, so we called and they said they were sending another driver with the correct meal. After an hour we decided to call back and they had shut off all of their phones. We called the delivery driver and he told us that the manager never planned on sending us anything. These people are literally the worst of the restaurant industry. Avoid this place.Newly moved to point breeze and was in need of a taco fix. I've tired a few other places and this so far has been the best over all. 
I ordered my usual el pastor taco/ torta combo. This torta was their cubano. The food was fantastic. The torta was stuffed to the max and the tacos were worth the $7. 
The delivery came faster than all the others. Roughly 30 min. Where as the rest have come in twice that if not more. And the delivery man was super polite. No south philly scragg in a mini van. 
Will definitely order again.Unpretentious place, serving good Mexican food at a reasonable price. I had an excellent Carne Azada. My husband had a chicken enchilada that actually has chicken as the main ingredient. If what you are looking for is good food come here.El Sabor Poblano is one of our take out go-to's's.  We always know we are in for a delicious meal when we order from this place!
You can't go wrong with any of their burritos.  They are big, perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious!  We tend to alter which kind of burritos we get every time and are never disappointed...it just depends on what we are in the mood for when ordering which dictates the type of meat we select.
I also am a huge fan of their tacos, I usually get different ones each time, I always add cheese and sour cream.  My husband loves adding jalapeños to his tacos.
We also always get the nachos.  We tend to stick with chicken nachos, sometimes we get the chicken and beef ones.  Always good, crispy chips with lots of flavor!  The nacho toppings are also perfectly spread out so every chip has a nice bite of everything.  Great ratio of toppings too!
We enjoy the quesadillas and enchiladas from here as well!  My favorite types of enchiladas are the Enfrijoladas, Suizas Verdes, and Rojas or Suizas Rojas. All yummy and full of flavor they are always cooked to perfection and the sauces are incredible.
I also am in love with their salsas that come with your food, I love to pour the red salsa over my food or dip my nachos in it.   My husband loves the green salsa!
I can't comment on eating at this restaurant as we have only gotten takeout, but it is certainly a staple in our household.  I highly suggest grabbing a meal from El Sabor Poblano if you have it as an option for takeout!