Straight five stars and nothing less for this gem in the neighborhood. We ordered half n half of spicy tomato and mushroom with caramelized onions pizza and it was out of the world.. No kidding but one of the best pizza I ever had. We went to DC and had pizza for
 '& Pizza' we gave it 5 stars but now after this pizza that is on #2. I highly recommend this place for the amazingly delicious pizza.Enjoy!!!!Best pizza in Philadelphia, bar none. Beats Nomad, Pizza Brain, even Pizzeria Beddia, hands down. Better in terms of flavor and consistency. The mushroom and onion pizza is the best. Get that. This place really is a gem that not a lot of people know about.So.... No words to say about this place. Scrumptious, delectable, flavorsome, Fantastic, phenomenal... And what else.
Before leaving Philly me and my wife decided to visit this place after hearing a lot about this place. 
Hidden inside Smokey Joe's, the atmosphere was nice and calm with dim lights and music and nice polite staff, on a Monday night.
The only disadvantage is very less serving hours. 
Now coming to the food, we ordered Enjay's rosemary fries and half n half spice tomato pizza and mushroom and onion pizza. 
The fries were nice and presentable, with bell peppers and pickles (could not make out in din lights) served with aoili. 
But what to say about the pizza!!! pizza just activated all my taste buds. 
Even after two hours i could feel the taste of the pizza in my mouth. Crust- thin, fresh and crispy. Sauces and toppings amazing. I could not judge which pizza was more better out of the two. 
Highly recommended place and i would love to come back to this place again and again. 
In the end, the best pizza i have ever had. And wish i could rate it more than five stars.The food is phenomenal, but the service is better! We order Enjay's delivery fairly often, and it's almost always quick. There have been two occasions when they were short staffed or had unforeseen circumstances that caused a hiccup, and both times they were extremely helpful and accommodating, including an employee offering to deliver the order himself when the delivery person was in an accident. We were also comped our order when they took longer than anticipated to deliver our food. HIGHLY recommend! The tomato pizza is simple and delicious--our go-to order!If it wasn't for Yelp I would have never stumbled upon Enjay's. Pizza is one of my favorite foods and I am always searching to be impressed by food in general. And the pizza at Enjay's delivered in a big way!! The crust was top quality and cooked perfectly ,light on the sauce and the cheese was bursting with flavor. One of the best pizzas I've ever had including Philly, NY, NJ and DE spots. Don't be fooled by the local bar atmosphere, get yourself some pizza and leave satisfied.The food was fantastic.  I went with a group of friends and every single one of us loved the food.  Burgers, pizza, and rosemary fries.  One bartender was nice.  Unfortunately he left partway through our meal and the place just fell apart at that point.
We tried for a solid 15 minutes to get someone to give us a check and it was like everyone was working HARD to ignore us.  I've never seen that level of service before.  This is the first time I've written a review for a place but this was honestly horrible.  Everyone working was running food but they were taking things to the wrong customers and giving each other wrong directions on which table to approach.  
We sat at the bar and had to watch two people directly in front of us go through the full inventory of all the bottles behind the bar.  9PM on a Friday is a bad time to do it. Two random people who didn't seem to work there kept going behind the bar to pour water for themselves.  There were so many people in the bar itself that no one was paying any attention to the customers.  
One bartender kept shaking out a pitcher full of bills onto the bar next to us and counting them while still officially on duty.  1. Why would money ever get tossed around on a bar where people eat?  2. Why would he complain about his tips in front of us and keep ignoring that we were literally talking to him two feet away and asking for the check.  After we finally demanded to close our tab from a waitress while she was pouring drinks (super rude but there was actually no other choice), she printed out a check with the total bill.  We had a tab open with a credit card so that check was completely useless.  It took another 5 minutes before we flagged someone down to give us the card and print a receipt we could sign.  
Cherry on top- two friends had to stay longer than everyone else because their pizza order was just never made.  They were also charged full price for everything after having to sit alone.  Naturally, they had a terrible time flagging someone down to close the tab.  
I'd maybe go back for a beer but would pay in cash for every drink because their service is a mess.  Mediocre food is totally forgivable but it took work to ignore our requests to close the tab.  Work that could've been put into getting food delivered to the right tables.The pizza was good but it's small for the price and I don't want my crust burnt to the point I can't eat it.  Delivery driver was sitting in his car when he called to say he was here and then waited for us to go out to him.  Point of delivery is to the door, not for me to come out to the street.Pizza was badly burned and tasted bad. I assumed it must have been an one time bad experience and gave it another chance.  The same thing happened: they burned the bottom and pizza tasted really bad. Decided to give it no more chances.One of the best restaurants on Penn's campus. Its run out of the kitchen of a popular Penn bar (Smokes) and they serve up awesome casual yet creative Italian food, with the added bonus of access to pitchers of cheap beer. 
Foodwise, check out:
-- Chicken Sandwich - awesome chicken cutlet sandwich with a really good radicchio jam.
-- Meatballs - really good balls, really good sauce
-- Staff meal - every day they do a "staff meal", its basically a special that the kitchen staff are eating, it can be anything from a big pasta dish to a pizza. They don't tell you what it is when you sit down, so you should definitely ask.I always order delivery from Enjay's through Grubhub. The pizza is always amazing! I have tried the Supreme, the All the Peppers, the 6 Cheese, and the Mushroom and Caramelized Onion. I love every single one. They use different cheese blends and sauces on each so they all taste totally different and unique. The best best part is you can order a half-and-half in small or large sizes. Two flavor profiles in one! It's great for sharing, or if you are like me and hate food monotony. I would give them 5 stars, but the food aside from the pizza has always been a disappointment for me. They advertise the wings as crispy, but mine have never been. I know that delivery adds to the sog factor, but I have had much crispier delivery wings from other places. Also I tried the romaine, bacon, and ranch salad. The lettuce was super fresh but the bacon fat was not rendered, leaving half of the bacon pieces with chewy chunks of fat. I ended up pulling out more than half of the bacon because of this and then the salad just tasted plain. I ended up not finishing it. All in all, the pizza is fantastic, and is my go-to for wood fired, pricier pizza on this side of Philly. However I don't think I'll be giving the salads and wings another chance.Enjay's is currently a hidden gem located within Smokey Joe's, but in my opinion, they are the main attraction.  The fries are an absolute must, and the mushroom and onion pizza is to die for.  I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu, like the fried cauliflower. Enjay's does not serve your typical run of the mill deep fried bar food.  Check it out. I promise you will not be disappointed!I really enjoyed the thin slice with the puffy and airy crust!  It was one of the pizzas I had in the University City area.This is awesome pizza!  I had the mushroom and onion pizza.  Definitely a welcome change of scenery; I've had my fair share of Allegro's.  Mushroom and onion is just about my favorite combo ever.  This pizza was on the sweet side, with the caramelized onions providing a lot of the flavor.  The crust was done just right.  I'll definitely be trying their other pizzas on a day that I'm eating meat.Bar none, this is the best pizza in philly.  I've been to the classics like Taconellis, the new italian spots like Brigantessa,and the new hipster places like Dock Street, but Enjay's brings its a-game.  The mushroom and onion is my favorite, but you really can't go wrong.
They occassionaly get overwhelmed with delivery, but I won't fault them for that, it's a real whole in the wall.  It's also worth going to eat in at Smokes, because it is a high quality restaurant in a classic dive.  
In sum, this 'za is the best.So.... No words to say about this place. Scrumptious, delectable, flavorsome, Fantastic, phenomenal... And what else.
Before leaving Philly me and my wife decided to visit this place after hearing a lot about this place. 
Hidden inside Smokey Joe's, the atmosphere was nice and calm with dim lights and music and nice polite staff, on a Monday night 
Now coming to the food, we ordered Enjay's rosemary fries and half n half spice tomato pizza and mushroom and onion pizza. 
The fries were nice and presentable, with bell peppers and pickles (could not make out in din lights) served with aoili. 
But what to say about the pizza!!! pizza just activated all my taste buds. 
Even after two hours i could feel the taste of the pizza in my mouth. Crust- thin, fresh and crispy. Sauces and toppings amazing. I could not judge which pizza was more better out of the two. 
Highly recommended place and i would love to come back to this place again and again. 
In the end, the best pizza i have ever had. And wish i could rate it more than five stars.I've come twice. The first time I had a sausage and pepper with no cheese (reason being, lactose intolerance.) They were completely obliging, and it was delicious. Crunchy, spicy, meaty. Yum.
The second time I came I threw caution to the wind, and sampled the meatball sandwich. Brilliant decision really. The bread is homemade, and deliciously crunchy. The meatballs were excellent. Don't ask, but I'd have to guess there's veal in there. The portions are generous too.
I'd go back in a sec, and I will!Probably the best pizza I've had in Philly, on par with Dock Street's (and maybe better), but with the added advantage of being much closer to Penn's campus! Aside from the delicious pizza, Enjay's fries (crispy with rosemary and garlic), and the garlic knots are also fantastic. Both come to the table hot and freshly made, well-seasoned with freshly grated, good quality parmesan.
Keep in mind that the pizzas are made fresh to order, so there will be a bit of a wait time (but it'll be worth it).Well wow.
That mushroom and onion pizza was calling my name -- and it is SO good. They give you a generous amount of mushroom, the caramelized onions are very flavorful, the béchamel was just enough to give it an extra richness. The dough is so nice and chewy.. I have no complaints about this pizza at all. It's a definite winner. Better than some I've had in center city that claim to be the best. Enjay's is all that and more flavorwise, without the fancy-pants stigma. 
The wings were a bit salty ,  but fried well -- I wanted more of a flavor profile other than salt -- but they were pretty good. I'd love some garlic/salt/pepper flake rub may be what I'm going for
The Enjays fries were good -- but they were soggy when they got to me by delivery. Maybe that's something you just can't deliver. I like the hot peppers -- but soggy fries make me sad.. thus the 4 star review.When I started grad school at Penn 4 years ago, I never thought I would be cursing the days and hours that I couldn't get food at Smokey Joes. Now I curse Monday nights and long afternoons because it seems like that's always when the thought of Enjay's pizza creeps into my head. 
These guys know bread, which is absolutely the first prerequisite for amazing pizza. I haven't had better in Philly. The tomato sauce is bright and fresh, and the toppings are all well though-out. Also, it's totally student-budget-friendly. I really hope they are there to stay.Enjay's is some of the best pizza in Philadelphia. 
It's a go-to for my friends and me, but I recently hosted a big group (25 ppl) of out-of-town friends and family. We had Enjay's pizza as well as the garlic knots and wings and EVERYONE was pleased. No easy task with a lot of different people with different tastes. 
Enjay's was prepared for our big party size and had food out quickly. 
Whether you're looking for a quick to-go dinner or are with a big group of friends who want to sit back and enjoy some -za, Enjay's should be your first choice.I've gotten food from Enjay's twice.  The first time I got a meatball sandwich -- I thought it was great.  The bread, which must have been made from their pizza dough and cooked in the pizza open because it was oh so delicious and crispy on the outside and nice and bready in the inside, was amazing.  Just for that I wanted to come back asap.  The meatballs themselves were fine, but generally a very good tasty sandwich (although the fries they came with tasted like they'd been sitting around for awhile).  That was back in the fall.
I finally got around to going back again last week-- I ordered the chicken cutlet sandwich to go this time.  It was literally THE GREASIEST thing I've ever eaten.  I was so, unbelievably disappointed.  The pancetta and radicchio jam was really delicious.  But the chicken cutlet were thin, way-over fried cutlets, and it was just dripping with grease.  I literally was squeezing my sandwich together and watching oil ooze out.  Every bite was like a mouthful of oil.  Just not pleasant.  Again, I was really disappointed because I could tell that it had the makings of a tasty sandwich but was just poorly executed.  And as far as I could tell... the bread was just normal bread?  Did they stop cooking the bread from pizza dough (which was mentioned in zagat philly's review?)-- in any case it wasn't as delicious as the first time.  But at least the fries were much better this time.
I don't know.  I love the idea of Pitruco folks at Smokey's and I want to try their pizza... but I may be a little wary of the food now, and that chicken cutlet... not again.The pizza deserves 5 stars. It's the best pizza I've had in Philly.
It took us a while to figure out where Enjay's was, though. Enjay's is less a location than a name for the food inside the bar Smokey Joe's, which is extremely confusing. Everything was pointing us to Smokey Joe's. We finally asked the bartender and he told us we were in the right place, as in, inside Smokey Joe's, and if we ordered food we'd be eating at Enjay's. This is needlessly confusing. And I wonder how often this problem arises. If they want to have the dual name thing, maybe better signage outside would help.The guys from the pizza truck Pitruco are taking over the kitchen at Smokey Joe's bar near Penn starting tonight.  I was lucky enough to be invited to the soft opening last night, and the food is awesome!!  The roasted cauliflower hoagie was probably my favorite dish of the night, but it was all so good. The food is italian american with some twists.  It's all homemade, down to the bread for the hoagies, the pickles, and the mayonnaise.  The food is super affordable and the drinks, which are provided by Smoke's, are dirt cheap.Pizza was  Simple ingredients and toppings but the crust was scrumptious, the serving sizes were large -- what more could I have asked for? Also good atmosphere with people at the bar in other half of Smoke's so it's a relaxing and easy-going atmosphere. Beer and pizza--what more could you ask forI had the cauliflower sandwich. The toppings worked well, but the raisins (!) were missing. Maybe that was why my sandwich had extra aioli? Next time, I'd prefer the raisins and less aioli. The bread was excellent and the portions were great (and it came with fries, which the menu did not indicate). Bonus points for the spicy pickle spear.So, there is this divey Penn bar called Smokey Joe's, which I used to think was a BBQ place. Maybe they used to have BBQ food, but I am not one to know. But on this particular day I was in search for a place where the pizza was good and it was sit down style. I have a good delivery place, but it's not a table service type of joint.
So, I came across Enjay's Pizza. Here's the thing, it's called Enjay's because it started out as a food truck by this name. Somewhere, the Enjay guy and Smokey Joe's had a beer (my imagination), and Enjay said, "Dude, it would be awesome if I could have your kitchen to make my pizza in. I am tired of working in a truck." And, Smokey replied, "Well, our food sucks, it's all yours." But Enjay was not ready to give up his name, so you go to Smokey Joe's, but Enjay wants you know, it's his darn pizza.
Well, good for Enjay for making sure to get credit where credit is due. The silver lining in this divey bar is Enjay's Pizza! It's some good stuff! Seriously, if I were still a college student, I might live inside this place. I love pizza. And, I used to love beer. But I am an old dude with a family who more likes beer these days. But I still love pizza!Just arrived in Philly from Rochester NY and needed a place to eat. This place (found through yelp) was a two blocks away. Had great reviews and I concur. My 17 yr old ordered a pizza with meatballs. Tender meat balls with a sausage meat blend. My 15 yr old wanted just cheese and my wife and I ordered the mushroom and onion with pepperoni. Béchamel, mushrooms (fine cut creminis & maitakes) and caramelized onions. Delicious! It just worked. The pizza is fairly thin and tastes like it was cooked on a  stone. The dough and crust is fantastic!! I included photo of the the shroom, onion, pepperoni pizza. Photo was with a flash (sorry about that). Looking foreword to trying again before I head home. 
Be warned, they combined with Smokey Joes and we initially walked passed the place. Nice dark woody atmosphere.Didn't get to try the food because they DON'T have high chairs and I was with my family. This is a family neighborhood not just a college area. Please invest in some high chairs.Every meal at Enjay's has been a fabulous experience from the warm welcoming from the staff to the always delicious food. My favorite is the apple-walnut salad i could eat it everyday.  It's a great favorable combination that tickle all of the taste buds. The Enjay burger is always juicy & quality & the buns made in house add that extra touch.  Even the pizza isn't just plain jane everything has a delectable flair (even Guy Fieri from Diners, Drive-In's & Dives would dig this place) my latest fave is the most chicken parm. The warm atmosphere gives it a Cheers family like feel. The only glitch is its not wheelchair accessible in the least, however the Enjay's folks are very aware of it, very accommodating where possible, & and understanding & wish they (& desire) to be accessible & I'm sure if an order is placed to go they'd be happy to bring your meal to you at the door.Outstanding mushroom pizza and chopped salad. And a donut with just the right sweetness. Wish I lived here so I could come here frequently! But next time I'm in Philly....I love Enjay's pizza.
I USED to love their meatball hoagie more. I travel a lot for work and would bring a hoagie on the plane with me to have once I landed.
NO LONGER!
At some point in the last few months, they've switched breads. WHY?! WHY FORESAKE ME AND MY MEATBALL HOAGIE? Instead of a good, delicious, hoagie roll, I find myself begrudgingly biting into a toasted sesame seed hamburger bun.
A sandwich is defined first and foremost by its bread.
Bring back the bread, Enjay. Bring it back.
Please.What a delightful find! I got two smalls delivered on a Friday night: the sausage and pepper and the mushroom and onion. Delivered within half an hour, arrived warm enough but not piping hot. 
Delicious flavors for both, and a great, chewy crust. Only complaint was how thin the pizzas were in the middle, to the point of soggy. However the flavors were so good this will definitely become my regular go-to for a tasty, slightly fancier-than-normal pie.Absolutely sublime pizza. Best in West Philly as far as I am concerned. 
The dough is PHENOMENAL. 
The cheese is heaven. 
And the sauce is love.Giving one star is being generous I called twice it rang to a voicemail at first I thought I had the wrong number... Double checked the number and called back. The man that answered seemed pissed off that I called huffing and puffing so o was like is this Enjays pizza??? His answer was there's no delivery tonight!! 
Righttt I'm never calling here again seriously rude service!!!The place itself is a pretty cool place in a pretty cool setting. The inside of the building is pretty cool too with pictures all over. 
I asked what is better burger or pizza? She said both. Typical answer. However when pushed came to shove she said pizza and I am glad she did.
I had a supreme small pizza for myself. I was hungry and it filled me right up. It was great. I would definitely come back again. Price was little over 20 dollars with the tip.This pizza is delicious. Best pizza in the area. I was almost going to give up on Philly pizza, but this place delivers delicious light, just the right proportion of crisp, cheese, sauce, and toppings. Oh! Their fries are soo good too!!I've had Enjay's twice, once dining in and once for delivery, two very different experiences.  When I ate at the restaurant the pizza was phenomenal, and I highly recommend it. I do not recommend getting delivery however.  I was hoping it would be just as good but I was disappointed. I ordered a half and half pizza, and they skimped on the toppings, leaving a good part of the pie without (but you still pay full price).   Maybe it's different if you order a pie one style? I also ordered garlic knots (you get 3), and ordered medium wings which were actually very hot, and they charge for ranch.  I wound up overall disappointed by the mediocre delivery, you're better off ordering from Colonial or Zesto's.I can't believe this place doesn't have more reviews! When I heard about the collaboration of Enjay's & Smokey Joe's I couldn't wait to try it out!!! 
We got the fries, a meatball sub & a small plain cheese pizza to share. Everything hit the spot. The fries had parmesan & peppers mixed with them & we didn't realize the sub ALSO came with fries... We almost wished the plain fries that came with the sub were made up like the parm & pepper fries because they were THAT good! Having had Pitruco pizza before I knew the pizza would be heavenly & it definitely met my expectations! 
I have never been to Smokey Joe's, even after having been at Penn for three years... I really liked the atmosphere... It wasn't crowded (around 8 on a Saturday night), but I'm sure that will change when the amazingness of the Enjay's collaboration is discovered. 
The price is definitely right. If you're looking for well-made bar food (really it's better than bar food) & some lagers, this is the place to be. We will absolutely be back!I stopped here for a pizza to go, and had a draft while I was waiting.  The beer was cold, and the pizza was OK, the bottom crust was a little burned, which I personally don't like.  Other than that, it was goodIf you're looking for New York style pizza, this place has it, grease and floppiness and all (those are good things, by the way). If you get a large and have trouble eating the giant slices, try folding them over! They take custom orders (e.g. half and half) and season the pizzas well such that even the plain hits the spot, though I would love to have even more basil. The pizza's not cheap so it may not be an efficient way of feeding a crowd, but they would work great for feeding a pair or small group. As someone who grew up in New Jersey (perhaps the origin of the name Enjay's??), it's great to have this place close by for when I crave the stuff from local pizzerias back home. Support the business by calling directly to pick up rather than using Grubhub, but note that it'll be cash-only.I've been looking forward to trying Enjay's Pizza, as I've tried the pizza from their truck, Pitruco and loved it.
We went for dinner on Friday night and had an enjoyable experience for the most part.
We ordered:
-Sweet-Sour Shallot Glaze Wings
-Fried Cauliflower Hoagie
-Spicy PIzza
I'm not the biggest wings fan, but these wings were enjoyable. The glaze was nice and not overwhelmingly spicy but still plenty flavorful from the sweet-sour glaze. The portion was a decent size.
I've heard great things about the Fried Cauliflower Hoagie, and it didn't disappoint. The crispy cauliflower in the caper-raisin sauce is really delicious. The pickled red onions adds a nice bright, acidic note and rounds out the sandwich.
We may have ordered wrong, but the spicy pizza was just ok. The crust, as always, was great. The toppings were kind of underwhelming, but that may be a result of what we ordered.
Service was relaxed and casual, kind of fitting the environment.Didn't expect it but, Enjay's Pizza was truly exceptional. Friendly atmosphere, great service and delicious menu items. Every single thing that I have actually tried has been rather delicious. The crew was really friendly and service is awesome. Enjay's Pizza - It is a unique and wonderful experience.Not good! Got a large pepperoni that was tasteless. An unfavorable welcome to the Philly pizza scene. Would not returnFinally. After over two years in Philadelphia, I finally found a pizza that stacks up to NYC pizza. I had pretty much given up - don't get me wrong, there's decent pizza to be found in Philly, and I still love Taconneli's, but finding a New York-style pie done right seemed to be a lost cause. Until last night.
The reviews and photos of pizzas from Enjay's were intriguing enough to make it our pick for this week's takeout. The prices are a bit higher than the norm, but what would you expect from a pizza place off the Penn campus? But also, IMHO, totally worth it.
After picking up our pie we had a 15 minute walk home, but I had to open the box to get a whiff of the fresh out of the oven pizza, and that was the first good sign - total nostalgia hit to the beloved Brooklyn pizza of my childhood. For the best experience, you really need to eat the pizza on the spot, but I treasure my routine too much to sacrifice it to a slight improvement in taste, so I didn't get to try it until we got home. Reheated, it was still pretty awesome- the crust is VERY thin, and the cheese is VERY ample. Two of the smallest slices from the large pie and I was definitely done for the night.
The cheese is what most reminds me of New York - the mozzarella and seasoning blend were perfect. The tomato sauce was pretty great too, and while the crust was a little thinner than I'd prefer, just be sure to reheat it in the oven to get it crispy, or if you're doing things the right way (which I wasn't) it should work pretty great if eaten on the spot.
The one aspect of the experience that wasn't worth it was the garlic knots. They were mediocre, but really, just dont bother. $18 for a large plain pie? Worth it? $4 for three garlic knots? Please, the good places in Brooklyn will give you a half dozen for that price and they'll be a lot better, too. But they weren't disappointing enough to detract from a 5-star review. My mission to find good NYC-style pizza in Philadelphia has finally been achieved!Ordered pizza and wings and was very impressed with both. Pizza was the best I've been able to find in west philly, by far. The wings were even better. They were quite large and cooked well. I got buffalo- hot and they were hot but not crazy. Good flavor. This is definitely my new pizza spot.Best pizza in West Philly, hands down. Zavino might top them in terms of quality, but you're gonna pay a lot more. They are neck and neck with Dock Street, but Enjay's inches ahead due to their portions. Sure, you're gonna pay more than you're average college pizza joint, but might as well spend the extra money to support some great, local pizza.Seriously brilliant food!  Look, if you want pizza that's mediocre, just to soak up your booze; this may not be for you.  If you want fabulous pizza, that has all the hallmarks of a homemade pizza; this is it!
I am 55 years old, and have been living in Philly for 35 of them.  Obviously I have ordered some pizza, in that time.  As of now, this is the only place I'll order from again, ever.
Where have you been all my life?!  Muwah!
Oh, I'd say more and add pics, but I''m about to order.  Cheers.Pizza is awesome!!  I can't vouch for the other food yet but the pizza is official. I'm concerned about consistency because some of the pictures on here are not nearly as seductive as the 2 back to back pies from heaven I received from them. Hope they keep it up.Enjay's Pizza you are absolutely incredible, I had an incredible experience here today. The menu is impressive, I was overwhelmed with the choices. Everything we bought was excellent and the menu itself was to die for. Awesome. Great service and staff. Bottom line: Enjay's Pizza = awesome.This place has been around forever, with some of the current professors being patrons at a time when they were students themselves. Cool interior. Friendly staff. It's a gem most of the younger crowd doesn't frequent, perhaps opting for the trendier venues. Great place for good pizza and fried chicken. Oldies on the speakers perfect for us older crowd.Enjay's Pizza you are most certainly awesome, I had a spectacular experience here today. Friendly service, welcoming atmosphere. Every single menu item that we purchased was very fresh and flavorful. Bonus that their service is so really good, they are so swift and friendly. Def will be returning.I've been back in Philadelphia for a  year and a half now and I've been searching for a place that delivers good pizza and wings and let me tell you ENJAYS is the only I'll EVER order from again QUALITY FOOD YO!!!!!!! I ordered a half plain half pepperoni I must say they messed it up it came all pepperoni but it was so good I couldn't  be mad about it....fresh basil oregano and mozzarella wow and the wings to my surprise was tossed with green peppers fantastic if anyone knows me I'm  a picky ass pizza eater enjays I salute you!!!!So, I placed the order for a SMALL pizza, medium spicy wings and their "Enjay's fries". I asked how many a small pizza served the guy said 6 ppl! I know, crazy. Then I asked the total and he said $31! I said "$31 for a small pizza, wings and fries?" He said, "yes".‍ I said "ok  how long?" He said "7 minutes" I said, "7 minutes for all that?" Again he said, "yes". I said, " I hope it's good" he said ," ok". Lol.I got there and the front of the shop looks like a bar so I called and he said yes it's there I ask a waitress and she tells me where it's located. When I got there and see the huge box I think, no way that's a small but whatever, I'm hungry. I get home 6 minutes later and take pics for this review FIRST because if you read my other reviews you know sometimes I just dig in and forget. Well the pizza is cold. Yes, cold which is odd because it was just made right? Ok. Anyway, the wings are hot and the fries are not at all like they're described on the menu. They're super soft and limp. Surprisingly, the pizza isn't bad, just cold. I have had plenty of cold pizzas, I am college educated so I've eaten my fair share of cold pizza. I could see me trying something else maybe during the day. I did ask 2 patrons that were dining in near the front door and an open window how they like their pizza and they said " it's so hot they can't really eat it yet"  I told them "mine  was ready in 7 minutes" , they said " well we definitely waited longer than 7 minutes. " Now I know why. ‍What a fantastic find Enjay's Pizza is. Wonderful energy across the board. Every single menu item that we have purchased was very fresh and flavorful. The team members are all very nice and helpful. I had a wonderful experience here at Enjay's Pizza.