This was the worst ethiopian food ever. It took 30 minutes for us to get the vegetarian combo without injera. The restaurant part was empty just us 4. We got the combo for $30 which was supposed to feed 3-4 people. It really only feeds 3. The food was cold and the lentils were super watery with no seasonings. I told the cook and she stated it was watery because we didn't eat with injera. I told her that wasn't the case that we eat Ethiopian a lot and we know how it should taste. I recommend the following for great Ethiopian food. Kaffa Crossing, Ethio, Goji, Dahlak, or Queen of Sheba. They are a 100 times better than this place. The cook at Era needs to be fired because she is Ethiopian but can't cook Ethiopian food. I must say the bartender that was our waiter as well was nice.The vegetarian platter was great and they were very sweet hosts. I alao like liked the old school bar in front. The small eatery in the back is sparse but I like that better than contrived and stuffy. Its a little bright in there but the food is great quality. I recommend if you like no nonsense ethopian eating at a reasonable price. Which. I sure do!The injera was soft and fluffy and the sides were all yumm! Parking was a little difficult to find though.This was the worst Ethiopian food ever. We went for the veggie combo which is supposed to serve 3-4 people for $30. I never had watered down lentils with no seasoning. The serving is only for 3 people. When I told the cook how watery and bad the lentils were she said oh because you didn't it the injera. I said no I am ethiopian and eat it all the time.I play quizzo every Wednesday here and I love it. I would arguably reason quizzo is the best night to go to this bar. The quiz master is lively and the prizes are fun and weird. The questions can be difficult, but you always leave with a cool fact or two. The food is good, one of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly. Also CHEAP. I got 3 beers and an entree for $18 total. The staff is wonderful and very sweet. $10 credit card minimum. Highly recommended.Very good service, but the food is just okay. Abbysynia's is much better.This place is the definition of  a dive and I loved every ounce of it.  Came here for a friends birthday and did not know what to expect.  We started out with the "special" which was a shot of probably the cheapest whiskey made on the planet and a bottle of lion's head beer.  If I recall the totally cost was just a few bucks.  
After a few specials I of course had to indulge in some Ethopian food, which I have never tried before this night.  The young lady behind the bar was more than helpful and I informed her that this would be my first Ethopian meal and she helped guide me through the menu selection.  I had Yedora Alecha, AInjera, House Salad & Misner Lentils.  Obviously I cannot compare this to another Ethopian restaurant since it is my first but it was great nonetheless.
Back to the drinks, I drank, I bought others drinks, I ate, I bought others more drinks, I drank some more.  We shut the place down!  My total bill, $50!  This was ridiculous, I've never had such a cheap but great night in my life.  I am willing to come back to Philly just to have some fun here again.
I can't give it a 5 star cause it's still a dive lol.I've never eaten at ERA, though I've heard fabulous things. But I'm here to talk about it's place in my heart as my local watering hole. 
The owners/bartenders are incredibly sweet, the booze is relatively cheap and you can usually get a spot on the $1 pool table pretty quickly. This dive is cozy and friendly with an awesome jukebox. They occasionally host fun quizzos on Wednesday and celebrate their bartenders birthday with cake for everyone! It's a sweet local joint that makes me feel welcome every time I step in. As a dive bar, you shouldn't expect any fancy cocktails. Definitely and beer and liquor place, Philly special welcome.Local haunt. I'm here nearly every night reading for class or hanging with friends. The bartenders are friendly and the drinks are cheap. Food is good, but be prepared to wait for it. They have the most illogically placed pool table, but, damn, I have to have wasted hundreds of dollars on that thing.you don't come here for the service or the atmosphere. 
you come here for the bil ol meat pancakes. they are delicious and weird!
4 stars cause once we waited like forever for the food to come and i got cranky and said some things i didnt mean to my boyfriend.Everytime I go there I leave satisfied. Good atmosphere and great service, and the price is very reasonable.  Traditional Ethiopian food, the lentils are well prepared and it's always my favorite vegetarian dishI've been living in the Brewerytown area for 5 years, and there aren't many places to go to.  I could pay $10 to get into the north star and then buy $5 yuenglings and pretend i'm in old city (remember when you only payed if you were seeing the band?)  Could go down to fairmount and hit that strip of bars, however, the ERA is my new favorite place.  To begin with, I love Ethiopean food, so to not have to truck over to west philly is great.  It does take a bit for the food to come out, but guess what, they have a great bar too!  $3 for a lions head and bourbon, or you can get a flying fish draft for the same price.  their happy hour is even better, with $2 drafts of good beers.  I will say that I went in their one night at 5pm, started calling friends and the next thing i know their are 15 of us and it's 1:30am.  it was a lot of fun with an interesting jukebox and a pool table.  I hesitate to tell people about it because i'd like to keep it how it is.Era is a cozy little Ethiopian Dive bar and my favorite place in our neighborhood to get drinks. The prices are insanely good. There is also a pool table to keep you entertained. I'm not crazy about their food but I haven't tried it in over a year and think that Ethiopian food isn't necessarily for me. However, if you are headed out for just drinks and a relaxy kind of night this is the perfect spot.Typically like Era- the bar is great and food, if a little slow, is usually worth waiting for. But last night I ordered the special Kotfo (tartar blended with cottage cheese) and was told it was off the menu. Then ordered the Kofto tartar, and waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for Raw beef, salad and lentils that I'm sure were already prepared. I was just on the verge of "really, I'm getting too drunk to stay here without food" when it arrived, and the lentils were almost cold when they came. I really like this place and hope it was an off night, because spreading tartar on a plate and scooping lentils and salad shouldn't take over an hour. It wasn't busy. Come on, Era!This is an ok place for a little group get together where you would prefer to hear each other talk.  Nothing loud about it.  Drink specials for the serious or broke drinker won't disappoint.  One was (wish I could remember which one) a beer and a shot of bourbon for 3 bucks.  Therefore, a ten spot will have you well on your way.  :)
The food is the real kicker.  Authentic Ethiopian dishes cooked by Ethiopians.  Spicy and flavorful.  
The place was a bit in need of some cool air but I give extra props for having a pool table with kind bumpers.  
For the feeling of the night that I had enjoyed I'd rate a 4 star, but overall for Era, I really have to settle in at three.Amazing food. Such a pleasant surprise from a dive bar. Eating with your hands. Good music. Good beer. 
Cons:the food took a while but still so worth it$3 shot + beer special will not disappoint. Pool table in the back, huge bar with seats all around, and a decent juke machine. In short, the perfect dive. Oh, tried to order but kitchen closed at ten. Just a heads up to my fellow late night snack attackers.I must preface this review by admitting that by the time I got my food, I was already two sheets to the wind (which turned into three sheets... or maybe five... by the time we left), which worked to Era's advantage in that I didn't mind too much that the food took nearly an eternity to come out. I was busying myself with their not very extensive, but very reasonably priced, drink menu. 
I'm getting ahead of myself. I strolled over to Era with Hunter, Aaron O., and McThrill after an enthralling meeting of the amazing record-and-beer club. Since I'd been drinking beer nearly all afternoon, I was clearly not in any state to cook (or clean up after cooking); and, since Aaron had been talking about Era for a while, I thought it would be a good time to give it a go. It's pretty much a dive with above-par food, so I didn't have any qualms about entering in my somewhat inebriated condition.
It's kind of in a crappy section of town, at 28th and Girard, but I didn't feel at any time that my safety was at risk. Of course, I had the fog of a buzz shrouding me, and three brawny, fearless, man-o-steel men to protect me (hold your laughter--Bill's new spiky haircut could definitely have done some damage if provoked, and Aaron would have put up a good fight to prevent theft of his fancy new Oakleys). 
We entered the bar just around dinner time, and were greeted by a friendly, unassuming, middle-aged bartender. There was one other group in the bar, so it was pretty quiet. I liked the layout of the bar... it's like a giant rectangle that fills the entire room, with a hollow middle for (obviously) the bartender and the booze. The bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders, remembering to bring each of us a water as we had requested. I ordered a Sly Fox Route 113 IPA, which was only $4 for the pint. Now, here is the part that left me in disbelief: You can't even get a pint of the 113 AT THE SLY FOX BREWERY for $4. They're $4.50 there. The fact that Era even offered this beer was impressive, since I've seen the Phoenix Pale, the Slacker Bock, and the Pikeland Pilsener on tap all over the city, but not once have I seen the 113. Awesome.
After my IPA, I decided to take the plunge and order their $3 special: a shot of Heaven Hill (take the first two letters and the last two letters and you have what it should be called) whiskey and a bottle of Lionshead. My buzz kept me occupied for the first thirty-five minutes of waiting time, but then I started getting a bit restless, so I drank water. After about another fifteeen minutes, our food finally arrived. Thankfully, it looked and smelled delicious. If we had waited a few minutes longer, my stomach may have begun to eat itself.
I ordered the Yedoro Alicha, which (according to their Menu Pages menu, since I couldn't remember for my life what was on my plate) delicate chicken simmered with onions and mild spices. It came out simply presented on a very large plate and contained a chicken leg, a spongy pancake-like thingy, and two sides of vegetables (don't ask me what they were... I think one contained beans?). The chicken was perfectly cooked and spiced, although there could have been a bit more chicken and a bit less fluff. The sides, from what I remember, were delicious, and I really enjoyed wrapping everything up in the pancake (the pancake was definitely conducive to my drunken state). The whole plate was about $9. Very reasonable.
After we finished our meals, I really wanted to do a car bomb, because I've never done one before (you can pull your jaw up now), and they were only $6. I convinced Aaron to do one with me, even though he didn't really want to, and he beat me by about five full seconds. I have to work on my car bomb-chugging skills, for sure.
Even though I'm moving to South Philly on Sunday and Era will no longer be in my neighborhood, I will definitely be back to re-experience (or, perhaps, experience sentiently for the first time) the parts that I was too drunk to remember.It cost me $5 for a pint of Yuengling and a bottle of Lionshead.
Yes.Pretty good Ethiopian food, but as SEPTA patrons, it's not quite worth the trek for us, since it's sort of off the beaten path. If we lived in the neighborhood, it would probably be a different story.
As can be deduced from the reviews of others here, this is quite a unique space. Half dive-bar, half Ethiopian cafe, we felt kind of awkward and out of place as the only customers in the cafe area on a weeknight. We also felt like a burden, since the girl working the bar (who was very nice), had to regularly stop what she was doing to come into the cafe and check on us. 
The food was good, but a bit disappointing compared to some other Ethiopian joints we've visited in the city. However, the prices were great!
Era is definitely worth checking out, especially if you're in the area, just not quite the right fit for us.Era has a new cook and the quality definitely is not as good.  The portions were smaller, the meat dishes were looser.  I just got an Ethiopian cookbook so I might start replicating dishes at home.Solid- perfect corner bar with great food. Appropriately priced. Best spot in this and many neighborhoods.Hands down, the very best Ethiopian dive bar I've ever been to.
I've eaten here several times and each time the food was tasty, the draft beer cold, and the atmosphere ... just like a dive bar. It's a great place for slow, casual food and drinks. The food is made fresh for you and even if you're the only patron, it takes a while between ordering and arrival at your table.Yes it is a hole in the wall but you can get 6 drinks for less $20 that not happy hour specials. The beer list is decent and they serve Ethopian food and also there are other selection on the menu. You cannot go wrong with such affordable prices for drinks.Finally tried out this little Ethiopian joint near my house. We went with two couples and two small kids on a weekday evening around 6pm. We were the only folks there (both in the back restaurant and the front cool-looking bar). Our waitress was a lovely Ethiopian woman - very friendly and sweet. We had to work a little to make sure she understood our order, but it worked out fine. We ordered way too much food for the six of us and so took it home.  The one drawback of the evening was that it took a very long time (near an hour, I think) for our food to come, suggesting that she was whipping it all up from scratch in the back. Delicious food! Cheap beer! Quiet setting! We'll be back...Era is a wonderful mixture: a beautiful oval shaped bar, drunk life-long neighborhood residents, delicious food, young "edgy" college students, and cheap prices.  This is a spot where you can watch baseball, meet weirdos, and play quizzo; all at the same time.  After drinking at Era several times, I've finally dined there too.
Era is a great spot.  The bar is one of my favorites in the city, in terms of construction.  It's long, round, and right in the center of the room.  A friendly bar tender pops up and down it pouring beers and serving up the ubiquitous city wide special.  Familiar craft beers like Yards are on tap, and the keg of SlyFox 113 IPA seems to be endless.  With a pool table to boot, Era already has the makings of a decent and interesting bar.
But the menu!  Delicious Ethiopian food is servered up for lunch and dinner, and the entrees top out at $12.  Vegetarian, chicken, beef, and lamb (the only real disappointment here, as it was much too tough) are all represented on the menu with different spices and sauces.  When you order, you meal comes out on a huge plate covered in injera, an Ethiopian pancake like bread.  You dig in with your hands and make a delicious mess.  And it's honestly more food than one person can reasonably eat.
Bottom Line: Era is weird, Era is cheap, Era has good food.  The service is lax, but the whole experience is unique.  I like it.I've been coming here for several years; this place has gone downhill over the years. First of all, the bartenders changed and service has declined as a result. I loved the bartenders who used to work here on the weekends, and the new ones are inexperienced and rude. 
Next, the food has always been unpredictable, but the last time I was here, I ordered the doro wot (chicken in red sauce with an egg) with greens and lentils. The portions were tiny and the bread was dry and crusted like it's been laying out for days. And to top it all off, I watched a cockroach walk across the counter as I was eating. 
I would prefer the food and service at the other Ethiopian counterparts in West Philly.
Overall, Era has simply deteriorated in food and bartender service quality and it's a shame. The only good thing left about this bar is Leon, the security, who is always friendly and helpful.Definitely a fan of this place, great drink specials, even better Ethiopian food, which if you haven't tried you need to. This spot is most definitely going on my local watering hole list...One-trick pony, but it's a great trick. An inexpensive place to have a drink. Not that easy to come by these days, but Sunday special ($4 for a lager and a shot of Jameson) and the $3 citywide (Lionshead and Heaven Hill) are some of the better deals in town. Easy to go big, so take it easy.I wanted to love this place. I really did. The number of people who told me to go try it over the last year will be disappointed to know that I do not share their same enthusiasm. The inside no-frills decor appealed to my senses from the moment I walked in, but unfortunately neither I nor my 3 other friends enjoyed the meals very much. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but we all got something different and I didn't care for their food either.The whole family enjoyed this place, with tasty and relatively light ethiopian fare.  I wish they had chickpea dish SHURO (my favorite ethiopian dish), but still, this was yummy. we'll be back, and saves us a trip to west philly.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Great neighborhood bar with a wide variety of customers. The food is awesome and the drinks are cheap. Definitely my go to.Best Ethiopian spot ever! Its the perfect combination of a dive bar and great authentic food! Love the laid back atmosphere! The staff is great!Amazing, close, delicious. Friendly staff and the FOOD! Under 21 so I did not drink but definitely plan on going again soon and when i do turn 21. Huge plate of food that is inexpensive but delicious and filling!it's a good place for audible convos with friends, but it's not good for anyone who is starving. there were only 2 other tables and we waited over an hour for our dinner. my friends' dishes were good, but my dish was too spicy to discern whichever type of veggie or meat that i was eating.  and then at some point, a stray cat ran into the restaurant and hid under my chair. that was my cue to leave.We all sat , in the stuffy Music room. Awkward freshmen, yawning in the early morning class. A single boombox, stood on a stool. The music teacher walked up and pushed play.
 What followed was a veritable all star team, of 80s music titans, singing "We Are The World". Its almost sad that it took Huey Lewis and Kenny Loggins to inform us sheltered kids, that people were starving in the world, but it was effective. The song was a smash, and raised tons of money for the organization USA for Africa. Win-win. The only down side is that between We Are The World and then Live Aid, I would forever associate Africa (and more specifically, Ethiopia) with starvation.
  This stereotype, this ignorance, has stuck with me into adulthood, to the point where when I heard about an Ethiopian restraunt, I was indignant.  "They have a cuisine?!" " And its really good?!"  Apparently so, but I had a hard time imagining it. Even after hearing kudos from people , whose opinion I respected, I was skeptical.
This brings me to Era.  Era is located in an area of Philly, which I am beginning to love. It lies on the outskirts of the Fairmount/Art Museum area, and is about as unassuming as a place can get. I went with some seasoned professionals (I wont stoop so low as to call them "foodies") who knew their stuff, both about food and the city in general.
We were immediately greeted by Leon, who was managing. He was welcoming and personable. Era had been described to me as a dive bar. Id have to disagree somewhat. While it was definitely no-frills, there was too much warmth, more like a neighbors basement bar. Drink prices are outrageously low. A $6 car bomb is enough to knock me out of my suburban routine. The barkeep was also friendly and adorable, 2 other adjectives that have no business describing a dive. 
The food. This is what I was afraid of. Forget about my ignorance with Ethiopia, im just not an adventurous eater. Now mix back in my cluelessness about the regional cuisine and I was anxious. Thankfully, the menu was simple and clear. You picked a dish from about 12 choices and 2 sides from 5 total options. Nothing crazy like lion or zebra, just beef, chicken, lamb or lentil. It eased my mind.
I chose the beef with peppers and onions (there was the ethiopian name for it which I sadly forget). Im told the wait can be long, as they often make things to order, from scratch. Our wait wasnt too bad, especially since the bar was a fun place and the company was good.
The food was delivered by the chef, a stunning ethiopian woman, who made it as if she were cooking for her family back home. It was served on a large plate and there was a crepe-like bread , which covered the plate, 3 heaps of food ( 1 meat 2 sides) separated in the middle and another crepe rolled up on the side. No utensils are necessary, you use the bread tom eat everything. So very cool, my utensil hating son would feel right at home. 
The food was amazing. The crepe had no distinct flavor, which let the flavors of the food reign. My sides were a lentil/onion dish and a house salad with delicious homemade dressing. The beef with peppers and onions were perfectly prepared and devilishly spiced. I was feeling that burn , in the best way possible. I called them , Ethiopian Fajitas, but ive never had mexican food so spicy, yet not obnoxiously hot.
Lately I havent been able to finish my meals at restraunts. Maybe its old age, but I dont bring places to their knees like I used to. I hope my inability to finish, didnt convey that I didnt like it. If anything , I was being greedy, and wanting to prolong the meal by saving it for another day. I am truly looking forward to lunch tomorrow, and maybe even introducing my kids to some cuisine other than chicken nuggets.
Thank You! To my dining companions, both the ones I came with and those I met there. Thank You ! To Era for a wonderful meal as well as putting a new stereotype about Ethiopia in my head. One of friendly people and amazing food. Im sure food this good could get an all star group of musicians to bust out another We Are the World.I really enjoyed my visit to this Ethiopian restaurant/neighborhood dive bar. My dining companion and I came here on a weekday night when it was very quiet. We ate in the dining room in back. The wait for our food seemed interminable. We were starving and we waited about 40 minutes for our food even as the only people eating! But when it came out it was a luscious, fragrant thing of beauty. We ordered the combo platter which is supposed to be enough food for four people, which I am sure it is... it is also just enough food for two completely ravenous individuals who just waited 40 minutes to get their meal!
The young woman who waited our table was very nice and made us feel welcome there. This place is an absolute hole in the wall so don't expect fanciness if you come here. However, the food was very good, better than what I've had in West Philly.Gonna have to go ahead and give this one 5 stars.  Nice open bar room with down to earth patrons.  (They'll say hi even if they don't know you.)  Phils game was on.  $3 Lionshead and well whiskey shot special ALL THE TIME.  Food was great and inexpensive.  Waitress was attentive and fun to talk to.  Only complaint was that the portions could have been bigger, as we needed to order a pizza to share a few hours later...  Other than that, a wholly enjoyable and recommendable experience.  I plan to be back.Era is a jewel. I didn`t experience the bar part, so this review is based solely on the restaurant side of the establishment.
The space is small, in fact I think there are only three tables. Its a very quaint, familial, cafe feel with lively decor featuring AMAZING art (including a mural) by a Philadelphian painter/lawyer. I went on a Saturday evening and my friend and I were the only ones there to eat.
I had the yebeg wot, which is a semi-spicy stewed lamb. It was the perfect size for the price, and absolutely delicious - served on warm Injera with extra rolled pieces on top. Our server was super friendly and interested in us (maybe he was having a slow day, LOL); in any case, he tended to our table well. I also ordered delicious black Ethiopian coffee with my meal.
I`ll be returning. I have a feeling this will be a frequent visit for me now.I won't pretend to be an expert on the cuisine because, well, I'm not completely pretentious. That said, the food is great, the service is beyond friendly, and you can get fat and drunk for under 25 dollars. Yeah, get over here.Lots of people have written about what type of bar this is but I want to talk solely about the food.  It's amazing, wonderful....I can't think of the right descriptives for it.  We had never tried Ethiopian food and thought we would just give it a try.  We were blown away.  This is our new favorite place to go.
First off, the bartender/waitress was extremely friendly (as was everyone there) and we felt comfortable right away.  She led us through the menu and gave excellent suggestions.  Ethiopian food is either a meat or veggie entree with sides served on a large platter with this spongy, yeasty bread that you use to wrap up all the tasty goodness.  We were so full because we couldn't stop eating - we didn't WANT to stop eating - it just was so good.   Everything was obviously extremely fresh - when we commented on that with the bartender, she mentioned that the owner prides himself on picking everything out himself and goes so far as to be present when all the meat is butchered.  Talk about fresh!  Very impressive.
We will definitely be going back - many, many times.  The price couldn't be beat - we had two huge entrees, four beers and it came to $35.  Amazing.   Don't let the decor fool you - it's wood paneling everywhere except for a great mural in the back dining room - and don't let the people calling it a dive bar keep you away - it really is a hidden gem of a place and well worth the trip.If you've never had Ethiopian food ERA is the place to go. There is a oval shaped bar in the front along with a dining room in the back if the bar doesn't suit you, the bar has a very divey feel. My personal favorites are the spicy lamb tibs as well as the ribeye. ERA also has a good city wide special and a very solid beer list.I haven't tried the Ethiopian food here yet, but ERA is a great, fun, low-key sort of neighborhood bar.  They have karaoke and on Tuesdays all beers on tap are $2!  You really can't beat that anywhere!
The bartenders here are also really friendly and not assholes like at some other dive bars (ie. Dirty Franks).I've only had Ethiopian food 3 times and I would say this was the best! My girlfriend and I split the veggie sampler which is supposed to be enough for 4. We almost finished the whole thing and left more than satisfied. Era doesn't look like much from the outside or even the inside but I would recommend it to anyone!first time trying ethiopian food...
omg i love this place. came here with a group of friends to grab some dinner and beers. everything about this place is awesome. food...service...atmosphere...everything!
you walk into a dive bar with a few regular patrons. to dine, you walk to the back. the dining area was a bit smaller but is able to seat a decent amount of people. we did a combo plate and shared. the plate consisted of three meat choices and three vegetables. we did beef, chicken and lamb with greens, and two other veg sides. everything was so damn good. we split the plate amongst the four of us and it was perfect! 
they also had a special of a shot of jameson and lionshead for like $4/$5!!! what?! the beers are cheap and they have a decent selection. 
next time i'm in brewerytown, i'm gonna have to make another stop here!The food here is really amazing and exotic. I have never had it before but went with a friend and it was very enjoyable. Bar staff is nice. Crowd is interesting and hipstery.
Dive bar with amazing food.
Had to drop a star off cause the area around here can be dangerous.I freakin' love this bar. I loved it from the moment I set foot in it. Its like when you meet someone for the first time and have an instant rapport.
huge U shaped bar. Un-fancy yet homey dive decor. Nice smells from the authentic Ethiopian kitchen. Basic tap, chalkboard of dirt cheap daily specials. Jukebox, pooltable (albeit its a tight squeeze from most angles) but all this adds character to the place. I swear I'd recognize the owner's face anywhere, its all very surreal and indie movie-esque. In the summer they let us sit out back, there's a small walkway with a few chairs. If you're looking for a more upbeat sociable vibe you'd probably be better off down the street at North Star or any of the other Fairmount bars.It is decent dive, has a pool table, Slyfox IPA on tap AND Ethiopian food. What else do you want??!! I'm in the neighborhood so it's close enough for me to go hang out every now and then. The beer selection is limited on Tap -- Guinness, Philly Pale Ale, MagicHat No.9, Hoegaarden, yeungling. There are some bottles too that are cheaper. The food is good but not great if you know your Ethiopian or have been spoiled by better Ethiopian restaurants in DC. ERA has a separate seating are if you aren't too much into the dive scene. But overall, it is a decent hangout spot that isn't too expensive.Interesting.
Such a dive bar, but then the food was amazing. I had the #14 and my friend had the #16 (spicier version). The collard greens could compete verse the collards I had while living in the south. I was pleasantly surprised. I think you can just share a plate which I will do next time I visit ERA.I'm a big fan of Ethiopian food. 
Era has gotten SO good. Every time I come the food gets more and more wonderful. This place has an awesome neighborhood vibe and a good beer selection. And seriously the food is just getting better and better.I am giving ERA one star because it is not possible to give no stars. 
Meat combo includes three veggie options and three meat options.
Meat was SO tough, and nearly flavorless; veggie options were neither what we ordered nor served as per menu specifications (i.e. listed as served hot but came out piping cold). Plus, our food took 1 hour and 15 minutes! We were the only patrons in the dining area. 
Awful. Just awful.Era has a special place in my heart. I've been a patron at this fine establishment for longer than I care to admit, but I'm so glad it's had such a presence in my life. 
The bar itself is relatively unassuming. It is very much has the dive-bar vibe going on. What I come here for is the casual atmosphere and cheap drinks. Of course, there's a city-wide special that is comprised of 1 x Lionshead and 1 x shot of Heaven Hill for $3. Straight-up class. If you're looking to drink liquor, don't come expecting much variety or high quality. Most of the mixed drinks are poured with a heavy hand and there are very few, if any at all top shelf selections. I can recall many times I've gone there and they didn't even have lime juice so keep it simple (run and coke's, gin and tonic's, vodka cranberry, etc.)! Don't let this deter you though because it a great place to congregate at the end of a night out. 
There are various newer events throughout the week that range from quizzo to karaoke, but I don't typically attend.
One last reason I am writing this review is because of the Ethiopian food! How authentic is it? Don't know but I can say that it is delicious. It is made fresh to order, generous portions, and no silverware! You eat with injera, this spongy, soft, slightly sour, rolled up bread. It's Uh-maze-ing! The entrees come with a main and 2 sides and are about $9-12 or so. Great deal! If you are looking for a good, filling meal and some cheap beer, this is your place!Ordered the veggie combo on phone and picked it up 20 min later. The lady, who happened to be the only person working front of house and phone that night was very nice and gave me extra berbere spice with my take out order just in case I needed it.
Anyway, the food was no good, it lacked spices and a general Ethiopian feel. I can say that with confidence because I know my way around Ethiopian food. Anyway, my veggie combo came packed in three boxes with three entrees and three sides. It just so happened that all three sides were collard greens. Even though their menu says that the veggie combo contains all veggie dishes on the menu, I didn't get to sample many others because my order came with three sides of collard greens. I thought about calling back and complaining about it with no ulterior motive. But since the nice lady (sorry, I didn't quite catch her name) was the only person working front of house, no one picked up my call. And since I was hungry, I accepted my fate at that point and started eating. 
I've generally been disappointed with Ethiopian food in Philly so far but my quest will continue. It is such a shame though. Philly has some of the nicest restaurants in America but not a single good Ethiopian joint. By comparison, NY & DC, both only 100 miles away, have excellent Ethiopian places.Love this place, great bartenders an great prices. Sundays they have the best special in the city if u ask me. 4$ for a lager an shot of jamo! Cant beat that.Pretty good Ethiopian food option in North Philly on Poplar. Clearly the gentrifiers are taking over the bar area but the food is good and behind the bar area.Great dive bar and great food at an affordable price. Popular during quizzo but there is seating in the back (next to a a mural) and outside. 
Food can be a little inconsistent sometimes and seems a little understaffed at times. But still love it hereFun place, good food. The beer selection is lacking as is top shelf booze but that is probably not why you go there.
This is a good place to hang w friends play a few some pool and do some karaoke if you're into that. 
  The food is good to very good and can be very spicy so just make sure you ask before you order.  Have funBesides the dingy decor and spotty location, I loved the food here. 
I don't know a lot about Ethiopian food but I know I love it. 
It was spicy, spicy but ohhh so flavorful.
I will definitely be back and I hope they've spent some money fixin'
the place up.Unique food, specials, layout, and especially ATMOSPHERE. It has two sections for seating; the quiet cafe-looking dining room and the barroom. The dining room has just been redone and looks very nice now, especially with its artwork on the walls. The bar area is way more casual with an unassuming ambiance and a diverse crowd that is accepting of all walks of life. Always a very easy-going group in here. 
Pool table, laid back vibe, and prices on booze keep me coming back. Some of the bartenders are so nice that it makes the place feel like home. Ask Leon about the latest sporting event or shoot the breeze with Justin for an enlightening conversation.I've been here twice and had a blast both times! First for a ladies night and the second for a ladies night so you can see the pattern that's forming here. Can't remember exactly what we got but I know the Tibs was involved. The lentils (something wot?) were also delicious. Anything you smoosh you bread laden fingers into will be perfection. It's definitely more worth it to go as a big group cause you can get family style and more bang for your buck.
Little tip, somewhere the internet told me this was BYOB. It is not. However, drink prices are absurdly cheap (Yard Pale Ale for $3!!).This is a neighborhood gem - the place is divey but the food is cheap and amazing and the bartenders are friendly. I wish there were more local spots like this in our area!This place is a perfect dive! Drafts are cheap, shots and cans are cheaper, quizzo on Wednesday with JB (8:15). Everyone is really friendly and it's a warm atmosphere. The food isn't as good as some of the west philly ethiopian places but is still quite worth your money. Definitely the go-to in the neighborhood.I have gone here a couple of times since my BF took me here about two months ago.  It is an interesting spot - the restaurant and bar actually operate independently under the same roof.  You can get the food at the bar but there is a dining room in the back if you would like to sit at a table.  The food can take some time to arrive and there aren't any appetizers or bar snacks.  Probably good to let the kitchen know in advance if you are coming with a sizable group so that they have enough food prepped.  The drinks are way inexpensive and they have good beer on draught - including Guiness.  Everything is CASH ONLY and there is NO ATM on site.  The food dishes are quite good and a bargain with nothing over $10.  The portions are not large but they are filling.  Ethiopian food is traditionally served with a moist flatbread similar to a pancake or crepe that you tear and use to grab the food which is well seasoned but not too spicy.  Definitely a fun and tasty experience.So great! The whole place was exactly as we pictured it-- total dive, cheap beers, delicious food! No forks are given with the plate, which I'm assuming is to enhance the cultural connection/experience; however, the bf made a mess of himself so we broke down and asked for the utensils. The #1 was my favorite. Could eat the lentils for days. Would absolutely come back!!This is a food review. As a bar, it seems like a good spot. 
As a restaurant, it was entirely disappointing. Prices are higher than other places in the city, and everything I ate was quite heavy on the capsicum, which ruined the complex spice balance that is one of the best things about Ethiopian. Compounding that issue, vegetarian options are quite limited.  
I had heard that this was a great Ethiopian place for years, and read all the good reviews. I have to conclude that most of Era's customers do not eat at other Ethiopian places in the city (or elsewhere) and have no good basis for comparison.I did get to enjoy Ethiopian food for the first time. It was a group event. I came late and was greeted by another late comer.
He said "does anyone want to do The combination with me." I didn't really view the menu and let him order for the both of us. 
Yedora Alecha is a slow simmered chicken dish. For me this dish was dry and lacked flavor.
Gored-gored is a beef dish season in exotic Ethiopian spices. The beef was such a large chunk that it was hard to chew. It was also very rare and was bland in flavor.
Yebeg Tibs is a lamb dish cooked with onions, peppers and Ethiopian spices. I hate lamb. Maybe because it smells gamie or taste funny. But I loved this dish. I didn't know this was lamb and kept on eating and found out it was lamb. It was delicious. 
The lentils were perfectly spiced and good. The house salad was ok.
We did order the combination and it was a little confusing. The injera is made of some sourdough bread that is spongy and served to pick-up the different types of meat ad veggies. It's pretty cool.
The alcohol situation: it's a dive bar with quizzo on Wednesday night. I had Hoegard. It was good.
Parking is tight but you can find parking on Girard Avenue.Really good food. I have not been there is a while so perhaps the neighborhood is a little more spruced up as back then it was a little ify. I feel like their food is authentic however. The staff was nice too.A cheap alternative to the North Star a block down the street.  $2 dollar Lion's Head and wood paneling all around. Is there really any more to say? The urinals are those old chest to foot sized porcelin piss bins. That right there signifies a dive in my eyes. The bar is like a giant island, seats all around it in an oval shape. It could be a little bit darker and maybe at least one piece of fanfare adorning the walls, but you can't win em all. 
Also, during the half hour i was there, taking a break from the north star, a 3 piece jazz  band was performing.It was my first time eating Ethiopian food and i had a good experience. There were a few places in the city but I decided to pick this spot because they had great reviews and a bar. They serve you one big platter (family style), you choose your sides/proteins and dig in with your hands. Will be back soon!This place might be quirky, but they serve some of the best Ethiopian food in the region. We always do takeout, but if my wife liked bars I'd eat there a lot- the bartenders are always friendly and the drinks are cheap.Yelp lists ERA as an Ethiopian Dive Bar. I'd find this description to be on point. While I'm not stranger to dive bars, this was my first foray into Ethiopian dining. I'm impressed by both.
I recently dined in the back room with a large group of Yelpers for another fabulous UYE organized by the fabulous Sari A. 
Since I've never had Ethiopian food before, I can't compare it to anything else, but I definitely enjoyed it. My husband and I went splitsies on two entrees on all of the sides. We tried the Yebeg Wat (#14) and the  ERA Special Beef Tibs (#6) with the goman, miser lentils, ye'miser wot and the atkelt wot. After typing all of that I really feel like I'm talking in a foreign language and have no idea what I'm talking about. That's kind of how I felt while eating my meal. Bottom line was that everything was extremely flavorful and extremely enjoyable. Sometimes it's more fun not trying to understand your meal and actually just eating it. 
They had a nice variety of bottled and draft beers as well. Nothing eclectic but enough that you could have a light beer or a craft beer at dive bar pricing. 
Speaking of pricing, recent UYEs have been BYOB so adding the bar tab element into group dining could have been a giant nightmare. Our server not only handled our large group with grace, everyone automatically received individual bills. Crisis avoided!  
My only real complaint was that our food came out very staggered. Some people were totally done by the time some people even got their food. We were a large group so I'm not going to let that hamper my overall opinion. The server did a great job explaining Ethiopian cuisine to newbies such as myself and kept everything else running pretty smoothly. 
I had ERA bookmarked for a long time. I'm so glad I finally made it and can't wait to go back for another Ethiopian and dive bar experience.Ethiopian food in a fun dive bar?  I love it! This place is great to have in the neighborhood and a regular place my roommates and I go to for food and a city wide special.I hesitated before writing this review for a really selfish reason. I feel sort of bad about it because I don't usually hold out on you Yelpers. But I think Era might be my new neighborhood watering hole during baseball season. There I said it. It's low-key, cheap, and you're guaranteed a decent spot to watch the Phils game. 
A good alternative to The Green Room and Rembrandt's (Urban Saloon is out of the effing question), Era helps to mix things up Fairmount style. Plus, spicy Ethiopian food is a welcome break from the traditional bar food I live on from now until fall. But they don't take cards so bring paper monies. 
P.S. An extra thing to appreciate about this place is that the locals really help to regulate any doucheyness that tries to infiltrate their little hub. For example, a loud patron came in and was being rude to his friends, fellow customers, and the waitress (Anyone ever tell you that you look like Hayden Panettiere from Heroes? She's hot. I'm not saying YOU'RE hot. Just that you look like her.). He was on some Tucker Max smack-her-with-words shit. And I wanted to murder him. But luckily, I didn't have to step in to defend the honor of bar maidens everywhere because a burly man stood up and informed the loud patron he was headed to the jukebox, "to put on something louder than YOU." Could have kissed him.We live one block away and frequent ERA whenever our fridge runs out of beer or a craving for delicious Ethiopian foods strikes.  The bar prices are great and the atmosphere very laid back.  For dinner, head around to the side dining room - which more often than not serves as your own private eating area.  I'm no expert on Ethiopian food, but I've enjoyed everything I've had at ERA, and you can't beat a draft of Yards accompanying your spicetastic meal!I was a little skeptical of the rave reviews for ERA, but decided to give this spot a try.  It was definitely a disappointing experience.  Anyone who is familiar with authentic Ethiopian food would know that Era's food is pretty mediocre.  I feel bad that people think Era serves good Ethiopian food.  Please, if you ever visit the following cities, do yourself a favor and try these restaurants: Atlanta - Desta Ethiopian Kitchen; New York City - Zoma NYC; Falls Church, VA - Meaza Ethiopian Cuisine; Louisville, KY - Queen of Sheba.Great place in the neighborhood with a good selection of beers. We had the lamb tibs and they were great. Comes with 2 veggie sides. Only thing is that the quantity isn't that much for two people so keep that in mind while ordering - which is different from other Ethiopian places we had been to.Who knew the Ethiopian Dive bar with a sort of sketchy exterior would be so good!
Cheap drinks, but good variety. Our bartender was nice and fun, and supper attentive. The second someone came in the door she was asking them what they wanted. The food was full of flavor. Eating with your hands is fun! You really don't expect food that good from how it looks inside. Can't wait to try more dishes and tell my friends. Such a good neighborhood place.Cheap drinks and great food. The owner is very nice and I always have a good time when I come here. What else is there to say! It's a fun bar with cheap booze!!!Exactly what Margarita T. said. You nailed it, girl. Not much more to say.
Well for variety's sake I'll add that I was held on the phone for 15 mins when ordering, then disconnected. And the portions are meant for a baby.I had my first ethiopian experience here and it was just the right place to try everything out. They have a sampler type dish where you can try a nice variety of dishes on a big delicious flat bread that was very light, fluffy, and flavorful. Everything we got had such developed flavors that the server helped us select. She was really helpful and accommodating. The drinks were very cheap too. I'm not sure what specific dishes we got on our sampler, but I would have any of it again. Their lamb was my favorite. Eating with your hands on a big plate you share with everyone is always a blast if you come with a good group ok with getting messy. Writing this is making me want to go back right this second.