m not totally sure why I hadn't been to Eulogy in so long. Sure, it's in a spot that annoying to drive to, and weekend night here are more crazy than that of the zoo. But my love of beer and food should bring me here more often.
Eulogy has a lot in common with Monk's: Excellent Belgian bars with great tap and bottle lists. They both have great food, including mussels, and also sport multiple bars with different taps. So far, everything is great. But I'm not just going to write a comparison between the two, because it might just be boring.
I've been on a quest for my favorite burger in Philly, but after eating too many fist-thick pub burgers, I decided to scale back a bit. Still, I've heard good things about the burger here, so I couldn't resist. The result? A perfectly cooked, shaped and seasoned burger. Burgers come with your choice of cheese and one topping. Cheddar and leeks did me very well. It's easily one of my top burger spots in the city. I also tried the white wine mussels. These are also a delicious choice.
Now throw some of the best beer selection in the city on top? Eulogy makes good use of their bar to serve up a Belgian heavy menu, while also keeping a few excellent domestic beers. I started out with Kwak Amber. It was a delicious beer, and could only be outdone by me next choice, Gulden Draak. These are some of the premier beers in the world, available only a short bike ride from my house. The Draak comes in at %10.5, but is so well crafted you can't even tell. Sure, it's $9 a glass, but that doesn't change my recommendation.
I visited over lunch, so it was pretty slow and the staff was restocking a bit and moving things around. But the food still came out quickly, and the bartender was on top of the service. To boot, he was also really cool. I'm sure it's a trend with most who work here.
Bottom Line: Come here ready to eat, drink, and have an excellent time. Make sure you have your wallet, because the bill can add up quickly, especially with the beer. This is one of the top spots in the Olde City, and my favorite Belgian spot in Philly.What could possibly be said here that hasn't been said already? It's just one of the best beer bars I've ever been to. Great spot. 
And I really should know since I bleed beer. No, seriously. It's true! My blood is like a nice 11.5% trippel. Hints of floral and spiced pear on the nose with thick three finger head. Beautiful lacing on the glass. The taste starts hoppy and spicy but washes with a mellow sweetness. My blood that is.The mussels are delicious and its the best fish and chips in the city.  The beer menu is insane.  Our server really knew what she was talking about and made great recommendations.  It was our first time, and we will definitely be back.Great beer, but terrible service. After returning to my hometown for a weekend, I was excited to catch up with a group of friends at eulogy. We had reservations, sat down, ordered some drinks (which we did get in a timely manner) but waited 45 mins and were then told by our waiter (in a pretty unfriendly tone) that there was a "computer glitch" in the food ordering system, and that it may be "15 minutes." and then he asked us if we wanted to leave. What?! Another half hour later, still no food, no manager (even though we asked to speak to one) and people around us were getting food, yet our waiter barely acknowledged us. We eventually walked out and the manager gave us free drinks. The most bizarre , terrible experience and we will not be going back.Best Mussels in philly. Located in old city, it's a divey bar. Get the dijon mussels- so good!!!!!!! Garlicy and mustardy but super flavorful. 8.99 for a lb, not bad and it comes with some bread. Amazing beer selection as well!Had business lunch.  Good beer, good mussels, good fries. Knowledge friendly accommodating staff.The best mussels in the city!  The bartenders have a great knowledge of beer, just tell them what you like and they will find you an excellent beer.
The place is a bit of a dive but the food and beers are worth it!
Go upstairs to avoid the crowds.I really like this place, and it's for very simple reasons.  The staff are always friendly and nice to me.  They know their product through and through.  They are like beer therapists here, guiding you to the right choice.  Every time I go I essentially see the same staff.  To me, low turn over is a good thing, it means these people know what they are doing.  The food is good.  I like the burger and fries a lot.  They are not greasy or dripping in oil.  They are fresh and tasty!  The sauces are good too. I can't speak for the rest of the food, it looks and smells great, but I just always get the burger.  You can't beat the beer selection.  I know people rave about Monks' and I like that place but Eulogy, to me has got them beat.  
It does get crowded Fri. & Sat. nights.  It can be a pain to get a seat.  If that happen it happens, no big deal.  I like this place enough that I don't really care.  If I can't get a seat, I'll juts try again another time.  It's not going anywhere, and I'll be back at some point.  This a great place.  Normally it's the first place I tell anybody about whenever they ask me a question about Philly.  
If beer is you thing, this is the place.  At the very least, it's definitely worth going to at least once to SEE the menu and try SOMETHING.
One of my happy spots!Eulogy is always a great time. I don't make it out to Old City much, but when I do, I always try to visit. The beer selection is epic and the food is awesome - try the "beer mussels!" It can get pretty packed on the weekends, but I don't think it feels as cramped as some of the other Old City staples. 
Be aware that they don't take reservations for parties greater than a certain amount - greater than 4 people, I think.
Quick story:
We went here on an extended lunch break at work one time. We were seated upstairs and were the only ones there. So, the waiter asked us if we wanted to listen to some music; we answered in the affirmative. He takes out his iPod plugs it in and asks was we want to hear. We say, 'anything.' He looks at us pensively, considers carefully, and responds, 'you guys look like Radiohead kinda guys," and proceeds to put on 'OK Computer' by Radiohead. 
I always find this story amusing because I'm not sure what a Radiohead fan looks like or if it is just a safe pick because lots of people like Radiohead. Either way, I enjoyed it and we had a good time.
Would absolutely recommend stopping by if you're in Old City.Sorry to say we didn't have a great experience. Chicken sandwich was charred to the point of inedible. Grilled shrimp were over cooked and impossible to peel. Mussels and beer were good. Food took forever to come out. Server was lovely though.If you heart beer then you've come to the right place.  An extensive selection and every one of them is served in the proper glass.  If you're a diehard Nascar fan and would like to remain faithful to your Budweiser or Yuengling, then that's ok, too.  But as the menu states, "Heck, if you'll pay 5 bucks for a pint, we'll serve it to you."  For that price or a buck more, why not just try a delicious Belgian ale or something you've never even heard of before!  There's plenty on the beer list to keep even the self declared connoisseur at bay...and perhaps 3 sheets to the wind.
Try the mussels - divine!  And perhaps the best frites in the city!Unlike a lot of bar/restaurants, they don't let you forget they're a bar. Food was roughly 10% of the menu, with the balance in beer. Hundreds of beers, in really small font. With terms and words I don't understand--I was ashamed. My suggestion: Ignore the menu (other then the food part) and just explain what you're looking for to your waiter/bartender. You're going to tip them a hefty bit based on the alcohol they're serving you--let them earn it. They don't seem to mind, and I bet they understand all the terms anyway.
I'm not much of a beer drinking (though I did manage to find several that evening that I enjoyed, so there is always hope), so let's talk food: Mussels and crab cake sandwich. Mussels were average, on the large size, but I didn't think they were anything special. I chose my "sauce" (Herb and Garlic) poorly. It was good, but didn't add much to the mussels. I would choose differently in the future. Crab Cake Sandwich. To be fair, I spent a great deal of my childhood in the Chesapeake Bay, and I'm a crab-snob, but I wasn't impressed. The cake was very large and felt like the crab had been "stretched" by using lots of breadcrumbs. It had decent flavor, and I enjoyed the bread/sauce, etc, that came with it, but I wouldn't get the crab cakes again. My wife had a hamburger, which was delicious (as I took a huge bite of it when offered, I'm kind've a dick), which is why they don't lose points. (Honestly, most people would probably be happy with the crab cakes anyway.)
For reference: As of right now, their online menu isn't ever updated to match their real menu. We overheard one other conversation about that that evening, so maybe they'll either kick their webmaster's ass or just take the menu off entirely.The Good: great beer list, damn good Belgian house drafts.
The Very Bad and the Very Ugly: how can a Belgian restaurant not do mussels right? Note to kitchen staff - CLEAN THE FUCKIN' MUSSELS!  Did every one of my mussels have sand in them? yeah, just about.  how about in the order for my wife?  yeah, the same lack care there too. Fries? Nice big portion, but cooked in cold oil, so even though they were made in house, and hot, they were soggy.  that kinda does matter when you serve them with mayo.
You can get a burger or chicken sandwich just about anywhere in Philadelphia, but you go to a Belgian place for mussels.  Don't go here.Went with local colleague and it was a treat. I like the local scene and this did not disappoint. I think there were 4-6 pages of just beer. What can I say - UTOPIA? I was not sure about eating in this dive but to my surprise the chow was tasty. Just had appetizers but made it a meal. I will be back.I took my husband and twelve of our friends here for his birthday dinner.  We were seated in our own room upstairs without delay.  Pays to make those reservations.   Our server was on point, and made sure everyone had a drink from the massive beer menu whenever it seemed they needed one.  The food was amazing and not one person let a morsel go to waste.  This was a great choice for a group meal as there was something for everyone.  Very happy we came. Loved the giant beer menu, loved the food, and loved the decor and overall vibe of the place. Super unique and fun!Little new can be said about this place and apparently it's well known in Philly but somehow until today I misses out. Well, no more.
Today I stopped in; And I am not embarrassed to say why:
1. the sign that said "Chimay on Tap" 
    (which made it a no brainer for me)
2. The unmistakable small of something yummy and garlicky. 
    (again, no brainer )
The place was dark, low-key and a bit snug to say the least. The speakers cranked out smooth tunes that create a great vibe and don't intrude on conversation. The upstairs could have use a coat of paint but I overlooked that preferring to concentrate on the 200+ Ale selection. After perusing the list a bit I was convinced that this place is on par with Monks. No question. So I made my drink selection and went onto the food.
After some back and forth a cohort and I decided to split their chicken sandwich and 3-cheese grilled cheese. Both were good and both had Boursin cheese on them. In fact, I noticed also that Eulogy has a tendency to use Boursin cheese, a soft creamy textured cheese with a unique garlic and herb flavor, on many of its dishes, from burger to chicken sandwich to grilled cheese, which I dig I allot ; Plus frites (fries) which come along side their sandwiches are twice fried  ambrosia.
Some of the best pub food everEven though I stopped by on a slow Sunday night, with only an hour left before they closed early for their holiday party, I still had very enjoyable first Eulogy experience.  
The bartender took her time listening to the types of beers I enjoy to better recommend something from their enormous selection.  She was even able to recommend a fantastic selection for my not-so-beer savvy friend.  
The food was very reasonably priced, and surprisingly delicious.  I ordered the grilled hanger steak sandwich (without mushrooms).  As any self respecting sandwich should be, it was a bit difficult to eat.  However, the combination of onions, melted gruyere, and perfectly cooked steak made every bite worth the effort.  Luckily, the fries (which were actually the reason I was encouraged to try out Eulogy) were there to sop up the mess.  Basically, it was a french-onion-soup-dip-belgian-cheese steak party in my mouth.  Can't go wrong with that.  
After three beers and two sandwich entrees had been devoured/imbibed, the check was only $38.  I will definitely be visiting Eulogy again very soon.Good place to be on a Sunday Night. The beers were good, nice choice of beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs. Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on the food. But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern. If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be.I don't think I would come back soon again after the fifteen minutes I spent here Saturday night. We walked in- three friends and myself- and at only 11-ish the place seemed uncomfortably packed. As we noticed the downstairs bar was too full, we maneuvered ourselves upstairs to conveniently find an open table. Sitting down without asking first, we expected some resistance from the waitress. But without telling us that the table was reserved for another party, she asked us questions so as to suggest we leave. 
"Do you guys just want drinks?"
"Yeah."
 This table is for parties who order food."
"Well, then we'll order food."
"Well, this table is on a waiting list. Are you on one?"
"No. We're not going to wait for a table."
-- And that was it, she just walked away down the stairs. There was no "I'm sorry" or "You could wait by the bar." It felt dismissive.
Aside from all that, the lighting is appropriate for small parties 2-5 people. But the clientele were a mixed bunch mid 20's to early 40's. I hate going to places where the crowd is significantly older than I am. But this place deserves a revisit :)Sit wherever you want and pretty good service. The beer selection is large and the staff is happy to help you choose a beer to your liking. My friend and I ordered moules dijon and moules beer, which both came with a piece of bread. The moules dijon was creamy and tangy - delicious! The moules beer wasn't that great - mussels and beer make a strange combination compared to the typical mussels and white wine. However, they charged an extra $0.50 for an extra piece of bread...
Definitely liked Monk's Cafe a lot better in terms of food.This is one of those places you hope to stumble upon while visiting a city. Somewhere locals go that's still in a central location for tourists and feels safe. Great bartender and the mussels are top notch. Not a big place but if you're a beer lover you may spend all day here.Enlightened beer list.  Crazy-friendly service.  Two floors.  Great location.  Why are you still reading this?  Go get a beer at Eulogy!Great service, tons of great beers, and great food.  My gf's friend PJ took us here when we were visiting and it was pretty awesome.  Kind of small place, but they have an upstairs bar as well.  That might be dangerous if you cannot handle your alcohol (coming down the stairs afterward).Fantastic little bar!!!  A great beer selection with knowledgeable staff.  The tap list rotates regularly and they give you a list of what's coming up. This was a great little find as I was wandering through the city.A couple sits down at the bar, the guy orders a Miller Lite. Bartender says 'For around $0.50 more you could get a good beer'. Automatic 5 stars.The burgers are amazing and so are the mussels. Beer selection is second to none in Philadelphia. They boast the biggest beer selection in the city and as far as I can tell, it's not an exaggeration. On busy nights you might get overlooked due to short staff and large crowds, but it's still well worth checking out. Still on my top 5 bars in Philly and if you're visiting I highly recommend it.Wait staff here has always been super impressive.  Beer selection is unmatched and heavenly!  It's been a while since I ate there but don't recall any issues or being unhappy at all.  I think the best part is the beer menu.  roughly 200 different bottles of beer with it's country of origin and alcohol %.  A little less educational than Monk's but more informative about the beer itself - if that makes any sense.Tiny & rustic  - the previous review says people were "5 deep" at the bar - really hard to believe unless they were standing outside, the place just insn't that big - went for lunch but since they only have about 3 tables downstairs our party of 4 was banished upstairs.  Plus, the poor bartender had to tend bar (not a stool to be had) and handle all the tables, including food!  Incredible beer menu - decent food - avg. prices for Old City - overall, unless your a beer snob, nothing special.Bottle selection is great, but draught variety is somewhat tired.  Service on a Monday night was slow, but I've had worse (unfortunately, the place I've had worse service was also... Eulogy)Stumbled on this place on our way from the hostel...what a find. The beer list is spectacular and the ambiance inside was perfect -- not too crowded, not too empty but we could still hear ourselves talk. Service was fine. Cool little spot for a very casual drink and there are some other bars down the street too if you feel like bar-hopping.A friend and I often visit this place to whittle down our list of Belgian varieties and trade cinema-talk with the bartender.  It is a local city bar, through and through.  Warning:  Don't sit so close to the kitchen because you will smell buffalo wings on your jacket for the rest of the week.What a gem! The beer list is substantial. The food is good, especially the fries! Make reservations if you want to sit for dinner. Or if you just want to stop in for a beer head to the upstairs bar and hope that Conor is working.  Not only is he friendly and personable but his beer knowledge is excellent as one should expect at an establishment like this.Really geared towards hardcore beer aficionados.  Great ambiance, especially upstairs.Came here with some friends for a daytime release of Pliny the Younger. The line moved quickly and we were given generous pours. All the prices were reasonable, and their Belgian fries rocked!Love this place. Delicious beers, delicious grilled cheese (WITH BACON ON IT).
We visited for dinner and to watch the Eagles vs. Colts game, and will most certainly be back. The bartender was very polite (even fielded a variety of stupid questions from me with grace) and super knowledgeable about the beer selection. He made some great recommendations. The atmosphere is great, too - this place would be great for a date or small group of friends (at least downstairs, didn't see upstairs).
It's pricey, but deservedly so because of the quality of food and drinks.Big beer list... lots of places have that.
Apathetic service; as someone else mentioned, they all look like they'd rather be doing something else.
Tip: when you order steak frites (they pretentiously use the Dutch spelling, for some reason) and the first thing your waiter brings is a heavily-used bottle of ketchup, you are probably not in a truly "Belgian tavern". Steak was cooked OK; "frites" were really more like '70s "steak fries" from Western Sizzlin'.
There are tons of places in Philly with great beer lists and lots of them have good food. Skip this hipster haven.At this location you will find the sexiest bartender in Philadelphia. 
Me.  
If your a beer lover or simply just a run of the mill alcoholic, feel free to come in and listen to my ipod play the smash hits from my music collection over the house speakers as I get you blistering drunk.So I just came out from the bathroom... and no it isn't what you think.....wait for it....
Beer list is wonderful. Wine list is decent for a beer place. 
Happy hour is the good part. Fries are usually good but can be soggy and salt lacking at times.  
Wine happy hour is not listed but it's 5.99 for all selections including the split of sparkling. Ask for the types of aioli. 
3-4 beer choices for HH. 
Muscles can be muscly but worth the price...great sauce. 
So yes weekend / daily happy hour? Worth it.  It's a little dark and dingey and dicey. For someone that doesn't do that, it's manageable. 
.....back to the first sentence.... this place has got to clean it up. You can see a rim if you even bent down a little bit.... full of brown.... it is terrible.
A festival port o potty is way better... cleaner. No more soap, a tiny drip, no toilet paper on the hanger and wet being on the sink, paper towels on the toilet next to a brown spot.
I'm obviously a little sickened but come for the beers and leave before you need to go.  If your going to make us consume items where need to , they need to fix the end result.   
Oh- the servers are nice. So that's a plus.I had the 3 cheese grilled cheese and it was GREAT! The beer selection is awesome, where do they store all of the choices? The server was very knowledgable and friendly! If I lived in Philly this would be a good watering hole:-)Personally, I am not a real beer drinker, but I try it anyway. I ordered a bottle lambic, which was good. The food was not bad either. We had ordered Tuna sandwich and duck confit. The tuna sandwich wasn't bad, it's a decent price. However, the duck confit was a bit salty. I finished it anyway since I hadn't have lunch. If you love beers, this is the place you want to go. The food was OK in my opinion.After running the Philadelphia Marathon this year, my friends and I decided to treat ourselves to boat loads of Belgian beer.  We were sold on the place when we saw that Eulogy serves 'Palm', which is my Belgian husband's favorite beer and completely impossible to get in most of the U.S., at least where we live in San Francisco.
We ended up having a spectacular evening trying many, many different kinds of beer (some not even Belgian), and best of all we got waited on by the best server ever!  Having grown up in Iowa and now living in San Francisco, I think I'm way too friendly for Philadelphia.  Most servers in Philadelphia kept looking at me like I was taking too much of their time with all my friendliness.  :D   However, Mariana totally took my west coastiness in stride and was super friendly and helpful.  Everyone at my table was instantly loving her.  Mariana, you rule!
But seriously, if you're looking for the best selection of Belgian beer outside of Belgium that I've ever seen, go to Eulogy!  Since I'm married to a Belgian and spent 3 weeks in Belgium this year gaining 8 pounds solely from beer, I feel I know what I'm talking about.disclaimer: i'm not really qualified to write about beer, but this is where i discovered a new favorite wine.
if you want an endless list of beer choices in philly, this is the place to go.  seriously, the menu for beer was at least 4 pages long with each option listed in about 10 point font.
i'm more of a wine drinker and usually go for a merlot, shiraz, pinot noir or chardonnay.  but after hitting up belgian tavern, my new favorite is the riesling.  yum-my!Food was ok, not a standout. Good place to drink beer but service was poor. Bathroom was filthy!!!If you do not enjoy this bar it's most likely because you hate fun. 
I ended up there, roughly after 10pm on a Friday night w/ a friend. We had a seat at the bar within 20 seconds (no, really). The bartenders were attentive, knowledgeable, sweet, and one of the off duty bartenders even sat with my friend and I, providing -even more- suggestions. 
Any place that offers more beer on the menu than food is a gold mine. Any place that has a wait staff/kitchen staff (met them too, much later), and so on and so forth who kicks it at the bar after a 12 hour shift is amazing. 
Music was phenomenal. I haven't listened to M83 since undergrad! 
I could write something like the epic of Gilgamesh about this establishment but I'll abstain. 
If you like amazing beer, a wonderful staff, and just an all around good time, go to Eulogy. It also helps if you like Diplo, too. :)I was never a beer drinker until I met Eulogy Belgian Tavern.  I was more of a mixed drink kind of girl.  But I just hadn't had good beer.
I have had some really fun times here.  The service is great.  I usually say something like, "If I like Hoegarden, what else would I like?" and I always get good suggestions.  I discovered my favorite beer ever at this place, La Chouffe.  It's normally on tap and I highly recommend it.
Don't forget the twice fried Belgian Frietjes, the ultimate snack after you have gotten drunk on high alchohol content Belgian beer.  One of my favorite places in Philly.This is a real bar serving seriously delicious beer.  The TVs are small and there isn't much room to maneuver around in the lower bar but once you lift up the heavy chalice to your lips and taste the beer crafted by monks and blessed in a european monestary, you won't be able to touch a bud again.Excellent old school Belgian food with and INCREDIBLE beer selection. Highly recommended.My wife and I like to stop by every so often, and enjoy mussels, a pitcher of Kasteel Rouge and a Pitcher of Chimay as a standard.  Sometimes mix in a bottle of trappist or anything St. B.  We stay away from the Lambics.  Their Fries are consistently thick and crispy.  You fit one Frite into your mouth because of the thickness but becareful, they are hot and crispy.  The mussels, you can't go wrong.  You don't need a menu, unless its to get a beer list.  Mussels through and through.  And a side order of Frites with the house sauce.   I have been here and to Monks.  and I was reminded again, why we go to Eulogy more often.  You can't go wrong.  It's all subjective.  Food has to appeal to the eye, pallete, but also the texture of the food.  Eulogy, the frites are cripsy and well seasoned and the mussels are well done and appeal to the nose and taste buds.  Well worth the trolley ride into town from University City.  
Last time we were there, we made reservations for a group of 6 that turned into  group of 15 by the time the night wass over.  They kept the food coming and the beer a pouring, and the server was right in step.  I was amazed at their ability to allow us to stay as long as we wanted to, were friendly to us kept the beer coming, kept the order straight, and no one ever had an empty glass.  We all had a great time, if you let them know a bit ahead of time, (and you don't ask for coors light, go to Rotten Ralphs for that) they accomodate your needs, keep you happy, and prevent thirst.  I liked how they handled our group even though about 9 or more were unexpected.I am not a fan of Philly, just not one of my favorite places (sorry).  BUT with that said, they do have some worthy cuisine which brings me to this place.  I went here with a good friend who is very knowledgeable about everything beer (he cranks out some surprisingly palatable homebrews) and had a great time.  While beer is not my beverage of choice,  I do like a lambic every now and then so my friend suggested the skullsplitter--very good.  
But the best thing about this place for me (most people are there for the epic list of beers) is the MUSSELS.  Oh me goodness, authentic belgium mussels served in a warm bucket soaked in bleu cheese, bacon, garlic onions, and peppers.  With the steam rising out of that little bucket giving me a shellfish facial, I was in heaven and hardly uttered a word until each little delectable bit was shucked.  
One other point worth mentioning.  Remember the theme is Eulogy so that brings extra ambience to this Belgian setting.  There is one room upstairs where the table resembles a casket--it has a glass top with a skeleton inside.  I found this rather entertaining but unfortunately one of my fellow diners found it nauseating so we ate in another room.  Would be fun if you feel up to it (or maybe I'm just that demented-could be either).  Go and have fun : )Mussels are out of this world.
Huge stock of Belgian and other European bars on draft and in the bottle.
Great ambiance and fine, fine place to wile some time away.
One of the best spots in the city.We thoroughly enjoyed Eulogy, despite it being very crowded and noisy, and in spite of the fact that the staff wasn't  particularly friendly.  (What they are is competent, esp. regarding the beer.)  Our food was terrific.  We had and loved, the duck, sausage and frites.  But the star was the BEER!  If you are a beer lover, this is heaven, with an estimated 500 on the menu.  Unbelievable!Good bar upstairs or down.  The service at the bar is terrific.  A decent selection of beers well known and explained by the bartenders.  The mussels, fries and the sandwiches are very good; the bread served with the mussels is the best you will find anywhere.  
I am an occasional returnee with different friends each time and find it consistent and good.There are several reasons I go to Eulogy: It's across the street (basically) from my house, they have an insane beer selection (and I do mean insane), video games at the bar (yes, I actually do like these), take out beer, and really good food.
My favorite beer is the Rodenbach Grand Cru. I think maybe it's an acquired taste because it's one of the sour beers. They have beers to please everyone though. They also have the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had...a crunchy roll, fancy cheese, and a yummy tomato. If a dream were a sandwich, this would be it. A friend of mine drives across town just for their meatballs. 
Apparently, one of the guys from one of the 'Real World' casts from like 10 years ago works there/owns it...? The funny thing about this little fact is that the person who told me actually referred to this person as a celebrity. 
Anyway, I love this place.I am not a beer drinker so I had never gravitated in here before. But when in Rome, or when accompanied by a Belgian Ale drinker, you go with the flow. So we popped in for a mid-day drink & bite. I being the dedicated DD stuck to drinking pop (I believe "soda" is what you natives call it). My friend had a Chimay white label ale and was very pleased. 
Now on to the food. The menu is not to extensive for lunch but what they do offer is very tasty & it came out quickly. We split the fresh motz & tomato salad which was ok. But the sandwiches we ordered were very good. Smothered in Borsin cheese how could you go wrong? The fries (they have a fancy name for them that I can't quite recall or begin to spell correctly) were crispy, flavorful, but not too greasy. 
All in all a very nice mid-day meal. Very filling though, we did not eat the rest of the day. I will definitely wander back sometime when I am in the area again.Stopped in to have a couple of beers prior to dinner at a nearby restaurant.  We were drawn in by the extensive beer list and selection.  We sat at the downstairs bar - which wasn't terribly busy.  It took longer than 10 minutes for the bartender to come by / acknowledge that we were there.  I asked for a beer menu which we were given and then another good 10 minutes to take our order.  My wife wanted a draft that was on tap upstairs but not downstairs.  We offered to go upstairs but we're told they could bring it down.  I ordered a bottle off of the bottle list.
10 more minutes go by - no beers.  We grab the bartender and she flags someone down and he runs upstairs.  More time goes by but he finally comes down with one beer.  I ask about mine and she turns to the runner and asks where is my beer and he said he only knew about the one.  She tells him I ordered "the ipa" and he goes back upstairs.  At this point I'm confused because I ordered a bottle and he didn't ask which one.  The runner came back down and put a beer in front of me.  It was warm - which I knew it was a draft.  I tasted it and confirmed it was not the beer I wanted and recognized that it was a beer on tap upstairs because I've had it before - Troegs - which has a flowery and fruity taste to it.  When I questioned the bartender she tried to cover up and say it was the one I asked for.  I said it wasn't on the draft list and she told me it was newly listed.  Come on - just fess up and say you made a mistake....
They did finally get the bottle that I asked for.  The bartender never came back and I had to flag her down for a check after our beers were empty for 10 minutes.  We paid and went across the street from there.  Short sided bad service - too bad for her.I really used to love Eulogy. A few weeks ago I would be raving about their french fries (the best in the city!) or gushing over the Dijon Mussels (they're so decadent!). Yes, until last Thursday.
A couple of friends and I walked in, got a table, and were immediately shocked by the total menu overhaul. Of course, menus change just like seasons, or underwear, and the food was great before so we were sure it would be just as wonderful now. They had kept the dijon mussels on the menu, we happily ordered them with another mussel variety and french fries.
When we got our food it was nowhere near what we expected. The sauces for the mussels were bland and the fries were soggy. Bite after bite was worse and worse. 
The worst part is that when we asked our waiter what happened to the great food, he informed us that a new chef had taken over and changed the menu. I emailed the restaurant the next day to let them know that we were disappointed in the food. I was met with excuse after excuse--including the worst excuse of all, "You dined her eon a Thursday. It's not as if you were here on Saturday."
So apparently Eulogy is fantastic, but only on Saturdays.Its been a while since i went there... But i am writing this out of spite, i threw my father's 60th birthday party and invited about 20 of his friends from near and far.  
Even though the place was empty when we got there, they said we couldn't all sit together and tried to sit some over here, some over there and some at the bar.  Dont approve a reservation weeks a head of time if you cant handle it! Our terrible service and pissy-ass waitresses made the party chaotic and annoying rather than laidback.  I am sure the beer list is amazing and food is not too bad, but I would't go here with anymore then two people.There are really two big reasons to go to Eulogy: their extensive beer list, and their oysters. I'm not a huge beer drinker, so it's nice to have a huge selection of beers to explore because I'm always bound to stumble upon something I'll enjoy. They also have some fun seasonal cocktails if you feel like branching out.
The service is not always consistent, by the oysters are. They are big and tasty, and the sauce is incredible. When you've finished the oysters, you have to use the bread to soak up the rest of the sauce, because no matter which sauce you choose it's going to be amazing.I have been to Eulogy several times and my most recent visit left me disappointed. The beer menu is extensive but that is about the only perk to this place.
We sat upstairs. Our server was not all that attentive and made it known that there was no bartender on the second floor and she would have to run up and down the steps for our drinks.
I ordered the mussels with red sauce and was disappointed especially since this place is supposed to be known for their mussels. The red sauce didn't have much flavor and was rather blah. The bread that was served with it was terrible. I'm used to crunchy bread to go with mussels. This bread was spongy and did not taste fresh. It tasted like it sat in a plastic bag on a counter for a couple days. The fries were an extra $5 and unimpressive, so unimpressive that they shouldn't be charging for the fries or the very average sauce that comes with the fries. For mussels, Eulogy doesn't even come close to Monks, Belgium Cafe or Royal Tavern.
The bathroom on the second floor is also super warm- I am guessing because it is above the kitchen.I go here before movies at the Ritz or other Old City outings. I love it! Most recently I went on a Sunday night and had some excellent beers. My bartender knew his beers and gave me wonderful recommendations. Will definitely go again.[Edit 1/9/2008 - Was contacted by mentioned 'friendly bar tender' (dave) through Yelp where he offered an additional comp'd beer, an apology and explained that the waitress was new.   You can't always control how a new staff member acts, shit happens... will probably give it another shot]
Worst Dining Experience Ever.  In all honesty I cannot remember the last time I have been this annoyed with somewhere.
I have been to Eulogy a dozen times, usually for lunch as I live in Old City and work for home, and I always have had great service from the bartenders.
Tonight (Sunday) I decided to pop in with a friend for Dinner, big mistake.  We ordered two gruyere cheese burgers,  and began the long wait.  15 minutes later we got our drinks.  My friend gets a soda (nursing a hangover) which has no CO2 in it, completely flat.  We tell the waitress, to which she replies "yeah our soda is really bad".  Well thanks for letting us know when we ordered it, and don't tell me 'the soda is bad', everyone uses the same syrup, the damn C02 needs to be changed.  We then watched the same conversation transpire with the couple next to us when a lady ordered a soda and the waitress told her their 'sprite was bad'  (with no apology).
55 Minutes later out came the burgers.  (Mind you it was a bit crowded, but certainly not overcrowded).  As the waitress brought out the burgers, my friend noticed one of them was on a hoagie roll. No apologies or explanation from the waitress.  To add insult to injury the burger on the roll was way overdone, charred to crisp (instead of medium) and the cheese was hard and cold.  No apologies from the waitress again, she actually made it seem that we were privileged to have her stop by the table (c'mon, it wasn't that busy)
Thankfully the friendly bar tender downstairs comp'd the burger and we left and got Cheesesteaks at Sonny's which did not dissapoint.
Thanks [new waitress], next time I'll goto Monks (and so will everyone I talk to). Theres a dozen ways you could have rectified the situation, all it would have taken was an apology.  [1/9/2008 see top for updates...]I love Eulogy.
We've been pretty much regulars for a while there now.
Their beer selection is probably unmatched in the Philly area.
However, over time the menu and quality of food has greatly deteriorated...
I would still recommend the place, but more for the beer than anything else.Eulogy is a two-part, extremely cramped Belgian cafe and beer bar. For Philly Beer Week, this place had a wild tap list including fresh Hill Farmstead Double Citra, Port Brewing Hightide, Hill Farmstead Everett. It was a miracle. But Eulogy doesn't always have such a stellar tap list and the good stuff was only pouring downstairs, which is cramped beyond belief. Essentially impossible to order a drink. Upstairs was similarly cramped, but you can sit at tables. The upstairs bar gets the B tap list forcing you to get beer from downstairs and cart it up through pandemonium to your table. Bottle list was uninspiring. On a normal day, Eulogy is a bit too gimmicky and forced on the Belgian theme. I didn't think the food quite made up for it. However, it is popular, fun, and a local favorite. I would certainly peek my head in to see if anything special is on tap.Just moved to Philadelphia and were looking for a relaxing place for beer and dinner. We found Eulogy online and were impressed with its lengthy beer menu, and popped in for a try. After being seated upstairs, we received the extensive beer list, along with a food menu consisting of typical bar fare. Our waiter, Steve, was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable, providing recommendations on beers. The food was delicious, as was the beer, and we look forward to returning again.Ah, beer. I love beer. Like, Im in love with beer. I wish I could move to the South where I could potentially marry a nice bottle of beer.
Eulogy has 10000000+ bottles of beer. Ok, that might not be true, but they have a ton of beer. Maybe too much beer? Maybe. Its hard to pick one sometimes. I know I sound like a hypocrite saying I love beer then complaining about a huge list, but it is hard to pick a beer unless you know what you may want. The staff are well educated on the massive list and can help pick something out if you find yourself lost. 
The muscles are amazing. The Old Bay Shrimp is amazing. The burgers are amazing. This place is amazing.
It can get pretty packed on Friday and Saturday nights, so make sure to make a reservation!Had dinner here last Friday eve. Arrived still in time for Happy Hour which is a great deal for drinks. I ordered the Mussels Provençal -- delicious!  The sauce was great, the mussels were large and plumb and the 1lb was sufficient. Disappointing though is that they don't serve the mussels with a tasty, crusty baguette or artisanal bread. Supermarket white bread is pretty uninteresting as an accompaniment to the mussels - so points off for that. 
Service is pretty disappointing as well. Really a pity when food and drink is reasonably good and the service just turns you off to a place.  Unfortunately there are an increasing number of places throughout the area suffering from the same malady -- servers who think it's more compelling to chat among themselves or consume their time texting than to provide good customer service to their patrons. Bout time restaurant management took it up to enforce some customer service rules.Best bar in Philadelphia! The biggest selection of Belgium beers available, including some of the highest rated Belgium  beers in the world. The food- get the fish and chips or clams. The french fries are amazing, the clams are the best ( especially the Dijon ones) and the steak frites are pretty damn good tooI went to Eulogy long years ago before I had learned to appreciate beer. I was on the most awkward date of my life and our third wheel (in congruence with the fourth and fifth wheels) suggested we stop at Eulogy for dinner. Being the horrific mishmash of budding foodie and goth chick, I thought it was just the place for me! It wasn't until much later that I realized it really was.
Eulogy is a narrow place; I'd recommend against it if you're highly claustrophobic. It took me awhile to get used to knocking elbows with the people to either side of me. I have since learned the ways of personal space while at a crowded bar. There's a lot of wood in this place (talking about the decor, not the patrons.) And I love that you get the feeling of old-school ale house as soon as you walk in. Eulogy is lit like a tavern, downstairs and upstairs (yes, they have an upstairs for you folks who want a little intimacy.) It really just sets the mood for a wonderful experience.
The bartenders know their stuff. And so does the waitstaff. The first time I was there after turning twenty-one, I asked for a beer recommendation for someone who didn't like beer. The bartender I was dealing with asked me a few more questions about flavors I preferred (sweet versus bitter, floral versus fruity) and they offered me a sample of three different beers they had on tap that might suit my palate. And boy howdy, they were spot on with ALL. THREE. I was so shocked that someone who absolutely hated the taste of bottled pretzels (what I affectionately called all the beer I've ever sipped) could find that same abhorrent beverage enjoyable. And, much to my shock and delight, they didn't charge me for a sample of the beers! I don't know if I got lucky or what, but I thought that was fantastic.
The food is Belgian-inspired. Lots of mussels and frites are served here and upon having them, I can understand why they're the most popular things on the menu. I haven't had better mussels anywhere else in Philadelphia and I'm a massive bivalve fiend. They have nine different mussel dishes, served with a crusty piece of bread for sopping up the broth they're cooked in (and believe you me, you are going to want to freebase some of these broths.) And if you're not really a fan of the shelled and the unctuous, then there's plenty of standard (well, upscale standard) bar fare for you to choose from.
Their menu pales in comparison to their beer list. Front and back, double sided, eight-point-font - over 300 different beers to choose from and they list the type, the flavors contained therein, the country of origin, and the alcohol percent. It bears repeating: these people know their stuff when it comes to beer.
The place gets packed pretty quickly in the evenings, even faster if there's a game on. But the best part about Eulogy is where it's located; there's a hookah bar right around the corner from it that you can spend some time in while you wait for a table to open up. I always do it if the place is too crowded when I get there. The staff is always very hospitable, very friendly, and very accommodating. I'll be a fan for life.While visiting Philly, we stopped by this place and had a really great time.    Downstairs they have a long bar and upstairs there are a few tables and another bar area.  It's very laidback and casual.  
Their menu consists of about 200 beers (international) with about 15 on tap.  They also have ratings and alcohol content on the menu.  We really had no idea what to get but the waitress was really nice and helpful.  I ended up with La Chouffe served in a huge glass goblet.  It was amazing!  Sorta like a hefe but a little more sweet and smooth.  
They serve food too but didn't try any of it.  All in all, a nice place to hang out and try some new beers.Eulogy is a great staple in old city and Philadelphia. I always recommend this spot. Their beer selection is supreme and their food is equally as delicious. The decor rem is really funky and fun. If you want to travel to Belgian for a quick meal without the airfare, Eulogy is the spot to go.Sorry venerable Eulogy, but down you go to 3 stars.  It's actually tempting to give them 2, I hate to say.
When the craft beer revolution came to Philly, Eulogy was one of the ground-breakers.  Sure, you always had the problem of the Olde City location:  Obnoxious out-of-towners pulling up in their SUV's with Jersey Plates, strutting in and being *schocked* when their requests for Coors Light and Killian's Red were re-buffed and sneered at, but 3-5 years ago it was worth it for locals to endure such things in order to get to the great beer (and mussels!) selection.
But now Eulogy has become... tired.  The place remains "stuck" in its now outdated idiom while Philly has exploded with places that have better beer selections, better menus, and better non-tourist-attracting locations:  Devil's Den, Memphis Tap, Local 44, SPTR... the list goes on.
Took some out-of-towners there for dinner recently (only because they were staying in a nearby hotel) and really regretted the choice.  The beer list is no longer impressive, nor the mussels selection, and the guy who ordered a steak got a stringy, fatty, overcooked one.  And on top of that the A/C wasn't working on a day in the middle of a heatwave... actually I got the impression the place doesn't have A/C at all but I can't confirm this.Favorite Philly bar, probably second favorite overall.   It's always crowded but I've managed to find a seat every time.  Definitely recommend the upstairs bar, Andrew is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  Food is ok, but overall not the main draw.  Gigantic beer selection focusing on Belgian is the main attraction.  The only place I've been able to find Triliar Jacobite which is my favorite beer in the world.My boyfriend and I went here last night and as always I left feeling happy, drunk, and well fed. This is definitly my favorite bar in the city.  One of the few that has a quadrouple on tap and sells it by the pitcher! The staff here  are ridiculously nice and really know their beers! If you simply cant decide from the 500+ amazing belgian beers on the menu, just ask and im sure anyone  who works there can give you a decent reccomendation. The dinner menu is as equally tantelizing,  I ordered the lavander chicken and remembered why I recently started eating polutry again after a 10 year hiatus (Such a good idea).  You definitly can not go wrong here no matter what you get! ( unless of course its a bud light, but really when does that ever taste good)? 
FYI: I suggest not driving here because more than likely you will be to drunk to remember where you parked the car.Great hole in the wall type of place. Small and cozy inside. They have the longest beer list I've ever seen and the best mussels I've had in PhillyI'm a really big fan of Eulogy and came here very often as an undergrad. I love the beer selection here (it's huge) and the bartenders (always knowledgeable and friendly). The food here isn't bad either. Actually it's pretty great. The seating on the second floor is pretty funky. I remember we had a table that was really a coffin. 
I think this is a great alternative to Monk's (although Monk's is amazing!). It feels a bit more relaxed and not imposing - you simply don't feel like an idiot for ordering the wrong kind of beer.Hubby and I ate here last night when we were in Philly for the weekend, and I've got to be honest, I'm not sure why this place has so many good reviews. Perhaps at one time it was great or perhaps it's more for the beer selection, which yes, they have plenty, however the beer I ordered not only was not served in the proper glass, as the Belgians pride themselves in doing, but it was flat. My husband's beer was barely cold. Maybe it was an off night, but given the state of the place, I'm thinking this is the norm. Place was quite filthy, with bugs flying around - you know, like the kind that fly around when there is rotting food. Service was ehhh....not horrible but not great either. I ordered the Benelux salad, and it seriously lacked any flavor, the only flavorful thing in the salad - goat cheese tasted like it was on its last day. For my main, I ordered a small pot of moules and frites - the moules tasted like they weren't cleaned properly and one of them tasted so bad that I had to spit it out because I didn't feel like getting food poisoning. The frites were so greasy, I didn't even finish them. Maybe they are double fried like they say on the menu but they are clearly being fried at the wrong temperature so this shouldn't even happen. I literally felt like I ate a vat of grease. My husband had the tuna steak sandwich and he told the waitress medium well, but the pre-frozen tuna steak came out practically raw. I feel sort of bad even being this honest, but I hope the owner sees this and can make some very necessary changes - and hopefully he doesn't take this personally. I have spent a lot of time over the years in Belgium, djing in various clubs and festivals there, and in fact almost moved to Ghent, so to eat in a place that prides itself as one of the only Belgian restaurants in my home city, this was extremely disappointing. Sorry. 
(ps - this review is also posted on their Facebook, which I'm sure the owner will attempt to discredit or rip me to shreds. I stand by what I said though. Two stars for the beer selection but I doubt I will ever return here)Located in Old City, Philadelphia, Eulogy is a Belgian that feels like a local. Over 300 beers on the menu, with many you rarely find on tap. Had my first-ever Duchess de Bourgogne on draft, which had a smoother, more open balsamic tone and less bite that the bottle.Was also happy to see a handful of Unibroue's in Philly.
The food was typical, if uninspired, for a Belgian. Seemed more popular for its location than appreciation of its offerings. Near Independence Hall, theaters, and opposite many overly-trendy clubs, most downtowns would do well to get a serious beer haven like Eulogy.This place was great. We stopped here on Friday night after an evening boat tour. Great beer selection and the fries and cheese plate were outstanding. It is a little tight and upstairs bar is a little warm hence the 4 star review. Otherwise an enjoyable experience overall.What a great place! The beer selection was fantastic, and the food was pretty good! I would definitely return the next time I'm in Philly.Eulogy is Belgian-American dining at it's finest.  The beer list is so long, I generally stick to the still-expansive draught list for simplicity purposes.  The mussels (and I've had most of them) are probably the best in the city.  They are always cooked perfectly (very rarely do I find a closed one) and the sauces (especially the dijon) are exceptional.  The pretzel bites are pillowly and rather buttery, and the mustard it comes with is delicious (I may have even had some by itself on a fork).  However, the wings were drowned in sauce, which had too much butter flavor, so I will skip those next time.  For the pescetarian in your group, get the tuna burger.  It's an 8 oz piece of ahi tuna, cooked perfectly rare, on a bun with some additions.  
The only big complaint I have is the upstairs back room seating.  The tables are way too tall for the seating.  Everyone is short and it's rather uncomfortable to eat while sitting there.  This also happens to be the only place you can get a table bigger than 7, which makes it tough for bigger groups. 
The service here is always consistently good.  The food prices are also great as nothing on the right side of their menu (mussels and sandwiches) is over $13 a plate (Note: 2 lbs of mussels costs $17.99, but the one serving portion of 1 lb is $8.99).  
Overall, this place is WAYYYY better than Monk's, where at night you'll be waiting for a table so long you'll be eating breakfast by the time you get seated.