Fado is a great environment. I've only been there for soccer matches, but have had excellent service in most scenarios. Sometimes it's so crowded that the waitress can't even get to your table, but those instances are few (El Classico, St. Patty's, World Cup).
The breakfast food is very good and hearty. Irish coffees are a must first thing in the AM, immediately followed with a nicely poured Guinness.
It's probably the best place to watch soccer in center city.Big soccer bar. Brunch is delicious spot on. Great atmosphere to watch a game. Delicious food would come back. Plenty of tvs to see games. Loud venue love it.We went here last year after the Color run completely covered in colored corn starch. Despite that, they didn't mind us coming inside to sit at the bar. The bartender was incredibly friendly and even bought us a round for participating in the 5k. I'd reccommend this place for some strong drinks and great bartending.We went here before a concert at The Merriam Theater a few weeks back, and it was great.  We arrived later than we wanted because of traffic, and told the staff we were a bit rushed.  They couldn't have been more helpful, and did everything possible to get us in and out.  The beer and drinks were great, and so was our food.  Will definitely return.Visited last night with my 2 girls before seeing Wicked.  They had fish and chips and chicken and chips and loved it!  I had the black bean burger - not bad.  Would have been better with a chipotle mayo or something like that, but overall good.  My girls devoured a brownie sundae after dinner.  It must have been something - they ate it like it was a last meal.  LOL.  Good service.  Took a little while to get our check, but the place was pretty busy by then - that was the only slight negative, but all in all good food and service.  I would go back!This place sucks. As a vegan, there were hardly an options for me and the staff were not very accommodating. Also, the atmosphere is really terrible. This place is full of douchey suburbanites. I'd recommend Good Dog down the street and stay far away from this joint.The review is strictly based on weekend, late night shenanigans. When looking for a spot to drink, dance, and have a sweaty grand old time, Fado is one of the first spots that come to mind. Based on the crowd on a Saturday night, I'm not alone! Definitely a regular spot for letting loose on the weekends.Went with the family before going to the orchestra. It was OK, server was relatively friendly (but didn't get her name). Food was nothing to get too excited about. I made the mistake of getting Corned Beef and cabbage, corned beef was OK, cabbage was under cooked. We also had the fish & chips and the Irish breakfast. Sausages were fully cooked but too mushy in the middle. Fish & chips was standard American version. I've been on a mission to find a good Irish Coffee. Atleast this one was made properly, with heavy cream sitting on top (as opposed to spray cream that most use). The downside was the strong cinammon mini swirls on the top - they were too overpowering. We got in and out in an hour early Friday evening, so can't complain about that.Was let down by the quality of the food and didn't feel particularly welcome. However service was quick and efficient and atmosphere amongst patrons was great.Went here with my friend and her mother while we were going to see a show in Philly. I was skeptical of the place at first considering we could sit where we wanted and I wasn't sure if our waitress would ever get to us; the place was packed. Surprisingly, our service was friendly and pretty quick! Our dessert did take sometime to come out, but the manager came over to our table and apologized for that. The customer service was great and the food was delicious. The Shepherd's pie melts in your mouth, the rhubarb pie was sweet and crafted perfectly, and even the wrap I had was great! I had a awesome meal and will be back again (regardless of the mass overload by the bar. :D)Great authentic Irish pub. Owners are from Ireland  (though it seems to be a chain upon further Internet research) and take great care in their business. Sat at the bar for lunch and ordered an old fashioned which was carefully and very well crafted. Delicious.
Ordered tomato basil soup (just okay) and a very good corned beef sandwich. The horseradish on it was awesome-fresh and bitey.Great neighborhood bar! Fun to watch sporting events at because the crowd is always fun and everyone gets into it. The service is always on point!
Food is very Irish, which is unique, and inexpensive. Great seasonal drinks and an awesome happy hour! Quiz night every Wednesday which includes the all night happy hour.
Late night menu after a night of drinking is delicious. Best chicken fingers I think I've ever had. Good brunch as well included bottomless bloody marys and mimosas.
Crowd is fun on Friday and Saturdays. Good music and dancing.
Just an all around fun time at this place!!Ok I take back what I said about the food. Over the past few years their menu has improved drastically. I love going here for lunch now! The menu changes regularly and everything I've tried has been amazing! Also I have not had any run-ins w the nasty quizzo master since my last review. Fado is officially back in my good books!The double stack cheeseburger was cooked and seasoned just right. I've been on the hunt for a burger that's similar to the ones I have had in New Zealand. Which side note, if you ever visit the land of the Kiwi's you must get a burger with aioli. 
Back to this Irish pub... this burger was the closest burger so far to the New Zealand burger. The only thing missing was aioli! I think I will have to buy aioli and just sneak it in this place. The fries were also delicious. They weren't thin but they also weren't too thick. I also had a strongbow cider to go with it which came in a pretty tall glass. 
The service was slow however my table was in a good conversation so it wasn't a problem for us. I could see how if people were looking for a quick meal or may just want to eat instead of talking with their company that they would be annoyed with the service.Bloody Mary's are great, but the bar is very small. Tough to grab a drink, but it really depends on the night. Haven't had the food but from what I saw on some of the tables.. Looked great.Let me morph into the cranky version of Tony Bourdain for this one . . . ok.
Wanna meet meatheads from two continents?  Enjoy waiting 15 minutes for beers as you get jostled by random drunken louts?  Like overhearing inane arguments between couples whose combined IQ struggles to break into the triple digits?  Come to Fado on a Saturday night!
Maybe if you're a desperate soccer fan or you're going at a slow time, Fado is worthwhile.  If it's the weekend, however, this place is just like every other massive Irish Pub establishment in Philly . . . big, loud, and stupid.  Ugggh.Whoo, what an intense soccer bar! Full of hardcore fans, who cheer at every goal and groan at every miss. Awesome place to watch soccer and get in the full soccer spirit. I've heard this is the best soccer bar in the city.Fado's in Atlanta was my favorite place to watch Soccer games
Now Fado's in Philly is my favorite place to watch Soccer games. The best part is the large selection of European beers, the Europeans sports that they have on and the great bartenders makes it one of my favorite places in Philly again
I love the breakfast potatoes and the Franziskaner beer and of course the huge number of EPL fans
Every weekend morning during EPL season, I'll be here rooting for Manchester UnitedWe came here once while out bar hopping. There is no circulation in this place - granted this was about 5 years ago but all I remember was how hot I was. The music was good and people were dancing but with all the people and no air circulating, it got hot and stuffy really quick. We were dying in there and felt like we were going to pass out. We never came back here so I'm not sure if the stuffyness is still the same.Oh how I love Fado ! Love coming here just for casual drinks, a night out, or dinner date. Love the atmosphere inside this irish pub. Great bartenders and good beer selection. Food is incredible.Daytime - OK food, international soccer fans crowding in for a decent spot in front of the oddly laid out TVs (unless your game du jour is on the big screen).
Nighttime - where dorks come to dance, not letting the fact that there is no dance floor deter them.
If you're within 5 years of being 30, have a good job now but were the type to stay in and study in lieu of partying in college, and still regard your semester abroad as, like, the most incredible experience of your life this is the place for you.  Ya nerd.Great place for burgers and beer !  Had a great meal and server Dana who was very attentive and friendly !  Will def come again !Food was good. We had the fish and chips and an extra side of chips, but be honest, no one goes to the pub for the food.  The beer selection was outstanding. A good number of beers on tap, both local and from abroad, as well as many bottled choices. I'm a Guinness fan and they offered multiple Guinness mixes.  Atmosphere was good and the DJ took over at 11 and kicked it up a notch.  Next time in Philly I will definitely try to make it back to Fado's.  My friend and I sampled a few different drafts and liked them all!Not necessarily anything special, but the drinks are pretty much decent priced, the barbeque wings are absolutely delicious, there is plenty of seating, and Quizzo on Weds nights is fun and actually sort of challenging.  :)I've only been to Fado for drinks before, but last night I had my first meal there and I thought it was absolutely impressed. I was expecting just to be a bar with satisfactory food.
The Service: 4/5
Grabbed a table for 3 on friday night and the bar was a bit crowded. Getting our service started was a little on the slower side. Our waitress made some excellent suggestions and was pretty helpful. 
The Food: 4/5
Ordered the parmesan chip(fries) and a reuben. The parmesan chips were nice and light and nothing mind blowing, however the reuben was fantastic and is enough reason for me to return. The slaw wasn't overpowering and wasn't too thick and heavy, the bread was nicely toasted, and the corned beef was very hearty.  
The Atmosphere: 4/5
It's a Philadelphia bar, so normally you get the usual effects (smells like beer soaked in the wooden floors, sort of dim, etc.). It wasn't too loud, and their are plenty of separate rooms so sound doesn't travel or get enormously loud like other bars.
Fado is a solid establishment. A great place to have drinks or dinner with some friends or a if your date is a sports fan.Fado gets five stars from me for a few key reasons: Champions League soccer, Six Nations rugby, absolutely the friendliest bartenders in the city, and a cozy atmosphere no matter the time of day. Oh, and their bartenders are actually Irish. What a novelty at an Irish pub...The service was so bad i hate this place the bartender was a unfriendly  i cant believe how the people can be like that  too corporateDropped by to have a beer. Read the reviews and the negative ones I just don't understand. Great pub! Period. I ordered the Quesedillas based on a review. Holy Moly! Awesome!  Kudos to the chef that came up with the potato pancakes instead of a tortilla ...  Major good!  Staff is very nice. Friendly. You get treated they way you should get treated when you're a polite customer.  I'll be coming back, for sure.  Recommended this for everyone that wants to sit and have cold beer and some really really good food.The staff at Fado is really friendly.  Especially during the day.   Weekend mornings are great for watching soccer.  Great drink specials and fabulous brunch specials.  
Weekend nights can be a bit suburban and fratty what with the Patco train right in front of the bar.  The weeknight activities more than make up for it though.  They've got the best quizzo in Philadelphia as rated by Philadelphia Style Magazine. 
Overall this is a good place to go for a quiet drink most of the week, but you probably want to avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights.  Unless you like dancing, and people who wish they were cool enough for Continental.No where to stand , we were always in the way. We were leaning against a ledge and was told it was a table. I would have requested a different table if the hotess tried to place me there. It was very frustrating to not find a place to stand out of the way, we left after one roundjust the place to go when you live in the gayborhood but your out of town friends are afraid of "the gay bars." overpriced drafts but the atmosphere is pretty legit.
gets suuuuuper crowded on weekend nights around midnight, but otherwise a nice place to grab a beer. the food (yum! quesadillas!) is approved.Came for one of the Copa Americana games that was going on in Philly- USA vs Paraguay, and they gave out so much swag!! (See pic)! Fish tacos were delicious, spicy, and crunchy from the fish and veggies. Great prices, around $9, but hh is weekdays 4-7 so didn't catch it that Saturday. Place was packed that night and they have plenty of TVs of all sizes for your viewing pleasure. Could be a bit cleaner though. Friendly/fast-ish service. All in all 5/5!!Great service, good food, but minus stars for such EXPENSIVE drinks at a Pub.  I know we're in Center City, but this isn't exactly fine dining.  It's a fun atmosphere and I will definitely stop by again.my GoTo worldcup bar. Great crowds of supporters for both teams dressed in appropriate team colors. Guinness and decent pub foodyour experience here REALLY depends on why you are coming.  i come here for the SOCCER.  they have all the games going in multiple areas so if you want to see serie a you can even if a premier match is on in the main area.  
i also love that they have the soccer matches they are going to broadcast on their website - so you could even plan in advance. 
even though this is a weird small chain this place feels more like a local pub than an applebeas so whatever. i cant hate on that. but i've never been here for an after work ish happy hour or on a satuday night....  i can imagine it's filled with yuppies and could get rather obnoxious. 
 just wish they had more VEGAN options.  they have a ton of veg. stuff but it's dairy laden which is hard for me.  
also their bloody mary is NOT VEGAN.  there is fish sauce in it.  
if fado could make a vegan brunch special and a vegan bloody mary i'd move in there on weekends.I think if you come here during the not packed time, you're going to enjoy yourself.
I stopped in recently for happy hour on a Friday and I was pleasantly surprised.  When my friend suggested Fado, I sort of groaned thinking back to the one other time I had been here at 10:30 on a Saturday and it was "party mode".  Not the case this time.
We sat outside and drank our pints of Guinness.  The service was prompt and I was able to just sit back and enjoy the conversation.  We sampled their wings (not very spicy but nicely cooked) and their boxtie chips with hummus.  I enjoyed the boxtie with hummus more than the wings.
I've heard that Fado opens up special hours to show international soccer matches.  I think that's a cool feature and maybe one day I'll let someone drag me to one of them.
Also, special note, I stopped in here one other time for a beer and to kill some time before going to a byo.  Seeing that I had a bottle of white wine with me, the bartender offered to refrigerate it while I enjoyed my beer and beat the heat.  That was a very considerate move on his part.I hate to even put this on the internet because I'm ashamed of it, but here goes:  Fado is my guilty pleasure.  The first time my friend suggested we go to Fado at 11pm on a Friday, I died a little on the inside.  Lucky for her, we'd been at a beer festival for hours, so I begrudgingly wing-womened up and went to Fado.  
And wow.  I had NO idea they had a dance party.  And definitely had no idea I was going to have so much fun in it.  Yes, it's ridiculous packed and normally I would hate that - but somehow, every time I go (which is really not that often as it is a GUILTY pleasure) I somehow manage to have an amazing, sweaty time.  And there are always foreigners there.  Which is always a plus in my book.First of all, i'm sure this review would be more than 2 stars if it wasn't for horrible service.  The food was good, and to be honest, I would go back for the food, but the service was terrible.  It was a saturday, and not more than half the restaurant was full.  We had waitresses switched on us 3 times during the meal, and the only one that was friendly was the first girl who must have switched shifts.  Both of the other two rarely came back to the table, didn't get the orders correctly, and upon requesting 5 times to get a TV changed to a hockey game, they changed it for us when they brought the check.  Needless to say, we didn't leave much of a tip.  Could have just been a bad experience, but 2 out of 3 girls could have cared less about their customers.Nice place with a good selection of beers and also great food. 
I want to mention especially the bartenders which are always available for a nice chat. 
I live around Fado but even there is a huge selection of bars, I always come back. 
On weekends, around 10 it gets a kind of club style. A DJ plays great music and it is getting really crowded.Stopped by Fado yesterday around 1 pm for brunch, have 
to say I was really impressed with it being an Eagles home 
game, it was extremely busy. However the host was able to accommodate us, our plan for the day was to go somewhere else to watch the game, but the vibe we felt kept us there all day.
Our server was excellent and took great care of us the food was awesome and I would definitely go back. Always thought of Fado as a soccer bar but what they did for the game changed my mind completely.
Looking forward to watch soccer games there in the future.Me and my boyfriend LOVE Quizzo. I don't know how we really got started playing but our new favorite spot is Fado. They seem to actually care by having workers walk around looking for cheaters.  Out of Fergies, National Mechanics, and Mac's Tavern we have finally found a winner! They have tons of rounds and a nice atmosphere. The fish tacos are delicious (although I have never came across a bad fish taco). They play good music which sometimes includes throwbacks from my pop-punk years. We will continue to frequent this place on Wednesdays for their wonderful Quizzo.The food here is either really big or really small. Or at least that's what I gathered from my experience here the other night. I got there and we did a Guiness pour... I apparently don't know how to pour a Guiness. I failed.  Did I even spell it correctly? 
Anyway, I ordered a potato soup. That's it. It was teeny tiny. It wasn't bad. Just no substance to it. No bacon, no chunks of potato. Not bad, just not hearty, Irish Pubby soup. It looks like they got to it with a wand mixer. 
The other food may be better but I just wanted more. I will go back but for now... 2 stars for my $5 soup.My husband and I stumbled upon this place earlier tonight and I'm so glad we did! It's an intimate atmosphere with great food. I had the bacon cheeseburger cooked to a true medium rare and my husband had the mushroom soup and salad. Both were absolutely delicious! the staff were friendly. Alex, our server, was awesome. We will definitely be backwent here to try & watch Chelsea, that was a mistake...on St Patricks dayI really like Fado. The bartenders are cool and fast, they are real bartenders that know what they are doing. One time I was in Fado by myself and this drunk old weirdo kept coming up to me and the bartender told him to skedaddle...well the hobo came back and the bartender came around the bar and was firm but not a dick and made the guy leave me alone. Thanks for that:) 
As far as food I've only ever had the potato wedges with cheese but I've had them about 10 times they are that good! They serve food pretty late I'm not sure till when but a reasonable hour. 
I prefer to come here on weeknights or like a Sunday evening because it can get packed on weekends. 
Yes it is a chain but it doesn't have that chain feel to me. I've been to the Fado in Annapolis and I prefer this location. 
The decor isn't great but it's an Irish bar not the latest hip nightclub. 
I dress casually to come here but like I said I go on the off nights, the weekends is more of a meat market like someone else had remarked. 
Overall I really like this place and think it's a great spot to have a drink.Salmon bites are my FAV actually it's the only thing I order really. That and cider bear or Long Island which for a center city joint they make them really well. TV's everywhere...cool people...great spot to catch soccer game. Everyone is into it...good timesGet Fish and Chips! It's great. I went with my friend the day before St. Patrick's Day. It was a very nice dinner. Great service! Also, the Irish coffee is really good! Definitely gonna go more often!I continue to stand by my previous review, but would like to give a shout out to John, our waiter tonight. NYE is a busy night and we got here early, before their NYE bash. They didn't shoo us out, didn't tell us to to leave our large table even after the remainder of our party left. John was very friendly and helpful. 
P.S. Conveniently located by the PATCO station.I went here on a Friday night and it was SO DAMN CROWDED. Literally swimming in a sea of people. Yes, drinks were cheap (2 Whiskey sours for less than $15) but I'm not sure it's worth struggling not to spill it all because I'm invading 5 other people's personal space. There's definitely a wide range of age groups here, though I do feel a college vibe. I was told I'd hear some 90s throwback music that night but for the duration of my stay, that definitely was not true :( Thank god for coat check though because going out during the winter is such a struggle!! I could see how this place may be fun if I had a few more drinks but meh, I think I can find better bars out in the city!It's a nice place but there were not so many eating options, and I wanted other types of Strongbow and only apple cider was on the menu, so... so far was ok but was expecting more...I don't really like this place but can't seem to avoid it. It is a chain which is insulting but is popular with friends of mine from Ireland (figure that out). The bartenders aren't bad but they're Irish so they spend more time hitting on girls then pouring your pint of Guinness. Not too expensive. I've never been thrown out so that's a plus. It's a good place to watch soccer except for when they try to charge a cover for a game at 7:30 in the morning. Of course it is sometimes worth it to start pounding beers at 7:30 in the morning. Side note: McGlinchey's pub down the street still allows indoor smoking.Cool Irish pub located in center city. Definitely authentic. This place has it all. Love to come here and watch soccer. Great Staff. They definitely promote having a good time. If you come to Philly this place is a must visit. Great for watching games. Good for groups. Food and drinks are good with a pretty decent selection. Reasonable price. I have been multiple times and would definitely recommend.I feel like the food selection when I went in there left a lot more to be desired than when I just checked the menu online. Maybe they added a lot more stuff because now the selection looks pretty amazing! The main selling point for me on the night in question was the fact that they had SNICKERS BAR MARTINIS... and they were super cheap! I think they are discounted one night a week... something not noted on the menu. Regardless, I need to go here for dinner one night, pronto and then I will re-assess my stars!Generic philly irsh pub, with the typical beer selection. This place gets packed on the weekends. It can be really hard to get a drink in there. Its a wierd crowd, mostly mid-20's, with a high ratio of d-bags. 
Fado seems to be an active pickup joint considering I was grinded by a bachlorette party on the way to the bathroom, and my finance was groped by another woman in the ladies room! 
Not a good place for an after-dinner beer , but a good option for large groups looking to act like morons.Great place in a perfect location! Food was above awesome and service was excellent!
 Have a minute come in for a snack and a pint!Fado is great place to eat breakfast and drink Guinness while watching British Football on weekend mornings. The food is good and they have a friendly, hardworking staff. My only minor disappointment is that they no longer serve pretzels.This bar had a great ambiance and definitely easy to get in to.  However, the people there were pushy and rude and it's not easy to get around in on a busy night.  The drinks were okay, but definitely not worth all the annoyance.Yeah, it's a chain restaurant but they have some killer lunch and happy hour specials which makes this spot a common meet-up spot for my husband and myself when I meet him in Center City for lunch or after work. 
Their Guinness is some of the best poured in the city. The little nook and crannies and dark wood really do remind me of a real Irish pub. 
Get their fish and chips and you will not be disappointed!Regretfully, we chose to eat at your establishment last night before attending a show at the local theatre. We had a group of ten and we made reservations. The service was extremely poor. We were handed two menus for ten to share, no napkins or silver ware until requested. Our drinks sat empty for several minutes and our food didn't arrive for about an hour after ordering.  When our meals finally arrived, we had to rush to eat to make our show. We made reservations at 5:15pm for a 7:30pm show. This should have been ample time to have a nice comfortable meal. Its a shame that a center city establishment located in the theatre district directly down the street from the biggest theatre in Philadelphia couldn't accomodate a party of ten with prior made reservations. Extremely disappointed.In a city with its share of pseudo Irish pubs, Fado is completely authentic in its decor, furnishings, atmosphere and menu.  Initially our server was not connecting with us but he found his groove as the night went on.  The food was very tasty, well presented and an excellent value.  Don't miss the lamb and blue cheese sliders with au jus.  You could make the sliders a light entree with the addition of their excellent fries.  The spinach salad was another stand-out highlight.Love Fado and their great food and drink specials. The staff is great and customers are friendly. It is the place in Philly watch soccer and football games.Your experience at fado really depends on when you go and why you're there.  I would recommend for a weekday night (quizzo wednesdays!) to grab some grub or a beer, but unless you want to relive your college frat days avoid this place at all costs on the weekends!  There is no space, the music is deafeningly loud, and it's impossible to get a drink without elbowing your way to the bar and yelling at the bartender.  
The food is pretty decent pub fare and they have a decent drink selection.  The service is also pleasant and helpful.  
On a weekday night there's nothing particularly wrong with Fado, but it doesn't stand out in the philly pub scene.I've been here a few times before.  All my experiences have varied from good to bad.  This time happened to be a good one as we came with a large group of guys for a quasi-bachelor party on a Sunday night.  Some of the guys were quite rowdy, but the servers were extremely patient and on point throughout the evening.  They have a great selection of beer/liquor.  I'm not much into the Irish beers, but was delighted to see Troeggs on tap.  I had a couple of those during the evening.  I ordered the pork belly tacos.  They were pretty decent, but not the best pork belly tacos I have had.  Also tried some of the fries on the table (just okay) and some of the cheese puffs (actually pretty good).  Almost everyone at the table enjoyed what they had.
The place is a pretty neat space with a lot of real wood finishes.  It's an irish pub so expect soccer to be on the TV.  I've been here on a Fri/Sat night as well and it pretty much turns into a club (which I find really odd), so fair warning to those looking for a chill irish pub during those times.Where do I begin?  I am visiting the city with my brother and I wanted to go to a bar to enjoy watching a proper soccer match where I can enjoy an pint and good company. From start to finish this place sets the bar high. My server Scott was knowledgeable and attentive. Every game was on and the crowd was a pleasure to be around. I ordered an Irish coffee which was made table side and a Guinness which started my meal off right. I took a look at a fully loaded brunch menu which was filled with outstanding options. I went with the chicken and biscuit which was delicious. After the soccer match, my favorite college football team was playing and with a simple request it was not only put on tv but they even had the sound going throughout the bar which made me feel as if I was there. When I tell you this is the place to be and has top notch customer service that won't be beat!  I will be coming back to this bar weekly for the experience as well as the food and service.  Job well done Fado.Came here after being ignored at Misconduct across the street.  The experience was a very positive one - mostly because of our waitress, Katie.  She made sure everything was perfect and accommodated all our orders and needs.  Fado turns from a more relaxed/dining atmosphere to more of a club atmosphere around 11:30-midnight on a Friday night.  Their music selection is very broad, anything from hardcore EDM to Backstreet Boys... it really screws with peoples' moods, haha.
They don't have much food selection at night and the kitchen closes at 11 on a Friday, which seemed somewhat early, but we ordered 3 minutes before closing and Katie was able to meet our needs.  Overall a positive experience experience and would definitely be back.You can't go wrong with heading to Fado's for a night out in town.
This is by far my favorite pub in Center City because not only do you have the option to dance like its 1999. But you can also have the privilege to select a wide array of beers, and they have one of my favorite Irish specialities: Magners. 
Last time I was there, me and my friend met a few Irish guys, and the next thing I knew I was pulling out my Michael Jackson moves, while creating a thriller experience for bystanders. 
Needless to say, I always have a blast.Not real Irish food, mostly American Pub Grub but the fish and chip were ok. The drinks flowed.Fun place to go out to on a Friday or Saturday night. Food is pretty good though a little expensive for what you get. Overall, if you like soccer, Guinness, or a fun night out, Fado is a solid place to go.We had to wait a few minutes for a table, we were visiting on Saturday during March Madness in 2015, but the service was very good and out food was phenomenal. I ordered the steak boxty and it was delicious. I paired my entree with a a Crabbie's cocktail of ginger beer and Jameson whiskey. Would definitely re-visit next time I am in Philadelphia.I have been here 3 times in the last 2 years. All three experiences were different because they were all different meal times. Breakfast was large portions, and the atmosphere was quiet. The irish coffee was delicious. The second was for lunch and again was a quiet atmosphere. The food was very good. the third time I went was with a large group for my birthday. It was very loud, but we caused a lot of that. The space is big, and the food again delicious.
2 things to note: It is in the city so it is a bit more expensive than the suburbs.
The wait staff is quick to bring your food, but slow in checking on you when it is crowded. 
They can fit a lot of people in there, so for a good meal with a nice calm atmosphere I suggest going for breakfast. For a loud bar scene with good food, weekend nights, this is the place to be.Came here for Quizzo on Wednesday night. They have a happy hour all night on Wednesdays. Their food and drink menu were pretty great. Try the Strawberry/rhubarb infused Jameson and the pulled lamb french dip and I swear you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to come back. Shout-out to our server John for taking care of us all night.Went to a convention in Philly and stopped in here around 11pm. Good Irish food, lots of drinks, good atmosphere.Ehh, this place is only okay.  It was a stop on a hurricane bar crawl.  My group was the only one there, but they had no specials for us.  The music was pretty loud, and not danceable.  We ended up staying for a drink and then moving on.  A couple people ordered some apps, and I will say that the food seemed pretty good.Came here for he first time this past weekend and enjoyed everything. We had the cheese dip and wedges as the app which was soooo good. For entree I had some chicken bowl and my boyfriend had the reube. Mine was nothing special but I didn't expect it to be coming from an Irish pub. The Reuben on the other had was stuffed and thoroughly enjoyedParking: There is a garage nearby. For about  2 hours we paid $20 on a Sunday. There is street parking, but good luck locating an empty spot!
Ambience: We were seated quickly. There wasn't much crowd for brunch time- just a few people at the bar. The lighting inside the restaurant isn't the greatest, which made it difficult to see. 
Food: The corned beef sandwich was delicious! It came with a Chicken Tortilla soup in a small bowl that was mediocre at best. The price was very reasonable for the meal. My sister ordered a side plate of Bangers. According to her they were just as good as the ones she had in Ireland. 
Service: Our waitress was friendly and checked-in often. She made sure to keep filling the Bottomless Bloody Marys, which made everyone happy!
If you are in the mood for Irish food make sure to give Fado a try.Went for brunch and supper and don't have too much to say. The menu has good Irish food and the service was good except for a bartender which seemed unhappy with me (and anyone who knows me knows that I usually just accept incorrect orders and mistakes without saying a thing). The atmosphere is perfect though and they have a great beer selection.Happy hour, $5 appetizers.  Tried the chips with bacon and cheese, yum.  Also had the BBQ wings which were awesome.  For dinner had a bacon cheeseburger which was very tasty.  My friends had fish n chips and a beet sandwich, both were excellent.  Our waitress was very personable.  Overall a good pub experience.Food is decent. Bar is great. 
I would advise heading there for happy hour, they have some solid deals.My wife and I came here as we recently moved into the area and were looking for a good Rueben.  My wife tried that and I had fish and chips.  Both were pretty good but not special.  The prices are very reasonable and the selection of beers was great.  I would recommend going to Reading Terminal for a world class Rueben.  The place is very noisy and busy so don't go to relax.Good atmosphere, decent drink selection, and an overall good place to come out for a drink or two. Don't come expecting to have quiet or important conversations as it is far too loud for that...come for beer,and beer alone!