Worst bar I have been to in a very long time. The bathrooms were dirty, the floor looked like their slushy machine had broke all over it. It was black and watery. The bouncers were the biggest joke of them all. There was no reentry so if you needed to take a phone call you had to pay cover Again to get back in. My friends Id was expired. They told me if I gave them $20 each plus my cover, they would let him in. So $45 in total. I was enraged so they wouldn't even let me in to say goodbye to the rest of the crew. Very corrupt and very dirty as an establishment. I will not be going back.Sticky floors. Sticky menus. Sticky bartenders. People smoke on the front porch and it travels into the bar - caca. On Mardi Gras, though, the energy was good and many people came out to drink. 
The beverages are what you'd expect - sugary slushies. Not great, but strong enough to do the job. The worst part about this place is that they don't have signature Fat Tuesday cups. They're served in gas station styrofoam coffee cups, which defeats the purpose of going to a place like this.They demand pics that get stored onto their system along with your drivers license information and I bet they make a ton of money selling that information. Besides the invasion of privacy it's a great NO bar that can get weird most nights. I'm totally into getting weird so it's 4 stars from me.good god - this place is horrendous. 
we were at a launch party at the Adidas store friday night and fat tuesdays was right across the street so we went in as a joke being that we were pretty buzzed from the 3 hour open bar in the adidas store. 
Now I have not been here since I turned 21. I cant even begin to describe the people here. With in 5 mins of being here a fight broke out between a 200 lbs man and a 100lbs woman - a chair flew across the floor. 5 mins later when we were leaving that same girl was laying on the side walk out front with blood pouring from her head with police and ambulance there. 
needless to say I will never be back here.The Fat Tuesday on South Street is a DUMP! right from the minute you step up the stairs, you will find someones throw up, right along side of the stairway, guess the management and staff members are too busy being rude and treating the customers like criminals in a lineup to notice the mess and clean it up.  The fat angry slob that they have at the front of this dump will be reason enough not to spend your money there. I can't believe this place is still in business!!A hot mess.
Would only come here and actually enjoy after having a few drinks elsewhere.
$5 cover on the weekends...or at least it was the last time I went there. Blah.
I actually prefer the ones in Vegas.I had a decent time... Considering I went alone lol. But the place is a little drab looking but there were a good amount of people there. Other than that it's your average Fat Tuesday. They had some flavored that I never tried and I have been to Fat Tuesday in different countries. It doesn't have that vacation aura like the other places AND there was a $10 cover to get in which sucked. The bartender Billy Joe was awesome to me and friendly. Everyone who worked their was pretty nice.You know those movies where everyone is just standing around until great music comes on and everyone starts dancing and has a great time...well this place is not that. First off there is a cover charge, which I do not understand because it was a dead Friday night. Second off the music was mediocre. The only thing that was okay about this place were their famous octane drinks. The only GREAT thing about this place was the service was very fast and the servers were very friendly and helpful.This place has good and very strong drinks (which I love).  I use my refillable cup as often as possible.   As for the clientele it varies.  We are never put off by any crowd.  
The floors and bathrooms are gross it's true but I'm not here for that.   My only suggestion would be the ladies room attendants should be more friendly. Remember your here to drink not anything else.  
Please mop the floors more often or better.Quick service, usually a good time during the day.
Wouldn't recommend going at night. Octanes are cheap for how strong they are. Will give you a mean hangover though ! Bathrooms usually get pretty disgusting after awhile.Don't come during peak hours and you'll be ok. I enjoy tasting their huge selection of frozen drinks and have almost polished off the list, just a few more to go.  Do NOT come here when the sun goes down, under any circumstances. Unless that is you are young, in college, are loud, or an attention whore douche.Fat Tuesday ALWAYS hit the spot!! 190 Octane is the way to go. It's located right on the strip of all the action. FYI, you're not able to leave with drinks anymore.This place is GHETTO. The crowd was not safe and the bartenders were very unorganized. Not in a good neighborhood either.I don't understand why my friends enjoy this place.  I'm gonna start by naming the things i dislike since I've been here several times.  
1. Cover charge (it's a bar)
2. Sticky floors
3. The alcoholic slurpees
 My friend received a cocktail from a guy, being the drinker that I am I took a sip.  Mmmm... Rum and coke with a big splash of water.   And if you're hungry expect to pay the cover charge ($5) again to re-enter.  I am impressed with the security team that is visible, sometimes South Street can become a lil ratchet. The DJ Saturday night was energetic and keep the crowd dancing.  This wont be my last time here, but I'll try to convince others in my circle to party somewhere else.This place is dirty and dingy- and the crowd is usually almost ALWAYS sketchy. After 1.5 190 octanes, you will be DRUNK. I've had a few interesting experiences here. I really don't recommend going here except to try the 190 octane if you haven't before.I came here with a few friends for some drinks. The place is very casual, the drinks are good and cheap. I had the Car5 which is my favorite since its not super sweet. I also got to try the French fries and fried green string beans. Both were good but the string beans were really delicious.the drinks were very good! they weren't serving food on the day my friend and I decided to stop in, which was a little disappointing but if you're looking for a good liquid lunch this place is gold! they have many different flavored slushy alcohol drinks for $8.50 for around a pint size glass. you can even mix flavors! we asked to try a small half shot of one and they declined, but obviously understandable they don't want people to keep trying all the flavors and get a buzz and leave! lol but overall would recommend. they even have a 'garage style' door that opens when it's nice out with seating off the balcony area! not ideal when sitting near the entrance though as you will leave smelling like a cig due to people smoking. we went during the day and it was a good place to stop for one.Frozen drinks and that's about it.   They have a wall filled with frozen drink machines of varying flavors and Potency's.  During the warmer months the front of the restaurant opens and you have a great view of South Street.Drinks are bangin, security is super strict and rude as hell. the music is poppin but nobody dances like that, its more of a two step/bop vibe. They need more bartenders esp for weekends and the cover is ridiculous.Very run down looking. It is in desperate need of a face-lift. The staff is very friendly, however this is not where I want to spend a night out. When I think fat Tuesdays I think of a place in need of bar rescueCant complain. Music selection sucks from the jut box but lets face it, we r there to drink. After 9pm I beleive they have a covrr charge of 10$ and after 10 they have a dj w/ good music.  Frozen drinks nothing exciting but it does its job. Unfortunately u cant sample the drinks like wet willies.... My fav is The mardi gras drink. Ohhhhh the fried green string beans were delicious omg must try.Went there a few days ago and had a good time the drinks really good , the bartender was pretty cool . I felt so bad I kept forgetting his name. The only thing was my boyfriend and I wanted to watch the a certain game and he didn't want to change the channel lol !You're fucking trash bags who threw PAYING customers out of their bar, calling the cops and getting us thrown out. The waitress claimed that we had stolen shots off of her when we never had. No one bothered to ask us and preferred to listen to us instead. This place is racist and prejudiced against people of colour. DO NOT GO if you're a normal and sane person. It was the most humiliating experience of my life and I hope you never have to go through anything like this.Ordered a drink and it was awful. I asked to please exchange my drink and the bartender and apparently manager Mackenzie told me that they couldn't do that. I didn't want to let this $8.50 slushee go to waste lol. My friend ordered plain fries and it took 15 minutes for them to come out they came out overdone and cold. She tried to get Mackenzie's attention MULTIPLE TIMES, and she continued to walk away and go outside to smoke MULTIPLE cigarettes. (She needs to stop, she's gonna get cancer, I'm worried for her health) when she finally came over she argued with my friend that these are how all the fries are done and if she wanted new fries she'd have to pay for them! The whole staff was rude, the slushees were good but probably only because the bartender didn't have to do anything but pull a lever. Don't get the LIT! If I could give no stars truly I would.Sports bar, they have security at front carding everyone and ensuring a barebones dress code. They do not carry the giant size drinks as they have in Vegas. 8.50 for a frozen daiquiri, and you can get a souvenir bottle for $5.I've been to New Orleans and am familiar with the Fat Tuesday chain so I knew not to expect a classy place. This place is what it is and it's not trying to change because obviously A LOT of people like it enough to keep it in business. And really, does the name 'Fat Tuesday' pop in your mind when you think of an upscale place? Didn't think so...
With that said, I went here last Saturday night ($5 to get in) and all hell was breaking loose that night due to there being 3 fights, one in which the owner (a man) got spit on and smacked in the face by a female. WTF? That was the precise moment I decided that I really need to stop coming here. Now this might be a little difficult because my hood friends like it there and they always treat so I end up going, drinking my little spiked slushy, dancing a little, and people watching.
The DJ is whack and let's every song play basically to the last second. Ladies don't wear cute shoes here because they will stick to the floor or have something spilled on them or get stepped on.
So...if you're looking for a place to get smashed (literally and figuratively), by all means go.Deserving of a 1 star rating. If you want to see some of the most ratchet people of the tri-state area, then this is the bar to go to. Their drinks are made in huge trash cans which are never cleaned. The water hose that is used to make drinks is also the same one that sits in the dirty mop bucket. the floors are sticky and their food is disgusting. The food is so fried it would most likely clog an artery on the spot. Fights normally occur every weekend and it is a rough crowd all together.Yes, the bar has many posted signs regarding debit card use, about which I'm still confused. However, I've never encountered a problem using my debit card when I go out to bars. I went on a Sunday, and every day since I continue to find fraudulent charges on my account from Fat Tuesday. I don't know if this establishment sells the card information, or if the bartender was just cashing out a little extra at my expense. Whatever, the bank is paying me back. 
That isn't even my biggest complaint. I work in the food industry. I understand the importance of food safety and cleanliness. As soon as I walked into the bar, my feet were sticking to the floor worse than any creepy movie theater you could possibly imagine. The bar-back was mopping bleach all over the place, with guests sitting and eating not even 5 feet from him. The whole place smelled like chemicals, tasted like 7-eleven, and the bartender was less-than friendly.
Too shady, too expensive, NOT WORTH IT.There's really no point to come here...stopped in for a beer on our way to another bar (because what can I say?  I get distracted easily).   I don't mind getting stuck to the floor if I'm generally having a good time (good people, beer specials, tasty grub) but $4 for a bottle of Miller Lite and stuck to the floor is just lame.  Move along folks...What a bizarre place! The alcoholic slushies are indeed strong, and the strawberry flavored one is pretty edible in my opinion. I can only have one at a time for fear that my blood sugar will skyrocket. The atmosphere is a bit trashy and unsavory, but hey... to each his own...Was told by whoever answered the phone there is no cover charge before 9, guy in the front insisted they were wrong and still charged my whole party. Place is just a small bar with their octane freezes--which are good. 
Still mad about the cover charge will not come here again if employees are not going to honor the before 9 offer.Very poor customer service, had a fruit fly in 2 of my drinks in one night and they did not honor anything.Came to Fat Tuesdays visiting from LA and it was a great experience! Lexi was awesome! She was so friendly and sweet!! She even put on the Lakers preseason game for us (weird seeing Lebron playing for the first time ) It was a great experience overall! Thanks Lexi for a great welcome to Philly!!We Had Fun!! The DJ was pretty good! Nothing to write home about. It seemed like the security crew was on edge, meaning they were READY for something to go down! That was a little uncomfortable but better safe than sorry I believe!Love fat Tuesdays. They Don't let you sample the drinks though. So I just went with what I know best ..The OctaneI'm from New York and I visit Philly a few times a year to visit Fat Tuesday and Jim's cheese steaks. With work I haven't been back to Philly since last March 2015. Let me begin to say I'm Fat Tuesdays biggest fan and I couldn't believe how disappointing my experience was this time around. Two drinks and you use to be nice. They completely water the frozen rinks down. Five frozen drinks later I am since very much sober. Not even a buzz. Again. This review is coming from someone who has been to Fat Tuesday numerous times. I'm not sure if there trying to save money or what. At least charge me three dollars more a drink and leave them the same. What a disappointment. They definitely lost a customer for being cheap bastards. Fat Tuesday went from a party spot to completely boring. What happened?????Wanna get the night going in a hurry?  Come here.  For $8.50 ($1 more for an extra shot) you can get yourself an alcoholic slushy.  We ordered the 190, delicious but filling, and as potent as advertised.
The people watching is fantastic, but be advised the balcony seems to be smokers only.  No worries, plenty of people watching opportunities inside.  The inside itself is nothing to get excited about.  Think back to the college bar with cement floor, a few wobbly high top tables, and some tvs and you got it.  However this is ok, as people come for the drink, power through the brain freeze, and go about their night.I have to say BE CAREFUL!! The first time I went to Fat Tuesday I had a couple of $1 Jell-O shots and 2 190 octanes. I ended up meeting a guy, meeting his friends and family, getting to know him in depth, creating a fantasy future together, aaaand losing my phone. -____- the drinks are not to be underestimated. Lol the food was great though. I had the fried ravioli (awesome) and fries. 
The second time I went I had just come from eating so I didn't grab food but a girlfriend and I ordered a drink. It was so potent we had to buy the Fat Tuesday drink bottle to take it to go. 
I love that the entire front of the place is a balcony. Great for smoking a cig while drinking if you smoke. It was a great spot to stop at during the south st festival although they didn't offer any specials (and why would they? It's so good everyone will pay full price) I can't say this would be a pregame spot or an ending spot. Maybe I just cant handle the drinks (but I'm a heavyweight!! Lol)
Great spot. Good food. Awesome drinks!! Worth the price. The food menu isn't too expensive but the drinks are definitely worth the price. And they have $1 Jell-O shots. Your wallet will be fine.Somethings seem to never change
This Philadelphia joint is packed with a frozen drink for anyone who still wants to remember his/her most recent trip to the caribbean islands.  The astmoshere is still trendy, don't  expect the exotic drinks many upscale bars focus on but hey for the price and a smack you in the face buzz" Fat tuesdays is still on the radar.This place earns my one star for the sheer fact that it IS a bar and in my worst case scenario (the one where all the other bars in the city wise up and permanently refuse me service) I could still go to fat tuesday and get ripped. It's as expensive and dirty as an A.C. hooker. If it wasn't for the occasional wild night with girls dancing on the bar I would never even consider going here. On second thought, if you're really that hard up to see boobies just opt for the A.C. hooker. Br good or be gone.I've been coming here for years, but I haven't paid cover in a long time.  A few times, I've waited in line, but once they say there is a cover, I decline and just walk away.  My greatest tip is that if they are charging a cover, it's too crowded and you should head anywhere else.  
We had a reservation in the area, so we decided to stop in and share a drink.  We went with the candy bar and it was pretty good.  Chocolate and vanilla vodka flavors with a shooter.  On a Sunday night, it wasn't too crowded.  We were able to grab a seat and just relax for a little bit.  This place is great in the summer time during the day.  Just sitting out by their front window with a nice cold slushy drink.Fat Tuesday's on South Street is pretty much a tourist bar (hence the jacked up prices), and the one time that I went in there, I wasn't impressed.  It's sort of run-down, and the open view of South Street means that you get to watch lots of trashy people wander by in amazingly badly put-together outfits, and, every now and then, you can catch a whiff of the rotting garbage smell from the street.  Ugh.  However, this is the place to be if you plan on going to South Street for Mardi Gras, which is something I've avoided.  And the near riots a few years ago for Mardi Gras have only made me more determined to avoid this bar and the whole of South Street on that day.  If you're curious about the place, though, stop by and grab a beer.  You probably won't stay long, though.i love the 190's!! def my summer spot!OMG - I can't believe they've survived for all these years.  It's fruity-drink, frat boy, college chick central.
Not my kinda place - and never was.I know I'm in the minority by HATING this place. First off, let me say I 'm NOT a drinker. That has never stopped me from having fun at OTHER places!  Fat Tuesday is a dump. It's dirty, it's loud and people here get SLOPPY DRUNK!!!!!  Not my scene AT ALL.Person on the phone said no cover charge before 9 but we were still charged anyways. Turned away people for dress code violations when people inside broke clothing violation. The bouncer was very rude and intimidating. It's ridiculous that if you leave the balcony you have to re pay your cover charge. Use stamps. If I could give 0 stars I would.I went here with 5 other Marines when we returned from a long deployment. The walls were filled with posters and signs displaying the specials. But when we got our check the specials were NOT honored. We asked for a manager but could not speak to one. Our waitress then explained prices are really determined by the servers and they're informed NOT to promote any specials. Average drink price was about $8 or $9 dollars. The dress code seemed to only apply to certain groups of people as well. Overall just a poor experince.Dropped in to watch the basketball game and have an ice cold drink on a hot, sweltering evening. Both turned out really good! Not sure what folks are expecting from a Fat Tuesday's but this is the epitome of what they're about - loud atmosphere with some tasty ice cold drinks. Awesome.pretty chill place. these slurpie like drinks are great. I recommend having a shot with them!I just don't understand the hype about this place. Went here for my 21st in the winter of last year and ummm I could have done without. People don't dance here, they just stand around and stare. The frozen slushies are really good. I had a mango, it was pretty strong but could have been stronger for $8. They have $1 "shots". They come in these plastic vials which is pretty cool. But no exaggeration, its not a whole shot. I've been drinking for a while now and know a shot when I see a shot. You need at least 5 if not 10 of these to feel a little something. The music sucked which is the same for most bars on south street. They would play a good song and people would turn up then play some old ass Justin beiber and kill everyone's moods. I believe there is a $10 cover charge on weekends which I think is ridiculous for this mediocre bar. But hey to each is own.While this spot, for me, would normally get a 2-stars, I've bumped up to three because the authenticity to a bar on Bourbon Street in NOLA magically transported me South to nights of frozen fruity drinks and 190 Octane. The beads fly freely, and if you're on South Street late at night and in for something totally different from Philly (but exactly the same as SO many spots in New Orleans), it's worth a trip.Im a huge fan of Fat Tuesdays but the location isn't the most appealing .. Parking is nearly impossible .. They have a weird dress code for a frozen drink bar . No sweats even tho the bouncer at the door had on sweat shorts and sneakers ?? .. And the bartender wasn't very knowledgeable on Classic Fat Tuesday mixesLove this place. Try the cat 5 and 190 octane mixed together. Can't go wrong!
Also, the stupid video games cost $1 for 3 plays, which is rather cheap. And damn they're addicting!My friend ordered one $8 High Octane drink and was charged for two of them on his credit card tab.  When he attempted to talk to the manager, Mike Trapp, the manager did nothing but yell at him and hide away in the office.  We got the number for corporate and my friend is now contesting the charge.  Avoid this place.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  My wife and I went to Fat Tuesday on Saturday evening 4/19/15.  I brought two refillable cups with me and I asked the bartender (later identified as June) to rinse them before pouring my drinks.  In the interim, she took additional drink orders and failed to rinse my cups before refilling them.  I pointed this out to her and she became irate. Given the error she made, I simply asked her to sell me two drinks in new cups that I would purchase.  June became even more rude and obnoxious and said,  "You can buy two new cups, but I refuse to serve you, see someone else".  I was flabbergasted at her response and asked her why she was acting like that.  I am an over 50, professional, African American male and at no time was disrespectful towards her.  Moreover, my wife and I frequent this establishment a couple times per month and have never experienced any problems from staff.  I am asking the owner to address this matter with June, who claims to be a manager.  She also needs to be retrained on how to treat customers.  A VERY DISAPPOINTING AND EMBARRASSING EXPERIENCE.So lets face it, Philly is not New York and you can run out of new places to go to on a weekend night pretty often.  So trying a not-so-hip or trendy place will happen every now and then just so you can break your routine.  That being said, me and the crew trekked to Fat Tuesdays on a Saturday night to see what it was about.  
Another reason I came here was because my friend said it was a $5 cover all night long, (not bad...and I wouldn't have to rush to get to a place before 11pm, so sounded okay).  Well things have changed.  It's now a $10 cover after 11, and of course I got there at like 12 :-(  I really hate paying cover...especially for a place like this.  
When I arrived, it reminded me of a bar in the islands with it's cheesy island decor and tropical frozen drinks. I tried the octane drink with the extra shot since this was supposedly the "thing" to do and the strongest drink.  It was a nice refreshing frozen drink that tasted like Tang. 
Fat Tuesday also has a new policy where they keep all the lights on at all times to avoid fights (apparently the bouncer had a bottle smashed over his head recently-ouch!).  But hey, at least you'll know what that guy/girl looks like in the daylight, right? Your beer goggles would have to be super duper strong for you to make a mistake here.  
The DJ was not memorable at all.  
The crowd seemed typical for this type of place.  Younger girls who seemed slightly easy and older men who were more than willing to spend their paycheck on rounds of shots for these little hot and readies.  
I most likely wont be back.  I think it's really stupid to charge cover for a bar that serves frozen drinks in plastic cups and plays music that sounds like it came from an ipod playlist :-/Place was crusty, but not as crusty as the blonde serving me and two friends. Took her a half hour to bring us WATER, WATER!!!! So yeah don't waste your time place was dirt.lots of slurpee machines and weird men trying to hit on you all the time.  good for shakin' the booty though, that's about it.I probably wouldn't have come here if it hadn't been out with others and they all insisted on the place.  And I can't say I'll ever be back.  Made it in without a cover (definitely don't pay to get in here), and was able to wedge my way in to the bar fairly quickly.  It was around 10:00 and it wasn't terribly crowded.  We got a round of tequila, and when I tipped the bartender a dollar a drink she looked pissed (sorry, I'm not tipping you nearly $10 for four drinks).  Two friends ordered red bull vodka's, the bartender then brought them two red bulls, sans vodka, and again looked super pissed when they pointed out that error.  I decided to find another bartender for my second drink.  I didn't want anything disgustingly sweet, so I just ordered a whisky with a splash of soda with a lime.  Pretty standard, right?  She called back to me "Whisky sour, right!" I said "No, not a whiskey sour, a whiskey SODA."  She responded with a "Soda, got it."  I got a whisky sour.  And they wouldn't take it back.
Pretty much sums it up there.  Food looked interesting, but I saw a lot of half-eaten plates lying around, so obviously it wasn't terribly great.Good drinks especially when you mix them well! You can mix up to 4 flavors. Banana and mango are my favorites. The security check in was kind of ridiculous. We had to take a picture before walking in. The bar tenders were always nice every time I walked in. Drinks are $8.50 and shots are $1. One drink and one shot is all you'll need at this place.Just the thought of this amateur hour tourist trap conjures up memories of Real World Philly-- one of the few episodes I saw, which featured, if memory serves, the black guy getting harassed by the cops.  It pretty much sums up South Street and definitely sums up Fat Tuesday.  It's places like this that has the entire street under lock-down on Mardi Gras.  It's places like this that gets the people so drunk and obnoxious on crappy beer and makes my walk down and around this street pure misery.  And it's places like this that serve people so much drink that they wind up punching police horses.I went with a friend around 4 PM on a Friday, so it was pretty empty and we got seats at the bar. The bartender seemed uninterested in helping us. We ordered Pain in the Asses, but they weren't mixed well. The food menu was right in front of us, but when we asked the bartender for an order of fries, he told us the kitchen was not open yet. There was no indication for that. Another employee who came in later on seemed confused that the bartender would have told us that and got our order in. It was just fries, so it should not have been that hard. The daytime service was sub-par. Had a much better Fat Tuesday experience in Vegas.My girlfriend and I love coming here every time we visit philly and with pretty good reason.  First the bar itself has basically slurpee alcohol which is awesome because we have never seen that before.   Second with a novelty cup you get cheaper refills which is always a major plus.  I like that they not only id you at the door but that they actually scan it and check to make sure it's not a fake.  They have a very strict dress code which can be annoying if you aren't aware of it a head of time but it's good to know.  Downsides place gets a little packed sometimes like really uncontrolled and people like to get right in your business or in your face is you have a problem.  The bathrooms were absolutely horrible more times we have been there.  Although there are bouncers and a dress code they have a tendency to not really worry about the people coming it which can lead to some problems.  They have a little bit of an outside area that is nice but rare to get a spot.  All and all we both like it here but it does have some downsides so keep that in mind.This place was worth the stop on NY Day while walking from the main mummers parade to South Philly. I probably need to stay away from that on a regular night from the other reviews I am reading. I am not a fan of the drama.
So basically, this place smells like a frat house (which smells not unlike like Bourbon Street)  but the drinks are HUGE and STRONG and comparably not expensive. They also taste really, really good.
The floors are sticky, the bartenders are unfriendly but efficient. It's pretty much drinking focused and that's fine by me once in a while. If you want to get trashed, this is the place to go. If you want to hang out and "talk" or "socialize" this is probably not the place. The music is loud and the set up isn't really talk-friendly. 
This is not my typical scene - as I am a little old for this type of place regularly but when I want to let loose and act like I'm in my early 20s again, I'll be back for sure.I brought a friend here from Oklahoma and because Oklahoma IDs aren't scannable he didn't let us in. Not sure what other states they have a problem with but if you're from Oklahoma don't bother coming here, the fat bouncer at the door is too lazy to go get the ID book to do an old fashioned ID check. There were four people at the bar inside and he turned away 3 at the door... lame.This Fat Tuesday isn't that great. Better ones exist. I was here to bring in my birthday. I paid $10 at the door. I'm like fine whatever. I came in around 12:30 am. The place shut down by like one. That's nonsense I was only there for like 30 min and confronted the manager about it. It wasn't supposed to close until 2. I paid money for nothing. I barely even finished my drink. Mind you the drink is another $10. I paid $20 for a shitty experience. I don't even know why we even pay cover to get in. It's not like it's a club inside. No one is dancing. The music is more in the background. Never again. I'll wait until I go down south to go to Fat Tuesday. I had a better experience in Cancun and MiamiIf you are looking for a good time in Philadelphia, don't come here. None of the employees are customer service friendly. Don't come here if you are looking to: Eat, Socialize, Party, or Enjoy yourself. You will not get it here. Don't even come here to pre-game for cheap because there customer service is very poor. Managers don't even have customer service skills, there motto is: "it is what it is and thats all, now have a nice f*cking night". I tried to get help from a manager name June, who said they would go get their other manager who could resolved the problem. June never came back, I had to request the manager again after 45 min to which June returned with a message from the manager who supposedly was in charge. That manager never even bother to come and speak to me in reference to my complaint. Apparently Mike who is the other manager and Rich who is the general manager didn't have a care in the world. All they are concerned with is getting people drunk. NOTHING ELSE. AGAIN, BEWARE THIS IS NOT A CUSTOMER SERVICE FRIENDLY ENVIRONMENT.never again!  
the place is unsanitary.  tables and chairs covered in sticky orange gunk.  floors were sticky and slippery.  the bathroom was deplorable!  
they charge a $5 cover per entrance.  yes, that is correct, if you step outside for a smoke or forget your jacket or scarf inside, they will charge you the $5 again.  even if you left for a minute.  frankly, the first $5 was not worth it, the second $5 is just bad business practice.  
overall, the place as a whole was not very impressive.  there are television sets showing sporting events but all the screens were small and not very clear.  the dj seemed to enjoy blasting loud heavy metal/rock music during the short commercial breaks (which got annoying).  there are a few round tables dotting the place and bar-like tables on the side walls but mostly standing room only. 
overall, this place tries to be a sports bar, a college bar, a mardi gras party... but fails miserably.  no matter what the bar tries to be, service and common decency was not taken into consideration.Love this location EVERYTIME we are around we always have to stop in!!! There drinks are really great !! And the bartenders are so sweet we got extra Tab up and extra shots.Love this Philadelphia location!!!!I went on St. Patrick's Day to Fat Tuesdays. They have amazing frozen drinks--all different flavors in a rainbow of colors. There wasn't a lot of seating or even standing table space.Amy the bartender is rude, loud, in she has no good customer service she yells at the customers, Amy acts like she own the place she's so unprofessional.I love the octanes! I can drink like a fish even tho I try not to (because my mother says its unladylike,whatev's lol) anywho I had about 3 1/2 of these and good and tipsy as if I would have had my usual 7 drinks to feel like that! The crowd was cool for daytime,if I was single I would have totally mingled! (Good looking guys in there,besides the old guy who hit on me,lol,eww! He was nice tho) everybody was the ppl on the balcony saved us from getting a ticket,how awesome! Bartenders were funny and cool as hell,only hang-up was that we couldn't find a server for about 20 mins so we got out of there.
    P.S.They don't serve food before 4.First of all, we arrived around 10pm and had to pay $5 to get in. That was a BIG turnoff. I've been to many Fat Tuesday locations, and I've never had to pay no matter how late I've arrived. It's a bar!!
Now, that I've got that out of the way, this place wasn't extremely bad. The crowd was quite interesting. It was a mix of a whole lot of different kinds of people. The crowd was really hard to read for me and my girlfriends, who were tourists of the area. Therefore, we decided to just find a table and just worry about ourselves. That proved to be a good idea. We had a good time. I was here for a conference, and I ended up inviting some people I met at the conference to join us, and we had a great time. The drinks were strong and the waiters were okay, but I think the only thing that really contributed to me having such a good time there was the company I brought with me. Also, street parking was no fun.
Meh. I've experienced better.This place is just plain weird. I was invited for drinks here and I've never been to this area so I thought "sure, why not?". 
Upon arrival, my thought was "uhmmmm...maybe we should go somewhere else?". But we sat down. It was pretty empty since it was sunday evening. 
The place did have a very "eck" feel to it. 
We ordered drinks which were frozen and I had to keep asking my friends "are all the drinks, except for beer, frozen?". It just struck me as odd.
The main drink I wanted wasn't available that night so i went with mango and banana banshee. 
You get the drink in this big plastic cup with a straw...it's a slurpee!
I mean I got a little buzz from the two drinks but it wasn't anything I would come back for. 
I mean the place is not fancy in ANY way...I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone I know.Drinks were pretty expensive. That said, they were good. Played a round of Golden Tee there also. All in all a cool place to go, but I don't know if I would necessarily choose to go to Fat Tuesday over other bars in the area.Give me a 2 190's and any crowd is my type of crowd.
I actually think there's a perfect amount of sketchy on South St. Enough that it can be very entertaining but it's also a social area so that you can feel remotely safe.
Often we expect wayyy to much out of establishments that just aren't ever going to meet certain expectations. Coming to Fat Tuesdays for an actual going out experience is like going to McDonald's and expecting your Big Mac to look like the commercials. Here's the Fat Tuesdays in a nutshell:
You don't come here for the "food". 
You don't come here to socialize.
You don't come here to party.
You come here when you're trying to get tore for pretty f*cking cheap.
That's it. That's all. 
Have a designated driver.
Avoid the cover charge by coming in before 9pm.
Skip the $1 shots.
Pay the max on the meter to give yourself enough time to sit and drink to avoid brain freeze. 
Don't come on Fat Tuesday (go figure!)/Cinco de Mayo/St. Patty's/Any drinking holiday
Get wasted here and then politely go somewhere else for further entertainment. Prime pre-game spot before the TLA.
Happy drinking.This location had terrible customer service. During the week the music selections were not inclusive to the diverse group of people that chose to support the business. The DJ was asked to switch up the music selection and he said he was ordered by the manager to keep playing the one genre of music. We then proceeded to ask to speaker with the owner but the manager, said the owner was not on-site. She said that we could keep "complaining" but nothing would be changed. As a visitor to the state and a paying customer, I think management needs to seriously reconsider their policy. The fact that they had absolutely no solution and blatantly disregarded numerous requests from other customers was absolutely appalling and I would never go back to this location. My hope is that other locations do not have the same order of conduct.this is the most horrible bar ever,on  Fat Tuesday  they actually wanted to charge for beads,are you kidding me, we spent a lot of money for  those drinks and we were given nothing but attitude ,bad service! never do my friends and I want to there again!
such a horrible place!This place has good and very strong drinks (which I love).  I use my refillable cup as often as possible.   As for the clientele it varies.  We are never put off by any crowd.  
The floors and bathrooms are gross it's true but I'm not here for that.   My only suggestion would be the ladies room attendants should be more friendly. Remember your here to drink not anything else.  
Please mop the floors more often or better.My second time at Fat Tuesday and I should say I'm not impressed. The limited options of only frozen drinks was very disappointing, although my drink wasnt as strong as I'd like it was tastey but didn't get the job done.