My experience at fathom was ok. The mojitos were strong and the crab fritters were pretty good, but our entrees left something to be desired. My crab cake sandwich was stringy/mushy and a bit bland. The other entree ordered was fish tacos and the person I was eating with said they were dry. Clean and decent ambiance overall. Friendly wait staff.Moved to fishtown back at the beginning of July shortly after this place opened. Have been back twice and each time has been equally amazing. The beer list is always superb between the bottles and whats on draft, the service is outstanding (we've had Dana both times...she's awesome...I think that's her name) and I can't get enough of the peekytoe crab cake sandwich.
My wife and I have tried numerous things on the menu. I would have to say our mussels are our favorite but everything else we've had has not disappointed. 
The decor is awesome too! I even got to pretend I was 10 yrs old again and draw on the walls in the bathroom with chalk!!! Major chest bump!
Overall...place is awesome, its super cheap for the quality of food and I can't wait to go back again and again.Good beers
Good wine
the starter...it was a shrimp dish full of garlic and wine on some toasted bread..OMG...then for my main I had some clam and pasta dish...all very very yummy..will def go back with the hubs and friends....hubs had some big ole seafood bucket...I swear I dont remember him even talking to me while he was finding his way to the bottom..lolI was very excited to hear this was opening in my "hood because I was a fan of Fish before it closed.  I met the hubby here after work on a recent Friday.  The menu is interesting and I am looking forward to coming back to try some more.  We just shared an order of mussles, which were fantastic!  
The beer list was impressive and the bar is well stocked otherwise.  Happily I am pregnant, so I coulnd't enjoy anything from the bar (and also limited my food choices too).  But my hubby enjoyed a glass of wine and a beer for me.
While it is a small space, it is cozy and comfortable.  It is a great place to meet a frind, go on a date or even bring your parents (although Friday after work was a tad crowded).
Overall I am looking forward to going back after baby is born so I can enjoy more seafood WITH a beer!Fathom was good; its a small lively spot with a friendly staff. We stopped in over the weekend for some beers and lite fare. Instead of waiting for a table we sat at the bar.  I ordered the west coast oysters which were so fresh; a piece of lemon would have been a nice garnish along with the 3 sauces. We also tried the fathom fries which we could have skipped, neither of us were really wowed by them. G seemed to enjoy his fish tacos and my crabcake was a crabcake. The beers we tried were decent. Prices are reasonable.Good prices, love the fathom fries, and you can draw on the chalkboard walls in the bathroom.We really enjoyed our food!   The  fried oysters were great.  I cannot wait to go back to try the lobster mac and cheese and the fish tacos.  The price is very reasonable also.This place is the best !!!! So nice to go there Im Hooked !!!!!!!!!!!!
Best oysters ever . Good vibe what else can you ask for? Maybe larger portions . but still 5 starsSat at the bar had mussels and a few beers with a couple friends. My food as well as the others in the party was delicious although I think I prefer mussels in white wine. Service was friendly and prompt and the atmosphere was good. This place is a great add to Girard Ave I will go back.Hello friends, I am a fan.
I have been here twice, but have just now been inspired by one Elizabeth B. to post this review. Also I am a forgetful bitch. I went here first, a month or two back, with my significant other. We ordered the severely buttery and severely tasty lobster grilled cheese, a crabby interpretation of Canada's finest export, poutine, some smallish, somewhat hard to eat (at least for an amateur) crab claws and the fried cauliflower, which checks in as my second favorite interpretation of this, following my mom's homemade version. This was an excellent meal of food, despite the extremely rowdy crowd of aged regulars at the neighboring table.
SECOND VISIT was with Elizabeth B. this past holiday weekend when I threw my diet into the wind and dropped into all of my favorite spots, including Fathom. You can go ahead and revisit E.B.'s review for more eloquently expressed details, but our Rangoony crab & green chile dumplings, blackened mahi mahi tacos (anything blackened gets the go-ahead from me) and my second visit with the fried cauliflower, plus a decent diet soda added up for yet another excellent meal.
The food here is fairly priced and very good. It's no TACO BELL, but it's great. Fathom these five stars, you guys.Seafood House w/ limited seafood selection.... hmm.... I kind of wish i went sooner bc apparently they changed up their menu a bit. I ended up eating the short rib parpadelle which was super salty, the bf had fish tacos which was overly battered, and our dessert of Halloween bread pudding... eh. nothing special.
I suppose I'd come back but def not top of my list.This is now the "East Girard Gastropub (EGG)."  Richie and I went again last night.  The owners have changed recently, so the menu and atmosphere have changed as well.  They removed the large tables and replaced them with (more convenient) high tops.  I think that was the major difference.  Well, maybe not.  The place was almost empty.  There were a few people at the bar and one table was seated.  This was at 8:30pm on Saturday night.  It was fine by us, since I'm six months pregnant and not particularly feeling crowds of drunk people these days.  I did however feel bad for our server.  She was very sweet and upbeat, especially provided her lack of guests.  Anyway, as far as the food goes, we got the little neck clams with sausage in white sauce, which were good, but nothing to write home about.  We also had the Oyster Po'Boy, which Richie says was good, but a little dry.  The oysters were spot on, but the sandwich itself was nothing special.  I had the Lobster Empanadas.  They were decent, I believe there was more shrimp than lobster, and the shrimp was scant.  They did have a nice flavor, however the side was a small portion of unseasoned white rice.  I'm not talking sticky rice, I'm talking bland, no flavor random white rice.  Sorry, kids, but I slacked off on checking out the beer & wine lists.  All in all, the highlight of our experience was the service.Go to Fathom for:
- the HEAVENLY lobster grilled cheese
- the poutine-like Fathom Fries
- the great beer selection...from drafts to bottles to cans, there's something for everyone's taste and budget
Some of the menu items are deceptively tiny for the price.  I expected the Fried Crab Louie to be bigger.  It was delicious but a very small portion.  I think it should at least come with Old Bay Fries to beef it up a little.  
It's a fairly small space and there can be a wait, but they'll take your number and call you when your table is ready.  Johnny Brenda's is conveniently across the street so you can chill & have a drink or two while you wait.  I will definitely be back and will save some room for the oysters next time!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  Everything I get seems to be fantastic.  The beer list is great.  Wait staff was very friendly and helpful.  Every song that comes on the stereo is a hit (in my opinion).  Took my parents when they were in from out of town and we had such a good time we went back 2 days later to try the Clam Bake which was one of the most fun meals I have had in a long time.  DefiniteBrought in a group of 6 to try their seafood, including the clam bake and east coast oysters. The food was definitely great for sharing and it all washed down very well with some beers. Service was great, considering we had a large party.
But after 24 hours, many of us got deathly ill - some of us even went to the doctor to try and figure out what had happened - some of us had to miss work. Once recovered 2-3 days later, we figured out that all 4 of us who had eaten the east coast oysters were the ones rewarded with the aftereffects.Fathom challenges Sansom St. Oyster House for freshest and most innovative seafood in Philadelphia.  Oyster House has the edge for ambience, but Fathom does the best it can with it's small space.  As for service, Oyster House gets the nod as their bar and wait staff are some of the most knowledgable food people in the city.  When one considers the prices, however, it's amazing that Fathom can serve the food and beverage at the prices it does and stay in business.  
Let's start with the space.  Located in a renovated corner bar, Fathom is tiny.  It's a little wider than a true fahom (6 feet) but not by much.  If you can get a seat at the bar, do so - otherwise get there early and put your name on the list.  If you have to wait, check out Murph's bar next door.  The bathroom walls are covered in chalk boards.  Impress your date by leaving a romantic (or raunchy) note.      
I've been impressed with the wait staff.  They work hard and are familiar with the menu.  I've only ordered beer, so can't comment on the full range of skills from the bartenders.  
As for the food - it's mind blowing.  They have a wide variety of fresh oysters every day, accompanied by home made horseradish and oyster crackers.  The fathom poutine was worth trying.  The cod pierogies have a lovely soft texture with a buttery onion sauce.  They remind me a bit of the gnudis at London Bar and Grill as the light crust yields to a wonderfully rich doughy interior.  The lobster grilled cheese was also fantastic in it's elegant simplicity.  Large chunks of lobster and cheese laid between slices of what I think are Metropolitan Sourdough grilled to a golden perfection.  I nominate this for best grilled sandwich in the city.  Finally, I'd put the mussels up against any in the city.  
Lastly, there's a great variety of beers.  Make sure to check out the bottle/can list in addition to their selection of draughts.the seafood perogie was delish. however, can't really say the same for the clambake. it was lacking in contents and flavor. awesome concoctions for cocktails. cool blackboard wall in the bathroom. gotta try the lobster grilled cheese next time.Was greeted right away when I walked through the door, wait staff was friendly and the food was awesome!Had dinner at Fathom for the first time a few weeks ago. Oysters were fresh and delicious. Good beer selection. Our server was very personable and had good suggestions for us but the food took a reeaaaally long time to come out. 
Both entrees that were ordered were just okay. I got the lobster grilled cheese which was fine but not memorable, and my dining partner did not like his meal at all. 
Probably a good place to go for just happy hour and raw bar (although it seems to be constantly packed, so prepare to wait) although I'd probably skip on full dinner.went here with my girlie and sat at the bar.  staff was nice, attentive, not annoying, and friendly.
we started with an assortment of raw bar items--lobster tail, shrimp, crab claws-- and were really impressed with the large crab claws.  will probably get those again on the next visit-- like the famous Joe's Stone Crab of South Beach Miami. really tasty, fairly priced.
ordered tempura crab, thai-style mussels, and tempura cauliflower for main meal.  all well executed, all very tasty, all worthy of another try...
if I noticed one thing about this place it is that ALL of the food came out fast, like really fast, like it couldn't possibly be ready so fast.  this is really critical with tempura dishes and all the rest of the menu must benefit from this attention to detail.  the owner was cooking so you had the best possible situation.
in our analysis-- and in our discussions with our bar fly neighbors--we came up with two or three complaints:  1.  no bike rack--gotta have bike rack(s) in this locale.  2.  no salad on menu--some want salad.  3.  nice hdtvs above bar but maybe put on closed captioning for jeopardy watching during dinner.  If this is the best complaint list you can come up with during the opening week, you are certainly dealing with a joint that is way ahead of the game.
not sure what negative nancy is bitching about below vis-a-vis the beer list.  one would expect pbc beers given the fact that the brewery is literally 1/2 mile away.  3$ kenzingers are always a plus in my book.  the beer list was very accessible and very drinkable.  no wasting taps with some imperial stout or double IPA beer geek fodder that no one is gonna really drink more than one of anyway--and the Miller Lite will allow old heads from Fishtown to enjoy themselves too...
you can tell this place was opened by someone that knows what they are doing.  I am sure it will only improve as it is tweaked.  as it stands now it is already pretty much a perfectly executed opening, "concept," and welcome addition to Girard Ave.Smoked salmon panzenella was absolutely amazing!!! Still craving it.
Also split the clambake with the date. Between the salad and splitting the clambake....was really full. The food is definitely the star. 
The clunky chairs and stone topped tables just seem so out of place in the tiny restaurant.I am a big fan of Fish/Little Fish and was very excited to learn of this new spot on Girard Ave. by the same chef.  My lady and I shared a number of apps. Oysters. Fried Cauliflower, Mussels, rock shrimp? (i don't know, some tiny little fried shrimp. Everything was good. The Fried Cauliflower was the surprise hit, it's the best i ever had. And the Mussels which are just insanely good at Fish and Little Fish, have the same formula here, but we got less of that thai curry broth than normal which was a huge bummer. I want to go back and try some of the main menu items. That Fried Fish sandwich looked incredible.Went there recently...its called something else now...I forgot he name, but they said that the chef stayed but all the dishes had to be re-done...had some friends visiting from Houston, took them there...was expecting Fathom got the new place instead...but it was good!...I had bangers and mash, friends had the steak...forgot what hubby had but we all raved...glad the chef stayed.I was so excited to see another new restaurant open up in the neighborhood, unfortunately, that excitement was shortlived when we finally sat down to eat here.
*Chopped Cobb Salad - WEAK.  Did I really just pay for a handful of iceberg lettuce with a chopped up egg, a few pieces of crisp bacon and a few thin slices of onion?  The Thousand Island dressing (i did get it on the side) which tasted like they just went to Thriftway and picked up a bottle of Kraft. 
*Swordfish Schnitzel (Sp?) - Thin piece of fully battered fish sitting in a pool of oil (all on top of the red bliss potatoes).  Needless to say we sent it back.  Apparently we have differing ideas of what lightly batttered means.  I can't rate the potatoes, given we didn't bother to try them.
*Marlin Tacos - W/O the hot peppers, very bland!
*East Coast Oysters - Excellent presentation, unfortunately lacking on flavor.
*So I do have one great thing to say, Our server was excellent!! I really started to feel bad since it was clear we were not happy with the food.  She was great!
*May venture back in for the lobster mac and cheese if I have a devilish craving or a drink at happy hour, but other than that there are way too many great restaurants in the area that trump the food here.
*Bummer!!Rolled in here with friends on opening night, which can be tough for a place this hyped up. I have to say, I love this place already. The Fathom fries are so good, like really good. Crab gravy, cheese curds and more crab topping it all off.  We had the clams and they were unbelievably tasty. Spicy from the chorizo, smoky from the espelette, they really were a treat. And the cod pierogies (3) for $10, were perfectly tender with big chunks of bacon, brown butter and carmelized onions. I can't wait to go back and eat more food! Beer prices are definitely friendly too, which is very cool of them. The space is really chill, they did a nice job with it, especially the big concrete bar. I just hope I can grab a spot next time I go.As a resident in Fishtown, this is exactly what we need around here.  The salmon burger is money!  Good approachable beer list and menu.  Priced well.I went here for the first time on Friday with a friend and my boyfriend who has been here before. Since the place was small, we found three seats at the bar.  I heard awesome things about the Fathom crab fries so they were the first thing we put in.  We also had some oysters, clams and crab from the raw bar, along with the crab cake (which was so crabby and creamy and delicious), tostados and the crab dumplings.  We sat at that bar for 2 hours and 45 mins. The food took forever. Granted you can see right into the kitchen and see the two guys slaving away, but even the raw food took over half an hour. I don't think the food is really worth the wait. If it was mouth watering good and I dreamed about it the next day, I wouldn't mind waiting, but it was mediocre.  We also ordered the mussels that are in coconut sauce (which i commented to the bar tender that they are the same as Chifas, and she jumped down my throat saying the owner was the one who invented them...read up on your cookbooks sweetie, he wasn't the only one that thought of that idea).  Anyway, i may go back if i'm craving some oysters, if I'm willing to be patient that day.just came from fathom, had just sat down in a large group outside when maggots began to rain down upon us (possibly from a/c unit above?)!!!  Disgusting, falling into our hair and water glasses.  our server was standing right there about to take our drink order but totally ignored the situation (this warranted at least one comped round of jameson shots).  he ran away inside and never came back, ten minutes later we left disgusted.  can't eat raw oysters in a place where huge maggots rain from the sky.  went to jbs.  no maggots here.Well, let me start off by saying I think I need to give it another try.  
The service was excellent, especially since it was so, so busy!  The bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable. 
That being said, the beer list was a bit disappointing.  I could go to lots of places in Philly-esp in the area- and get PBC beers.  Miller Lite on the other hand....I can't even start.  No one will go to Fathom for Miller Lite.  I'm a fan of PBC but I feel like the beer menu could use some variation.  They could have gone the extra mile-take off the MIller Lite...please.  
As for the food, it was OK.  I really expected awesome things b/c I had been to Little Fish a few times but my visit to Fathom left me hungry for something lighter.  There are a few flavors repeated in many of the dishes-chili mayo, tempura batter, old bay-and I know what you're thinking, it's a seafood bar but I was hoping for more inventiveness or more variety.  I wish I got the mussels or crispy fish tacos-they looked great coming out and they seemed more original.  The other dishes seemed like easy standard fare at any bar with a half decent chef but not one from a James Beard nominated chef or a Best of Philly winner.  I'm hoping they will add seasonal items and maybe a cioppino, ceviche, and a salad or two wouldn't hurt. I wanted Fathom to be that bar you can go to on a cold night or warm summer evening and have a good beer (a not so easy to find beer) and some tasty, fresh food.  It ended up being a bar with less than stellar beer and heavy food.  It wasn't quite what I wanted but I think it can be.I've recently discovered the benefits of dining in Fishtown:  moderate prices, no reservations, no need to dress up, plenty of free street parking, open air dining...
so far Fathom Seafood House is my favorite Fishtown eatery!  Loved the casual atmosphere- you can eat inside at tables or the bar or outside at picinic tables.  Wide variety of beer in cans, bottles and on tap, and a great casual seafood menu.
We started with some raw oysters ($1 each during happy hour) they were fresh and delicious and served with 3 different sauces. We also tried the corn/crab fritters which were served with a spicy mustard sauce. Yum!
For our entree we tried the crabcake sandwich and the shrimp tacos. While the crabcake was ok, the shrimp tacos were definitely superior!  I'd highly recommend them!
We'll definitely be back to Fathom seafood to sample more the menu!Checked Fathom out on its 3rd night open.  Service was friendly and awesome and agreed with us that it's COLD against the single paned windows and when anyone opens the door.
But besides the cold, it is all good.  Smallish but well executed menu: my date and I both ordered the smoked Marlin tacos that came with crunchy caramelized onions and hot peppers--very tasty.  She went with the cauliflower tempura and I fried the spinach with shallots....mmmm...I would eat spinach all the time if it tasted like that.  Of course anything tempura is great but the spicy mayo sauce had a very nice kick to it.
Lastly, we asked for dessert to find out the choices are being cultivated BUT we could get a $2 Whoppie pie handmade by someone's mom....ha: sold.  Delightful and way better than I remember my last whoopie pie tasting in 6th grade, the probable last time I ate one!
Friends next to us tried the special of crab legs and were happily snapping away.  They ordered a flounder sandwich they spoke highly about and looked like a larger portion than most.  However her date ordered the lobster grilled cheese and that smelled divine.  There were rave reviews.  
None of us drank beer but the house cocktail got positive remarks.
We will be back many times...and I imagine it will be soon to try the tuna casserole and the lobster grilled cheese!!My husband and I went there for dinner and we both got the "fried special" consisting of bluefish, fries and corn fritters, which were all excellent. Especially good were the side dishes and condiments. The cole slaw was obviously home made sans all the sugar which was a welcome surprise (hate all the sugary cole slaw you get in restaurants) and the tasty cocktail sauce was also made from scratch, not the bottled variety. The only 2 complaints we had were the music was way too loud for the late afternoon dinner hour and our seats were up against the window where the afternoon sun was beating on my back and blinding my husband. Food was excellent, atmosphere as far as the sun and loud music needs some help. Save the variety and volume of music for the after 8 crowd.Stopped in with a friend around 5:30 on a Tuesday, place was kinda empty but by the time we left around 7 the place was packed!  I tried the Lemon basil cocktail- lemon vodka, a bit of sugar with muddled basil- AWESOME!!  She had the Marlin tacos and I had the Little neck Clams and we shared the Old Bay fries.  The clams were perfect!  Chorizo sausage complimented it very well and the bread was fresh!  Only complaint was that the fries had too much seasoning on them, but that's it!
Will def be back to try the Fathom Fries and lobster grilled cheese!Rest in peace, Fathom. I'd hoped to check you guys out a few more times before you passed on to the great beyond. You guys were delicious, and your bathroom was fun to write on in my inebriated state (yeah, I'm admitting it now). Even now, I can't forget how nice our waitress was (though her name escapes me). Your location's pretty cool, too, with Johnny Brenda's across the street and relatively easy parking.
East Girard Gastropub seems to be pretty popping, so I'll make sure to check them out soon.went to fathom for the first time last night...great choice! we started off with raw oysters, fried craw fish and had the lobster grilled cheese and the clam bake...it was all good!  The chairs are wonderful as well.
I love all of Mike's restaurants and this one doesn't disappointOver priced , hipsters  over hype it , and the menu is as small as the meals. I really don't know why everyone is making a big deal I guess you pay for the name , I mean the owners name.Found near Johnny Brenda's, Fathom is small with a suspicious amount of department store style windows and, as put by a writer better than I, a yellow concrete bar top "[running] down the room like a stripe of spicy mustard on a soft pretzel" that is both too high and paired with bar stools too low, giving the bar a kids-table-at-Thanksgiving feel. Regardless, with the literal bar set high, the food rises to the occasion.
Lobster Grilled Cheese --- Most lobsters grow up dreaming of sacrificing themselves to a dish at The French Laundry or turned into a foam at El Bulli, the Harvards and Penns of their crustacean kingdoms. If these plates are the Ivy League, Fathom's lobster grilled cheese is an Arizona State or Ohio University party school undergrad, unconcerned with anything other than a good time, appearance or adherence to high society be damned. The result is fontina cheese spackled in between chunks of fresh lobster and one of the most memorable sandwiches in the city. The fontina could've been a little better, but the cheese melts well and any butter you might miss from dipping can be found pan fried into the sourdough bread. 
Crab Louie --- These fried chunks wear a heavy winter coat of chile mayo, layering over the fresh crab taste. I dug the spicy, creamy combination, but crab was not the dominant taste in a crab dish.
Cod Pierogies --- Salty, but not overpowering. If the chile mayo covered the crab louie like a parka then the simple brown butter here is the light wind breaker your mom wore while ankle-weighting it around the neighborhood. Thick cut bacon and not-carmalized onions round out the man credentials of this dressed up Midwestern classic.
Overall, I don't think unpretentious is the way to describe Fathom because I don't see seafood as inherently pretentious. Expensive sometimes, sure, but unless reality TV and yellow boxes of Gordon's fish sticks have lied to me, seafood is caught by beared sailors who would beat the shit out of yuppies like me for looking at them wrong if I weren't a customer (and maybe still). Fathom is on another track, closer to the fish monger at the Italian Market than the crowd at Bookbinder's. It's creative. In the best way possible, it's like an 8 year old came up with the menu.Arrived at Fathom around 6:20 and it was filling up fast. Oddly, they have three huge tables made for four, but each table only had a couple at each. Sat at the bar because the seating was a bit tight which turned out to be a great spot. The beer selection was awesome, had a Harpoon and Dogfish head Apricot on tap - sold. I ordered a lobster grilled cheese, it wasn't a huge sandwich but extremely tasty. Overall, it was good food, good beer - I'll be back.Alright,  Fathom has definitely lived up to my expectations, and in fact, it has exceeded them.  Hard to choose a starting point...nice selection of drafts, with a few uncommon and welcome choices.  Tempura cauliflower was a great food start....loved the sauce!  Everyone's food around us looked excellent too...clambake in a giant pot, saucey bowl of clams with crusty bread, oysters...all mouthwatering.  My fishfry was enjoyable esp. the sweet and crispy corn fritters...although, I hope they have haddock at some point in the future.  Jonah's crab claws were dynamite too...great garlic-butter sauce.  Even the cocktail sauce was outstanding...i'll order something in the future just to have an excuse to dip in this perfect concoction of tomato, spice, and horseradish.  One of the best parts was I expected to have to wait a long while on this Friday night but we walked right in and sat down.  Good thing b/c my companion was grumbly in her tumbly.  But with food drink & atmosphere as enjoyable as this the avail won't last. So try fathom sooner rather than later!I just revisited Fathom, first time since my early visits (before it was badly reviewed and a slew of gripes popped up online around the same time).  Im happy to say it was great.
I was at a table of 5 and everyone's food was excellent.  I noticed a change of the menu, which is a good thing. I hate when places stick with one menu and it gets old.  Though I loved the swordfish schnitzel in the winter, Im glad to see seasonal changes and the new dishes we tried.
The pulled marlin sandwich and the mahi mahi taco's were simply great.  The garlic shrimp was good though the garlic-y toast under them was divine.  My one friend got the clams, which seem to have stayed perfect as they were months ago.  The fried cauliflower and the fries were great also.
Yeah, I'm happy.  If there was indeed a problem for a brief time, it's been successfully dealt with.
Still, i wish they had another dessert offering other than woopie pies, which I detest for their pure crappiness.Went here a few times a few months ago with the same friend.  We were pleased each time with the quality of the food and price.  Maryland Style Crabs were served cold which was wack and totally wrong AND small.  i wouldn't order oysters here, they were small and expensive.  I would hit Johnny Brenda's or oyster house first.  had the Jonah crab claws, lobster grilled cheese, marlin tacos, and various sides that were very good and on-price. 
         The problem that brings me down to 3 stars is the staff, atmosphere, and some of the furniture.  The satff is SLOW (4 different times) unattentive to low beers and water.  The satff was watching the phillies game TOO intently one day.  Which leads me to atmosphere,  Phillies game?  Ok, but how about NO SOUND?  Granite countertops and smooth lighting are not part of a sports bar decorum.  I would NEVER eat in a sports bar.  However, the other option is equally as bad. When the game was off, the staff had a terrible music station playing.  It was the kind of loud club music that you would here bumping out of Bleiu Martini in Old City.  Yuck  the furniture is annoying too.  while it looks nice, the bar has no over hang so you can't tuck yourslef under the bar and pig out, which it's broad size would have you beleive.  these four-top tables they have are gaudy and taker up too much room.  The small tables on the front wiondow-wall of the restaurant are too many and too close together.  perhaps if they got rid of the gaudy 4-tops they could make some easy comfort happen.  Get it together fathom.  Mediocre-good start.  nice logo/shirts though.This new spot is incredible! Not only is the food boss, our server, a beautiful somewhat mysterious woman, seemed to have read our minds. Our beers were over flowing, the mussels kept coming and she is so well informed about all the varieties of clams in relation to their location and taste! For a new place, it definitely has an unexpected order and a "we've done this before attitude." Thanks Nicole for such an awesome experience, and thanks fathom for being an awesome new fish-town spot!!!!Arrived here at 9 on a Friday with a party of 4. We were able to sit immediately at one of the hi-top tables facing the bar. The chairs reminded me of a relatives basement in the 1980's, which was nice. We ordered a bunch of random stuff. Turns out Fathom makes some of the best chicken wings I've ever had. And the cauliflower things were so good we had to order another serving. Not too loud, service was fast and  friendly. We'll be back.The menu was small and not very gluten friendly. The ambiance was nice and the staff was trying to be very accommodating. The food seems like it has potential but all I could taste was butter. My boyfriend got the crab special. He also said the butter was overpowering. More importantly, it was so much work getting through the crab to eat it we actually stopped by Demetris, afterward, to get some fish to go! 
Glad I got to make my own opinion of this place. There is a lot of hype but I would definitely not dine here again.If I could review this place on the raw bar & kitchen separately, I would.  The raw bar is very good.  The kitchen food is bland, small portions, and incredibly overpriced.  Good place to go for a beer and some oysters.  If you want a substantial dinner, go elsewhere.Portions are very small and expensive. came here with the Mrs. for lunch and ran up a $62 bill and we were still hungry afterwards. No thanks.Hi! I went to Fathom on a Friday around 5:30. It was fairly easy to get a seat at the bar, though it was clearly a bustling little place. I'm not sure of the table count, but it's a tiny place - maybe 12 tables and a full bar. The drinks were moderately priced - I had a special cocktail for $6. We moved to a table for dinner - again, easily obtained, though the place was full. 
We had the peekytoe crab cake and crab Louis. Next to us, the couple remarked that it was a bit like tapas. The servings were small, but with a big bowl of great crispy fries, it was enough. I don't like to leave feeling like I ate too much, personally. What does that do to the rest of my Friday evening?
Anyway, it was all delicious, even if a bit small. And we had their only dessert so far, a whoopie pie made by the owner's mom. It was so good that I licked the package.
I'm really happy to welcome this place to Fishtown! There isn't enough variety in the neighborhood, and since I moved in in the past year, I've been wondering why there wasn't any seafood restaurant to be found! It was also nice to see the diversity of the diners. There were young locals, old-time Fishtowners, people just off of work, families with babies...
Good food, good service. Great! It's a little tight, and a little loud, so that's why 4 of the 5 stars.I am a big fan of Stollenwerk's other restaurants Fish and little Fish so when I learned about Fathom Seafood opening, i was thrilled. My first two meals there were fantastic. The most memorable dishes were hands down the lobster grilled cheese and seafood poutine. I mean, who wouldn't love something like that? Seafood bar food with an excellent drink and beer selection...perfect. Then Stollenwerk sold this restaurant...
I decided to go back. Afterall, it was one of the chefs in the kitchen that purchased it so it had to be similar, right? Wrong. They completely abandoned the whole seafood/bar food/small plates unique concept to turn into yet another gastro pub. Even worse, a gastro pub with a boring menu.
They removed the lobster grilled cheese, AND the seafood poutine. WHAT??? Even worse, when we asked the waitress why, it was so clearly apparent that a million people came and asked the same question. "What happened to the menu"?!
I'm still completely confused as to why they changed a concept that was working great that I don't even remember what i did eat that night. It was good but obviously not memorable.Love the vibe, the beer selection, the menu. Good times all around. The clambake Jack got was tremendous - thank goodness for extra bread! The broth was the best part! I had myself a Lobby Grilled Cheese which was bangin, but I think I would have gone with a slightly less flavorful cheese so the lobster could really shine through. Oysters were lovely. We happened to go on a day a running group showed up for beers, so it can definitely get crowded quick. Good prices, too. Psyched to go back(maybe when they've fixed the sidewalk?).very impressed. who knew bbq fish could be so good!!! the menu is all interesting takes on seafood.Fathom Seafood House occupies a narrow space on Girard Avenue that works better as a bar than a seafood joint.  With its clunky array of tables and chairs and slow service, it's still working on how to perfect its restaurant concept.  For a place with so many windows, it's amazing how dim and underlit the space was, but I guess this is what it means to be a hipster seafood restaurant.
When I looked at the menu, I only saw one thing that grabbed my attention: Lobster Grilled Cheese.  Who would have thought up such an interesting yet delicious combination?  For $15 however, you get a grilled cheese sandwich, albeit sourdough for the bread, fontina for the cheese, and bits of lobster meat sandwiched in-between.  Plus, a handful of potato chips (i.e. 7 or 8).  Now maybe it was because I stumbled over here after downing a liter of beer at Frankford Hall, or maybe the cheese was bland, or perhaps the white dressing they served alongside the sandwich wasn't tasty enough, but I felt like I needed to douse the absolute shit out of my sandwich with hot sauce to make it seem somewhat palatable.  That's not a terrific sign.  The sandwich clearly cannot stand on its own.
I'm sure there's no difference in the quality, relative price, and freshness of their raw bar items, but for me, Fathom failed to deliver.  They'd be much more successful as a bar that served food than as a restaurant that also tries to double as a bar.  For urban seafood, I'll stick to Oyster House in Center City.Don't get here often but it has a good beer selection and better yet an awesome collection of seafood bar fare. It's not surprising that the owner also happens to own two of the best seafood restaurants in the city, Fish and Little Fish. Please check this spot out!Tried this place on a Saturday night recently with a date.  When we arrived, at about 8 pm, there were no tables to be had so we sat at the bar, and decided to eat there.  
First, hats off to our bartender, whose name I should have caught.  I'm pretty knowledgeable about craft beers, but I had a question about the Abita Purple Haze which he was able to readily answer, and convinced me to give it a try.  Loved it, so not only is he capable and knowledgeable, but knows a good beer when he tastes it.  Also, later on after our meal, he gave me a half beer on the house to sip on while my date finished hers.  Good man!  My only complaint was that he called me "sir" a little too much... at 44 I'm getting acutely sensitive to that, but on the bright side he didn't ask for my AARP card.  
Onto the food:  Really liked it.  For apps, my date had the garlic shrimp, which was two shrimp on a buttery crouton with a garlicky and apparently tomato-based sauce....very tasty, although I thought the portion was a little skimpy.  I had crab, corn and bacon fritters, which were really tasty with a nice spicy dipping sauce.  My only complaint was that the crabmeat didn't come through so much, but they were yummy nonetheless. 
For entrees, my date had the shrimp tacos, in a soft taco shell.  Nice, but nothing truly outstanding.  There was nothing wrong with them, but overall this was the most mediocre menu item we tried.  I had the seared scallops which were extremely tasty, served with a julienne of sauteed country ham over a drift of cauliflower puree, which was fantastic.  Again, my only complaint was that the entree portion included only two scallops.  However, everything was fresh, tasty and I thought they definitely had a nice touch in the quasi-open kitchen.  I'd definitely come back again.Quaint lil place in Fishtown that has a good list of beers and fresh seafoods...
Came here on a scorching Saturday evening to feast on some seafood and cold beer.  But just my luck, the place had an electrical problem earlier in the day and their AC was just trying to come back up.  It was pretty warm in the joint, but tolerable.  Nothing a cold beer on tap couldn't fix.  Unfortunately, because of their electrical problem, their drafts are down as well.  Ugh... we settled on the $2.50 cans of PBR (I could've drank anything that's cold at that point).
We proceeded to ordered some fresh raw clams and oysters as well as the clam bake.  The clam bake was a decent size - half a lobster, clams, mussels, shrimps, potatoes, corn on a cob, and bread.  A good amount for a healthy appetite of one, but can be easily stretched to 2 people.  We devoured all the seafood goodness in record time.  It was so tasty...
This neighborhood place is not too big - a bar with stools and a handful of small tables.  It's a great homey place to chill and dine on some delicious seafood.  Hopefully next time they'll be AC and beers on tap.Usually choosing a dinner spot is a democratic process where me and the boy go "How about here?"  But last night when he asked where I wanted to go there was no ability to negotiate.  I wanted to go to Fathom!  And so to Fathom we went.  
We showed up just before 8 and, miraculously, just after everyone who had been waiting for a 2 person table had been seated.  We got the table right next to the open door, which was awesome because it was a beautiful night and the place was really warm.  
The boyfriend ordered some oysters and we walked out so he could catch a smoke.  When we came back someone was waiting with the oysters.  He even pulled out my chair for me when I sat down!  He explained which oysters were which and what sauce best complimented each.  Boyfriend made me try one.  It was my first raw oyster, and I ate it with a fork.  Yeah, I know, I did it wrong.  Not bad, but I don't think raw oysters will ever  be my thing.  He liked them though.
Then came the entrees!  We split the fathom fries.  To be honest, I only ordered them because I was curious as to what cheese curd is.  Turns out, it's yummy.  The fries were very flavorful and a nice side to the real star of the show: the lobster grilled cheese.  The words to describe it... where are those words.  Luscious!  That might be the word.  It was so delicious and creamy and decadent.  It's something that my brain never knew could exist till Fathom opened, and something I will never forget.  Boyfriend got the crab claws, which he liked a lot.  They were good, but lots of hard work and very buttery.  
Fathom is a great addition to Girard ave and somewhere I plan on spending too much time in the future.Fathom is basically soul food for seafood lovers.  Most everything is served in tapas portions, so it can get pretty expensive if you're hungry.  However, there are some real gems here... such as the Cod Pierogies, lobster grilled cheese, fathom fries and my most recent addiction - the divine Fried Crab Louie.  The dining room is pretty small, and it was very busy on a sunday afternoon. I had to grab a seat at the bar because most of the place was packed with families + kids. The bar selection is decent, some pretty good beer on tap.  Overall, I would definitely come here again - the service and food were great.  Would make a great date destination.Stopped by on my way home from work...sat at the bar (where else) and started off with an Allagash White. Chatted up with a fellow reveler...moved onto a Great Divide Elliot Ness and ordered some food. 
Tried 4 oysters - 2 of the East Coast and 2 from the West. Names were listed on the board but I don't remember them. Oysters arrived promptly with 3 homemade accoutrements: mignonette, cocktail sauce and tartar sauce which were all very very good and beautifully presented. In fact, I loved the tartar sauce so much I even dipped my oyster crackers in it. I had to, I couldn't help myself. Next was the Smoked Marlin Tacos which I really enjoyed. The rectangular plate came with 2 6" soft tacos filled with fresh smoked fish (no breading), cabbage, crispy onions and pickled jalapeños. The jalapeños were freakin awesome and I actually put some of the tartar sauce in the tacos. The couple next me reported that the Cod Pierogies were unbelievable and the Lobster Grilled Cheese was fantastic. Looking forward to trying both next time!
I like the decor - especially found it interesting the way they cleverly disguised the drop ceiling. The bar itself is quite high, which would be my only change. Overall, I am reeeeaaally excited to have another cool place in Fishtown!So I was told about this place by one of my neighbors.  To my surprise there hasn't been any seafood places in NoLibs/Fishtown that I was aware of and so when I heard of this I was extremely glad.  I looked @ what fellow yelpers had tasted and so we tried the lobster grilled cheese, marlin tacos, fathom fries and some oysters.  All of the above was wonderful.  They also have a wonderful beer selection...nothing to extensive, but enough to satisfy the palate.
I would definitely recommend this place but make sure you get there early enough to get a seatI have been reading about Fathom for so long, and I finally went in last night. Awesome vibe, great friendly staff, lots of reasonably priced beers and really excellent food for the price. 
I had a Flying FIsh Abbey Dubbel and a bunch of oysters from east and west coast. Home made remoulade, cocktail sauce and minionette were all very good. Then i had the crabcake sandiwch that was awesomeee. It was on a bun with lettuce and a red pepper sauce that was incredible.
I will definitely be back here many many many times.Fishtown is a happening area now in Philly. This little corner seafood house does the area some justice.
We had oysters, a couple from the east coast and a couple from the west coast, to start off the night. I am a bigger fan of the saltier tasting ones, so the east coast were my favorite. 
After the oysters, we enjoyed the crawfish dish. They were small, but I wasn't expecting lobster tails or anything. Bold flavors with a homemade dip. Take these bad boys down with a beer and you'll have a successful late night snack.Fathom was amazing. I ordered the Lobster Grilled Cheese and couldn't believe how great it was. It was super cheesy and the lobster was great. Plus the salty french fries on the side with a special mayonnaise was fantastic too. Before the sandwich I had the chopped salad which was equally, if not even better, than the original meal. I do wish that I had the salad and the sandwich together to balance out the rich cheesy flavor. 
A great place, I will gladly return!I normally try not to go places that just opened, or at least I am aware that they need to iron out the kinks, and so I either don't write about them or I cut them some slack, but in this case I had to mention how much I loved this place. 
As my dining partner is not big on raw seafood, I couldn't go for broke on the oyster scene. I asked for one East Coast and one West Coast oyster, trusting my server's discretion. One from Massachusetts and one from British Columbia. Both were great, but I liked the Eastern offering (the smaller one) just a bit better. Fresh, expertly shucked, and deliciously briny, I could have eaten ten of each. They were served with a trio of sauces, which were perfect complements, but not exactly necessary, especially when I was only having one of each. Like a proper heavy child, I kept them to eat with anything else that was coming (I ended up tasting them so many times, I pretty much ate the oysters both plain), no shame in my game. The server even laughed sympathetically and admitted she knew where I was coming from.
Before I forget, I have to mention the service. I can't remember having service in any of my recent restaurant outings that has been more perfectly tailored to the situation. When we arrived, it turned out some of our friends were already there, having just finished dinner at the bar. With no reservations whatsoever, the server cheerfully acknowledged that they were going to sit with us with their beers while we ate. No attitude that they weren't on our tab or ordering more drinks from her. She was there when we needed, and gone when we didn't. No snobbery when I ordered a mere two oysters (they are offered several), nor was there any up-selling going on. We went for a quick, low-key meal/snack, and we got just that. That alone is worth going back. But the food, oh that food, was why I will be there again soon.I happened upon this place on a Tuesday evening when a friend and I were headed to Johnny Brenda's down the street. We heard it was new, so we popped in to find a very busy restaurant; always a good sign mid week. 
The restaurant felt and looked new, with clear hints of a wise interior decorator: petit tables with pictures of seafood, pre-wrapped utensils at every table inside metal fisherman's bucket, comfortable chairs and sofas. The bar was tastefully decorated, albeit there were two screens playing sports channels which in my opinion is welcome at a bar, but not at a restaurant. Having said that, I sat with my back to the TVs and the sound wasn't much of a bother.
The food was good, though nothing earthshatteringly new. The entrees are small, and cheap enough to order in a tapas (aren't we done with tapas yet??) fashion. The mussels were good, properly cooked and served in a bucket with a side shell bucket that most restaurants forget to offer. The crab louie was something new, and the highlight of everything we ordered. Fresh crab, and a new concept. The marlin tacos were good, though I could swear I tasted mayonnaise in the fish. The Old Bay Fries were also...good. 
Before you slaughter me for my over-use of 'good' as a descriptor, I'm sorry to say, that's the best I could say about the food. The extensive tap beer menu was an exception (perhaps just par in the beer-wise northern liberties area), but the food was nothing new. In a competitive market like Philadelphia, Fathom isn't serving something particular exciting or re-imagined. Certainly a welcome change in Northern Liberties, but if I was out to look for seafood, this wouldn't be on the top of my list.
And the service was ok at best. I think though, it may just have been the server tending to our table; she was brusk, snappy, and clearly unhappy about something. She didn't crack a smile, take time to explain the restaurant or menu (an absolute MUST DO for a new place), and was eager to get our food to us and have us off her dance card. When we left, she was outside the restaurant having a smoke. I was a sous chef once, and smoked non stop. But my chef always insisted that the customers never see us smoking. It's a small thing, but it counts.
I have faith that this restaurant will do better; the food showed signs of a chef who knows what he/she (no name of a chef on the menu or the website, btw) is doing with seafood, which is no easy task. I'll be back soon. I might ask for a different server though.I stopped in here for happy hour. 
Don't know what it was: long hot day, urges for alcohol, oysters & diversion. It was all too much for me to resist, so off I went to Fathom Seafood House. 
The place is cool inside. I like the bar. Two TVs. There are three nice round wooden tables along the Shackamaxon side. There are five or six smaller square tables along the Girard Ave side.
The sidewalks are all torn up due to the great Girard Avenue sidewalk restoration project (or whatever the hell they've been doing over there). Don't let it dissuade you from entering and sampling their wares.
Solid beer list. Their happy hour special is pretty good. $2 Narragansett pints. $4 oyster shooters. $1 oysters. 
The oyster shooters come in three varieties: 
Vodka w/ hot sauce.
Tequila w/ cilantro.
Whiskey w/ pickle juice.
I'm slugging Narragansett pints and vodka oyster shooters down when my better half shows up.  We examined the menu and discussed it with the bartender. He told us about the calamari dish. He said people go there specifically for this dish. It's unlike any preparation in the city. 
Being the cannibalistic squid I am, I was intrigued. Capers, kalamata olives and golden raisins you say? Surely you jest.
Nope, no jesting here. Just an awesome calamari dish. I prefer my  squid grilled as opposed to fried but I tip my hat to the creator of this dish, I really do. It was awesome, it had a lot of flavors going on. They complimented each other very well and kept you grooving with each bite.
The bartender was great. Super helpful and friendly. I think this can be a very fun place. I look forward to future happy hours here and trying more of their dishes. 
It's official. I am madly in love with their vodka oyster shooters.I really like this place. 
I have ordered the Crab Louie, which is fantastic.  The mussels were way above average.  Everything I have seen come out of the kitchen looks and smells great.
The beer selection is long and diverse, and the prices are very reasonable.  
Bartenders are great.  Very nice atmosphere.
The few negative reviews that complained about portions and prices are ridiculous.  Stay in the suburbs and your Red Lobsters.Consider me a fan! Let's start with the drinks: Excellent selection of beer, and a bunch of fun craft cocktails.
The clam bake special they have at this time of writing smelled excellent, but we were in a raw shellfish-kind of mood that night.
So, the raw bar. Oh, the heavenly raw bar. Easily in the same league as the Oyster House. The selection's a bit limited, but the quality is great. No grit, tastes fresh, temperature's chilled but not too cold. And from the selection they have, you get quite a diverse variety. (Note that there are usually a couple more seasonal oysters than what's on the regular menu.) My wishlist: add more clams to the menu!
We also got the Fathom fries, which my boyfriend enjoyed immensely. He practically inhaled them.
The mussels with Thai curry was well cooked; nice, not-rubbery texture on the mussels. Wish they could have soaked up the flavor of the delicious curry a bit more, though. Hint: Dip those oyster crackers they give you in the curry sauce when the mussels are gone.
Due to alcohol-munchies and our never-ending appetites, we also got the blackened red fish, which was excellent and well-seasoned.
Our waitress was super friendly and helpful; she earned her tip that night.
Overall, I'd say that the prices are reasonable, especially when you consider the quality you're getting.
Street parking was relatively easy to find, which automatically gives it brownie points over, say, some place in Center City.
Don't forget to leave a message on the chalkboard in the bathroom!I've been here twice already.  I really dig this joint.  Small, crowded, very casual. Great service n both occasions.  Both times we went next door to Murph's for beers and the hostess came and got us. (very Dmitri's/New Wave). Raw bar, fish tacos, lob Mac n cheese, mussels, crab fries, fried oysters all awesome. Decent beer selection too.  "I'll be back".I finally got into this new gem and loved it. Everyone was happy at my table.  The place has a great unpretentious and very comfortable vibe with reasonably priced beers and cocktails.
The mussels were awesomely fat and fresh, the swordfish schnitzel was wonderfully done with the lightest breading fried in butter on top of a nice portion of the crazy good red bliss potato salad. The tempura cauliflower reminded me of the similar dish I love at Zahave, actually and that's a super plus.  The affordable $3 sides, especially the  spinach was great.  It seemed like we got $6 worth of flavor with it!   The side of old bay fries were not special but definitely very good and a decent portion to share. Everything, apart from the fries, was wonderfully made with butter. You gotta like butter if you had what I had tonight. Im really pleased with this place within walking distance.   Eat your heart out center city!Went to try out the hot new seafood place in Fishtown for a later Sunday dinner with a friend, good points: ambiance is nice and staff was pleasant. Only cans and tap beer available, which I drink neither. The food was too over priced for what you got. $12 for a crab cake sandwich that was the size of my 4 year old nephews fist and that's all you got, crab cake and lettuce on a regular hamburger roll, no salad side, nothing. The crab claws were good, but very messy. If we didn't order the ole bay fries we would have to make more food later. The menu is small with limited items, guess they are banking on the bar and raw bar. Fair food, nice atmosphere but WAY too inflated for Frankford & Girard.Definitely go for the calamari ... best i ever had!!!!
Also, guys that work there r seriously awesome ... friendly and they know their sh*t ....
Awesome for me ... i live down the street :)))I'd give Fathom 3.5 stars if possible. Space and location are cool. Group of 4 went on a Saturday night and had to wait an hour for an outside table. I was starving and normally I'd be less inclined to wait, but we got seats at the sturdy bar and enjoyed hearty oyster crackers and decent/good drinks. I had a Dark & Stormy, which was kind of sweet but I sucked it down without a problem. My friend had a jalapeno margarita which was excellent. Beers are also really cheap! Bartender was friendly and attentive. And we could watch the Phillies.
We ate outside at a picnic table, which was perfectly comfortable and appropriate for our low key evening. I had the crispy salmon burger, topped with cucumber, feta, olives and tarragon yogurt - delicious. My friends were pleased with their lobster grilled cheese, fish taco, and shrimp dishes. We split the tempura cauliflower and Old Bay fries. The cauli was good, but the fries were too salty, in my opinion, and too little - like those broken pieces at the bottom of the bag.  
Service was a tad slow, but the place was very busy; groups were waiting to eat at 10pm. Our waiter was friendly and charming. I'd definitely return!I keep meaning to write a review about this place, because I'm a big fan. It's delicious, affordable, unpretentious seafood. The ambiance is alright, although I think they could do better. The entrees are simple but creative and the bar has great beers on tap.  I went in for brunch recently too, and was so delighted. Really, I recommend this place. 
My only complaint, and if you're listening out there Fathom management, heed this one: the music you play there sucks. I feel like I'm at some trendy center city restaurant when I'm in there for dinner. And then when I went in for brunch I had to endure a lot of space jammy grateful dead-esque bands. There's so much good music out there. Find it. 
Either way, the experience is good enough to bring me back.Tasty little seafood spot, but nothing to write home about.  
I thought the lobster grilled cheese was sounded awesome until it came out, and I realized you don't get any sides with it.  I don't know what I was expecting, but it didn't knock my socks off like most other Yelpers claimed, boozer.  A good variety of oysters were fresh as they should be, and come with all the appropriate accompaniments.  Fried cauliflower tasted too oily and soggy, but the delicious mussels that came out last saved the meal.  
I would come back if I was craving oysters & beer, but I prefer Little Fish, my first true Stollenwerk love.Today marked my fourth visit to Fathom, and I loved it, yet again. The last time we were in the manager informed us that they were changing the menu, so we tried some of the new and some of the "old." 
For an appetizer I ordered the Lobster Louie, a dish wherein the lobster is first cooked and then the meat is chilled. It is tossed in a spicy aioli (I believe sriracha is involved - always a bonus with me) and what appeared to be minced chives, but I could be mistaken. It was nicey-spicey. My boyfriend, Rich, got the Crab, Bacon & Corn fritters. I was initially worried that they would be too oily because they smelled fried, but once he cut them open and I caught the aroma of bacon, it was all over. I went back for seconds. The accompanying sauce was delicious, as well. 
Rich had the Great Divide D.I.P.A., which was served in a 10 oz glass for $7. At 10% I think this is a reasonable price & portion. The rest of their beer selection seemed well balanced, offering a couple wheat beers (appropriate for a seafood restaurant) a stout, and some amber in-betweeners. I am not certain if this is still the case, but judging by the last few times I went in, the wines are all $8 a glass. They had a nice Torrontes which is often my favorite pairing for seafood, as far as wine is concerned. If you aren't familiar, Torrontes is from Argentina. It is very floral on the nose, with notes of honeysuckle, white flowers, and exotic fruit, however it's nice and acidic on the palate offering little sweetness. 
Back to the food! For my entree, I received the Garlic Shrimp. Though this is in the "something old" category, it was SLAMMIN'. Three jumbo shrimp served with bits of sliced garlic, tomato & what I'm assuming to be some type of smoked paprika/tomato sauce. It also comes with a slice of toasted, oil-and-sauce-soaked goodness that seems to have sat on the pan used to cook the dish for a minute or two. Richie got a new item on the menu, the name of which I can not remember. It was a smoked salmon sandwich of sorts, topped with Onion Gravy (sounded awesome to me) served with a reasonable portion of fries. 
As far as atmosphere and service is concerned, they were both on point. I mentioned before that this was our fourth visit and we have yet to receive slow, or bad service. Contrary to what I read in other reviews here on Yelp, everyone has been very hospitable The decor of the place seems to be suiting in my opinion. Plain & simple, it lets the food do the talking.We went to Fathom last night and learned it's now the East Girard Gastropub (EGG). Stollenwerk's co-owner recently purchased the restaurant so the menu is in transition as he works out the staple dishes and rotates in some seasonal dishes (I got the sense from the waiter that legally they couldn't keep the old menu). 
The appetizers are mainly seafood dishes, but the entrees are a mix of choices (hanger steak, bangers n' mash, oyster po' boy, vegetarian lasagna, and salmon are some of the current options). Given the history of the area (come on, FISHtown) and the lack of seafood places in the city, I hope the new owner keeps a good thing going with his own twist.
I had the salmon with lentils and spinach, which was pretty good. My husband had the mussels (an appetizer), which were tasty and if they had been put over pasta, could've been made into a meal. Overall, it's a good start and we will definitely look to return as the restaurant fully embraces its new identity.If I had two more hands, Julio would give this place 4 thumbs down. If you like butter then this is the place to be. Butter for days. Service was not up to Julio's high standards. Just down right bad. Love the blackboard though. Scribbled a big vagina on the wall. The Miller lite was definitely a plus. I likes keepin it simple. Julio, out.I feel like I have been waiting for Fathom to open for months... which is actually true in this case. After months of zoning issues and wiring problems, Fathom is FINALLY open. Was it worth the wait? 
Oh hell yes it was. 
And not just because it finally puts an end to the irony that was a Fishtown without a reputable fish restaurant, but because the food was wonderful and they have an lovely selection of beers, which includes an extensive list of canned and bottled beers as well as a rotating list of drafts. 
I went with a couple of friends to the opening last night. The place is pretty small, with only six tables and a bar. Luckily, we snagged a table and some beers. My friends ordered the smoked marlin tacos and the fried oysters with leek waffles, both of which were really good. As for myself, I got the cauliflower tempura with chile mayonnaise and the tuna noodle casserole. The cauliflower tempura was good, as most fried vegetables are. The tempura was light and crispy, and the mayonnaise added a touch of heat. I was slightly worried about the casserole, as I thought that perhaps the place would have fancied it up beyond the point of recognition... but no. It was a classic take on the dish, with mushrooms, gravy, breadcrumbs, and tons of noodles and tuna. I would have been thrilled to have had this on our kitchen table as a kid. Really tasty. 
The only issue was deciding what to get... everything on the menu looked delicious. Good thing it's right around the corner, I'm definitely planning on returning.Well after months of waiting for this place to open.  Being a lover of seafood &   Hearing numerous friends comment on this place.  A local bartender & I  were very enthusiastic about eating here.  We walk in & it wasn't  overly crowded.  A couple of seats at the bar were open & the hostess/waitress was wiping a table down.  She walked past us with no greeting or acknowledgement.  We stood there for a few minutes then i asked the busboy if the table was open.  He said that he would check.  He asked the bartender & he told us it was open and to sit.   So we sat down and almost immediately the hostess comes running over like we just chose to sit there or like we stole her purse.  "you can't sit here other people are waiting for this table" in a tone that would make her mother slap her. We were shocked by the tone & attitude.  First off no sign at the door saying please wait to be seated or a line waiting to be seated.   So with the tone & rudeness we left.    Bottom line rudeness is never accepted PERIOD!   For an established that just opened this is not a way to start.  We will not be back & word of mouth is big when you work at a popular local bar.If opening night at Fathom Seafood Bar was any indication, the place is going to be packed to the gills (pun very much intended) on the regular. My man and I swung by on an impromptu visit and snagged the only open seats. Unfortch, they were at a table by the door, where we were blasted with cold air from the snowy night at regular intervals. 
Aside from that, I loved Fathom instantly. The space was warm and welcoming; I could easily picture myself seated at one of the large captain's chairs around a big wood table with friends on a lazy afternoon in the summer. Also fun was the bathroom, with black walls and chalk for writing messages.
The beer/cocktail list was expansive and fairly priced, but the regular menu had me absolutely swooning when I spotted some of my retired favorites from Fish (fries with crab gravy, lobster grilled cheese, etc.). We ordered the aforementioned fries along with an order of crab Louie: tempura-fried claw meat, served in the same tasty sauce as the shrimp tempura at Fish's late night happy hour. 
Our server was awesome, and he was happy to answer every single question we threw at him, and there were many. I can't wait to return for cod pierogies, tuna casserole, lobster grilled cheese, more Fathom fries... the list goes on.Coming in from NY - I seriously thought there was some late night Happy Hour menu I had been served. $3-7 beers, lobster grilled cheese for $15 and a snacks menu with all kinds of scrumets starting at $5. Totally awesome. 
Welcome to Philly. It's not just cheesesteaks. The mussels were awesome - only wish there as more per order. The green chile crab wontons are something you'd expect to see on a menu in SF and were a pleasant lil surprise. Lobster grilled cheese I was told by the person I was dining with had been better - but I wasn't complaining. The bits of celery and onion thrown in were a nice addition. Crab fries - slurp why had I never seen this on a menu before? Some beers listed on the menu were common and others more off the beaten path - and when in Philly drink whatever the locals are having 90% odds its probably delicious. 
ONLY thing I'd have to say Fathom could stand to make an upgrade on (as food and service was fantastic) the decor...WTF it's like the most boring looking restaurant ever. Seems like a Dad gave up his 20+ year family bar to let his cool young son take it over and forgot to redecorate. Honestly some paint, maybe a mural, art work , new tables/perhaps a window bench and new light fixutres this place would look amazing and I can only imagine draw in more people. From street view as we say in Spanish "nada que ver" and that's sad cause it's a total don't judge a book by it's cover story.
PS Fathom peeps. My best friends Mom owns a custom light fixture company. She specializes in hotels and restaurants. Let's light it up!