Italian hoagie is made from lunch meats and has american cheese on it.
Pizza roll is a hoagie roll with pepperoni, cheese and sauce inside.
I ate this stuff b/c I was starving...but I would have preferred almost anything else.I don't understand why there are so many bad pizza places in mount airy. My boyfriend and I called for a vegan cheese steak, pizza and salad this evening. When we received our order and opened it, the salad was just a few pieces of iceberg lettuce, a few onions, and four thinly sliced tomatoes (it looked like the toppings for a burger) - and we were charged $10 for it. We were both shocked. When we called the restaurant to ask if there was some mixup the man said "so there was no broccoli or carrots or anything else in it?"  I replied that there was only a few pieces of iceberg lettuce, some onions, and tomatoes and he said "his guy" must've gotten mixed up. When I asked him to refund my card, he refused saying his credit card machine does not work that way, even though he just admitted they messed up! When I asked him "what if you miss-charge someone by accident, how do you fix it?" he said they just don't. What?! Fino's lost a customer tonight! What poor customer service. It makes me so bummed that businesses feel okay treating people that just gave them money this way.I know this place has gotten the Best of the Northwest, but I have always been disappointed with their pizza. I'm very much of a snob with my pizza so, I understand that not everyone is as fussy as I am. For me their sauce is too sweet and the crust is too chewy. I do appreciate that they have a wide variety of crusts (whole wheat) and some good vegetarian non-pizza items, but I've given up getting pizza here.Had the healthy balance vegan pizza. Was very impressed especially after reading some bad reviews about the vegan options. I will definitely be ordering here again. Highly recommended!Fino's is NOT in Germantown.  It is on Germantown Avenue, but it's in Mt. Airy, near the Carpenter Lane firehouse.  It's a takeout place, but they do put tables on the sidewalk.
The sandwiches are VG, esp if you get pickles or sweet peppers and such added.
The pizza can be great, but sometimes is a little uneven.  Owner is a good guy.  Has a lot of vegetarian options on the menu, but I can't evaluate as I am not a fan of vegetarian food.So the cheese pizza is decent. But the guy charged me an extra $2 to use my Visa and it's already on the high side for a cheese pizza bringing my total to almost $20 for a plain pie. They either have no a/c or it doesn't work. I won't be back.I really like Fino's. The owner is so sweet. Moreover, I have tried all the other nearby pizza places and the crusts taste like cardboard, whereas Fino's has the thinner, Italian style crust which has a nice flavor and consistency. This is the only place we go for take out pizza in the Mt. Airy neighborhood. For eat in pizza we go to Earth - brick oven but much pricier.If your ever in Mount Airy and looking for the best pizzeria- I cannot recommend Fino's enough.  Not only is their food so super delicious, but the guys who work there are the most dedicated and friendly people.  Also they have an entire vegan menu! This place is the tops! 10/10 would recommend.The guys at the counter were really nice and personable. $2 for a plain cheese slice is pretty good and the size of the slice is generous, however, it's just ok pizza.My husband and I love this spot. We are not die hard "oh my God I'm allergic to everything including air" types like some of the hypochondriacs former reviews. The vegan pizza is all we ever get and every different mix and match style is delicious. We learned of this neighborhood joint form my church - Enon tabernacle baptist church- during Daniel fast season and have been hooked ever since. I also appreciate how they have seasonal desserts and the chocolate cake is the best. I will keep ordering from here, and they should put up a sign that says "no cry babies allowed".If you like your order messed up every time this is place to order from. The first time I placed an order with this company, I did it though Grub Hub(This is a nice application to order food and I have used it several times to order food from other restaurants) they didn't include my salad dressing. When I contacted them regarding this matter they apologize and said they would credit me next time. That's fine, its just salad dressing. 
So I placed and order for wings, salad dressing, root beer and fries this weekend. I ordered it through the application Grub Hub like I did the previous time and when the guy arrives, I decided to have him wait while I checked my food. They provided me with the wrong size and type of salad and once again my salad dressing was missing. I contacted the store via my cell phone and it was on speaker phone with the driver standing next to me. The lady apologize and said the would give me a credit. I told him that I'm sick of the credit thing. This is ridiculous. She spoke with the driver the asked to speak back with me. I checked the ticket he was holding and it had the number #79 on it as did the two bags it brought. Some how someone put another person order in  my bag. The lady tried to blame it on the driver but I told her it wasn't his fault because both bags and the ticket with my order on it was marked 79 so who ever bagged the food which I'm sure it WASN'T the driver didn't check to make sure the #79 was on the correct bag. Why play the blame game and try to blame the driver when it was your fault. I understand people make mistakes but when its consistent and you act like you don't care and a credit will fix it then I have a problem with that. I gave the driver a tip because I knew it wasn't his fault. It was the lady on the phone who takes the orders. 
After the driver left she called me to say my card was declined (oh i forgot to tell you that the driver was looking for payment). I explained to her just like i did the driver that I paid through grub hub with my credit card and I only transferred enough to cover my order because i know how companies make mistakes and over and double charge you then have you wait a week to get a refund. The girl goes oh let me check your right, you did pay. I'm thinking to myself you know I paid because you called me to tell me you were out of root beer and what i wanted instead so I told you orange. I also asked for you to pleas make sure my french dressing was in the bag because you forgot it last time. She promised me it would be. You would think that they messed up last time that they would double check to make sure the order was right this time but NOOOO! I will never order from this place again. This seems to be a consistent problem that I wont deal with. I wonder how many other customers they have lost???Whole wheat crust is nice, and unlike many other philly places, does not over-do the cheese.  you can taste the fresh garlic, and they sprinkle some fresh herbs on top.Stopped in around lunch for a couple of quick slices but was told they don't sell individual slices. Okay, a small plain pie it is then.  Went for my card, but was told they are cash-only. Okay, there's an atm a block away, but with a $3.50 fee. Finally get to eat my pizza and I was fairly underwhelmed. Sauce was somehow acidic and sweet at the same time. Tons of herbs on it and plenty of garlic -- my poor wife had to deal with my breath that night. Won't be back.Awesome pizza i got a chicken ceasar salad and a Simply Honest vegan pizza was amazing. Food was fesh, delicious and the delivery was timely.
 Nice, no great job loved the foodMost amazing vegan pizza! (The pesto with potato) My peeps say the cheese is stellar too. Wonderful sauces! This place is a gem run by two real Italian brothers (one vegan) as from Italy! They also have vegan burgers etc! Next time I'll try pomegranate sauce! I do g know what some folks here are talking about, my cheese was definitely not dairyGenius. Many gluten free options. Chicken ceaser is great! Lot of charm from the staff there and I thought that the food wS delicious. Really keep up the good work over at Finos!!!I ordered a steak sandwich and ny mom had a turkey hoagie. Turkey in sandwich was wet, bread was stale and hoagie was bad very bad.
Steak sandwich wasn't any better stale bread tasteless steak sandwich even with the normal stuff. Bad sandwichsGood Pizza for the NW, not the best in Philly though.  Needs to expand the menu in pizza. Get alfredo sauces, pesto etc...
Great staff.  Owner is a nice guy.
Great steaks.  Ask for the garlic butter on the steak roll.Pizza use to be great but over the years the toppings have become almost nonexistent.  Flavor is just ok. The owner is great, and his cook and clean up guy is great but be aware of his delivery guy.  I think his name is Chris. He is shifty and I think sells drugs on the corner. While we strive to support local businesses,  we won't be going back unfortunately...The homemade Pizza dough, sauce, and toppings are very fresh. They make their pizza the way I love it! Thin crust with just the right amount of cheese and toppings.The prices alone may not have a lot of people ordering from here. I'll order from there probably once in a blue moon cause that's what my budget on pizza allows me.I just called this pizza place to place an order for delivery. The guy said it would really be better if I could just pick it up because they were really "jammed up". Um, yeah dude. The whole point in ordering a pizza for delivery is to GET IT DELIVERED so I do not have to leave my house. Even if it takes an hour (an option he did not even offer me). Obviously they don't want the business bad enough. Won't be calling again.Really cool spot in Mount Airy, we didn't try the pizza but I had a pretty good veggie burger and the person I went with had a delicious vegan cheesesteak. Chatted with the owner awhile about Veganism and other stuff, he was very courteous and helpful with our order. He even gave us a free vegan cupcake! I'll definitely be returning.We ordered a vegetarian pizza (half sausage for the non-vegetarian).  Pizza was delicious.  Made me wonder why we don't do this more often.  And, honestly, it came so quickly we'd mistimed so we ate it almost room temperature.  Delicious.  Still.
Delivery.  Order was quick and painless with helpful guidance from the man who owns the place.  (We've only had positive experiences with him over the years; lovely guy.)  As noted, order came quickly; driver was pleasant.  All good.
We don't eat pizza a lot but when we do, it's Fino's and in the six to eight years since we discovered them, we've never been disappointed.  For the kind of crust they make, it's great.  The sauce is flavorful.  The toppings are good.  The sausage eater reported even the sausage was really good -- not the usual pizza topping sausage.  They use real herbs, you can taste them.  The add some nice touches to even the most basic pizza.I couldn't make up my mind(as always, smh) so the cook made me a vegan cheesesteak. Best vegan cheesesteak I've had thus far! You could obviously tell that it wasn't real meat but the alternative was good. Plus, the fried onions, ketchup, and vegan mayo really added to the mix! Both the owner and chef were very welcoming and really nice gentlemen. I'll definitely be coming back.Awesome pizza. He has vegetarian and vegan options. Talked with the owner tonight and he has been vegan for 27 years and makes his own vegan cheese. Can't wait to try that. We had a regular cheese and mushroom pizza and it was so good. The mushrooms were fresh. Everything about the pizza was great. Highly recommend.Typical abrasive Phila. 'tude on the phone, pizza was good except for the fact that I ordered half Hawaiian and half pepperoni for my fussy eats like a toddler friend, and some salad.  They must have gotten someone wearing a blindfold to make this pizza, pineapple chunks and stray pepperoni everywhere and my friend politely force eating only one piece.   Checked the receipt and it did indeed say 1/2 H 1/2 P.  $30 poorer with tip and would only try in-house in the future to monitor competence.I used to live in Philly, home of the Philly cheesesteak and awesome pretzels.  Now I live in New York, the master of pizza, bagels, and then some.
This is what Fino's does to my taste buds:
1) Cheesesteak - yum! (it's not as perfect as the ones from Spataro's at the Reading Terminal, but it does the job at satisfying my taste buds)
2) Italian Hoagie (ahem ... my New Yorkers call 'em "subs") - super yum!  In fact, it's one of the best. 
3) Pizza ... uh, I'm gonna use the "my momma taught me to keep my mouth shut if I didn't have something positive to say" card. It has it's own style, which is fine. I've just grown accustomed to New York pizza.Solid neighborhood spot. Pleasantly surprised at how good the pizza is (and I'm super picky with pizza). Not too thin or too thick, chewy yet crispy crust. Highly recommend the white pizza!Not sure why people are saying that the cheese isn't vegan, but I ordered a GF pizza with vegan cheese, and I had no issues (I'm gluten and dairy intolerant). The guy we spoke to was very nice - I think he was the owner - and he gave us a free slice of chocolate cake that my friend got to enjoy. I would eat here again if I'm ever in the area and am wanting pizza!HORRIBLE. Ordered a vegan chicken Stromboli and got a red sauced pepper and onions Stromboli. Also ordered steak fries and got breakfast home fries. When we called the restaurant it was explained to us that they "soak the seitan in buffalo sauce" and then cook it in red sauce. THATS NOT A BUFFALO CHICKEN STROMBOLI. And last time I checked, a side of steak fries didn't mesh well with breakfast eggs. The owner would not accept that he messed up. DO NOT GET VEGAN FOOD FROM HERE. Or any food for that matter. You're better off burning the money or just eating it.Just OK is the best I can give, at least on the pizza that we ordered tonight.  They skimped on the toppings and the crust was not completely cooked.THIS IS NOT VEGAN. The "vegan" cheese they use is just plain ol' dairy cheese. DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU'RE VEGAN OR DAIRY FREE. They are liars. Owner says he makes his own cheese and then says that it Daiya. I know what Daiya looks like and this owner is full of it.Solid 3.5 rounded up for Fino's Pizza! The crust was quite thin which I really enjoyed as it didn't leave me with the belly full of dough feeling that a heavier crust lends, but was still flavorful and substantially chewy. My ideal slice is heavily sauced, and it's hard to get that w/ a thin crust due to pizza physics... with that said, I wish there was more sauce on the pie but (I almost always wish that) this one was decently constructed. Also appreciated the cheese to crust ratio... it IS possible to have too much cheese. There was some nice spices around the pie, too. I didn't pick it up, but my man said the dude was cool. So far my favorite of the unofficial Northwest PHL pizza tour, will repeat!I really like the pizza and veggie options at Fino's and have been trying to support them by ordering more often since the pandemic started. That said, I was disappointed when I arrived recently to pick up my order and the men working inside were not wearing masks. The owner has always been really friendly and I want to support them, but I feel like I can't do that safely until they change this practice for the benefit of their customers.From my husband who just had this experience at Fino's. 
I am disappointed...not in the food, because I didn't get a chance to eat it.  When I went in to pick up my pizza, not a single person was wearing a mask -- during a pandemic.  Even the person who was at the desk to hand over the pizza had a full on conversation with me as though wearing a mask was the furthest thing from his mind.
It is astounding to me that during a public health crisis where the VERY LEAST you can do is wear a mask to reduce the risk of transmission, nobody there could be bothered.  
No pizza is worth contracting a deadly disease.  They really should be ashamed of themselves for being so cavalier not only with their own health and the health of the employees, but with the health of their customers.
Don't give them your business until they learn that this pandemic is not a joke.I hate pizza. i am a chef and when I have friends over for the game, I aways get a few pizzas from Fino's.  The crust is thin and crispy. The sauce just like my grandmothers.  The toppings aways fresh.  It is the only pizza I can and like to eat.They put REAL cheese on your Vegan pizza! DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE VEGAN!
I have been vegan for about 1 year. I cannot compete with the owner's track record of nearly 30 years vegan, though. That is what makes this so confusing. Why would he sell pizza with real cheese claiming it is daiya?? 
For those of you unaware, daiya is a plant-based cheese that is really high quality and tastes amazingly like real cheese. Though the taste is decieving, the appearance is not. It does not melt or brown. 
I have made my fair share pizza and mac n' cheese using daiya.., never, not once has the cheese browned like real cheese when it has been baked. Not when i've baked it 20 minutes, not when i've baked it for an hour. My boyfriend and I ordered our pizza, waited 20 minutes for it to cook, and then picked it up. 
We sat down and began to eat. I looked down and realized that the cheese I was eating was stretching, and was crisped brown on the top. Plant based cheese does not brown or stretch, as it is not real cheese. I started to feel very nervous and scared I was going to get sick, since I have not eaten animal products for a long time. 
We took it back inside, and asked the owner about it. He flat out lied to us and said they use daiya. That was absoultely not daiya. The fact he is vegan and is claiming to have vegan pizza there is flat out disgusting. Luckily, I am not allergic to dairy and felt pretty normal after the few bites I had. 
I am very upset that someone would do this... the owner is probably passing off real cheese as vegan to save money, since daiya is expensive, running around $6.00 a bag. 
I'm not even mad from a financial POV, what had happened was just disrespectful and confusing. This man is a total fraud. It is hard enough being vegan; not having many options to eat or  dine out, on top of being subject to ridicule from non-vegans... The fact that this was even an issue in a community of like-minded people who are supposed to be supporting each other is really hurtful. I have never felt so disrespected  Please do not buy from this man, his only objective is financial gain.This place does not understand the meaning of "vegan".  They will put dairy cheese on your pizza, and try to pass it off as daiya.  Extremely disappointing, will never eat here again.A hole in the wall pizza place that has fantastic pizza! My partner got the vegetarian white pizza and she says it was so good! The guy at the counter was so nice and accommodating too.  They do gluten free pizzas which is what I have to eat AND they do gluten free breakfast. I'm definitely going to go back and get gluten free items. Will update this post accordingly.I can't have gluten and I'm used to the Couch Tomato in Manayunk's homemade gluten free pizza dough. Bought a very expensive gf pie from Fino's and it was weird. No sauce, oily onions, peppers and sausage on a frozen, thin, store-bought gf crust. I think it was like $15. Even though I can walk here from my house, I'd much rather drive 10 mins to Manayunk for a hand made gf dough for several dollars less. Disappointing.Funny because last year I had a suspicion that they were using real cheese for their pizza as for one, they never used a lot of cheese, two, the texture, three, I've had many vegan cheeses and it didnt resemble any, and finally, because I just did not believe he made his own...smdh furthermore,  the food just isn't that good, the vegan cheesesteak  is the absolute worst I've had in the city. I think they use mushrooms.  The texture is completely off and the sandwich came off "wet". The food is just entirely to high to justify eating there so I rather go down west, north, or downtown where majority of the vegan restaurants are when I want "junk" food like cheese steak, fries, pizza, etc. I have tried on several occasions because I was too lazy to do real travel but no, it's just bad. I rather just cook on a Saturday night.Pizza was actually decent. Thin pizza and cool just right. Have come here a few times now. Though one time it had a lot of garlic on it compared to the others I'd give there pizza compared to other pizza places in the area a 7.5This restaurant is not only a staple in our community; the food is fantastic, too! The owners are both family oriented and kind to the neighbors. Do yourself a favor and visit at least once. I guarantee you'll become a recurring customer.Heavens for vegans! The salmon burger was delicious. The potions are huge and the prices are good. The owner is a sweetheart. I definitely come back!!I love Fino's , I really don't get the negative reviews, good people always good food .Got roped in by the vegan options but were disappointed.  Vegan buffalo chicken had a little bit of buffalo hot sauce on the bottom of the container and the "chicken" was a nugget of disappointment with poor, mealy texture. The philly style vegan cheese stake was mushrooms and tomato sauce without a sign of fried onions or a vegan cheese.  Wished there was some textured vegetable protein or vegan cheeseIf you're vegan or allergic to dairy, beware.  They charge about $5 more for a vegan pizza and tonight I had a friend's son over who has severe allergies to dairy and eggs so we ordered from there.  I requested a vegan pizza w/ two toppings.  The guy on the phone insisted I look on the website at all the options.  I said, "This is for a child and he is particular about what he wants so it won't change my order."  He finally acquiesed.  
We got the pizza in the time promised.  I opened it and my friend said, "Vegan cheese doesn't melt like that."  Wanting to be sure and not seeing vegan on the receipt, I called.  The same man assured me it was vegan pizza and realizing I was charged for it, we hung up and the son started eating it.  Immediately he asked for water and his throat was closing.  
Incensed, I called them.  He assured me again it was vegan.  I started to lose my temper and I said, "NO it's NOT because my friend's son is having an allergic reaction!"  He then said, "oh, the cook screwed up.  We'll send a new one in 15 minutes."  
So in case you were wondering why that vegan pizza tastes so good, it's because it's real cheese and they're just pocketing that extra money.  There was no tone of apology in his voice even slightly...just kind of like he was caught.  
After all was said and done and the new pizza arrived, he thought it was fine.  My friend and I ate the non-vegan pizza and luckily Benadryl saved the day.  But seriously, no desire to ever order from there again.If you are actually vegan or allergic to dairy pls don't eat here.  They do not use vegan cheese and they do not "make their own". I should have read other yelp reviews before coming here. 
I ordered the vegan chicken parm and it came out with cheese that looked very much like dairy cheese.  It was melted and stretchy - but not as thick as daiya or any other vegan cheese I've seen.  I thought maybe it was "tease" at first so I asked the counter person - wondering out of genuine curiosity.   the person at the counter got immediatly and weirdly defensive and said he was going to go back and ask what cheese they used.  He went around to a man in the back and came back to say daiya. 
it was not daiya at all.  I use daiya constantly and I know what it looks like melted.  The counter persons reaction solidified my gut feeling that It was real cheese.  I don't trust this place at all. I will never go back.Absolutely Horrible!! Ordered Salmon Burger, Hamburger.. dry and cold.. called the manager he was dismissive and rudeNot sure why all the negative reviews for the vegan options...I've been here twice now in the last month and had a great experience both times.The vegan pizzas I ordered were made with a cashew cheese and were definitely NOT dairy. Both the vegan and cheese pizzas were delicious and the vegan dessert options are amazing. Sweet potato pie is good, the banana pudding is delicious, and the chocolate cake (which the owner threw in for free!) was to die for. 
It's a bit further of a walk than our usual pizza place but we're still going to make it our new spot as the service and food is far more consistent in quality than the other neighborhood pizza place with vegan options.Fake "vegan cheese"
Owners seem cool but the cheese they keep calling "vegan" is NOT!!!!! To me it tasted like regular (cows milk) mozzarella cheese. I'm thinking he uses Lactose Free Cheese  THAT IS NOT CONSIDERED VEGAN, smh....I tried several times but something seems off!
I will NOT return!!!First review, because all of the people calming that "it's not vegan!" are nuts. I am severely lactose intolerant. If I eat real cheese, I will be sick for days. I eat the vegan pizza/cheesteak here weekly, and I never get sick! He makes his own vegan cheese, people.Not bad for a vegan pizza, loved the crust. Could have used a little more flavor tho for my taste buds.
Also appreciate the customization and substitution of sauce on a normally white pie.
I do like supporting vegan options, maybe I'll try some of the other ones here another dayWhen my husband and I first moved to Philly we were craving pizza and this was the first place we ordered from. It was good but not the best that I've had. The pineapple tastes funny, if you order a Hawaiian. Also, I was not pleased when I called to order and was about to give him my credit card number when he told me he would call me back in 5 minutes (after taking my order), well 25 minutes rolls by and I had already called another pizza joint because my husband and I were hungry, the guy from Fino's calls me up to tell up and get's pissed because I called somewhere else. Hmmmm... he should of taken my CC number from the get go or he should of called me back when he said he was going to, not 25 minutes later.
Other than that experience their food is OK.Seems like a lot of "New" Mt. Airy folks take issue w the gluten/vegan options here.
Personally, Finos is the best pizza place in the neighborhood, by far. Seasoned well, great dough and toppings.
The owner is there everyday and hires guys from the neighborhood.
Tell him to take the pizza out a little early and it's really really good. Try them out.This place is a breath of fresh air! As a vegan I can tell you most places have very little I can eat. Some have one or two token vegan items that are not well thought out and not very good. Finos is different. A traditional Pizza shop with the owner right up front, an extensive menu with MANY vegan options. The food is freshly cooked with quality produce and great taste. I love that I can eat at an old school Philly Pizza shop and know that they care about the quality and diversity of their vegan food. Thanks Marco for doing it right!