Not sure why people gave mugshots a bad review. I went there with my family for breakfast this morning. We had a veggie omelette, western omelette, and the creme brûlée French toast. Everything was very good including the food and service. And there was no left over food when we were done! Prices are reasonable as well. I will definitely be frequenting this place.Good soup though wish they had a bowl size! Quick  service with nice portions.  Cozy diner feel and great hours! If they have italian wedding soup get it!!! Also the chicken and broccoli pasta is bomb. I ate it for 3 meals! Huge servings and well worth itThis was a good experience for breakfast. My omelet was cooked fine, although I didn't care for it. That wasn't their fault, I ordered one that I don't usually order (with lox), and it wasn't good to me. Someone else might love that omelet.  The home fries were great! Surprisingly it's hard to get good home fries at places! My wheat toast was good, not burned which is something I don't take for granted anymore either. My husband liked his breakfast too. We would definitely stop back here when we're in the area.Just had a very enjoyable brunch! Egg we perfect and the service was spot on. Had a 15 min wait to be seated, however the other who were waiting were great to talk to. Debi also had a great cinnamon bun to round off her cheese omelet. WouldNever been in the actual restaurant but will be going soon! Me and my boyfriend always get delivery from here. 
I was a little hesitant because sometimes you don't get the same experience as you would in the diner 
Food came hot , we ordered burgers (I've tried the bacon cheese burger, mushroom and Swiss, Texas burger) my boyfriend swears by the cali burger...he's a little avocado obsessed 
Only thing I was disappointing in was the fries though really good were always stuck together and was really small amount. We had onion rings too which are huge and tastyI can't say I'm terribly impressed by this place.  The food is average, the prices are high.  Also, they are not very vegan friendly.Food is ok , the service is diner average . Very chill environment even when it's busy.
Typical of the Diners in philadelphia . Nothing over the top average food average price .about 15 a person for lunch and a beverage .Go for the breakfast, avoid anything else that requires actual cooking.
Been here several times and when I go for the standard breakfast foods I'm always happy - great prices, good sized portions, friendly service. Mugshot is one of the few places to get a good waffle in the area. It's when they have to cook real meals that Mugshot fails.
Basically, avoid anything that requires cooking in an oven or broiler - lasagna, meatloaf, crab cakes, steaks, certain sides, etc. They just "toast" these items in the broiler and you'll end up with a cold, uncooked surprise at the center. This happened multiple times on several visits, and sending it back doesn't help as it shows up 30 seconds later only freshly toasted. 
They can do short order stuff fine; it's a serviceable diner. Fried foods, grilled foods, anything boiled like pasta they can do and you'll get a decent sized portion, too. Just avoid any food that requires a chef.Contrived attempt at a mom and pop diner. Extremely ugly contrived attempt. The food is subpar, at best. Though you'll get tons of it. At exorbitant rates. And some of the servers have nasty attitudes. 
Not a fun place to be.Wish I could give no stars. The place is horrible. Went the 2nd week it was open. My daughter and I came in and decided to do a late brunch. Interior was nice enough. Asked the hostess if we need to wait to be seated at the bar and she said go ahead. Sat and waited for 15 mins. Waitresses and the manager were walking by us not even asking if we need water or offered us menus. One waitress asked us if we were eating, well ya, duh?!  So I went to the hostess and said we haven't been waited on yet and we have been sitting there for 15. She was like oh sorry. Really???  I haven't tried the food yet and I never will for the lack professionalism at this place. A soft opening says it all. Sadly this place isn't going to make it with the wonderful places like Memphis, Hinge, Kraftwork and Johnny Brenda's around.Nice place. Breakfast was good ,my waitress was friendly and attentive. I would go again.This is a good ole diner. It has the variety and quality that you'd expect from a diner. It's not going to blow your mind but everything that we've tried has been good and it's always open with tables ready so a good go to when you need a bit to eat quickly. Service is good and the people are all nice and really invested in its' success. I'm pleased to have it in the neighborhood.Have been here twice and both times found service to be so-so. Sweet potato fries were excellent, wings were tasty and a nice size. Reuben wasn't the best but good enough for me to order again.I ordered delivery from Mugshot through the Grubhub app. I ordered bacon, scrapple, 2 eggs sunny side up, homefries and a Belgian waffle. 
1. The portions were perfect: almost a full container of homefries, 5 or 6 pieces of bacon, 1 full sized Belgian waffle and the 2 eggs 
2. Each item came in its own container and it was labeled on the corner what was in each box 
3. Each item was cooked perfectly; the bacon was crispy and not greasy, the homefries were soft yet crispy with pieces of onion in them, the eggs weren't slimy (like sometimes sunny side up eggs can be) and the waffle was fluffy
6. My order came before the estimated wait time which was awesome! 
I would have given Mugshot a 5/5 stars rating but I didn't receive the scrapple, which Grubhub corrected and reimbursed me for. 
*****Even with the slight order hiccup, I would 100% order here again!Went back and used my gift card courtesy of one of the managers Chris and had a much more pleasant time. We were seated quickly, our waitress was quick, efficient, and kind. Our food was great and came at a decent time (burger and fries for him, my favorite the French toast and bacon for me). I was so happy that this time went much more smoothly because we didn't want to give up our neighborhood diner. Thank you Chris, we will be back. :)Redeemed a Living Social Voucher, hence my trek to the Fishtown section of Philadelphia. Parking was difficult to find on a Saturday morning. This establishment is hip and modern. The bench seats reminds me of the back seat of a Cadillac. It is bright, clean and the noise level is kept at a minimum. It is handicap/wheelchair accessible. We only had to wait for about 5 minutes for a table at 11:00 am. Our server  came in a timely fashion to take our orders and our food arrived in modern chinaware. I love, love, LOVE the spinach side. I want to know the recipe for this. Because whatever they cooked the spinach in was full of ultra flavor. I could eat a few more helpings of this. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the Pork Chops. It was dry and overcooked. I have a feeling that they may have pre-cook several others and when an order comes in, they just slightly cook it again which eventually overcooked the Pork Chops. I like the ambiance as a whole, and can't help but stare at several celebrity mugshots, of which Justin Bieber's was the latest to adorn their wall. Prices are reasonable, the two single bathrooms for male/female was roomy and wheelchair accessible. I will return back in the future, during non busy times so I will not have difficulty in finding a parking spot.Fun and creatively decorated, staff was friendly and attentive. Clean establishment. Parking in the city is a bit tough so had to walk a few blocks as they don't have parking. Reasonably priced and breakfast food was plentiful and tasty. Would go again.This place opened yesterday and i live in the area so i thought i would give it a try.....first issue in an area where there are quite a few breakfast options i would have expected this establishment to be on its "A" game, however the food was dismal...
The Bad:
Food - F
i order eggs benedict and as i am a vegetarian asked for spinach, tomato and mushrooms in place of the bacon....they charged me extra for each item, even though i excluded the meat, and i didn't even get what i requested, missing the spinach.   The hollandaise sauce was disgusting, not even sure it was hollandaise sauce more like white cream poured over the eggs.  The eggs were the size of quarters, not kidding and didn't even think they could be that tiny....The english muffin was soggy and the potatoes were hard and bland..all in all a pretty poor experience. 
The Good:
Service - A
I spoke with the manager regarding the my situation and he was more than understanding and accommodating.  The waitstaff is very nice and out going.  
Future:
With at least 5 different spots in the area that have fantastic breakfast options, this restaurant will have to do much better to survive...As this is there 2nd day opening i am going to return in a few weeks to try the food again.....with that being said i am giving this diner a generous 2 out 5 until i try the food again.You can never go wrong with a diner! I have not tried their entrees, usually stick to my favorite diner stables - breakfast food and sandwiches. The staff have been very friendly and accommodating. My favorites have been the Creme Brulee french toast and a variety of sandwiches. Sometimes diner food is just what you need.I've always passed by this diner and wanted to try it but never had the time. Finally made over during my long weekend to get some brunch and I was pleasantly surprised! I don't know what I was really expecting...considering that it's attached to a loft building, I guess I thought it would be more like a bistro/cafe. To my surprise, this was your run-of-the-mill kitschy diner and a very clean and cute one at that! First off, I didn't realize that this place was called Mugshot Diner; the logo outside is pretty small. But once I saw it on their menu and then looked up and saw all the celebrity mugshots on their back wall, it all made sense to me...and like I said, very kitschy. The diner is very bright and open and very clean and new looking. The menu is big but not overwhelming; I didn't see any specialties jump out at me--just typical diner food. Service was relatively quick and friendly. 
For food, I ordered their broccoli and cheese omelet and my husband ordered their french toast. There was a little delay and mixup on the order but not a huge deal since our server fixed it right away. The food was pretty good. It wasn't amazing but it was good--we had nothing bad to say about the whole meal. Prices were also reasonable since our bill came to around $25 for food (we also had side orders of bacon, sausage and eggs) with a couple of drinks. 
This is a solid diner and I will definitely be returning.I decided to stop by and grab a bite tonight for dinner. Ive watched this place being built for the past year. I'm not a huge diner fan but the food was way better than I expected. I ordered the chicken marsala. it came with two vegetable sides and soup or salad....all for $15!! The service was top-notch, too. My waitress was super nice and helpful. I will definitely be returning. Fishtown has another winner!You seen my picks of our food, and the bill, the omelets are very small for the $9.00 price tag. I asked for my omelet to be light and toast to be dark. But the came out reversed and not as hot as you would like it to be.A huge staff slow service and some poor attitude at the register ( asked why I was charged for the feta) eyes rolled tude set in. I only asked why I was being charged not that I wanted .50 back. so all and all I would rather wait 20 min. At hinge restaurant anytime over this over priced menu under knowledgable (customers make the business) staff. Too bad very close to home.Clean. Nice colors. Cheesecake made to order the way you want over the phone. 
I didn't like the Hash Browns. 
The French Toast was nice. 
Above average looking waitresses and host. 
The waitress was smart and dealt with my ridiculous omelet order without getting upset. 
And she had nice teeth. 
I'm tired of diners having drug addict waitresses (Pete's Clown House...god awful)
The Menu was tight. 
I ordered chicken fingers for the appetizer and it was raw on arrival. 
Then when he took it back he just refried it longer which made them too hard. 
I won't be ordering that again. 
I'll go again though.I so desperately wanted this place to be good. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. I knew it was owned by someone who owned a couple diners in Jersey and being from there I was pumped to have a Jersey diner so close to my house. So going in I was hoping for one of two things, either Jersey diner food at Jersey diner prices, or Fishtown quality food at fishtown prices. They decided to go with Jersey Diner quality food with Fishtown prices. Everything was a few dollars more expensive than it would be in Jersey but it was still the same old food. 
We started with buffalo wings. They were nothing special, like I said pretty much exactly what you'd expect at a diner. Next, the two of us spilt a Chicken Gyro and a Cheesburger, two not very complicated meals. We also ordered both with no tomatoes. So the food came out very quicly but both with tomatoes. The waitress was very apologetic and she said she put the order in that way, and she took them back. They just picked the diced tomatoes off the gyro and didn't even get them all. Again this is something that happens often and it wasn't a big deal. But the food was very very disappointing. 
The chicken on the gyro was dry, there was hardly any other toppings on it, probably because they got picked off with the tomatoes. The sauce was eh. I mean it's a gyro, its what diners are suppose to make and it was not very good. The burger wasn't very good either, again dry with no seasoning. For $10 I was hoping for a lot more, especially considering I could go a few minutes away to Frankford Hall and get one of the best burgers in the city for $11 or down to Memphis Tap for the same. 
I understand it's a new restaurant, but my hopes aren't high that it will ever become anything than typical Diner food at Philly prices, which when considering there are so many better places within 5 blocks I doubt I'll bother going there anymore until it changes.Gourmet late nite dinner shit great no nasty thrown together food love it 
Food is great1st time here. Pretty good. Big portions. Nice clean place. I'd say home fries need alittle more flavor and cooking. Pancakes are delicious. I would recommend coming here vs. a lot if other diners in Philly . Location is also great. After your done eating you can take a walk around fish town, take advantage of a few places they have around here.Sat for 15 minutes without any service.  There were 12 people in the whole place. Two waitresses watched me get up and walk out without saying a word. WTF?Typical diner food - though it was an upcharge to get a side salad instead of french fries for a veggie burger (the side salad was literally lettuce with a few onion slices and a tomato so yeah, nothing impressive). But if you want lots of variety of ok food, somewhere to satisfy a diverse set of people who may want breakfast and dinner stuff, mugshot would be a good choice!!I went opening night. They have a few kinks to work out with the food, but they seem to be doing everything from scratch and I am confident they will get it together soon. It was still several steps above average diner food and the prices are reasonable. 
They seem to have hired a great staff - the place was slammed and everybody was a little awkward, but still fast and friendly. 
It's a couple blocks from my house so I expect to have more to report soon. I think in a short time this place will go from good to great. My only major complaint is that they don't have chicken croquettes. This is Philadelphia! Even the Michael's octopus of mediocre diners has decent croquettes.Their fresh strawberry milk shake was heaven in my mouth. The food hit the spot. Solid new dinner spot. Friendly staff !Weird vibes for sure. Going in I wasn't sure whether to expect a high-end diner like Darling's, or your run-of-the-mill trashy diner with decent food. Turns out it's a botched attempt at both. The place seems like it was quickly thrown together by a bunch of boneheads. The decor is dumb and cliche. The food is incredibly bland and overpriced. The menu is essentially your typical overlong diner menu, and that's OK, if the food satisfies that classic diner craving. But it doesn't really. My quesadilla was dry and on a crap tortilla. It was accompanied by two unappetizing plastic to-go cups of generic salsa and sour cream. Clearly no thought went into any of this. 
After having browsed the menu and then eaten, it feels a little bit like the owners are trying to pull the wool over your eyes. "This Fishtown crowd loves eating-out and paying top dollar!" was likely the consensus. Unfortunately, people aren't so stupid. It's a shame because a solid diner is actually something lacking in the neighborhood.
While I always see people in the restaurant, there is the unmistakeable sense of failing-restaurant-dread hanging over the place. An odd sense of desperation seems to be shared among the entire staff. Our waitress even wrote "Please come again!" on both sides of our check, which is very nice but a little sad given the context. The folks at the register asked us twice whether the service was good. And when I said "Yes" they seemed wary of believing me. It's true though - the service is decent. The food is not. Hopefully this place will have enough sense to recruit a decent chef and focus on the food.Great service, good food, and convenient location between Fishtown and Kensington. I come here often and each time there is always at least two soups of the day that are always delicious. The calamari salad is very good also, and you can never go wrong with breakfast!Server was great (4 stars) my western omelette was okay (3 stars) and my girlfriends lox bagel was awful. (0 stars) the lox was grey and the bagel was not very good. Lastly, the coffee was burnt. (1 star)Had a pleasant experience at mugshots. I've been here a few times and I keep coming back. The roast turkey open faced was tasty. Try that.This diner is more about the atmosphere than the food. Its a quirky design to have mugshots of celebrities on the wall, and the bright yellow and blue colors of the diner make it visually appealing, but that's really all this diner has going for it. The menu has many options, but I never found anything on it that was remotely memorable. Every time I went, I felt just as disappointed as the last time. Add in a disinterested staff with slow service times, and you have a place that I won't be going to anymore.Thank god this place finally opened. The place was packed all weekend for the grand opening but worth the wait. The sign says diner but the food is restaurant quality at a diner pace. Big ass servings...You gotta try their creme brulee french toast and fresh pastries (they apparently have their own baker in the back...score!)Mugshots is a wonderful diner and offers many offerings for all types of appetites. They were happy to place gyro meat in my omlet to satisfy my pecular taste. I would like to give them 5 stars, so I did.I went to mugshot a lot because I live right around the corner actually Was surprised about there food. I had the macaroni and Cheese and the macaroni was warm and the cheese was just globbed on top and I didn't finish it because it was horrible! I do not recommend this restaurant! Unless you like having cold food and poor service.I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday around 1.  When I arrived the hostess station was vacant.  A woman sitting eating a salad at the counter turned and looked at me oddly ..which I didn't understand until later when she finished eating and resumed her place at the hostess station.  Nobody welcomed me or offered to seat me.  I finally asked an employee what I was supposed to do and was told to sit at the bar if I wanted.  My waitress was fine and mostly attentive.  I placed my order and then went to the bathroom..which was very dirty.  I had to clean it first before using it.  I was in there so long cleaning, my waitress thought I had left.  My meal arrived.  My hamburger was hot and good, but not great.  It was called a Texas burger but I have no idea why.  No sauce, just some sauteed veggies on it.  It was not spicy or anything else I would associate with Texas.  My fries (which are not included in the price of the burger and were an upsale by the waitress) were barely warm (which they did replace with hot ones..but I was already done with my burger before anyone asked how everything was).  When you leave, you pay at the hostess station.  When I went and handed the woman my check, she did not say a thing to me, not "how was your meal"..nothing. Just told me what I owed.  I paid and she did say goodbye.  I was shocked they would hire someone like that to work the hostess station  She is cold and uninviting.  Doesn't seem to be happy with her job I guess.  If you are hungry and in the area, I suggest Applebees around the corner.  I work in that area and was hoping for another place to eat other than Applebees, Slacks, Wawa or Arby's..no luck here.old school diner joint -- exactly what you remember from high school, open 24 hours, best service, LOVE!This place is the new hotspot in fishtown! Awesome service and tasty food! Why aren't you there right now?!I've gone here a few times and the food was ok, nothing to write home about but not bad.  My experience today leaves me not wanting to go back ever again.
First there were kids screeching the entire time and running around un-supervised.  None of the waiters/managers seemed to care.  What was worse was that we had to wait over 30 minutes for 2 egg breakfasts and a cheesesteak, after seen numerous parties who were seated 10-15 minutes after us get served at least 5 minutes before us.  I don't know if our order got lost, the waiter lost track, or what, but for a diner it's unacceptable to wait that long for something that should take no more than 5-10 minutes to make.Maybe this place is not what I am looking for in a diner. I will pay higher prices if the food warrants it, however if your prices are high, and the food is no better than a cheap diner (or worse, my Fiance's Greek Chicken Wrap was inedible, and was spit out by a three year old that eats crayons off the floor) then I will not be a regular.  The place seems to be patronized mostly by visitors from New Jersey, yet another reason this gentrifying local will avoid this place in the future. Considering how much they spent on getting the place put together, it would make good business sense to bring the quality of the food up to par with their prices.The food is good but the service was terrible.  I was done my coffee a little after my food came and was not offered another beverage. She walked by a few times without offering anything. She brought the reciept to the table saw the empty cups and still was offered no beverage. Needless to say she did not get a tip from me. She was more concerned getting us out to sit someone else than serving us. I will order to go next time.Brought the little rascal this time round. 
Actually she's a 6 yr. old princess :)
She seems to be really enjoying her Belgium waffle with fresh strawberries(on the side of course). She also endorsed the chocolate milkshake but I'd say it was rather average. 
I ate the same 3 eggs with bacon and home fries like last time and it was very good. Nothing fancy but fresh and tasty. 
Home fries are prolly my least favorite and could use a lil more cooking. 
Overall a great place for diner style breakfast.I LOVE this place! The food is absolutely delicious and service is perfect! I've been to diners all over the US and this is by far the best food that I've ever had. If you're in Philly this place is a MUST! 
Plus: I ordered an egg white omelet with fruit and toast. My fruit was FRESH and my toast with in the shape of a HEART! LOVE!I came in here two hours before closing on a weekday evening and it felt like a place that was winding down.  Everything from the service to the food was mediocre at best.  My tuna melt was what a college student would make if these were the only ingredients laying around, and the fries were quite stale.
The prices are just a little higher than I want them to be, which is fine if the quality is decent and the place is open late (no and yes).  A diner like this is good if there aren't many other options, so it's important that the food be good even when it's late.  I would go back again if most other places were closed and I'd probably stick to breakfast.  If that's a better value I'd consider upgrading to three stars.Great grub! Excellent service! This is the best diner in the greater Philadelphia metro area. Highly recommended by yours truly.Food and service was great! A little more pricey than I would've liked for the food, but otherwise a nice clean place. Croutons are awesome.The food is high quality. The service is great. The prices are reasonable, and it's open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and in the after hours. You can eat breakfast for dinner, or just hang out, drink coffee, and browse the internet. 
What more could you ask for?
It's only been open for a week, but Mugshot is now my "go to" spot.Usually have no problems here however, my fiancé and I came here for lunch and not a single person came to greet us once we were seated. We sat for 15 minutes before asking the hostess if we could get a server. Hostess said someone would be with us shortly...10 minutes later and we still had not even received a simple "hello, I'll be right with you". Needless to say, we leftMugShots is my favorite restaurant. I truly enjoy there Boil Seafood Combination-platter. They also have a great strawberry cheesecake. Thank you MugSots for serving the community with love and gratitude.Unbelievable food, amazing service, great staff. Only diner that I've ever ordered chicken parm that literally tasted like it was prepared at an Italian restaurant.The food here was so-so.  My reuben sandwich was okay; the pastrami was of medium quality and the breads was soggy.  My kid's burger, ordered rare, came medium-well.  My other kid gave the chicken strips a good report, but the mozzarella sticks we ordered were not cooked all the way through.  
The restaurant was well-lit and pleasant to be in.  The total bill was around $45.HORRIBLE!!!!! I'd give them 0 starts
I live next door, and once in a while I decide to order here. Everytime something goes wrong! I gave them way too many chances to make it right, but they just keep fucking it up EVERY. SINGLE. TIME! The waitresses/hostess/cooks never seem to be able to take my order right!
Latest experince was a week ago when I called to order a take out.
-fruti di mare, and I asked for it to be in white wine instead of the red sauce, (she asked "you want it white?" I said "yes")
-order of mussles also white 
and 
-fried callamari. 
Went to pick it up, asked if they put any dinner rolls in, she said they charge for it. I didn't care. $2 for a hoggie roll cut up in 4 pieces!!! 
Also did the mistake of not checking my food before leaving. Drove home 1 BLOCK away, and yes, the fruti di mare was RED!!!! 
The callamari and "dinner rolls" were cold and the mussles had sand inside.
I called them to let them know I will be there to return the fruti di mare, so I did and while waiting for my other dish I was not offered an apology, 2 of the 3 girls were on their phones all of the time, one of them was too busy flirting with a cstm on the breakfast bar, and the other one was tuching her hair all the time. totally unproffessional and plain rude. no please, no thanks you! She said the cooks were sorry because they messed it up. OK, didn't check again thinking now they got it! Stupid me, of course they didn't get it, this time was white alright, but Alfredo white, not what I aseked!!!!!! 
STAY AWAY FROM THEM! NOT WORTH YOU MONEY,Mugshot Diner really wasn't anything special. I came for breakfast and found the food to be typical diner fare. I had the broccoli and cheese (added ham) omelette and my girlfriend had the meat lovers frittata. The omelette was good (pretty typical) and the frittata was strangely flat and not as explained by the waitress. The glass our juice came in looked dirty and there were a  couple of flies buzzing around inside. The waitress was friendly but didn't seem to know the menu well. I would recommend going to coffee house II down the street over this place.My Boys & I always come here after B Ball on Tuesday nights. Place is the da bomb. Always have quality food & service. My boy Joey loves Pork Roll Egg & Cheese. Anyone in the area has to check this place out.Wonderful staff. Friendly and helpful. I had the mussels. They were great! I asked for a side of bread with them and received mediocre dinner rolls. Next time I'll get a side of fries. The sweet potato fries are delicious. My girlfriend had the crab cakes. Very tasty but very deeply fried. A good amount of real crab meat in them. Got the mini cheesecake for desert and it wasI was excited to see a diner opening up in the neighborhood and couldn't wait to try it out. Last night, I finally got around to it and was a bit underwhelmed to say the least.
the decor: It's super cute in there. Very clean, has the whole diner vibe going, and it looks like they spent a pretty penny on the construction. The music sucked though... like weird, teeny bopper pop music was playing. I assume it was just a Pandora station or something, but my boyfriend and I kept laughing about how awful the music was. The place was full of adults; I don't know who thought it'd be a good idea to play Justin Beiber or whatever the hell it was.
the prices: I found the prices a bit expensive for a diner. For example, I don't normally drink soda, but a soda was $2.50 and you only got one refill with that. Sandwiches, including burgers, don't automatically come with fries- you need to add them on for a dollar extra. Breakfast sides- anywhere from bacon to homefries- each cost $3...
the grub: My boyfriend had a gyro and I had a cheese burger. They were both very dry and you could tell my burger was just a frozen patty that was thrown on the grill, no spices or anything. It was quite bland, even after adding ketchup. Fries were OK. My boyfriend said he liked his cole slaw, but that's coming from someone whose favorite cole slaw is from KFC, so who knows.
the service: it was fine. Waitress was attentive. Food came out quickly. A woman who I guess was the manager or owner came over to make sure our meal was OK. You pay at the register at the front, but they don't actually tell you that when they give you your check. We kind of sat there longer than necessary before we realized we are idiots and that's pretty much typical diner protocol.
minor gripe: need more napkins! This is just a pet peeve of mine. You are supplied with only the napkin around your silverware. There were no dispensers or anything on the tables. When I was eating fries and a burger with ketchup coming out from all sides, I need more than one napkin. I had to ask for a few, but they brought them right over.
I do intend on going back one more time to see if their breakfast is any better, but I won't get my hopes up.Keep in mind that Mugshot is a diner and does pretty well as far as breakfast goes. 
I've been here twice and both times have been beyond satisfactory. Eggs were flavorful and cooked a perfect over easy. Potatoes are cut au gratin style and are better than average. I've had the ham and bacon and both were good. 
The regular stack of pancakes were also very good. 
I've only had breakfast here but some of the other food looks pretty good as well. 
Put into perspective, Mugshot destroys Darling's for food quality and service but would never be my choice over the likes of a North Third, Standard Tap or Honey's.
Mugshot makes a nice addition to the Fishtown area.My boyfriend and I come here quite often - often enough for the servers to know our drink orders. The servers have always been friendly and attentive. Sure, if you're looking for a fancy meal, there are plenty of other places in the neighborhood, but if you're craving pancakes and bacon at 11PM, this is the place to come. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious, and their salads are extremely generous (as are most of their portions), and they always cook their scrapple PERFECTLY. And on top of that, it's only a short drive or bike ride away.
Also, the baked goods are fantastic. Really. Save room.Great service and delicious food! Everyone worked great as a team with a high sense of urgency to turn the tables quickly! Chris was awesome!I don't really like it here but my grandma LOVES it, so I have been here a few tomes. I ordered breakfast here and reveived a huge egg white omelet stuffed with veggies and cheese, it was pretty good, home fries were awful and barely cooked-I personally do not want to bite itno raw potato. Coffee was weak and burnt tasting.
I would avoid the breakfast and stick with the lunch items, grilled chicken wrap with avocado was decent tasting and safe. I have had a turkey reuben here which was pretty tasty. Fries are under done here.
There are so many good places to eat in the city I wouldn't come back here unless my grandma drags me back.Breakfast is the best part of my day especially when I can have my coffee at this diner. 
The food is typical of an  American diner. The staff is friendly and the service is great. 
The decor is entertaining as the walls are adorned with celebrity mug shots. 
Parking can be a challenge on peak hoursWaited for twenty minutes to be seated on a dead night. Never got seated. 4 people got seated ahead of me, I guess they are more important than me.  I would give zero stars but option not available.We went today for breakfast we got a bacon egg and cheese on a long roll and the creme brulee french toast with fruit everything we ate was great I have heard somne bad oppinnions about this place decided to try it out had no complaintsGreat for when you're craving some greasy and delicious diner food. Portions are also enormous!Went to Mugshots tonight after many times there. Midway through our meal a cockroach walked across our table to my friends plate so I had to kill it. Once I showed the manager, he was quiet, I think surprised I was not screaming about it but there wasn't much of an apology. I won't be advising anyone or myself to go back. I think this speaks about how cleanly this place is. For being in Fishtown on a Main Street I don't mind paying more for good quality and hygienic food. Unfortunately this is not.Great spot with awesome breakfast dishes. Portions are more than adequate. Food was so fresh ( breakfast sandwich roll tasted like it was baked within the last hour) and delicious. 
Breakfast meats cooked to perfection. Pancakes fluffy and light. Wow!  Our server Maureen was kind , to polite and generous with her time and attention. Comfortable seats, even nice plates!  GreAt decor.  Hit the spot!My Belgian waffle didn't have any fuckin pockets. It has some fuckin liberty bell bullshit instead of pockets. I like the pockets for puttin on syrup...sure it's a pain in the ass to put on butter, but i want my fuckin pockets and i didn't fuckin get any. Food was pretty good 4 starsWanted to try this place for a while, something new to the neighborhood. Overall it was a nice experience, the food was pretty basic, nothing special,  i got a cheeseburger and fries, and again nothing special, i make burgers than this.The menu's not that exciting. The waitress never really came around to refill our drinks. It was nothing special, so probably wont go back.I've been to the Mugshot Diner several times now, and while it does not have the "Americana" of a dining-car, nor the personality of an old school neighborhood diner, it serves the purpose of feeding you well, at reasonable cost. 
The place is a strange dichotomy. On the outside, it's an old warehouse / factory, that has been painted and polished just enough to be inviting. On the inside, the streams have been crossed, and the space-time continuum looks like a scene from a Star Wars movie... The inside of the place is a menagerie of 50's themes, combined with futuristic themes and lighting, combined with several art-deco shapes and colors...and yes, there are mugshots of people you will know, strewn about the place. It's weird...but good weird...and you're there because you're hungry, remember?
The menu is, for the most part, standard diner faire. You can get anything they make, any time you stop-in. The platters are plentiful in size, and every platter I've had (breakfast or dinner) has been well made. The staff has always been attentive, and you'll be full when you leave..without blowing a fortune.  The only thing this place needs is to be open 24/7, as the Aramingo Diner has left a quality diner void in Port Richmond & Fishtown. 
Enjoy. - tDiB. :-)It took me awhile to update this and I owe mugshots an apology for that. We waited several months and went back. The second experience was much better they definitely worked out the links of opening a new restaurant. Since then we have returned for many many meals and everything has improved by leaps and bounds. The service is great, food comes out in a fast to timely fashion and the orders are always correct. The breakfast portions are well worth their price and are delicious. They seem to have found their rhythm and it shows. I've changed my review to 5 stars as they are now on par with if not exceeding the service and quality of some of my favorite diners.I come here often and like the food. I recommend the pasta dishes here, all are very good. I do think that for the location the prices are a bit high tho. Would be nice to see a Groupon for this place! Also this place is BYOB for those that don't know.Came in on Christmas and our waitress was the equivalent of Cathy Bates in the movie Misery. We were actually afraid to ask for anything. I am in the food business and understand people aren't thrilled with working on Christmas however it's your job and one would think a little nice service would equal generous Christmas tip. Crazy.Let me tell you about my perfect morning. Say I have a doctors appointment or something that requires me to go into work later than usual. Well I do whatever that is and then go to Mugshot for the two eggs breakfast. It's the most basic of breakfast meals but I love it here. I dream about it. If I still live here when I retire I'll most likely make it habit. Wasting my entire 401K. So i sit and enjoy my coffee and eggs. Being a suburb kid by birth I have a natural affinity toward diners. 
If you're more interested in dinner at the diner the salads are super filling. These aren't dinky salads like the local bars are serving. These are hearty monsters that come with pitas. That's mostly what I get here. However I've had a few other dishes and all have been excellent. 
Also, back to breakfast, you gotta try the fruit parfait. It is awesome and once again it's not your average Starbucks, 6oz, non fat horse malarkey. It has texture and girth. There are meat on them bones. Better coffee than most diners. 
Anyway it upsets me to see that they only have 3 stars on here. I don't think they are being rated accurately. The wait staff is always super nice and helpful. It's decently priced. It's not too loud. It does have duct tape over some of the holes in the seats but I like that.I enjoyed my meal here, and I have to say that it's nice to have the option of a 24 hour diner-style restaurant in this area. It's on the edge of a town of foodie snobs and pretentious kids, so it doesn't surprise me that it's already getting 1-star reviews, but I got a simple patty melt and fries, and I couldn't have asked much more.I had that hard-as-hell to read sign staring at me for several months every time I passed by it. It's clean, new, and a nice alternative to the only other diner in the neighborhood. The first week it opened, of course I jumped at the chance to go like many others, but the mood quickly dropped from excitement to tallying how many things were going wrong. 
1. We sat for 20 minutes and had to flag down a waitress to get service. She was really sweet (I wish I remembered her name) and seemed just as frustrated at the diner's flow (or lack thereof) as we were. 
2. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, which ended up having no chicken. The waitress made the adjustment to the bill, but as you can see in my photo, it was only bare bone tortilla and cheese. For $8. Sour cream had to be requested, and I was told salsa and avocado/guac would be extra. Seriously??? I could get two or three of them at taco bell for that price, AND it would come with chicken. 
I understand that they just opened, but they REALLY need to get themselves together before we would ever consider coming back. Two saving graces - the manager did give us a pretty generous discount (~30%) on our bill because of the wait, which we added to the tip to the waitress. We really didn't wanna take it out on her, and she was really very sweet and tried to accommodate us as best as possible. 
I guess you could pass the time trying to guess all the celebrities' mugshots on the walls. Geez, Hollywood!I went here with a client and her mom. The food was ok, the restaurant was clean and our waitress was nice.The breakfast food is great. I'm not a fan of Angus beef, so I didn't like my bacon cheeseburger.  New overnight server is very nice and courteous. I will have to go back to try the other foods.