Delicious!!!!! The menu is simple: fried chicken, or fried chicken between bread (a fried chicken sandwich). Just a few sides to choose from; basically fries, coleslaw & pickles. Nevertheless, it's all soooooo good. The chicken's savory & crispy batter coats the juicy and tender meat to perfection (not even the breasts are dry). Served with your choice of sauce, and although they're all delectable, Foghorn's chicken doesn't require any condiments at all. It's clean, affordable, and the service is friendly anquick. Do yourself a favor & stop by soon.From a Southerner now in Manayunk this is excellent fried chicken; rivals (and beats most) anything the best Southern grandmother can cook up. The pepper honey and pickles are awesome too.I've visited Foghorn twice within the span of the week because their chicken is soooo delicious! It's cooked to order so you have to wait about 10 minutes to get it but it's totally worth the wait! I'm not crazy about their pickles and cole slaw (personal preference, I wouldn't hold it against them) but their fries are great! My only complaint would be about their counter staff and is the reason why I didn't rate this establishment 5 stars. The guy who took my order really didn't seem to care to be there. He was playing video games on his laptop between customers and when I got my food the sauces were missing. Of course I got take out and didn't realize until I got home. It would have been cool if he cared to check to make sure the order was correct. The chicken is enough to make me come back but I'll be checking my bag before I leave.I ordered take out 3-4 times now. First of all, the chicken is awesome. The sandwich is small for the price, but it is great. The fries are awesome and the portion is generous. My only complaint about Foghorn is the customer service. There is one worker who would rather watch TV or text then pay attention to the customers, and is cold on the phone and in person. I actually trekked to wishbone instead the last time I was craving fried chicken.I went in on a hunch and I want to say I was PLEASED. I ordered the 12 piece with the honey pepper dipping sauce. The chicken is seasoned with the bare essentials (salt, pepper, and maybe paprika) but that is all. My only complaint is that the sauces are the only thing that carries the flavor of the meal to another level. I will probably most likely return because the guy that took my order was very down to earth and thats what good customer service is all about.Bleh, the chicken lacks flavor and is a solid "c". Definitely don't go out of your way for itAwesome chicken. This place rocks. It is inexpensive, offers great portions, and the food tasty as hell. If the place sold alcohol I think it would be on fire, all the time. 
The variety of sauces is also great... So you can mix it up and try some different flavors. 
The one dude we talked to for a bit working here was super friendly.
I expect this place will do alright, even though it always seems empty when I pass it. 
Go eat there now.I've visited Foghorn twice within the span of the week because their chicken is soooo delicious! It's cooked to order so you have to wait about 10 minutes to get it but it's totally worth the wait! I'm not crazy about their pickles and cole slaw (personal preference, I wouldn't hold it against them) but their fries are great! My only complaint would be about their counter staff and is the reason why I didn't rate this establishment 5 stars. The guy who took my order really didn't seem to care to be there. He was playing video games on his laptop between customers and when I got my food the sauces were missing. Of course I got take out and didn't realize until I got home. It would have been cool if he cared to check to make sure the order was correct. The chicken is enough to make me come back but I'll be checking my bag before I leave...I ordered a chicken sandwich with the honey pepper sauce and a side of coleslaw. The chicken was very good and so filling. It was huge! I have never seen a piece of boneless chicken breast for a sandwich this large. The manager was very nice and attentive. The food came out quickly. They have a very simple menu, which you know has to be good if they just have a few things. They also have hand cut fries, which I would have ordered if I had someone to share them with. Check out the mural, its pretty funny. Chickens rowing a boat, and fishing. You have to check out what the chickens caught on the fishing line.We love the food here after recently moving out of town we still try to go back as much as possible. So just found out the took the buffalo chicken sandwich off the menu .... it's a chicken place with 4 things on the menu the last time I was here  why take items away it's simply silly. Then when we called and ordered and customer service was just miserableThe food was good. My order came out super fast! The fried chicken was crispy and not over seasoned. The coleslaw was aight but the chili lime sauce was a good compliment to the chicken. Give this place a try! #goodchickenFirst time for everything, since I'm some what turning into a foodie, I had the 10 pc and 4 side sauces and the shrimp just to do a sample try , it was all surprisingly good being as though I don't like anything lol . The prices were good ! Chicken was fried well not greasy as well got shrimp my favorite sauces were the ranch and honey pepper will definitely be backHands down best chicken sandwich in Philly. Crispy on the outside super moist in the inside. Did like the old style fries they had better. Homestyle single fried that carmel brown... Meh, personal preference, the sandwich still rocks.This place is the REAL DEAL! The menu is simple, fried chicken, fried shrimp, fried cod, homemade coleslaw, pickles and fresh cut fries with an array of sauces. However, the food is anything but simple. EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS! The space is clean and inviting and everyone I've encountered was super friendly! Not to mention they even carry my favorite beverage, Coke Zero (you can't find it everywhere). You have GOT TO eat here! You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't.Artfully prepared fried chicken and quick eats. Great prices, fun (hip) ambiance, and quick service. This is a great addition to East Falls with a ton of room to grow. Also, take out seems to be very popular, however, we decided to eat-in and were very satisfied. All the tables were full, so I could see them expanding the eat-in options as well. BYOB until further notice. 
Arguably the best fried chicken I've had. Clearly they use quality meat and the fried quality was just right it. The hand-cut fries were perfectly crispy and not greasy. The pickles were farmers market quality.
This could become a hot spot in Philly. Check it out if your on a bike ride around the loop or want to try something different in the East Falls, Manyunk, or Germantown neighborhoods. I would also recommend this for feeding several people.A nice little spot. I got the fried chicken. The ranch dip was flavorful. The service was quick. (takeout). The chicken was good, though I've had better. But it did the trick. I would return.'ey. Y'all been seeing that trend of folk serving chicken wings that are on the skinny, poor, pitiful side? You know what I'm talking about. You get what you think is a full order but then you open up the box and you're like, nah, I didn't order niblet nuggets?!
Well, next time order your wings from Foghorn so you can stop being disappointed. As soon as the sweet young fella workin' that day handed me my bag to-go I knew there was something special in that box. But when I opened it up ten minutes later all piping hot, I did a little cabbage patch dance in my seat. 'Scuse my English, but these is wangs. And for a really solid, good price too.
Fried hard and crispy like I'd expect my grandma or great uncle to break 'em off. Not Korean style (which is an art form all unto itself), these are just what I imagine when someone says chicken wings. Fit in the palm of my hand, evenly seasoned and fried to perfection and just damn succulent. I bit into a flat and had to bib up. 
Like every Super Bowl party that ever shall be should have these on endless platters.
The sauces are homemade and they taste like it. I love and so deeply 'preciate the fact that they come on the side. You'll be glad too. Wait and see. You'll try them and then we'll be like, when I dip you dip we dip! You go get yours 'cause I got mine ...
Anyway, I could taste the herbs in my herby ranch, and someone hand chopped them in there for me. The buffalo had just the right kick and twang. The black pepper honey was my favorite--flavorful and the way the pepper and honey cloaked the seasoned wings was just a beautiful medley. Like Peabo Bryson and Celine Dion doing a duet. Ever just the same. Ever a surprise.
The bleu cheese, which is normally my go-to, was just okay for me, but everything else - including those handcut fries! - was the true embodiment of finger lickin' good.Always good! Love the sauces and chicken but still have yet to try the shrimp. Keep saying I will, but the five stars come with service these guys waited around 20 mins after close for my grub hub driver who was late. Much appreciated!Incredible fried chicken-the ranch sauce was a great accompaniment and I loved how the chicken wasn't greasy. For four people one and a half buckets, a sandwich, and an order of fries was the perfect amount of food.Excited to see this place open in the neighborhood.  
Ordered some take out for lunch, the service was great and it took no time for the food to be ready.  The chicken is awesome, has great flavor, very moist with a really nice crispy and flavorful breading.  The chicken sandwich was also great, a giant sized piece of chicken.  The side dipping sauces are good and the house pickles are also good.  The only negative was that out of the 4 orders of a half chicken (5 pieces), the sizes and types in the different orders were very inconsistent.  One order had very small parts and another had huge parts.They deserve 5+ stars.  Every piece of chicken is tender and juicy right down to the breast meat.  I'm not a fan of the coleslaw but it's not bad.  The pickles are delicious and fresh.  The sauces are full of flavor with my favorite being the black pepper honey.  The fries are addictive.  I would like them to add some mac and cheese or greens to the menu but hey what's on the menu is delicious!Exceptionally delicious fried chicken. Really great, simple menu. The chicken is wonderful and the coleslaw is . Nice, relaxed environment. Good place to bring the family. It's a great addition to the neighborhood!Excellent fried chicken...and that is all they serve.  Plus fries and cole slaw.  They make their own pickle slices which are fantastic.  I love fried chicken and have experimented with a dozen different recipes.  This place makes the best commercial fried chicken in the city.  I look forward to a bit more breadth in the menu and possibly a spicy version as well.Finally decided on a Sunday night to get some take out from here.  Very simplistic menu...fried chicken.  Thy also have a code sandwich but that's about it.  Sides are cole slaw, pickles and French fries.
Got the chicken sandwich, 5 piece fried chicken and an order of fries.  Fries were old school boardwalk style with the skins on them.  A bit soggy but still good nonetheless.  
The fried chicken came out quick.  Within 10 minute of my online order so I new I had to get there fast.  The 11 minute drive home took longer than to make it.  
The 5 piece was what's up!  The sandwich was a good but there are better options for $9 in this town that comes with fries.  In retrospect should have gotten the wings or another 5 piece or even the tenders.  
I will say the dipping sauces stole the show.  We ordered 4: buffalo, black honey, honey Dijon and bbq chipotle.  They were all amazing wish I had more.We just got wings for the game from here and they where banging !! So quick and so tasty! The pickles where awesome too!! Will order again for sure. Can't wait to try the rest of the food!Foghorn is an excellent new addition to East Falls!  The chicken sandwich is by far my favorite.  Similar in style to the addictive Chick-Fil-A Sandwich, but WAAAYYY better!  Foghorn's food is always super fast.  The pickles are homemade and excellent.  I love the slaw also because it's not very heavy on the dressing.  Great food, fast service, A+.Foghorn is really really good. Let me tell you.
I'm a big fan of a fried chicken sandwich, and give the option for pepper honey and pickles high praise. The fries also compliment the chicken sandwich quite well. 
I haven't dined-in yet, but I probably will. There's a table at the front that sits by the windows that open to the street, if you're into that sort of thing. You get the feeling of wanting something more when you're there. Something a little more lively to make it all come together!
There is an upstairs, and there are plans to do something with it! Though not sure what, just yet! 
Either way, I will continue to come here, because I get cravings. And nothing satisfies those cravings like a hot 'n crispy chicken sandwich from Foghorn.Ordered take out. Literally the entire order was wrong. Ordered a chicken sandwich and a fish sandwich. Got 2 chicken sandwiches instead. Ordered fries, didn't get them. Also chicken sandwich used to come with mayo and pickles. It was literally just chicken and a roll now. Also didn't get any of sides that were supposed to come with the meal.You cannot judge a book by its chicken, and boooooyyyyy is it good chicken!
However! Most of the times I go to pick up my order I see a guy on the staff watching Netflix and acting unprofessional. Now, I am not one to give a one star rating for the occasional laziness but this guy is past that. He seriously could give less of a crap about anything. Idk if he screws up the orders but consistently things have gone wrong like when I ordered wings with blue cheese and buffalo sauce only to get a order of a half chicken with just ranch. This occurs...constantly. 
Get your shit together, Foghorns. I told all my friends and they agree with me. I'd rather go to KFC and get exactly what I want then waste my money at an establishment that does not care at all. KFC could care less also but at least they care a little.Absolutely rock solid fried chicken. The chicken is heavily breaded and fried to perfection. Insides were juicy and hot. I tried all four sauces and the only one I did not like was the honey based one as it tasted like pure honey. The ranch and Chipotle BBQ were my favorites. The coleslaw was interesting as it had a bit of spice to it. The fries were excellent as well. 
Inside is large with lots of seating but they also do take out which is what I did for lunch. Prices are reasonable as the fries are big enough to easily share. 
I do think they need to add a grilled option at some point though. I like that the menu is simple but I think a grilled chicken option would be the obvious addition. 
I'm sure I'll be back many times.Got the sandwich. Crispy, juicy chicken. Good sauce (chipotle BBQ) and pickles. Fries good too.I thought the chicken was delicious! I'm hoping they expand the menu a bit once they get situated. It's pretty limited right now. I would be great if they had more variety in beverages as well. They only have soda and bottled water. The water was not on display and I didn't know they served it until after I placed my order.
** just found out its BYOBPretty solid chicken, the breading is well seasoned and has a nice crunch to it.  The fries were good, but could have used a touch of salt right after coming out of the fryer. It would be great if they had an option to get just wings like the well known chicken and donut restaurant closer to center city. My only knock against this place would be that I found some chicken skin still attached under the breading of the thigh in my order. Overall a solid addition to East Falls and I will definitely be going back.This is perfectly passable fried chicken. OK - The boneless chicken in my 5-piece order was actually very good. The breading was light and crunchy, and the meat was succulent. The wing was also quite tasty with great texture. Things got a little weird with the drumstick and the breast. Neither of these had rendered skin, which resulted in breading/batter that separated from the skin. The semi-rendered skin beneath was a little nauseating, and I was glad I had the boneless pieces and the wing first, otherwise I don't think I would have gotten too far in this meal. 
Honestly, the house-made pickles were my favorite part of the order. As for sauces, skip the buffalo. It offers very little heat and is oddly a little sweet. I think if there was an option to order a boneless-only meal (like the chicken sandwich), but the weird unrendered skin issue is still giving me the creeps.We stopped here a half hour before closing tonight after a day trip to the shore. Husband has been waiting for it to open and persuaded our 13, 12, & 10 year olds to skip the normal cheesesteak quick order to try this new fried chicken joint. We were not disappointed. Wait time was minimal and the food was really delicious. We went whole chicken, order of fries, cole slaw, pickles and 5 drinks. A very reasonably priced dinner for 5 people.  Not 1 kid complaint. I agree with other reviewers that a little more sauce is necessary. You get 2 sauces with a whole chicken but they are tiny cups. The homemade herbed ranch was so good, I could've used a whole cup! We were very happy with this meal and will be back for sure.Went here last week for dinner. We ordered pick up and the chicken was cooked perfectly. The sandwich was one of the best I have ever had very juicy. My wife fell in love with the Pickles she said 10/10!Chill place right across from Firehouse. Crispy crunchy juicy chicken. That's all they do! No liquor but solid $1 for soda and water. Fast service, cable on the tv with old school Motown and 50's. French fries were great too! Boardwalk style. Chill cashier and will return. If only they sold liquor or BYOB it would be the perfect chicken spot.So when I called the guy sounded tired and just not excited about life. So when I went to pick them up he must of been the owner because he looked the part but it must be because he's opening to close the place. I don't mind his attitude though because the wings were so good! I ordered them dry and crispy and the wings stand alone they have their own seasoning which is nice compared to other places. Both the pepper honey and Herb Ranch were very good flavorful I was ultimately surprised and impressed.This was a total random stop in West philly but highly recommended if you are in a mood for some great quality fried chicken , this is not your typical "chicken spot".I can say that I come at least twice a month to enjoy a ten piece and fries with some Sassy Buffalo or Honey Dijon sauceDelicious!! Whenever you're looking for some wings go there! They're blue cheese and black pepper honey are both great with wings! Homemade pickles are great too, and with a side of fries it's a perfect meal!Delicious chicken that is rich and savory. The fries are perfectly cooked, the sauces pair well and the tangy pickles top it all off. Worth the trip out of your way for a culinary delight!What a disappointment!  Based on the reviews we expected some really good fried chicken.  Instead we got small, dry, unidentifiable pieces that didn't even add up to half of a chicken.  The Acme in Mount Airy has far, far better fried chicken!Great addition to the neighborhood.  Picked up dinner there a few weeks back.  Two things stood out:  menu is simple and prices are extremely fair.  It also doesn't hurt when the chicken is good.  What does it compare to?  Not sure.  There aren't many non-chain fried chicken joints out there, and this is way better.  Will be back soon, probably tonight.It's my wife's birthday and she had Foghorn on her "to try" list for a while.
So we head off and get this lady her chicken.
First good sign, super easy to find and we found a spot out front.
Next good sign after the very friendly guy took our order our food came out.
I first tried the most perfect looking wing, sure it looked good but the breading and
seasonings were so perfect. The meat was super moist.
I tore into a piece from the half chicken,it was moist & flavorful. I tasted a difference
in breading and asked the guy, the wings use a eggless batter while the other uses a egg batter. Also the half chicken gets double coated. I was surprised of how much I loved the wings, for me it's tough to find a perfect specimen. Found it I did. We chose to have the sauces on the side. I like to taste the chicken on it's own first. Plus I can dip it between all the sauces.
They make the slaw and pickles in house and both were very tasty. I usually only like
dill pickles, but the slight sweetness of the pickle was perfect.
Fries,as simple as they are can be messed up so easily. Not here. Crunchy and fluffy inside. Salted to a balance of perfection. My only regret was not coming here long ago
when the wife first spotted it, well CLUCK ME. We will most certainly be back real soon.
I really can't think of a better fried chicken. Thanks Foghorn I really enjoyed eating your
bird.
8/20/17 UPDATE
They added new items to the menu so we needed to stop back.
Got the wings again of course and still outstanding. 
But the new tenders really were a big surprise. Thick and moist with the 
outstanding breading. Loved them just as much as the wings.
The shrimp were good but not as impressive as I hoped.
Still love it here and will continue to come backGreat food and service is always fast. Atmosphere has always been chill every time I've been here and there's always plenty of seats available.This place is a little gem! Tried it for the first time and I've been dreaming about those homemade pickles ever since. The fried chicken wings (which are wing dings, not whole wings) were perfectly cooked. The ranch sauce was good, the pepper/honey sauce wasn't my favorite but still okay. The pickles, so so so good. I also had French fries that were also, perfectly cooked and seasoned. This place is worth the trip and the money.Straightforward. To The Point. No BS. Great stuff. Great food. All around served perfectly. Love this joint.I'm so glad this place opened in East Falls, because I think the area needs more legit restaurant offerings. Chicken is solid and homemade pickles are delicious. They just added Nashville style hot chicken to the menu, which I was really excited about, but unfortunately I didn't find it to actually be that hot. Not the burn-your-mouth hot that you crave with hot chicken. Hopefully they improve there, but other than that, it's a great spot!I'd say more along the lines of 3.5. I'm no fried chicken connoisseur, and I don't crave it like most normal humans, but when the bestie is hankering for it.. off on our night ride we go ‍ 
The place itself is cool, and I like that the menu is simple, but I found the pieces to be a little small. I never quite got that chunk of breast I was hoping for. They for sure pull through on the crunch factor, but some spots seemed just too oily. I'm pretty sure that happens if you don't fry them quick enough. But like I said. I don't exactly know the science behind this cuisine. 
I also was not a fan of the black pepper honey sauce. Waay too thick and sweet. The herby ranch wasn't too bad though. Also.. I hate sweet pickles. And these I would definitely categorize as such.. but I loved them. The side order was a decent amount, and they cut them pretty thin. Which just lead to me slowly munching them all away. I would pass on the coleslaw though.. unless you're really into mayo. 
So overall I probably wouldn't be back on my own terms, but if someone else was craving it, it's still a decent stop.Me and my wife went to check this place out after passing it so many times. When we went in the woman behind the counter was super friendly and explained to us the menu since it was our first time there. 
We decided to split an order of wings and a large fry. You get two sauces with the wings. I ordered for 6 of them the Mabel Sassy BBQ and it was spicy, but delicious. My wife got the chipotle flavor and she loved it. The wings had just the right amount of sauce and breading and were so crunchy, but moist. 
The fries were hand cut and they used sea salt to salt it with. For one order of wings, one large fry, water, and soda it was less than $20. 
We are totally looking forward to going back again.Got a take out order of half n whole chicken. Had the herby ranch, chipotle BBQ and honey Dijon dips. All were amazing. Had the coleslaw which was delicious. The house made pickles were not my favorite only because I do not like sweet (bread n butter) pickles. The chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever had! All that ate it (about 6 of us) agreed. So tender. Very juicy. Crunchy. This was also more of a snack for us at work. 
Highly recommend you go there to eat!I had a sandwich from here for lunch it was delicious. Walked right in around 2, the place was empty and clean, food took about 10 minutes. I got the chicken sandwich with black pepper honey sauce and asked for my pickles on the side, seriously enjoyed it. I will definitely be back. Idk why people are complaining about the staff there, why do you people go to restaurants to be friends with the staff? Just get your food and go on with your life. If you dont like their attitude, don't go back.I finally got a chance to stop at Foghorn after numerous times of riding by. I was quickly disturbed by the counter persons unfriendly attitude. I picked up the menu and only saw half & whole chickens along with the sides and sauces. I asked were these wings because it had 5 or 10 pieces and was told no there half or whole chickens. I ordered the half chicken with fries and paid despite his unsavory attitude. I sat at the bar waiting for my order when I noticed a sign that said "finally we have wings".Shocked that he did not offer this information,I ordered the wings also. Upon getting back to work I realized my fries were not in the bag but was not to disappointed because I was not charged for them. It's a shame that the customer service will keep me out this establishment because the food is actually good.Best fried chicken. Just. Omg. Also if you can grab freshly fried fries too, omg. Foodgasm. 
The skin is very crunchy and not too thick. Always comes out fresh out of the frier. The meat is so juicy that when you first bite into the meat, you might notice the juice trickle down corner of your mouth. 
The sauces in general are all good except black pepper honey. That one is just...plain honey that's been peppered. Fave is green chili sauce that's new. Runner up would be honey mustard or chipotle bbq.
The whole chicken can prob feed 3-4 girls or 2 guys. 
The chicken sandwich is also amazing with soft buns and thick cut of battered chicken breast.I discovered this place by searching for places to eat around my new job. I called to place an order and whoever answers the phone had a really nasty attitude. I felt as if I was bothering him. Against my better judgment I continued placing the order. When i went to pick it up the same attitude I received over the phone, i received in person. The guy damn near snatched my money out of my hand, I got no smile, no enjoy your food, no thanks for coming. When giving me my change he dropped my receipt and kept walking.The chicken is literally ok. Its not worth dealing with the cashiers attitude over the phone or in person. If you hate your job get another one.Crispy chicken perfection, really the only 3 words you need to hear. Drizzle it with some of their pepper honey or herby ranch and you've got an explosive amount of flavor. Do try the sandwich and the fried chicken they're both more than worth it!! Also the coleslaw was some of the best I've ever had (and I've spent a lot of time in the south)Decided to try after seeing it profiled on Philly FYI, a local program focused on local merchants. Really enjoyed the fried chicken and french fries, and honey pepper dipping sauce to accompany both. Not as taken with the pickles or fried chicken sandwich. Overall, well worth the trip for fried chicken!Literally the BEST fried chicken I have ever had. The fries were perfect and the pickles were perfect. I did have to drive back for my coleslaw that was forgotten which is why I only gave 4 stars but it was worth it. Absolutely delicious.Went there for first time to see what they hype was about. The chicken to me was just okay. I had better. This is my opinion. For people saying its the best probably never been to real soul food places.  The Cole slaw I didn't like. They honey sauce and barbeque sauce was Um ....anyway.....I gave it a try....probably won't be backFried chicken go-to with several succulent sauces to choose from. 
This review has been waiting. Seriously. Love this fried chicken! Coming from the midwest, they do fried chicken right. We get the whole chicken every time and between the two of us we have leftovers. Our go-to order is the whole chicken, french fries, coleslaw and pickles with chipotle BBQ and ranch sauces on the side. The chicken comes out both crispy and moist every time. The fries are salty and crunchy. And I loooove the pickles. Both the coleslaw and pickles are handmade. Maybe even the sauces. 
Next time: who am I kidding. I'll be ordering the usual!This place really know what they're doing and they do the chicken right lol. The outside was crispy and not greasy at all. Some spices arouse special aroma. Inside was tender with just right amount. Just make sure to ask for your side and sauce otherwise the staff won't even bother to ask lol. They'll simply give you what's best. Definitely will come back.I had really enjoyed the flavor and texture of the fried chicken. My friend had tried the chicken sandwich and he stated it was delicious. I would recommend the ranch sauce and pickles as a side. Fries were good as well.The chicken...the aroma...omg. This place doesn't look like much from the outside or in but it being featured on Philly.com had me make a special trip out there to try it. I've had KeVen Parkers soul food, federal donuts, and more so-called best of Philly fried chicken but this one take the cake. I bought a whole chicken for $19 for 10 pieces (they cut the breasts in half) to take to a concert at the Mann Center and picnic on the lawn. Amazing. Even though it was chilled by the time I got to eat it (note-bought a few hrs in advance and put it in a cooler) it was still incredible. The crunch was fantastic and full of flavor. The chicken itself was moist and juicy. Not my favorite kind of pickle but they are tasty and homemade. I got the black pepper honey sauce which was incredible. Cannot wait to go back and try the chicken sandwich.Do you like fried chicken?!
Go to this place.
Bring beer. 
Eat the fried chicken.
It's perfect.
Put the pepper-y honey on it. Or don't. I don't know your life.I got the chicken sandwich with Hot sauce. The sauce was really good and the chicken was crispy. Can't ask for much more than that. I placed my order to go and it seemed like I was interrupting the guy that was working that day and he couldn't wait to get back to whatever it was he was doing before I walked in to the place.oh my...i'm writing this as i finish my sandwich and fries...so full...and ready for a nap. too bad i'm at work so i'll have to get some caffeine into my system asap instead!
i've been wanting to try this spot near work since it opened months ago. some of my colleagues have given it a try and rave about it. now...i am usually not a huge fan of chicken sandwiches but this is what everyone recommended so i took their advice. 
the fried chicken was fat and juicy. came with some mayo and looks like homemade pickles? on a potato roll. you have the option of sauces on the side. i got the black pepper honey sauce that was very yummy but i think i'll try the chipotle bbq next time around. they also included a side of their pickles which was a pleasant surprise and they are oh so delicious. 
at $4, the portion of fries you get is huge...but they were just ok - not terrible, but also not great.
parking can be a hit or miss and the guy behind the counter could have been a little friendlier but whatever. their fried chicken is delicious enough that i will return...and as a customer service snob, you KNOW the food has to be pretty amazing for me to go back when customer service is meh. 
definitely recommend it!Not of lot of advertising, i just happened to be walking by...bright and colorful interior...a counter and some stools...tables and chairs as well...quiet inside...chicken order came out so quickly i thought possibly it had already been cooked...but it was hot and tasty...i had ordered a half chicken and it seemed more roasted than fried but still had some crispiness to it and a tasty flavor...great pickles, Cole slaw...even ordered some fries...lots of soft drink items to choose from..i don't drink soda pop but if you do there are some treats in store....
when i warmed the take home chicken the next day it still had a great flavor....Fresh and yummy! French fries are the best! I'd love to see another item on the menu in the future... chicken nuggets or strips.Tried this place for the 1st time tonight we ordered a couple of sandwiches and a 1/2 chicken and fries.Everything was awesome service was great and fast. We will definitely be back.I have ordered from Foghorn a few times and been pleased with my meals.
We have only ever picked up- but the orders have always been ready within 10 minutes. 
We usually order the half chicken, and between two people, it is more than enough food. The chicken is very juicy and the skin is very crispy. The sauces are also very good.
We did order the fries once, but they were soggy by the time we got them home- this is not really the fault of Foghorn's, but the bags sweat heavily.Fantastic!!!! Quick delivery (on a Friday night) Great Food. That Pepper honey sauce is phenomenal!!!! Definitely will be reordering from them!Yummy food, hot and fresh, just a tad in the expensive side. Not the larger menu selection but what they do have is delicious.For the price, the quantity of food wasn't bad however the quality of the chicken was greatly lacking. The breading was too hard and didn't have flavor... they seem to rely on their sauces to flavor the chicken.The service was super quick which is already a plus. First the chicken it's seasoned nicely whatever their batter is it works. The sauces are great,I would def recommend this place and i will come back again.The chicken and the sauces are delicious. The pickles are pretty bombdigity too! Very tasty and flavorful. We always order take out. I highly recommend.We have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this place. We love In Riva, so we had high hopes for their sister restaurant. We were at a small get-together in East Falls and everyone was hungry. So, I suggested we try this place out. We called in our order for pick up. The service was great - we didn't really know how much to get or what to order, but the employees really helped us out with figuring that out. We ordered 2 whole chickens, a few orders of fries, coleslaw, and pickles. 
The chicken was very juicy and tender on the inside and crispy on the outside. Some pieces were boneless, which was a great surprise! The fries were the perfect texture and were seasoned well. The pickles were absolutely delicious - they had the perfect amount of vinegar. The variety of sauce was great - there was pretty much a sauce for everyone. My only critique would be that we needed more sauce for the amount of chicken that we ordered. The coleslaw was the only thing I wasn't a fan of. I am picky with my coleslaw and prefer more of a vinegar based slaw. Overall, I am ecstatic that we now have a great fried chicken place in the neighborhood. I will definitely be back!There's a new option for fried chicken in northwest Philadelphia.  Foghorn on Ridge Avenue in East Falls is conveniently located right off of the Kelly Drive.  This chicken establishment from the owners of In Riva Restaurant just about a half mile down the road is bright and cheery.  I especially liked the mural inside.  Now for the chicken I def found it tasty although different from Korean chicken which has become my favorite.  This is a thick-coated chicken which helps keep the meat moist inside.  I would like a little more flavor with my chicken - some more seasoning perhaps in the batter for the coating.  But still Foghorn and its friendly staff are a welcome addition to East Falls.  The next time you're biking along the Schuylkill, this place is a good stop for a bite to eat.Foghorn is probably Philly's best kept secret when it comes to fried chicken. Their chicken is super crisp and well seasoned. All the sauces are amazing (black pepper honey I'm looking at you) and don't forget about their pickles. Everything they have is delicious, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu! Pro tip: Foghorn is BYOB!A miracle - non greasy fried chicken. The batter was crisp when hot, crisp after an hour's drive, and crisp after some time in the fridge.  The chicken itself was meaty and very fresh tasting.  Excellent coleslaw too.  Real thought and quality control have gone into this place, which is very clean and orderly. Fair pricing, especially considering the quality.Not so good. I had high hopes but the chicken breading was too thick and too hard. You should be able to eat the chicken with the skin in the same bite but instead the breading breaks off because it's so hard