Went here for lunch to just sit outside and enjoy the sunshine while getting some work done. The pulled pork sandwich was very good, just sloppy, saucy and spicy enough for my liking. Served with a brioche bun and some very greasy fries. A solid choice for lunch and great with a Kensinger. 
Two stars though, due to terribly inattentive service. It's 94 degrees outside, shouldn't you bring out some water? Hoping I just came at a bad time; this seems like a decent corner bar.! Came by with friends after they ran the Broad Street run and it was packed! Great food for a bar and had an enjoyable bacon bloody mary!Bar nice , great bar food great place if ur looking for a bar reastruant atmosphere !!
I haven't been there recently but I'm actually craving there fries !! Maybe I will go for lunch this week !! Or one day this week !!Nice neighborhood pub.  I like the outdoor seating.  The server was attentive and took care of us.  I like how they have crayons and coloring sheets for kids, family-friendly restaurant.  My only complaint is the burger is small.  It's fine for me, but a snack not a meal for my husband.As far as local sports bars go, this is on my short list of places I actually enjoy attending during sporting events.  Their wings are fantastic, French fries are wonderful, service is exactly what you need - efficient and keeps your drinks full.  Great specials during the game and its just a fantastic time.  The crowd has a great energy and its small so you wind up chatting with your neighbors.always had good meals here. the wings, mac and cheese, and chicken tenders were all notable. service pretty good.Excellent bar food. The burgers were solid and the pulled pork was fantastic. They should bottle their BBQ sauce. It's not thick and has a nice spicy kick to it. Nothing overbearing, just enough for good added flavor. The fries were also really good. They were perfectly fried, had some nice firmness and they still had some skin on them (i love that!). The wings and hummus plate were also decent. Oh, did i mention they have good beers on tap and the prices are reasonable? This placed nailed it as a bar!Went here on Thursday for the first time.  I've lived nearby for upwards of 7 years now, and for whatever reason, I just never made it here!  No idea what the disconnect was... but we put it on our list and got there!  We sat outside and made conversation with lots of people who lived nearby.  At one point my neighbor actually came up.  I literally wave to this guy every day... and have never formally introduced myself.  For Petes Sake!!!  
The first thing I noticed is that their happy hour is spectacular, and it covers times when real people with real jobs are actually looking for a drink... not that 4p-6p BS.  The service was really really nice and helpful and prompt.  I was really pleased with our waitress.  We started off with 2x Deviled Eggs with Wasabi and sesame seeds.  They were pretty unique.  I'm glad i had them... but 1 was plenty for me.  My boyfriend agreed.  We were warned that it was a bit of an experament and that we'd feel that way.  For my dinner, I was torn between the spinach/mushroom quesedilla or the veggie wrap.  The waitress recomended the veggie wrap so i went for it.  The boyfriend went fish and chips.  Both of us agreed that our food was good.  Enjoyable... but not phenomenal.  Decent, fine... 
We'll definitly be back to 'For Petes Sake' in the near future.  We had a blast talking to all of the fun people in the neighborhood, and taking advantage of the drink specials (though the draught list is limited... as most of the beers were pretty similar...) and having a bite.  It's a great lil neighborhood spot... but not exactly the gastropubs you see around these days.Nacho, and chicken quesadillas.... Yum. Service is nice friendly bartenders.I have brunch at the bar often, and stopped in for dinner a couple times as well. The service is great, and the food is solid. The bar has a fun, neighborhood atmosphere!It's For Pete's Sake... 'Nuff said. This place is awesome. Great service and great food.The name of this bar alone has allowed plenty of honest exits from situations I'd like to avoid.  It is perfectly situated between by beau's mom's house and his best friend's that usually has the vibe and composition of a freshmen sorority party.  Needless to say a frosty brew is in order when I visit Philly.  Sneaking to the door the "where are you going?" inquiry rings out.  My reply?  "For petes sake, I'm taking a walk."  I have honestly conveyed where I am going in a way that masks my intentions---PERFECT!
Once I arrive the bartenders have always been friendly, my brew is ice cold (and refilled with a sense of urgency I have come to enjoy), and the music is usually tolerable.  I avoid this joint on weekend nights because apparently I am not the only one who thinks this is a great oasis in a neighborhood that seems to lack such options.  Thanks For Pete's Sake for allowing me to escape endless awkward/annoying moments everytime I'm in town.I think everyone in the neighborhood is happy for this hot-spot. Your somewhat typical Irish bar, located in a convenient location for walkers, this spot always seems to be busy. 
They have basic outdoor seating with a view of a fairly busy intersection. The menu is made up of salads, sandwiches, burgers, and entrees all between $10-$20 dollar mark. They do keep a dozen or so drafts on tap for quenching your thirst, all in the $4-$8 dollar mark. I personally think their menu leaves a bit to be desired with some healthier options. And their service is good, but not spectacular. If in the area, I would recommend this place. If you're more than a .5 mile walk, chances are there is a place just like this or better near you.Ok, first off, they have the best potato soup. It's a must no matter what time of the year it is.  The staff is always super friendly and quick.  There happy hour special is always packed but good time to go.  I think the chicken tenders are $5.  Oh, and I really like their chicken tenders because they are freshly made, not frozen.  I also like their french fries because they are tasty.  Their airliner chicken is one of the best meals and a definite must try. I am not a drinker so I can't really comment on their beer selection. I have been going to For Pete's Sake for years and they are consistently good.This is one of our go-to places, especially when the weather is warm and we can sit outside (it gets quite noisy inside). Nice selection of beers, and the food is very good.
They have a dish that is called Airline Chicken (or something very similar) which my husband gets every time we go there. He can't seem to get enough of it.
I try to mix it up a bit, but the Cubano and their burgers are so luscious that I often find myself ordering them even though the specials for that day sound tempting.
But we've been here with friends and they have all enjoyed the food they've ordered.
And when we bring our King Charles Spaniel he can sit quietly on one of the outside chairs and enjoy a french fry or two while the staff scratches his head.
Great soups, nice salad. Yummy desserts.I came with a group of friends for brunch, and it was great. I loved the cute little pub atmosphere. I had their seasonal French toast- it was apple cinnamon, and it was delicious. The toast itself was cooked perfectly, and the sweet apples and cinnamon on top- the icing on the cake. The food was great, the service was quick, and the prices were reasonable. I hear they have a fun quizzo night I'd like to try next time!Great food and good drinks. We had the turkey burger, gyro, and wings. The blue cheese for the wings was the best we ever had. All were delicious. The prices are a little high but it is worth it for the quality of food.  The waitress was very polite as well. The outside seating was very pleasant. I will definitely come here again to try the hummus and the house burger.This place was AWESOME.  My boyfriend and I weren't sure we wanted to go in at first as we had on business attire and this place is obviously VERY neighborhood-y, but we thought, what the heck.  I'm SO glad we did.  He started with a bacon bloody mary which was PHENOM and I had a Double Chocolate Stout.  Their beer list and drink list were awesome.  We went in for Brunch.  We got a potato pancake drenched in shepherds pie filling, with two poached eggs on top.  AMAZING.  Next time we are in Queen's Village we are DEFINITELY coming back :-)Small, but a good beer selection. Havent had a chance to try the food yet but I've heard good things.Very good sweet potato fries! Couldn't taste the vodka in my vodka soda, so stick to beer!I recently came here for Sunday brunch with my partner and my parents. The food is fine- nothing special, but nothing wrong with it. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was quite good, and my mom liked her breakfast burritos. The servers were really nice. The issue is that this place really needs a facelift. It's incredibly cramped inside, and it feels akward sitting so close to the other diners. It's incredibly dark and gloomy, and it just feels like the place has no personality. It's just another depressing American attempt to create an Irish pub, but really it's just a very forgettable wannabe version of a pub. There was nothing super objectionable about this place, it's just that of all the places you could go in Philly, this isn't somewhere I'd bother to go again.One of my favorite bars.  Friendly staff, cold beer, and usually a limited number of regulars are mutants.  Some of the best bar food around.  the cheesefries are my favorite in the city and the burgers are in my top 5 of all time.  Their daily specials are gourmet in nature.  Things you would not expect to find in a bar and everyone i have tried has been pleasing.  A neighborhood bar with class.I had dinner here with my roommate and a friend while I was visiting Philly to look at apartments before I moved. The service was attentive and everything came out pretty quickly, which was good because we had a concert to go to and didn't have a ton of time.
I chose the Cuban (you can never go wrong with a Cuban!) and it was very good. It had the typical ham, Swiss cheese, and pickles, plus the delicious addition of jalapenos and a great dijonnaise. The sandwich came with fries which were also good.
My friends seemed satisfied with their entrees as well, and the beer selection was solid with a good amount of variety. I live pretty close to here now, so I'm sure I'll be back!I went here on a Sunday night with two of my friends.  The food was pretty good, I've had better from them.  My friends and I ordered the nachos (without meat), a ceasar salad, and the salmon and polenta fries special.  The nachos were ok, they were wicked greasy.  My one friend said the salad was good, and my other friend thought that polenta fries were good but the salmon was not.  I could smell the salmon, it was definitely fishy which means not fresh.  He paid way too much for that fish not be fresh, and to be of such a small portion size. 
I'm giving For Pete's Sake 4 stars because their service is pretty damn good, especially for a Sunday night.  The staff is always friendly.  They didn't kick us out for lingering after our meal.  They also sell Chimay and other delicious beer.  
In the summer, they do have outside seating which is nice.  I also recommend the tomato and mozzarella salad, it's delish.One of my best friends used to bring her out of town fiancee straight from the airport here for his first meal after he arrived from Alabama. As she put it, "They have the best chicken salad anywhere." They called off their wedding and she has since married someone else, but one thing remains consistent: the chicken salad at For Pete's Sake is amazing. Also amazing? The house salad - which sounds boring, but is wonderfully tossed with apple slices, walnuts and some awesome dressing. I added a grilled chicken breast to mine yesterday and started with a cup of chipotle tomato soup. My husband had the steak sandwich and the bacon bloody Mary. He was in heaven. This place is cozy, the prices are reasonable and we can walk! Can't beat that with a bat.If I put together a list of my favorite bars in the city,and I did. Pete's Sake would be on it. Satisying, slightly upscale bar food. A diverse but manageable beer list to please the snob and the guy who doesn't drink 'that microbew stuff" A colorfull cast of regulars and neighborhood people mixed with folks from outside the neighborhood with a touch of people coming to or from the sports complex. You could definately catch a game there but it's not just a crappy "sports bar". It's one of those places thats not totally a beer bar, or a gastropub, or an Irish bar. It's a little bit of a lot of things. Most of all, it's an institution.I love For Pete's Sake. It is truly one of my favorite spots to eat in the city. The food is always delicious. The hot wings are my favorite around. In the warmer months it is a great spot to grab an outside table and enjoy a few drinks and yummy food. 
The staff is unbelievably friendly and always take time to engage in conversation and they always remember what we drink when we come in. 
The have also always been very accommodating when we have brought our kids in (which we usually only do when we can sit outside, but have brought them in and it has been great). 
I highly recommend For Pete's Sake to everyone....It is a place that I go whenever I have someone in town visiting. You cannot go wrong at For Pete's Sake!My boyfriend and I had always driven by and thought they wrote clever poems on their chalk board outside so it intrigued us to try it out.  We went to get brunch there today. 
We sat outside which was nice and ordered there "famous bacon bloodys" for $6 which tasted like tomato juice and horseradish. They serve them in smaller glasses than a regular pint. 
The brunch menu was sub par with chicken salad a wrap and burgers so we decided to play it safe went with a typical turkey burger and their Angus burger. .. When my boyfriends burger and fries came out there was an obvious clump of hair stuck together by what appeared to be boogers. (Barf)
Not trying to be a jerk he just pointed it out... she said sorry took the food and 10 minutes later came back with a burger and fries without booger hair..
The food was average but obviously the customer service was poor. The check cane and nothing was taken off. We weren't going to ask but honestly if you want people to be satisfied leaving your restaurant then maybe say sorry for the gross additives and comp the meal or at least something.Looking for an alternative in my neighborhood which is full of nerd/dweeb bars. This place was full of them but the cold Guinness and amazing food is worth the dumbo crowd. Hummus app was tasty. Of course I ate it with a fork...bread is just too filling. The lady had the chicken house salad. Apples and pecans...white balsamic dressing....uuuuuhhhhhh. I had the mussels. Full of flavor. Jalapenos weren't over powering. When I asked my queen if I could drink the juice like the blood of my fallen enemies she reminded me that the action lacked tact. 
My only problem was the ass hole with the bald, upside down sunglasses, beige on beige tee/shorts combo, shaved legs and sock less moccasin get up who shoved me out of the way to get to his bar seat. Another reminder of the pretentious crap bar crowd in the Queens Village area. 
Otherwise I will be back. Food and service was simple and full of tasteGreat place to get a good bite to eat. The drinks are amazing and strong, just like you like. Their guacamole and chips were very good.  I can't remember all we had, but I remember everything tasting AMAZING and cleaning our plates. They have outside seating in the warmer months. This place is pretty popular to locals, so at times there can be a short wait. Cheers to their staff and bartender who was super nice!Really awesome place. Food is very good, as is the service and the beer. Try the stake salad or the pulled pork. 
Crowd is really great. Mixed. This was a local bar for years and may of this same folks, like me, still frequent the place.Always great service and better than average bar food.  For Pete's Sake is comfortable, friendly, and a perfectly chill atmosphere to watch Sunday football or grab a beer after work.  The brunch options are plenty and the wings have a new spot in my heart.  The blue cheese they use for their wings is incredible; the hot sauce just spicy enough.  Fast and helpful service combined with the rumblings of the regulars makes this spot worth a try.More like 3 1/2 stars. I have a friend who absolutely loves this place so on here recommendation i tried it out. Nice bartender/servers. Got the cheese curds and they were well fried and tangy. The portion was large. I was not impressed with the draft selections so opted for a cocktail. Imo a little overpriced. In fact, everything on the menu is slightly overpriced. The bartender/ servers were a little unprofessional by having conversations of a personal nature right in front of customers. Not a bad experience but probably will not be in a hurry to return.Stopped in here for brunch on a Sunday Morning. Multiple TVs with games on, great neighborhood atmosphere. Good food, great staff. I will be back.Usually greasy pub food. Good for a drink but doesn't stay open too late.  Great happy hour specials though and a nice place to sit outside if you don't mind the car congestion, which is always heavy.Good bar food and atmosphere.  Got a watered down potato soup once but they refunded it for me.  Will go back!Pete's is a good local establishment for the neighborhood. Nothing fancy, decent drinks and food. Service is on par for a local spot. The music can often be loud and a bit out of place for the crowdNice neighborhood spot. Had lunch/brunch outside and was really impressed with how good the good was for a corner irish pub. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meal. 
They have pretty decent happy hour prices. 
Ill be back.We are regulars here and love it! Though sometimes it can be a bit cramped and the second floor isn't always open, the food, service, and overall atmosphere is great! It can get a little loud at times, but dining here is worth it. There is a lot of options and the food is served (usually) pretty quickly. Love this place!Looking for a great food and drink spot and found this little bar last night. Tried the wings and chicken quesadillas and they were great. The Korean BBQ sauce is highly recommended. The Mule drinks are a MUST!!! I will definitely be back.We used t go here all the time and take out at least once a week.  The food is good but the service is horrible and they charge you $5.00 for take out on a $25.00 check.  Crazy! I'll take my business elsewhere!For Pete's Sake is definitely a sports fan comfort zone. But if you happen to go there in between sporting events, you'll find a comfortable dining room with a really tasty menu for adults, and a kids menu that was a winner with my crew of three. To top it all off, it won't break the bank!My favorite neighborhood hang out. Great service. 1/2 priced burgers on Monday. $2 taco Tuesday's. 1/2 priced wings on Wednesday's. What more can you ask for?Gave it another try recently.  The kitchen closes from 4:30-5 (no one explained why) but luckily we put in our order for a couple burgers with fries around 4:10.
The burgers came out at 4:45.  The fries were cold.  Other customers who were seated nearby were still looking jealously at us because they were stuck waiting another fifteen minutes to order (again, no idea why orders couldn't have been taken ahead of time).  We ordered dessert and that took another 45 minutes.  
Look, there's no reason why dinner at a neighborhood spot for burgers and premade dessert should take two hours.  By the time my food finally came I practically inhaled it because I was so hungry.  I heard someone say "Oh, well I think a lot of the staff are new so that might be why the service is so slow."  I'm not buying it.
Just skip FPS.The only r reason this is not five stars is because every time I come here, the service is slower than those DSL turtles.
Expect to wait, but if you're sitting outside with your friends, enjoying a Hoegardden in the sun, waiting is just fine. 
The food is pretty damn good. You can't go wrong munching on the hand-cut fries. And at lunch I recommend the "Chicken Salad Sandwich:
Grilled Chicken, Diced Apricots & Red Onion on Raisin Walnut Bread
Served w/ a House Salad, $7"Good Burgers....Disgusing Bathroom!!!    We went here on a Friday evening around 6PM around Happy Hour.  We were sat right away and took advantage of the .50 cent wings and $4 Guiness.  The wings were tasty but there is no need to mess with a good ol' standard....I did not like that it came with carrots and no celery, both would be fine but wings definately need celery.  Also the homemade blue cheese was kind of on the sour side, not so good.  My husband and I both had burgers, which were delish, juicy and perfectly cooked.  I had mine with a side salad, again the dressing had a sour spoiled taste to it.  Maybe too much buttermilk? Not sure but they should work on this.  My biggest problem with the place is the filthy grimy disgusting bathrooms! I would hate to see what the kitchen looks like if they keep the bathroom in such nastiness.  There is a layer of grime on the floor, TP dispenser, and the walls....gross!!!  Please clean up the bathrooms...please?!Love this place; it's a great go to in South Philly.  The food is always awesome.  I have had the chicken salad sandwich about 6 times.  They usually have some interesting beers on tap, you can usually find something cool to drink and add it to a favorite list of yours.  It's a little tight inside, so get there early for happy hour and get a seat at the bar or at a table in the bar.  I've seen a lot of Coast Guard guys in here from time to time, that's always cool to strike up a conversation.  I've had friends from all over the city meet us here and they made it a go to stop when they are down in the area.  The food is always fresh and well done.  Parking is tight, but, I have the solution.  Park on the street behind Old Sweedes church, I've always found a spot, and I drive a big F-150.For Pete's Sake has become a sleeper favorite of mine.  The feel is welcoming, the decor is very Irish pub and the food (traditional pub fare) delivers.
I've been to FPS a few times now when I want to sit down with a friend or just grab a quick lunch and a beer.  The beer list although small is nicely chosen. I don't think you'll ever find and palate pushing brews here but it looks like their craft list on draft changes pretty frequently.
I've had the burger, the wings and the fish and chips and they are solid. The staff has always been courteous and their location is pretty convenient if you live in the hood.  I know lots of families come here as well and I think that shows that this is a relaxed and no bs kind of place.
I like what you're doing FPS.  Keep up the good work.Always a great experience!
I live in the Queen Village neighborhood and go to For Pete's Sake about 3-4 times a month either for dining in, take out, or just for a drink or two.  The food is always fantastic and the prices are reasonable for the neighborhood and for what you're getting.  I love the three different humuses of the day, the house salad is great, and the Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella Sandwich is probably my favorite.  I've never eaten anything there that wasn't delicious. The seasonal menus and specials are great -  the food in general is  way better than traditional pub fare. 
My husband loves that he can watch the Flyers games while we eat since they have several TVs. The noise level varies depending on how busy they are - which seems to be hit or miss, some days we go in and can get a table right away and other times we have to wait a bit or sit at the bar. The staff is always very friendly and very accommodating. Outdoor seating is another great perk at this corner pub.  
I've never had an order come out wrong or had to remind a server or bartender that I ordered something unusual (no mayo, extra cheese, etc.).  My glass has never been down to the last 1/4 without someone asking me if I want a refill.  The friendly faces of the regular staff makes every visit worth while. 
Quizzo on Tuesday nights is a lot of fun and very entertaining. 
Overall a fantastic establishment.Dined here tonight and the freshness of the food stands out.  
I highly recommend this place and I look forward to coming back.This is a good neighborhood spot.  I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday after running errands all morning.  Good beers, good food, and good prices.
Bartender was very friendly and the service was quick.  I'll have to come here again on a Sunday for football.  Lots of TVs and good NFL specials.Love watching the Eagles here! Come early though and get a table and get posted before the game. Free buffet during half time and order whatever beer it is that day to get some raffles for a free jersey! The wings are decent, could definitely be crispier though. The buffet was pretty decent! Really good mac and cheese and decent pierogies.I don't know why I was such a huge fan of this place initially. After a repeat visit, I wasn't entirely too impressed. They've got some nice dishes, but nothing too extensive or noteworthy. There was some sort of spicy flatbread or pizza that I'm trying to recall and that was decent. Had a nice kick to it as the spiciness was derived from Sriracha. Aside from that, the menu seems rather "OK" not too bland but nothing to be over-joyous about.
The beer selection is pretty good, I'll give them that. I'm also a fan of the multiple TVs, that's good for the sports watching. The space is pretty cramped, so I'd arrive early for dinner plans. Speaking of early, I was disappointed to find out one night that their kitchen closes at about roughly 11pm until Wed or Thu night. So, don't count on a late night meal early in the week.
Also, I've had their pulled pork - anybody who claims it to be the best clearly hasn't been to Sweet Lucy's or any of the notable BBQ places in the city.
All things considered, this is a good neighborhood bar. I just don't think it's anything to really go out of the way too often for. Though, I do need to try them out for brunch or lunch, as I've only had dinner.Stopped back in yesterday for an early dinner.  Had the burger and empanadas.  Burger was cooked a perfect med-rare as ordered.  Burger is solid, fresh hand patted  half pound burger on a brioche.  Empanadas are made in house, was filled with steak n cheese with a spicy aioli on the side.  Loved it, especially with my Firestone Walker Pivo Pils.  Place was packed so get there early5 Stars for what it is. Awesome fish and chips - fast and friendly service.  Check it out if you're hungry in the area.Popped in on an early Sunday afternoon for lunch and was perfect for sitting outside. I had a veggie wrap, was really really good. Also tried the chicken salad - that was AMAZING! It came on thick toasted bread and a side salad that was equally as good. Next time I go back, I'd prob get the chicken salad on top of the greens minus the bread.Took a while for our food to be served but we didn't mind since it really was worth the wait. They also had a few "brunch" drink specials, Look forward to returning.Although I am a lazy ass and part of the appeal of this place is the five second walk from my apartment, the food here is far above par bar fare; I would and do classify it as gourmet comfort food. Each day a list of specials brings variety to the menu (please try the mozarella salad when prepared with yellow tomatoes). Beer list consists of more rare delights. Just like most bars in Philadelphia, the atmosphere is laid back and casual. Be aware that higher quality does mean slightly higher prices on some entrees.  I am in constant turmoil over whether or not to follow through with my New Year's resolution to eat out less or indulge in their nachos and a burger. Check this place out if you are near Head House square and looking for something new.A friend (who lives in the area) and I walked to For Pete's Sake this past Saturday. We were shown to a table right away. The place is small and noisy (especially at the bar). I ordered a house salad and chicken quesadilla. The house salad was a nice, mixed-greens salad. And a very generous portion. The quesadilla was presented very creatively. My friend had the asparagus soup. He said it was OK. But he really enjoyed his burger. The place is't anything special but for what it has to offer--pub food/comfort food, it will fill the bill if that's what you're looking for.Great neighborhood spot. Great beer menu, draft and bottles alike. Great dinner menu, but slightly pricey. Worth it to me though. I used to live 2 blocks away and hit up this spot on a weekly basis, but no longer living so close I get there maybe once every few months and it's a treat. 
I think it's a great spot for lunch, especially on a nice day. They do a good job with the outdoor seating.
Careful, it gets loud and crowded for games! Get there early.Nice little spot to grab a bite and watch the game in south philly without going to the always crowded chickie and Pete's The food is good. Try the cheese fries the braised chicken nachos. They are great. I also liked that they have day drink and food specials. A us in my book. The Smallish space and limited menu options are the only caveats.After a few years with my bad experience, I thought to give this place another try.  I wish I wouldn't have.  Please see my previous review for a more thorough writeup.
I'll summarize:
Service: Subpar
Wing: Advertised as wicked hot. Should have been promoted as "Nine mediocre mild wings for $10!"
Take this as positive or negative:  The bar is children friendly
Beer: Tap list is small and needs inspiration
Food: overpriced in general for basic pub fare
Bottom Line: There is just no reason to come here at all.The food was great!!   
Although, I am very animal friendly... I dont like their hair in my fries  
It's not sanitary for animals to at the outside dining tables while their owners eat, and or others!Awesome! Our neighborhood bar restaurant.  Great food, great people.  Just the best!Slow food from kitchen.
A dish we ordered with added shrimp. Shrimp was not in the dish. We declined to have it added after the fact, she tried to convince us but of course the meal was finished by the time shrimp came out. And we were charged for it. We took it home. 
It wouldn't hurt to take items left out of an order off the bill, as a courtesy to insure return service. 
My perogies and kielbasa was good.Fantastic environment. Small but nice beer selection.
Service is 5 stars. Only giving 4 because I only had wings & beer for lunch. 
I luv neighborhood pubs. This it's worth the 1 mile trek back to my hotel. Fyi... I trek it because that's how one really gets to enjoy a new city. The Queens Village area is really nice.  
Anyway... great neighborhood pub. Wished we lived here just for the pub.Amazing, reasonably priced pub food.  The atmosphere is classier pub-style (not super divey) with quick friendly service.  The wings were great, the fish & chips were pretty much some of the best I've ever had, and the drink selection is off the hook.  I can't wait to go back!Always great food, drink and service.  Coming here over 7 years. Petes never misses a beat.Small place but the food and ambiance are unique. You really don't need to look at the menu just ask what the chef is making special for that day and go for it. I'd also suggest a Bloody Mary from their own recipe.I recently satisfied my curiosity about this place and met up with some friends for happy hour.  Prices and beer selection were what I would hope for happy hour.  It seemed like such a mix of people that it could only be a true neighborhood bar.Really friendly staff. If you sit on the back area, you're sort of caught between the jukebox in the restaurant and the classic rock blasting in the kitchen. It's a little cacophonous, but not a huge deal. Food was AWESOME. I had breakfast burrito, which came with a really fantastic house salad. Also snagged a taste of fiancé's fries and veggie wrap, both also delicious. Also, really cool building with stamped tin ceiling. Lots of character.Beyond disappointing...
went with my son, who had been there before and was hoping for the monte cristo ~ which was no longer on the menu. (should have taken that as a sign)
it took forever for our food to arrive,with little to no feedback from our server. We had one drink and were never offered a second. When the food finally arrived my son's cuban was cold and wet...
when we voiced our concern as to why it would be laying in grease, the waitress went 'huh'. to my knowledge she never informed the chef. when we brought it to another server's attention she asked if we wanted something else and we declined. then our original server came over and said, i took the cuban off your bill. and placed the check on the table. no apologies, no offer to speak to a manager and never asked if she could get us anything else - like another beer! it was handled so unprofessionally that i will never return and don't see how they can stay in business with a combination of horrible chef and rude wait staff...sorryI'm really ambivalent on this place.  It's probably the closest bar to me geographically, but I don't feel compelled to go very often.  For some positives: their food is good, especially the pulled pork sandwich.  Also, their Quizzo is emceed by the Legendary Wid, so by default it is the best Quizzo in town, because the Wid is amazing, hilarious, and a Philadelphia fixture on-or-near-par with the Geater.  For some negatives: it's a little pricey for what they offer.  And for some reason, it is either totally dead, or impossibly packed.  It's a pretty good bar, but I'd rather go somewhere else.I enjoy coming to Pete's Sake for weekend brunch. I'm not huge on brunch, but there's just something about their french toast. It has seasonal fruit with it along with whip cream. I have had the cinnamon apples and strawberries on it, both were fantastic. I have also enjoyed coming for dinner here on occasion, and have never had a bad meal. It is not the biggest place. I would recommend if you come on sports games night, be prepared to wait for a table, and possibly not even get one. I would advise coming over an hour before or after games. It's a really nice place. The bathrooms are clean, the staff are friendly. It is not a rowdy place. Patron's are mainly local and they enjoy to sit and eat, so will stay a while. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. Burgers are cooked to ordered, the hummus is a typically rotated with 3 different kinds per plate. Their chicken nachos have quite the helping.Probably best place I've been in a while. It's a small place but I hear they are expanding. There was no hostess but we were greeted immediately by the staff (even though the place was packed). They were super nice and got us a drink while we were waiting without hassling us with the bill for it, they just charged us later! We only waited a little while. They cleaned the tables quick, and got us seated even quicker.  Very attentive to us but not over our shoulders the whole night. 
We got the buffalo wings for an appetizer and they were awesome. We want to try the Korean  BBQ wings next time! Boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich   with fries which he really enjoyed. I got the brisket flatbread that was awesome. The meat was perfect and the sandwich was really well put together. I had a salad with mine which had apples and walnuts in it which was awesome, too! 
An appetizer, two dinners, 3 IPA beers, 2 cokes, GREAT music, cool games on TV, fast and awesome service all for $53 plus tip. SOOO worth it. Cannot wait to go back! So satisfied with my experience, which is hard to say these days anymore!Any day ending in Y is a great day to stop here, For Pete's Sake. Food, People, the Specials, their events!!! Awesome STOP anytime!My husband and I have been going here since we moved into the city 4 years ago.  Great place, comfortable - great food and great service.
The pulled pork is probably my favorite - and my husband well he eats everything on the menu - and especially loves their wings.
But, I give it 5 star rating because of the people who work there.  Mike, Alex, Marcus all make the customer feel welcomed.  They greet you when you walk in, chat, and always make sure your food and service are great. 
I highly recommend a visit to this great little pub on the corner of Front and Christian Streets.On dismal, dreary winter nights, nothing beats an evening of good beer, good company, and good food. For Pete's Sake delivers all three, quickly melting away the January blues. The space is comfortable, full of friendly people, and even when packed it's not so loud that you can't carry on a conversation. The beer selection is decent and the burger was perfectly cooked and served with plenty of soft, delicious fries. 
All that aside, the selling point for me is the bartender. I spent my recent visit here watching in awe. Charm, grace, speed, good looks, the boy had it all. His hands were in perpetual motion, rinsing glasses during the few moments he wasn't pouring drinks. He seemed to know most of the customers by name, and cheerfully chatted with my friend and I as we picked his brain about sports trivia and beer selections. As more and more people came in, he juggled it all, effortlessly able to judge who needed another round and who was ready for the bill. 
My only complaint is that beer prices were nowhere to be found, and the bill isn't itemized- you receive one mystically derived lump sum. 
For the night I had, it was worth it.I hate giving this place three stars.  I used to love this place.  Really love it.
The past few times their food has really fallen off for me, and I've heard this from many others as well.  What was previously the best chicken salad on earth is a shell of it's former self.  Fish and chips are still solid, but not enough to pull me there themselves.
I'll be checking back from time to time because this place is by my house and for some reason their Guinness is extra nice here, but my frequencies have fallen off the past year and I'm not really upset about it.
Their fries are really nice.We went here two weeks ago on a Saturday.  Pretty cool place. The food was great, although my cholesterol level increased.  Thats what happens when you have french fries and put beef short ribs and cheddar cheese on top.Quaint family friendly neighborhood pub
with good food and friendly service.
Our wings were delicious with three sauces to choose
from.
Mac and cheese was also good.
Nice craft beer selection.
A little gem!!!!