This past weekend my husband I celebrated valentines day together at this fine restaurant. The seafood salad is to die for. If you have the chance check it out. Don't valet, we paid $30 for 1 hour parking.I ordered this ahi tuna tempura appetizer, and the meat was underwhelming.
However, the deconstructed paella with black bass, black tiger shrimp, and lobster was fantastic. Super interesting and delicious.
Chocolate souffle was great.
Petit four was fantastic - truffles and mango candy.Food was good. Service was Horrendous. It took us over 3 hours to get apps, entree and dessert.I found the best burger in the city.
Whoa I know bold statement... the city has been debating this for a while now.  Its in the magazines, news, blogs... basically all over the place. I'm telling you,  The Truffle Burger is where it's at.  
My family came to the Fountain before we went to visit the Barnes Exhibit. Beautiful inside and stellar service. 
For the most part we all ordered iced tea or Arnold Palmers (half iced tea half lemonade).  The ice cubes were ice tea ice cubes.... BRILLANT! This keeps your drink cold without diluting the taste.  I'll be duplicating this from now on at home and to any BBQ you may invite me to.
The Truffle Burger - Prime Beef Chuck, Kennett Square Mushrooms, Sottocenere Cheese Black Truffle Aioli.  I'm going to have this on my mind for a little bit now. It was a larger burger with Sottocenere cheese; a cheese I had not previously been familar with.  It was a nice mild cheese that complimented the burgers mushroom and truffles. It was a very approachable cheese. Now clearly, I like truffles.  I ordered the truffle burger, how could I not.  But I do know, truffles are something you either love or pass on. I love truffles... specifically black truffles. This burger was loaded with flavor.  
Others are the table ordered:
The Piggy -  Slow Cooked Pork Shoulder, Housemade Bbq Sauce, Coleslaw.  This looked and smelled amazing.  My burger was phenominal and had I had any room to spare I would have snagged a bite of this; but I was focused on my burger and selfish... sorry I was so selfish and now not able to review and share with you.
Atlantic Salmon - Forbidden Black Rice, Spicy 3 Pea Stir-Fry, Cashews, Coconut Froth.  Salmon was cooked perfectly and the coconut froth was actually very interesting and a nice compliment to the other flavors in the salmon and the rice.  As for the rice, I'm not too sure whats so forbidden about it.Extremely reliable place to take clients for breakfast or lunch. Generally great service, and top notch food. I have really enjoyed the corned beef hash here (more than once), some of the best I've had and I'm kind of a snob about CBH. For lunch the Skate, Ahi, soups and salads have always been great with impeccable service - decent cappuccino too.  
Not cheap. 
Frankly, I'm not a suit and tie person, so I'm not sure if I'll ever get in here for dinner.  So many great places in center city to eat - it's not worth putting on a monkey suit to do it. ;-)Went for graduation lunch.  You will feel like a king / queen / prince etc.  And the food is literally perfect.I'm not sure what the hype about Fountain is. First, the touted romantic fountain-esque table with the view is probably limited to one or two tables at the restaurant. Other than that, the restaurant has in fact a very dawdy, old-school decor within. 
After having read all that I did re Fountain, some even to the extent mentioning it to be one of the best restaurants in Philly, I was excited to dine here. However, such excitement slowly dissipated.
I went for the 3-course lunch and had the
- Halibut: which was asian-inspired with bok choy etc. Sad to say, the fish was rather dry and not prepared at a level that I would have expected it to be.
- Beef: Waitress mentioned that the chef typically serves this medium-rare but what I got presented was a piece of meat that was more medium-well, if not well-done in some parts. Needless to say, I did not enjoy my meat as much as I would have a rarer piece. However, while I did make the overcooked condition of my meat known, I did not require to have it redone. I did however, like the fact that the chef incorporated quinoa pilaf into this dish and thought of it as refreshing, in contrast to the old-fashioned decor the place reeked of. 
- Banana Chocolate Mousse: very disappointing. Probably my fault since I'm not a mousse fan. I guess I got lured by the banana chocolate or seeming banana chocolate mix. What I got presented was a chocolate mousse dome with some caramelized banana on the side... and not some banana infused chocolate mousse cake as I had initially imagined.
While I was initially regretting the decision about having gone with the 3-course, fixed dessert menu after having seen another waiter push out the dessert cart... the excitement about the cart dwindled after I saw the desserts offered. Very old-school, and not at all exciting. 
The saving grace of the meal was the host/ manager whose excellent service right from greeting me to seating me, to his professional conduct coming by each table to explain to the guests that the blinking fire light was in fact only a maintenance issue and to the very end when he graciously handed me my madeleines to go and even got me a to-go bag... all this while mindful of the fact that I was to leave the restaurant at 2pm impressed me greatly. In my many fine-dining experiences in Philly, I have become accustomed to 2nd-grade wait service but this level of service in truly exceptional and commendable.My friends took me here for my birthday and I must say...it was a very SOPHISTICATED restaurant. (and we were the youngest ones there lol)
We each got 6-course chef's tasting menu and we were wayyyyyyy too full by the 4th course. The portions are pretty big for a tasting menu,so i recommend their 3-course menu if you want to leave a room for some dessert!
TRY: 
Sauteed Cape May sea scallop 
ANY alcoholic beverages - awesome cocktails :)
SERVICE::
 Impeccable. 
AMBIANCE:
Classy. Dress to impress. Anniversary or birthday dinner.I went to the Fountain Restaurant and chose to do the the tasting menu.  It is expensive but well worth it.  The food and service were beyond excellent.The tasting menu is by far the best dinner I have ever had. The dishes were presented as pieces of art and were delectably original. I was skeptical of an avocado mousse for dessert, but it was delicious,  light and fresh. The entire experience had me giddy from the first bite to the last. The service is hands down the best, and I cannot wait to go back.I can't think about anything else than the chants that A-Rod gets on the road of "Overrated" because that's what this restaurant is. 
To start, the maitre'd flat out lied to me. When I headed down to grab a bite for lunch after checking in to my room at The Four Seasons I headed there and asked how long it would be for a table. I've stayed all over the world and have never had to wait more than five-ten minutes to eat lunch at a hotel. The maitre'd surprised me, telling me to come back in about 45 minutes. So off I was, a bit confused and pertrubed but accepting of the fact that all the tables were full.
I was headed to grab a cab and checked out restaurants nearby on Yelp, I clicked on Fountain, just to see what I was missing and noticed I could book a table on OpenTable. I decided to see when the next available reservation was, and much to my surprise I could get in in about 10 minutes, different than the 45 I had been told, and very disappointing. I headed back and the maitre'd told me I had used a "backdoor" to get in. Not how one should describe an online reservation portal that the restaurant voluntary participates in. 
Nevertheless he seats me and I spend six-eight minutes waiting for a server to come by and take my order. I had quickly decided on the tuna tartar and Philly cheesesteak and being extremely hungry, and quite thirsty I was looking to get my order in as fast as possible. 
Once a server came, rushing hurriedly over and curtly asking what I'd like to drink and eat, I ordered.
A few minutes later I got some bread and devoured it, until surprisingly quickly, my first course, the tuna tartar with avocado mousse, arrived. It was tasty, but not worthy of a Zagat score of 29/30 and I'd rate it in the top half of my favorite tuna tartars but definitely not at the top. The tuna was of high quality but the vegetables were strongly seasoned and doused in some type of dressing and were just a bit too strong in flavor for my tastes. I couldn't taste the avocado mousse at all, though I do know it was there by sight alone.
After I finished my plate sat idly by for about ten more minutes until my next course came, at which point I received my cheesesteak.
Now, many of you will laugh at this, but i ordered a cheesesteak without cheese. I usually don't do much cheese and definitely don't do "American "Whiz" as the menu eloquently describe it.  Despite the lack of cheese the sandwich was still filled to the brim with steak and onions and was quite good, but definitely not the best Philly style cheeseless cheesesteak sandwich that I've ever had. It was accompanied by fries which were quite tasty and cooked perfectly, but unfortunately most were tiny bits and it was hard to hold them and also leave any space to dip them in to the provided ketchup.
The food wasn't bad enough to avoid, but it also wasn't good enough to make a destination. The quality wasn't up to the price point or reputation and the service was extremely hurried and impersonal. It was also quite ineffective based on my experience. Add that to what I took as being "shooed away" by the maitre'd I'm reluctantly giving this restaurant three stars. 
While normally I'd give food of this quality three stars, I'd barely give service of this quality 1 star. I decided to go with three stars because the atmosphere was really nice and despite what I encountered if you come in with these lowered expectations I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Alternative thats less than a $10 cab ride away: Barclay Prime.We had a lovely birthday lunch for my wife at the Fountain Restaurant. From the moment we entered, the host, server, and even the person who brought the water to the table wished my wife a happy birthday. Our server, Antionette, was very professional yet friendly, and offered some excellent advice as to what to choose for the entrees. We started off with some pulled pork sliders and some asian chicken dumplings. Both were fine but nothing special and I was starting to worry that we were in for just an average meal. However, once our entrees arrived, the food became spectacular. My wife had fabulous, perfectly prepared scallops, and on Antoinette's recommendation, my son had a delicious salmon club sandwich. I had the moroccan salmon that was sushi grade so I ordered it rare. It had to be by far the best salmon I have ever tasted in my life (and I probably have had a lot of salmon). It was not overly spicy and was served over two different sauces with chickpeas and yellow raisins. After our entrees were served, Antoinette brought out a birthday treat for my wife (pictured) that we all shared. It was delicious. We also tried the flourless chocolate cake and the homemade caramel, prezel, and chocolate chip ice cream, both of which were pretty good. All in all, we had a relaxing meal with excellent service. While our appetizers and two thirds of the desserts were pretty good, the entrees more than made up for it.I'm tryin to get to the finest restaurants in the city for my burger tour and I heard that this was one of the finest upscale dining places this city has.As I always say when you go to these types of places the service is always great so that wasn't a factor,I ordered the Truffle burger which is basically a mushroom burger lol,and heres the breakdown
Bun--I liked it I say it's above average
Meat--best part even though I asked for it medium well your upscale chefs will not do that so it had pink in it but it was good although surprisingly not seasoned
Toppings--worst part,I didn't like the truffles or mushrooms or the diced onions
This burger comes to 27.00 after tax and not including tip so it's definitely over pricedBest restaurant in Philadelphia.  The dining area is very spacious with the tables being far apart giving the impression you are eating with your party alone.  Not as opulent as Le Bec Fin, but still a beautiful dining area.  The staff is very attentive, but yet not overbearing.  I went for dinner so don't know how it is during brunch, but I'm sure it's just as good.  It's expensive, but if you got the cash the food alone is worth every penny.It seems like most restaurants in hotels are never as good as hyped...I'm not sure why that is.
As the third most expensive tasting menu in Philly (after Le Bec Fin and Vetri), they should be providing something truly special.
The food wasn't horrible, but the service was slow, half of the wait staff were difficult to understand when they were describing the food and most of the dishes were the kind of boring, traditional french that puts me to sleep...a slab of meat in a wine reduction sauce.
And, on top of that, they massively overcharge for parking (which should, in all honesty, be comped when you are dropping $200/person in the restaurant.)
This doesn't hold a candle to comparably priced restaurants in New York City or Chicago and isn't anywhere near the league of the better French places in Philadelphia such as Lacroix and Bistrot La Minette.Christmas Day brunch at The Fountain was very good, and included a great selection of raw bar items, salads, cheeses, pates, caviars with blini and desserts along with a choice of entree.  Nothing was outstanding but it was all very good.  Great service, excellent bellinis.Went here for our first wedding anniversary.  People rate the Fountain a top 3 restaurant in Philly and probably top 50 in the nation.  I agree.  Wife and I did a full 7 course with a wine pairing.  Seafood, cuts of meat, everything is impressive.  Fantastic anniversary dinner.I feel obligated to give the Fountain Restaurant a 5 star review because it is really the last of its kind in Philly...and soon to be gone (yes, the Four Seasons will be closing sometime in 2015).
Tonight was the first and possibly my last dinner at the Fountain Restaurant, and I'm already nostalgic.  This is one of the last places in Philadelphia you can "get dressed up" to go out for dinner, which is something I really enjoy. Alas, it is a nod to an era in dining coming to a close. 
I don't need to tell you that it is expensive, really really expensive...but what you're paying for is for that old-world fine dining experience.  The tables are spacious and far from one another, the maître d and his team are all charming and attentive. I promise you your dish, regardless of the course, will be carefully prepared and plated exquisitely.  It is as much a feast for the eyes as it is for the taste buds, and unlike most of the trendy, noisy, crowded,(anything Stephen Starr), nouveau-chic restaurants, you will feel like the people serving you actually care about how happy you are.
If you appreciate classic European-style dining service, and a little pomp and circumstance, then I implore you to splurge on a dinner experience that you probably won't be able to have in Philadelphia ever again.Yes, this is a fine restaurant that is classy with excellent service.  The food is expertly prepared and presented.  The service is top notch and the wine list is extensive.  That being said, it does not reach the level of what one would consider extraordinary cuisine.  Although everything we had was indeed very good nothing was particularly memorable.  It is a wonderful venue for a celebratory event, but my fellow foodies can find better food at Vetri for about the same price.There are dozens of places to brunch in Philadelphia.  For many of them you can wake up on a Sunday and pop on over in your jeans and t-shirt.  This is absolutely not one of those places.  Brunch at the Fountain is special in every respect.  Amazing atmosphere.  Superb service.  Unique and wonderful food.  Allow me to expand.
Amazing atmosphere- Check out the photos on their web site.  Yes, it really is that beautiful.  You may be tempted to conclude that it is too fancy for you.  Keep an open mind and remember that this is a hotel restaurant.  You may see people at brunch in jeans and a t-shirt.  They will look out of place but that's their problem not yours.  This is the time to dress up at least a little.  Many if not most guys will be wearing a jacket.  Most ladies will be doing their best to look really nice.  
If you're going to dress up and spend some serious $$ than you should secure the best experience possible.  There are some highly coveted tables for two by the windows with beautiful views of the fountain. My advice is to reserve way in advance on Open Table and ask for a window seat.  But that's not enough.  Give them a call a couple of weeks before you go.  Let them know that this is a special event for you.  Maybe it's your 100th wedding anniversary!  The combination of way in advance reservations and a personal call almost always works.
Superb service- Service at Four Seasons hotels is legendary.  Expect perfection or very close to it.  If you think it will be stuffy and pretentious you are absolutely incorrect.  It will be warm and friendly and competent.  Once you experience it will set your standard for the way it should be done.  Every time the lovely wife and I receive great service at another restaurant we find ourselves comparing it to the Fountain.
Unique and wonderful food- I say unique because brunch here is a cold buffet and served entrees. You get both.  So you'll be staring at this beautiful buffet and you'll also receive a menu for the entrees.  The entrees and the buffet change often but the combination is so extensive that it would be difficult not to satisfy even the pickiest eater.  Everything will be of the highest quality.  Jumbo Australian Prawns on the cold buffet were a big hit for many folks.  Expect an omelet to be executed perfectly and be offered with unique fillings. One of my younger guests once ordered a simple hot chocolate.  She was told it would be a few minutes as the kitchen would hand grate Belgian chocolate to make it!  As you might expect it was amazing.
As I first mentioned brunch at the Fountain is special.  You will be paying for the atmosphere, service, and the amazing cuisine.  This is likely the most expensive brunch in Philadelphia.  If you plan on enjoying some adult libations the bill is going to be impressive.  
If you think $100 for an amazing meal and drinks is over-the-top for you than pass on visiting here.  If you have a superb brunch and perfectly mixed drinks and in turn are asked for $100, then this is an experience you should not miss.The service is amazing first off, but of course that should be the norm for a 4 star restaurant. So why the 3 stars...let's go over what we had
appetizer
tuna-2 stars
foie gras-5 stars
rabbit-5 stars
entrees
grouper-2 stars
monk -3.5 stars
lobster-1 star
prime rib-1 star
beef filet-3.5 stars
lambchop-4 stars
venison-5 stars
dessert
souffle-4 stars
lychee ice cream-1 star
So once you do the average of items, the overall meals were mediocre at best...Unbelievably fine dining experience.I made reservations for the 4 Season's Fountain Restaurant for a Birthday Luncheon on Open Table.  Several days later I increased our party number and requested a specialty birthday cake.  Everything was wonderful from the service, food, reservation, accommodations, valet parking, and updated emails.  I even took advantage of giving my credit card information ahead of time so that no bill came to the table that another party goer would try to take domain over and credit for a wonderful time.  This was my second time dinning at the Fountain Restaurant for a special occasion.  I wanted the Party Girl to remember her special day.  And she definitely will.  I can highly recommend the Irish Coffee as an ending to a perfect day.Fantastic. Simply awesome. The seafood is fresh and incredible. 
The chocolate deserts are all out of this world.Impeccable service. Classy atmosphere (not overly stuffy). Quality 3 course meal.
If price is not object than this is the place for you! I went knowing I would not be footing the bill so I really enjoyed myself. I recommend the scallop appetizers, the Sea Bass/Lobster Paella entree, and the sticky toffee pudding based on what my party ordered.
The level of service and friendliness of the staff is the best I've experienced in Philadelphia.  I'll definitely be back when I hit the lottery (our bill for 4 people was over $500 and we each only had 1- 2 drinks).I actually got engaged at the Fountain a few years back.  The service there is probably the best we have ever had.  The food was awesome even thought it was super expensive.  Hoping to go back sometime soon for a special occasion.  Definitely a very romantic spot!The food was exquisite and surprisingly substantial.  I shared the paella medley, lamb, and red snapper.  The seafood paella was the best with the most variety.  Appetizers were also excellent with yellowtail ceviche and surf and turf.  My only complaint was that the restaurant "accidentally" did not take 30% off my bill per opentable and I had to remind them.  But nevertheless, I would come back for a special occasion.I'm really struggling with the rating on this review. I was here for dinner a few nights ago, and while everything was great, I think I was just expecting *more* from some place as renowned as the Fountain.  The food was certainly delicious and well-prepared, but it didn't feel very special. Similarly, the wine list had some variety, but I was surprised by its lack of creativity and depth (strong showing of French wine, but very little from non-traditional wine regions). The service was impeccable, as you would expect from the 4 Seasons. It was overall a good experience for my group, but I would have appreciated something more creative from the food or drink menu, or ideally both.
In the end, though, I think my favorite part of the entire meal was the drink at the bar before hand, and the awesome trio of sorbets at the very end.
The coolest thing about the dinner was probably the iPad app they use for their wine list. I have seen others that I like a bit better (this one lacked tasting notes), but my friend and I had a good time sorting and re-sorting by various characteristics before finally selecting a bottle.Fantastic breakfast/brunch. The Toad in a Hole with dill hollandaise and fresh smoked salmon were amazing. It was incredibly rich but worth every last calorie :) 
I only could eat 1 of the 2 pieces of toast, so I may consider getting a side of sausage or fruit and share the Toad in the Hole dish with a friend or my fiance. 
Among the rest of the group I was with, I also tried the vegetarian sausage, chorrizo sausage, and the french toast... I would recommend all three.Overpriced, somewhat odd options on the pre-fix menu. While the atmosphere is very nice and the service is excellent, the food is well over-rated. If you are into very fancy presentation, small portions and odd combinations, you will like this restaurant. Desert was fantastic though - one of the best creme brulees ever.
We also had breakfast here - horrible experience. Completely tasteless oatmeal (I make it much better at home). I was also served a complimentary smoothy in a dangerously chipped off glass. Up to this day I don't know if I swallowed any, so check your glasses carefully before taking a sip even at the Four Seasons.Ate lunch there after visiting the Philly Museum. Didn't think the food was something to write home about. The service was spotty. The elegant setting is nice, however. Only eat there if you are trapped in the hotel.We went here for a  birthday brunch. WOW!! so it's obviously not cheap. But for a special occasion, it was so worth it. The selection and quality are unbelievable. You truly feel special here. It was one of my most favorite meals. Definitely will come back for another special day.I feel sad to give one of my favorite restaurants a bad mark.  I used to  love this restaurant.  We went to breakfast there this morning and I did not feel the love.  Service is so important to me.  I love feeling welcomed and special.  (isn't that why we pay a little extra?)  My water was not refilled -- nor my coffee.  I had to ask.  I had to track down the waiter to get them to take my credit card.  This should not happen at the Fountain.   There are too many other good restaurants with great service for me to go to.As expected, the service and ambiance were amazing. We went during restaurant week and I got the Amish chicken which was so tasty! I definitely recommend the creme brûlée for dessert. It would be a great date spot or place to celebrate a special occasion with family.My husband and I went here for lunch on our 2nd wedding anniversary. We were both very excited to eat here, since we had heard great reviews of the Fountain (we didn't read Yelp reviews before going). We were graciously greeted and seated at table with a nice view.  At the table, a fly hovered during most of the meal until I squashed it with a napkin. 
The first course didn't start off well.  The Alaskian Crab sushi roll was not prepared to order.  It looked like it was made DAYS ago!  The Mozzeralla salad was just ok, very ordinary.  For our entrees, I ordered the Crab cake, and was extremely disappointed.  My first bite had a strong fishy odor and taste....then my husband discovers a HUGE hair tucked into the middle of the dish!  We sent it back immediately and I ordered the short ribs instead.  My husband had the short ribs too.  This dish was very good.  Now, onto desserts.  As a former pastry chef, I would have never allowed that dessert cart onto the dining floor.  Poor selections, very poor presentations and on the bottom shelf there were damaged fruit tarts that looked like they were picked up off the floor and just dropped there.  I ordered the Creme Brulee.  It was excellent!  One of the best I have ever had.  My husband ordered off the cart.  The plate was decorated nicely, but the quality was seriously lacking.  During coffee, the waiter brought out another plate with "Happy Anniversary" scripted in chocolate, along with choc. covered strawberries.  
All in all, we would not eat here again.  Our bill was $155, without alcohol and tip! This restaurant is in need of a serious makeover!Okay, so every now and then you have to remind yourself what 5 star feels like. I have patronized the 4 Seasons restaurant a handful of times here in D.C, but never outside of the city. 
I was in Philadelphia recently for a conference by myself and was staying at the Embassy Suites which just happened to be across from the upscale 4 Seasons Hotel.  When I went on yelp to find out what good food was near, Fountain was right up at the top of the list. 
I went in and almost got caught up in the restaurant next door, which seemed nice... (hey there was guy with a guitar!) but my instincts told me to ask the guy at the desk, is this your ONLY restaurant? The prices looked suspiciously reasonable.  
After a brief discussion he said "Oh! You want the Fountain Restaurant. They're about to close, let me see if I can get you in." While checking he let me peruse the menu. Bingo. The prices let me know I had locked onto the right place.  
That being said, it was a very elegant experience. The wine stewart came over to personally help me choose a wine, the manager came over to check how I was doing, and the guy that got me in? He presented me with a free Vogue magazine. 
After dinner I was given free chocolates and a beautiful black umbrella with curved wooden handle to walk the 10 feet back to my hotel in the rain.
Oh! if only life could be this good all the time! But then would we truly understand the magic of the 4 Seasons? Probably not.This place has changed a lot-- for the better. That passe, tedious stuffiness is gone, both in the service and the food. Chef has gotten rid of the vertical cuisine, delivers slightly deconstructed versions of classics like paella, and wow, it was good! The freshest ingredients, flavors that call up tradition but don't wallow in it. Our waiter, Vince, was so welcoming and informative. Cocktails were great, wine was perfect. When my daughter's friend surprise-visited us during dessert, the staff made him comfortable immediately without so much as a raised eyebrow. I am going to miss this place but look forward to dining wherever Chef DiStefano (a real cutie-pie, this one!) cooks next.Came here for breakfast after staying at the hotel. We arrived around 8 and were quickly seated and brought menus. Not quite ready for eggs, I decided to order the smoothie and fruit plate. The strawberry and banana smoothie with honey was delicious, exactly what I needed! The fruit plate, on the other hand, was rather disappointing. While the fruit tasted fine, for $15, I expected much more fruit or at least nicer, fresher fruit. There weren't many berries and I don't think several large pieces of melon and cantaloupe justified the cost. Some of the other menu items seemed much more reasonably priced and I know that it's the Four Seasons, but I still think you can find better in the area. Then again, if you want good service and are feeling lazy while staying at the hotel, as I suspect might happen to me in the future, Fountain Restaurant offers a wide variety of food items and will fill you up. Bonus points if you're eating on the company dime and don't have to worry about overpriced fruit.Total love for me, especially the "market price" lobster. But I'll tell ya, totally worth it. I was so stuffed I couldn't finish my plate!
More recently, my fantastic hubby took me there for valentine's day.  I went with the tasting menu and loved every bit of it.  The portions were actually a little large for a tasting menu (I thought at least).  
But, the best dish of the bunch was hubby's lobster paella.  Oh so good.
I gave it a 4 star review instead of 5 because it took way to long for them to take my drink order.  Also - we had a 3+ hour dinner, which i didn't mind, only for the fact that ordering drinks too long.  It was definitely our particular waiter, because I observed some other tables, and their waiters were quicker with taking their drink orders.Recently went here with my husband for our anniversary.  We had been there a few times before and loved it but this time it wasn't as great.  Food was very good but not as fabulous as we remember. Service was poor. We were never asked if we wanted another glass of wine and when we did call our waiter, he never took empty glasses away. Our food took so long to arrive that we thought they forgot about us. 
Ambience is great.  The lounge is great. Saw several people eating in the lounge- should have done that.
Guess for the price we expect perfectionMy parents were having dinner there for their anniversary and we called to order a bottle of wine to be delivered to them. Filled out a form through an email they sent us to authorize a credit card and add a congratulatory note etc.... They never received the bottle. So much for our anniversary gift...When it comes to fine dining that is appropriate either to take a date or a business partner, it doesn't get any better than the fountain.  The lighting is not too bright but not too dark, the music is not loud and thumping, and the decor is without flaw.
For starters we had the sea scallops with fennel confit and the rabbit paillard with rabbit leg dumpling.  The rabbit was pounded thin like a schniztel, I don't think I've ever even had rabbit that thin.  Both starters were perfectly flavored and extremely tender.
For main courses we skipped things that are easy to find at home and went with the duck breast and lamb ribeye.  I've never had lamb ribeye before... it was nice and gamy and richly flavored like a beef ribeye, but it was not nearly as good as the duck which was tender and succulent.  Both main courses were larger portions than I would have expected, but it was a pleasant surprise.  I hate to sometimes end up wanting more, and that was not a problem here.
We did sample from the cheese cart.  If I was just rating the cheese cart I'd give it 2.5 out of 5.  What we had was great but there was just not a lot to choose from... about 4 of each category of cheese.
For dessert we wanted something light (not the chocolate fountain) so we went with the peach napoleon with buttermilk ice cream.  All dishes were perfectly paired for us by a very knowledgeable sommelier.   This is clearly the top of the "not trendy/modern" french-style restaurants in Philly.Visited the Fountain for brunch expecting something spectacular and while our food was good, it wasn't above and beyond anything I've had at cheaper establishments.  
The Fountain is friendly to gluten-free eaters and offers gluten-free bread, although I didn't like it and is a great place to take children. Our little one enjoyed her immense waffle, and I enjoyed my sweet potato hash and poached eggs, but I wasn't wowed.  
I don't know if the dinner service is better, but after eating at so many amazing places in Philly, I don't see why you'd go here, unless you're staying at the hotel or eating on an expense account.  
http://misterbelly.comI woke up late on Thursday and after my run went straight for the conference where coffee flowed freely.  Still a bit 'off' from the prior day, the bottomless coffee was a nice touch,  - a nice touch, but never one to suffer conference food lunch was planned - a somewhat last minute decision to visit Fountain at the Four Seasons based on its sterling reputation and my nice experience at Swann Lounge two nights prior...to say the least, this decision was less than inspired.
Arriving at the restaurant within a hotel just after noon to find the dining room approximately a quarter full it would be mere moments before I was led to my seat by the pleasant hostess, yet nearly ten before my server - a man named Deryl - arrived to fill water and offer a wine/cocktail menu that I perused but passed on.  Whether understaffed or simply poor service, especially considering the price point and reputation, it would be another five minutes before someone arrived and dropped off a cheddar cheese roll on a small plate; my 'bread plate' with butter knife sitting to my left wondering why it was there.  Minding you that I did not even have a menu yet I tried the roll - it was fine, rife with characteristic cheddar notes and flaky like a biscuit...sort of like a Cheddar Bay Biscuit from Red Lobster, but (bearing in mind I haven't been there since I was a teen) not as memorable.
With water empty Deryl returned with the menu, collected the empty bread plate, and returned later to take my order...water still empty prompting me to request a refill.  At this point I honestly considered getting up and walking out, but I presumed the food might make up for it and ordered three appetizers plus a dessert; having heard that if the soufflé was excellent but required advanced notice.  With a 'very good' Deryl departed and although I saw him tending to a table across the way he did not return until dessert was served - the back waiters doing all the work (and refilling water much more efficiently,) though my confused bread plate sat empty.
A nice space - light woods, large windows, and sturdy tables made of darker woods - Fountain was pleasant enough as men in suits dined on salads and talked business, but without a doubt a 'hotel' restaurant it was largely nondescript and given the lulls between courses rather dull for a party of one - a situation not improved by my first course, the (perhaps appropriately so) dull "Matzo Ball Soup with Amish Chicken Consomme, Tricolor Carrots, Rooftop Parsley."  Starting first with the dumplings - toothsome and a bit salty but without much character - and moving on to the bland stock, the highlight of this dish was the carrots, small nubs made with a melon baller and all quite sweet.  The chicken?  It was shredded and inconsequential.
Arriving together, my second course consisted of two plates most certainly better than the soup; the first one good and the other simply 'not bad.'  Beginning first with a long plate of snappy tempura fried wild rock shrimp paired with avocado, yuzu, and Sriracha remoulade, everything on the plate was quite fresh and the kitchen did an admirable job of matching the sweetness of the shellfish with heat and sour while the avocado provided a smooth vegetal balance - a good dish, though admittedly a bit pricey at $16.  
Moving next to the "Smoked Ham and Spring Leek Risotto with Sunny Up Duck Egg and Chili Oil," much like the soup it was simply astounding how bland the dish was - the pork lacking expected salinity, the egg slightly overcooked, and only the leeks and a bit of spice detectable over rice that was appropriately creamy with pleasant toothsomeness, but not particularly interesting despite serving as the base to some of my favorite ingredients.
With the meal dragging on and my palate largely not amused Deryl did at last return with the "signature" Fountain Chocolate Souffle with Crème Chantilly, a tall and proud version of the classic rife with bitter chocolate notes, dusted with powdered sugar, and accompanied by a sidecar of rich crème Chantilly.  Light and fluffy, moist but not wet, and sweet without being 'sugary' it was textbook - the best $15 of the meal, though certainly not on the same level as the soufflé at LaCroix at the Rittenhouse.
With the tab presented - nearly $75 after taxes and an appropriately modest tip - I made my way to the doors where I was met by the hostess who asked me how the meal went and although I try not to complain too much I figured she should know that the food was bland and the service far less than befitting their price tag or location...an statement to which she responded "oh, well I'm sorry to hear that...but I trust the soufflé was good?"  "Sure," I said "but not good enough to bring me back" as I walked out the door.love the oysters, cocktail shrimp, foie gras, lamb and beef! expensive but great food and serviceI sort of felt like My Fair Lady when I went to the Fountain with TK and his parents for his birthday.  I am pretty unaccustomed to having my seat pulled out and pushed in for me and having food appear and empty plates disappear seemingly by magic.  I'm not saying I didn't like it--it made me feel like a princess. 
The food was delicious and the presentation creative and beautiful.  I had a mediterrenean salad with proscuitto that looked like a palm tree.  The butternut squash soup with duck confit was creamy nutty goodness in the most delicate shade of salmon--it just about melted on my tounge.  I had veal for my entree and it was like buttah.
What was most unusual was the random courses that came unordered--the canopaise, the lightest and most pleasantly flavored smoked salmon I've ever had -- just appeared before me.  The same with a small-bite desert which I couldn't eat but looked really good.
Honestly, everything was excellent.  It was a little ostentateous for my humble, boho tastebuds, but I got over that and thoroughly enjoyed it.if you undestand fine dining,  great food and sublime service this is one of the best any where! this is the only restaurant that doesnt shove a menu in your face the minute you sit down they give you time to relax. food small portions but inventive. perfect for the civilized diner.My Boyfriend took me to The Fountain based on it was listed number 1 on the Zagat top 10 of Philadelphia. We have since been there two additional times and plan to add them to our regular dinner rotation. I have no doubt why they are listed number 1 after my first dining experience. There is a great vibe, great service, they even integrate the use of iPads for their wine list! We did the tasting menu every time and just switched out a few items to suit our fancy. Considering there are 7 courses in the tasting menu the serving portions are much larger then you would expect! You are guaranteed to leave here more then full and very happy! You really can't go wrong with anything you order, one of personal favorites is the lobster tempura soup with carrot broth, it is absolutely delicious!Service was top notch as expected and entire staff was welcoming. The five course chef tasting with wine pair is a great way to experience the range of skill as you can pick what you like from the menu. The wine pairings were well matched. Beet salad was unique and creative as were the frog legs. The grouper was outstanding. The dinner bread of all things was below expectation but everything else was above from the moment they open your car door until you leave. Highly recommend for special occasions.My wife and I went for lunch on Monday. Service was excellent though food did take a little while to come, not crazy long though. Beautiful restaurant, fairly pricey but serving was healthy for what you pay. The food was good, not special, but above average, for the price I'd say it was worth it.My wife and I came here for our anniversary and were absolutely wowwed!  It's nice to dress up and play adult once in a while, right?  We had the 6 course special menu w/ wine pairings.  I can say it was the best meal and service that I have ever had.   We'll be back this September.  It cost a small fortune, but I feel it was completely validated.Jackets are required in the fine dining side of the restaurant and if you happen to not be wearing one (like I was not) they will gladly provide one for you. Thus it is formal but not to the point where anyone is a problem about it and kids are allowed to tag along.
The food is fabulous. For starters I had a lobster bisque that was on special followed by a caesar salad that was one of the best I have had.
The main course was the Sautéed Maine Lobster, Truffled Potato Galette, Pickled Beets, Asparagus, Cognac Lobster Sauce dish. I have never had a lobster dinner prepared like this and it was wonderful.
And the best part about staying at the Four Seasons (at least for our stay and the room we booked) was that our meal was basically free due to the credit they gave us on hotel services.Oh, Fountain.  Best fancy restaurant in Philly, in my opinion.  I've only come here a few times for big "life events" (engagement, graduation, etc), but they have never disappointed.  
Expect:
--Innovative, often locally sourced food.
--Impeccable service.
--Warm, quiet atmosphere.
--Fantastic wine.
Go for the tasting menu, you won't regret it.  The chef has come out to chat both times we were there, which was amazing.  When we got engaged they surprised us with a special dessert and glass of champagne at the end of the meal--although by that point we were so full it was a challenge to finish it (we managed).
In sum, you get what you pay for here.  It ain't cheap, that's for sure, but it is worth it.Best Brunch in the World! Lamb Chops, Sushi, Omelet station, etc... Whatever you're in the mood for and more. Oh, and don't forget to save room for the waffles. They maybe the best in the world.Superb. Exquisite. Grand.
The Fountain is a first class five star dining experience. An experience which has mostly been lost due to the public demand for a less formal, more "comfortable" dining experience. The Fountain still delivers, quite effectively, "the real deal."
Appetizer of sweetbreads with foie gras and bing cherry ravioli was well balanced, properly seasoned and delightfully rich. 
The chef sent out a fish course of rockfish with potato confit and paddlefish 'caviar.'
Also seasoned nicely and had an interesting contrast of fatty potato and slightly bitter roe to match the fish.
Then for the entree: venison saddle, Alsatian sauerkraut, caraway spaetzle, sauce salmis. A perfectly executed dish. Salty, sweet, crisp, savory. Well balanced.  
Perfectly seasoned. Perfectly cooked. A memorable plate. 
Followed by five selections from their luxurious cheese cart and then beignets for dessert, this was a great meal. 
The Dom, the wines ( all of which were recommendations of Steven who is one of the finest waiters in Philadelphia), the 14 year Oban and the magnificently 'crema-laden' espresso just sealed the deal.
Kudos to the Fountain.The food is impeccable, the service is unsurpassed, and the ambiance is fantastic.  I love coming here for special occassions and am perfectly content with either the tasting menu or a la carte.  The wine flight for the tasting is superb and brings out the subtle flavors of the courses.  The spicy beef tartare is nicely seasoned and melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and the toasted brioche is warm and buttery.  The frog legs are also a good appetizer and seared to a nice crispy exterior but tender interior.  The roasted lamb is nice and succulent with a great accompanying risotto.  However, my favorite dish has to be sauteed kobster with the truffled potato galette.  It's amazing.  Seriously.  And the cognac sauce completes the entree like no other.  If you're in the mood for something light, the duck breast salad is flavorful, indulgent, and won't overstuff you.  When it comes to dessert, I like to stick to the classic creme brulee but the chocolate souffle is quite good, as well.  This isn't an everyday place but you do have to treat yourself every once in a while.Really enjoyed its elegant and attentive service.  We went for a romantic dinner, it wasn't busy since it was a tuesday night.
Over all we will definitely return when we revisit Philadelphia.  We enjoyed the formality and professionalism of the staff.  The food was not imaginative however the dishes were executed masterfully.For a restaurant with a high reputation, Fountain did not live up to the hype. The wine I selected was out and they recommended a horrible bottle. It took them about 20 mins to let me know the Pinot I selected was out. There was a table next to us who selected wine and they had their bottle within 5 mins. The wine came AFTER we finished the first course. I also had to pour my own wine and water. They were slow in clearing our table after each course. Not that we were in a hurry, but it was a 3 hour dinner. Lots of sitting and waiting. The food was quite good though. A forward thinking menu, but it was not over the edge of comfort. Would I go back? Don't think so, not for those prices.....Cocktails and dinner last night with the parents. Food and service were outstanding. The rack of lamb was perfectly cooked, tender, superb flavor, as was the lobster ravioli. Wine pairing for my meal was spot on. 
Pricey at $600+ for four. My only objection was that the pour for wine and cocktails was a bit miserly. A third of a glass on the rocks for scotch? Not even to the bend for a glass of wine? At $20 a drink? That's disappointing. Relax the wrist sir and fill it!
Desserts (chocolate souffle, peach cake) were good, not great.
Atmosphere in the restaurant is quiet, romantically dark. I'll be back, just don't try to session drink at this bar unless you've won the lottery, or your dad is buying...My husband, kids, and I celebrated my 40th birthday a couple of weeks ago.  We have dined here several times before so we thought this would be a perfect place to have brunch.  The food was terrific, as always.  But much to our disappoint, the service was awlful.  The matre d didn't smile when we arrived.  The servers barely attentive.  We had to ask to have the cake served, and when it was served the servers didn't even bother to clear the table.  The birthday song was only sung by my family and no one else.  No one clapped afterwards.  The room was silent with no happy faces.  I guess I'm was taught to be happy for others.  To say happy things, especially at a time of celebration.  In my eyes this place with all its richness was very empty and full of sadness.  
The patrons were less to be desired too--snobby and stuck up for no reason at all.  We were there for 2 1/2 hours did not receive one smile from that place.  It wouldn't bother me if I weren't smiling in a friendly, respectful, common courtesy manner.  After all, I was there with my family to celebrate my 40th birthday.  By the end, I was so ready to leave that I bolted out of there.  
My husband who is big on documenting everything on video taped our little guy (age 3) in the children's section.  Our little guy motioned to show my husband that he had something on his middle finger--a very innocent act.  One catty woman who were there scoffing and chowing down at the children's buffet table made a rude comment to her equally catty friend, "Look, he stuck a middle finger at his father."   Gee, these women are so preceptive.
It'll be a while before I consider going back there.  The only good things about the Four Seasons are the food and saying you were there.  A big disappointment, especially at this price with this reputation.This is what dining should be.  It is what I imagine it would feel like to have a private chef, where everything you can think of appears and you are in a warm sophisticated atmosphere that is not stuffy.  I have been lucky enough to enjoy meals at the Fountain for the last decade.  I have not once had anything but an amazing experience.  The Sunday Brunch is second to none, lunches are private & delicious, & dinners are exquisite and inspired.  Though it can be a place to see stars (last night  I dined next to a former US supreme court justice) the ambiance is relaxed, warm, quiet with comfortable seating, and lovely glass art.  It is a perfect place when you really want to have a conversation with someone. 
You might be wondering why I have waited this long to do a review after so many great times there.  Last night was truly unique and expanded on the warm feelings I already have for the spot.  I was one day out from a terrible case of food poisoning so you can imagine my horror at the timing of getting the opportunity to go, as under different circumstances I would have indulged in anything and everything I could think of:)
I explained to the server my concerns and not only did he walk me through a lot of options for my delicate tummy, but in the end we created a dish not on the menu that was lovely, but mild enough to not rock the boat.  Grilled red snapper, potatoes, & carrots preceded by miso soup infused with squash with some multi grain bread.  I fretted about overhauling a master chefs creations and imagined him cursing me in the kitchen.  Genius and amiable personalities rarely seem to marry in nature:) and often chef's are pretty particular about serving you what they create.  Not only was it not an issue, but the chef came out and spoke to me, asked how I was feeling, put together a bag of sweets to take home since I couldn't indulge in dessert and was just a joy!  The wine selection, of which I only had one sip, was a sip I can draw on for days, it was that special.  
Extraordinary food is rare. Fancy, dressy, old school restaurants where you feel it is an occasion are rare. Flawless, impeccable service where you feel that you are in your own home with a staff who knows you rareer still. The magic of the Fountain is that it combines all of the aforementioned while never making you feel that it is anything but effortless. 
It may seem too fancy or pricey, but think of this--before you buy another pair of expensive uncomfortable shoes or go out 4 nights in a row to so so places investing money in an experience, a night to be remembered for good food, wine, and conversation--that is the dolce vita!A sprig of parsley goes a long way....
My husband surprised me with a breakfast date at the Fountains for our anniversary this morning. While the food was delicious the presentation was severely lacking. I ordered an omelet and that's all I received. Not a piece of parsley or an orange slice to compliment the plate. We were surprised to find that this is the way they serve breakfast. Very disappointing, I was expecting more. Truly, I don't serve a plate of food at home without making the plate look appetizing, I took a photo and showed the maitre d and he explained that that was the way breakfast was served, not what I expected from a 5 star restaurant.Awesome dinner!  Rabbit appetizer was incredible, ceasar salad split with my wife a little too much anchovy for me but good, lamb ribeye was one of the top five entrees I have ever had and I we eat out a lot.  Will not be forgotten.  Great champagnes by the glass for my wife and choc soufflé done perfectly what more can you ask for.  It has remained one of the top restaurants in the country for a reason!!I was lucky to have many free lunches here.  I worked my way through the menu, but I can say I ever found anything that was actually good.  If I had to pay for it myself I doubt I would have gone more than once.  Very nice ambiance for lunch, enjoy.It was a true fine dining experience from the food to the service to the atmosphere.  
I liked the fact  that a jacket was required, but I disliked the fact  that some guy at the table across from me wasn't wearing a jacket.  I would have put him out on the street, but that is just how I get down.
You basically had two different options for the menu.  One was essentially a tasting menu where the chef takes you on a tour.  The other option was picking from their menu.  We picked from the menu.
For an appetizer I tried the chef's take on "steak and eggs" which was steak carpaccio and egg tempura.  I thought it was interesting and tasty.  For the main course I went with the sea bass which was of course perfectly cooked and seasoned.  
My SO had the veal (she has no qualms with murdering a baby cow), I had a taste and have to say it might have been the best piece of a meat I ever tasted.  It was pretty awesome.
The price is of course out of sight, but the service is above and beyond and the quality of the food and preparation was top of the line.  If you are rich and in Philly, I would highly recommend this place.   But bring your goddamned jacket with you!Seafood salad is superior.So I'm on a trip with the gf and we meet up with her uncle and family with 1/2 of our pack.  The fam as usual have a full filled day planned packed with funness and Fountain was our cherry on top.
This place is REALLY NICE...like I had to wear a suit nice.  The service is second to none.  The appetizers were very good...the foie gras was off the charts...smooth, clean and oh so buttery in texture.  Tuna was okay...nothing great.  Then they had this Rabbit dish that was very good too.  The squaw was incredible!  Beyond words...great with the bottle of wine.
THEN the entrees, prime rib was bland, the grouper was dry, the monk was okay, the lobster was over cooked, lamb chops and venison were phenominal, my filet was on the dry side and not seasoned to my liking.  
Desserts were pretty good, we had a souffle and lychee ice cream....plus they gave us a few places of petit fours.  Which was cool.
Based on the overall experience I would give this place 3 stars and that's being VERY generous as the entrees were a let down.  For the price at the end of the night, Cirque Du Soleil should have been swinging overhead.
I wouldn't come back.We have eaten at Tahlula's Table several times and were greatly impressed with the Fountain.  The tasting menu was excellent and plenty (almost too much) food.  What was most exceptional was the service.  The staff was attentive without being overbearing.  They were able to make my wife and I feel special in a full dining room and provided several special "extras" to truly create a memorable experience.  The lobster cocktail appetizer was outstanding.For the first dinner of my new decade, we celebrated at the elegant Fountain.  Between the 3-course or 6-course options, we chose the 3-course.  I started with the Warm Charred Ahi Tuna - perfectly seared fish with delicious Japanese influences.  I sampled the Scallop appetizer and was pleased to find it fresh and sweet.  For my entree, I ordered the Herb Roasted Manchego Stuffed Duroc Pork Tenderloin and was happy with the moist, tender meat.  I loved the buttery farro that accompanied the dish.  For dessert, we tried both the Chocolate Souffle (rich and large...it will be impressive for 1 person to finish this after the requiste first 2 courses) and the almond/berry dessert (fantastic flavor!).  We also loved the amuse bouche, as well as the complementary truffles and cookies that we had to take home because we couldn't eat another bite.My wife and I love stopping by the Swann Lounge (adjacent to the Fountain Restaurant in the hotel) for a drink when we are in Philly.  
It is a very relaxing atmosphere with many couches and comfortable chairs.  There are also large windows which let you look out onto the Parkway.  The service is always top notch and very accommodating.  For example, we once stopped in late and were in the mood for a little snack and asked if they could make us french fries.  Even though they were not on the menu our server brought out a basket of fries that tasted delicious.  The cocktails are great too and the wine pours are generous.  We are also huge fans of the trail mix that they provide for free.  On the weekends they have live music which is always enjoyable.
We have also dined at the Fountain Restaurant and the food/service is phenomenal.  If you are looking for a restaurant for a special occasion, or simply want great food and service, then this is the place to go.Best service in all of the restaurants I've been to in Philly so far and I've been to quite a few. They definitely deserve their star rating for hospitality. I would expect nothing less of a Four Seasons. 
The food was good. They had some strange items though. I enjoy exotic food, but there were a couple combinations that made me shy away from the tasting menu. I usually go for the tasting menu but my palate wasn't really into goat stuffed into rabbit or something like that.
What I did get was nice. I tried the de-shelled lobster. That's right, for like $58, they will give you a fully cooked lobster in cognac or bourbon sauce, which they have already PRE-DE-SHELLED for you. I just had to try it. It was a bit strong. There are other places that serve lobster, even lobster that tastes better (Morimoto, BlueFin), but I still had a great time. I would try it again once for the sake of the experience.
Fine dinning is about atmosphere, too~There is a reason my profile picture was taken at the sacred Fountain Restaurant. They have easily set the bar for fine dining food in Philadelphia.The Fountain is beautiful, the service is impeccable, and the food is excellent. One cannot help but compare it to Le Bec-Fin and Lacroix, two other French restaurants in its class that I also love. I love the atmosphere of Le Bec-Fin and I love the food at Lacroix; The Fountain sits comfortably between the two. "Enjoy your dinner and evening, Mrs. Din," our host who seated us said. My Sliced Muscovy Duck Breast with Foie Gras appetizer will satisfy the most finicky duck lover who craves large tender, juicy pieces of duck. My Double Lamb Chop and Petit Shank entree was equally mouth-watering. The two meats were each accompanied with different potato preparations that contrasted one another and yet somehow all worked together in a soft side, firm side presentation. Sandy loved her lamb dish as well and Frank had an orgasmic moment wth his beef filet. Sandy also enjoyed the Wild Alaskan Halibut Ceviche and Jumbo Lump Crab, Artichoke, and Leek Tart, which were both divine from what I had sampled. Everyone from our host to our waiter and servers, except for perhaps one African woman who seemed a little snippy, was outstanding.Rip off. Set $100 on fire & grab a hotdog at the cart on the corner.  Experience would be the same. I am floored anyone rates this dump over two stars.It's hard to find such a fancy restaurant with gorgeous decor at all anymore, and when you do, it often feels stuffy and not so comfortable.  Here, however, everyone is warm and friendly and you just feel so relaxed.  
The food is impeccable, the service top-notch.  We had a tasting menu of 3 courses, with an amuse to start.  We had 3 glasses of wine with each course.  Everything flowed perfectly.  Flawless.  
Afterwards, the cheese cart, which I always love.  Their selections were varied and well-chosen.Fountain is like a fine champagne--you will best enjoy Fountain when you have something truly special to celebrate. That said, I'm not sure I have many more constructive things to add to what's already been written. I'll try anyway:
-The service is impeccable. They once brought out the wrong year of the wine we ordered, and the manager himself came out to apologize. You will never go thirsty here, either, because not only is the wine list extensive, but they never let empty water glasses go unattended. The service is just amazing.
-The food is creative and beautifully done--such a pretty display that you will not want to ruin it by eating. The Caesar salad is big enough for two people, really big portions. Come to think of it, as fancy as Fountain is, the plate sizes are generous and you will never leave hungry. They also use local flavors, like Le Bus for their french rolls and other locally-sourced ingredients.
-Their chocolate souffle is to die for. 
-If you're reserving for a date (and this is a perfect date location), request to sit by a window by the fountains--you'll have such a gorgeous view of the lights in the fountain and the art museum off in the distance. It's all very romantical.
I've seen big families have private parties in closed off rooms, so this would also be a lovely venue for an engagement party or other special event. 
First rate, first class, first everything. Fountain is definitely one of the best, if not the absolute best restaurant in the city.Completing our set of LaBan's 4 Bell restaurants, we hesitantly entered the Four Seasons prejudiced by our expectation of overpriced, overrated food.  I suppose I owe LaBan a thank you though as Fountain wasn't really on our radar, and it might be the best restaurant in Philadelphia.
Expecting a somewhat stuffy dining room, what we encountered was quite airy with a clean, updated take on traditional style.  Their glass and tableware is modern, and to really shake things up they replace a thick, well worn bundle of pages with a more informative and easier to search IPad wine list.
So it looked nice.  So they had IPads.  The most surprising part of our 4 course dinner was by far the food.  
Amuse-bouche of scallop with pomegranate gel, very good. 
Wife started with charred prosciutto wrapped Ahi Tuna medallion.  Arranged atop were marinated black mission figs, baby arugula, radicchio, shaved bottarga, and pistachio with aged balsamic and anise dressing.  Attractive and delicious.
I had a foie gras special with a marinated pear and brioche base topped with a soft seared foie gras.  It was good, the fruit flavors paired well, but it was probably the weakest of the appetizers due to stiff competition. 
Wife was blown away by the steamed halibut appetizer, and with good reason.  It was incredible.  Presented beautifully with forbidden black rice, crisp zucchini, cashew butter, and Thai red curry scallion with asparagus broth, the layering of textures and flavors was amazing.  Not only that, the Halibut was so soft and perfectly steamed.  After a 1 bite sample I was longingly thrown back to what otherwise would have been a delicious lamb appetizer.
Said lamb was a chilled, thinly sliced loin salad with a feta croquette
and chocolate tomatoes, spiced eggplant purée, Jerez vinegar, and cucumber mint gelée.  This was deconstructed into 3 separate arrangements with the croquette, tomato, and loin anchoring their respective areas.  Interesting, very good, but still not able to keep pace with the fish.
Entrees started with a pan seared red snapper accompanied by salted mango, sesame, haricots verts, micro watercress salad, and creamy fennel purée with tomato pernod tarragon dressing.  Attractively presented with a delicious layering of flavors.  Wife really enjoyed it.
Roasted Veal Tenderloin and Sweetbread Duo.  This was the best dish I had, it was two separate items linked by their topping of sweetbreads.  The tomato and ricotta cheese ravioli was not nearly as interesting as the veal tenderloin, which was delicate and perfectly cooked.  Juicy and cut like butter, couldn't have been prepared better.  Braised swiss chard, grilled hearts of palm, and tomato confit salad with lemon caper veal reduction went with them perfectly.  Really good.
Fish seems to be where Fountain really excels, and I've got no problem with that.
Blackberry almond butter cake for dessert.  The honey basil sauce made the difference, bringing a hint of savory back into the dessert and pairing well with the spiced almonds.
Chocolate souffle with crème chantilly.  Exactly what you'd expect it to be, so nothing mind blowing there.
As dinner was winding down, I was able to reflect on how good the service had been.  Being there on a weekday it wasn't particularly full, but it's still a credit to them that service was exceptional and very helpful in recommending wines and food.  One last amuse of dessert thrust upon us before leaving, and just in case we'd forget this experience, a bag of incredible brownies for the road.  Pretty exquisite meal.My home away from home is the Four Seasons Philly. I do a lot of meetings at the Four Seasons and at The Fountain and they never disappoint. Service is impeccable. I am not much of a fine food aficionado in regards to fine dining but food is always right on. It is from a bar menu but sometimes you can get them to get you the cheese steak egg roll appetizer which is awesome. Their french onion soup is the best I have had.So here goes, sitting at the mac store in center city and i just have to write this.   Please excuse the grammar and mis-wording because i was so disappointed that this may be a different form of a review.
      As we entered we decided to valet which was the wrong decision because it cost thirty bucks on a Sunday morning.  We entered and were expected something reminiscent of Lacroix  .......the food was aweful.. pitchers of eggs for omelettes , pre-poached eggs for eggs benedict ....dirty serving spoons ....the food staff was marrying dishes in the dining room....i wanted some grapes but the spoon had cheese on it...one cheese plate which was in shambles and all mixed up ...only had 3 cheese.s left on it...half frozen crab legs......the dessert tasted as it it was uncovered in the fridge.......  the salmon was great and lamb was nice but that was it as far as selection goes it was underwhelming and for 70 bucks you would expect more.....we got seated basically with a view of the food tables and next to the server station......thats just about the food and not all of it....the waiters were nice  yet the tables were un-cleaned and a mess at one point we did not have water for five minutes....  we had to share a napkin that was dirty until we asked for another one......the silverware was being thrown in to the server station and very noisy.....the platers and cutters staff at the food station looked hung over and did not even know there sauces...we work in the service industry and understand all aspects so to write this it kills us but it was un acceptable...everything about this place was dis-appointing   the tab came to 178.oo and i never complain...but this time i refused to pay for it...we told the manager and he was happy to take half off and even at that we feel like we got ripped off it was still 100....matter of fact we should of had the whole thing comped.......this place is no lacroix  hopefully dinner will be different...............to finish this was only the surface so much more was wrong with this place!Came here for dinner after the wedding ceremony. The bride and groom had reserved the private room for the wedding party. Talk about fancy and well thought out, nice china, unlimited appetizers and of course the wine was flowing. I ordered the tuna tartare, Boston salad and the beer tenderloin with horseradish reduction all were absolutely delicious. You expect a certain kind of service and food standard from a 4 seasons restaurant and this one definitely delivers!!