This is the real deal diner experience - silk flowers, aquariums, tropical photos, neon lights, and a packed house. It may sound a bit cheesy, but they do it so well, it's actually endearing. I should also mention I am not a diner person, as a matter of fact, I mostly hate all diners. but this one, this one I like. Huge portions, cheap prices, crazy decor, good food and pretty good service. If you're up for a diner I suggest checking out Four Seasons.I ordered today for the second time from work using grubhub, I am giving this a sub part review because it just isn't anything special. The omelette was over done and gummy, the sausage was quite overcooked, and the home fries that they charged me to add onions to, had about a teaspoon worth of sautéed onion CORE for .25 extra charge. It was dropped on top of the potatoes like an afterthought. I was loaded with jelly, and no ketchup at all for take out. It's not that anything was inedible, but for waiting about an hour (which was within the expected wait time, so not a bad thing) and paying as much as charged for breakfast food here, it should be better than "decent". I won't order again because I feel it is money better spent somewhere else.This place sucks they got 4 orders wrong twice in a row and our waitress was absent most of the time we where hereother than being on a busy corner and having a semi cramped parking lot, this place is awesome. I can't think of a time when I've come here, whether early in the morning or late at night and the service wasn't near perfect. The food is great and its moderately priced. The ambiance is relaxing and this is a great place for either date night or night out with the familyLet's start with  the positive. It's fairly clean inside, safe and vibrant location, as well as fast and friendly service. The waiter was polite and always promptly meeting our request. The menu definitely has a great selection of food and I love the fact they have a salad bar. It was a group of four and when he brang out our appetizer of chicken wings it was plentiful, hot and deliciously flavorful, nice and crispy. However I ordered a fried chicken sandwich, it was light and had no flavor I could have made it. The fries were great, steak cut but didn't give me enough. I would go here again but will never order that again. Overall a fair experienceThe food here tasted pretty cheap I wasn't impressed with this place, I may try it again though soon and give it another chance....wait staff was pretty slow too.A real class act. Ridiculously delicious battered French fries, super fresh salad bar, and a very friendly staff. The owners got it right! Come here to satisfy any craving you may be having.place is good, service is GREAT, and the prices are really good, salad bar is pretty good, food is way above average for a philly diner, try to ge there 2 times a monthBeen on the search for a good diner for a while now, but because of imperfection or my taste.. I haven't found one yet. However, this place is definitely at the top of my list so far.  Just to give some background to those that don't know, this establishment used to be a Friendly's before it closed down.
To sum it up before going into details for those who want the quick opinion.. food looked and tasted good, service was good at two in the morning, decor was nice, and the amount of food was worth the price. Definitely worth checking out if you're around the area.
I don't remember the name of what I ordered (maybe the country omelette) but it was sausage, ham, peppers, and onions I think, served with home fries and toast. The omelette was well made and the home fries weren't burnt and soft, although I do prefer mine with a little crunch.
 I would prefer it if the food was warmer, but I think because we were in a big group the food must have sat there for a bit before it all came out. Most of us all got breakfast food, so I'm going to assume the quality was pretty much similar. Next time I visit, I'll have to order something else, but let's hope it's not two in the morning again because I'd be reluctant to eat a burger and fries at that hour! hope you enjoyed this review :)I have eaten in here, and also gotten take out many a time. There are no other 24-hour diners near my house. However, the quality has gone downhill, very much, since they opened. Last time I got an omelette, it was very runny and gross, even though I asked over the phone for it to be well done. Their desserts all look delicious, right? So I was so excited to get a piece of chocolate cake. I got home and took a bite and it tasted like soil. I mean like dirt. It was clearly rotten. I was so, so disappointed. At this point, my boyfriend and I were both too tired to drive back to the restaurant, so we did call to complain, and they acted like they didn't believe us and said to bring the cake in. We were too lazy. But I'd had stale-ish cake before from there, and this was the last straw. I mean it tasted like THE GROUND.
The burgers and sandwiches are just blah. Also, like almost every other diner in the world seems to have begun doing, they serve batter fries. They are so gross, and I don't know why all the diners have started this. It's really nasty. They do not taste good at all. I always would just throw out my fries or ask for onion rings or something, even though they aren't much better.
If you need something desperately to eat at 4 am and nowhere else is open, then go here for a burger that won't kill you..but don't choose it if anything else at all is open.Other than good service, I would never go back to this diner. The food was overpriced. I really can't believe they charge $4 for a glass of orange juice. Then they charge you to get a refill. So yea, I was looking at $8 for some freakin orange juice! The food was overpriced as well. The portions were OK, but the food tasted REALLY bland. I had pancakes, homefries, and scramble eggs. My husband had the same except he also had steak. The steak could have been much better, and the homefries had no flavor. He didn't even like his eggs which he thought were too dry. No specials on the menu in my opinion. Highly upset with having to pay such a huge bill for mediocre breakfast.Yummy buffalo chicken salad and creamed chip beef. Host Mo is great. Salad bar has apparently won a Best of Philly award, but I think it's pretty crappy.I would give it more stars but the service is a crap shoot. Sometimes it can be very good but then be AWFUL. The food is always good. That is the one constant. We go here frequently and will continue to do so.Went there yesterday afternoon.  Wow!  Perfect food with perfect service, What a concept!  Food cooked to order,  fresh salad bar with huge selections, great soup. 
***The "icing on the cake" was the service.***  "Heather" is worth an elephant's weight in gold.  I truly haven't had service like she provided  in a long, long time, especially in Northeast Phila.  Pleasant, just the correct amount of attention, willing to make adjustments to satisfy the customer!  No other word but "Superior" service.Great food and nice atmosphere! They have the best burgers! Have never been disappointed here. And they're open late night which is a huge plusWe are not Diner people but my father-in-law and friend insisted on trying this new place so we went. Our server Dannie has the patience of a saint she put up with my father-in-law not being able to hear very well ,changing orders and drinks. She was so accommodating it was a pleasure eating there, the food was delicious.This place is the best. Everyone is friendly and helpful. All of their food, even things you would think wouldn't be good at a diner, are amazing. For dinner entres you get soup, salad bar (which is amazing and fresh), bread, two sides , and dessert all for a very reasonable price. Everything they make is huge potions and all delicious. I love their breakfasts and lunches as well. They have a phenomenal cake and cookie case. I live in the neighborhood and have been going here ever since these owners bought it from the gross Friendly's owners. This place is so clean. Also, they deliver. Can't say enough good things about Four Seasons.Eh, it's okay. If you are really stuck with nowhere else to go (which is nearly impossible in that area). I can only review breakfast, since that is the only meal that I've had here, via take out. To even get someone on the phone to place a takeout order is a task in itself. After being placed on hold multiple times, you can finally place your order. It's always "20-30 minutes" for pickup. The order is never right, and it tastes like it's been sitting a VERY long time. If they are going to cook it right away, tell me 10 minutes and not 20. The food just sits in those condensation inducing plastic containers at the cashier. The bread used for the breakfast sandwiches (bagels/kaiser rolls) are stale, with that nasty stale taste. The home fries are soggy and have zero seasoning, like a nuked potato. I thought the first time was possibly a fluke, but tried again recently, out of pure convenience, and it was exactly the same. Back to Mayfair Diner we go!I loved the four Seasons in the past. I found that they add a sharing charge of 5.99 if you share your food with anyone at the table. It's not like a buffet or bottomless dish where a sharing charge would be appropriate. I will never return there. What kinda deceitful, shady, sheisty, uncool, wack sh*t is that?!?!?!?
SHUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!Where do i begin the food overpriced. I ordered anyway despite other reviews stating the same thing. The price wouldnt be an issue if the quality matched. I ordered a fruit loaded waffle it supposed to come with bananas, strawberries anf blueberries. I got 1 strawberry and a rotten banana with no blueberries. So i called back they clearly were upset that they had to come back because they messed up my order the blueberries were literaly in a bag soaked in its own juices. As though they were serving an animal. I have pictures to prove it and the gentleman who brought it over was pissed and ran out because he knew what they did was despicable. I called back told the manager he had done it out of spite and they refunded me but judging by the tone in his voice he was pleaswd with that kind of childish behavior. Never eating here againGood diner food and salad bar. The menu is HUGE so you'll have no problem finding something you like to order. The staff is friendly and this is a good place to meet others. I use it as a lunch place and it works great to meet others as the staff allows plenty of time to sit and talk. My one complaint is that the "Happy Birthday" soundtrack is always WAY to loud when they play it for someone's birthdayOrders take out, got a burger platter. I've gotten it there before and it was amazing!
This time I got it, the bottoms of the bun was completely soggy it was disgusting. I couldn't even. Ugh!!The apple pie an double chocolate cake was awesome I wasn't too happy with the meatloaf I had but 4 stars quick eating good food.I would've given it 5 stars bc for a diner, the food was great. Huge portions and great salad bar. Greatly priced and our young Indian waiter was great. My issue was when I was leaving, I went to use the bathroom. A tiny 2 stall bathroom for a huge restaurant, 2 waitresses were in there in my way when I tried to walk in and were there the entire time I was in the bathroom on their phones texting angrily. They finally walked out when another person came in. I wiped my hands off and was about to walk out the door, when  bam, the door hits me in the hand, bc someone was yelling on the phone and seemed very irate, you guessed it. One of the waitresses, reddish hair up in a bun. This is not where they should be conducting their personal business. Leave your boyfriend problems at home while you're working. Ruined my whole experience.Although their food is great, the folks who seat the guests are very racist and selective. Three time we went there they made us wait for over 30 mins while all along they found seats for other guests. We are never going back there. Our dignity is worth more than their food and their ignorant narrow minds.I have been going to the four season diner for years. The staff and the food is great always. 2 times this week I have had a waitress Jen and I have to say she has been very nice and an extremely great waitress. Thank You four seasons u have a great waitress there and I nominate her for waitress of the week possibly the month.Good food and very courteous staff I had the chicken Parmesan my wife had a chicken wrap and the kids had grilled cheese and French fries food was great and our waitress even surprised my kids with cupcakes which I think was very nice... and not to mention on the way out the hostess even gave us a box of cookies to take home... this is a great diner family owned and operated would definitely recommend to anyoneNot too crazy about this place but it could be worse.  I've had all different foods here and they're all edible but nothing to write home about.  They have an alright salad bar if you're into that.  Desserts are not all that great however the cheese buns are delicious.I came with the family last time and we were very satisfied with how well they have customer service here. The servers were nice and kind to me and we're very hopeful. We were greeted by the nice managers so pretty much customer service is A1 here. On another note the food is great they give you a lot to where you are stuffed and need to take home. Definitely a spot to bring the family.Ordered lasagna and absolutely loved it. 
The portion was so big that I had took it home and finished it the next day. The salad bar was fresh and loved the dressings. 
Finished it off with strawberry cheesecake and it was so good!
The service was great and would definitely be comfortable recommending this place to all my friends and family.The waiter messed up my order by bringing me Italian sausage when I clearly asked for bacon, and as I was putting the syrup on my pancakes my gf notice two curly little black hairs on them. Needless to say I was disgusted and turned off by the food.I go here all the time. 
For a while, my roommate and I were like two "young old ladies" coming here for breakfast. 
It's homey. 
It's not going to be on par with Gordon Ramsay, but it's comfortable and the food is solid. 
The staff is welcoming and sweet, especially when you're locked out of your house and it's cold...and all you want is a hot cup of coffee and a sandwich. 
Thanks guys.This is a premium 24/7 diner with good service, a very large variety of great diner food ranging from omelets, burgers Gyros all the way to filet steak.  If you're in the area and in need of a dinner fix, this is a great stop.Four Seasons is definitely one of my top 5 favorite restaurants/diners in Philly! I am in love with the French Toast and the Crab Imperial! They have a nice menu selection, (but most of the items on it are a bit pricey!)  they do give big portions though, so you do get what you pay for! The servers are pleasant, polite, and most times they have been pretty efficient. I am usually there during the breakfast shift and sometimes during dinner but never during the overnight shift. I tend to avoid restaurants overnight because I have had some terrible experiences with overnight servers at other restaurants but; I can honestly say that I was highly impressed with our service a few nights ago. Our waitress walked up to the table with a big smile on her face, she introduced herself, we gave her our order and it was like she read our minds from that point on! She was very busy but I am not exaggerating when I say that we did NOT have to ask her for ANYTHING! If you are heading out for a late night meal or dessert, I highly recommend Four Seasons Diner (order the FRENCH TOAST with a topping!) & Ask for the waitress Jamie with the very short black hair.Hahaha the last time I was in this building was back when it was Friendly's. That was like 15 years ago. This place is decent. I'm honestly hooked. I'm a burger and fries aficionado if I do say so myself. Burger was amazeballs! Juicy, not overdone or undercooked. Absolutely perfect. Not many diners can say that they are perfect burger masters. I'm definitely going to return and try something else. Loved it here. Wait staff is friendly, atmosphere is homey and warm. Gotta love diners. If I could give it 10 stars I would.We've been coming here since they opened six years ago and have watched them grow. The food has consistently been good and the portions generous. The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.It's a diner. it's not in Center City so your not paying $10+ for an omelet, you're paying $6-$7. I work downtown on Sunday Mornings in a breakfast restaurant, so I am quite familiar with the Philly Brunch Scene. That being said, this was really close to my boyfriend's new house and we went for breakfast on a beautiful, warm sunny Saturday morning. The place was seemingly busy outside but had a nice flow going inside. It smelled great starting from the parking lot, which broke down some prejudice I instinctively had due to its location and the appearance of the exterior.
My server Kate, was young and clean and had a great personality. She was more than attentive and had no problem taking my home fries back to be cooked a bit more. As expected, they were on the same plate as the omelet, and when the dish came back out, it had cooled down a bit. Even when they came back, the home fries  were far from well done or crispy as I originally asked for-- but that is a kitchen mistake. Honestly, they were still barely cooked enough. But overall, we didn't wait long for anything. 
Even though I love good home fries, and mine or my boyfriend's were not cooked nearly enough, I would give this place another try. The Mushroom, Onion, Bacon and Swiss Omelet was delicious. The restaurant was definitely clean enough, and my server was nice and attentive. I would like to give this diner four stars, but can't because one major component of the breakfasts we ordered wasn't four star worthy.Came on St Patty's day for brunch and everyone was dressed up   :)
Other than that, and that it is a little over priced, this is a typical diner.
You initially walk into a large vestibule/waiting area .  When entering the dining area there is a large fish tank.
There are TV's on the walls and it seemed that at most times they had static images of things (IE: fish tank etc).
I ordered the eggs benedict with Hollandaise on the side and it was made perfectly.  It was also served with home fries which were yummy.
My friend ordered an omelet but they charged my friend extra for substituting cottage cheese in lieu of her home fries and toast. 
The service was friendly and swift.This place was great, affordable and large selection.
Everything we had was good and the service was quick and friendly
I ordered the Big Apple, and pastrami and corned beef Reuben .  It was huge and delicious, and came with fries that were crisp and tasty.  
My sister had the French Toast Sundae, which was massive.  3 or 4 pieces of french toast topped with fruits, 3 scoops of ice cream, and whipped cream.  AMAZING!
My aunt had the french toast with bacon and eggs.  A classic breakfast which definitely hit the spot.  
Hands down, would dine again and try something new.Horrible. Don't waste your hard earned money, when there are far better options in the area (Country Club, Dining Car, etc). Horrible food, horrible service, dirty. I honestly don't know how they've lasted this long.First, the good. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger that was big and was pretty good. The portions are also quite large, just about everyone had to take their food home with them. Food was reasonable priced. Then, there's the bad. My aunt ordered a taco salad and it was more pop art than it was food. The worst part was the veggies were in huge chunks (the cucumbers were sliced in half length wise, the bell pepper in two inch thick slices, what I believe was half a head of romaine lettuce) and you need a second plate to cut up your veggies for your salad. Their soup is more like stew because the contents are also in huge chunks, my aunt had quartered potatoes in it. My mom's chicken soup didn't have any chicken in it. However, the diner is adequate but the bakery selection is bad. Their cupcakes are dry and only take up 3/4 of the cupcake paper but a mountain of icing is placed atop it. I picked up the tiramisu for dessert and it was terrible. The cake bottom is drenched in kahlua and instead of mascarpone cheese, it's under a mountain of icing. Three stars for the diner, one for the bakery.Stopped in today with a friend for lunch. There aren't many decent diners in the area but it's pretty good here. I've been coming here for years now and have never been disappointed but haven't really ever been wowed either. The food is always pretty good. The color of the gravy on the croquettes turned me off a little bit but they tasted good. Green beans were soggy and seemed canned. A little bit overpriced for a diner. Decor is a little over the top but nice. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive.Great Food,Great Service Go There all the time. Say Hello to Big Moe& Little Moe & Tina/ Cookie,Threasa and Will&AshleyI've been to this diner many times and have always found the entrées to be large any very good. They do have a nice salad bar. Nothing great but quite adequate. Very good presentation along with good service 
The only negative is because they are so busy during dinner hours you might have a wait to get a table.I love this diner! My favorite dish so far is the jambalaya. It's just a little bit spicy and contains shrimp, chicken, and sausage. The portion, as with all dinner portions at this diner, is enough for three meals. Most dinners come with soup and salad bar. The soups are all delicious and you are usually given five or six to choose from. The salad bar is always cold and fresh. The rolls are very good, which is not surprising considering that the diner also sells really tasty baked goods up front. Their chocolate chip cookies are my favorite. The only thing I don't like here is the scallops. I tried them a couple of times and they didn't taste fresh. So leave the seafood to a seafood restaurant, but for hearty portions and delicious baked goods, Four Seasons is excellent.I love this diner! I wish they would open one closer to me! Decided to go on Christmas with a friend. The salad bar was being cleaned up and filled up non stop. The specials were all meals that I felt were special for the holiday! I ordered 4 seasons of Charlemagne! Shrimp, scallops, salmon, and crab meat over lobster Ravioli. After the soup, salad and bread over 1/2 of this along with desert came home with me.  I'm looking forward to left overs tomorrow. 
There was a wait but there was a nice sized waiting room and seating. The waiting area is filled with photos of people with the owner along with other things that made it clear they support the community. 
Can't wait to return!We usually enjoy the food, not exceptional but ok. Recently my wife had ordered a vegetable plate and the green bean portion was very small and the beans themselves looked like the had been sitting in water all day. To our dismay our waiter was not very helpful or accommodating, however the host (or the man that seemed to be in charge at the cash register) turned out to be outright indignant to our complaint. Well, needless to say, I can overlook a bad meal every now and then, but a bad attitude from the staff will always keep me from returning.Boring and bland. I think this place is good for kids with sensitive taste buds to eat at. My favorite part was the soda. 
Dry food with little-to-no flavor. I've only been here once and I think that in this instance, once is enough. It could use with a lot of improvement, but it's still got some potential to be pretty good.One of the better diners in the Philadelphia area. Most customers are older but if you get past that, the food is good, the service is decent, and the wait time isn't too bad.I don't think I would ever eat at this skeevatorium again. I sat down at a dirty table, on a dirty bench and waited on by a dirty server. If I was any less lazy at that moment, I would definitely have gone to any one of the other diners in the immediate area. I barely ate my eggs because I wasn't sure if the clinic would be open the next day for a syphilis test. Didn't want to chance it. 
Funny thing, also, I was telling my friend about my experience there. This friend lives right around the corner from this dump. He told me that his wife and him used to eat here because it's not far from their home and it was easier for them than going to Tiffany's for those late night meals. He told me that he would never step foot in there again because a waitress, who had obviously ran a marathon, was sweating profusely, and actually dropped a bead or two of sweat in his wife's food. Whaaaaaa?????? How the f@&k do you sweat that much while serving food, and not care enough about your customers to wipe your dripping brow?????
So, there you have it. My review of the worst diner in Philly. Seriously get your act together, Four Seasons. But unless you call in a crew to clean the place and hire some more desirable human beings to serve your customers- the people who give you their hard earned money- it looks like Tiffany's gets my business. They're not the best either, but they're clean and have great customer service. Oh, and they have cuter waitresses.The fact that this restaurant has garnered as many as 3 stars is somewhat disheartening.  I am an ardent Yelper, and I have had great experiences depending on the reviews written and ratings posted, both in my own city and on trips across the country.  Yelp has rarely, if ever, let me down.
This is my second visit to the Four Seasons Diner.  My first was sub-mediocre, but not really worthy of the time a review would take to put together, but since that time this place has had time to settle into the neighborhood, and while looking to share a bit of breakfast with my friend, we chose The Four Seasons diner.  Here's why I give it 1 star.
1. The food was again, sub mediocre, and this time I only ordered a pretty basic breakfast
2. Sharing charge of $5.99.  Friend had to order a soup in order to share.
3. I was sniped for $1 for a few spoonfuls of salsa for my eggs.  
This may not seem like enough reasons to give a place only 1 star, but if you are looking for a better meal at better pricing (especially breakfast at a diner in NE Philly), I can point you in a better direction that won't take you too far away.  
That said, the state of Diners in NE Philly is sad, and makes me sad.  I grew up in the NE, and I have loved diners ever since I was a small boy.  A good meal at a reasonable price is the trademark for ANY diner ANYWHERE.  This place does NOT live up to the Diner Contract I think exists between establishment and customer.  Sadly, few places in my part of Philly do anymore.
I know that many of you don't want to read endless negativity...so if you stop now..you won't get that.  Read my other reviews.  There aren't hundreds, but I always Yelp when I care...good or bad.
Now...to my rant.
Man...that food was less than ok.  There is NO excuse for crappy rye bread at a diner.  Especially in this part of the world.  We have good bakeries with wonderful rye bread.  Don't be cheap.  Buy decent bread.
If you are going to charge me for a side of salsa (which NO other diner has ever done to me), then you damn well better bring me a soup bowl filled with it.  It's a cheap condiment, especially in the gallon jugs you are buying from your distributor.  Oh yeah, did I mention I used to work for a Food Distributor?  
And, BTW, the entire meal was overpriced.  I'm not cheap.  I've eaten at some very good, VERY expensive places, and I don't mind dropping big $$$ on a meal I will always remember, or a solid buck over and over again at a place that serves me decent food again and again....and again, because I tend to frequent the same places.  I like to give them my business, and my money.
You omelette was big, but that in now way makes me happier.  I don't need a 50 egg omelette, I just need a Good One.
Your restaurant wasn't packed...busy, but not crammed full.  Why on earth do you want to steal from me?  If I want to order a complete meal and share it with someone for any reason (money, health/weight loss...etc), why do you care?  You are selling food.  If two people walk into my store and only one wants to buy a TV, I don't up-charge because their friend came with them.  It's as if you are asking me to please NOT come back, and that my friend isn't welcome to the food I've purchased.  Does ACME have a sharing charge?  You seated me at a 2-top...do you have a 1-top for me if I was a solo diner who prefers a booth to the counter?  Am I taking up more space than usual?What if I come, you seat me at your 2-top, and I order coffee and sit for 3 hours...do you charge me for the time?  The bottom line is...this policy is OBSCENE.
If a Yelper gets here in my review and still comes to your diner, fine.  I certainly expect logical, reasonable, rational, and intelligent people to make up their own mind.  Somehow enough decent, 3-star reviews have gotten through...and some clearly confused folks leaving more stars.
But people, please don't share your food, or order a side of anything without asking how much it will cost, or expect that your food will be any better than slightly less than ok.
Good luck.This is the best diner around.  Very consistent and a great value for the money.  I've had only good meals there and the salad bar is clean and fresh.  You'll be glad you did!My friend and I have gotten breakfast here like three times and none of the times were we disappointed. We were sat quickly and were given drinks to start us off. Although it took us a while for us to place our order, we didn't really mind because our server had a few other tables. They have a wide variety of breakfast to lunch to dinner foods. Our food came out after about 10-15 minutes and everything was great. Would recommend to other friends and revisit myself!This diner is 24 hours and definitely appreciates everyone's business. The prices are very reasonable with great quality food. From fresh farm eggs to fresh squeezed orange juice it is definitely worth visiting at any hour. I have been here at 3 AM and and 8 AM both the service and food is amazing. Anyone feeling in the mood for a home cooked dinner or breakfast this is definitely the place. They also have amazing desserts for say in the bakery at the beginning of the restaurant.Having a good laugh at the negative reviews.
--'Too much food'  -- Ever hear of a doggy bag?  Gee, they give you enough for 2 meals.  They should be shot for that.
--'The waitstaff is typical Northeast'  -- Gee, that's terrible.  They should import their staff from ?China,  ?Poland,  ?Eygpt --  It's a Northeast dinner.  I'd rather the staff be local, able to walk to work and get to work on time than being short staffed because their plane was late.
--'The menu is too big'  -- How dare they have alot of choices!
Maybe your arms are too short.
--' Frank Sinatra music' -- That's sad and I go there for a combination of disco & hip hop.  Gotta make choices.
--'Outdated decor'  --  It's a dinner, it's supposed to look like that.
Some ppl could complain about anything.  Gheesss.Already wrote another review where i gave two stars and my reasons. We decided to give them another chance because of the option of getting some breakfast delivered. When we called, the person on the line said delivery doesn't start until the delivery guy shows up and he doesn't show up at any given time. We threw the menu in the trash.My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch one day and it was such a horrible experience.  They sat us down at a table and we waited forever for someone to even acknowledge us and my boyfriend got the salad bar and he said it was disgusting, the lettuce wasn't even cold. Then when we got our food, I ordered a roast beef sandwich and he ordered a hamburger and both of our food was absolutely disgusting.  My boyfriend said his meat on his burger didnt even taste like meat. We wound up calling the manager over and told him that we refused to pay for our food, so we just paid for our drinks and left. Never again we will go to that place.. I do not recommend this place to anyone.Love the Four Seasons Diner! We usually go for Sunday breakfast, but the one time I did go for lunch we tried the salad bar and it was definitely worth it. Lots of choices and everything was fresh and tasty.
As for the breakfast, a winner every time. Country fried steak is crunchy and meaty with rich sausage gravy poured over top. Omelets are huge and perfectly cooked. Just had a mushroom, onion, Swiss and bacon omelet and it might be the best I've ever had. seriously, the food here is great!
They also have quite a few fish tanks which keep my 2 yr old entertained. Service is above average and the managers/owners always stop by to check-in. Last time I was there they gave me a 15% off card. Used it this time and they gave it back to me after i paid. Does this mean i get 15% off every time? love it! oh yeah, I'll be back next weekend!Our server Michael Myers was excellent in every way. Pleasant, Sociable, and Professional. The abundance of food was exceptional!Love this place! My favorite diner ever. Great breakfasts, soups, salads, wraps, fries and sandwiches. That's really all I've ever gotten because I like to stick to my usual!The FOH staff is always very hospitable and welcoming. The food is delicious, whether is breakfast or wings at 2am.. It's always good. I've been there dozen times at various times of the day. My only complaint out of all the times I've ever been was my coffee mug had lipstick on it from a previous patron.Food was good. Our waitress was friendly. The decor was lit. They also have this crazy happy birthday song they sing. Overall a good experience.I've visited this diner a few times the past couple of weeks. I went with a few friends the first time and everything went well. The food was okay and the service was decent considering it was 12 am. We decided to go again, just me and my one friend, and  it was the complete opposite. My wings were soggy and my friends burger looked as if it was a kids order. We saw our waiter twice and the only words he said to us the whole time was "Theres only 2 f*cking servers on tonight guys bear with me". We came back last week and as we were paying, the manager went out chasing a customer with a bat. It's safe to say we'll be heading to Country Club Diner down the street from now on.We had the burger and fries and thought they were really good! The fries are crispy battered, which were delicious. You also get free soup with your meal. Our waiter was very attentive as well 
Also it's open 24/7. We went late at night and they include tip into your bill, which the manager explained they do during "late night" hours.I was very excited to have dinner at this diner. What a waste of excitement. The beginning and end of the meal was fine...fresh offerings at the salad bar, excellent lentil soup...and then came the entree. Tough shoe leather steak, dry coconut shrimp minus coconut, generic tepid jambalaya. But the chocolate pudding was chocolatey and creamy, and the mint chocolate chip ice cream was delicious. Service was friendly and efficient.  We should have skipped the middle part. And it was expensive!!After a tour of the new Mormon Temple in Center City I was taking my Mom home and she asked if she could treat us to breakfast.  I was hesitant because I wasn't sure where she would want to go.  We were near the Made In America concert and the traffic was awful with many street closures.  She suggested we leave Center City and eat close to her home so we agreed and that's how we ended up at Four Seasons.  I haven't berm here since they first opened so I was curious what it was like.  Certainly nothing exceptional.  My wife and I both got a Cajun omelette.  Their omelettes are made with four eggs and are definitely bigger than most other restaurants.  It came with home fires and toast.  The food was good, no complaints from me.  My issues were the coffee, very weak, and all the noise.  The place seemed so chaotic.  It was like I was having breakfast at Chuckie Cheese!  The music was way too loud and the staff seemed to be screaming when they talked to each other.  Twice during our breakfast a Happy Birthday song was played over the loudspeakers.  It made my ears bleed, too loud and too long.  Why does the entire restaurant have to be subjected to this. What ever happened to your waitress singing a little ditty while she brings the birthday person a cupcake? We couldn't even see the two people having a birthday from where we were seated.  Also, we had a bad experience with those little creamers they bring with the coffee.  Both my Mom and myself had bad ones.  We went to pour it into our coffee and it came out like white snot.  All thick and clumpy, disgusting.  Our waiter was nice, replaced both coffees very quickly and overall provided good service.went back w/friends , Christmas  eve.still again struck by the wait staff weird vibe.maybe the owner hires kids , who are novice waiters and waitress because he can pay them less  , but its annoying after a few visits...
and the cashier was a bit uninvolved with the whole thank you process, no people skills.Not really clean but good omelet. It's a diner so what can ya expect.This restaurant is a wonderful place to eat!!
The food is awesome and the prices are reasonable. The service is pleasant and friendly. Overall I give Four Seasons a 8.5 out of a 10.This place is really close to home so we figured we would try it out. The service was great and the food was decent. The reason for the poor review was that my wife got Salmonella there. We suspect that they cut her roasted vegetables with the same knife that they used to dice her chicken before it was cooked. So we will no longer come here for a meal they weren't careful.I can't get over how many good reviews this place has. The decor is cheesy and outdated, the outside of the diner is sort of frightening. That's just the beginning. The diner is relatively new but looks like it has been there forever, the waitstaff looks like typical northeast philly diner waitstaff....if you've ever been to any other diners in the area you'll know what that means. The table they sat us at was literally sticky, my arms kept sticking to the table. The menu is way too large and that usually makes me nervous, there's no way you can make every thing perfectly with a menu that large. I ordered just a plain old grilled cheese and french fries. Diner staple. It was fine mostly, but really greasy and the waitress never asked what kind of bread or cheese I wanted when ordering although the menu listed options. The fries certainly could have been better. They were very mushy and bland. My boyfriend ordered a burger and fries and he said his was pretty good. They gave him a WHOLE uncut enormous pickle on his plate. It was bordering obnoxious, who would eat that? The one on my plate was almost as obnoxious but they cut a sliver off of mine. Service was quick, the host was nice but it fit the description of crumby run of the mill diner to me.The food was awful if I would be able to give is your star I would and the waitress was really meanNot a good place to go if you don't like overwhelmingly large menus. This place has good food but my last visit yesterday didn't go so well.
I ordered from the specials board the sirloin combo with stuffed shrimp and crab, huge mistake the sirloin was really tough to digest I ordered it medium rare and it came back nearly medium well done. The starches were bad too, how do you fudge up mashed potatoes, the dish came out with wedged potatoes which was not what I ordered, the gravy lacked luster too the corn on the cob was rather bland too they could have easily grilled it to give it some pizzazz the waiter was friendly and attentive but lacked basic menu knowledge of the specials. I wasn't happy with my meal but my family liked their entrees. I wouldn't go back for fear of ordering something that I won't like again. They need to beef up the staff and show them how to help customers choose from their wide selection of entrees.Just finished eating here and can't believe it took me this long to finally try it. I live in the neighborhood and frequently pass by but always forget this place is there when my husband and I are making plans to eat out. Tonight we wanted club sandwiches so we figured we would finally try here. It was great. Nice and friendly atmosphere. The staff was attentive and accommodating. The restaurant was clean and there was plenty of seating. The menu was full of choices even though we knew what we wanted before we got there. Prices were great. Portions were large. I didn't have room for dessert but the desserts they had on display looked delicious. I will definitely come here again.We moved away and miss this place! While visiting family we decided to stop in and my god do I miss this place. Friendly staff and some huge servings of some tasty food! There French onion is delish, chicken parm is the best I ever had.... KFC will come in second when it comes to popcorn chicken. Clean and friendly and food is alway consistent in taste and presentationI always have good service when I come here to eat. Doesn't matter on the time either! I've been here at 3am, 3pm, 10pm, 10am, you name it lol.
I like that this diner is close to a lot of the frankford bars, which is why there's still a good crowd at night. 
The food is pretty good, large portions, ...colorful staff :) ( a lot of personalities)I have gone here many times for sunday breakfasts with family and have always had a good experience. Quick friendly service and large tastey portions. The interior isn't great but that isn't something I was expecting in a diner.A few years ago this place was great. The last visit I decided I would no longer return, from a waiter actually trying to sell me drugs (we serve Pepsi but I have coke) to pushing their new Pharmacy to now selling perfume at the bakery counter I am finished. The food tastes microwaved and bland.  Maybe they should focus on the restaurant and lay off the fragrance & pharmacy business.My favorite diner in the neighborhood! everything about this place is tasty and the service is excellent! The salad bar is divine but I wish it was open 24 hours, but I understand why it is not. Come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night and you wont be disappointed! They just opened a new location on Busleton ave and I want to go to that location as well!i used to frequent tiffanys in the past, but ever since this place opened, this is my go to diner. everything i order here is wonderful. for the ones that complain about their food, i wonder what they order, because i never have a problem. 
service is great here, and the food comes out pretty fast. no complaints about this place!