I got a cheesesteak and fries. It was pretty ok. Lacked meat. My daughter got a cheese burger, I tried it and it was soooooo good. 4 stars for the burger.If you want to get sick to your stomach this is the place for you. Just had a steak, fries and fried Oreos and haven't been able to leave the bathroom since.I started writing this 2/27/18 shortly after my check in, much closer to the opening of franks, before they had stable delivery available, and maybe a bit before  the establishment. Work of course has kept me from my hobbies for a long while now but things are finally slowing down, and im ready to finish the cliff notes and first impressions i was able to jot down after my visit.
Frank's is a new, high reaching, but somewhat pretentious attempt at a Pat & Geno-esque steak place in our strip of the NE. Suffice to say it also suffers many of the problems those types of touristy steak places do.
Frank's food tastes decent, but has meh portions, and suffers from the same type of significant price hike you'd see at a tourist trap. $9 for far less steak than the typical 8 oz of this side of of philly, smaller roll, and less cheese on average.  That is STEEP, and makes franks terrible as a value proposition, even fries are well above the norm with some bacon cheese fries running at the 6.50 mark for less than your corner shop tins.
Admittedly, the one thing franks has going for it is the bacon supplier. The bacon here is like full size versions of the McDonald's breakfast menu apple wood smoked bacon which i personally love. But as decent as that one thing may taste, its still a terribly overpriced.
The steak here is alright quality regarding the meat itself. It has the typical issue a lot of other "rib-eye" steak servers suffer from in the no TLC when it comes to seasoning category. The roll was so-so if a bit chewy, and the cheese was alright, but was certainly skimped on.
Fries are average, bit on the crispier side when i ate there which i personally enjoy, but there seem to be some consistency issues by looking at other patrons food. This also applies to the  the wiz (Definitely not Whiz.) which had varying states of consistency in whether it came out warm enough to be fully melted, or as an awkward glob on top of the fries.
Franks food is maybe a bit above average when its prepared correctly, but their prices and portions are far below average, making franks something i couldn't recommend in good faith given other options in the area.
Flavor & Presentation 3.66/5   |   Speed & Service  3/5   |   Pricing & Portions  2.33/5
Overall  3/5Been trying to find a good steak place up here. Unfortunately this one isn't it either. Steak was chewy, fries burned; maybe a new cook needs to be considered. Wouldn't recommend.The best hands down (wings and fries) all the time any time of day even taste better the next day no kidding try and I bet you'll agree actual wings not them wing ding things (I mean they not whole wings though) next I'll try a steakClean dining area ,friendly staff . Food was fantastic steak so good it melts in your mouth, fries cut fresh and with or with out cheese you can't go wrong 
So good I went back for a second day in a row and will continue to pop in weeklyWhen a new place comes upon my ears I need to try it. Especially if they have burgers and steak in the friggin name. Me and my coworker decided to split the two. Kill two sandwiches with one visit. 
The burger looked good, but it stops there,
odd flavor to the meat and texture was tough in a odd way. Bun was good and rings were not bad. 
The steaks flavor was good and roll was super soft, meat was abundant and seared nice but not really a fan on non chopped meat. 
Really wanted to love it but fell short and not a try again place for me.I ate at this place when it first open and I thought it was very good. Then I decided to try it again about 2 weeks later when it official open and food was very different for the worst. The menu had changed and so did the food quality. I order a cheesesteak and they hardly even put cheese on it as other customers complained about the same thing. I also order a burger and it was totally different then what it said on the menu. I have no idea what these cooks are doing in there and I won't be going back again. Very disappointing it started off strong.I had a cheesesteak and fries. I thought it was good  but a little pricey. Hopefully they can last there. That area needs a good place to go get something to eat.This was one of the worst meals I've ever had. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries; both were terrible. The fries were spongy, flavorless, and cold. The burger was a thin, grey, hockey puck that I could barely chew. It was topped with undercooked bacon, underripe tomatoes, faux cheese, and served on a rubbery bun. Will never order from Frank's again.Awesome steak and burger place!! Friendly staff and food is yummy!!!! Can't wait to eat here again!! 100% my new quick steak place!I love this place their steaks are amazing one day I had a craving for a cheesesteak and trust and believe this place will not let you down. the steak was very tender . keep up  the great work.This is one of the best cheesesteak places I've eaten at in a very long time. Quality definitely comes to mind when I think of Franks Streaks....First impression definitely went well ! Don't let the reviews discourage you from stopping by !!! 
My wife came across Franks online while looking for some place new to eat . She didn't tell me where we were going , so I couldn't do my research ahead of time lol . 
When we pulled up , I was surprised to see that we were in front of a cheesesteak place , considering that my wife is from Philly and you know how serious Philadelphians take their cheesesteaks . 
I actually never expected for there to be so many different opinions when it comes to "the best Philly cheesesteak". And when it comes down to critiquing Franks , I think it's all about what you prefer . 
This review is based on MY OWN likes . 
I am the type of person that doesn't like messy sandwich's ; food period . With that being said , the fact that Franks does not overstuff the roll with meat and toppings was a plus for me . Although , if I'm going to be honest , they could use just a touch more . 
Also , I love bread . Any type of bread . So I was hoping for a good roll ; which Franks came through with ! It was toasted to my liking on the outside and still very soft on the inside . 
I asked for onions and peppers . Both were cooked perfectly ; but maybe just a little too much peppers . 
Then , I chose to try the cheese that they melt themselves . IT WAS EVERYTHING  And that means a lot coming from my cheese lovin' ass . 
Last but not least , THE FRIIIIEEEESSSS . 
They are on the thicker side , but sooo good . Wish mine were fried a little harder , a mistake most places make when selling thicker fries . 
Oh , side note : 
The pickles are alllll thaaaat . 
I don't know what they are soaking them bad boys in , but it's DELICIOUS . So try them .
My final thoughts are , YES , I would recommend this place . The quality of the meat and all that went into the cheesesteak along with the fries , was a hit ! I will be returning .Finding parking was a big problem. The parking authority is constantly walking around looking to give you ticket. This spot is a gem. Definitely the best cheese steak I've ever had. I been to all the places. You name it. Dalesandros, Jim's, Pats, Steve's, John's, Joe's. This place is the best. The food is great and even though there were a lot of people waiting, the service was very fast. Highly recommended!I ordered a chicken steak..got home to see they gave me beef :(.  Medium amount of meat and just so so quality.  The bacon cheese fries had a poor presentation...not much cheese and they didn't crumble the bacon much. Not impressed. Hoping they can improve.Ever had a cheese steak you couldn't finish? Here you will. Dry meat, under seasoned, day old bread. Rude employees. Took 25 minutes for a busted steak. And believe me folks, I'm in the food business. I would never bash anyone, but this place is crazy horribleThis place used to be good, its a shame.  The guy behind the counter with the gauges in his ears was high as a kite.  I should have known then something was gonna go wrong.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and waited as they flagged down the cook who was smoking out back.  Yo we have orders up here!!  Where are you?!  I get home and open the bag and see a cheesesteak.  Whats this?  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, oh well Ill eat a cheesesteak I guess no biggie.  I bite into it, its got mayo on it!  Good God man!!!  What kind of monster puts mayo on a philly cheesesteak?  You should be banned from touching a cheesesteak ever again mr smoky cook dude!!  At least they got the fries right.  Wont be back.order from here today have not order from them in a while , so i thought i would give them a try  and the steak and fries was very good until i bit down on something hard in my steak don't know if it was bone or stuff from the grill and i almost broke my tooth , so i do not plan on returning here .I ordered from Door Dash, the fries were good but the cheesesteak was horrible. Meat was very chewy and nasty. I only ate less than half before it got thrown out.Best steak at Norteast philly lovely staff , try steak fries specially with whiz , I will definitely stop againI have been meaning stop in here since it opened about a year ago. Today was the day, with the kids in tow.  We took three to go, basic Cheesesteaks with American, nothing to fancy.  The staff was very friendly and even gave my girls some fresher baked cookies while they waited. The review would be 4.5 Stars if yelped allowed it, on a scale from 1-10, a solid 8.9.   We had about a 15 minute ride home, with the steaks keeping warm on the heated seat( yes, turned them every few minutes to keep them warm all the way around).   Upon opening the sandwich, you notice the weight(heavy), and a good looking Roll.  Great looking sandwich, but how does it taste?  It was a good Cheesesteak, quality Ribeye that was flavorful, without the help of any over seasoning, along with a good creamy American Cheese that was melted throughout the Sandwich.  The Roll was soft but had a little more crisp at the bottom, and you knew you bit all the way through when you hit the point.  The meat, cheese and roll, all worked really well together.  All of us agreed that it was a good quality sandwich.    I can assure you, I'll be back and so will you.  Enjoy!I was online today looking for a good place to get a steak and this place stood out to me and I must say amazing steak and fries keep up the good work told my husband about this place this is my go to spot for food , don't change anything great customer service the young man who brought the food was very friendly . I will be back  and if you want something real and tasty this is the placeHonestly I am quite shocked to see all the bad reviews for this place. I'm a traditional Philadelphian and I've been to a lot of steak places throughout the city. I'm been loyal to Steve's for years. Today I wanted to try the new kid Franks and it didn't disappoint.
I got there around noon and it was dead. I was the only one in the store. I ordered the mushroom with wiz. First off the roll is fantastic! Very fresh and it complimented the steak well. The onions and mushrooms were cooked to perfection! Though the mushrooms were scarce, they were good. The highlight was the steak itself. It was fresh, tender and delicious. It was also a very nice size and they weren't cheap with the meat.
The prices were reasonable and well worth it. The girls at the counter were nice. The fountain machine wasn't working, that was a bummer. I had to settle for cans. Next time I'm in the mood for a good cheesesteak, I know where I'm going. Solid 4 stars.This place has the best chicken cheese steaks in the northeast. The quality of the rolls, cheese, and chicken were noticeable. The grill guy looked like an engineer on the grill. So meticulous and perfect. So excited to see them open up a location near my house. Wish them the best of luck with their venture.Great steaks quick delivery reasonable prices! Going for second's very addictive just go for it you'll be 100% satisfiedI tried Frank's Steaks in Mayfair for the first time. Got a Chicken Steak with onions for my wife, which she said was good. I got a regular steak for myself, it seemed the more I ate the tougher and more chewy the meat was. I was really disappointed. I would be afraid to buy another steak from this establishment. Sorry, but you said you wanted an honest opinion.Was craving for classic cheesesteak. Found this place on yelp and just want to give it a try. Sadly the place isn't as good as we have thought. We got the the double meat cheesesteak with cheese wiz and another one for American cheese. Feel like the cheese wiz was overly salty. Definitely can find a better place.I ordered from Frank's a while ago, I can't review delivery as I picked up my order. My husbands cheesesteak was ok the fries were cooked well. Now on to my cheesesteak. Cheesesteak wiz extra wiz no onions. My cheesesteak SUCKED, meat was overcooked and burnt, they barely put any cheese on it just a knife swipe..smh all I could taste was burnt meat and oil. WORST cheesesteak I've ever had. Way overpriced as well. I will never order from here again. There are so many great places to get a cheesesteak in the area this definitely isn't one of them.The best cheese steaks, hot pork sandwiches and crispiest fries in Northeast Philly. Great addition to the Mayfair menu of take out!About 5th time ive eatin here. Great everytime. Staff is great. Owner is great. I will be back saturday. I cant believe this place has bad reviewsFirst time here and it was FANTASTIC!! The restaurant is small, clean, and inviting. The staff was courteous and attentive. The steak ... OMG!! The bread was crusty on top and deliciously chewy in the middle. Dense enough to hold the weight of the meat amd cheese without being overly filling. The meat was tender and flavorful. The cheese was quality and the fried onions were perfectly sauteed. This was a great option for an afternoon lunch before heading to the book store. Whether you're a cheesesteak connisuer or a tourist looking to try a genuine Philly staple I strongly suggest you go to Frank's!Wings/ friessssss bombbbbbb one of the best places in philly, you will not be disappointedLOVIN this place. just has good flavor. a little on the pricey side guys. but your staff is nice and food is delish.I have been in Philly for quite some time and had my share of Philly cheese steaks...some good..some bad...some meh...although this wasn't the worst I ever had.. it wasn't that great either and I don't see myself coming back to this place specifically for a cheese steak, however, I am open to trying other things on the menu.  I purchased a combo, which included a 12 inch cheesesteak, a canned beverage, and  a few steak fries (no, I am not joking...there were literally a few...no more than 7 at the most) and the combo came up to $15 after tax....way too overpriced in my book. I just happened to be in the neighborhood and I was hungry and so I thought I would give it the good ole college try.Found this place on Grubhub. The extensive dessert menu is calling me. I have ordered 2 peanut butter cake, 1 strawberry shortcake, 1 peanut butter milkshake, 2 mozzarella sticks, and a cheesesteak. If you are wondering why so much peanut butter, I got a peanut buttery taste today lol.... 
I placed a order at 11:45pm and received the order at 12:45am. If you are wondering the hotness of my food, my mozzarella sticks were cold. Cheesesteak looks dry and cold. My PB milkshake were kind of watery. The mozzarella sticks are overly salty. Cheesesteak were nasty, it was cold and dry, I asked for ketchup but none were on it or on the side. The only thing that is passable are the milkshakes and the cakes.Ordered a cheesesteak with provolone and pickles and a side of fries via GrubHub. Steak roll was soft, plenty of cheese, steak was a little dry but it had plenty of meat. They put the pickles between the steak and roll which I appreciate, when it's on top it's a mess. Fries were very good. Not fresh cut, but very good. My mom got a pizza steak and the sauce tasted like red pasta sauce, meat was a little fatty, and it had very little cheese. She did love the fries, though. Definitely get the cheesesteak and fries, avoid the pizza steak.Order off of door dash and boy was I Surprise how great that cheesesteak was! I would most definitely recommend for anyone trying to enjoy a good steakJust ordered from here through Grubhub for the first time ever. I usually get American cheesesteak wit but felt like wiz today. So wiz steak, extra whiz with mushrooms and onions. The steak was tender and the roll was soft and there was actually extra cheese on it- covered both sides of the roll and meat/ just the way I like it. Only two complaints would be 1 there were many onions on the steak. The other complaint is a grubhub complaint not Frank's themselves. My son also got the boneless bbq wings- I didn't try one but they looked good they looked coated in the sauce but not swimming. He likes them. My fries were cold so I can't review them but they was the complaint about grubhub because no one notified me my order was in the door for 15 minutes. And the milkshake was meaty so we didn't drink it but out of the food I had it was good.Placed and order with UberEats. After my order was picked up, it was then canceled. I called and spoke to a girl who told me to call Uber because it was not their fault. Uber then told me that I had to speak with the store. I called the store back at 10:50 PM (the close at 11) and no one answered. I let the phone ring for 10 minutes straight and finally someone answered saying that they were now closed and couldn't help me. I was definitely just robbed from Uber and Franks Steaks and Burgers; and was very unprofessionally brushed off and disregarded because they clearly didn't want to have to deal with an issue close to their closing time; even though I placed the order at 10:30.
They very obviously ducked my call. Really lousy thing to do to your customers Frank.The burger was great. After a hour & a half wait for my delivery I won't be using them again. Had the delivery person had not had on a Frank's shirt I wouldn't have expected at least Ann apology. If my order had be maybe an hour late I could have given more stars, but an hour & a half wait on a Sunday night without an apology is bad customer service. My first & last order.Great presentation and taste. Friendly staff and overall good experience. Definitely need to try everything on the menu!Only gave 2 stars because it's too expensive. Especially for this neighborhood. There is always another steak/burger restaurant in the area.The cheesesteak was really good, nice fresh roll, no Amaroso nonsense, it was a Liscio's roll, the waffle fries were good but the oil was old, I had to use GrubHub for delivery since they don't deliver to homes, that will limit the times I order, definitely have to try the deep-fried Oreos next time, will definitely be backMy first time having Franks Cheesesteaks and they  are Delicious.Fried Oreos and Fried cheesecake are another plus I'm so glad they opened this place in our neighborhood!Now I can get my fried Oreos whenever !And the staff was also very nice.Ordered from Frank's Steaks on Sunday.1st time I ordered from there.I ordered a cheestake.It was horrible.Should of been called a piece of crap steak.Pieces of hard meats surrounding by fat.Onion rings so greasy.Chicken Tenders, Should be called chicken tenderless!!.Also got a Bacon.egg cheeseburger, that sucked.The only thing good was mozzarella sticks.But I will starve first before I order from themCame here after seeing it off Frankford Ave. Was a lil pricey at $33.43 for two people. I was a lil annoyed at the fact I said to the chick at the register after I got the cost, "Thats a lil high" and she never mentioned the coupons on their menu. As far as the food, not bad. We did get a lot of it and my cheesesteak hoagie was full of meat. My gf like her cheesesteak as well. Overall ok place. Would come back as long as I use the coupons lol.Chicken cheesesteak was bangin'. None of this tiny shreds of chicken business the other spots give you. Nice size chunks, lightly seasoned. The rolls are official. Fresh, soft but not soggy. The cheesesteak fries are brilliant, they taste as good as they sound. They use nice, thick fries, none of this dry or hard crap you'll find elsewhere. And the fried Oreos are a nice light dessert, just enough to satisfy that sweet craving after a savory meal. Food got to me in less than 45 minutes on a Friday evening.Best steaks in the Northeast right now.
Yeah, it's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for here. Money well spent. Their steaks are packed, if I'm ordering with my girl we'll usually get the double steak and split it. Otherwise I'm fighting to finish the second half and the fries. And I'm not some lightweight weenie who can't eat, post-workout I can easily put down a whole large pie or a 12 pack of tacos from Taco Bell. This steak is PACKED.
Also would recommend the chicken cheesesteak if beef isn't your thing. I like the fact that they use actual pieces of chicken instead of the Philly Chicken Steaks that most places use. Also, their sharp provolone is great and actually sharp, unlike some other places that wouldn't know what "sharp" meant if it shanked them in prison.
I hope they stick around, Frank's is already shaping up to be a staple of the area.Ordered from Frank's off Door Dash and got the cheesesteak (w/ provolone), fries, and can of soda deal for about $14. Steak was good, plenty of meat, and the roll was fresh with a good bite to it. Fries were unique, seasoned perhaps with a little batter and slightly thinner than steak cut. I thought $14 was a little pricey until I saw the amount of meat included, it's a good price for a quality product.I've had many cheesesteaks in my life and this is easily top 5. They have an awesome lunch special mon-fri. 12-inch steak, fries and fountain drink $9.99. The food is fresh, bread is amazing and a nice portion of steak. I will definitely frequent this establishment.Really good chicken steak with fried onions, definitely will go back and try more! Order was quick and on point.I tried them out on DoorDash. I ordered a cheesesteak fries and burger. I was very satisfied. Packaged nicely and covid friendly. Also, they supplied napkins and ketchup without even having to ask. 
Food was good. Basic meal nothing spectacular flavor wise but served nice and neat, hot, and my order was correct. I definitely recommend and will be trying other menu options soon.I ordered a cheesesteak, cheese fries and deep fried cheesecake. I asked for salt , pepper, ketchup, fried onions on the cheesesteak. Ketchup on the cheese fries.
My steak taste like nothing. No seasoning at all. I never had a steak where you can't even taste the American cheese. Yuck!
My fries were cold and the cheez wiz was super thick.
The deep fried cheesecake was an absolute no no. It taste stale and the filling tasted like nothing.
This was my first and very last order.Franks Steaks are usually very good they have been our go to local steak sandwich place since they opened, but the last few times we ordered for delivery the time for food to arrive is getting longer and longer. The first few years they opened delivery time would usually be 1/2 hr or less, now since COVID the last delivery time in May was 1 hr. Today's 6/05 delivery was 1 hr. and 15 mins. and COLD Mushroom steak and fries, I feel the food would have excellent as usual if it were HOT. For the premium price you pay for their products I would expect better. I guess great things never last. I will be NO LONGER ordering from Franks Steaks. At this time I would only consider Franks for pick up or dine in.My order was two sirloin cheesesteaks with american cheese, mushrooms, and sweet peppers.  The size of the sandwiches were impressive, they were well-cooked, juicy, well-seasoned, and cheese nicely melted.  At $12 a sandwich, the price was a bit high, but the quality and speed of service were excellent.  I can't vouch for anything else, as all I had was a cheesesteak, but it was damn good.  Next time, I'll try something else.
It's a small place, just takeout and delivery with only a couple chairs inside or outside.  They have only street parking, but it's usually available.The finest steak establishment in the area. I moved here a couple weeks ago and now find myself to be a "frequent Franker" One bite of their wiz wit cheesesteak will send you into Cheesesteak heaven. The only downside is the incredible sadness/depression I experience when I take my last bite and my sandwich is all gone. If they had a yearly membership to get 1 cheesesteak a day for the entire year, I'd gladly join without hesitationThe customer service was good. The cheese steaks are better now . The waffle fries with whiz are good. They stepped up their game since the pandemic. Keep improving.The food look good but trust me when I say it does not taste good. The food is very bland and we will not be returning ever. The customer service was good though nice pregnant lady.I got the cheesesteak.  Looking at these photos reminds me how great that roll and deep fried cheeses cake were. I have a new go-to NE philly spot. Great food, people and place.I was around the area and was craving some cheesesteak. This was the closest one when I was around there so I decided to give it a go.
The cheesesteak I got had two things, cheese wiz and some fried onions in it. Delicious juicy steak that explodes in your mouth with the taste of the cheese wiz. A great classic combination that coats your mouth. Sadly the fried onions were almost nonexistent. You get a little bit of it once in a blue moon. The bread itself was a bit disappointing. Very soft and limp so it made it slightly stretchy.
In the end it was still really good, and I devoured it. If they had nice toasted bread that would be amazing. Definitely needed more fried onions spread evenly throughout. If those were up to par then this would've been a 5 star.Went to Frank's today for a cheesesteak. I called ahead and went to pick it up. The staff member was very friendly over the phone and when I arrived to pickup. They have plastic barriers in place for COVID which were nice and felt very safe. I went mid afternoon but it was still fairly busy. Even though it was busy, they were working fast to make the steaks and mine was done as soon as I got there, on time. 
The cheesesteak itself was pretty good! The meat was a little on the chewier side which I didn't totally love. Some people may prefer that but I like them a bit more lean and more chopped. The meat did taste fresh and the cheese was melted perfectly. I had American cheese and cheese wiz, without onions. The roll was fresh and tasty. I ordered a bottle of water with the cheesesteak as well, all for about $10. 
I decided to eat outside. They has some tables on the sidewalk which was nice because a lot of spots are takeout only with no option to eat inside. Overall my experience was really positive. There's a ton of good cheesesteak places in the area which raises the bar (thus the 4/5 star rating). It's not the best cheesesteak in my opinion but it was a solid option and a fair price. I'd return.