Diner- esque experience.  DO NOT WATSE YOUR TIME! CHECK RECENT REVIEWS!  MANY 1 STARS AND ROACH SIGHTINGS! 
I'm unsure how this restaurant is still in business.  My wife and I chose this restaurant due to its location and we love Italian cuisine and ambiance.  The decor and service were nothing like we expected.  I'm in utter shock that this restaurant shares the same location as some of the prime eating destinations in Philadelphia.  This was a cheap diner experience except that it cost well over $100 due to over- charging for low-income grade drinks and food.  
Shockingly, the staff didn't remove the regular specials and just inserted the restaurant week menu over.  The regular special was a $25 prix fixe 3 course meal that was almost identical to the restaurant week menu except for offering caeser salad, lobster ravioli, and a dessert but $10 cheaper.  I could have had my same meal minus dessert for ten dollars less if it wasn't restaurant week.  Disgrace to the city.  Even the service was mediocre, impersonal, and rushed.
If you want box pasta for premium prices, this is the spot. How about bad bar drinks in water glasses for the same price as a martini at capital grille? I will never return here and I recommend for you to save your money or go to another restaurant to actually get your money's worth.  There are so many amazing selections in the same vicinity that you will get premium service, drinks, and atmosphere for around the same price.Fratelli's is an upscale Bertucci's. It wasn't bad and definitely deserve good. Got Mozzarella Fritta and it was more like Mozzarella Sticks that you would get at a pizza joint. Got two entrees that I probably could've made myself. Not restaurant quality. Also the side salads were drenched with Italian dressing. Also the bread was more like sliced Potato bread. Nothing special. The only good part about the restaurant is their painting on the wall next to the bar. Won't be backMy sister and new brother in law hosted their rehearsal dinner here.  It was walking distance from the Union League where their rehearsal was.  Cute little place, and our server was great. The salad, eggplant parm, desert and wine were all great. The desert was the best tiramisu any of us had ever had (we couldn't stop talking about it!).
I would recommend this place for sure.Food was extremely subpar for the price. Slow unattentive serviceThe dining area was about half full on a Tuesday night and yet the wait for the food was incredibly long - over an hour for the entrees.  I must have contemplated several times making my way across the street to the Olive Garden to get me some Tour-Of-Italy along with some free salad and breadsticks.  
As an app, the warm crab cheesecake is can't miss.  For entrees, the Tuna Livornese was passable with an ice cream sized scoop of linguini.  My fellow diners enjoyed the Salmon and Lobster Ravioli.  However when it was all said and done, the wait just killed the dining experience.We held a rehearsal dinner with 50 guests at Fratelli's on a Thursday night.  Our guests were heavy wine drinkers so finding a BYO establishment was important to our wallets.  The planning process with John was very easy and he let us drop off 24 bottles of wine the morning of the event.  While we did not have a dedicated "private dining room", our area was essentially separated from the remainder of the restaurant.  Our guests really enjoyed the food and the service was very good.  We are extremely happy that we chose Fratelli's to host our rehearsal dinner!Simple terrible And over priced. Over confident wait staff who thinks they deserve your money, rude and not welcoming, this place needs a tune up. Way too expensive. Only go if you buy the groupon, not worth it otherwise !Cold store-bought bread, boxed pasta, canned mushrooms, skunky shrimp.  My boyfriend had the yellowfin tuna which was cooked until solid gray and chewy.  I typically refrain from writing bad reviews, but we spent over $100 and completely wasted one of three dinners while visiting Philly.Great sandwiches!! Service can be unattentive but the food and value are worth it. Best for lunch.We tried Fratelli's for dinner mid-week while in town on business.  Coming from the South, I wanted some good Italian food while in town since it's hard to find (in non-chain form) where I'm from.  While I would have loved to try some of the other well-reviewed places in Philly, my dining companions were not so adventurous.  They wanted chain food.  We compromised on Fratelli's and it hit the spot for our varied group.  Just good simple Italian food.  Was it the best Italian I've ever had? No. I would call it similar to some popular high end Italian chain restaurants. But it was solid, and pleased everyone in our group.Nice atmosphere. Grilled salmon was good. Homemade lasagna good. Bread was  disappointing compared to the food. Service was good. Not sure if I would return as there are so many great Italian restaurants in philly.Went at 8 pm on a sat night with fiance an got seated right away which was great the food was Amazing .. We spilt a drink on accident they replaced it and cleaned it up no problem the wait staff wAs good over all 5 stars will def b coming back :)Great food, good service. Love the authentic rustic flavor of the dishes. We will be backI've been here a few times, last night being the most recent visit.  It's a nice little Italian Bistro with some pretty decent food.  Every time I've come here I've used a Groupon; without them I don't think I'd have come b/c it's pretty expensive and there are so many other really good, authentic Italian restaurants in the area.  But with the Groupons we've gotten pretty good value, and I've enjoyed my meals.  I've read some negative things about the service here, but our servers have always been great, no complaints there.  
I had the chicken marsala last night, not the best I've ever had but not a bad version, with lots of mushrooms and large portion size.  They let me substitute the potatoes and veggies for the pasta, which I appreciated.  My main gripe about last night's meal was the salad - although the dressing (Balsamic) was good, I wish they'd put more in it than just lettuce and a few halved cherry tomatoes.  My cousins got the chicken Battuta and the tilapia - both looked pretty good, although I didn't actually hear how they liked their entrees.  I had a lemon creme brulee for dessert, and that was very good.  In the past I've gotten the pre-fixe chicken parm with calamari as an appetizer - the parm was really good, the calamari was just ok - it definitely wasn't fresh, and was a bit rubbery.  
This is a solid Italian restaurant with a nice ambiance, fairly average food and good service, at least in my experience.  Some other reviewers have compared it to the Olive Garden, but I think they're better than that.  However, with so many other good Italian restaurants in the city I wouldn't return without the Groupons.  As long as they keep offering them, I'll keep coming back, though.Great caesar salad and excellent margarita flatbread. All ingredients were fresh and tasty. I ordered delivery to my hotel and am pleased with this choice.Food was great! We made a reservation but the service was prompt and we didn't wait long at all (7pm on a Saturday) and it was packed! Crab cake was delicious.  My husband enjoyed the brushetta! We used a Groupon and had no problems. Will come again!we enjoyed our food, the server was professional, the atmosphere delightful.This place does not even deserve one star. To start off with, the waiter had no interest in being there and had a I-don't-care attitude. When he went to go pour water in my sisters glass he reached across my fathers face with half of his body, almost spilling on my sister and her phone. 
On to the food. The complimentary bread was cold as if it was just taken out of the fridge, and the butter was rock solid. I ordered a glass of wine that the waiter suggested and it tasted cheap and was overpriced. For dinner I ordered the yellowtail tuna that I was told was grilled sushi style, meaning the inside was supposed to be raw.  It was over cooked, giving it the taste of tuna from a can. It also said it came with grilled fresh veggies, when in reality it came with 4 thin slices of zucchini. My sisters ordered the chili pepper chicken rigatoni and the chicken Marsala, the rigatoni was hard so my sister sent it back, he brought out a whole new dish and the pasta was even more undercooked. Not only was the pasta undercooked, but they had obviously tried to add an Italian flare, which ended in a mess. It was way too spicy,  and the menu didn't even mention that it was spicy. The chicken Marsala was over cooked and dry; it was nothing impressive. My father would never complain about a meal but even he said his pasta Diablo was no good. 
The waiter noticed I was not touching my Tuna and took it off of our check. He said that we could get a desert with the money from the tuna. I ordered carrot cake for dessert which, to my surprise, was actually pretty good, but I wouldn't go back for it. 
Overall, this place was over priced and the food was just not good, by the end of the night even the waiter could see that we were unhappy with all the food. 
Would never bother returning unless there was a new chef.I wondered why it was so easy to get a reservation on a Friday evening when every place around was booked....well, mediocrity is the reason.
This is a typical Italian joint without much flair or quality.  Very middle of the road.  I had a spicy chili pepper  pasta (rigatoni) dish that actually wasn't that bad, except the pasta wasn't that fresh.  One of my dinner companions had a pasta and chicken dish and it looked awful,  covered in a brown sauce that looked like it was mixed from a packet.  He ended up eating only a small portion, and said the chicken was rubbery. 
Others seemed OK with their choices.
Service was slow and complacent, yet as we were nearing finish they couldn't rush enough to clean up and get us out. They were even trying to remove the plates before we were done. Odd becuase the restaurant was half empty and no need for the table.
I doubt I'd be able to recommend it.From the man at the bar wearing a bud light t-shirt to the light bulbs out to the obnoxiously loud groups that have wondered in here after work, the atmosphere is definitely lacking.  The food was alright, but over priced given that we equated it to a metropolitan Denny's.  We wouldn't recommend it.Food was average, nothing special. Services was crap. Waitress have the expression of not wanting to be there the entire time. Had a fruit fly in my friend's soup and she did not apologize or anything about.
Will not come back, even if it was free.This is my "go to place" for simple we'll prepared, well priced Italian food. He staff is always friendly and welcoming. The food is dependably excellent. I love the salads. Freshly prepared, crisp and interesting.When we got there it was empty and that should have been the first clue. The FOOD was horrible. It was greasy and I got a stomachache.
Also, the waitress gave us the wrong bill. Luckily we checked it first. 
In addition they  promised us parking was $ 10 but they were out of vouchers. However when we got to the parking garage they charged us $20! 
Also, they cancelled our reservation on OpenTable so we couldn't get our points.
When the bread was served it came with frozen butter. Most ItLain restaurants serve oil.
On the positive the waitress seemed nice and the service was fast. 
Three strikes your out!!!!Let me begin with this - Our waitress was D-R-U-N-K
Now, four of us got there at 9PM, and were quickly seated within 5-10 mins. Good.
Next, our waitress comes by and starts speed talking through the specials, as she switched between staring at the ceiling and squinting her eyes close and open. She also reeked of alcohol. 
We ordered our food: 
1) Fiery Mussels - My friend LOVED them
2) Apple Walnut Spinach Salad - We all thought it was great
3) Eggplant Rolatine - I really liked it; the marinara sauce is rich in flavor is so is the stuffing. 
4) Margarita Flatbread - My friend, who is an extremely picky eater, loved it. 
5) Sangria (Red) - We did not like it. It was watered down red wine, with no signature taste of its own. Eh...I've MADE better.
Finally, as we are winding down our dinner:
We ask the waitress if we could split our checks based on what we got. She stares at the ceiling and then us for a good 2 minutes, till my friend asks "would it just be easier for you to split it 4 way?" She just jumps on that suggestion before my friend could finish talking, and walks away. She brought back our bills, and forgot 2 of our cards. When I asked her for mine, instead of going back to check, she tried to check the folder which she gave me, as if I were lying or blind. She went back and brought back ONE card. I ask her again, where is my card. She starts staring at the ground, as if looking for it somewhere along her path to our table. What the...?
Note for the manager at Fratelli's: Please make sure your staff is not miserable working there, or happy enough that they don't have to be drunk at work. It was hard for us friends to enjoy our reunion while this circus was in play.So far I've had the "crab cakes" they are really crab balls. Then I'm not sure if it's because of restaurant week or if it's there usual but the crab balls were inconsistent, some had real crab meat in them while most (2) because they only give you three were filled with bottom grade China town imitation crab meat. I'm waiting on my main portion now which the waitress described to be huge. LVery accommodating, very friendly, and absolutely delicious.  John in particular  treated us as guests - just an excellent Italian dinner in a terrific location.I should have lowered expectations when I walked in and the host was wearing a Flyers T-shirt. Simply put, this place is pretending to be something that it isn't. It wants to be an upscale center city dining experience but the food was more indicative of a neighborhood pizzeria. We tried the fried calamari, the veal parm and the linguini with crab. The food was good but nothing to write home about for the price ... And we are never one to complain about price when the food is truly worth the cost associated with it. On the upside, the server was fantastic and very attentive, especially with our kids. All in all, I'd pass this one up when you're in a city like Philly with a plethora of great dining establishments.Wow what a disappointment. I've eaten better food at Olive Garden sad to say. We went on a Sunday afternoon, the place is almost empty....Forshadowing??? 
We ordered Lobster ravioli, cheese ravioli, crab cheesecake appetizer, a salad and the bruschetta. 
The pasta is over priced at 23.75 and 20 bucks I would expect fresh food. The waitress insisted the pasta is made fresh everyday. I would assume that would be true if you actually sold out the previous day. The joint is empty and I work around the corner they aren't selling out. I didn't finish ravioli it was sour as hell. 
The crab cheesecake.... Yes it's real crab. No there's no seasoning or flavor. 
Maybe this just a personal pet peeve but any decent Italian place gives you bread and oil. Not butter especially cold hard butter. 
The plus side. There's alcohol.Service was SLOW. The restaurant was practically empty yet they sat us directly next to a family instead of giving us any space. The host said he would get our son crayons but never did. Nothing we ate was worth the $100 spent (3 adults 1 child) only reason I'm even giving two stars is because the waitress was at least smart enough to not ask if we wanted dessert until our young son was away from the table. Needless to say we won't be returning.Firstly I want to say the meals my son and I had were good. Contrary to se reviews the noodles are freshly made the veal Marsala was very good and my son was pleased with the spaghetti and red meat sauce. The atmosphere was pleasant but commercial ( as would be expected a block from city hall). Now the wine list was minimal and did not show respect for good Italian wines. The list of entrees is small and, from my perspective, the chef showed limited imagination on what an Italian restaurant should present. My recommendation; good choice for lunch, and okay for dinner if you like a menu of familiar and traditional Italian meals.The restaurant was beautiful upon entering.  My family and I brought our own wine which was the catalyst for a great conversation until... A roach crawled up the wall. We were compensated for our food and given dessert as a "Sorry" token. The food was blahhh. But the desserts were great.This is another place that I definitely wouldn't have tried without a groupon.
As far as service goes, our waitress wasn't very friendly. Then again, it was about 2 degrees outside, so I wasn't in the friendliest mood either. We'll chalk it up to winter crankiness. 
Two friends and I ordered three dishes to share:
Penne alla vodka
Chicken battuta w/ potatoes and asparagus
Spaghetti with red sauce & meatballs 
Each entree/pasta dish comes with a side salad, which I definitely appreciate, but the pastas were just OK. The penne vodka was better than the spaghetti. The chicken came in one of those wanna-lick-the-plate-sauces, and the portion was generous.
Overall, I don't think I'd come back here. There's too much good italian food to be eaten elsewhere.The food is pretty average.  If you are in the area and your looking for a nice italian resturant, you might want to pass on this place.Food was good, not great, overpriced for what you get in my opinion.  Fast service and friendly, portions were a really good size.Took my family here for mothers day (7 people, two small children). First off, children's menu....seriously? $7, I guess it isn't a bad price but they brought the kids out entirely too much food. I knew the place was pricey but was hoping for a family feel like growing up, I expected over sized entrees. The prix fixe menu isn't bad for the price. But we had a reservation at 8, which you CLEARLY do not need, and by 8:40 I actually had to go ask who our waitress was so we could order. This place was more than half empty, no competition to the fogo de chao next door. Probably bad placement and the lack luster food doesn't help. 20 bucks for chicken parm? It was a large piece of chicken but it was just breaded in plain bread crumbs and fried. The sauce doesn't stack up enough to NOT season your chicken. They have NO DRINKS. Unless you want wine or alcohol, there is nothing they can offer you except water. I asked for drinks for my 3 year old nephews, they offered me cranberry or pineapple (WTF). The calamari was chewy, unacceptable if this is supposed to be a legit italian eatery. I got the chicken battutta, which had SO much potential, except again nothing was seasoned. 3 halves of potatoes though? Seriously? The pasta dishes my family ordered had enough angel hair to feed a small army. I don't get the point of the cold hard bread they put on the table with the cold hard butter. Couldn't heat either of those up for a minute??? The menu is SMALL , and that may be giving it too much credit. They don't have a desert menu, but if you ask they actually do have desert. We paid $9 for a slice of cheesecake. The tiramisu was small and soggy. And whoever filled the cannolis should probably stop trying. Looked horrible. The kitchen closes at 9, but they stay open until 10. Definitely gives you the feel of a chain restaurant or diner. The total bill was 225. I still can't justify the 32 per person price for this place. ALL WE HAD WAS WATER!!! It's really dark, almost hard to see the menu. The food wasn't bad overall, but I definitely feel like I overpaid for everything. Including parking. They don't have valet, but fogo's will be happy to do it for you for 25 big ones. I agree with the last guy, hit up the olive garden across the street. Definitely more bang for your buck over there. They had a half price gift card on groupon, should've seen that as a warning sign instead of a deal! Oh and don't forget they automatically add 20% gratuity to the check. Chick definitely didn't deserve a $35 tip!Stopped in for an early dinner on a Sunday late afternoon. Started off with the stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari, and the crab cheesecake. The stuffed mushrooms were actually pretty good. The fried calamari was over cooked. The crab cheesecake came out piping hot. It was actually very good too. 
For main course, my wife got gnocchi and I got a salad. The gnocchi was a decent size portion and was cooked nicely. 
The salad was an ample portion and was pretty tasty. 
As for service, our waiter was relatively inexperienced without a lot of knowledge of the menu. There was a waitress on hand who was awesome and helped out a lot.Frattelli's was great, went to celebrate a birthday and everything was delicious. I had the lobster ravioli and the sauce that it came in was very good, we also had the crab crusted tilapia and the seafood fra diavolo and all the seafood was very fresh and the portions were nicely sized, the only thing the wasn't great was the tiramisu, the taste was ok but the portion was pretty small and overpricedGreat for a business lunch or evening date. Outdoor seating, small, intimate bar area, open floor plan with high ceilings. Outstanding salads and pasta dishes. Daily specials. Great little Philly spot within walking distance from City Hall and other touristy sites.The ambiance was good but the food could of been better...also took too long to come out. The Penn Vodka was good.Overall, a solid meal. Nothing was bad and I have no negatives, but here is room for improvement. The chicken parm was good, but I've had better; calamari also good, but not the best I've ever had. Price was on point for center city, but would have liked the food to be just a touch better.This place was just OK.  I feel like I paid more for the location of the restaurant than I did for the quality of the food.I honestly never write reviews but this is merited. My family has been coming here for years after the light show at Macys. However the staff today was so rude I don't want to ever go back.  We arrived at 12 with 4 adults,  4 kids and were told despite 3 open 4 tops, the only place they could fit us was 1 large 6 seat bar
Height table.  Purportedly the other tables were reserved but I watched closely and that was not the case. It was pretty clear to me they didn't want to seat us with the kids, especially in the nice open window seat area. Clearly saving it for what they felt like would be more higher paying customers. We ended up at the high top and felt the entire meal like we were a burden.  Listen I understand kids aren't appropriate everywhere.  But this is a very casual sandwich type spot and our kids were very well behaved the entire time.  Other things irritated me too... i.e. bringing the kids food not just last but several minutes after everyone else, telling us there weren't any crayons and then when asking a second time finding crayons somehow, never once checking to see if we needed anything else after dropping the food off etc.  Just bad service and worse attitude.  Food is passable (basic burgers, mediocre fries etc) but frankly half the reason we come here is bc this is super basic stuff. .. that's why it always felt kid friendly. Until today.Fratelli's location makes it a great choice for a meal before a show at any of the theaters on the Avenue of the Arts.
We arrived in time for happy hour - reduced price appetizers and drinks.  Flatbread appetizer with sausage arrived hot and crispy but lacked any seasoning.  The bartender is good - perfect martinis! But several of the house wines were not available.  Surprising - how does a restaurant run out of Riesling, Pinot Grigio and white Zinfandel at 6 pm on a Friday night??  The waitress suggested another wine which was not on the happy hour menu, which we didn't realize until the bill came.  Felt a bit like bait and switch.
We stayed for dinner.  Bread arrived dry and cold. Butter was icy - Olive oil for dipping would be a better offering for an Italian restaurant. An excellent salad comes with the entree - large and very fresh. Pasta entrees were very good - gnocchi with walnut cream sauce was memorable - but the tomato based sauces were bland.  Cheesecake dessert was excellent.I went to this place thru a Groupon deal.  When my family and I went in, the male waiter (the one with spiky hair) gave us the lunch menu instead of the dinner one.  He was constantly rolling his eyes at  us.  I felt that he was really unprofessional and didn't want our business.  When my dad ordered his entree, one of the sauces was "wasabi aioli" and he suggested to my dad to get that.  I was shocked.  Did the waiter suggested that because we're Asian?  Afterwards, he also got our orders wrong.  When I told him that, he actually sighed at our faces while rolling his eyes at us.  He even said it was because he heard us wrong. Really?  Because when we ordered, we actually said it and pointed at the menu at the same time.  And when we were about done with our food, he just put our check on our table.  When I looked at the check, it was full price instead of the Groupon deal discount.  I did called beforehand for a reservation telling them I have a Groupon deal and they said it was ok.  So I have to flagged down this guy again telling him we actually have a Groupon voucher.  He again rolled his eyes at us.  I'll never go back to this place again.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.Breaks my heart. I used to love this place. Their food was decent. Until my last two experiences here were horrible. This older lady who seated us, was super rude. She pretty much told us , do u really want to eat here ? Coz then I can try and seat you. I was like "whatt?"   Then our server was just obnoxiously rude to us. They tried to rush us. We wanted to order an appetizer and then look at menu for main course. But the server pretty much was like "I will just come back when you know what you really want"  
Sadly to say, even though their food is not bad, I am not returning to this place ever. Their food is not worth dealing with bad  service.I honestly hate leaving poor reviews, because I know business owners can't control everything that goes on in their establishment 100% of the time. 
However, I was pretty disappointed with the quality of the entrees. 
The good: the salads were quite good. Presentation was good. Dressings were good. 
What we ordered:
Atlantic Salmon with Wasabi sauce: Fish was a bit dry. Did not fall apart when prodded with the fork. The wasabi sauce tasted like mayo. Potatoes were good, but nothing great. 
Alfredo:
Honestly, for a $17 bowl of pasta (no chicken at this price-point), it was extremely disappointing. The sauce was so unremarkable, they would have been better off using a $1.89 jar of Prego. Absolutely no flavor. Watered down. 
To make it worse, there were large clumps of uncooked pasta through out the dish. 
Now, I understand that this is not fine dining. However, this place is not inexpensive, either. As someone said, you may be better served by going to Olive Garden.My date and I sent back most of the food :( The veal marsala was oily, and not in the good way with nice olive oil. Even the bruschetta was drowned in balsamic vinegar.
I realize this is an Italian place, but we asked for a Margarita, and they said they could make it. Waiter came back with a pint glass of tequila and orange juice. They should just say they don't make it then..
Service was good but they need new people in the kitchen.This was by far the worst Italian food I think I've ever had. Please just go across the street to Olive Garden and you will have a better experience (and I do not like Olive Garden so this is saying a lot).
First of the ambiance of this place is just slightly more upscale than your local pizza dive.  The tables and floors are filthy and the servers are inexperienced.
The food was just absolutely disgusting.  We started with the calamari and it was overcooked, rubbery, and tasted like it was frozen (not fresh!).  The salads were next and they were soaked in dressing so much that we didn't even try to finish them.  Our entrees were made with cheap ingredients and did not taste fresh.  Two of us got sick within 5 hours after finishing our meal here. Needless to say, we passed on dessert.
The food was ridiculously overpriced and the service was not great.
I will never be back and I will be sure to spread the word about this place. I felt like I was ripped off entirely.My party of three was glad they took Restaurant.com certificates, but we all wanted to order flatbreads; they even had a specific section on the menu for flatbreads.  We placed our order, and then found out there were no flatbreads that day.  Confusing, to say the least.  The food was okay; my friends had the soup of the day and they said it was delicious! 
I don't know that I would go out of my way to dine here again unless I had another coupon.It wasnt impressive as far as ambiance is concerned. The food was pretty good though, but it had some space to improve. The complimentary salad needs a new in-house dressing!Italian restaurants smell like Italian restaurants. This place does not smell like they are cooking anything. Nicely decorated yes, ambiance no. 
We called late on a Friday evening and were able to get a reservation one hour later. We arrived at thirty minutes early and asked to be seated when they had an open table. we had a drink while we watched several empty tables sit empty. The hostess checked with one of two men (that appeared to be brothers/owners) but we were required to wait. The drinks were strong pours and priced high. Promptly at our reservation time we were seated (still several empty tables throughout the place). My wife ordered the Chicken Parm with pasta with a sage butter sauce. She said the only flavor on her plate was the sage butter sauce and the chicken tasted as if it were frozen. My lasagna was bland and had very little sauce. The busboy cleared the table but did not tell the server that there were obvious problems with the meals.Worst Parm ever!  There is an Olive Garden (not high on my list) across the street and this place must survive on the folks that don't want to wait in line for their dinner. The quantity of the food was large the quality very small. The two brothers were more interested in the basketball game on the tv than what was going on in the restaurant.I recently had dinner here on a quiet Sunday evening, the place was basically empty so our party of four was seated very quickly. The staff was fun and helpful and very personable. 
Food was decent, tasty Italian, but nothing too different and exciting. I had the gnocchi with the Gorgonzola walnut sauce and it was very bland, which is odd for a Gorgonzola base, but it was still ok. The real standout in our dinner was the canoli's and tirimisu we had for desert. YUM!Ordered the Maccheroni Al Forno..loved all the blends of different cheeses. Could have used a little more sauce, I would definitely order again with some extra sauce. Got the food delivered but I def wanna dine in next time!My Mom and I stopped in for lunch. We had the crab cheesecake, lobster ravioli and the alfredo with shrimp. Everything was wonderful.Great food great atmosphere, took a date here for dinner and we loved everything! The Stuffed Mushrooms were amazing 10/10 in my book and my dates as well, and for the main course I had chicken parmesan, cooked to perfection and the spaghetti was prefect! My date had the veal marsala, could not ask for any better it tasted amazing! The atmosphere was great for us and the server was amazing she was there when we needed her but was not intrusive at all and helped make the night just that much better!Well, we came here just because of the groupon deal, $25 for $50. Place looked ok, nothing special. Waiter was extremely annoying. He told me that I had something on my face, like a food, or so. My bf found it extremely offensive. 
They brought bread that was cold, and butter that was hard. It would be better just to put bread to the microwave just for a little bit. 
Also, the quality of food was not good considering the price. I would put this place together with AppleBee's, based on food quality. Also the waiter basically made us buy a dessert which was $9. Also, I asked if they had hot tea, and he said yes, and just brought it. I did not want to order because I drink tea only with some desserts, and after hearing the dessert menu options I did not want tea. 
We end up paying extra $20 even after groupon deduction. 
I would not come back. There too many good places to eat in Philly to spend your time and money for this place. 
Do not come here!Meh. Service was awful, clearly didn't want to be talking to me or take my order, got my order wrong, complained vocally about not wanting to be at work in front of pretty much all the customers - and it showed given my wrong order, lack of attention overall and didn't even try to rectify the situation on the bill. I ordered the Chicken Chili pasta and got the lasagna instead, which was mediocre.Food was delicious! We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, bruschetta, Gorgonzola Gnocchi, and chicken parm. The entrees come with side salads which were so incredibly fresh. We asked out server and she confirmed they did buy the spinach that morning. 
I wouldn't be wanted our bread to be toasted and the butter a bit softer to spread. The restaurant was also ridiculously hot. We asked for the heat to be turned off-- which the staff agreed it was too hot as well.Very friendly service, delicious crab crusted tilapia.  House salad was pretty meager, but that's just a minor complaint.  I will come back!ordered salmon aurora -- sounded great in description with a lobster cream sauce. I had it delivered to my office to lunch-...
salmon wasnt cooked badly.. but the sauce was regular tomato sauce & not much of it. Noodles were completely dry w the salmon underneath which was had a light coating of sauce.  the side salad was the best part of this 22$ meal + delivery. Not worth the money.Fratelli's is my go to for a nice lunch, it's on the more affordable side and it's not a chain (aka Olive Garden across the street). The service is always amazing, very attentive and good at recommendations. My favorite eats have been: Venetian Onion Soup (one of the best onion soups imo), Sausage Stuffed Cremini Mushrooms , Avocado Crab Salad, and Chicken Valdostana.The place is nice and quiet when I got there the hose greeted me and let me a table. I ordered the mozzarella sticks and the crab ravioli. The mozzarella sticks was what to be expected of any mozzarella sticks they all taste the same but the crab ravioli was delicious and my bread was nice and soft. I would definitely go backNice atmosphere, but the food had no flavor. I had the gnocchi with tomato basil sauce, and it tasted like it was made with no extra ingredients. Another member of our our party got the penne alla vodka. Was not impressed with the noodles or sauce. Tasted like it was just made out of a can, and not made with any extra ingredients. For the price that we paid, I would've expected a lot better.Groupon was a great deal. Servers are great. Food is above average. The place is never packed for some reason, even being right in center city. I would recommend, but do expect a more casual than formal settingThis place is terrible.  My waiter was good and very polite but unfortunately he had to deliver bad food. When he brought my food to the table, it looked very plain and I asked he to wait until I tasted it.  I sent it back cuz it had not taste no flavor. I ordered Shrimp scampi and it had no seasoning in it at all.  Just pained noodles and shrimps boil in water.  He brought it back and all the chef did to it was add a few half cut cherry tomatoes. I finally told him to bring some garlic and crush pepper and I would make it so I could at least eat it and i did.  I talked to the acting manager who was the daughter of the owner and she could care less about my complaint or that the served bad food.   My bill was over $300. Over priced back food, go to Maggianos a few doors down. I wish I would have.I've only eaten in once or twice - I usually grab a to-go order from the bar.  Danielle, the bartender, is wonderful.  She's pleasant, courteous, attentive and quick.  Food comes out speedily and well packed for travel.  My favorites are the fried mozzarella, petite crab cakes and the apple walnut spinach salad, though their specials do not dissappoint either.  The food is always in large portions.  Conveniently located off Broad St, a short walk from the Walnut Locust stop.  Love it and eat there a few times a month.  Defintely check it out!I came here a few nights ago and had a horrible experience. The food was way overpriced for what we got (the penne in vodka sauce and spaghetti with meatballs - our bill came to over $50). Our bread was very dry and the butter that came with it was rock hard. The bathroom had soap all over the sink and napkins all over the floor. It looked like no one had been in there to clean up all day. Worst of all, there was a cockroach crawling on the wall of our table. The manager (I've worked in restaurants before; they're not hard to spot) did absolutely nothing about this. Not only that, but I watched him drink beer after beer at the bar while talking to his friends during a busy night.
Our server was wonderful, but that is the only positive thing I have to say about this place. If I could give it zero stars I would. I will not be coming back here and have warned all my friends and family to stay away.With the coupon is was a stupendous deal, even without it, it would have been terrific. My wife and I shared a roast Caprese salad and a Fettucine Alfredo. Both were delicious and easily enough to share. They also shake a great Martini! Out server, Casey, could not have been nicer or more efficient. It is convenient to all the theatres in the area and we will definitely be back!I went with my girl friend on a Saturday night I used an coupon I purchased from groupon. It's a nice cozy restaurant,good service but the food isn't that good, it seem under seasoned and over cooked. Actually later that night I ended up throwing up which seem to my dinner.My friends and I were trying to find a local bar to hang out during our last night Philadelphia. Most of the bars were extremely full, so we decided to walk down towards Chestnut. During the night stroll,we notice this restaurant bar was still open and decided to walk inside. We only ordered drinks, no food.
Our server, a young lady with long brunette hair (can't recall her name) was very friendly and easy to get along with. She made sure which drinks belong to who and if our orders were correct. The beers, wine glasses, and several shots we order were not overpriced!!! Also, we were able to meet the owner of Fratelli's, John! He was extremely friendly as well and has a great sense of humor. We were all able to have a conversation with him and share portions of our experiences visiting Philadelphia. My italian speaking skills were a bit rusty, but John and I were able to have a decent conversation for about 5 minutes in italiano! The vibe of this place was very laid back and welcoming. I would come back here again for drinks and hopefully have a chance to try their Italian dishes.
Thank you John for the AWESOME hospitality during our last night in Philly!!I went there with a friend after couple of hours of shopping and we just wanted some Italian food (pasta and cheese). All the other restaurants in the area has a 45min to 1hour wait, so we settled with this (bad sign!). Where shall we start? The food runner brought out bread, and it is colder than my water. So I asked them to heat it up, and I was informed that if I wanted hot bread, I had to ask for it. What kind of logic is that? Later, bread came back toasted. Then we ordered fried cheese, it's got no stretch at all. And we shared a pasta for our main course, it was still hard in the center like it has been in the freezer for the last decade. I had never thought a restaurant could mess up pasta and cheese, and this place really surprised me. Never again.Horrible. Just horrible. Just walked out a few minutes ago after my girlfriend took a sip of her Malibu & pineapple and pulled a rather large bug out of her mouth. It was made all the more terrible when we told our waitress and she responded with "oh, it was probably just a fruit fly"...WHAT!? There was no apology. Nothing. We watched her tell the manager and he didn't even look at us as we left. 
Horrendous. Where the hell is John Taffer to rip these people a new one? 
Never go to Fratelli's. Walk down a block and take a right and go to The Corner. We're eating here now and it is both cheaper AND bug-free.Have to say very disappointing. Got the chicken masala and the chicken was just down right over cooked and dried out.
Bartender ask if I wanted something eles. I declined. I ate all the pasta which had decent flavor from.the sauce.
I would at least give my customer a discount when you can clearly see that the chicken was still on the plate. $37.00 dollars for dinner with a drink. 
I would recommend by passing. As the old Gong show goes. You been Gonged.Fratelli's is a very casual/classy Italian Bistro. The servers and bartenders are very professional. I had the ravioli with tomato basil sauce. It looked like I was going to get pinched as the plate had only 6-8 raviolis, but they were very filling. Add the salad & bread that came with it, and I was satisfied paying $20.Excellent friendly service followed a perfect salad, appetizer and entree.
A good place for an evening out.Fratellis is a great spot for date night. My boyfriend took me here for dinner last week and we had a wonderful experience. Had crab cakes and eggplant for appetizers. Both were superb. He ordered penne vodka and was happy with it. I had the veal scampi. The scampi sauce was great!    Finished up with tiramisu for dessert. Our sever was very pleasant.
All around a great experience. My only complaint was that the butter that came with our bread was very cold, but still a 5 out of 5 stars for me.I only write reviews for places that i REALLY like and places that i REALLY DISLIKE and this place was the really dislike. Came here during restaurant week for a friends birthday. I had brought my own ice-cream cake and 24 candles (my friend was turning 23) and asked the lady if she could please put 23 candles. (to be continued)
app: i got the calamari. I have had many, many calamari plates from different restaurants and this was probably the worst. Olive Garden makes them better and I'm not even trying to be funny, they do. I also got the caprese salad. I was expecting beautiful red tomatoes with a nice piece of mozzarella (i asked for all sauces on the side). The tomato was cooked & gross, the mozzarella was the size of a circle made from my thumb and index finger & they put the sauces on top which I asked for them not to do.
main course: i got the penne vodka with shrimp. This was half decent. Shrimp was the only good thing I ate all night and I couldn't even enjoy it for a long time because there were 4 pieces.
dessert: my favorite part of the entire meal which is pretty sad because its the one thing they did NOT make. Also, they put 10 candles on the cake.
Theres just something wrong here. Its way TOO expensive for the quality of this food.
NO GO. Sorry.Great location, casual and low-key atmosphere, wonderful service, and amazing Penne Vodka. The bread brought to the table was a little disappointing - plain Italian loaf slices with cold, hard butter.Spruced up Diner Food!
Cold bread that the waiter toasted for me when I complained it was hard.  The salmon didn't taste fresh.  The chicken parm tasted like a frozen piece of breaded chicken.  Where's Chef Ramsey?
Advice - for the price, you can find better.A classic south Philly joint in center city. Very ordinary dishes but well made; i.e., limited creativity.  Friendly genuine service, some reasonable wine prices for Philly. The best part is available tables, even before a show, and not cool enough for hipsters!  Not a one spotted. I would have given another star if the chef could have told our server where the shrimp and other fish came from. Most restaurants will know these days.