Just went last night. We had a reservation for 7pm. We arrived on time and were seated almost immediately next to the kitchen doors. It reminded me of the Sesame Street skit with Grover as a waiter, but I digress. We ordered cocktails, a Pamplemousse and French 75. They took a long time to arrive but both were good. We had steak tartare and escargot as appetizers. Both were excellent. My wife and I joked that the bread to things to dip it into ratio is never right. We asked for more bread and it was delivered: fresh, thinly sliced baguette with whipped salted butter ! Yum! Our entree's were Salad Nicoise and Duck Confit in orange sauce. I had the duck with spinach and mashed potatoes. The entrees and the second round of drinks also took a long time, but it's the end of the first week of service so I'm sure they will iron it out. Great first impression. It was nicer inside than photos on Yelp indicated. On y vas!Disclaimer: My dining experience was during CC Restaurant Week.
Vibes: casual bistro, small table and booth seating
Tasting notes:
-Escargot: meat was tender and soft, not too chewy; an abundance of butter that was wonderful for dipping the baguette slices
-Foie Gras Terrine: nice ratio of the sweet fig jam to the slice of the terrine; terrine was smooth and buttery, subtle in flavor; wish there was more toast as we ended up asking for more baguette slices to accompany the jam/foie gras
-Beet Salad: served with the beets layered over a bed of arugula; good texture contrast among the sweet, earthy chunks of beet, sprinklings of crumbled pistachio and smooth, fluffy goat cheese 
-Steak Frites (Bistrot Steak with Cognac Peppercorn Sauce): steak was served as thick slices too big for a single bite, but each piece was perfectly cooked to my liking (medium-rare) and cut very easily with the butter knife (was not provided with a steak knife); appreciate that the sauce comes on the side and is not too rich or thick, subtle in pepperiness; very generous serving of well-seasoned fries that were crispy, not too thin
-Apple Tart: soft, slightly flaky pastry with thinly sliced apple on top that cut very easily with a spoon; whipped cream on the side was light and fluffy, has visible flecks of vanilla bean, super spoonable to pair with the pastry or have alone.
Other thoughts:
-Bread service was thinly sliced baguette with whipped butter. As we only got three slices, we ended up asking for multiple rounds of refills with bigger servings
-Moderately busy at 7pm on a weeknight
-Took twenty minutes to get our first course, and our server acknowledged the wait and offered us complimentary dessert wine
-We got the house red, which was solid and a good dealWe've been wanting to check out Gabi for some time now and thought New Year's Eve would be a perfect opportunity since we didn't want to drive anywhere.  The decor is fun and feels like an authentic French bistro.  They had a price fix menu for NYE, which was great.  We were a party of 5 and ordered a variety of items so we could share different items.  The food was solid and we especially enjoyed the desserts, which were amazing.  We will definitely go back -- could see this as a regular place to dine.  Lastly, the service staff was amazing.  Our waitress, Gabriella, was a lot of fun and everyone else really made us feel welcome.Been wanting to try this place since it opened and very glad I did! 11 of us stopped in for restaurant week and we all loved our food! Lizabeth was our server and she was very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, attentive to our groups needs. Will will be back again to try out their happy hour. Thank you again Lizabeth! Everything was great!Enjoyed the food. Had beet salad and risotto. People had the trout and Niçoise salad and both thought they were good. Worth another visit.I had a reservation during restaurant week with my girls on a Tuesday night. It was pretty packed for a Tuesday night. However, I arrived early and they had my table ready and I was allowed to be seated without my other party members. (Score!) 
My server was Michael, who was very attentive for just little old me sitting at the table. He brought over water and got my drink order while I waited for my friends to arrive ( they were running late). 
We started off with escargot, to me this was tasty. It was my first time having it. The butter and parsley complimented it very well. My friend has had it in Paris and she said it was better in Paris, but since I had no comparison I thought it was great. I was afraid it would be chewy but it was soft and flavorful this was paired with a beet salad or green salad. We choose the beet salad. I didn't love the salad maybe because it was just arugula, some cut up beets and some pretty dollop of goat cheese I believe. There wasn't any dressing so I felt like it was lacking some liquid. 
For the entree, I got the duck confit and it was a little dry but once you poured the orange glaze it was better. It wasn't too fatty. And certain parts of the duck leg was crispy and I love the crispy skin. My friend got the steak frites and the steak was perfectly cooked medium. It was complimented with a cognac gravy sauce which even went well with the crispy frites. My other friend got the beef bourguignon and it was savory and well seasoned but I was not amazed by it. The pureed pommes was delicious and the haricot verts were sauteed nicely. 
For dessert we got the chocolate mousse and the apple tart. Both were very rich and sweet but overall enjoyable. The homemade whipped cream even had flecks of vanilla bean in it and made it enjoyable with each dessert. 
Overall great service, attentive staff and great vibe. I would recommend if you'd like a cafe style french place! 
Also parking next door is connected to the restaurant. Super close by and affordable!This was a great find. Went restaurant week. Classic food great friendly experience. I'd go back. Shame I it's out of the way at Callowhill and Broad Street. Hope they do well.My husband and I celebrated our first year Anniversary at the Gabi. Management and the staff were very friendly. My husband ordered the steak I had the duck confit and I just have to say it's was DELICIOUS!!!! Desert AMAZING!!! Thank You for making our Anniversary Perfect!!!!My husband and I went to Gabi for brunch today. The service was so attentive, and we ended up getting the French toast and the breakfast platter, and everything was delicious. The side of potatoes is to die for. We tried the creme brûlée and some chocolate cake as well. Everything was so good and reasonably priced. We will definitely be back for dinner soon!Read the Inquirer's review and booked Gabi for Valentines Day. We took early reservations and everything was perfect. They called prior to let us know there was a special menu. Great customer care. Parking was easy and inexpensive. Our waitress was helpful and attentive. The food was marvelous. We started with the cheese plate and the pate'. Very flavorful. Then the Duck Confit and the Steak were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Dessert of creme brûlée and chocolate mousse were the perfect finishes to a spectacular night.Service was very friendly but the food came out ridiculously slow.  It took 30 mins for our apps to come out and there was an additional 45 min wait after we finished our apps to receive our entrees.  The restaurant was only 1/5 full and yet the service always amazingly slow.  The food was just eh.  We ordered fruit and there was some mold on it.  I had the streak frites but thought my requested medium was well done.  We got back and asked for one of the two orders to be extra crispy.  The extra crispy one looked as if they dropped it in the deep fryer.I don't normally write reviews, but I had to for this new restaurant.  Everything from a server (eventually my server) opening the door for me on a very cold night, to the hospitality of the staff as we were leaving.
Our server, Lauren, was excellent.  She was very accommodating and helpful--even checked to see if the mussels could be made without garlic--and they could.  Both my friend and I enjoyed the mussels and fries.  The fries were cooked exactly right, crisp but not overdone.
We both started with soups, one French Onion and one Butternut Squash and both were delicious.  The bread was amazing!
When I inquired about vegan options for another friend (so I could come back), I was told that many of the dishes could be prepared as vegan.  
I like the atmosphere and honestly can't wait to go back again.
Thank  you to everyone at Gabi for a very enjoyable experience!Had a solid meal here with great service. We loved the ecclectic menu and there were lots of good things to choose from at prices that certainly didn't break the bank. Had the hangar steak which was cooked to perfection and of course the french onion soup. The waiter was obsessed with filling our water glasses which was well meaning but every time I took a sip of water my glass was filled to the brim again. I am looking forward to going back and trying more things on the menu.I couldn't love it any more.  We went on Sunday afternoon when they were between brunch and dinner so only Happy Hour menu was available.  We ordered everything on that menu.  It was all amazing.  Really.  The chicken liver mousse, the beef tartar, salmon tartar, beet salad, terrine, escargots.  The dessert.  The old fashioned.  Everything was executed beautifully, just like in Paris.  I can't wait to come back for dinner.  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  The vibe was chill with French music playing.  I am just so excited that we have a place like this in Philly now - a laid back French bistro with delicious food.The service here was fantastic and the menu was well thought out. We were quickly seated and given time to look over the menu. The server offered great advice about what to get and made sure everything was perfect. The steak frites and moules frites were delicious. This is a great new French restaurant north of 676.So disclaimer: we came for restaurant week, but they performed admirably! The service here is top notch. Your food is always quick and cups are always filled. We even asked for bread multIple times.  
For appetizers, we got the escargot in pesto sauce, foie gras with fog jam, and the salmon tartare. 
For the main meals we got the duck confit and the beef borguignon. Both enteees came with mashed potatoes and haricot verts. The duck was melt off the bone. Definitely recommend this dish!
And finally for desert we all got the creme brûlée cause what other dessert could you get??
The cocktails and wine were nicely priced. We got a glass of Cabernet, the vesper, and the Roku 75 cocktail.After coming here five times this week, I'm quite confident in saying that this place is fantastic. Glad to have a new restaurant in the area, especially this one. Sister restaurant to Bistrot La Minette and La Peg, Gabi is just as good. 
Serves up classic French fare in a very laid-back setting.
The Escargot, Salmon Tartare, Country Paté, Beef Bourguignon, Duck Confit, Croque Madame, and the Steak Maison were all more delicious than the one that came before it. Truly loved them all.
The frites and baguette they serve with most dishes are equally tasty as well. The latter is made in-house and happens to be a very old French recipe passed down to the owner by his father in-law.
Last but certainly not least is the dessert program here which is fantastic. If you've ever had the dessert at Bistrot, you'll feel at home because apparently their pastry chef now works here! Still in the family, but closer to me = better! The Creme Brûlée and the Apple Tart were excellent. Looking forward to trying the Sundae next.
P.S. The staff = wonderful. Extremely friendly and inviting. They have made every visit great and I constantly look forward to going back again. 
Thank you for coming to the neighborhood!My wife and I were there last night prior to a show. Everything was outstanding. The staff was professional yet personal and had a sense of humor. I enjoyed the escargot, the fois gras, and steak tartare. And fois gras AGAIN! Next time we'll skip the show and after dinner enjoy the bar. Be back soon!Came here 12/15/2019 with wife and another couple.  The space, service were awesome.  The food was good, the only improvement we thought would be less salt on the Frittes, and my mussels where over done. The Onion Soup was marvelous and trout was a hit.  We all agreed that everything was very good (including the check). Since we live in the Fairmont area, this will become a "goto" restaurant.great food and service! it has a diner feel to the atmosphere. everything was delicious. we got 6 dishes: escargot, pork pate, duck confit, salmon and frites, chocolate mousse, and rum cake.
fries were perfect. crispy outside, soft inside, nicely seasoned
pate was so good that i had three buckets of bread with it
chocolate mousse is super chocolaty and nicely thick. comes with vanilla bean whipped cream and sweet biscuits
i wasn't a big fan of the rum cake but my wife loved it
escargot was garlicky and buttery
duck was succulent
salmon was perfectly cooked and seasoned. again, make sure to get their fries. so good...We had a great dinner here. We came in without a reservation and were seated immediately. We split a delicious bottle of sparkling rose that our waitress, Jean, helped us pick. They have an extensive list of wines by the bottle and glass, cocktails, and beer. 
The bread is absolutely delicious. We had steak frites and sea bass - both were incredible. Service was very attentive and knowledgeable. We will be back frequently!I went here for dinner on Saturday night and really enjoyed the experience.  This is an excellent new restaurant with reasonably priced food and drinks.  I had two cocktails, the steak tartarte, and frites.  All the food and drinks were excellent.  The service was friendly.  I would recommend this place.  It's also great for out of town people since it has a parking garage attached.Pate was delicious as was the creme Brule. Chicken was dry especially compared to Parc. Rst of the food was OK. Servers were nice but the kitchen was very slow. The place was packed. We sat in the bar and the bartender was too busy to even check on us.I live in the neighborhood and have been watching the build out of this restaurant and waiting for it with great expectation. Lots of buzz about this place and it was vibrant on a Saturday night. I really, REALLY wanted to like it but sadly it fell extremely short of what I was waiting for. Country pate very tasty but just one tiny piece, should be two pieces for the price. The entrees were really disappointing. the steak tartar pieces were way too large and made us gag and the egg yolk on top was so cold that the white still left surrounding it was congealed and nasty.  Duck confit was a little shriveled up piece with very little meat on it - would have expected a larger leg or another smaller piece to go with the one I got. The string beans and mashed potato are served in a stainless steel boat on the side, all mushed together. The beans were well overcooked and it was all just buttery mush. Did not like the orange sauce but luckily that was on the side. The whole dish was like a poorly presented cafeteria dinner. I will say that the fries were edible - although nothing special - and their house red was very drinkable and the bartender poured a nice sized glass. However I saw a waiter pour measly half-glasses for a table that he was serving. Will wait a couple of months until they get into their groove and then try again - and will order different things next time. Hopefully they will work it all out.Welcome to the neighborhood!!  We are locals, living in a near by condominium and are very excited to have a interesting and enjoyable restaurant within walking distance. We went last night for the first time with friends who had been there the week before.  We were sat immediately, waiter was attentive and pleasant. We shared a bottle of the Muscadet, which lived up to its reputation.  My husband and I enjoyed the escargots, some of the best I have had in Philadelphia.  Our table had a rainbow trout, steak and assorted appetizers.  We are already planning on what to order at our next visit. Mary Ann L.Gabi has hit it out of the park!! What a welcome addition to the neighborhood! As I currently enjoy my creme brûlée I can't say enough things abt this place. The mousles frites were incredible and filling! I was pleasantly surprised to find out they had a happy hour. The creme brûlée was also one of the best I had. Im excited to become a regular here!Never judge a place by its French name! That's the lesson that I have learned with regard to Gabi. I expected it to be more pretentious, higher priced, and not as awesome as it is. I am so glad that I was wrong. 
We have been to Gabi a few times - twice enjoying its awesome happy hour and having dinner one time (and man, were the steak frites awesome - deliciously prepared - cooked perfectly - and so incredibly tasty). Happy hour drinks are quite the steal - $5 for the cocktail of the day usually (once it was an old fashioned, the next time it was a spicy cucumber gimlet - both delicious), and $4 for house wines (I can only vouch for the white, but it is pretty darn good). They also have beer specials. The food is great too - the salmon and beef tartares in particular are both quite good and a decent portion for the low cost. The beet salad was also a nice portion for just $5. 
One of the high points of Gabi is its staff - everyone that seems to work there brings their service A game. The gentleman that has been at the bar for happy hour both times is awesome - personable, enjoys when guests ask questions, and he genuinely seems to have a passion for the work that he does (and it comes through in his great cocktails). Our server for dinner was awesome too - even if you mispronounce the items, they never seem to judge. He knew the menu so well that he didn't hesitate with any of the annoying questions we were asking, too. They make you feel comfortable - that's for sure!
We have thoroughly enjoyed all of our experiences at Gabi, and definitely look forward to more!Great vibe, great service, good food. What's not to like? Classic, upbeat, french bistro atmosphere with slightly modern feel. We had the salmon and beef borg and both were fabulous. Started with a divine piece of cheese and the pate. Bread amazing. Saw the apple tart get served next to us and it looked beautiful but we didn't indulge. Nice add to north broad.The food was awesome (moules frites, steak frites), the service was great, and the prices were way too reasonable. We will be going back! Also, get the creme brûléeCame here for restaurant week and in general it was a great experience save for a couple random things. 
Our waiter looked and sounded like Jack black which was a nice trip. Pretty nice menu even for restaurant week. Had the pate for an app which was nice and came with some gerkin pickles and bread. The beet salad with whipped goat cheese was excellent. I had the beef bourguignon for my main dish. The mashed potatoes and beans were excellent. The beef itself was pretty good. The meat was well cooked and the flavors were great. Every now and then it was very salty, depending on the spoonful I took which was odd...for desert I had the chocolate mousse which strangely was the worst thing I had. It was a massive helping but it was SO heavy and thick that I actually couldn't finish it. Was hoping it was lighter/fluffier. I had my friends creme brulee which was excellent and the apple tart was great too. We split a bottle of wine for the table which was excellent even though it was very reasonably priced. Another random nice thing was the guy who brought out our food. Was very enthusiastic and gave us "tips" on the food, like dipping the fries in such and such sauce, and saying what was his favorite and such as he brought them out. 
One weird thing was that the service was slow. Our waiter Jack Black had several tables who all did restaurant week but we were for some reason the last ones there by far. Got there at 730 and left at 10. Not sure if they were going for the French vibe of absolutely no rush to leave, but it was odd that we were the only table that took so long even though others came after us. 
Worst thing was how salty I realized everything was. Woke up thirsty as anything twice overnight and my friend actually had some swelling in her fingers from the amount of salt. 
Nice servers, generally great food but I was let down the dessert (I guess just don't eat the mousse if you go). Definitely a nice French option in the area!Terrible!  My beef was so tough I wasn't able to chew it; I did not eat it. My friend could not cut her chicken; she did not eat it. Everything else was average:  the fries, green beans, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, and French onion soup.  Our server over shared her personal life. The dessert was the best part of our meal:  creme brûlée and banana ice cream. Philadelphia has so many good restaurants; don't waste your time or money here.Gabi is quite a cute spot and the ambiance is very much so like an elevated diner. My family and I sat in a booth on the furthest side from the door, where we were able to get an expansive view of the bar and the other tables. 
My family and I ate "family style" with a sampling of all the best choices the cafe had to offer during restaurant week. For the appetizers we tried the French onion soup, the escargot, the pork country pâté, and a salmon tartare (which was an off-menu special). The French onion soup was a bit sweet for my preference, as I typically like a saltier soup. The escargot was absolutely delicious and all the diners at my table were dipping pieces of baguette in little pools of the garlic herb butter. I did not try the pork country pâté, but the resounding impression was that it was mediocre. I scooped a bit of the Dijon mustard that came with it and immediately thought "horseradish." The salmon and avocado tartare was a fresh addition to more of the heavier appetizers that we ordered. My sister joked that rather than being a salmon tartare with avocado, it was an avocado tartare with salmon because the ratio was essentially 2:1 avocado:salmon. 
The entrees were fairly good and we had the option of choosing green beans, mashed potatoes, or fries to go on the side. Being a pescatarian, I could only choose the scallops or the salmon (which was an off-menu special). I ended up eating a lot of the sides. My recommendation is to ask for more of the peppercorn cognac sauce that goes with the steak because mixing that sauce with the fries and the mashed potatoes is delicious! 
The service was immaculate and I definitely think that is one of the reasons why Gabi is so favorably reviewed. Our table was waited on not only by our main server, but also by the other waiters who would stop and converse with us and explain what each dish had and how to mix and match the sauces  and sides. 
For drinks, we shared the house red wine which comes from California. The first sip was confusing, as the wine is very full-bodied and has a multilayered flavor profile. I tasted notes of spice, oak, and cinnamon followed by fruitiness as I sipped more. 
Definitely leave space for dessert, because the eclair is GINORMOUS and delicious. I appreciated how the desserts were not overly sweet and I would advise pairing a fruity sorbet with the chocolate desserts to cleanse your palette and avoid having too rich of a meal. For us, the mango sorbet cut through some of the richness in the desserts with the butter, cream, and chocolate.Maybe it was an off day because of restaurant week, but with multiple french restaurants in the city, I just can't imagine ever going back. I tend to avoid restaurant week, but had a successful time last year, so I figured I would try it again, maybe a bad call. 
Some food was undercooked, some overcooked, some was perfect. The decor is classic French bistro style and the service was on point for the most part.
Appetizers were great- Complimentary bread basket, French cheese platter, and Salmon tartare
Entrees- Things went wrong here. The steak frites were not cooked to a medium rare, it was cold in the center, although the fries were delicious. The chicken paillard was extremely dry, such a simple classic dish hinges on the chicken breast being cooked perfectly. Finally, the salmon entree was also overcooked
Dessert - Both the eclair and pot de creme were tasty, and the eclair was hugeA recent brunch to Gabi was pretty good but my dining partner and I weren't blown away despite the four star rating. Gabi is a welcome addition to up and coming North Broad dining scene. It's a short walk from PAFA or Hahnemann (not that anyone goes there anymore). We were greeted by a pleasant server and shown to our table. The dining room is more Art Deco than Paris Bistro (aka Parc) but it was nice enough with big windows where you watch the occasional person amble by and traffic inch along. Our server was super nice and friendly. We started out with some complimentary bread (French, of course) that was good but not nearly as good as the hallowed bread basket served at another fine French establishment in town. I started off with the escargots. I thought they were decent enough but not nearly as good as the last ones I ate. But that was over 25 years ago so take my snail ranking skills with a grain of salt (and a lotta butter). My wife and I each ordered steak frites. We both loved the steak, as it was juicier than juicy and perfectly cooked. And better than the steak at the aforementioned French cafe. I really liked my frites but my wife thought hers had a weird taste, maybe because of the type of oil that they were cooked in. I thought they were great so I happily ate hers as well. While we enjoyed our meal at Gabi, I kind of missed the scenery and bread basket of the unmentionable place.  But give Gabi a try and see for yourself! And if you do make sure and get the steak.Got a chance to goto Gabi today and I must say it was just an excellent experience. Place is beautiful, reminds me of the bistros Ive been to in Paris, but upscale. Started with some nice slices of baguette with butter. My entree was the Ribeye with frites. Perfectly cooked and seasoned steak with crunchy french fries and a good portion, enough I brought a small doggy bag home. I have made a reservation for the weekend for another visit as there were other things on the menu that I wanted to try, particularly the duck confit. Wait staff was very attentive. Again, just a great experience and can't wait to got back. I encourage everyone to hurry and experience before you cant get in!Gabi is slowly becoming one of my favorite spots. It is always participating in restaurant weeks, and now currently they are one of a handful of restaurants participating in the "summer social" a city wide happy hour special taking place on Wednesday's throughout the summer as a place holder for what was FKA "sips." 
Gabi can be best enjoyed on a weekday closer to the time it opens. However, the quiet restaurant minimalist artwork and excellent service can ensure your satisfaction at any time of the day.Came here on a Saturday evening with a few friends and had a delightful time! Due to COVID, the outdoor seating is right on a busy street which is definitely annoying/loud but they're doing their best given the situation. I'd recommend a reservation as they were pretty busy!
Firstly, I was very impressed by their cocktails. We tried a good number and my favorite was the summer thyme. The blackberry gimlet was quite good too but on the sweet side. Of note, they do come pre-mixed but they were able to sub in a different liquor when we asked nicely! For the food, we started with the seafood escabeche. This had a lot of fresh yummy seafood with a tomato/veggie olive oil dressing. It was great when sopped up with extra bread. 
For the entrees, we tried the chicken paillard, the Gabi burger, and the scallops. We were all super happy with our dishes. I was especially enchanted by the burger - this had the juiciest pieces of bacon and a fried egg on a perfectly cooked patty. I would highly recommend. It's a good size burger too so expect to be pretty full afterward. 
Lastly, the service was great and our waitress was attentive and helpful with special requests. We had a delightful time and enjoyed great food. Excited to go back!A real European look inside,  a cafe experience. Fine French food moderately priced. First time we visited was during Restaurant week so the menu was limited but offered four courses with good variety of choices. Good service from the waiter, not rushed. A surprising find,will definitely return .On the recommendation of 2 good friends, we went there to celebrate my 60th birthday. It was a party of 6. 
We made reservations for 6 p.m. which was a wise choice. The place filled up quickly. The manager Chris introduced himself to us and also introduced our server Justin. Chris was very hands on, attentive and Justin was extremely well versed in all aspects of the menu and as it turned out, is also a great mixologist. We asked for something called a "Bijou" and he sure did it!
Our orders included French Onion Soup, Escargot, Country Pate, Croque Madame, Duck Confit, Nicoise salad, Beef Bourgon (you know) and a burger. 
Our party of 6 were served equally and accordingly and the conversations stalled due to everyone being so enthralled by our meals. The portions were perfect, and the "comes with" options were varied. My escargot were perfection and I loved the fact that I was able to dip the house made bread with it. Everyone who had the soup raved about it. My husband's duck fell of the bone. Brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, string beans and perfectly seasoned fries were wonderful. 
Again, it was my birthday so...
Excellent Creme Brulee, Homemade ice cream sundaes, Chocolate ganache cake, Chocolate mousse, and a rum filled something, new to the menu with berries and dates, just sinful and decadent. We're very close so we sampled each others desserts. 
Nothing truly disappointed, staff was attentive and knowledgeable without being over the top. We didn't feel rushed, and it was what a night out should be. Great friends and great food.
Will we be returning? ABSOLUTELY!Gabi has reopened. It was the last place we ate before the lockdown, so we went back on Friday evening. The safety measures were well done. We couldn't even eavesdrop on the conversation at the next table, they were so far away! Enough about that.
This is such a lovely place. Deco Bistrot decor. Burgundy leather banquettes and metal accented interior design. It would be fun to sit at the bar when it opens. I want a French bar with hard boiled eggs and niçoise olives at cocktail hour (maybe that will come someday). In the meantime, the cocktail at the table, was excellent, you could taste the gin over the lime Rickey and it complimented the super hot evening.  The foie gras was tasty and an ample portion with cornichons and just enough Dijon mustard. The appetizer salad was delightful. My companion loved her Paillard with french cooked string beans. They were done a little more than American style, but perfect.  My steak was beautiful and tender and the frîtes were crispy. My Belgian mother would have freaked out though, Gabi had no mayonnaise for the frîtes, only ketchup. Sacré Bleu! Next time I might sneak my own in. The éclair was huge and the pôt de crème thrilled my companion. The house wine was a nice little Pînot Noir, perfect with the steak.
This could be my neighborhood go to. They need mayonnaise.Came here for restaurant week (forgot it was going on).  Food was good, drinks just right, and with the restaurant week price, super affordable for the amount of food.  I have been to bistrot la minette many times, and I love that a similar style (from the same people) is closer to me now since I live north of vine! 
Try the pomme frites.This place is amazing! The escargots are to die for, but make sure to order extra bread with it. The coq-au-vin and beef bourguignon were really hearty and delicious. The service was also amazing. The servers are incredibly knowledgeable and attentive. The atmosphere is incredibly relaxed, but it's also really nice.I had been wanting to try Gabi for a bit now and am glad I did. I'm the type who usually tries new restaurants for happy hour because you can try more items without risking ordering a whole meal and not liking it. Their happy hour specials are out of this world. I mean what other place can you get escargot and chicken liver mousse for under $5!? This was my first time ordering escargot and I liked it. You get 6 of them for either $3 or $4, I can't remember. I think the best part was dipping the bread in the pesto. My only complaint would be that the sauce it's in is VERY oily, but that's just not my thing. The chicken liver mousse, which I think was also either $3 or $4 was HUGE! It didn't come with crackers, like some pictures suggested, but came on top of a huge slice of toast. Let me tell you that the amount of mousse piled on top was a lot. Like a lot a lot. I'm not complaining, because who complains about too much food, but Let's just say that I had to scrape more than half of it off. I would have taken it home but I think chicken liver mousse is more of an "every once in a while" treat. Be prepared to order extra bread if you want to finish it all. Finally, my husband got the french onion soup which, in our opinions, left something to be desired. Also, the drink specials during HH!? Can't beat them. $4 glasses of wine that are actually full/wine-sized is tremendous. 
The last thing I will say is that I took a look at their regular/dinner menu and I must say that the items there are very reasonably priced. They had a whole fish (trout maybe?) priced at $20. Having liked the HH food/drinks and looking at the dinner menu, I'm going to say we'll for sure be back. Thanks for a great visit, Gabi!Very well done during Covid, drinks are in very cute disposable bags and wait staff was very attentive. Food was delicious.Did restaurant week tonight. 5/19/21. Probably the best restaurant meal I ever had. First off. They offer their entire menu..any app entree and dessert for their restaurant week menu. Service was Top Notch. Free refills on ice tea (2nd one came without requesting it). Resurant was safely spread out. Food was wonderful.  Best deal in town for $35.  Cant wait to go back. Pate, French onion soup, steak frites, salmon special with mash potatoes, 2 desserts, 2 coffees,  3 drinks..$108. A steal..Girls night out dinner was okay.  We were only one of 4 tables and although the service was good, the food left something to be desired. 
We shared the cheese plate, veggie platter, chicken, fish and duck.
The apps were too small to share between 5 people, especially after happy hour. 3 small pieces of cheese and a smattering of haricot verts, eggplant and red peppers. Let's just say we did a number on 5 bread baskets.
The entrees were well cooked but didn't leave me wanting to come back. I was missing the rich and flavors when you think of French cuisine. I will however say major points for deboning the fish.
ambiance indoors was ok. Outdoors unappealing at this time due to construction on broad street.This is the second time we went to Gabi for Philadelphia Restaurant Week.  The first time was amazing and so was this time.  Everything from the drinks, bread and food were stellar.  We also had a wonderful, friendly waiter.  I had escargot duck and an chocolate eclair for desert. I tried my friend's pate and it was creamy and delicious.  Delicious....Had brunch there today and everything was amazing. The decor reminds me of a neighborhood Paris bistro, the service was attentive and the food was soooo good!  We had the French omelet with goat cheese, the poached eggs Gabi and the French Toast. Each dish was better than the last. The carmelized potatoes were delicious and the French fries were awesome. Already making reservations to go back next month.So happy we finally tried this French gem for my friend's birthday. Yummy beet salad. Beautiful duck breast and half a chicken roasted with cream and mushrooms sauce. But the best feature of Gabi that will make me return was the excellent service. Chris was attentive without any fussiness. Super friendly place. Easy to feel at home.I was very excited for our dinner!  We had reservations and when we arrived, our table was ready.  However, we decided to sit at the bar (we like eating at the bar).   Unfortunately, my martini was served with a hair in it.  It took me a while to get the bartender's attention (the bar wasn't busy) but I let her know about the hair.  She replaced my drink but I was a little disappointed there was no apology.  Anyway, my boyfriend got the burger and I got the salad nicoise sandwich.  The burger was just okay and my sandwich was very good (except the bread tasted a bit stale).  I still have high hopes for this place.  We want to return to try the escargot, french onion soup and the crock monsieur.  Fingers crossed!I love this place! Great happy hour, but also delicious anytime food. I come here with my family and there is something for everyone (even though we all have some dietary restrictions).The place is lovely. Very 19020's Paris. The vibe was casual, a typical French bistro setting. We ordered the French onion soup and steak tartare for appetizers. Both delicious. The bread was excellent but not plentiful. As a table of two we were delivered three tiny pieces and would have loved a tad more but when we had finished those our waiter whisked the butter and bread dish away. Our mains were good, although in my opinion the mac and cheese side dish was bland. My husband had the trout which was really amazing. My steak was unfortunately raw (I had ordered it medium). It was sent back and after a long wait, my husband had finished his meal (which to be fair he did share with me), I received a new steak, which was good. We came for our anniversary and not only was it not celebrated or mentioned with a happy anniversary there was no apology for my steak or comp of anything, a glass of wine, dessert, etc. Despite the negatives the positives outweigh them so I definitely recommend.What a terrific French bistro has opened on North Broad Street.  Gabi is the real deal - exuding an atmosphère française as soon as you walk in.  It reminded me of one of my favorite bistros in the 4ème arrondissement of Paris.
Let's get to the food.  Well it turned out it was Restaurant Week here and man was I in luck.  Their Restaurant Week menu was awesome and at such a favorable price.  I began with the escargots in a garlic parsley butter.  Excellent.  French bread accompanied this course.  For my main course I chose Poulet Frites.  What a fine choice this proved to be as the chicken from nearby Lancaster County was perfectly prepared and juicy...especially enhanced by rosemary jus.  Of course the pommes frites were also superbly crafted and seasoned.  The caramel apple tarte for desert was as good any I have eaten when I lived in France.  And please note - the portion sizes were generous - unlike many more expensive French restaurants in Philadelphia.
My server Lana was delightful - friendly, attentive, and totally competent.  She added to my favorable impression of this new French restaurant.  I liked everything about Gabi and will gladly return in the future.I had a great dinner at Gabi. The decor was casual but still managed to make me feel like I was in France. We started off with the escargot which was amazing to dip our bread in. I had steak frites followed by two scoops of fruity and delicious sorbet. Everything was fresh and came out at a reasonable time! The service was also great.Came here to this nice restaurant right on broad st for their restaurant week, set menu to try out some French cuisines. 
After reading about the profiles of the various chefs that trained in France, I was curious to see how authentic this place was. Escargot was unfortunately not available during restaurant week, so sadly I may have to come back for just that.
The food was good, nice sized portions, nicely arranged in dish within a dish. Got 2 European beers to try, which was good too. Steak was amazing. I was expecting large sized scallops but instead they came in a large quantity but small sizes. Despite that the sauce it was cooked in is mind blowing.
Overall had a good experience. I'm not sure when they renovated the interior but the bathrooms were very nice looking, the rest of the restaurant looks old, and lighting is too dark. Recommend changing the wall paper and lights.Finally made my way here and I'm not disappointed!! Chicken was crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. Scallops weren't my favorite, but overall the food was solid. Service was excellent, and drinks were good!! To top it off, outdoor seating was perfect for a beautifully warm October night!!We came here for restaurant week. I always wanted to try this place since it is in the neighborhood- and I am so glad I did. The service was great.I think  our serverss name was Micheal-  he was friendly and attentive.  And the nice touch for restaurant week is they had a Prix Frix menu and they also had some nice additions to the menu you can choose from as well. The fois gras was delicious and the steak I order was perfectly rare. The butter that came with the bread was tasty as well. The desserts were all good, but the winner was the Pot de Crème. We were impressed with the COVID friendly atmosphere (servers were masked tables were spaced) .I went during restaurant week. Food was pretty gross. Ratatouille was bland, peppercorn gravy tasted rancid. French onion soup and creme brulee were average. The duck breast was tasty. Our server was rude. I will not be returning.The second you walk in, you're transported to what I imagine a genuine French cafe would be like. The place is clean, well decorated and there is even French music playing in the background. The food is mouth watering. I have gotten the eggs Benedict, burger and the butternut squash soup/ham & cheese sandwich (sort of like a monte christo). The service here is also quite impressive. All the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. Go here for brunch, lunch or dinner and you will not be disappointed.Restaurant Week Review
Oof, this was honestly such a hard meal to get through. Service was abysmal - our lunch took about 2 hours start to finish. We were seated for about 15 minutes without water or menus. A manager stepped in for a bit but we didn't see our server until after our main course. We had to constantly flag people down for water, bread, straws, etc. It was truly a mess. I got the escargots, poulet frites, and the apple tart. The escargots was delicious and the only redeeming aspect of the entire experience. I would not waste your money on the poulet frites, it was bland and boring. Similarly, the apple tart left a lot to be desired. This is definitely a spot you can skip.My dish was not explained as a bay scallops rather nah a regular scallops and it was brought cold.  The green beans were horrible as well.The food here is amazing! We went for restaurant week and I got the potato and leek soup, scallops and creme brulee. 
The runner working that night was awesome -- he always checked in and cleared plates fast. I would definitely return! 
Only issue is that outdoor dining on Broad is not the best option. I know there's nothing Gabi can do about it, but be prepared for a lot of passers by, wind and subway rumblings.I visited Gabi during restaurant week with a few friends. We tried several different offerings, mine were the vegetarian options from the menu. 
The food overall was decent with some of the dishes standing out more than others. The squash soup had great flavor and my mushroom risotto was a huge portion. For dessert I had the apple tart that was light and tasty. 
The space is upbeat and lively.  It's not a super romantic spot but could easily be a casual date spot and it's good for dining with friends, co workers and family. Friendly service.Food is really solid, and really fairly priced. Service was good too. Only gripe is the chairs, which are incredibly uncomfortable and tilt you back at a strange angle.My boyfriend and I stopped here for dinner during restaurant week. I think first and foremost the food is absolutely delicious and going there for restaurant week is a great way to sample things from the menu. If you can order the house wine because it's cheaper. We ordered the French onion soup and the Vichyssoise for starters. Then for our main dish we ordered lemon scallop and Grilled bistrot steak Both with a side of mashed potatoes. And then for dessert we had crème brûlée and chocolate cake. I'm really surprised I've never visited this restaurant before it's absolutely delicious and I highly recommend.Very nice little cafe, very pretty with good service. I came during restaurant week and ordered beef tartare, scallop with side of green bean, and eclair for dessert.
The beef tartare didn't have much of a taste but it's my first time trying raw beef so I've no idea what it's suppose to taste like. The scallops are tender and flavorful. The green beans are also flavorful and tender, not overcooked or stringy as some tend to be. The only slight dissatisfaction is the eclair, I do like the cream inside and chocolate sauce poured over the top, but the shell is a bit thick and texture is a bit tough. My friend ordered chocolate budino (sp?) and that was pretty good, the cookie, whipped cream and chocolate mousse were all tasty. Also, I bought half of the scallop and its sauce back home, boiled/strained some spagetti and mixed with it for lunch the next day, it was delish!
All in all a very nice place. I would come again to try their other dishes.I had been waiting and wanting to check Gabi out since I first heard it was opening up in the north broad neighborhood and was not disappointed! Had the burger which was phenomenal (and very filling) with a French beer. Staff was very friendly and attentive. I definitely plan on going back and trying other menu items!Kenny- the chef went out of his way to accommodate my many dietary restrictions (vegetarian, lactose intolerance, gluten intolerance) and the food was extraordinary! I felt compelled to leave this review. Could not recommend this restaurant more.Grabbed brunch here on a Sunday afternoon and everyone was really pleased with the food and atmosphere. The restaurant is beautiful with comfortable seating, the staff is kind and accommodating, and the food was delicious. We got the French Toast, Poached Eggs, and French Omelet with a side of the house sausage and would order everything again. Both versions of the potato sides (Frites or Lyonnaise) were also top notch. Excited to return for dinner soon!Top quality & delicious cuisine !!!  Decor & ambience very chic & Michael , our server, was  very professional & personable . A definite return !Really enjoyed my experience at Gabi's soft opening this past weekend. Lots of pluses which add up to a five-star spot.
Location is perfect in an up-and-coming part of town with a great energy and a multitude of convenient parking options. The architecture and art were all stunning and somehow infused that mix of relaxed café vibe with a classy, upscale experience. 
Our server was well trained and knew the menu in and out. She was particularly thoughtful around the fromage and the wines and drinks.
We started with the house-made bread, which is probably the best baguette in town. The same as you might find at Bistro La Minette.
We did a pinot noir, which was very lively and bright. It had a little more richness than I would've expected, and suited the café fare well.
I had a salad niçoise and the black bass for my meal. The salad is very sizable, on a good bed of greens, with excellent French beans, plentiful tuna, egg, and since we're talking French, perfectly cooked potatoes. 
My entrée of the sea bass was again a good portion, and was served with a béchamel sauce which add excellent richness and flavor. Each entée is paired with two sides, which I found pleasant. I did the sautéed spinach and asparagus to lean toward the healthy end of the equation.
The only tiny wrinkle was that my sea bass came out a bit fast, which is somewhat to be expected for a soft opening, and if anything, made me smile a bit since I was famished!
The little things were well done, too. Drinks were always filled; plates quickly cleared, and the hostess and staff all around were in a good mood with smiles and pleasant queries as to the experience.I came here for their Valentine's dinner with my friends, and I am so happy that I did! We got the salmon tartare, country pate, duck confit, cream brûlée, and chocolate mousse. The highlight for me was the salmon tartare. The salmon had the perfect amount of acidity, salinity, and freshness. I would definitely come back on a normal day, or any occasion.I was really excited to see  Gabi open when it did, both as a neighbor and as a Francophile. Sorry to say, my experience wasn't great. OpenTable allowed us to change the reservation to 7p on a Sunday. I didn't know that was closing time. When I got to the restaurant, the maitre d just looked at me. I had to speak first. He sat me down. I waited for my friend for an additional 15 minutes. The waiter was good. While waiting for my friend, the maitre d broke down the outside tables and stacked them in the restaurant, all while having a loud conversation about going to Standard Tap after work. We had a decent meal. The food was ok and we didn't wait long. For dessert I had the eclair, very good, and my friend ordered the sorbet. The waiter brought the sorbet out in a paper to-go cup with a lid (the flavor written on top). I might be willing to try it again. It was $65 a person, including almost. 30% tip. Maybe it was a bad night? But I'm not going to apologize for the time of the reservation. OpenTable offered the time.This was a really cute restaurant. It looks very quaint and the serving staff was friendly. A friend and I came for restaurant week. Their menu had a few good items. I'm kind of regretting not trying the escargot but the French onion soup was delicious. Also, the cheese board was good. I had scallops and fries. It was okay but if I had a chance to try something else I would. The desserts were delicious as well especially the caramel ice cream. Everyone still followed Covid protocols but they didn't check temperatures.With most of the Main Line French restaurants shuttered, we decided to go to Center City and made the short drive to Gabi on July 4th weekend. Loved the authentic modern brasserie look, including a zinc topped bar and French music. But, unlike in Paris, our server came to the table immediately to get drink and then food orders. Fantastic escargot with great bread to sop it up, my lamb stew with spring vegs was excellent and the hub loved his duck confit, which is getting harder to find. We'll be back. The server was pleasant and fun and we enjoyed talking to the owner who stopped by. Covid procedures: all employees wore masks though guests did not have to and tables were well spaced apart from each other.Great happy hour specials. The house Cabernet and Escargot were fantastic. $4 glass of wine that was enjoyable. Moved into the dining room for dinner with my family. The service was top notch at both the bar and the dining room.  I was disappointed they were out of the trout dish. Everything we got though was really good. Fois gras, mussels and frites, beef bourguignon, Duck confit, and salmon frites were all better than good. 
The absinthe after dinner drink was spot on. Very nice decor and friendly atmosphere. I look forward to returning.Decor is pleasant. We wanted to love it unfortunately the service left a lot to be desired... The escargots were very good. However 1 out 4 main courses came out right: eggs overcooked, cold food, incomplete orders. Kitchen was unable to correct in a timely manner.We tried to walk in the first Friday night Gabi was open, but the place was so packed we almost couldn't get in the door. Tried again last Friday night and had no problem getting a 7:30 reservation (maybe everyone was trying Cicala that night??). It was exactly as I expected; French diner with solid food but no pretentiousness. Our server was extremely friendly and welcoming, and we enjoyed the casual vibe. We split a bottle of house red, which was nothing special but got the job done. We also both throughly enjoyed our entrees (moules frites and steak frites). The fries taste better than they look like they will from pictures! The highlight of the meal were the escargots, which were served in a delicious garlicky butter so loaded with parsley that it was practically green.
The total bill before tip came to $80, which was a pleasant cap on an enjoyable evening. Gabi is a great addition to North Broad Street that will hopefully help pave the way for more cafes and restaurants to join the neighborhood in the near future!House wine is good enough and priced appropriately. All the food was good. Beet salad was one of the best I've ever had. Escargot and chicken liver were both great. My only complaint is that the cheese board selection was blah. The cocktails looked really good though. I'm going back just to get a sidecar.I came here for restaurant week with my friend and we both really liked this place. We both got escargot and steak frites and they were both delicious. The escargots stood out to me the most because of the butter sauce it came with, which was so delicious dipped in bread. Our waiter were very generous with the bread which I really appreciated. We went for my friends birthday and at the end of the meal, they offered us complimentary wine, which was so sweet. Overall, I i would highly recommend this place and I'm excited to try more of their menu.