I really like Garces Trading Company, especially the free olive oil and balsamic tastings they have when you first walk in. The guy behind the cheese counter is super knowledgable and it sounds like a ton of stuff is made in house. The food is always good, though a little expensive for the small portions, which is why I give it a 4. The service is always great and I enjoy the ambiance. The food is unique and inventive, so it's always fun to try something new there.Popped in out of the rain for a quick impromptu lunch and was wowed by how good my meal was.  For $14, you can get soup, a half-sandwich and a non-alcoholic drink.  Not a bargain, you say?  Well....
The soup special the day I visited was a tomato and roasted garlic sop thickened with bread and pureed, then ladled over a gougère, a kind of bready cheese puff. Wow, was that good soup!  I could have eaten two more bowls happily.
The sandwich was roast chicken with pimentón peppers and goat cheese on a crisp yet tender sourdough baguette.  Yowza!  Absolutely delicious and yet so simple.  
Service was very prompt and friendly - shout out to Megan!
  I left happy and satisfied.  Will be back next time I am in the area!The first time I came here was shortly after it first opened, and we all got sandwiches. They were around $10, and pretty tasty. However, they have since taken sandwiches off their dinner menu, and now nothing costs under $20 except appetizers and small pizzas, and few of those are less than $10. This price jump was an unpleasant surprise the last time I came here.
Nevertheless, we got a Chicago-style deep dish pizza ($31 with one topping = $7 per topping!) and an eggplant appetizer. Both tasted good enough (although the pizza was a bastardization of legit deep dish), but I now find this place a little too pricey for the cafe-type environment that they're going for, as well as for the food itself. Also, it's always crowded so the service is generally inattentive and ranges from pretty slow to super slow. 
Don't get me wrong, I love Jose and I would still marry him. But this particular establishment would be a major point of contention in our relationship (the other being Distrito).Great food and exceptional service. Outside seating, if available, is much more quiet than inside.The food was decent but this family of restaurants (I've patronized a few) seems to have a problem with efficient service. Maybe it's part of the business model to have only one waitress servicing half the tables, but whatever the issue is, it took us about half an hour to get drinks and 45 minutes to get food, and we were visited only sporadically by our waitress (who was very nice and seemed to have a lot of tables). Cheese plate was decent but accoutrement pairing was uninspired. Scallops were cooked nicely but paired with a bland creamy sauce that didn't do a lot to offset the scallop flavor.The food was delicious, the bread and olive oil were so good, and they give you unlimited refills. I got the Moroccan sandwich, which is lamb and a pepper relish and a few other things I can't remember. It was good. My boyfriend got a flatbread pizza with procuttio which was just okay in my opinion, but he liked it. It took several minutes for someone to come to our table or else I would have given the place 5 stars.Garces fan for life! I think this has been my favorite Garces restaurant so far (haven't been to Tinto yet, so I can't really include that one). Trading Co was beyond delicious!
The place looks fabulous. It is located on 11th and Locust, an absolute charming part of Philly, especially during this time of the year (spring). They have tables inside, ranging from small ones (seating 2 people) to larger tables that can seat a large party or several parties together. They also have seating outside that looked absolutely fabulous! We sat inside because it was a little too warm!
When you walk into Garces Trading Co, you can either sit down at a table or walk around and look at the cheeses and meats, the desserts and the wines. We decided to buy a bottle of wine to have during our  meal and we were immediately helped by this amazingly knowledgeable woman. Her recommendation was spot on, and best of all, the wine was not expensive and very tasty.
Our waiter was very attentive. Not once did our water glasses or wine glasses go empty. He took his time to recommend and explain things on the menu, and he even made a little bit of conversation. 
We had the chef's selection of three cheeses with condiments. Don't exactly remember what the cheeses were but one was soft, the other semisoft, and the last one hard. The condiments went perfectly well with each cheese (amazing how they know how to pair them). My favorite was the cherry fig marmalade, but the lavender honey and the fennel apricot mostardo were great as well. 
Next we had the chef's selection of charcuterie. This was great as well. Everything went great with the wine.
My boyfriend had the Colorado lamb chops served with heirloom potato salad and an amazing glaze. Wow, I will never stop loving lamb. I had the funghi pizza, which was incredibly rich and flavorful. Simply delicious. (Look at the pictures I posted)
Finally we ordered dessert and coffee, both excellent. We ordered a small coffee press that wasn't really that small. In fact, the bf had two cups of coffee, I (who normally don't drink coffee) had one cup, and there was still enough in the fancy little pot to fill another cup and a half. The raspberry marjolaine went great with the coffee and was light enough to finish off an already amazing meal.
I think that what I liked best about Garces Trading Co was that you could either come in for a full meal, or just have a bottle of wine and some appetizers and still have a great time.Came here for dinner with a few friends, it all started very nicley, the waitress was great. She is probably the only reason this place is getting 1 star and not 0. So dear Management please be good to your personnel.(I m not sure of  her name,  girl with curly hair and is an actress) Anyway, we came here not knowing what to order so just got a bunch of appetizers,  none of which were particularly good, the Potatoe Leek soup was too salty, The sea bass had no flavor, the chicken could of had a bit more flavor to it. The lamb chops caused one of the people from our party a stomach ache. Over all the ambiance is nice, but the food is just not very good and overpriced for poor quality dishes. I wouldn't come back here and def would not recommend others to visit.I am so excited to have Garces Trading Co. around the corner! I've popped over for a quick croissant and ice coffee for breakfast, stopped by for pastries to bring to a dinner party and run in for an emergency last-minute bottle of wine on the way to a byo.  Beautifully convenient. 
Also have had two delicious dinners at Garces Trading Co (Mom's birthday in Sept and NYE).  Both meals had a fun "I'm at a Garces restaurant" without the being too fancy or expensive.Holy crap brunch was fantastic. The menu was fix price with a cocktail and a few courses for $25.  The selection of each course we focused, but varied enough for our party of 6 to find their own favorites.  The coffee was good, the drinks were good - and as you would guess the food was great too.  
We were there for Easter brunch & it filled up by 11am.  The service was also spot on.  
This is a place you should go out of your way for a meal.This restaurant has a tender place in my heart. I took my wife here for our first date. She loved it. The meat and cheese boards are great but you have to be a meat and cheese board kind of person to enjoy this restaurant. The drinks are great and the dessert was the cherry on top.I ate here once with some friends around Christmas time. The best part of my meal was the fresh mozzerella I ordered as an appetizer. Absolutely the best. Their coq au vin is delicious, and if you didn't haven time to byob, you can grab one right in the back. Solid spot to chill with friends.I went to Garces Trading Co for a late afternoon snack with an empty stomach and high hopes. I had just read about them in this month's issue of Philadelphia Magazine, and the picture looked so good, I had to check them out.
I have to say, I loved the atmosphere. I only went to take out some sandwiches, but I had plenty of time to explore while I waited for my food. The place was very clean and had a rustic look about it. The deli was full of my favorite meats and cheeses, and the oil and vinegar bar was a nice touch.
Unfortunately it does not come down only to aesthetics, and if it did, I'd give GTC a 5/5. I've read other reviews about the staff being friendly, but when I went they seemed fairly arrogant. Granted, I wasn't eating in, but I did spend about $35.00 in sandwiches. The sandwiches were also fairly pricey. I ordered the Italian, the Moroccan, and the Cubano and for the price they were all pretty much just okay. I expected much more. No particular flavor seemed to stand out, but they did not seem to compliment each other either. My final qualm is that all you got for $10 or $11 was a sandwich, no chips, or a pickle, or anything.
All in all I was kind of disappointed considering I can find a much better sandwich elsewhere for a much better price.after reading what the yelpers had to say about this spot i was excited about having dinner here and i can report my meal was delicious! our wait was less than the expected time we were told. once seated,, fresh bread and oil were brought to the table. we split the salad with the grapefruit segments and i had the funghi pizza while my companion had a margharita pizza with spinach. i picked a nice italian blend to enjoy with our salad and pizzas. at $19, my dinner companion seemed to think his pizza was a bit pricey and felt the size of his pizza was equivalent to 2 slices. for me, the food was tasty and i even brought home some pizza. the service was adequate, the waiter was pleasant and the price was right.My experience for brunch fell short of the other recommendations for lunch and dinner. Way short. Went with some business friends. The portions were very, very small, two out of five items were "not available" and the service was inattentive. The prix fixe brunch was way overpriced for $25. It came with a very, very small sampling of desserts and some hard bread. Getting a coffee refill was challenging. 
The atmosphere is quite lovely. However, I would recommend trying some of the other great restaurants in the area.I went to this place after a Yelp Elite party parking was impossible so was in the mood for something darn good. Got a lot of recommendations for this place, especially one of the '18 Best Sandwiches in Philadelphia' from Philadelphia Magazine. So we got three sandwiches, the Cubano Classico, the Moroccan, and the Italian. 
First and foremost, we were getting our food to go so we never dealt with "wait staff" technically. The hostess at the door and everyone standing at the sandwich counter were ABSOLUTELY NOTHING BUT RUDE. My friends and I were appalled at how ridiculously aloof, pretentious, and generally not nice people they were. Looking at me like I'm dumb when I inform you that I'd like to order a sandwich doesn't make you any more gourmet. The sandwiches were mediocre at best. I know kids under 18 who could throw together something that had more taste for way cheaper. Paying $12 for a sandwich of this caliber doesn't make it gourmet; it makes it a rip-off. If we hadn't gotten this to go I seriously would have asked for my money back. NOTHING IS INCLUDED WITH THE SANDWICH. No chips, no fries, no sides. Just the sandwich. Some not-so-special meat (which they claim is house-made, however foodie friends have informed me that they purchase everything from other companies), with some not-so-special veggies, with some not-so-special condiments, on piss-poor bread. For $12? Get real. Never, ever going back and never EVER recommending this to anyone.
The ONLY reason that this place could possibly, even remotely have a chance at getting 2 stars in my book is because the restaurant is in fact very beautiful. Tastefully decorated, you can try olive oils and vinegars. The bathroom's nice too.I came here for lunch. The food was delicious and the wait staff were super polite and attentive!Cheese sampler is great. Ordered olive tray but it was never delivered. Clam and chorizo pizza was delicious. When entrees arrived, my side of brussel sprouts didn't come with. So I asked the server for them and I think she put in the order late. Worth the wait but we were finished our entrees and my side became the fourth course. Entree portions are tiny. $18 for two medium scallops undercooked and bland with no sear. Cod was good but I've seen bigger goldfish. Would give and extra star but taking off for horrible service. AND what's up with the use of words for dishes from so many different languages? Is that part of the whole trading company motif? Now that I think about it, it makes sense. If it weren't for the horrible service, I might consider going back.I feel like I only review places I like.  So this is the exception to that!  I'm venturing into negativity.  We tried to go here a couple of months ago, and the hostess was super snooty and mentioned an hour long wait for lunch, so we went somewhere else.  Went back last weekend.  No snooty hostess, sat right away.  Good stuff - the food is good.  And... that's about it.  Oh, the place looks cool.  Kind of like a deli, if the deli owner was say, Martha Stewart.  But Martha Stewart trying to be kind of down-to-earth deli.  Here's the comment from the waiter: "You guys came in at a good time since we're about to change over the olive oil (on the table) and this stuff is really good."  Number 1, it's olive oil.  Number 2, is the next kind of olive oil on the table going to suck?  I guess we were lucky.  The whole place just took itself too seriously.  Okay, so not a lot of substance to this review.  It's a vibe thing.  I felt like a douchebag being there.  And that's all I've got.  If you happen to be in Boston, The Butcher Shop on Tremont Street is a better and less pretentious version of this place (http://www.thebutchershopboston.com/).Holy Mole.  On our New Yorkers take Philadelphia weekend adventure, we stopped at the Garces Trading Company for brunch and, well, just wow.  The restaurant is surrounded by a market, so you can stop in to buy some cheese, meet, desserts, wine, etc, or you can sit down for a meal.  
Starting with the oil they poured for our bread, everything we tasted was divine.  For $25 you can get a three course brunch and, really, who DOESN'T need three courses as their first meal of the day.  I know I do.  
I had the country pate with mustard --  REALLY good (the mustard was especially good!), the duck salad which was sort of like a nicoise salad but with duck instead of tuna.  It was really fantastic.  The dessert was an option of a salty chocolate tart or a lemon cake. Between the three of us, we tasted both and the chocolate was better, but both were good.  I have to admit that I was ogling the pastry counter behind our seats and it took everything I had in me to not buy myself a fourth course after our meal was over.
This was a truly fantastic meal, I highly recommend it.I've been here several times and have always had a great experience. The drinks are delicious (especially on a hot summer day sitting outside) and the food is fantastic. I felt compelled to leave a review after my most recent visit because there was a slight mishap with my dish, but the staff was quick to treat me to my meal, replace it, and send out a dessert for the table. It was handled very quickly, appropriately, and apologetically. I thought that the excellent service warranted some good feedback. I will certainly be going back.Carbs Carbs Carbs! I Love Carbs! I dined alone at the bar, but I plan to only come back with a friend in the interest of not gobbling the bread and olive oil for a party of 4 that they presented me with. They also offer a $22 brunch special that seems like a ton of food for one person. My sandwich was topped with a fried egg and perfect toast. The place does get loud, but the environment was a warm and inviting respite from a rainy Sunday. The service was attentive, and sold me on purchasing the cool olive oil spouts that they use (only $2!).What I Ordered:
Country Pate
The Moroccan (Lamb sandwich)
This is a really cool concept, similar to DiBruno Bros. but with some more unique items and Jose Garces' name (and unique menu) on it.
Not quite sure why I ordered the Pate, I think it was because our waitress suggested we get some charcuterie and it sounded like a valid suggestion. Either way, it was delicious and I'm glad I got to try it.
The Lamb sandwich was delicious as well, very flavorful. The meal, in all, for what I ordered was delicious and surprisingly affordable.
My friend got the verde pizza which I have been trying to go back and get- I tried a piece of his and it was incredible.
- Definitely an awesome lunch spot
- Prices aren't too outrageous
- Food is delicious
- Although it is sort of small, it is definitely a unique place to eatYeah..I've really lost my Philly edge a bit living in the burbs and not eating at any Jose Garces spot since he's become THE Philly Chef/Owner.
An impromptu lunch today was just what I needed to finally put the check mark in.
First up, great break/olive oil & sea salt.  Yum.  Could have gotten dangerous.
I'm a sucker for a beet salad these days.  So, decide to get one of these along with a sandwich.  Yeah...that had to have been the BEST beet salad I've ever sunk the choppers into.  Presentation, taste, balance, ingredients.  SPOT ON.
For a sandwich, I went with the Cubano.  Since having my first Cuban sandwich in Key West in 2001, I've eaten probably a hundred more since.  This version is easily in the TOP 3 for me.  Every bit a delight...with the magical tasso ham as the star.  Not a crumb left.  Nice house made chips on the side.
The table had on order of fries, so I pilfered a couple with the dipping sauce.  Deadly.
Service was friendly, adequate but slow.  Fairly busy and lunch took almost 1:45 for a party of 6.  So, plan accordingly and enjoy.
For the food itself...5 stars for me today.We were a party of 6, we sat outside on a nice Saturday night which was great because it seemed very loud when I went inside to buy wine and taste the oil. Love the concept of being able to buy your wine right inside of the restaurant. Food was excellent. I had the Ricotta Gnudi which was not what I was expecting but very tasty . Others guest had spaghetti and meatballs, lamb and sea scallops. Everyone enjoyed their meals. And the cheese plate prior to the meal was the chefs choice and it was fantastic choices. I look forward to dining there again. All the staff were very helpful and attentive. And the blueberry balsamic is by far a must buy the flavors are intense and make a fantastic salad.I can't help but get excited to eat at famous restaurants.  I keep trying it and almost always am disappointed.  This was no different for Garces Trading which is one if Iron Chef Jose Garces' restaurant.  
The restaurant itself is nice and has a deli counter where you can get cheeses and meats.  It is very clean and pretty.  Unfortunately the rest was a bit of a disappointment.
First I had the Lyonnaise Duck salad ($12) which is described as having duck confit, poached egg, bacon lardons and a mustard vinaigrette.  I'm not sure I would call this a salad.  There was a generous portion of dick confit, which I thought was over salted, topped by a small pile of fricassee (fancy word for the lettuce that looks like a weed growing in the garden) and on the plate are squiggled of the mustard vinaigrette.  The whole dish was salty.  I dont care for fancy lettuce which often tastes like dirty grass to me and the vinaigrette was OK.  Didn't complement the duck.
I also had the Pan Roasted Scallops ($16) with ajo blanco, cape gooseberries, espelette.  I love scallops and we don't get fresh (not pre-frozen) scallops in Hawaii very often so I was excited.  The scallops were poorly seared,  only browned on one side, although the inside was properly medium rare.  They would never make it out of Gordon Ramsay's restaurant.  Ajo blanco is a white sauce made of bread, almonds, garlic and oil (so Expedia says).  I thought it was a little funky.  The gooseberries were on top of a sauce of espelette which is a type of pepper.  I didn't like the gooseberries at all.  I tried eating all 4 components in 1 bite, hoping they were meant to complement each other but it didn't improve the dish.  None of it really went well with the other components.
So food was bad and pricey.  Service was not satisfactory either.  I saw other tables received bread but I never did.  Also, my water glass remained empty after the first glass.  So overall a poor experience.  I won't be able to watch Iron Chef the same again.Met another couple for Sunday brunch here this morning. Overall very pleased and eager to try again for dinner. On to the good and not quite as good:
Lovely atmosphere. And since we arrived a good 15 minutes before our reservation or our friends, it was nice to peruse the meat and cheese counters. The staff here was friendly and helpful. I wish I could say the same for the hostess. Way to young of a girl to be so surly and sour. Must have partied too late last night and been annoyed at having to actually show up to work this morning with a smile on her face. Oh, well, at least we didn't have to deal with her beyond the seating. At least the waitress made up for it - very friendly and answered all of our relatively specific menu questions well.
We chose the $25 brunch option - 1 main, 1 side, dessert and coffee. Only downside to this is there were only 2 dessert options. 
Dishes:
French omlette - good but overcooked
Pain Perdu - wonderful flavors, very rich
Pastrami Hash - very good. Couldn't really taste the pastrami, and the menu said it was topped with a fried egg. In fact, it was topped with two barely cooked eggs with VERY runny centers. would have been no big deal but I LOATHE runny yolks. Luckily I could remove them and passed them over to my boyfriend's plate. Felt a little cheated, but rest of dish was tasty.
Potato rosti - excellent
Gin bacon - just ok. looked more like a thick slice of pork belly, not really cooked well. I prefer CRISPY bacon, thin or thick.
Squash, labneh, granola - wonderful
olive oil scone - good. preserves - so-so
macaroons - excellent
chocolate/peanut butter dessert - delicious and sinful
coffee - great and nice to have constant refills
bread for the table - mediocre. i love bread but didn't finish one slice.
Overall, I would recommend to friends and will probably be back!I ate at Garces after a long walk around Philly.  After looking at the menu I decided on the tasting menu.  It was $25 and thought it was a good deal.  Pretty much everything I got was absolutely delicious.  It was plenty of food for one person but if 2 people had to share the same food but had to pay $50 then I would think twice about getting it.  For more of a thorough review you can read it here at:
http://www.nadsbakery.com/2010/05/day-4-philadelphia-garces-trading-co.html
I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for their desserts.  I'm a HUGE dessert person but it really isn't that hard to please me.  The first thing I was disappointed in was that dessert wasn't included in the tasting menu.  Boo.  I had to get dessert so I ordered the Spring Verrine which was a buttermilk panna cotta.  It was soup.  Panna cotta is supposed to be firm and creamy.. this was a soupy mess and not good at all.  On top of that, a couple of days prior I got the macarons.  Also, not good.  Dry and not much flavor.  
If you eat here, go for food.  Get dessert somewhere else.  My suggestion: Rita's Water Ice.  MMmmmmMmm.We had the carbonara and the lamb ragu.  Food was decent - I would come back except the service was so exceptionally slow and inattentive.There were 7of us for dinner Saturday night. We all loved it.  Portions were much larger than expected and we were all stuffed! I loved being able to sample allow the oils and vinegars. Service was great, as well. The only negative is that we all found the stools to be very uncomfortable. Seats feel small and for someone like me, with back issues, it caused me some pain.Love this place!
Walked around Philly during a trip and stumbled upon this cute restaurant!
-Funghi pizza was tasty and perfect for two!
-Hickory smoked salmon salad was light and refreshing and all the elements just worked so well together.
I loved the modern yet simple design of the place as well!Went here for for a girls' night on Sunday evening and it was fantastic. We had six people which was perfect - we got to try a lot of different dishes while sitting at one of the really cute high tables. Service was good - they timed the dishes well and let us take our sweet time. We also brought a 1.5L bottle of wine to avoid the $10 corking fee on the second bottle. The quality of the food is excellent as I would have expected of a Garces restaurant, and the atmosphere is fun too. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because the food doesn't have quite the wow factor that I've gotten at some of Garces' other restaurants like Amada. 
Here's what we tried: 
1. Chef's cheese platter - perfect for sharing, and the paired condiments were really yummy, especially the truffle lavender honey and the dulce de leche
2. Grilled octopus - on the chewy side even for octopus, but the flavors were fun and tasty
3. Lyonnaise duck salad - one of my faves! the combination of flavors and textures was just perfect, plus I love runny eggs
4. Chorizo and clam pizza - not sure I loved the flavor combo but the flatbread was really nice and crispy
5. Funghi pizza - would highly recommend!
6. Pappardelle with lamb ragu - texture of the pasta was great; small portion though
7. Spaghetti Vongole - tasty, but not anything out of the ordinary
8. Duck special - tender and flavorful, reminded me of Paris
The desserts were surprisingly fun too: 
9. Rose - it was like grapefruit mousse layered in a macaron; the macaron didn't have the perfect texture but the grapefruit mousse was great
10. Spring Verrine - this was everyone's favorite (and I don't even normally like key lime); smooth and refreshing, perfect after a fairly rich meal
11. S'more - marshmallow was never really my favorite either, but you can't really go wrong with chocolate, and the sea salt made it more luxurious
Overall I was pleasantly surprised, maybe because I was expecting to pay high prices for small portions of over-hyped food. It turned out to be lots of fun though, and we ended up paying just over $30 each so it wasn't bad. I would definitely go back for dinner with a group!I love a Saturday brunch, and it can be hard to find in the city. GTC has a nice prix fixe brunch special for $25 - two courses + a dessert course for $25. I'm not really into dessert, so I ordered just the second course al la carte - boy was I surprised when my single shirred egg on a bed of tiny polenta racked up a $15 charge. My "special of the day" squash soup was lovely, too, for at $9 for 8 ounces, I have to say I felt a little cheated. I should have just going for the fixed menu. The food is good, the atmosphere nice, and I love picking up a bottle of wine in house, but watch those unpriced orders!3.5 rounded up ~
Drinks - 4 stars
I got the Regent Punch and my sister got their Signature Red Bloody Mary $9
Both were made really well. Mine was potent with cognac flavor, but nice and sweet so it was easy to drink. The bloody mary was really flavorful and delicious
Food was all around A-OK  
$10 Funghi Flatbread was pretty good, but it's hard to go wrong with adding some mushrooms and truffle oil to flatbread , nothing really exceptional
$5 bacon (3 STRIPS!) and $5 duck fat frites were underwhelming -- (needed dat cheese sauce ;) )
I got the duck confit salad , which was also a little underwhelming. I really liked the mustard that came with it, that added a lot to the flavor. The duck was tender, but not extremely flavorful.
TIP: Try out all those oils when you first go in! That's what boosted this 3.5 to a 4 star.I love Garces Trading Co.! I frequent it for HH menu (great small bites) but had the chance to eat dinner here finally. I'll speak to both...
This is a great HH spot with outdoor seating available (get there early, it fills up!). The mushroom en croute is only available on the HH menu so I suggest ordereding that if you're hungry. The meatballs, house made mozzarella and margherita flatbread are also delicious. 
For dinner I had the funghi pizza which is more of a flatbread. It was coated in truffle oil and my favorite royal trumpet mushrooms. My friend ordered the saffron trenette. The pasta was so fresh and tasted house made. I would love to try their other pasta items or come back for brunch.
The atmosphere inside is a little rustic and has a open market feel to it. Servers are friendly and enthusiastic. Always have a great time here and it's reasonably priced.Service was great.  Food prepared just right.
I was looking at some fries that was just amazing looking, but did not order any because I had several courses coming, server saw me and asked, brought out a smiggin for us to taste, comes with Bearnaise sauce. mmmm
My steak was cooked rare and I could cut it with a fork, the vegetables where just barley cooked, fresh and crispy.I thought the food here was amazing. My pizza - veggie with some mushrooms on it was divine. They know how to do cheese here. We brought wine, but I kind of wish we hand't. How powerful do you have to be to get a wine store inside your restaurant in Philly? That alone felt like it merited a trip inside. 
We got a bunch of different stuff to share with folks. Everything was truly excellent. But I definitely recommend getting a pizza. It was enough to share and then take some home.
If we had more time, I really wanted to check out the olive oil selection at the deli bar. It looked pretty amazing. I don't like olives and I don't eat too much cheese outside of restaurant-going, but those selections looked pretty plentiful as well. 
I think this is a great spot that is a mix of seriously-casual and a little bit fancier, sit-down dining. Next time, I'm definitely going to build in time to pick out a bottle of wine in their store and peruse the olive oil selection.Garces Trading Company ranks very highly on my list of brunch spots, and it's one of my favorite Garces restaurants. The $28 three course brunch is such a steal, and you really do get a lot of food.
I got one of the brunch sandwiches (a Garces-spin on the Philly cheesesteak), and the boyf got the three course brunch. We shared the appetizer and the dessert that came with his three course deal, so we both got to try a little bit of everything.
The first course was the house made mozzerella, which was so delicious and fresh. It's drizzled with olive oil and black pepper, and it's amazing by itself or with the house bread they serve. He got the steak frites as his second course. The truffled bernaise sauce paired really well with all elements of the dish- the steak, the eggs, and the potato rosti. I loved my Philly cheesesteak, but I kept picking at his dish because I couldn't help myself.
For dessert, we had the bouchons- dense chocolate cake with chocolate chips. It came with two little cakes. We were so full, but I'm a chocoholic so I was able to scarf it down. They were really rich and chocolatey, so if you're not a chocolate lover, I would recommend another dessert. They had macarons (a bunch of really unique flavors), so I was definitely eyeing those.
I love the decor and the vibe here. Wooden tables and accents, enormous windows with lots of natural light, a mix of high and low tables.. very open. I can't wait to come back for brunch or dinner!  Another Garces win in my book.Probably the best place for European food I've been to in Philadelphia. I recommend the lyonnaise salad, and the steak with béarnaise sauce, which is pretty authentic. I would prefer to go to that place for late lunch, instead of diner, since the place is very crowded and loud at night.So disappointed. Expected great things since we love sister restaurant Amada. Where to begin...stools at high top tables are so uncomfortable for relaxing dinner. My food, French Onion soup and onion pizza were not hot. Two table mates $25 steaks were tough. Olive app was tasty, mozzarella app was so-so and bread was dry and tasteless. Interesting olive oils and balsamic vinegars to taste but couldn't make up for overall poor experience. Sadly, we won't be back.Truly disappointed.  The ambience was great, but they "ran out of martini glasses" and they "ran out of meatballs..."  
The meatballs that we did get to share amongst all of six of us, were very good; if not for that, they would have received 1 star.  
I also had the lamb ragout - which was not a ragout.  It was pasta tossed in olive oil and some chunks of lamb; completely tasteless.All I can say is have the CHEF'S TASTING MENU! It is absolutely fabulous and plenty of food. We had the $40 tasting menu and left stuffed, having to wrap up the dessert. The tasting started with a selection of cheeses and meats, which had complementary condiments including a dollop of truffle honey...I think I could have eaten a whole jar of the truffle honey it was that good! Then baby artichokes came, which were delicious and unique in honey and paired with dates. We had the funghi pizza which was AWESOME! The next dish came in broth, and I couldn't tell you what it was, but it too was fabulous and only made our mouths salivate more. The poussin, akin to chicken, was the hearty meat during the tasting and was savory and contrasted the sweeter items presented earlier in the tasting. By the time dessert came, which was an assortment of macaroons and a ganache type chocolate cake we were KO'd. Not to mention, the pitcher of white sangria was def the way to go! Don't go to GTC without trying this amazing tasting menu, for the price it is def one of the best in the city!Went to Garces for dinner on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly very busy. The decor is sort of old meets new, and they have a nice cheese and meat counter, and wine area where you can order items to bring home with you. My significant other and I went to Barcelona a year ago and fell in love with the jamon iberico but had no idea where to find it in the states. Well you'll be happy to know that you can get it at Garces! 
We started off with the jamon and manchengo cheese, and the chef's assortment of olives. All were great and just as we remembered! Unfortunately the meat didn't come with bread that was rubbed with tomatoes and garlic, but you can't have it all... 
For our entrees we shared the endive salad and the funghi pizza. The salad was small but splitting both with another person was perfect for a nice light dinner. The pizza had a nice thin crust and was garnished with arugula and orange zest that gave it a nice bite. 
One note for the future: This is a BYO and we were unaware of that before we went. Since it was a Sunday night their wine store was closed so we had to eat our meal sans vino. :( Oh well, now we know for the next time we venture there!Wife and I stopped in here for an early dinner and went with the chef tasting menu. There were two tasting options with obviously one more expensive than the other. When we asked about the different, we were basically told that with the more expensive one, we would get something like steak or fish vs chicken and that the chef would usually throw in a few extras throughout the courses. So we opted for the more expensive one and there was certainly no shortage of food. Every course came with quite a bit of food, and so much so, that it barley fit on our rather small table. We were both stuffed by the end of this delicious meal. Service was very good throughout and by 6:30 or so, the place was getting pretty packed. The tables are pretty close to one another and it gets loud in there. With our five courses, it took about 2.5 hours to get thru dinner. The pace for us was fine. This is our third Garces restaurant to try and we place this one in the middle. Our favorite is still Distrito and Amada our least favorite, but that by no means mean we didn't enjoy Amada. We've enjoyed all the Jose Garces restaurants so far and look forward to trying another one of his!The Yelp posts about this restaurant are excellent, so I don't want to reiterate the often described yet again.  A few highlights:  Papardelle with lamb ragú - broad, home-made noodles, cooked to toothy perfection (as you would find in a Piedmontese trattoria); grilled Spanish octopus with fennel and espelette aioli - a delight!  Smoky bites of sweet octopus playing off the crunchy bitterness of the fennel and the richness of the aioli.  In addition, the bread (served with a fragrant olive oil) is really good and is served generously, and then there is the little wine store where you can buy interesting bottles at fair prices.  The friendly and attentive service will serve them to you with aplomb.  
There is a small but good beer selection. The atmosphere of the busy restaurant is convivial, with happy diners sharing plates.  One minus:  the strangely deconstructed desserts that do not approach the deliciousness of the original.  Case in point:  the Tarte Tatin, with way too much pale and bland puff pastry, lacks the caramelly richness of a traditional version.Exceptional service!! They must have a huge dishwasher! I got a new fork and knife with every course! Great food!! Went for restaurant week. This is my fourth Jose Graces Restaurant i have eaten in and it was very good.This is a place where you'll want to arrive a little early. When you arrive, 
-- Sample some of the oils and vinegars they have to offer. I recommend the truffle oil and the herbs de provence oil. 
-- Then, make your way to the wine shop to purchase a bottle or two for your group. Note: Garces will open your first bottle free, $10 for each additional bottle.
-- If you don't drink or are on the run, visit their dessert and to-go counter-- it's pretty fancy. 
Garces uses a small-dish/tapas idea, and it feels a little long in the tooth to me.  If you go during restaurant week, you'll most likely be disappointed.  For example, my girlfriend and I received bland or overly salted courses, stale macarons, and a raw (not rare) duck breast that must have come from the tiniest duck.  I suspect it's high volume in a place that wasn't expecting it. Either way, a bit disappointing for a meal that was expected to be much better.  I did like their cauliflower dish and the cold tomato soup dish.  
I think Restaurant Week misleads consumers or misleads restaurateurs at times. Instead of putting their best foot forward, it leads them to lower quality products that probably aren't representative of the restaurant. I'll try Garces Trading Co. one more time. If it fails me again, the update will not be so nice.Ordered the prix fix brunch and essentially went to culinary heaven. Best brunch deal in Philly. Ordered the mozz (you should too) and the spicy eggs and was dreaming about them for the rest of the day. Comes with a bread basket and pastries basket (helloooo beignets) and coffee AND a mimosa. I can't say enough good things about this place. The service, the food, the atmosphere, they killed it! Was here for a friends birthday brunch and they were so accommodating and kind even though we were a huge group. Even stood on a chair to get a group picture for us!I was disappointed. Frankly there are better places to eat in this style. Even DiBruni Brothers is a better choice. Don't get me wrong, I loved Amada and like Tinto and Chifa a lot, but this glorified market is a) very noisy so be prepared to shout your conversation to your friends (at least during the busy hours that I was there). The lemony cocktail is disgustingly sweet. My son's veggie soup was fine, but the warm potato soup (not going to spell the french right now as I'm rushing) was OK. The fume ham sandwich may have made my wife and I sick (not kidding unless you think the cheerios I had for breakfast were the culprits). The veggie sandwich is good. The veggie pizza is good. Everything is overpriced and much affectation is evident. Not sophisticated, but trying to be and failing is how I'd put it. Better off an honest market with good fresh food and good prices than this pseudo-haute market, IMHO.OK. After two previous visits I now know how to enjoy this cafe.
First visit the wine shop was open and we grabbed a great bottle for a wonderfully reasonable price. Second time wine shop was closed and bought a bottle or two along with an additional glass. Well, that got crazy expensive and the meal was lost on me after that.
Service was great on both visits. Grab a table outside if the weather is good but the seating inside is pleasant. 
Future visit we will grab a botttle from the wine shop and stick with an appetizer and some cheese.Went to Garces Trading Co for Valentines Day and had a great meal with their pre fixe menu. The only complaint is we paid extra to have truffles on the mushroom flat bread and only the one end piece tasted like it. Not a big deal until we saw they charged $35 to put truffles on 1/8th of the flat bread. Besides that the food was good and it came out in a nice flow not too long to wait in between courses. Would definitely go back but wouldn't recommend any truffle lovers to pay extra.Very disappointed with management at Garces Trading. We made a reservation in which the hostess practically before welcoming us told our party we'd have to leave at a certain time for the next party. After that sat us at a high top table, which we kindly informed her that someone in our party had back issues and wasn't able to get on a high top stool and instead of accommodating us in the near empty restaurant told us their was nothing they could do. Very disappointed to be treated like such. Needless to say we had to had to dine elsewhere. I expect much more from Garces than unapologetic and unaccommodating staff.3.5*
Went for Brunch on Sunday with a friend, was $25 for a main, side, dessert and coffee. The Lyonnaise salad was wonderful - and I don't usually like duck! But  I loved  it. Funghi pizza was pretty blah, but it wasn't bad, just boring. I could smell duck fat on the fries, but I couldn't really taste it. Didn't finish the granola. So I don't recommend either of those sides. Service was good, servers were attentive. I enjoyed the desert, the chocolate cake thing wasn't too sweet. Overall, a very filling brunch. So I'd give it 3.5 overall, mainly for the Lyonnaise salad.My first time at Garces was fantastic, I had the shirred egg with polenta which was heavenly.  Today I went with the more expensive brunch menu and was disappointed.  The appetizer, salmon tartare, was good.  It was perfectly seasoned and wasn't too salty.  Next I had the omelet de jour; it sounded nice when described but turned out to be a big lump of oil on top of some greasy, and soggy, hashbrowns. Instead of dipping my bread in olive oil I just used it to soak up my oily omelet. For dessert, I had the tiramisu which basically was a Hostess Ho-Ho. For a $28 breakfast I expected better.OK, I live in this hood, and was ELATED when GTC moved in.  They experimented and finally found a groove, and I was happy to call them a neighbor if for no other reason than to pop in for a coffee, pastry or cheese, bread and wine for an impromptu dinner party.  It really is a mini-DiBruno's in Wash West.  
I've also dined here no less than 10 times since they opened.  Then something started to go wrong...  Perhaps under pressure from lawsuits from competing restaurants, Jose started offering his own alcohol for purchase in addition to the selection of the PA wine store attached to the dining room decreasing the novelty of the built-in BYOB atmosphere.  Then I noticed the menu completely stagnated.  And the mainstays that were once outstanding were just BLAH.  
And now the final straw -- GTC is doing something that no one has tolerated in Philly's BYO scene in the ten years I have lived here -- they are charging a corking fee after your first Wine Store purchase.  Are they hard up for cash?  I find that hard to believe at these price points.  Is it legal pressure?  Whatever the reason, they just gave me a good reason to buy wine from the store and eat at another BYOB.  :(Food was good, service was good, menu was fun. Definitely a scene at dinner time. Best part is that you can buy cheeses and pastries from their counter after dinner (but it's expensive).Disclaimer: Any place with a large selection of cheeses is probably going to get a big fat thumbs up from me.  Because really, you can't go wrong with cheese.  
I went for lunch here today and was quite impressed with the food selection and the service.  The waiter was very attentive.  I split a chef's choice of cheeses with two others and it was a yummy spread of three different tastes. And I had a margherita pizza.  Delicious - and the Parmesan cheese grated on top was a nice little yummy addition.  I would definitely go here again!Terrible service and overpriced. Do not get the tasting menu. We had a table of 7 and it took nearly three hours. The server barely came to the table after numerous requests. Place is not even good.Had dinner here with the wife and a friend. It's a bit of an odd setup and it would have been nice if our waiter had explained it a bit (such as buying wine at the State store and then having it at dinner.) 
Watch yourself if you order wine off the menu board, in our case it was priced so it was cheaper by the glass than by the bottle. 
Overall the food was very good - don't miss the duck fat fries.We came here for restaurant week. This was my first time. The hostess was very nice. We were a little early n waited at the bar for 1 more friend to arrived. I like a bartender that knows their drinks. This female bartender(I forgot her name) definitely did!!! They decided to sit us early anyways(still waiting for our friend). Our waitress was pleasant. We ordered from the restaurant week menu. Although 2 of our apps was cold. The cauliflower w/pesto n roasted peppers. Didn't taste right cold tho. Everything on the menu was delish except my gf pasta dish. We both had the saffron trenette. But hers was very salty. Mine was just fine. Toward the end of our dinner, our server ask if we needed anything else. We said we're good. So she brought our check out. But we still haven't had our desserts??!! I brought that to her attention n she said it's on the way. Hmmmm??!!! I guess they do things differently here. But a few minutes later she realized what she did was wrong n apologized.Eager to try one of the country's best brunches (according to Travel and Leisure, anyways), I trekked out to Garces Trading Company with a friend. We were seated immediately during peak Sunday hours, which was a plus. The space possesses a warm, open feel to it, though has lost some of the more appealing market-y touches that made it so interesting in the first place. Regardless, our waiter immediately filled our waters and offered her assistance in navigating the menu.
We settled on two different menu options: I the $22 brunch tasting and him the $22 steak and eggs. The steak and eggs ultimately ended up the tastier option, as my friend hailed it as the best rendition of the dish he's ever had. My opinion reflects that endorsement. The dish brought a large cast-iron skillet with an ample portion of perfectly seared flat-iron steak, two crispy potato rosti and fried eggs, funky truffled bernaise, and some arugula roughage for good measure. The steak was a hair undercooked, but nonetheless the dish was a winner.
My meal did not fare equally well, though I did get a lot of options for $22. The pastry basket that comes with the brunch tasting was my favorite component, I particularly enjoyed the screamingly fresh, flaky croissant and the warm, sweet-savory beignet. GTC's charcuterie, my first course, disappointed with a piddly portion and an arrival sans bread. It tasted fine but I've had far better elsewhere. The second course, baked eggs, did better. I'd honestly have enjoyed it more if I hadn't had the shashouka at nearby Kanella recently, but the combination of porky guanciale, robust kale, and unctuous tomato sauce made for pleasant if somewhat dull munching. The accompanying black olive bread was scrumptious, however.
Our coffees tasted better than average. Best brunch in the country? Maybe best steak and eggs in the city. My meal (and a later lunch with disappointing duck fat fries and a subpar Philly-style roast pork sandwich) failed to match this place's ostensibly solid reputation. 3.5 stars.I had an excellent experience at Garces Trading Co.!  The cheese and olive plates are amazing.  The service was also very impressive as well.  The best part is the way Garces structures their meals. This is often something that goes overlooked at most restaurants. The waitress paces the meal so it lasts to your liking. You never feel rushed, you feel comfortable and right at home. There are few restaurants that are concerned about the experience.  Garces sure does!  My only complaint would be the sandwiches... which are good, but nothing to write home about.The addition of BYOB, and doing away with the mandatory whole-table order of some entrees has really improved the value of this place. I don't understand some of the dishes (a solitary ball of mozzarella in oil?), but there's enough good stuff here that it's worth a visit.Visited first time for lunch during restaurant week and was very disappointed. I had pasta soup that was not hot enough and totally tasteless. I asked for scallops med rare, and they were caramelized on one side only and untouched on the other side.  Does not look like chef has enough experience cooking scallops as I had them prepared rare and still caramelized on both sides in other restaurants.  Scallops were served with bagna cauda. Normally bagna cauda made with olive oil and I assumed that it was. After I ate dish and though it was somewhat unusual I asked for ingredients and to  my shock learn that restaurant uses butter instead of olive oil.  I think restaurant has obligation to disclose ingredients when serving  1/2 a cup of butter to unsuspecting client. 2 badly prepared scallops floating in butter were served with no vegetables, I don't consider slice of radish a vegetable. While lunch was $20, very little food was served. I understand that it is hard for restaurant to do it for $20, but I think restaurant should present sample of their food during restaurant week and not make money of diners.  Also bread was not served with lunch, while olive oil (quite good quality) bottle placed on every table.  As I was leaving hostess asked me how lunch was and I told her about my experience. Normally I would expect restaurant to make some kind of accommodation especially after she saw me buying quite few products at their  deli/bakery. I received no  accommodation.  I found their house prepared salami quite good, but very expensive. Unfortunately person slicing salami and cheeses does not wear gloves. Cheese i bought was not fresh.There's nothing to say that hasn't already been said.  I may be a little biased when it comes to anything Jose Garces though, but with good reason.
good food
good service
good atmosphere
eat here.It's really hard to find fault in this restaurant. 
To my luck (and surprise), there were a few spots open for outdoor dining, which I absolutely recommend for any sunny day!  The scene is great for people watching and relaxing outdoors.
The service was great--a waiter who consistently checked on us (but not too much as to seem pushy or overbearing).
The food was even better! For lunch, we shared an interesting cheese plate with spiced honey. We followed that up with flakey pizza (on flat bread) that was full of savory flavors. 
For lunch, the value was more than reasonable for the food we received!Pros:  prompt seating; great food; good ambience; great courteous service; wine shop on site; food delicacies on site; reminds me of Paris
Cons: none at this timeFood: 4.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Recommendations:  The chef's selection cheese platter is wonderful.  The combination of cheeses and fruit toppings/honeys with the bread and California imported olive oil make a wonderful appetitizer combo.  Make sure to purchase a bottle of wine in the back sellar and drink it at your table.  The food offerings are a taste of what Jose Garces offers at his restaurants and are recommended to share amongst the table to get a full taste of the Trading Co.'s offerings.  A wonderful spot for lunch or a late afternoon/early dinner.
Overall: 4.0 starsCan not believe this place has such a high review. It was, in a word, unfortunate. Service was slow and the waiter was lack luster and so quiet I couldn't even hear him, but those details are insignificant when it comes to the most important part of a restaurant... Um, the food.
The food. Where do I even start.
Stale bread.
Cheap olive oil in a 'fancy', 'trendy', 'vintage-esque' oil decanter - probably cost less than a dollar.
I ordered the Vichyssoise first. It was way too salty and had some type of floral garnish (lavendar?) that completely overpowered the earthy, deep taste that a potato leek soup has the potential to have.
Next- the margarhita pepperoni pizza (aka glorified Ellio's). For a chef of Garces calibar I would expect warm, freshly baked bread. Yeah, no... Picture day-old bread from ShopRite. The cheese and the pepperoni were obviously tasty but I mean come on. Duh. If you don't like cheese and pepperoni you must be a rock.
Next- chocolate cake (note that it had a pretentious French name). The chocolate flavor was rich and dark, which I appreciatex, but the serving was so small. It was like a cake you would serve to a baby. It was a baby-sized cake. Also, it needed some type of fruit to cut the dense texture. Raspberries would've been so easy to include. I don't even care if they look thrown on the plate. Please, just throw them on.
Not much more to say other than I went with 2 friends and 1 of them was just as displeased with her meal as I was with mine, so do the math...
You've heard the saying '2/3 ain't bad' right? That might be true for little kids tee-ball, but not in this case. When 2 out of 3 people are really unhappy with their food... that is not a win.
Don't go here. If you are in the gayborhood, try Barbuzzo, Raw Sushi, Zio's Pizza, etc...I had high expectations for this place, so we tried it tonigh, good service, poor menu. I thought the food was just okYummmmm! Great spot for brunch in the downtown Philly area!
My friend made ressies for 6 on a Saturday at 12:30pm. When we arrived, there were still tons of tables available. I fell in love with the ambiance of the restaurant. I've been wedding planning aka pintresting non-stop and Garce's looks like something straight out of a rustic country wedding! The space was airy with tons of natural lighting. They had these beautiful cross back chairs (I wasn't kidding about the wedding brain...) and planter boxes full of delicious pastries. Hard to pick a winner out of all the pastries offered - from the moist olive oil bread to the wholesome mini beignet to the crispy croissant. Don't forget to try some of their olive oil!
For brunch, they offer a killer prix fixe deal with coffee/tea & your choice of two courses. I went with the pate + duck salad (meat on meat...duh). Some of the other girls took the pumpkin granola which looked divine and the daily special quiche which was the BEST, lightest, and fluffiest quiche I've ever tasted!
The pate was a huge portion, and the server gladly refilled our basket of bread to help along witih that. The duck salad was beautifully presented and was heartily filled with delicious duck meat. My only qualm about Garce's is that they only have one bathroom - would be great if they could up that amount!
Highly recco Garce's for a girls brunch or even a rehersal dinner. Would love if they came to NYC, too! ;)The Food is decent. But Comparable to other iron chef restaurants Garces still have a bit of a ways to go to improve. There was nothing special or distinctive about his food. It's a fun decent place for lunch. So I will come back. But not amazing like it's hyped up to be.
FYI do not get the desserts. I warned you.The service was excellent. I have been here a few times, the first time I loved the food and each time there after the food has become significantly less impressive which is a shock for a Garces restaurant. The wine list is wonderful though.Ok. I'm just gonna cut to the chase. This place rocks. It's awesome. I could sit here for hours and just chill, drink wine, enjoy some amazing apps and just sigh...ahhhh, life is good here.
I'm a huge Jose Garces fan. A place like this is so unique in Philadelphia. It's half wine-store, half grocery, and half restaurant. It's all wonderful.
The servers are great and very knowledgeable. The vibe is just cool and I love it. Highlights of my visits include: Any of the pizzas, with fresh ingredients and deliciousness. The eggplant appetizer is melt-in-your-mouth good. The desserts: you can't go wrong with any of them.
I could spend many days (and many calories) playing hooky from work enjoying the homemade  mozzerella cheese, crusty bread and olive oil dipping sauce. That, coupled with a glass of one of their delicious pino grigios, is truly one of life's delights.
Don't miss out on this place. I'm seriously considering moving in here.Really disappointing.. went for breakfast and had the French omelet which was pretty must tasteless, and one tiny square of cheese on top.  The gin bacon was almost completely fat and not very appetizing (and I LOVE bacon).  
I was excited to try this place since Jose Garces name is behind it - now I'm leary to try any more of his restaurants.I can't say enough about the people at GTC. We had our wedding here on New Year's Eve and it was top notch - everything we could have expected and more. The staff was excellent, thoughtful, responsive. Erin from Garces and Jessica who manages the restaurant were great. Tom, Christine, Carmen, who are the bartenders and servers, were amazing. It was such a special event and these folks were second to none.
Oh and the food and drink was superb! Many of our guests told us it was the best wedding ever and the best food ever! 
Thank you, GTC. We couldn't be more thankful for your help!Oh. My. God. This was one of the best sundays I've had in a very long time. 
Came here for my birthday party and was forced to make reservations though the event group. Thought it was going to be more expensive, less food, and more of a hassle. It was the complete opposite AND we all left there soooooo happy with the food and the portions. Think we're going to have to do it again soon!
LOVES: 
--Potato rosti (if you like latkes you're gonna love these)
--Poaches seasonal fruit with labneh and granola (such a great take on a boring dish) 
--Scotch eggs (so unique. It was like a burst of flavors but couldn't put my finger on what it was) 
--Bouchon: if you love chocolate GET THIS. It's a deep rich chocolate dessert with a consistency between fudge and a brownie. 
LIKES: 
--Pastrami Hash (I only liked it but my friends LOVED it. I just dont like pastrami in general BUT I liked that the chunks were good bites not little itty bitty diced chunks)
--Lamb and Shiitake terrine (like it a lot but it wasn't that filling)
-- Pain Perdu aka french toast. Loved the the consistency was like a bread pudding BUT the outside was crispy. Also, wasn't overly sweet. :)
NOTE that it IS BYOB BUT! Beware! There is a $10 corkage fee for every bottle after the first bottle!!!Really don't get it.  Lunch is ok but dinner menu is boring.  People must be caught up in the celebrity chef thing, there are many much better restaurants in Philly!Went after work with a friend to check out the happy hour....was very pleased with everything! The hostess and bartender were very friendly, and the atmosphere was awesome. It was my first time there, and I loved looking at all of the specialty olive oils and other things for sale on the shelves by the bar. You can even try all of the olive oils! I love that they have hooks under the bar for you to hang your bag or coat; I didn't have to worry about my work bag getting in everyone's way or sitting on the floor out of reach.
I had the pinot grigio on the happy hour menu. It went down very smoothly, though I was expecting perhaps a bit more flavor; I didn't think it was either dry or sweet....I'm actually having a difficult time describing it (though I've just recently started drinking wine, so perhaps that has something to do with it). I still enjoyed every sip, though! My friend had a glass of the malbec, and then tried the montepulciano which he loved. 
We shared the fresh housemade mozzarella and the margherita flatbread, both of which were amazing! The bartender suggested that we try some of the garlic olive oil (from the cool display shelf; they provide small cups at each station) to go with our dishes, and it was a great recommendation!
Will definitely be back! I'm interested to check out the full menu.Sadly, Jose Garces is running on autopilot. This place has become a total ripoff with mediocre at best, food. The meats & cheeses are still fine, but it's way overpriced. Don't believe the hype. There are many places in town that do great charcuterie & cheese without the pretension that is so glaring here. House label olive oil...come on. I will say though, that the macaroons are the real deal.