Good neighborhood place.  Food and drinks are not amazing but are solid. Wings are good but I expected more from the Keilbasa cheesesteak, it was just okay.  Vibe and service are on point.Food is so so great! The best calamari I've ever had- crispy, fresh and not chewy, and very well seasoned!! So many tasty beers on tap! Friendly staff and you will not be disappointed with any food you order! Would 100% recommend and did I mention QUIZZO?! So much fun!! My new favorite spot!You have to try this!!!! As a Philadelphian Polski, I wasn't sure what to expect ... it was excellent!!!  Kielbasa was tasty... cheese and roll selection complimented it very well !!! I would have given it 5 stars if the fries were replaced with pierogis . Definitely will be back!!!!WOW. What a fantastic little find. I don't live in the neighborhood, but my family's been going to Czerw's (a few blocks away) for my whole life. I saw Gaul & Co. on some TV segment, CBS3's Taste with Tori or 6ABC's FYI Philly. They were talking about cheesesteaks, and Gaul & Co.'s kielbasa cheesesteak (the "Wit or Witowski") was featured. Naturally, when getting my kielbasa from Czerw's, I just had to try it!
Gaul & Co. has an extremely unassuming exterior. If you blink, you'll miss it. The inside looks like a normal bar, but the food... oh my. I've only ever had the Wit or Witowski, but it's so great, I'm sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
The staff is fantastic.
I'm probably gonna get crucified for this comment, but as a self-proclaimed beer nerd, I thought the beer list lacked seasonal and specialty brews. They only carry big name craft breweries like Yards, Dogfish Head, Stone, etc.
However, the last time I was in, they were playing early 2000s alternative music (Blink 182, Sum 41, etc.) and they get like a million bonus points for that. I love it here.Welcome to Richmond!  Gaul + Co is doing it right.  They just opened, the menu is small, but they're doing the content right.  The have a nice selection of draft + bottled/can beer.  
The kielbasa cheesesteak will put this place on the map.  There was no casing, you could tell it was trimmed from a loaf.  I thought it would be somewhat salty, but it wasn't.  The chicken cutlets were super crispy and the wings were good too.  
I'll def be coming back, there was ZERO hipster bullshit attitude from the staff.  Venture up here and try this place.Great place to stop in and have GREAT FOOD.  Laid back environment with a great vibe.   Good beer and some of the best off the grid food.  Don't skip this place, you will enjoy it.Excited for this addition to the neighborhood (a year ago). 
We've been several times, and hit on most items on the menu. Wings and buffalo cauliflower are great (same sauce). Chicken Parm, cheesesteak and fries are all delicious. 
But you know what's standout: the vegetables. I'd expect a bar environment to skimp on the veggies. The celery and carrots are always fresh. The salads are fresh. They're great!
The downside... it's small, limited seating, and on busy nights the tables are mostly held by owners, regulars, etc. (can't blame them, just wish there were more seats!) 
Staff is all great. Attentive & helpful.One of the top ten sandwiches I have ever eaten!! You must try the wit or witowski. Perfectly done! Fresh cut fries were awesome too.Gaul & Co. is a great neighborhood spot.  The bartenders and owners are extremely friendly and conversational, but also have that balance of not being intrusive on guests with their parties.  The food and drink are great.  My only complaint is the space is too small to fit the crowd it draws, which having to stand can sometimes be a deterrent.  As a business, I guess this is a good problem to have.Great food, great service, and great beer selection. 
Wit or witowski is delicious and a must order when coming here. Beer list is diverse and chock full of tasty craft selections.I heard about this place a few times from some friends but never stopped through. I later interviewed for a job here and was able to meet the GM and some of the owners. What a great group of guys and a well cared for corner bar. The vibe and decor is very welcoming and a plus for the neighborhood. I wasn't hired but had to come back for some food and drinks. Had a great experience overall and the long awaited Wit or Witowski did not disappoint either.Great little neighborhood gem!  A few tables, no wait. Home of the kielbasa cheesesteak! Can you say  yum!! Not something you want to eat once a week, because it's basically a heart attack on a plate, but good once in awhile, for a tasty treat. Good beer selection.  Some interesting and distinct apps - kielbasa egg rolls were really good. Wife loves the French onion soup and Italian chicken sandwich.  Nice to see these little gems pop up in port Richmond!!This place is absolutely awesome!  We have been going here since it opened, they have great food and great drink selections!  We had family visiting from San Francisco and that could not believe how good the wit or witowski and buffalo wings were. Great neighborhood spot and very friendly service, definitely a go-to spot!I've been there a few times since October, most recently was with a large group.  We all had a great time.  The food is amazing and the service is friendly.  It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.I consider myself a kielbasi aficionado, so I was pretty skeptical when I first heard about the kielbasi cheesesteak sandwich at Gaul and Co. Malt House (which is 3 blocks from my childhood home). Can that really be any good, I thought. But after having one today, I gotta say they totally nailed it.  Start with thinly sliced kielbasi (from, in my humble opinion, the best kielbasi purveyor in Philly which must remain nameless), then add in caramelized onions and  melted cheese and toss it all in an outstanding roll from Gino's in Mayfair, and you have one of the top 5 sandwiches I've ever eaten. Sandwich heaven. Still savoring it hours later. Oh, and the fries were excellent too.  Plus they have a small but very solid and varied draft selection.  Top it all off with a very friendly atmosphere, staff and management, great tunes on the sound system and you have an awesome addition to my old stomping grounds of Port Richmond.  I will be back soon with friends and family. Thanks again Gaul and Co. for a great lunch experience.Great food, and service.. They did an amazing job rehabbing the placeFood is so good. Especially the kielbasa cheesesteak AKA Wit or Witowski.   They always have a good draft list from many local breweries. It is very tough to find parking and the eating area is small but the great staff makes up for the slight inconvenience. I have seen Donna bartender, waitress, bus and cook. A must try when in the area.I love finding little gems like this one in Philly and especially in the riverwards area and this place is by far in my top three.  The menu is the perfect blend of port richmond polish roots and new fishtown hipster.  The chicken cutlets sandwich, friend mozzarella and wit or witoski are all must tries!Wonderful corner bar! The fries, the fries, the fries. So good! I can also recommend the Kielbasa egg rolls and Kielbasa cheesesteak. All staff has always been pleasant. One bartender one night I was there, I'll say was quite unpleasant though. Maybe it was an off night, who knows. Still 5 stars because luckily the food and all the other staff I met definitely made up for that one experience out of the many other times I have been there. I always recommend Gaul and Co to friends and have spent several happy hours there enjoying the atmosphere and friendly conversation.None negotiable the best wings I've ever had hands down! Fly Eagles Fly and God Bless AmericaFantastic. Lunch with 2 salads and 2 Wit Sandwiches. Salads were better than any chain and the Wit's were a little piece of heaven. Cold beer/wine and great food. 2 Thumbs up!This "wit or witowski" sandwich is an instant classic! A sandwich that will become a Port Richmond signature. They really did a great job with this place and can't wait to come back.Great food.Way too little seating, especially if you have a minor with you because they cannot by law sit at the bar.After now my third visit I figure its time for the world to know about Gaul & Co. Malthouse. Although the space is a little small they pack a big punch. Excellent rotating craft beers (they are certified on the Untapped app) with a nice selection of various styles. Full bar with a list of specialty cocktails as well. Friendly staff and patrons only add to the experience. Three large tvs to catch your favorite team on and drink and food specials for some of the contests. As all of the other reviews have stated the menu is small but the food is quality. Come here for the Wit or Witowski. This signature sandwich is a take on the Philly cheesesteak but done with local kielbasa. Chipped just as a steak with fried onions and cheese on a perfect roll will make this place famous alone. We've had the hand cut fries, grilled chicken salad, wings and fried cauliflower bites. I enjoyed them all but Michelle wasn't so much of a fan of the cauliflower. They have a jukebox and on our last visit they had live acoustic music. I love that Port Richmond is starting to get the spill off from Nolibs/Fishtown and advise that the next time in this area to give it a try.This place is amazing! It's a small local place in port Richmond. Their menu isn't very large but everything I had was executed well. The wings were fantastic and cooked to perfection. I love when they are sauced but still crispy. The Keilbasa cheesesteak! You won't find it elsewhere and it's worth the hype. They have a great beer selection as well. I ate it so fast I forgot to snap some pictures. I wish they had places like this in the far NE. I will be back for sure. My only warning is parking can be tough.Wit or witoski get it. 
Amazing spot great atmosphere 
I was home on leave getting ready to go back 
I was dying for something I could only get here in Philly this filled my need perfectStopped in for a late lunch today and really enjoyed our Kielbasa steak. Yes I said kielbasa steak it was very unusual but really tasty. The wings were perfectly crispy and spicy. Only complaint...the bar stools were so hard and uncomfortable. Not great for sitting and drinking.Great beer selection with friendly attentive staff.  Now to the food the signature sandwich is a play on a cheesesteak replacing the beef with chopped kielbasa and calling it the "witorwitowski". The witorwitowski is a great concept but better yet the execution is fantastic and it is a great tasting sandwich.  Gaul and Co remaining menu is pretty good with buffalo style cauliflower, mozzarella sticks a good chicken cutlet sandwich oh can't forget the hand cut fries.  Great food, great atmosphere a perfect stop.This place was a huge surprise. Went because of the reviews and was not let down. Walked in and thought "hmmm so this is IT?" not many places to sit besides the bar but I was by myself so it was ok. Had some TVs going not a bad atmosphere. Bartender greets me and she seems a bit seasoned no frills no BS kinda gal. It's happy hour so I'm drinking pretty cheap. Got some gravy cheese fries and was expecting to just have a decent meal. Well hot damn those fries were amazing and I just had to keep drinking those happy hour beers. The bartender turned out to be a very friendly awesome person and to top it off she says to an oldddd old man at the bar "okay dad you ready for your eye drops?" And helps him put in his eye drops. It was the damn sweetest thing I've ever seen at a bar. I loved this place.We decided to head to Port Richmond for a sandwich that is taking a well to do 
jab at a Philly staple, the cheese steak. The main difference is there is NO 
beef so instead they chop the ever living shit out of a kielbasa and 
toss that salty goodness with the regular accoutrements that make up a 
cheese steak.  I am not a fan of kielbasa, but fuck me this was amazing.
The tastes were all there. Saltier than a steak would be, but welcomed and 
fit perfect in the sandwich. 
It did come with some very tasty crispy fries. 
We split the sandwich so there was room for some spicy buffalo wings.
Crisp and tossed to full coverage they were juicy and delicious.  
If I didn't hear of the Wit or Witowski from this little Port Richmond corner bar 
I would never assume they had some very good food.This is our neighborhood go-to spot.  We have taken AT LEAST ten couples/groups to experience the amazingness that is the kielbasa cheesesteak.  We bought our first house in Port Richmond in February 2017.  For the first 12/13 Friday nights, we ate a cheesesteak each (and the kielbasa chili).  Clearly...we gained a bit of weight so we took a break, but still have returned a ton!  Every guest of ours has LOVED the food.  They also have a great beer selection.  My number one complaint and something I hope the owners are considering is that it is way too small. I don't think they ever imagined it would be as wildly popular as it is.  It is ALWAYS packed. You rarely can get a table.  A lot of times, you can get a spot at a counter behind or the bar.  If it was expanded, five stars for sure.   We have tried to do quizzo here but it is always too crowded.This place is AMAZING. Every time I go it leaves me wanting more. Roast pork is so good. Buffalo cauliflower is great. The BBQ chick fries are no joke!!! Beer selection is always great and their malted Manhattan is perfect!!!!Small corner bar that doesn't disappoint.  The food is AMAZING, great specials.  Wit or witoski is a must try, as are the kielbasi eggrolls.  Great craft beer choices on tap.  place is full on the weekends, but always mange to get a table to eat.  Staff is so friendly and nice!This is the second day in a row we've been for lunch. Sandwiches are that good. Roast beef is spectacular.. perfect gravy with a kick of horseradish. The chicken parm was delicious as well.  The service is friendly and atmosphere chill. Really happy to have this bar close to me.Freaking awesome,  had the wit or witoutski, buffalo cauliflower, while my friend had the kielbasa egg rolls. Everything was sensational.After a meeting a few blocks away, we needed something to eat before heading to the airport - best stop ever! The Wit or Witowski is unique and amazing. Great rolls, chipped Kielbasa and cheese- nowhere else could I get this. I'll be back!Solid neighborhood spot, trying there best to class up PR. Not pretentious, solid bar food, and friendly staff. I believe the kitchen closes fairly early / relative to its fishtown counterparts, I believe about 10 or so. 
I had the cutlet sandwich with a friend and it was quite yummy.Since I'm Polish and this place made a cheesesteak with Kielbasa meat called Wit or Witowski, I just had to check it out. First off, it's nice little corner neighborhood bar with 3 big TVs. The bartenders are extremely friendly and make you feel at home. So it terms of the Wit or Witowski, excellent sandwich! They make it with their homemade American cheese sauce and the cheese is phenomenal. Makes the sandwich that much better. Can't wait to order other stuff on the menu with the cheese sauce. Check it out!The have a very interesting menu - had to go with the Wit or Witkowski and it was delish! Service was excellent as well. Will go again.This is one great place.  Came here with the family & liked the cozy corner bar vibe.  The bartenders were very welcoming & let us try several beers before ordering.  The meal started with buffalo cauliflower bites, garlic wings & kielbasa egg rolls.  All were really good. The bartender comp'ed us on egg & pork roll empanadas; also great.  We then ordered sandwiches: a couple of kielbasa cheese steaks, chicken cutlet sandwiches & a pork sandwich   All were excellent but the pork sandwich was as good as I've had anywhere. We ate at the bar because there were only a couple of tables but it worked out fine as there was plenty of space between the bar seats. The bill was very reasonable considering all we ate & drank. Would like to return soon - could be my new favorite spot.Good place for drinks after work with coworkers, although there is no parking lot that we could find.  The Wit or witoski was delicious!The first thing I noticed when I walked was all of the flies buzzing around. Next was the la k of air conditioning. It's July in Philadelphia. Humidity is around 85%. Food was good and drinks were fine. Not quite a dive bar and not quite a nice restaurant. I would get takeout.This spot is doing it right. Good craft beer selection manages to be comprehensive without being exhaustive or flashy. A few macros for the old-timers or anybody to just wants to chill in the great atmosphere without spending too much. Three large TVs can show multiple games for anyone that wants to watch, but they don't hog the space for anyone that doesn't. Food is typical bar food done well. I can walk here in 5 minutes and I can't wait to go again.This place! Great beer selection.  Games for kids (or adults!) - darts too! But seriously... the Wit or Witowski! And the option to make it a "Good Day"?! You better! Good place for lunch, dinner, or beers after work. Friendly and chummy staff. Other food options include excellent wings and roast pork. Give it a whirl!One of the best "cheesesteaks" we've ever had! While it is a little non-traditional, it deserves the title of the best cheesesteak in Philly! 
Service was awesome-bar staff was very welcoming and friendly! Hoping our travels bring us back to Philly just so we could grab one of these sandwiches!I've been here quite a bit, and never had a bad experience. Food is always good and so is the service. Rotating beer selection so I can always try new things. The bartenders are great with suggestions based on what you like to drink. The place looks cool, too. Go here!Wow great roast beef sandwich n fries  .nice sturdy crusty roll ..superior beef no fat at all n plentiful but not overbearing ..just the right distribution n cooked perfectly ..
Very fresh horseradish seemed homemade ..no way out of a jar ..raw onions my preference super fresh n diced perfectly in there own side cups .
.I say a real bargain for $10 bucks . 
beer was ice cold .
.inside is really nice n very comfortable chairs n stools ..
Great juke box 
Cook / owner was very friendly ..
Female bartender was most helpful and friendly ..
A most welcome addition to the neighborhood ..
Will be back ...great chill placeWent for lunch to have my namesakes signature sandwich The Witowski. Fabulous kielbasa from Swiakis on  a Geno's Bakery Italian roll with fresh cut fries!  Check it out you won't be disappointed. Great draft beer selection too! Friendly and courteous service.This is one of my favorite bars in the city. Great food and selection of drinks along with attentive, friendly staff. I came in for the Buffalo Cauliflower and stayed  for the creative events and good crowd. The first night I came in I had gotten stuck at work till after 10pm. Kate, one of the bartenders, dragged me out of my bad mood and I wound up chatting with her and the rest of the patrons till closing time.Good bar overall, unfortunately given that it's not super big; if a ton of people are in on a Friday and Saturday night you might not be able to hear anything. So Essentially that's the downsideGot wings here which were amazing the first time. Second time however they were very undercooked. Place gets crowded in the weekends and for it being small the kitchen may be rushing during those times. Place may look fancy with fancy price tags but quality doesn't follow the allure.So this place is amazing!!! I started with a maple cider and I never tasted anything so good and smooth. I will be a regular as long as that's on tap there. We had wing which the sauce was delicious and the perfect combo of hot and just right. The wings could have been a lot crispier but that's the   Only downfall I had. We also had a crock of French Onion Soup that was spiced to perfection. Now the best was the sandwich which was a chipped kielbasa sandwich with a cheese sauce. It was the star of show. The fries were served with a cheese sauce that was also great! Can't wait to go backThis is my new favorite bar in port Richmond! It's so cozy and always has great vibes. The food is delicious, they have games (jenga is my fav), good music, nice and accommodating bar tenders - Tanya is my faaaav! Definitely recommend this spot.Came here for dinner last night. Had the fried mozzarella which was typical. nicely friend and good crunch and warm gooey cheese. And then i had the with or witowski. I like kelibasa, i like cheesesteaks... A polish meat steak =   WIN   Great flavor and the melted cheese was great. Fries had a nice crisp to them as well.. Cant wait to come back to this place and check out the rest of the menu.my favorite place to visit for casual drinks and food. great atmosphere and great service. billy is one of the friendliest bartenders I've ever encountered.The Kielbasa cheesesteak is amazing! So are the firehouse wings! I can not wait to go back to try more items on the menu!Stopped over St Paddy day and had the corned beef and cabbage. So good, juicy and tasty meat not tough and stringy. Good beers, even a live musician. Friendly staff. Relaxed vibe. Had the wit or witkowski on a previous visit. Its a winner.This is not your average corner bar. This in an incredibly well done eating and drinking establishment. The tap list is varied and includes everything from Coors Light to the newest IPA varieties. The very friendly staff makes it easy to relax here over beers with friends or just to watch the game. *When stopping by do yourself a favor and order the Kielbasa Cheesesteak you will not regret it.*It makes my heart happy that great little spots like this are cropping up in my neighborhood!  While the malt house has great food and a nice craft beer selection on tap, what I love most is the friendly neighborhood vibe. The employees and patrons both are super cool and it's a great time whenever one stops in. 
My dining companion ordered wings and said they were among the best he's ever had.  I was disappointed because I was dying to try the kielbasa egg rolls and they were out :-/ but that's just another reason to come back. I ordered buffalo cauliflower and it was so good! Very spicy and flavorful. Highly recommended. 
My friend got the famous wit or witowski and liked it. I ordered a special which was a shrimp sandwich and quite liked mine as well.
All this deliciousness went even better with a couple craft brews and jukebox music. I loved the malt house and I can't wait to get back!Awesome new spot.  The laid back atmosphere and and surprising menu are definitely worth checking out.  The kielbasa cheesesteak is a must try.Just finished eating the Roast Pork sandwich...... This place has single handedly bitchslapped all of its competitors into third world status. Im sorry John's Roast Pork, Tony Luke's and Paesano's; all of you are delicious in your own rights, but Gaul's has done you in...... As a lifelong Philadelphian and cheesesteak/roast pork connoisseur, this it THE best g**da**ed Roast Pork I've EVER had.....!!Fantastic... has all the ingredients; cold beer, delicious food, friendly staff, new-neighborhood attitude, and a little funky sprinkled about (that je ne sais quoi)...i do recommendThis place is underrated. It has awesome food. 
The only reason I can't give five stars is the seating is very limited. Going with a group of 4 is pushing it. The servers are great and we can usually get tables pushed together. The tables are normally in the way of either the kitchen or the bathroom though. I hope this place gets enough traffic so they can expand. It would be five stars if there was a comfortable place to sit. 
The food is five stars. Especially the specials. 
Def try it but leave the kids/friends at home.Since I'm Polish and this place made a cheesesteak with Kielbasa meat called Wit or Witowski, I just had to check it out. First off, it's nice little corner neighborhood bar with 3 big TVs. The bartenders are extremely friendly and make you feel at home. So it terms of the Wit or Witowski, excellent sandwich! They make it with their homemade American cheese sauce and the cheese is phenomenal. Makes the sandwich that much better. Can't wait to order other stuff on the menu with the cheese sauce. Check it out!I like it, I drove by this place a few days ago and noticed the place wasn't what it used to be (got different owners or management) and have thought about checking it out. Well, I checked it out today and the bartenders are friendly, chill atmosphere with a nice modern setup. The food menu looks pretty good, I just didnt get to try the food yet because I got there after the kitchen closed, but I will be back to try this food they sell here and update my review. Overall, I am glad this bar is here, I like it a lot so far.Never had a bad meal from here, the Cheesesteak Eggrolls were delicious, and the fries are really good too.A very welcome addition to the neighborhood. The wife and I had the wings, mussels, fries, and fried mozzarella all washed down with Yards IPA on tap. Everything was awesome. The fries are clearly hand cut, and the fried mozzarella is even breaded per order. 
All in all, we are very happy to have a spot like this right in walking distance. I'm looking forward to trying everything on the menu.I have put off this review for some time as I was conflicted. Number one this is a bar.  No table seating, bar only.  A bar in Port Richmond (parking is a challenge) The food here was only average.  We came for the Witorwitoutski.  We could do witout, dull in flavor and cheese sauce a little too runny - the one flew over the cuckoos nest was simply okay - the broccoli rabe a bit bitter for my liking. The real thing that has me is the cleanliness!  As we sat at the bar we had the opportunity to see the goings on behind it.  Our waitress/barkeep was ON POINT.  Not only was she friendly, and prompt with our service, she took the time to wash each glass before she refilled it for the patrons. This amazed me so much that despite not enjoying the atmosphere or the food her competence floored me in a society that does the bare minimum she takes the cake and earns a coveted five star rating that I very rarely give. A++ service Gaul and Co.WIT OR WITOUTSKi
it's lovely, it's original, it's delicious. service is always on point; i personally like to sit at the bar when i come here and  the bartender is always friendly and attentive.
gotta start with the garlic parm and buffalo wings, not as meaty as i'd like them to be but the sauces are good and their homemade bleu cheese is on point
The WIT or WITOUTSKI is a 5/5 but for those who'd wanna try something else... the only other thing i've tried here is the breakfast sandwich and it's a porker. there were really thick pieces of pork roll, which i'm not the biggest fan of but i know some people are! it was a big sandwich so be hungryWhat a find, a hidden gem all the way.  The Wit or Witowski. A cheese steak made with chopped kielbasa and Cooper sharp cheese. A sandwich that pays homage to the Polish heritage of the Port Richmond section of Philadelphia. It was amazing from first bite. It all starts with a quality kielbasa product. I asked, they buy it in loaf form, not in a sausage casing. The addition of fried onions was a necessary and much appreciated addition. I also was able to sample the roast pork with broccoli rabe and Long hots. This sandwich was also worth the price of admission. I suggest taking a friend and ordering one of each sandwich and then swap halves... you will be glad you did. Service was friendly and I felt like a local. Great job all around.It was our first time visiting the Gaul & Co. Malt House. We tried the Wit or Witowski and chicken fingers with fries for lunch. We were greeted immediately by Bill behind the bar when entering and were able to get some drinks. The food came out hot and we didn't have to wait long for it. The Wit or Witowski was delicious and I see why it was named best cheesesteak in Philly. My wife had the chicken fingers and said how they tasted great, were real chicken and not greasy. We will be back and bring more friends next time. Keep up the great work.Quite a little spot.  Big flavors!! A Philly Must! Best food I've had in Philly yet! Cold beer and a full bar.Amazing pork cheese steak! Great customer service even when swamped with people and also really liked the chili.  We will be back!A few weeks prior to the visit a colleague mentioned the kielbasa cheesesteak from Gaul & Co and from that moment my mind could not escape what my taste buds had not yet experienced. My crew and I pulled up to the scene with the 'bassi missing but shortly after we quenched that thirst. The sandwiches came out loaded to the gills with delicious salty and savory meat coated in a velvety blend of American and cooper sharp which paired excellently. Accompanying the "steak" sangwich (as my good friend Tommy cheeseballs would say) were some deliciously crisp fries. Like a true Delco sommelier I paired this meal with a Bud Light. My fancy pants date went with a Blue Moon - word to the wise go with the BL smooth it accentuates much better. An upscale but refreshing dive bar atmosphere makes this G & C a place I wanna see work out.Stumbled into this gem accidentally one night. Absolutely delicious sandwich "Wit, or Witowski" with the egg and mozzarella! It's one of a kind!This bar has great food and great drinks and the drinks aren't expensive! I love the buffalo cauliflower and the fries. The bartenders are super awesome too.Outstanding!  Believe the hype. Great service too. Thanks, will be a return customer.Some days it is really good to be the cheesesteak guy. Meet the Wit or Witkowski a Kielbasa Cheesesteak. Very good and it came with fries. When I go to places I am going to start asking more questions because this was very good but It could have used an extra (sauer kraut, mustard, something). Nice welcoming bartender, according to the conversation I over heard he is having girl problems. if you are in the area or have a Kielbasa craving Gaul & Co is worth a stop by. PS Awesome Gaul made fries. If these fries were not made at Gaul & Co, they could easily say they were and get lots of compliments.My go to bar almost every weekend.
Food is phenomenal.
Customer service is A1
Billy & Meg make the best Arnold Palmer drink.. like ever. 
You wont be disappointed.Friendly staff, friendly people, delicious food. I love their wings, but I'm not sure if it's because the wings are so good or because their homemade blue cheese is what my dreams are made of..