Eileen was a great waitress! She was extremely  accommodating, even on a busy Friday night. We did have an issue with some of our food, but she got the manager to take care of it! Thanks Eileen! 
I ordered the Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad wrap, which was great. My brother and mom ordered New York Strips, neither liked it, it even looked unappetizing.  
Their dessert on the other hand, LOVE IT!Gearos has been a tradition in my family for as long as I can remember. No matter what we always make the drive to get their pizza a couple times a year. Now that I live in the city I get to go a little more often. They have the best pizza I have ever had. I love this pizza. It is out of this world. The sauce is sweet and the cheese is perfectly melty and salty. I used to challenge myself when I was younger to see how much I could eat and I ate a whole pizza by myself here before. I always get like 2 pizzas to go and it reheats so well. The rest of the food on the menu has never dissapointed me or my companions but the pizza is what I come here for. I will continue the gearos tradition for the rest of my life. I can't understand anyone not liking this pizza. the other reviews don't know anything. Gearos makes the best pizza in the WHOLE WORLD.Terrific place. After asking to turn the sound up (and being denied) at places like Dave and Busters, Benny the Bums and Chickie and Pete's and Miller's Ale House, this is one of the few places that will turn the sound up for Philadelphia area college games (even Dave and Busters won't turn it up for the Eagles). Fran is a great bartender. The pizza is almost as a good as your favorite neighborhood pizza joint (and far above most sports bars) and, most importantly, the people could not be friendlier.Great food, great service!! Always quick with deliveries!!! This is a great standby place and go to place for dinner if you're ever lost for where to go awesome atmosphere if you eat in and quick delivery if you wanna just stay home and kick back.I received a flyer in the mail and I have ordered delivery in the past....but it had been a while since I did.  I called in the order and was given the total and told it would be about 45 min. After an hour and twenty five minutes and nothing showed up...I called to check in my order. The girl on the phone told me that it just left and would be there soon....so I didn't cancel.  After another forty-five minutes passed....I called station pizza to order some food...which showed up thirty minutes later.  
My Geros food order never showed up...I'm still waiting.Always a nice place for some good food and drinks. Staff is great. The kids love it too.Did anyone look and see how dirty the place was?  Look at ceiling fans, woodwork, curtains were fill of dust, carpet could use a good cleaning.  I was not looking for dirt it just popped out at me as I was waiting for our order.   Food was good but then I thought about the kitchen, what was that like.......The place needs a Good cleaning!Gearo's has the best pizza.  Going here is a family tradition.  They also used to have the best wings on the planet, but those have unfortunately changed recently.  Apparently the place they sourced the delicious wings from went out of business.  How I do not totally understand because they were delicious.  The wings are still good, just not nearly as good as they used to be.  But like I said, the pizza...wonderful.  Truly unique flavor.  It has almost a sweet taste to it, but in a good way.  It comes down to the ingredients.  The sauce and cheese they use are fantastic.One of the more underrated places imo. Pizza is great. A bit of a different style of pizza than most. Their pizza sauce is maybe a bit sweeter than others and really works well. Great bar too that always serves some huge ice cold draft beers.Amazing pizza.. They put the sauce on top of the cheese. Try their homemade fried mozzarella slices!Great pizza and pizza steak! If in the area I highly recommend!My birthday destination every year for at least eleven years (mostly at their first location). Every year we get their pizza (best in the city imho) and fried mozzarella (huge and handmade). In recent years, I've been having their excellent frozen mixed drinks. The service is fast and polite, the restaurant is clean, and the atmosphere suites most occasions. Highly recommended.Went there for lunch with friends.  I noticed they changed the menu since I'd been there.  I ordered their Oriental Chicken Salad.  The only thing Asian about it was the noodles that were in it.  It also came with mandarin orange slices in it that actually tasted like they were sitting in an oven and had gone sour.  The menu itself has not been updated to reflect changes except in the prices going up and a sharpie blacking out what is no longer available on the menu.  About the only thing going for the restuarant right now is it's name.  I probably won't be there again unless they get a new manager, owner or chef.I wasn't expecting much from this pizza place...don't know why, but boy was I proven wrong!  SUPER YUMMY PIZZA'S!!! My hands down recommendation for this place is the WHITE PIZZA.  Totally cheesy, gooey and absolutely necessary =D
Beers are a little pricey but the pizza is worth every penny!Great pizza & a tasty chicken Caesar salad! Been here a few times for dinner with no problems. The pizza sauce is sweet (I prefer a savory/garlicky sauce), but it goes well with the crust & is a nice compliment. My Father is very picky when it comes to pizza and this was the first time in a long time where he tried something new and had no gastro problems (he has GERD). He's definitely found his new pizza place! I have been telling him for quite some time that he'd enjoy the pizza!Gearos holds a special place in my heart because they have one of the latest delivery options in the NE. Burgers are very good and would recommend any of them. Pizza is ok.  Rest of their menu is just ok. Definitely recommend.great pizza, love the bake of the crust. wings when well done are good, motzarella stix good but a little oily.I love the pizza, but everything else is extremely overpriced...especially the alcohol. Also, some of the management is rude and that is why the place isn't what it was 20 years ago.I love this place! My dad used to take us here as kids and when i moved back to the area i took my son to check it out, and the pizza tastes the same! I was so happy! Prices are reasonable, waitresses and bar tenders are very nice and we haven't disliked anything we have ordered yet. I highly recommend this place!Ordered delivery pizza and it was delivered on time as estimated when we ordered. Pizza was delicious but overpriced, $13 for a "large" that wasn't anywhere near a large pizza, typical medium size pizza compared to other places, and 1/3rd of the pizza was the very thick crust. First look was different as they use a lot of sauce or put the sauce on top of some of the cheese. The sauce and the pizza were delicious though, but there are too many local pizza places to reorder from here again, definitely felt it was overpriced.We all went to Gearo's last night for dinner.  Three of us had Chicken Caesar Wraps and the chicken was terrible! It tasted like rubber and it was so tough, you couldn't even pull it apart.  The one guest ordered a chicken parm sandwich and the chicken again was terrible.  They also didn't even put the sauce on the sandwich.  They gave a side of sauce to do it yourself.  That's not a chicken parm sandwich.  I should have asked for it to be free, as it was bad!Food was delivered cold. The ribs were terrible. I can't believe they would even serve this to their customers. Better off taking ribs off the menu. Just stick with pizza and wingsI have been ordering here for over 10 years. They always have good service and great pizza no matter if it's dine in, take out or delivery. Today I picked up as  the pizza was coming out of the oven. Ordered a large plain, small white and motz sticks. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced.They have a good bar, great games, and great service.  The same can't be said for their pizzas, which are almost drowning in tomato sauce.  My stomach doesn't like too much tomato sauce at one time.  Their prices are also really high compared to other pizza places in the neighborhood and in general.  You don't get your value's worth here.Decent food, not so great service, relaxed atmosphere.  My kid loves her Buffalo chicken cheesesteak so I was happy.  My chicken parm sandwich was pretty tasty too.  And the pizza is on point!  Our waitress was very friendly but spent a good amount of our visit chatting with her co-workers.  Meanwhile we needed refills.  Food was a solid 4 but service was a 3 so I'm rating Gearo's at 3 stars.  We'll be back hopefully with a more attentive waitressCharged me $20 for a medium sized pizza 
White with broccoli and chicken- said chicken is $2.50 more , even tho on thier site is says pie in the sky any 3 toppings $15. Also charges me .50 for a small thimble of ranch. 
Rip off.
Update- I called back to ask the manager why I was charged extra, and he told me that cheese was considered a topping so I actually had for toppings not three. I remarked that cheese usually comes with pizza territory and I did not consider cheese to be a topping. He told me that their white pizzas come with extra cheese, I told him I did not ask for extra cheese I just wanted a white pizza with three toppings and the price that is listed on the website. He then began to ramble and say that they sell hundreds of pizzas a week and they are world-famous and I will be happy with the pizza. I told him that remains to be seen and that I just wanted to be charged correctly. He said he will do it this once and credit my card for the correct amount, but don't expect it to happen next time I order.
Yeah, next time I order from  you guys. Hold your breath for that one. Sheesh!!18 plus years of eating at Gearo's has come to an end.  My family and I will never return due to the owner's ignorance.  First rule of customer service, never let the customer leave unhappy especially a long standing customer.  I also find it very disrespectful that the owner never apologized to me, he acted as everything was my fault and it was a problem to help me. He only apologized once my husband said we would never come back.I have been coming here since I was a little girl (at their Bustleton location, which is now closed). Their food tastes exactly the same as it did back then. And it's always good. So many great menu items. We always order their house salad. It's just so fresh!!! it's got some cheese on it, and those croutons are something special. We also always order their pizza. Their pizza is different because the cheese is under the sauce but the crust is just superior! It's kind of crusty but not dry. We also order the fried mushrooms with horseradish sauce, And the potato skins are excellent. Service is always great. They also have good beers on tap and some craft beers and ciders.  I minused one star because I didn't really care for the veggies they put on the veggie pizza, they put a lot of roasted red peppers and green peppers, it was too acidic for me. But that was my fault for ordering a veggie pizza. Silly me trying to be healthy(ish) (Side note- pass on the veggie pizza. Get sausage or pepperoni instead.)I have been going there for years but I have never tried their hoagies...after having our usual dinner there,I decided to order a couple of hoagies to take home so we could eat later,well,I opened mine and it had very little meat on there,one very thin slice of tomato,a couple pieces of shredded lettuce and a sliver of onion...really!!! U need to do the whole hoagie,it had no oregano on it...very disappointed,I know not to buy their hoagies in the futureBy far the best pizza and fried cheese. I also tried there fettuccine alfredo. The pasta chef is amazing!!!! The recipe has been the same for 50 years with the pizza. It is put on a conveyer oven and goes through taking 8 minutes. Every pizza is consistently cooked the same unlike most pizza places. Anybody that says the pizza changed is wrong because ive been going there for 25 years. BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY!!We are repeat Gearo's customers and have been going for years - back to when they had a second location down Bustleton Avenue. They're generally good for dine-in. Their pizzas are good, their fried mozzarella is excellent, and their cheesesteaks are some of the best. But for delivery, they completely phone it in. It's like they bank on people not calling them out on how much they suck. I just spent $65 on a meal for my family. We had numerous missing items and the pasta dishes taste terrible - no seasoning or flavor. There were meatballs mixed in the "tomato sauce" for the chicken parm. What if we weren't meat eaters? These are egregious errors that I think border on reportable. 30 minutes later, I'm still waiting on the missing items and our food is cold.Somewhat of a neutral review here.  Last night, I placed an order for 4 pizzas for a customer lunch meeting the next day. I told the clerk I will pick up between 11:30 and 11:40 AM.  When I arrived, the food was on time, ready to go.  Meeting was a success and my clients appreciated the lunch. The pizza, however, was just average...no flavor at all.  So good for quick service and convenient proximity to my appointment; but, average for the pizza.  I would not order pizza here again, but I would try their other dishes.I didn't have the pizza there but we had the 3 course deal which i shared with my friend.  Appetizer was mozzorella stick, kinda oily but good. Entree was grilled tilapia with shredded crab cake, very tasty. Last was dessert, we had fried oreo, and I'm usually not a dessert person but it was delicious!  Everything was good there, my first time but the waitress was friendly and helpful.
Prices aren't bad, I would definitely re-visited this place again.Used to visit a lot before I moved from the area. Went there again today. Wife and I ordered cheesesteaks and we both thought something didn't taste right. The waitress said they switched providers recently and apologized that we didn't like it
We couldn't eat them and Gearos made no attempt to make it right by offering something different or taking it off the bill.Great food. Nice attentive staff. The inside can definitely use some updating but otherwise.... Highly recommended.Don't ever come here during the day.  They only have one person to run the whole place.  Horrible service!Best pizza and sauce ever! Been going there forever!  Even used to work there and it's clean,  great food,  and nice atmosphere!We picked up pizza and fries at Gearo's today; it was really great in taste, quantity, and price.
The bar looked nice, We definitely plan on going back for a sit-in experience.It used too be great like five years ago. I like they made pizza differently. But recently I ordered and the pizza was dif and didn't have the swirl factor it had before. The thing that made it good. O well maybe ill try again in another's five years.It is ridiculous how delicious their pizza is. It's a long drive from where I live, but every now and then I will make the trip to the Northeast just to stop in at Gearo's.
I also definitely recommend the fries which are somehow always the perfect level of crispy.
Unfortunately, I can't discuss other menu items. I make the trip so rarely that I don't like to deviate from an order which I know is awesome.I remember Gearos when they were on Castor ave  in the 80's . My then wife and me would go there often . When I saw them on Welsh road I decided to try them again . What Happened? 
The pasta used to be aldente and the Chicken parm used to be made to order . 
I got mushy pasta and the chicken cutlet was still cold in the middle( Frozen Cutlets) . I returned it and got a hamburger instead . If I had really wanted a hamburger I would have went to 5 guys . I was disappointing to the point of sadness for I had such fond memories . They used to have a crab meat and spaghetti that was out of this world.We went tonight, we haven't been there since the days on Bustleton Ave, well over 10 years. It wasn't very busy for a Friday night. I must say we were pleasantly surprised. We split the mozzarella sticks as an appetizer. They are homemade and as good as I remember. My wife had the fajita salad and she was raving about it. I had a mushroom cheesesteak and it was very very good. The roll was very fresh and the fries were cooked just right. We will not wait so long to go back..Bartender is the man.. polite, friendly and attentive.  Food came fast and the fried mozzarella was great.  Price was good, will be going back.Always good food. Fast friendly service. 
Love the fried mozzarella slabs best mozzarella sticks ever.Decent local place to go. Their food is pretty good for a bar. Pizza is good so is their french onion soup. Staff is really nice and fairly priced. Seems like their is only one main bartender that really knows what hes doing. I once ordered a dirty martini and the bartender and to ask another member of the staff what goes in it. Seems like more of place that most people order a beer. But their alcohol selection isn't bad.I've been to this place a few times and love their pizza. So my boyfriend and I went there one night for dinner, we were seated by a nice hostess and was told Jess will be right with us. So we waited watched an inning of baseball decided what we wanted to eat she never even came over to us. Three waitresses walked by us and no one said anything. Needless to say we walked out after waiting 20 minutes for someone to even say hi to us.Tried a Gearo's pizza for the first time in a long time ordered a shrimp Pizza . The pizza itself was good, but don't get a shrimp Pizza. It smelled very fishy and there was maybe one two or three pieces of cut up shrimp per piece definitely, not my idea of a full topping. Some slices had one piece on them, most had two pieces and one or two slices had three pieces of shrimp on them. I'm willing to try another pizza from there, but a plain or with a different topping.Been going to Gearo's since I was a kid.  Was always a big fan, mostly at their other location on Bustleton Avenue (now closed).   The open location hasn't changed in a long, long time.   
The decor is old, dusty, and disgusting and the old carpet has a smell to it.  Dusty fake plants abound under college pennants so old they look disgusting.   A makeover is sorely needed.
The food is decent enough but it's not enough to make me go.  If the dining room was updated/cleaned I might be more likely to dine there, but it just feels too dirty to be comfortable and enjoy,since i've relocated to Philadelphia; i've been ordering from these guys for a bit. always Excellent services & customer services quality is superb. cannot complain at all. enjoy there all if not most of there dishes and entree's.
I really love their deserts too. check them out they've been around for a long time according to the advertisements of the restaurant & fliers.So I stopped in for pizza, I don't want to think to much into it but a grandmother and child stopped in after me and got served before ( we both got pies ). I am just going to state the girl serving me was nice and polite. She apologized about the long wait. The pizza was okay, they went a little cheap with the cheese, not too over the top with the sauce, and the crust was okay. It had good flavor and the size enough. The booth I was sitting at was okay for one person and the pie, but I'd recommend a bigger booth if you bring someone with you. Oh, it was sort of empty at lunch time, just me and the other table. And they get 3 stars from me for the wait. Oh, and the price was & 15 dollars for the large pie 3 toppings 3.50 drink and tax . So $18.50 for myself .Gearo's is one of my favorite pizzerias! A mainstay in Northeast Philadelphia for decades! Awesome pizza and other menu items. Great service and delicious food at reasonable prices. Also a good place to watch the local Philly major league games in the bar.For every pissed off customer/experience 7 people will here about it, for every good or happy experience only 3 will hear about it.  Here is my 5 stars for gearo's!  
The pizza is awesome, I tie it with Vince's on grant.  There sandwiches my boyfriend raves about.  There pasta is great for a delivery place.  Overall we order from here a few times a month and I've always been very happy!  Oh, and one more thing...they are super quick for delivery time.  Keep up the awesome food and I will keep telling everyone!I don't think I've actually ever been inside this place but I had pizza at my friends house which she got from here. You wouldn't expect this place to have pizza. It was pretty good. It makes me want to check out this place and try something else.Recently moved to the northeast looking for new take out places. Chicken Caesar wrap, it arrived soggy from the wet pasta they packed it next to...why is pasta a side to a wrap??? Also got a mushroom cheesesteak, it wasn't horrible. The black and blue burger leaves much to be desired. Was asked how I wanted the burger, requested medium- it came as a hockey puck. There's blue cheese dressing about the size of a quarter. Cold soggy fries. Ordered desert, the tiramisu looks good, the ice cream from the brownie was completely melted and the brownie was swimming in it- won't be eating that either. Overall I spent about $45 on a meal none of us enjoyed. Trashing the menu, suggest you do the same.We went to Gearo's last night with the family and had a great pizza dinner.
The service was good (our waitress gave us the right amount of attention), and the food here was good as well. I am not surprised, as this is a neighborhood pizza pub so the pizza should be good.
The kids had their own mini pizza which they both loved and ate a few slices each (that's a surprise if anything).
My wife and I had some buffalo wings to start off, and we ordered a "Pie In The Sky" Large pizza. The pizza was hot and fresh, the toppings were good, and I was very happy with the quality. 
I spent less than $50 for the whole meal, so as far as value goes, I'm thrilled.
Definitely recommend Gearo's if you're looking for a nice spot to sit down and have a pizza.This place is great and it's my kids favorite place to eat out. They have really good pizza with fresh ingredients. They are always nice to us and the food is always good.Did anyone look and see how dirty the place was?  Look at ceiling fans, woodwork, curtains were fill of dust, carpet could use a good cleaning.  I was not looking for dirt it just popped out at me as I was waiting for our order.   Food was good but then I thought about the kitchen, what was that like.......The place needs a Google cleaning!Picked up some take out. 20 wings. $1.00 a wing. Frozen. Just not good. You know, hard and dry. Pizza was decent once we put it in the oven to heat it up nice and crispy.
Not sure if they changed hands or what. Maybe it's us. Just seemed like poor quality at a premium price. Maybe that's why we stopped going.This place is very dated but they still have pretty good food. They're a bit too expensive to be as plain as they are or they would get 4 stars instead. Still, they've been here for a long time and I'm glad this place isn't a McDonald's!I was pleasantly surprised by this pizza place! I went here around lunch time on a Saturday and the place was pretty much empty. The decor was booths and tables and you could also sit by the bar. The menu consisted of your standard pizza restaurant menu items (pizza, sandwiches, burgers etc). We got a large half mushroom and half extra cheese pizza and it was delicious. They serve very thin crust pizza and all the ingredients tasted fresh. I would recommend going with the extra cheese option since there was not alot on the mushroom side but it was still really tasty! We also ordered fries and the brownie for dessert. Spoiler alert: the dessert was 20% brownie and 80% ice cream and whipped cream. I cant complain it was delicious and the portions were pretty large. The staff was really friendly!Would give 0 stars if I could! Will never eat here again and DO NOT recommend! 4 days ago I stopped in and ate half a cheesesteak and maybe 2 mozzarella sticks. Few hours later, after eating nothing else, my stomach was extremely upset but thinking maybe something just wasn't sitting right- I went to bed. Next day I finished my remaining half a steak sandwich and a few hours later I was vomiting non-stop. The abdominal pain is unbearable and the nausea is so bad, I was vomiting on the side of the road at one point. Since that meal, it has been 3.5 days and I have been unable to eat or keep anything down.  :(A good neighborhood restaurant with sports on TV, good pizza, and nice service. For a change, try the Crabmeat Cakes.We love Gearo's.  My family has eaten here for many years.  The pizza is delicious.  Sweet, garlic, basil, tomatoey sauce and gooey provolone/mozzarella cheesiness.  Light, fresh crust.   We eat in, take out and do delivery.  Eating-in is a good experience because it's a comfy, cafe environment.  The hostess has been there for years and she is so sweet. She always asks if we want a booth or want to sit in the open seating area near the bar with t.v. monitors showing sports.  Friendly atmosphere and nice bar with regulars, including the bartender who has been there for many years. From great burgers, pizza-fries, veggie personal pizzas and club sandwiches, to corned beef specials and Italian hoagies, we love it all.  Great Sour Apple Martini, but could be a bigger glass :) Always well made though.This review relates to a home delivery order.
Timeliness of delivery B+
Courtesy of delivery  person A
Cheesesteak Rating B+
French Fries rating F (they were bland, cold  and very soggy)  
Stromboli rating D (it was extremely oily and fairly bland)
My dining in experiences have been better.This place is a family tradition. My parents used to go on dates to the other location they used to have. I used to go there with my now-husband. I was so sad when the other location closed! Fortunately we can still get our fix when we're in town.
There's something about this pizza. The crust isn't fluffy, it's extra saucy, and somehow it's amazing. The fries are usually perfect, crisp and fluffy at the same time. Their cheesesteaks are impeccable. Screw Pats, Jim's and Geno's, this is where I would take my out of town friends when I lived in the area.Pizza is good but anything else is cooked by a crack head or dope head and thats why i wont go back. They hire cooks with no experiance and expect them to be good cooks. Everythings precooked including cheese steaks and burgers. They may not like this bit the truth should be told to the public. They suck and treet there employees like shit. Thay may not loke this post but the public should know. I dont want to see kids and people get sick which the cheesesteaks are left in the danger zone for bacteria to build. Between 40 and 140 degrees. The burgers sit there all day. I wouldnt recommend it to anybody.Amazing Pizza. Definitely my favorite!
I have been ordering from this place for the last ten years.
I do not think a-lot of people know that this place deliveries but they do and are always on time also they have great pasta. Try the fettuccine alfredo.This is my go to place, I mean I love this place , but the moment that you find not one but three pieces of hair gets me sick , I am so upset, I am telling you this is my place but can't get it out of my mind , gets me sickI used to live right down the street from Gearo's, and whenever I had the extra money to splurge on good pizza I went here. Honestly, I think they might have the best pizza in Philly! There is something so unique about them, their pies have super salty cheese and sweet tomato sauce making is a really tasty combination. Their pizzas aren't huge, but the full flavor makes up for it. I truly miss the days when I could just walk down to get some. If you're in the area, definitely try it!The food is alright. Kinda pricey. The place bugs me because their sign is literally always in capital letters. Stop yelling at me. I don't want a monster brownie.DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!   i ordered a pizza from here last night, gave them my credit card number, did not hear the doorbell, i live in a duplex. i never got the pizza.   THEY NEVER CALLED.   they absolutley refuse to refund my money, they claim to have left the pizza outside.  Who does that?  if they would've called, i could've gone downstairs and got the pizza.I am just speaking to my meal here. The service was great, and my wife kids, and mother all enjoyed their food. I did not. 
I ordered the fried seafood combination platter, and French onion soup. The onions in the soup were still crunchy, there is supposed to be a crunchy crouton on top of the soup with broiled cheese on it. There was just cubed up soggy bread in the soup, though the cheese was browned nicely. 
My meal came out when I was about halfway through the soup. Everything on the plate was SOOOOO over cooked. My crab-cake was dry as a bone, and flavorless. The crab-meat was all shredded up, and there were no chunks in it. All I could taste was the burnt crumbs on the outside. I tried to put tartar sauce on it to help, but the tartar sauce was literally just mayonnaise. The shrimp were better but also way over cooked. The fried flounder was super dry under seasoned, and overcooked. The french fries were dry and overcooked. The corn bread was OK. The cole slaw was probably the best thing on the plate. The "scallops" were obviously a pre-made frozen product. The breading on them was completely different than the other items. They were like air to bite into. I don't even know if they were real scallops. Then to top it all off there was a bowl of canned corn with no seasoning on it that was grey. 
My mom also ordered a broiled scallop appetizer for the table. They were overcooked and had dried herbs on them for some reason. Just put salt and pepper on them and give me a few slices of lemon. They are $16 a pound because they taste good already. You just have to not mess them up. 
I was so disappointed. I ate my food so that I didn't upset my mom. She took us out and I didn't want to cause her to be upset. I should have stuck with the classic pizza place type food that I like from this place. I was going to order a snack attack which probably would have been awesome like it was back in the day. My mom insisted I get a seafood platter because I never get seafood at home. I should have went with my gut.I made reservations for 10 people on Christmas Eve at 7pm. I have never eaten here, it was recommended. When I called to make the reservation, there was no heads up that they close at 8pm. I called today to ask to move the reservation until 7:30pm, and the amount of attitude I got from the man the answered the phone made me not want to eat there. On their website, there is not one thing about holiday hours, and it was never mentioned in the conversation. I cancelled our reservation and made it elsewhere. I do not plan on ever eating here, I understand it is Christmas eve and everyone wants to go home, but communication is key.I can't believe I'm actually writing a bad review for this place but unfortunately here it goes. My parents and I have been going to Gearos for YEARS (I am 24 and my mom was pregnant with me when they first started). Gearos was known for the great food, atmosphere, and friendly staff that always kept us coming back. Through the years I have brought countless friends and family to this place for numerous occasions such as dinner after high school father-daughter dances, birthdays, or just to spend time together. However, about 5+ years ago they started making some significant changes to the way they made some of their dishes (what used to be their amazing wings are now completely flavorless) that made me and my family look for other places to eat. This past Friday, my best friend and I decided to give this place another chance. Per usual we had a great waitress that brought us our mozzarella sticks right away followed by my chicken parm sandwich with fries and my friends cheesesteak with fries. We had a great time and from what we could tell from that moment the food was good. The next day (Saturday) was a different story. We don't know what went wrong in the kitchen but both of us have had food poisoning for the past 4 days. Unfortunately I don't think I will ever be able to go to my favorite family restaurant/sports bar ever again.Where do I begin....the "Large" pizza is barely a small. The crust is like rubber, chewy and way too thin. Sauce on the outside ...who does that? Sub-par cheese....onion rings taste nasty........"cheese fries" are frozen crinkles fries fries fake cheese sauce on the side. 
This place is just yuck. Wont be going here again.This is THE best place right now for buffalo chicken cheesesteaks, and i continue to praise both their cooks, waiters, and everyone there. They have great service and great food. I could go on and on about what i love about Gearos, they are that spectacular.Very Good Food and pretty good service. Bathrooms are so small that you can barely have 2 people if needed use it.My family's order tonight consisted of a cheese steak, side of fries, meatball  parmigiana and a large extra cheese pizza. The best part of the order was a cheesesteak. I didn't get my meatball parm...I ended up receiving a chicken parm despite the order taker repeating it back with a meatball parm; however, it tasted  decent. The pizza is slightly above ellio's. I ordered extra cheese and there was just enough for a regular cheese pie. My husband refused to eat it. Luckily, my 3 year old still ate it. The fries were soggy. For $38, and rude service at pick up, I think this will be my last visit.Based on my recent experience at Gearo's, it would be hard not to give them 5 stars. I didn't come here looking for glamorous, over the top food, but really wanted tasty pizza and some fried stuff to make my stomach happy. And that's exactly what I got!
Came in around 9pm for dinner on a Saturday night and didn't know what to expect. My boyfriend had talked about times where he would come to Gearo's and it would be packed with kids and their families after their high school and college sports games. You could tell that this crowd is what Gearo's caters to - there were pennants all over the walls from local high schools and colleges, and there was something on the menu for the whole family. Our server, Emily, was extremely nice. She brought us waters, took our orders as soon as we were ready, and checked in on us just the right amount.
We ordered a plain cheese pizza, the combination platter (fried mozzarella, wings, jalapeno poppers, chicken fingers - which had a sauce for EVERYTHING) and the snack attack (junior rack of baby back ribs, chicken cutlets and shrimp, cooked  in BBQ sauce and served over fries)... like I said, we just wanted some good ol' fried stuff. While the food wasn't anything crazy, it was exactly what we wanted. The pizza was surprisingly good - I'm from NY (so I get to use that as an excuse when I'm picky about my pizza), but this wasn't trying to be NY pizza. It was traditional bar pizza - thin crust, tangy sauce, and tons of cheese.
Other than the good bar food and great service, the atmosphere was really what put this place over the top. The customers were clearly all locals who had been there a hundred times. The prices were right, too. Gearo's felt like a family place. If you haven't been and are in the mood for similar food and an authentic Northeast Philly atmosphere, I'd encourage you to go. If you used to go and haven't been in a while, don't sleep on this place and stop by soon.Gearo's has been a mainstay for myself, my family, and my friends since I was a kid (30 now). 
The staff are friendly and attentive and the menu has something for everybody. I've had great experiences with eat in, take out, and delivery. Kudos to the driver who even came out after a slippery ice storm. 
The pizza is distinctly different from your average pie but it is quite good. Their pepperoni is always nice and crispy. Love the fried mozzarella with their marinara sauce!
They often hold fundraiser nights for local schools and sports teams where they give back a percentage of sales to the organization. It's great to be able to support the community and teams that I used to attend. 
What holds me back from giving a 5 star rating is the state of the dining area. The entire place is starting to show signs of age and could probably do with a renovation to modernize the look. Some of the tables are getting run down and the carpeting has definitely been through its paces due to years of traffic.
Overall though, great place!