Delicious.  Ordered eggplant with walnut (cold dish, healthy) to start, megruli khatchapuri aka cheese bread (piping hot and fresh), and khinkali (must have! Sprinkle black pepper on it,  eat with your hands). I love ostri, a soup,  but we were too full to eat more. Bread is fresh,  made on premises using a traditional oven. For beverage order borjomi, a sparkling Georgian mineral water.  Only one thing could make it even more Georgian...byob! One day,  hopefully.Excellent food. Had a dumpling like dish. Very good very filling. Talked with the owner who was very helpful. Would like to come back for more new tastes. The lemonade is carbonated and comes in pear, tarragon and another flavour. Bread was good as well. We will return. Check out the deli first to get alook at the different dishesWe had dinner here last night and the food is really good. We really enjoyed the Mergruli Khachapuri and the Shamfurze Khachapuri. The Chakapuli meat dish was really good, nicely aromatic with tender meat. The eggplant rolls with nuts were good. The Lobani Khachapuri is a bean filled bread that had a nice black pepper bite.* You can tell this is a family owned place and they are still fine tuning the process. Decor wise they have large tables and benches reminiscent of a outdoor picnic table & benches so you get a rustic beer hall kind of feel. They need to hire more experienced server(s) while he was very nice the disorganization shows from the fact that the kitchen was bringing out things and he was not aware. I think they can work out these issues and the place will be a nice spot to highlight the regional more rustic cuisine from Georgia.
*Sorry for pictures of half eaten dishes - we were too hungry and I was too slow with the cameraFresh baked Khachipuri is why I came, but the Georgian Walnut Eggplant rolls are why I stayed.  This Northeast gem won't be hidden for long!
EDIT: Homemade cheese. 'Nuff said.I just found a little gem on Bustleton.
Charming restaurant. Lovely decor and prompt service. All bread is baked on premises in the authentic clay oven.I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for months, simply because I never tried Georgian food before. Now that I finally dined there, it was worth 40 minutes of driving from Conshohocken. For appetizer I had an Adjapsandali; which is grilled eggplant with tomato, bell peppes, onion and garlic, and it is served cold. For my main course I had a Chkmeruli; which is whole chicken cooked in milk, garlic and coriander. Alongside the chicken I had an Adjaruli; Oven baked boat shaped soft bread filled with farmers cheese, topped with butter and poached egg. It appears small in the photos, but it's actually over a foot long, which is enough to feed two people. I like how they have a shop and a bakery right inside the restaurant for Georgian goods, including boat shaped bread, and all assortments of lemonades and juices from the old country. Overall, I had a great time dining there; it was a great experience,  and I will surely bring my wife there next time.I really love the food here, especially the megruli. The cheese blend is just to die for Clean and cozy atmosphere with great service. However, when calling or going into the store side of the restaurant, service could be a little friendlier.In cities where diners have choices from too many Italian eateries and Japanese sushi places, the few Georgian restaurants struggle. Why???  In Vienna, New York, and Philadelphia over the last couple of years some excellent Georgian restaurants I really like have closed. I think it's a shame that so many diners don't try new cuisines because a lot of these ethnic cuisines are really great - including Georgian.  Well saying all this - a new Georgian restaurant has opened in Philadelphia and let's hope it can have some staying power.  After all it has garnered great reviews from the Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Magazine. I stopped in recently and concur with these positives accolades.   My meal started with a very tasty spinach pkhali.  In fact the portion size of this spinach & walnut appetizer was large so I brought some home.  I then went the popular route to an Adjaruli khachapuri.  The sulguni cheese perfectly mixed with the egg topping and the soft boat-shaped bread soaked up all the flavors. There are a  couple of other dishes I want to try here and see how they stack up to other versions of these foods that I have eaten in other Georgian restaurants.  With the prices at Georgian Bread being very inexpensive and the service being very friendly, I might just find an excuse to return sooner rather than later!Great place and very good quality food, but service needs work. Waited over an hour last time. They move slow, but cook well.Authentic Georgian food at its best. Fresh Georgian bread straight out of the real Georgian oven built in on premises. Food may taste a bit salty however it does taste just right or the same you would have it served in Georgia. Truly recommended!I just found a little gem on Bustleton.
Charming restaurant. Lovely decor and prompt service. All bread is baked on premises in the authentic clay oven.Really nice place. Everything we got was really fresh and tasted 5/5. Definitely get the anjari (not sure if I'm spelling it right), it's the dough with cheeses with an egg inside. Make sure to save room for dessert- their version of baklava is made with flaky moist dough.We had a great experience and honestly, I like to give great places another try before going to a five star review.
Upon a recommendation from someone Jenna works with, and some guidance from a co-worker of mine from Georgia, we went to a Georgian restaurant for dinner tonite.
The first dish is the adjaruli; a hot, soft bread filled with farmer's cheese, butter, and a poached egg. Really good, and very filling. Next up is sacivi; made with a boiled chicken breast and a walnut sauce. This dish actually came out first and to our surprise, was served cold. Interesting and unique taste that was different. The sauce had a distinct walnut flavor without being overpowering. Next up, is the chakhokhbili; which was chicken cooked with tomatoes and a variety of spices. Flavors reminiscent of chicken soup with a fairly mild tomato addition. This was warm and tasty, a comfort food. Last are the khinkali; very large versions of a soup dumpling that had a beef/pork filling. While the meat and soup portion weren't much larger, I wish I put something near these for scale. They are maybe a good 3x the size of a soup dumpling. Jenna barely tasted one so I pretty much downed the five alone. Had a tarragon lemonade with the meal which had an interesting herbal flavor to it.
Everything was really good and with such a unique menu, we knew right away we want to go back and try more.Just Ok. 
After a long wait, and much anticipation, we finally made it out to try this relatively new restaurant in the hood. It is very interesting inside. Very woody decorated, like a sauna. And you can see the clay oven where the namesake bread is made. There is a sign saying no alcohol, but everyone in there has a bottle of something. The seating is comprised of uncomfortable looking benches, but they are not nearly as uncomfortable as they appear.
We had a very chatty waiter, Rami, who really liked to talk about Georgian everything. It was endearing at first, but then grew annoying, especially as he attempted to upsell the whole menu to us. At first I thought the menu was very inexpensive, but when the food came most dishes were not large enough for an entree, so you should order at least a couple items per person. The first several items came out quickly, but the last item took super long time to come out - the kababi (luleh kabob) with a super secret Georgian spice - known to the rest of the kabob eating world as sumac.
Also, a lot of the items translations may be inaccurate. For example, we ordered a chicken dish that was supposedly fried on the menu, but it was actually stewed. The Georgian "Lemonade" is just a generic term for soft drink. There are several flavors of lemonade, none of which are lemon. We had the pear. It was delicious, if not more sugar than both of us should have had all weekend.
But the standout, as with all mentions of Georgian food, was the khacipuri. Adequately pronounced as hatch-ee-poor-ee. Or as I like to call it, hatchy. They have three main kinds of hatchy - I prefer the one was cheese only on the inside - which is the right balance of cheese to bread and incidentally the least expensive. 
I don't see myself coming back, but I am happy to have tried it. But you never know, if I have a hatch-mergency, I know where to turn.Such a great place, food and warm Georgian welcome. My kids picked some winning dumplings (khinkali) and bread (khachapuri) and I gorged on the eggplant.Hidden gem. Little strip mall in NE Philly and the stuff is just silly good. Had the claypot beans which were amazing. The giant bread with cheese and egg. They give you a raw egg on top and you just mix it with your fork in the cheese to cook it. So great! Also had the lamb kabob which was good but I think we would do something different next time. Nothing wrong with it but I think there were more interesting items on the menu. And the mushrooms with cheese which were also great.
There's a giant hearth as you enter the place on your right making all the bread. The walls are all wood which supplies an interesting aesthetic.
HIGHLY recommend!Where should I start: My wife and I decided to check this new restaurant out. We tried to call them to make a reservation but the phone didn't work every time that we tried to get a hold of them. Anyway, we figured we just going to drive there and eat. When we got in, one of the guys asked us if we made reservation, we said No because the phone was not functioning! Then he gave us some stupid excuse why the phone wasn't working .He did us a favor to see what he can do for us to seat us down and needed to approve it with the owner to seat us at the table... Not to mention that we arrived around 8PM on Friday night and more than half a restaurant was empty! Ok, finally we ordered different dishes to eat, they have interesting menu, but a few dishes that we wanted to order were not available for some reason. We waited forever for their house bread (note: served cold) and drinks which they served to us after appetizers and it also took a long time! 
The owner and the waitress are all over the place and it doesn't look like they know what they are doing! Mixed up with our order, food been served very late, the meat that been served to us was raw and extremely salty. 2 tables next to us suffered from the same experience! This business have raving reviews on Facebook with that said it's not the reality! The only thing that was good called : Khachapuri and eggplants with nuts!  Managment have to get their things together ASAP!Went for my moms birthday. Made a reservation and they had the table ready for us when we arrived. The place is very clean and nicely decorated. Our server was very friendly and attentive. The plates are small and meant for sharing. We tried the dumplings, lamb kabob, a root salad, beans in a clay pot, baked mushrooms and cheese (out of this world!!), bread with egg and cheese, fried potatoes, chicken livers and a beef stew. Everything was delicious! I recommend finishing off the meal with a coffee and dessert too. We will definitely be returning! So nice to see such a well managed small business and who knew Georgian food was so good! A must try if in the area!Best Georgian restaurant even compared to those in Brooklyn and Manhattan. I've eaten in numerous Georgian restaurants but no one even comes close to them. Everything is freshly made and delicious.Pretty interesting decor.  The food is good.  BYOB. 
I liked it enough my first time to go back again.
Prices are reasonable.  Still need to go to Georgia though.That adjaruli khachapuri is gorgeous!! I don't know a single bit about Georgian cuisine --but that adjaruli is gorgeous !! I really want to go there many more times and try other good stuff but it's so far off from my place. The homemade apricot drink is fantastic too, somewhat like canned fruit but more focusing on the thicker syrup side with better and fresher taste...Nice little neighborhood restaurant.  Our first Georgian meal and it was delicious.  There was a lot of food.  The soup dumplings (which should be eaten with hands) were tasty and filling.  All the breads were hot and full of cheese.  Service was friendly and there's also a store to buy more food to take home.Very unique and authentic place! Very kind owners and the servers! Delicious food and beautiful decor! Strongly recommended!If you are around the area and haven't tried their food PLEASE go! Everything on the menu is soo good. The bread, soups, meats, EVERYTHING. I went in for lunch one Saturday and I was impressed. A very very nice place. Staff was very welcoming tooI know very little about Georgian cuisine, but I can't imagine how it could be better! We ordered three dishes: kababi, eggplant with walnuts, and the adjaruli (oven baked, boat shaped bread with cheese, butter, and egg). Each dish was exceptional and full of complex flavors. The bread is clearly a feature here as the traditional oven is on view in the front of the restaurant, as it should be. It is baked perfectly; golden and crispy on the outside, incredibly soft on the inside, and served piping hot. I love eggplant in general, and the creamy, nutty paste really made this dish special. The kebabi was well seasoned ground beef and pork served on a rather intimidating skewer that would be perfect for impaling your enemy. The meat was juicy and also served piping hot. I certainly will be coming back again to try more dishes, as everything served at other tables looked amazing as well! 
Also note: the restaurant is BYOB and has a wide selection of takeaway food.
Our server was warm and friendly and made great recommendations.
Five stars all around!Discovered this place on the way to Net Cost. Excellent food and reasonable price. Great staff. Interesting decor. Clean. Spacious. We had pickled vegetables, a pizzalike disc with cheese called khachapuri, a shashlik sausage, and the Georgian version of soup dumplings. All excellent. The showpiece of the restaurant is a massive clay oven. You can watch bread being made and baked. Reminded me of a tandoor oven. We brought a loaf home and my kids devoured it. We also had Russian  soft drinks that were translated on the menu as lemonade, but were actually pear soda and cream soda. Recommended.All i can say is delicious!! I had the megruli and mushrooms with cheese it was soo good that im back again the next dayGeorgian Bread is absolutely wonderful! I have been to Georgia and the food is exactly the same. You can tell it is cooked from the heart. Everything that we ordered we loved. We had Kinkhalis, Khachapuri, Lobiani, eggplants with walnuts, and of course the bread which is absolutely delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and fun to be around. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.This was recommended to me from a friend . I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The food was great. Our waiter was amazing and provided awesome service. I will definitely be returning !Did one of my short list of favorite things today: enjoyed a cusine I never had before and really liked it. Good was great, really impressive for being such a new place!I love their Adjaruli bread, it's like boat shaped bread with Georgian cheeses in the middle and raw egg on top. The egg will slowly cook and fuse with cheese and butter. You tear apart around the bread and dip the bread into the cheese. We ordered Khinkali, it's basically oversized dumpling. That one also was delicious. So far I'm happy with what they have there. Want to try more food in the future. Price also fair, it's fairly cheap and affordable. Place is clean and nice. Definitely recommend this place!What a hidden treasure! Went here yesterday for the first time with my sister and a friend. All three walked away full and completely satisfied with the tasty and reasonably priced  dishes as well as the open and friendly environment. We ordered a variety of dishes to share with helpful input from the staff who were attentive and patient in answering questions. 
We started with the eggplant and walnut salad. Then came the soup, oven baked bread with melted cheese, kebab, beans in the clay pot, and dumplings stuffed with meat, herbs and broth. Everything was tasty and fresh. Portions were generous so I left with a bag of leftover goodies! All three of us gave all dishes a thumbs up although I think the cheese bread, dough filled with meat and herbs, and kebab were my favorites. The eggplant salad was the most unique dish in both taste and texture. All great picks.
A bonus treat was the big screen TV in the back... playing Sukishvili (the National Ballet of Georgia) who were dancing to traditional Georgian music. My sister and I had seen them live in Philadelphia a couple of years ago. They are a mesmerizingly beautiful and phenomenally talented troupe with a unique dance movements. Ask staff to put it on if you go! Adds a nice authentic cultural special touch. And there is a deli counter in the other room if you want some take away. I took a Neapolitan with filo dough and cream filling for dessert later ( was very light and not real sweet)  as well as a container of cabbage rolls stuffed with meat and rice so I don't have to cook, tomorrow. 
We all said we would go back again...a very worthwhile discovery in an unassuming strip mall.Some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. Nice family-owned restaurant. I was not there to dine in, but they gave me a free pastry to go and said it was a gift. It looked like phylo dough with a cream center. Not sure what it was, but it was delicious! Also had the eggplant with walnuts. I've never tasted anything like it, but I really like it and was pleasantly surprised. I'll definitely be going back!The best place in Philadelphia
I love their khachapuri i khinkali The best place in Philadelphia
I love their khachapuri i khinkali
The best place in Philadelphia
I love their khachapuri i khinkaliThe service if awful. Your spot in line is seen according to a hierarchy: people who speak Georgian, man, women. The food is good.Never had Georgian cuisine so got my family to come try this place with me and was not disappointed! The place has a cozy neighborhood feel but with a pretty nice, well decorated interior, and was packed when we came in for lunch on a weekend. Luckily, they were able to accommodate us and set us up downstairs. 
Of course their specialty is breads, especially the cheese-filled khatchapuri, so we had to get one of those; it came super warm and fresh, with an egg cracked over and mixed into the molten cheese right at our table. The bread and cheese were awesome, so simple but so tasty together. We also tried the veal ojakhuri (veal chunks fried with potatoes onions and herbs) which was meaty and filling. I'm not a big pickle fan, but my dad got the pickled veggie platter as a side and seemed to like them. The khinkali (thick dumplings filled with juicy, almost soupy ground meat and herbs) were surprisingly flavorful, meaty, and full of herbs that give it a fresh and interesting flavor profile. Our last entree, the chkmeruli (chicken cooked in milk, garlic, and coriander) was surprisingly good, with the juicy and crispy skin chicken floating in the refreshing, slightly creamy milk sauce. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the kharcho meat soup, which could've used a bit more flavor.
Overall, for my first time trying Georgian cuisine, I was super satisfied and super full! Everything here definitely felt fresh and home made, and I can't wait to come back and try some of their other bread specialties and meat dishes.Unusual food, beautifully presented. If you're tired of the same-old, this is the solution. Came here during a quick stop at the nearby small-plane airport. We told them we were in a time crunch and got all the items quickly despite it being Friday night. Wish we had this in Boston!This restaurant has always been on my list of places to try and for some reason could never make it. Well this is now one of my new favorites in the northeast. We ended up with a large group and the staff was very accommodating. Now for the food we ended up trying a nice amount of food from the menu and everything was fabulous. The Georgian style "soup dumplings" are probably my favorite just for the fun aspect of eating them. These are similar to your Shanghai style however the inside is very different and very flavorful. We will definitely be returning!!Come hungry because the food is good and it's filling and must try the Adjaruli Khachapuri (Georgian Bread)If you coming to eat in this restaurant in winter, do not forget your wine. They keep temperature at 66F, freezing and uninviting, you have to seat and eat in a coat to stay warm. That's a shame, because the idea and menu of this place are interesting. The best of what we ordered was "khachapuri megruli" and soup "harcho". "Spinach and walnut" dish was ok, lamb shashlik was like a robber , and cake "Ideal" was too dry , and some of this food gave me a heartburn... not going to come back or recommend this place...Service is much improved and they have tweaked the menu a bit.
All the breads are of course still the stand out winners here made in the traditional oven on full display as you walk in the entrance.Before Georgian Bread I have never had Georgian Cuisine before. I've tried various dishes from here, such as the Adjaruli - bread boat with cheese and eggs. The Imeruli - best described as a circular quesadilla with different cheeses, and the Lobiani - similar to Imeruli with the addition of beans. Everything I've tried from here, has been delicious. The only downfall being that some of the items are a tad salty for my taste. They also make fresh bread daily, for under $3 you can get a boat shaped bread hot out the oven! I've never had any issues with the staff in the restaurant either, everyone is very nice. Some of the staff have a slight language barrier but don't let that stop you from checking out this gem.I love this place  !!! If you want to taste genuinely real Georgian Dishes go to this restaurant.!!!! 
Oh, and one more thing they have their own lemonade and i love it ! Just ask for the Lemon lemonade. Their Khachapuri is really good and KhinkaliVery authentic Georgian cuisine. You can tell when most people going to that restaurant are actually from Georgia! 
Will recommend a few plates to share so you can try different plates and flavors. Big portions and everything very tasty.Oh. My. God. We had dinner here last night and haven't stopped talking about it! This was truly an amazing meal, worth the trek out to the northeast. Food was absolutely incredible - every thing we ordered was delicious. Service was great, and prices? AMAZING. We are already planning on going again (and we know exactly what we will order!). 
Khachapuri. Any of them. But we ordered the Megruli (kind of like a pizza with no sauce) and the Adjaruli (boat-shaped bread with cheese & egg). Both were amazing, but the Adjaruli was particularly special. 
Mushrooms & Cheese. SO flavorful. Would order again, maybe even without the cheese! 
Khinkali (soup dumplings). Huge. SO good. Salty (but in a good way!). 
Spinach. The healthiest thing we ordered - still amazing! Great flavor, served cold, nice spread on bread. 
Fried Pork & Potatoes. Our least favorite of the dishes, but STILL incredibly good! 
Just GO. Bring friends so you can order more dishes and try more things. OH - and TIP: it's BYOB, bring a bottle (or two!).Georgian Bread Cuisine on Bustleton Avenue in Northeast, Philly, is an excellent deli/restaurant specializing in the very interesting and tasty kitchen from this small nation in eastern Europe on the Black Sea. That these people thrived as a gateway to Asia for more than a thousand years is both an important historic fact and an exceptional cultural phenomenon that is a great benefit to everyone. After dinner there it was fascinating how their food captured elements of all the Silk Road traffic that brought the food from the far East and West through Tblisi and other ancient cities, leaving their diverse flavors and skills behind. 
Everything we sampled reminded of dishes eaten in other cooking styles. The eggplant with walnuts, with its mildly bitter nightshade base and soft sweetness from the ground walnut hummus-like spread, took me to Middle Eastern and Greek houses. The adjaruli bread boat with its tender hot dough split open on top to expose a lake of molten cheese and raw egg, came right from an oven that looked similar to a tandor Indian oven, and easily reminded of an Italian calzone, only more cheesily delicious. Finally, the khinkali soup dumplings were larger versions of Shanghai xiao long bao, complete with steaming beef/pork consume and flavorful filling, and eaten by hand. 
Whether it was Marco Polo or Ghengis Khan bringing these ideas on their travels or conquests, or anyone else along the way, this Georgian restaurant continues the culinary exchange between East and West, and is awesome food for both taste buds and anthropologists.First time here. Tried it on a whim. Very impressed. 
I had the imeruli, which was very good. 
Also tried the ojakhuri , which also was excellent. 
Will be going backIt's been so long since I'd tried a cuisine which felt unlike  things I'm otherwise familiar with. This place was a great surprise.  We had the khinkali (Georgian soup dumplings) which just blew me away, an order of roasted eggplant salad, a spinach and walnut salad which was puréed  , and a loaf of fresh baked bread. The dumplings surpassed the best Chinese soup dumplings. The spinach salad was full of garlic and dill and was so yum.  The service was attentive and friendly. I can't wait to come back and try the bread with cheese and egg.The cheesey bread is soooo good !!!! Service is amazing. Friendly staff. Good atmosphere. Good food. What else can you want?Delicios Georgian food and big portions! 
We had Acharuli khachapuri, Khinkali, Eggplants with nuts and Ojakhuri. It was great experience. Definitely recommend it!Unbelievably delicious, wanted to shop at netcost, so just find a place nearby to eat. When parked, smelled so good from outside, so just walked in. 
Ordered eggplant, adjaruli and Knikali. All very good!!! Though it's far away from the city, definitely will visit again!!!Came with my family and sampled many things on the menu. Everything was fresh and delicious! We grossly underestimated the portions and had tons of leftover food.  Stars of the night were the breads, dumplings, kabobs, and the dessert.  We had snickers cake and I can not stop thinking about it! Will definitely be back to sample more from the menu.We walked in and it wasn't too packed so we sat down. The server was very knowledgeable and answered all our questions (we had a lot because we never tried true Georgian cuisine). She was very nice and made sure we were OK throughout our entire lunch. The service was great and the food was delicious! So that means this place is a must try in the northeast.Solid, and reasonably priced. We were here a few weeks ago for dinner, it was nearly the equal of a place I'd been to in DC in January, and about a quarter the price.Best place for Georgian food in the USA. Prices are great, food is authentic and fresh. Try the honey cake.Been here once before and got the Imeruli, bread with cheese in it to go. It was 10/10... went again for dinner last night. Got the kebabs, they were big portions. The Adjaruli, bread boat with the egg was great. Place is a nice spot. Their breads are the best, like a pastry almost. Go give it a whirl.The food was amazing. Very flavorful and tasted fresh. The service however is another story. I have never felt un welcomed before in a restaurant before coming here. We walked in and there were several tables open. It took about 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. When we asked if we could have a table, the waitress said not tonight. Since we drove all the way from the city we decided to get takeout instead. About 20 minutes into waiting for our takeout we asked if we could sit down to wait. The waiting area is standing room only and very small. The same waitress who early said there were no tables sat us at one of the many empty tables and gave us menus. When we explained we already ordered she brought out the food we ordered for take out. As previously mentioned, it was a bizarre service experience. However despite this, the food was excellent and I would definitely make the 35 minute drive to try it again. They take reservations which I would recommend making if coming on a weekend evening.Get there when the bread is taken hot out of the massive brick tandoor like oven! I bet you can't wait to take a bite! Delicious! Also had their eggplant vegetarian dish! They advised eating it cold but it was even better when heated!What a great find!! I almost went to Georgia before the pandemic hit and wanted to make sure I at least sample the cuisine. This place is a bit of a hike from center city but totally worth it in my opinions. We got different types of Georgian breads, one of the desserts and a chicken dish. Everything was delicious. Their cheese on the bread is so different and flavorful. It's a bunch of salty goodness. 
I will definitely go back to try more stuffGeorgian Bread? Yes please. Every time is good.Food is delicious, service is awful. Nobody speaks English ( I am not American but we are in USA and you are running a restaurant business here!). I also felt not comfortable waiting for my order to be accepted as Georgian speaking people would walk in and  talk to the restaurant employees, not minding any lines of clients who had arrived earlier. I wanted certain dishes and the woman basically talked me out of them offering the food they already cooked. It looked like they are afraid to have leftovers by the end of the day. I doubt I will eat there again and it's a shame because I love Georgian cuisineNortheast Philly seems saturated with food from Eastern Europe/Western Asia, and yet despite this, I find myself still surprised by many restaurants that seem to fly under the radar. Georgian Bread Cuisine is one such place, and upon hearing that there was a spot that made housemade cheese bread in this traditional manner, and was only 10 minutes from where i lived, I had to go. We came as a group of 8 and they were very accommodating, setting aside a large table downstairs even as that level was not open during lunch service(usually the downstairs is for parties as it's a more formal setting). On the main floor, you walk in and are instantly aware of the large open heating unit to the right, where through a glass screen you can see the fresh bread prepared. To the left you see the main dining area, comprised of picnic style benches suitable for 6 guests to a table, while directly ahead you have a deli counter where you can order certain things to go. 
The menu is varied but focused enough to not be overwhelming, and in addition to ordering the Megruli and Adjaruli, we also got a variety of entrees. The entrees are cheap, but are in between tapas and main dishes in size, and so to make a meal out of one you probably also want some bread on the side(not a problem since bread is sort of their thing here)
The good:
-Megruli and Adjaruli's are must gets. The iconic breads, the Megruli is circular and filled inside and above with hot cheese; truly the best form of a melty cheese bread. The adjaruli is the boat with egg in the middle, which scrambles delicious with the cheese in a mix. You can't go wrong with either
-Georgian Lemonade: they have one made with pear, though I swear I also tasted hints of vanilla. It's non-alcoholic, carbonated, and delicious if you like any of those flavors
-Adjapsandali: A cold eggplant salad, made with tomato, garlic, onion, bell peppers. A great foil to the cheese breads
-Ojakhuri: I wish they gave more pieces of pork, but the pieces offered did taste good. And the potatoes, flavored with dill, are soft but crispy on the outside, altogether delicious
The ok:
-Chkmeruli: Chicken cooked in milk, garlic, and coriander. Parts of the chicken were dry, but the sauce really helps with that. Plus you can keep it to dip other things in
-Mushroom & cheese: It is what it's advertised as. If you like mushrooms and cheese, go for it.
-Khinkhali: These are basically soup dumplings, but twice the size of a normal soup dumpling, and with thicker skin. Due to their size, they have a lot of soup, so be wary of that. The flavoring is also different, being a more intense beefy taste, so I'd give it a try to see if you like it. I personally like flavor profile in Chinese soup dumplings more so, but that may be just what I'm used to.
The meh:
-Sup-Kharcho: A bowl of beef stew. Didn't taste bad necessarily, but very forgettable, and for the price you're probably better off enjoying their other dishes instead
-Chakapuli: Veal simmered in wine and seasoned with tarragon; there is more broth in this than I anticipated, and while the veal is tender, it is ultimately not a highlight of the meal.
All in all, come for the bread, and get a few things to complement it, and that will serve you will. Service is very friendly, and don't skimp on the Georgian Lemonade.I am glad I waited until I made two visits before posting a review.  My first one was pretty good, but the second was a mess and I will not be coming back.
Food: Chicken Tabaka was good first visit, during second it was obviously pre-made and sat somewhere in the kitchen.  It was served before anything else; which also explains the timing. The outside was hot, but inside the bone was ice cold. Lamb kabob was overcooked.
Service: Non existant.  I can understand a somewhat language barrier, but when the server doesn't ask how food should be prepared (Rare,Med,etc) or how the food was after it was served. Another drink? Nothing! Zero service.  She did have time to chat with a friend in a booth at the end of the dining area.
Overall: I was a fan during my first visit, but after the 2nd: I will not be coming back. sorry.We went on a Friday night and they were painting their tables, so you had to sit downstairs where there is only Georgian men speaking their native language and drinking bottles of vodka. Feels awkward. 
I just don't understand who decided to paint tables in a restaurant on a Friday night and still have the restaurant open. Reeked of paint/stain 
Like the other reviews mention, it is freezing in the restaurant. We all ate with our coats on.
You can't help but feel that the people there think you are stupid because you are American.
When the bread with cheese came out it was cold and the raw egg they put on was completely raw, just a raw eggs, egg whites included, just rolling around on top of cold cheese.
Again, I can't help but think they wouldn't have served us this dish like this if we spoke their language. I understand that the yolk will be raw, but from my understanding, the bread and cheese are supposed to be hot and the egg whites will then cook into the cheese. 
The dumpling were bad. The dough is thick and bland and inside is a hard rubber piece of meat. I really wanted to like this place, but I just couldn't eat this. 
And yes, the lemonade drinks are not actually lemonade. They are a disgustingly sugary soft drink
I really wanted to like this place but apparently they don't care to have returning customers -unless they are Georgian.Amazing ! Portions , quality, taste , service ! It's the best Georgian food ! Simply amazing ! And the bread is to die for !Was introduced to Georgian Bread Cuisine by colleagues while on a business trip- first time eating Georgian food and it was absolutely fantastic.
We ordered a multitude of dishes, but the winner by far was Adjaruli, an oven baked soft bread filled with cheese! So soft and delicious. 
We also had the assortment of walnut 'salads': beets with walnuts, spinach with walnuts, and eggplant with walnuts-- all mashed and rolled in balls. A little unusual, but very good. Also recommend the khinkali-- the Georgian version of soup dumplings but on a much larger scale.
The only dish I wasn't a fan of, was a chicken dish in walnut sauce; while from a flavor standpoint it was quite flavorful, it was served cold which was unexpected. I likely would've enjoyed much more if it was a hot dish, but understood this is likely the way it was meant to be served.
This definitely won't be my last time trying Georgian cuisine, and happy to have had this location been my first.Love love love this place!!!! Delicious food and great atmosphere. The prices are very reasonable compared to many other restaurants and you get huge portions!They have really good food...but we have waited an hour and just half the food came and we had a few people that were hungry and after an hour still didn't get food. 
They have burned our chicken and chicken todak that usually comes soaked in special broth came in dry and they just gave us half of the chicken when it supposed to come a full. 
Our friend group loves the place but this service is not what we were expected. 
If you have the chance go to another location.Bread and cheese is always a winning combination. When I saw the photos posted here of the cheesy goodness, I was easily persuaded for a visit. Don't worry if you don't know nothing about Georgian food! Everything we had was good. I think most people come here for the cheese bread varieties, which are quite tasty, but the thing that really impressed me was the variety of delicious dishes at Georgian Bread Cuisine.
Of course we got the bread boat with the cheese and egg. You tear off pieces from the edge of the bread and dip them into the cheese and egg mixture in the center of the bread boat. I enjoyed it, but the bread itself tasted a lot like the dough of an inside out or a calzone. Not a bad thing, but just not what I was expecting. It was like a really nice white pizza. 
My favorite dish was the mushrooms in a clay pot with cheese. They had a lot of depth and flavor were well seasoned and topped with fresh dill. The eggplant salad full of tender eggplant and roasted peppers. The fried seasoned chicken was good, but just typical fried chicken that you can find at a lot of places. We had to wait a while on this one because they sold out if he prepped ones. Looking at a nearby table, I think going with a kabob might have been a better choice. 
Don't forget that they have some interesting soft drinks! There is Georgian Lemonade in some different varieties. It's more like a citrus soda. I had the tarragon which had a nice herbal flavor, and while sweet wasn't cloyingly so.  It was colored like lime jello green, so if you have an aversion to food coloring you might want to avoid that one though. 
Service was prompt and friendly, and the prices are very reasonable. Don't forget to make a reservation. I will return for those mushrooms and to try the other bread and lemonade varieties!I like trying new places.  This one was just opening when I went there.  The owner introduced himself to me. The yummy food has an authentic Georgia influence (not the Georgia next to Florida). I'm the dining area, the tv was playing a show with Cossacks dancing. I will try again.The authenticity level of this place can only be described by the 2 middle aged men  at the table next to us who drank almost an entire bottle of vodka while sitting next to us.
We BYOBed, but also really enjoyed some of the Georgian juices -white cherry, sour cherry, and apricot juice which just tasted like the syrup from a can of peaches. These would probably actually be really good with vodka. We had trouble flagging down our waiter for water/glasses, etc, so ended up at the deli counter next door buying some sparkling water that tasted like alka seltzer.
I've never had Georgian good before, but it was really great. DO NOT MISS THE KHINKALI. They are like big thicker skinned Georgian cousins of the Asian soup dumplings you're familiar with from Dim Sum Garden. Ours took forever to come out to the point where we were stuffed and wondered whether they were coming at all, but they were worth the wait. True to it's name, the Georgian Bread is also amazing. The cheesy one is reminiscent of Domino's cheesy bread in the best way possible. We also really enjoyed the yolky egg one. We tried a number of things and really liked the assorted pickles, eggplant tomato dish and the veal. The lamb kabob was good too. We were not as big of a fan of the chicken livers (a little dry) or the eggplant with Walnut and the garden salad was pretty plain (no dressing) but nice to have some veggies for an otherwise meat and cheese heavy meal. There were also enough vegetarian dishes for our vegetarian friend (although one of these was a rather large vase of beans).
The service, as mentioned, was a bit hit or miss (they missed a dish, and we missed our waiter refilling our water). 
Definitely recommend for an authentic Georgian food experience! Don't forget to BYOVodka!I had a friend post a picture of Adjaruli about 6 months ago and I've been on the hunt ever since. It was an awesome new food to try and I'll definitely be back to expand my tastebuds even more!Everything is great! Prices were high. Overall good place to have a middle eastern cuisineKachapuri! Delicious and hard to stop eating! 
Several other interesting and delicious offerings at this northeast Philly restaurant, too. 
Also highly recommend the mushroom and cheese dish as well as the extra large soup dumplings. 
Only complaints are that, while the service was friendly, but was slow. This was because the two waitresses were very overwhelmed with a party downstairs as well as a full house on a Saturday night. 
The other complaint is that much of the food was VERY salty. 
Otherwise, a fun experience.One of the most racist places I've ever been in, they had plenty of open tables but they looked for reasons not to seat us. Had us wait for a while to say we will have to leave in an hour because they have a reservation at 8pm. Table isn't reserved because they could just easily wait for the previous customers to leave and wait on new tables. I was so upset over it because I actually like this place and usual do take out. But wanted to sit and enjoy with my family and teach them about new food and culture. Unfortunately the behavior of the staff was very unwelcoming, we ended up leaving. Did not feel welcomed at all. 1 star was given because of the food, but everything else doesn't deserve it. Staff didn't even put on gloves, wearing mask exposing their nose. Hopefully they fix it soon because any further exposer. Hand sanitizers was not everywhere. Won't be back here againHad the adjaruli. The poached egg was not poached. It was raw. It was still clear and not white. Had to dump the egg off and reheat the rest in the oven. It was very good though.Venturing out to new cuisine. I really liked this place. Good homemade food. Everything came out hot fresh perfect and delicious. Would definitely go back and recommend to everyone who want to try new things. I don't eat beans but I tried the clay pot one and they were delicious so much so that I wanted a to go order.Went here with family for lunch because i heard a lot of good things about this place. Hachapuri was amazing. But that's about it. My husband ordered Roasted Chicken in Garlic sauce. It was horrible. It was old, dry and sauce was blend. I got pork kabab. I couldn't eat it! This was the first time EVER that i couldn't eat something. I am not a picky eater. I called the server over and told her that it was really bad. She asked why. I literally took a folk and KNOCKED on the meat, it was so hard it made a very distinct knock. I slid one piece off the skewer and tried to tear it with my fingers and failed. She said she is going to tell the chef, but didnt bring the meat back to the kitchen or taken it off the check. Mushrooms were ok. Roasted vegetables looked like a pile of caned throw up. Cold and unrecognizable. We paid 60$ and left all our food on the table. I will never eat there again.Great restaurant!  Delicious Migruli flatbread.  Excellent kebab. We also love buying cakes there.We saw the bread oven in the window and were intrigued, Always willing to try a new ethnic food we came back for lunch. We have been back several times and brought friends. We have had the kabobs, Adjaruli bread, Khinkali dumplings, and several types of salad. It was all absolutely delicious. The wait staff is very friendly and helpful. 
The décor reminds me of the kolyba style of Ukrainian or Slovak restaurants, with wooden paneling and rustic wooden tables. I was waiting for the slivovitz to appear, but instead vodka appears to be the drink of choice. 
It is a wonderful choice for a group or an intimate dinner .