Love this place!  Got a recommendation from a friend - called valentines weekend and he was able to find us a table, last minute.  It was a later time slot then I wanted - but worked out since it gave us a chance to get the kids down  before we went out.  I rate things on: Taste, Service, Price, Portion size and atmosphere.  All were very good - but it was a bit loud which took away from the dining experience a bit, but hey - it's center city Philly on a Saturday night- it's going to be loud no matter where you go!I enjoyed a fun Saturday night date with my husband at this charming neighborhood BYOB Italian restaurant over the weekend.  It was a delicious meal at a great price and we will definitely be back.  My craving for pasta hit around lunchtime on Saturday, and I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to get a reservation for that night - albeit at 9:30.  We drooled over the online menu, picked up a nice bottle of red and were seated promptly when we arrived for our reservation.  Service throughout the evening was very friendly.  There were a few minor delays, but the restaurant was legitimately packed.
We started our meal by sharing the BLT salad, which was comprised of baby arugula, tomatoes, crispy pancetta and shaved parmesan nicely complemented by an appropriate amount of limoncello vinaigrette.  They split the salad onto two plates in the kitchen, which is always a nice touch.  For entrees the husband had a pork loin special with spinach and roasted potatoes in a white wine sauce while I had a pasta special of homemade fettuccine with sausage and wild mushrooms.  The pork loin was flavorful and properly cooked, but I think the poor guy had dinner envy because my pasta was out of this world fantastic!  The sausage, mushrooms, and sauce were all divine, but the noodles themselves would have been exquisite just with butter and parmesan.  I think taking advantage of all of the homemade pastas is the way to best enjoy Giorgio.  The portions were generous and we were sure we could not handle dessert . . . until we saw the creme brulee delivered to the table next to us.  Let's just say I am glad we made room for it.
The only real downside was that the restaurant was loud.  I wouldn't usually dock a star for this, but it was skull-rattling, could-not-hear-the-waitress, could-not-have-a-conversation loud.  We had the misfortune of being seated in the upper room with two very large and very drunk bachelorette parties, so I am hoping it is usually a little better.  I am glad they were having a nice time, but when one group broke out a strobe light and started blowing their penis whistle party favors, a little polite intervention from the staff might have improved the night for other diners.  Oh well - if it is just regular "Saturday night loud" on our next trip, a star will be immediately added back.  Mangia Bene!I really enjoyed this place, and so did my husband (vegetarian) and grandfather. The service was friendly and helpful (the happy medium between overly attentive and too slow). The food was great (I had the homemade ravioli which were amazing), and they had delicious homemade desserts (which were the high point for my husband and included a tiramisu, a pumpkin creme brulee, and they also gave us a slice of homemade chocolate cake on the house that was moist and yummy). This was the best meal I have had out in a while, and I can't wait to go back.
Went back for a family birthday dinner, and it was even better than I remembered. The food was incredible, and the owner was so warm and welcoming. For once, my entire family was impressed, and I don't think that has ever happened before.Great gluten free options (not the gluten free pizza) - delicious authentic Italian.  Great service despite being a packed restaurant.Awesome.  Had the ribeye, pasta with clams, and roasted veggies. Great flavor and service.To be quite honest, I was looking forward to catching up with my roommate while having a nice, relaxing meal paired with some wine but this place was a complete zoo on a Friday evening! Most of our conversation was along the lines of "Sorry, What did you say??" "Huhh? It's so loud!" "Oh man, I have such a headache!"
Pros: BYOB and Gluten-free options
Cons: Loud/Noisy, "handmade pasta" but wasn't cooked thoroughly, overpriced & bland ($52 for 2 plates of a 'special' fettuccine - one with meat and one with seafood)
I will probably give this restaurant one more try (on a weekday) and order anything than a pasta.I dined here last night with my family for my birthday. It was my second time, and it was just as good as the first time I tried this place. The food is simple with fresh ingredients. We ordered the linguine with clams, ribeye, chicken valentina, and the parmesan encrusted pork special. That pork chop was the best I ever had. We were all raving about it. It is a small place that gets packed even on a weeknight, but our waitress was great! At one point, she did get backed up while we were waiting to order dessert/coffee. She comp'ed the dessert because of the delay. BEST creme brulee I have ever had, and I'm not even a dessert person. Overall excellent experience.Yes for the gluten-free options! Yes for the service! Yes to the other patrons who fill the air with happy conversation! Definitely a great place to have a casual meal whether with family, friends, or a fun date.Gorgio's continues to impress me, time and time again. They have amazing food and their gluten free selection is phenomenal. I get the beef ragout almost every time. It's so delicious!Best Italian restaurant I've been to in Philly!  I hosted my 30th birthday dinner in their private dining room with 37 family & friends.  The space was amazing, the staff members were so accommodating and the food was unreal.  Giorgio also allowed us to drop off all of our own beer/wine in the morning so we did not have to bring with us to dinner.  The food, was awesome!  Appetizers were served family style for the party and everyone selected their own entree which were all hot & delish.  The dessert, chocolate cake & tiramisu came as a duet and was also amazing!!I had been wanting to try this place since I moved into the city and I really want to give Giorgio more stars, but it falls just short of 4. Let's say 3.5. 
The good: BYOB, gluten-free options, and my linguini with clams was absolutely delicious.
The not-so-great: EXTREMELY loud, my caprese salad was incredibly average (iceberg lettuce? really?), and I tried my friend's gnocchi that I hear is their signature dish and I found it to be too mushy with a grainy texture.
Still had a great time with friends, and although it wouldn't be my first choice for Italian in the city, I would go back again.Giorgio. I've met him on occasion, and is a wonderfully friendly guy. I happened to see him at an Eagles game once, and mentioned it to him at the restaurant. We then talked about for about 15 minutes of how much they sucked! Alas, this review is for the restaurant, not the owner.
It is a very cute little place. It can get packed, especially on weekends, so if you're worried about waits, get a reservation. It's also a BYO. I love BYOs. I can bring my 20$ bottle of wine and be happy. 
I've been here about 6 times...and every time I've gone, the food has been outstanding. Seriously. I can't fault it at all. Desserts? The same. (If you are on a gluten free diet, there are lots of options for you too.)
The waitstaff are excellent. They take the time to explain everything to you, and make the experience a bit more personal then the average restaurant. 
I haven't been here in about 3 months. Writing this review is making me hungry, and want to go again soon!Yuuuuuuuum. This place is almost always busy. Because it is so good. The pasta is al dente and you get huge portions. The service is great. The food is awesome, and the menu is huge. There's something for everyone. Also before your meal you get fresh bread with olive oil marinated with roasted sweet garlic. Best idea ever. The garlic is incredible spread on the bread. I crave it. 
The creme brûlée is the best creme brûlée I've ever had. The veal was also the best veal I've ever had. 
I love this place so much. I always want to come here, but we save it for special occasions because it is a little pricey. But worth every penny. I don't think it is overpriced at all.I will start out with my complaints. My boyfriend and I showed up here a little after 5 on a Thursday evening. We didn't make reservations. We arrived and we were the only ones there. Our host said we had to be out by 6:30. I'm not sure if he was kidding or not, but I definitely felt rushed. We stayed until about 7, and there were still empty seats at that time. We ordered a special appetizer. Sliced tomato and cucumber with jumbo crab and basil salad in a lemon vinaigrette. It was okay. I don't recommend it due to its blandness and lack of freshness.
As for entrees, we also ordered off of the special menu. I ordered sweet potato gnoochi (homemade) in a light Alfredo sauce with wilted spinach. The sauce was incredible but the gnoochis weren't as light as I would of hoped. However, I will still recommend this dish. My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan crusted bone-in pork chop. It was so so good!! I kept stealing pieces off his plate. 
To finish off, we had a rich chocolate cake. It was so worth the calories! The picture will speak for itself.
I will also post a picture of our Italian wine that we brought from fine wine and spirits. It was a good pair with our meal.Went here twice so far; first in Oct 2012 second in Nov 2012. Not enough great things to say. Food is great, its byob... Can't beat it! Atmosphere is a bit loud but that's a byob and an open space so you expect it a bit. Have had the oyster/mussel appetizer twice and will again. Pastas are fresh and amazing. Specials have looked/tastes great.
Highly recommend this spot for a date night or group night up to 6 people.I love this place. The owner is a great guy who gets to know his customers very well. The fact that it is a BYO makes it even better. However, because you can BYO, the prices for dinner are a little high.
For an appetizer I had the grilled caesar salad. It was delicious!! Not too much dressing and the right amount of char on the romaine to make a tasty salad.
For an entree I had pasta. The pasta itself tasted homemade and everything was fresh. Since I live close by, this is definitely a great neighborhood place to have around.Giorgio's is one of my favorite places in the city. The ambiance is cute Italian without the kitsch, the food is invariably great, and the service is impeccable.
The owner brings a lot of life to this place. He recognized me and my boyfriend the second (yes, second) time we dined there, and is sure to check in on his customers throughout the meal to make sure everything is alright and to make you feel at home. Even on busy nights, we have not felt pressured to get in and out, nor have we felt ignored by the (obviously busy) staff.
I have tried a few different dishes at Giorgio's, all of which have been yummy. The sweet potato gnocchi, when in season, is to die for, and the boyfriend swears by their chicken dishes. The desserts, while standard (tiramisu, etc.), are delicious.
All-in-all Giorgio's is reliably a great meal, and we will continue to return.We had such a wonderful Saturday lunch at Giorgio on Pine. Before a show at the Kimmel Center, we walked over to Giorgio's-bringing 7 children with us. We received a warm welcome and delicious food, served thoughtfully and efficiently.
The restaurant was very attentive to our concerns about food allergies. They specially prepared two items for my son, who is allergic to tree nuts. He loved the delicious food, and we all appreciated how the staff responded to our requests. Also, our server was masterful about communicating with the children.
Thank you for a relaxing Saturday afternoon in the neighborhood. We're coming back for the pasta primavera, the gnocchi and the kale salad!I have been to Giorgio On Pine twice now and have had amazing experiences both times.
As a vegan, it's not easy to find authentic italian food. I am a light eater and I can never finish my plate of food.. There was not one gnocchi left on my (enormous) plate by the time I was done. I was blown away with how amazing this dish was. The portion, the taste, the authenticity. It was unbelievable. My girlfriend gets the mussels every time and always tries a new dish and has been over the moon with it all. She was raised by Brooklyn Italians and is extremely picky about the italian food she consumes. She's so impressed with their food she wants to bring all of her family when they visit.
I think people need to take into account that this is an extremely small, family owned business. They do everything by hand, without computers and with a very small staff. Sometimes, regardless of reservations, you have to wait. That's inevitable on a Friday/Saturday evening, especially in a small restaurant. I promise that once you get seated and the food starts coming, you will be happy. 
Each time I've come, Giorgio has come over and apologized for the wait (which was never that bad) and ensured our meal came out as we liked. Our servers have always been pleasant and accommodating. Even with the millions of questions I ask about the menu, they always answer with a smile on their face. Stephen is also such a sweetheart. He remembered our names when we came the second time and sent us dessert and coffee on the house. He always takes the time to talk to us and get to know us personally, not just as guests.
Being kind and understanding gets you far more in life than getting angry and impatient. Wait for your table, understand that it's stressful when a restaurant is busy and I promise you'll have an amazing experience once seated!After looking semi last minute for some where to go for dinner with my family in town for the weekend, I stumbled across Giorgio on Pine. The owner was very friendly, as were all of the employees here.
We quickly devoured the bread that was set out and it went great with the olive oil that came with it. My stepdad ordered a salad that was on special and it was big enough to be a meal for some people. Everyone else at the table ordered pasta dishes, while I went with a chicken breast that was in a spicy sauce with peppers, too. My dish also came with roasted potatoes and vegetable. We all really enjoyed our dinner and agreed it's some where we would definitely come back to!
After reading other reviews, I need to keep room for dessert next time!Food, atmosphere, and the service were amazing.  Our server Giovanni was on point the entire time we were there!My boyfriend and I made reservations here on New Year's Eve, mostly because they were the only BYO we could find without a prix fixe menu- the table was ready for us (granted we had a 5:30 reservation) and the food was absolutely delicious- the gnocchi is to.die.for. However, on Valentine's Day, we arrived and were stunned to see a group of people waiting outside the restaurant. Giorgio had clearly overbooked the 8:30 reservation slot and we had to fight our way through a group of irritated people trying to get up to the host's podium. When we finally did get seated, 45 minutes later, the table was rickety and we were seated right next to the restrooms. The food, however, was once again stellar, and I'd like to go back on a non-holiday night and see how the food and service is. I'm giving them a three because the overbooking and having to wait outside in February put a major damper on our Valentine's Day- I'll come back and edit if we go back and have an amazing experience.Great mussels and clams.  I love that you can bring your own wine or beer. I had the fettuccine that was thick noodles with light sausage in a little olive oil...yum!Giorgio's is a wonderful little BYO located a bit off the beaten path in Center City. When I say little, I really mean that. There's only a handful of tables, so you're best off trying to make reservations in advance.
Having been there several times, I'm a huge fan, and it's my favorite Italian place in the city, by far. They always start you off with some bread and olive oil with garlic cloves, which (ignoring the breath effect later) is divine. Something very simple, yet oh-so-elegant and awesome. I've become a hands down fan of their spaghetti primavera with the white wine garlic sauce. To be honest, I don't think that it get's better for a vegetarian in an Italian restaurant than that dish. If you're a rabbit like me, get it. I promise you'll love it. Really.
Haven't really tried their desserts, to be honest, since I'm usually quite full by the time I've gotten to that point in the meal, but I've heard that they're all wonderful homemade-style treats, and the tiramisu is especially good.
The manager/owner (I'm assuming Giorgio himself) is always walking around in a non-obtrusive way and ensuring that everything is going well. You can really see the pride and passion he's got for his place, which is really warranted given the quality of what he's putting out on the tables. The servers themselves are fantastic. There's only a few of them, since the place isn't too big to begin with, and they're always on top of their game, ensuring that no glass ever gets to the bottom and that everyone is well taken care of. We've been to Giorgio's some 5-6 times, and they've recognized us every subsequent visit, which really gives you that cozy, family-run establishment feeling.
Tip: If you're planning on taking Septa to 13th/15th and then walking, that's a great option to walk through some vibrant areas of Center City and enjoy Philly, but be aware that the walk will run you 10-15 minutes easy, so factor that in!My book club had a wonderful luncheon here prior to our show.  Everyone was very pleased with the food and the service.  And that isn't easy with a group of 9 women!  The table was ready upon arrival.  They double checked the show time.  All the food came out hot and delicious!  A great experience!My extended family always goes on a one day holiday excursion. This year we went to Philadelphia to see the Nutcracker. We took Amtrak from Harrisburg to Philadelphia and before the sho we went to Giorgio on Pine for lunch/dinner. We were a party of 9 with reservations. We arrived about 10 minutes early and they were ready for us. The family ran the age span of 8 to 92. The staff was very accommodating and made us feel welcome. The food was excellent and we never felt rushed. The whole family agrees that Giorgio on Pine was a wonderful experience.LOVED this place.  The roasted garlic oil was the highlight of the evening, it spreads like butter onto their nomtastic bread...omg I can taste it now! lol.
I had the caprese, which was very tasty with their balsamic reduction.  I could've had more though, but still good, nonetheless.
Also had the squid ink pasta, which was one of their specials that day.  It was huge!  WAY too much for one person, definitely split that dish!
Then had a plethora of desserts!  We had 4 people and all shared them, I believe we decided the best was a cappuccino dessert, but they change daily.  Hopefully they'll have that one when you go!  
I would say the only downside is they don't serve any alcohol, but it's not much of a downside.  They let you bring it in, so don't fret. :)
Will definitely be back here next time I'm in Philly!This place is beyond friendly, beyond delicious and worth a repeat visit. The owner came to our table, suggested items on the menu and chatted like we were old friends. We had a great time and a great meal and will return on our next trip to Philly.Disgusting place. This is my second time in 2 weeks it was horrible when i was therejust after Xmas.  Oily food, stale fish (and he apologised) and chrged extra for a dish wevdid not order..
This time same old oily foos, shrimp had a slight stale smell to it and there is this old guy who is the owner tried to blame us for not knowing how food taste.  
Will not be backMade a reservation for 8:30, had to wait a little, maybe 15-20 minutes until our table was ready.
I came here with a party of 25 and even though this restaurant is fairly small, we still fit pretty comfortably at a table on the upper level.  There were also two other parties (5-7 people) who fit up there as well.  We were a large group, and since it's a BYO, we brought wine, so naturally, things got loud.  However, the restaurant was pretty loud in general, so it wasn't like the large parties dominate the restaurant which can happen sometimes at other places.  They first served each section of the table with bread and olive oil with garlic in it.  The bread was not the soft kind, which somewhat bummed me out, but it still tasted good and I was hungry so it was fine.  I ordered the gnocchi with beef ragout and all our orders didn't seem to take too long to come out.  The gnocchi was good, and was a huge portion, but I think I actually liked the vegetarian one better.  The bill came with tip included (20%) and overall, I was surprised with how well they handled such a large party.
Even though this place is small, it can pack a lot of people comfortably.  Come with friends and wine.We had another wonderful dinner here. This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia!I LOVED my dining experience here. I chose this restaurant for my birthday dinner with a group of friends. The atmosphere is great and it was fun that there just so happened to be a few other parties celebrating a birthday too. We arrived a few minutes late, but they were great about holding our table for our reservation. After ordering, they gave us two free salads for the table as a "gift" for my birthday (how sweet!). 
I got the special of the day, which was a squid ink fettuccine with calamari, mussels, clams, and shrimp. OH MY was it just delicious. I had the opportunity to try the gnocchi special that night and it was like little pillows of potato heaven in my mouth. Honestly, everything we had that night was truly amazing! I would recommend for a date night, girls' night, or a group dinner! Definitely a great option for any kind of gathering.For an appetizer I got the sweet sausage with polenta cakes. The cakes were okay. The marina had a great kick and the sausage was well prepared. My wife got the soup to start off with, a pasta fagiole that had bell pepper in it. It sounds odd but it worked really well. 
For the main course I ordered the gnocci. It was some of the best gnocci I've ever had. The ragu wasn't as impressive as I thought it would be after braising for 18 hours or however long they said it was. It was still very excellent though. My wife got the linguine in cream sauce. Excellent. Creamy with mushrooms, pancetta, and peas. Pasta was cooked al dente and had a great flavor profile. I think I may have liked hers more than mine and I've never had gnocci this good. My wife hates gnocci and wouldn't stop eating mine lol. 
It's byob and you should. Excellent wait staff. We came in at 3:30 and the place was dead. However, the dinner rush began at about 5 and the people kept coming in quite steadily. 
While I was making notes he brings over tira misu. And says we have to try it. Not sure if it was the noticeable yelp notes or the fact that we kept raving about the food. I hate coffee and assumed I wouldn't care for it. But this was delicious. The moistest cake, light filling and zero coffee taste.  Almost a hazelnut flavor to it, so maybe a flavored coffee for you coffee lovers out there. My wife got the cappuccino to go with it and it seemed like she enjoyed it.
EXCELLENT Italian, definitely give this place a go.Following up Doc's no-hitter, Giorgio hit a home run.  I am officially obsessed with this restaurant.  
We had planned on heading to Barbuzzo after the game to try something new, but the wait for 4 people was an hour.  It was already going on 9 pm, so we decided to head over to Giorgio's.  Since we hadn't planned for a BYO, we arrived empty-handed.  Without so much as a second thought, Giorgio poured us each a glass of house red.
One of my dining companions had sent some out-of-town work colleagues over to Giorgio's earlier that evening, and they happened to still be there. As a thank you, Giorgio sent over a plate of prosciutto, apples, and cheese.  Jeez, this man has impeccable manners!
We ordered the sausage to start, 2 parmesean-crusted lamb chop specials, 1 bucatini, and 1 seafood pasta.  Judging from my earlier review, one could say I have a little thing for the seafood pasta here.  But when I looked at the menu this evening, it was gone!  Horrors!  Not to worry, Giorgio assured me that he had all the ingredients on hand and would love to make it!  Seriously, this man is amazing.
The food was insane...especially the bucatini, which was infused with smokey pancetta.  I don't know how this man cooks perfect pasta every time, but he gets such a delicious spring in his noodles!  And the mussels and clams in my pasta were bursting with freshness.
Knowing that I can get a meal of this quality for $25 per person (yes, 1 appetizer and 4 HUGE entrees cost only $100) makes me proud and ecstatic to live in Philadelphia.Cannot go wrong with an Italian byob in the city that doesn't charge an cork fee! The lobster ravioli was on special. The sauce was not heavy and the ravioli was stuffed with lobster. They should consider adding this to the menu. My only complaint about this place is the size. It is very cramped inside especially if there are large parties. I would recommend making a reservation because they had to turn people away.Great dining experience! Had to wait 10min past our reservation. But not a problem mainly because Giorgio himself brought out fresh bruschetta to the few of us that were waiting to be seated. It was delicious! The service and food thereafter was on point. Very warm and homey vibe plus it's a BYOB establishment. Total contentment. Will most definitely return next time in Philly!Overall, the good here was pretty good.  Definitely not the best Italian BYO I've been to in Philly, but a decent option if you're in the neighborhood.  We tried a few different kinds of pasta, and the stand-outs were definitely the bucatini and the ravioli.  On the not-so-good end, our salads (the special of greens with prosciutto and goat cheese) was overdressed and soggy.  
What really annoyed me about our dinner was the service at the end of the night.  We made a reservation at 8, and were seated promptly.  We probably ordered at around 8:15, and because the food came quickly, were about halfway through our meals a little before 9.  Our waiter dropped the check promptly at 9 PM.  Which is fine--sometimes wait staff will do this so you don't have to ask for it later, but it's always with a "no rush" disclaimer.  We were finishing our dinner and bottle of wine, so we didn't touch the check.  At 9:20, another waitress came by and pointedly flipped the check over and said "whenever you're ready."  In five minutes, our original waiter came over and just stood by our table until we got our wallets out.  Having worked in the service industry, I understand how frustrating it is when someone lingers too long over dinner and you need the table for someone else.  However, an hour and 20 minutes on a Friday night is not a long time for dinner.  There was a huge party there that night which might have accounted for the rush/lack of space, but they should have planned ahead.Amazing Byob with authentic Italian cuisine!! Wonderful service, casual setting, delicious food!  I celebrated my friend's birthday here with a large group of 12 and it was spectacular. Every single dish I tried was delish! 
I ordered the Spaghetti a la Vodka and it was dubbed as 'one of the best dishes' according to my friends who sampled it.  It has baby shrimp, spinach and broccoli. The portion is HUGE and perfect for sharing.  
Giovanni was our server and he was on-point. With a large group he really kept up with all of our requests and explained all of the specials with everyone who asked follow up questions. 
I will def. be back here!I was there Sunday before a show. Outstanding service, great food, reasonable prices. They care about their customers. My daughter really  appreciated the gluten free menu.Was walking through town and couldn't find a new place to eat. Hit up yelp and saw this little gem right around the corner. The place is small, but very cozy. BYOB, so next time we bring a few bottles! The gnocchi was some of the best I've ever had. Pasta was amazing for her. Side dishes were perfect. Excellent service and atmosphere. It's true that some of the small family owned spots are the best. We will absolutely return.Excellent!  Worth a visit - great service and many gluten free options. We both had veal dishes which were delicious. I am allergic to gluten and milk products, and the waitress was super accommodating and carefully checked to be sure that my meal was ok. We were visiting Philly, but will definitely come back next time were in the area. BYOB.Due to the solid reviews, I went to Giorgio with great excitement.  An authentic Italian BYO with homemade pasta in a nice part of town?  Sign me up!
Unfortunately, the rest of my party and I were all disappointed with it in basically every aspect (except the staff, who were delightful).  The food was rather bland (which I'll cover more below), it was cramped, and the volume was overwhelming.  
I'd read reviews here on Yelp that the restaurant was loud, but I'd heard that before and wasn't too worried.  I was blown away with how loud it was.  It was easily the noisiest restaurant I'd ever sat in.  If you are absolutely set on coming here, avoid it in a family setting.  This is not a place to come with a date and a bottle of wine.  It's a place to come with a huge party and a handle of Popov vodka.
The food:
-The bread came with olive oil with roasted garlic.  The bread wasn't anything special, but the oil w/ garlic was wonderful.  The cloves of garlic were so soft you could spread them on the bread with a spoon (which I would definitely recommend).
-Prosciutto platter appetizer: Quite delectable.  The thinly sliced prosciutto was nicely cured and oily. The fresh mozzarella was salty and delicious.  The cantaloupe was standard, but balanced the palate well. This dish was the highlight of the night.
-Grilled Caesar salad: A nice twist on a pretty standard dish (in that it was grilled), but it was rather generic otherwise.  It's just a big head of lettuce grilled with caesar dressing and parmesean cheese.  
-Salad off the specials menu: Lettuce, tomatos, fresh mozz, balsamic dressing.  Extremely bland and unappetizing.  Even the mozzarella was weak.
-Ahi tuna off specials menu: Seared tuna had very little flavor.  Spinach and potatoes were similarly unspiced.
-Sweet potato gnocchi off specials menu: Came with alfredo sauce.  Again, very bland.
-Parmesan crusted pork chop: This dish was actually not bad (but nothing worth writing home about)
-Fettucini w/ calamari & shrimp in pesto alfredo sauce (off specials menu): The dish was better than the other pasta, but left something to be desired in terms of flavorI LOVE THIS PLACE.
I've only been once but it was fantastic. The carpaccio salad was awesome. I love how they offer fresh shavings of  Parmesan cheese and offer garlic in oil for the bread. My wife loved the mussels and the pizza isnt bad for gluten free crust(although it was lacking)
They place is noisy but I think it adds to the charm. I also like the open kitchen where you can see the head chef and team cook up your meal. 
I can't wait to go back!I went here a few months ago and I meant to write a review to rave about the delicious gnocci  dish I had. Homemade pasta at a tiny BYOB with good prices. Friendly service, too!So amazingly good and delicious. We got the special pork chop and the gnocchi and it was effing to die for! Love the BYOB. we went later, which was perfect bc it does get very loud in there but that doesn't bother me too much. Just a heads up if you don't like a loud ambiance! But good is so nom nom nomHands down the best Italian food I have ever had. Both the food and service is phenomenal at Giorgio's! You won't leave disappointed and your belly will leave full. 
I dined on a Monday and we were seated immediately. Bread and olive oil with roasted garlic was delivered to the table to start off our dinner. I had one of the evening's specials, sweet potato gnocchi in a light alfredo sauce. The gnocchi were delicious little pillows and the sauce was light and complimented the gnocchi perfectly (think more of a "sheen" and less of a heavy cream sauce). The bolognaise with fettuccine (which is homemade and hand cut!) was also great. I'm thankful my boyfriend allowed me to keep stealing bites from his plate, otherwise I would have been ordering a second entrée. To top off our already full bellies we shared the tiramisu for dessert. Yum! It has been almost a month since I've eaten at Giorgio's and I'm still dreaming about the amazing dinner. I hope I'll be back to Philadelphia soon so I can enjoy more pasta from Giorgio on Pine!It's an ok Italian restaurant. I'm biased since I've been to Italy several times. I was here on business. 
I had the spaghetti shrimp vodka. Very  tasty and huge portions. I could only finish half. The best part was the dessert. The tiramisu is homemade. It's like you're in Italy. 
The manager was very friendly and made sure you were having a good dinner.Absolutely superb food, service, and atmosphere. Our server Giovani was part of what made my dining experience great.Philly has some great byob Italian but Giorgio's is one my favs! Place is always packed so reservations are suggested but the pasta is fresh & delicious every time !  Always forth the wait if you want a satisfying Italian night out !I have been here 3 times and never been disappointed. Their pasta is amazing, tastes like Italy (the gnocchi and ravioli are excellent), service is friendly, and the owner walks around making sure everything is running smoothly and everyone is happy. It's byob and perfect for a date or group. Ok I think this is my new favorite restaurant!!Such a cute restaurant! They were so kind to take Us for lunch even though they were closed for a graduation party. I appreciate that so much. I had pasta and it was nothing short of excellent! Will definitely make it back when I'm in the city!You have to be there to really understand how good it is! Always call before because the place is always packed. Best Italian food in Philadelphia. Homemade food by Giorgio family and great service. Love this place!This place was delicious. Giorgio was funny and very accommodating. It's byob great for special occasions with wine!!!Friendly staff. The owner mingles with all the guests. Went there for the first time on NYE. BYOB so we were happy on that aspect. Food was good but I wasn't overly impressed. Had Bronzino with crab which was good but not great. I would go back but would try others before I went back.We had a reservation for 12 for a birthday party and had received a confirmation phone call. When we arrived, they claimed that our reservation did not exist even when we showed the incoming call from that when they confirmed reservation. The host was extremely rude and even raised his voice, claiming that any record of a call placed would have been written down. Though the night was not ruined, it was certainly a let down and resulted in the whole group standing outside in the 25 degree weather trying to make a last minute reservation. The service here is terrible. Do not rely on them for a large party.I've been here twice now. Each time I have had high expectations...and each time they're not quite met. 
I came with a large group a few days ago and arrived a bit early. While waiting for the rest of my friends, one of the waitresses came up and asked if we had precisely 15--and she meant precisely.  Luckily we did, but it seemed so strange that we were grilled on this issue, especially since we weren't even the ones who made the reservation.
The food itself is decent. It has a good selection, but it doesn't quite match up with the price point that I'm looking for. I ordered the linguine, which was good but not the kind I savor every bite of. I have definitely had better for the same price or even less.
The decorations make the place seem cozy and warm, but there is an odd disparity between some who come to dine for a romantic dinner for two and some who come for a loud and rowdy BYO. Definitely saw both happening at the same time when I was there.
I always leave this place a bit wanting and disappointed (especially after I get the check).We were a party of 5 last night and I must say that we absolutely loved this place! While it is crowded and a bit tight in seating it's cozy and feels like home.  We had the special sweet potato gnocchi for a shared appetizer and it was delicious! We shared a delicious charred romaine Caesar salad and a sausage appetizer as well.  As if I didn't have enough gnocchi I opted for the braised short rib gnocchi dinner and wasn't sorry! The portions are large and we even had a bit to take home! The owner came over and spoke with us on a couple of occasions and I could see he was very good about making sure everyone was tended to.  The dinner was not rushed and we can't say enough about how nice this evening was! We will be returning very soon!I came here at 6pm on a Thursday evening and had a great experience. The space is cozy and nicely decorated. It's BYO, and there's a Whole Foods and an Acme nearby to pick up wine.
I was pleasantly surprised when the waiter brought out complementary bread and olive oil with garlic to start. I ordered the Ravioli (ricotta filled pasta served in a tomato basil cream sauce), and it was amazing. The sauce was so creamy and delicious, and the portion was big enough for two meals.
Our waiter was very friendly and warm. Overall, I highly recommend Giorgio for generous portions and affordable, delicious food!Cozy atmosphere, welcoming staff, and amazing Italian food!! You can bring your own bottle and enjoy an up close and personal meal with company. Did I mention they have GLUTEN FREE options?! 
*** Recommendations:
Sweet potatoe GnocchiAbsolutely superb food, service, and atmosphere. Our server Giovani was part of what made my dining experience one of the best I've had in Philly. Loved the bread basket with the roast garlic submerged in the olive oil. Wow. We started with sautéed calamari and shrimp and had the gnocchi in a light cream sauce and spaghetti a la vodka. Both were the kind of meals that made you long for them the next day. This place is bring-your-own-wine friendly. I will definitely be back.I would love to give this restaurant a good review for their food but unfortunately it has been overshadowed by the rudeness and unprofessionalism our group experienced last night.  We had booked a 6:30 reservation for a special occasion dinner for 20 guests and waited 45 minutes to be seated for our reservation (which we did not have a problem with). We then sat down in a room overcrowded and an extremely loud party next to us making any conversation difficult. Our waitress had to scream over top of us to tell us the specials. The bus boy spilled food on two of our guests jackets (we still didn't get upset). We then were served our food which everyone enjoyed. They then in order to get us out quickly didn't offer the option of dessert to any of us they just threw a few slices of cake on the table and threw a bunch of spoons down (rude and some people may feel uncomfortable sharing). They then dropped the check down. We spent over $700.00 in the establishment and tipped more than a 20% gratuity for our hard working waitress only to have an owner and I'm assuming manager come over and say "I don't mean to be rude but we have another reservation booked for this table and you guys need to leave" mind you we hadn't even been at our table for 2 hours for a 20 person party which we had to wait for our reservation. We got done eating and immediately were told to get up with no option of dessert. They were grabbing dishes and glasses away that people were still eating/drinking from. We had to leave our drinks and bottles there half empty since we couldn't even sit and enjoy the special event when some guests had driven over an hour to come out and paid for parking. Worst customer service I have ever experienced at a restaurant and as a business owner I was astonished at how unprofessional the whole situation was handled.  I can not support another small business owner who doesn't appreciate its customers so I will never eat there again!I'd gone to Giorgio on Pine for the first time last year with a group of 6 for a friend's birthday and it was delicious. I recently moved to Washington Square, and have been attempting to get back there for dinner. Definitely get a reservation ahead of time for Friday and Saturday nights- the secret's out about Giorgio's and it's mobbed on weekends! Finally went again for dinner last night and it was just as delicious. There was not an empty seat in the house, so it tends to be a bit on the loud side. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. We had the caprese salad, braised beef ragout, and cappuccinos. The vinaigrette on the caprese salad is perfect, and all of their pastas are incredible. You can request gluten-free bread for the table at no extra charge, which is also a plus. Giorgio's is the perfect neighborhood Italian BYOB.One of our favorite restaurants!  It reminded us of a local neighborhood restaurant but it's right in the heart of center city Philadelphia.  The food is superb and you'll find a few things on the menu that are not common at other Italian restaurants.  It's a BYOB, so the prices are very reasonable, but don't let that keep you away, the food and service is comparable to any Italian restaurant I've ever been to. Adding to the experience is the service.  I don't know if he does this all the time but the owner (Giorgio) fraternized with our table often.. I thought that was a nice touch.  By the time we left I felt like we were good friends!!  The rest of the staff is just as attentive.  I will definitely be back again.Overall I would definitely recommend dining here.  Service was extremely friendly and efficient (not rushed, but not trying to flag someone down either).  Food was fresh and well done.  Started with soup of the day(potato) and carpaccio salad.  Both very good. For an entree we ordered the New Zealand lambs chops - asked for rare but came out medium - still tender and delicious.  The seafood pasta (shrimp, crab) was very good although it lacked some salt, seasonings.  Pasta was house made and cooked perfectly.  Prices are reasonable and its byob.  I will definitely be back.Took a coworker to birthday lunch here. Ambiance is lovely, service was lovely. We all had the $23pp lunch special which is a three course deal (soup/salad, pasta meal and dessert). We started with the soup of the day shrimp bisque & grilled Caesar salad. I had the bisque but coveted the salad that one of my colleagues had. My peers enjoyed their lunch (rigatoni and shrimp and broccoli something with vodka sauce), I didn't enjoy my meal much, it was quite bland (clam and linguine). I liked that the clams were not canned but fresh. Our desserts (chocolate cake and tiramisu) were rich and decadent! I would come back here for dinner and bring some wine and try a different meal. There are a few vegetarian and gluten free options on the menu, surprisingly. I recommend, just not the clam and linguine.My best friend did her research and decided to host a small birthday party here one Saturday evening. She ordered a chicken and vegetable dish, while I ordered a gluten-free pasta dish with sausage and tomatoes. I thought it was really nice of the restaurant to offer gluten-free bread in lieu of the regular bread that they usually serve. Though it would have been nice if the bread was freshly baked ... 
The price is quite reasonable and I guarantee you will leave this restaurant with a full tummy and a doggy bag. 
Main complaint was the way our bill was calculated. Just seemed like the owner of the restaurant came up with different numbers and added them up.My date and I weren't seated until 20 minutes after our reservation time.  Giorgio was quite apologetic and brought us a plate of bruschetta to enjoy while we waited in the doorway.
Service was fast and friendly.
We ordered the following; it would be hard to rank them by tastiness.  I'd give a 5-star rating on the basis of any one of these.  Total came out to about $50.
Sauteed calamari (appetizer)
Gnocchi bolognese
Fettuccine with pesto (daily special)
Tiramisu (dessert)Amazing resturant !!!! Their always so busy, which obviously is a good sign. I finally had the chance to come here and it was amazing. The food was fantastic and Giorgio was so kind.  It's pretty loud in the resturant, but that doesn't really bother me. I had such an amazing time  from appetizers to dessert, my boyfriend and I will definitely be back.Excellent pasta dishes. They close at 3-4pm so better call them to confirm. Also menu on here is outdated. Standard entree is about $20. But it's worth it.We made reservations for a Friday night dinner.  The first thing we noticed was the noise level, which was very high.  It's a small restaurant and the kitchen is in the dining area, which increases the volume.  But I guess that's just part of Philly dining.  It took a while for our waitress to come over, but when she did she was relatively friendly and knowledgeable.  We ordered the Stuffed Chicken Breast and the Chicken a la Valentina.  The Stuffed Chicken Breast was a little dry, but not terrible.  The Chicken a la Valentina was more flavorful.  Overall, not a bad experience for the price ($20-$25 a person), but with all the restaurants in the Philly might be better served going elsewhere.This is the perfect neighborhood place. Giorgio is always there making sure everything is just right. He loves to get to know his customers and is truly welcoming to larger parties.The service and food were truly excellent! My date and I arrived 45 minutes early, and even though the restaurant wasn't open yet, we were seated and served promptly. To start, I ordered the Cesar salad, which was remarkable. It was slightly grilled and had this smokey taste that perfectly complimented the Cesar dressing. My date ordered the prosciutto platter, and let me say that prosciutto, mozzarella cheese and apples are a fantastic combination. For my entree, I ordered the stuffed chicken. It was scrumptious. My date, meanwhile, ordered the gnocchi, which was light and tasty. 
I absolutely recommend this restaurant.This place is so cute and the owner is super nice.
We stopped in Philadelphia on the way to NY and we wanted to eat  Italian food. We chose this restaurant just because it has the name of our son, Giorgio and it got high rating. 
We were glad we stopped here because the food is super delicious. It is home made style yet very high quality. 
If we come to Philadelphia again, we will definitely stop by here. :)I LOVE this place! I have enjoyed every experience I have had here (all of which have been with my boyfriend, who is gluten-free so we come for easy date nights).
I would give it 4.5 stars today--not quite a 5 star rating, because the dish I ordered this last time was a bit too salty, and dishes are pretty expensive.
However, the owner, Giorgio himself, is such a treat! He always welcomes us with a smile and checks in to see how we are doing. Definitely a worthwhile family-owned business to support, as the owner is so hands-on and personable to his customers!
My boyfriend ordered a gluten free pizza, which was a bit small but apparently he loves. I heartily enjoyed the sauce that my pasta was in, and the pasta itself was cooked to perfection. It is a bit much to eat a huge plate of simple pasta-sauce-peas, but the sauce makes it worth it.
We brought a bottle of wine to share for a fantastic evening, and finished off the night with delicious gluten free chocolate cake which was rich but not too heavy. 
Great small, cozy, intimate establishment that is one of my favorite authentic-feeling restaurants in the city!!Delicious pasta with solid offerings for a gluten-free guest. Although the room got a bit noisy, the fun of byob made it worthwhile . Service also very attentive but not overbearing. Really a nice spot for dinner!We were visiting our sons that just moved to this area. They chose Giorgio's for dinner. We had recently visited Italy and I was hoping our dinner would be as delicious as the food we had there. We were 8 people having dinner. Our reservations were ready as soon as we arrived. All our meals were delicious! From the antipasti salad, to the pork chops, gnocci, "black" pasta, and veal. The owner was there talking to everyone. We talked to him about our visit to Italy. He was glad to hear that we are Italian and had visited Rome, where he was from. Before we left the owner sent 2 desserts to our table that were also delicious. Felt like I was in Italy again. I can't wait to visit my sons again and eat at Giorgio On Pine.Delicious food and great service.  We always have a great experience when we come here.  It's also very nice that's its a byob that accepts credit cards and reservations.If you want to travel back in time when colored people and white people are treated differently then this is the establishment for you. My group of friends were treated very poorly this evening. Unfortunately the owner felt the need to tell my table to keep the volume down in an already loud ambience. The whole restaurant was filled with lots of loud and noisey chatter but the owner and waitress frequently only told my table to keep it down. He was confronted about the lack of equality by several of my friends so he went over to the other tables......But he didn't ask them to keep it down but instead inquired if everything was okay and agreed that we were the loud disruptive group! Never have I felt this type of disrespect in Philly in my 15 years here!Easily the best authentic Italian food I've ever had.  The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  Giorgio is constantly going around making sure everyone has been helped.  He cleans, he food runs, he does it all!  The prices are all very reasonable.  I was very impressed and will 100% be going back in the near future.Tried this eatery with a couple of friends and had an enjoyable experience. The owner/manager was very nice and attentive coupled with the our waitress. I had a pasta dish that was made up of freshly made pasta, really good. The owner gave us a desert to split at the end of the meal, a creamy cake,,,,,yum! I will be back. The only surprise, for my friends was it's a byob place.