The prices were really good for the amount of food you get. The atmosphere was well balanced as well. It was a pretty spot on place.I came in this past Sunday to watch the NBA Finals. This spot is great for watching games. It's very small, but if you can get a seat, you'll get a good view of a tv. 
The pizza was good. I tried a slice of the buffalo chicken pizza and the spinach pizza. My boyfriend got the cheesesteak calzone and garlic knots. Everything was tasty and affordable at a price of about $14. They also had drink specials.
However, the bartender was very rude. She made my boyfriend a very weak drink. When he asked her to add more liquor, she charged for a double. Additionally, I saw a fruit fly in my wine. When I confronted her about it, she said she would give me a little bit, but not a whole glass to replace it since I had already drank some.
Of course, that rude customer service resulted in her tip being zeroed out. Therefore, I'm docking this review two stars and hope that the restaurant will provide better customer service training to their employees in the future.So impressed with Giovani's bar and grill! The delivery guy was busy and the manager went out of his way to deliver our pizza to my apartment personally. So refreshing to see such great customer service. The pizza was delicious. We had the BBQ chicken and Hawaiian pizza. Will be making sure to come back soon. Thanks Giovani's!!Just visited the new location today and was pleasantly surprised! I had been missing my favorite falafel place all winter and was happy to see it opened and joined with a great pizza place! 
Today we ordered falafel pita sandwiches and a falafel salad! The falafel was great and the the pita sandwich was overflowing :) Both were made to order and the freshness was much appreciated! The salad was gorgeous and tasty! 
We did not have room for pizza but will be back for sure as the pizzas looked great - lots of variety in pie toppings and all were artfully crafted. 
The new location has potential with a modern layout, great food and drinks. We will definitely be back for some more!Very good, as advertised, quick delivery would have been 5 but they forgot one of the drinks.This review is solely for ordering slices and eating them there on a Saturday afternoon during lunch.
We got a full pie for four people and two large drinks and it came to $20.
Pizza was cooked just right, with a great crispy crust, tasty sauce and the right amount of cheese, served piping hot which the kind gentleman was nice enough to bring to a table we sat at in back.
Interesting that there's a full bar in the back- I can't imagine this place would get a hoppin' drinking crowd on weekend nights, but who knows.  There's also a random sign saying they have hookah for $20, which is strange.  
Decor is exposed brick and trendy low lighting, which is a unique choice for a pizza joint.
Would definitely be back if I was in the area and needed a quick bite, but no different than any other pizzeria in the city, really.You get your money's worth at this place. They have great falafel (possibly the best in Philly!) and when you get it in a platter you can share more. The only thing I'd change to that is offer two pita breads instead of one.For takeout pizza, couldn't be beat. Fast and delish, plenty of mozzerella, sauce and toppings and a slightly chewy crust. These are big pies with a specialty pizza flair. Fast delivery and made it right to my front door, which isn't easy because there's a security system.Not your average pizzeria, Giovanni's a rare gem hidden in plain sight located in heart of the city. Family friendly sports bar environment. Food is alway amazing and the atmosphere is even better. They take pizza, wings and eggplant park to a whole new level. And if you are a vegetarian, try the hummus, spicy fries and authentic falafel. You will not be disappointed. Great option for good food on a budget. Renee is always attentive and assures that I am satisfied.I was there on a Wednesday night. The bar was not really crowded. Even if table service was offered, we were waiting 10 minutes without getting a menu. After 10 minutes we ordered the beer at the bar.
Bartender was not really friendly and looked bored. Finally the pizza was good but I am not sure if I need it again.I came to visit my friends for holiday.  We where walking around and trying to found a bar. We saw Giovani 's bar . The food was very good and healthy.  We was groop of 11 ppl. The owner offer us free shot. He was very kind . We had a good time at the place. It's food and bar amazing place to eat and have se drinks.Incredible food, incredible prices!!! My husband and I wanted to find a place which was affordable but delicious Italian food. Walking in, I was reluctant. There is a pizza shop in front and a bar in back with less than desirable music. I didn't have high expectations for the food. Boy was I wrong! The food was amazing!!! The salads were delicious! I got the calzone- medium sized, but it was huge!!!!.... and I'm from Texas, so I expect decent serving sizes. The Italian calzone was not just huge but DELICIOUS! My husband had pasta (ziti), and he said it was incredible. Amazing food, amazing prices.... Not the most desirable ambiance, but the taste of the food allowed me to look past that. Highly, highly recommended!!Visiting Philadelphia and saw this restaurant and thrilled that we went in. Fantastic service, delicious pizza, and a wonderful inviting atmosphere. Love this place and can't wait to come back.I've been here about 3x and the pizza is always good. This was the first time I sat down back by the bar area. It was early evening and it was pretty backed and seemed lively in there. They have several pizza options which I love. I also noticed they have hookah! I saw it written on the board although I didn't see anyone smoking one, but maybe more late night people do? This trip I didn't try it, but I think I'll go back and give it a try just because I'm pretty curious.Great atmosphere !!!! Really good food! We found the place by "accident" when we walked on chestnut and decided to go in- it was a smart move - we really enjoy everything. :)Happened to walk by this gem the other day by pure luck and I have to say I will definitely be coming back! 
Lets first start off with the drinks, now I am not a huge drinker but my boyfriend is so of course we had to stop by the bar. He ordered a moscow mule and insisted I try it, well lets just say it tasted delicious. Perfectly made drink that even I could enjoy so of course we had to get another round. 
Then we decided to order a range of food. Things we highly recommend the truffle fries, steak tacos, buffalo shrimp, and margarita pizza were abs. to die for. This place really invest in the quality of their food unlike some other bars around the area. Everything seems fresh and is made to order. The quality of food felt like a bistro with bar prices. 
Great vibes, even better food, and awesome drinks....what more can you ask for?!?I have eaten in restaurants all over Philadelphia and even had falafel in Israel. The falafel sandwich I had Giovani's was one of the best. It was very flavorful and the portions were large. Sitting at the bar the staff was friendly. If you are in the area I would highly recommend checking them out.Didn't know there was a bar component to this unassuming sliver of store front in center city.  What drew me in here was a bar crawl which offered a shot at this establishment when checking in.  Cool, friendly bar tenders in the back.  Was crowded because of the crawl but fun atmosphere 6pm on a Saturday.  Good pizza by the slice too!
$5 city wides!After living in center city for a while and after trying out every bar in the city. This is where i find my peace  this is where I find everything my mouth desires. Let's start with pizza, great verity of pizza and strambolies. Crispy amazing dough and handmade marinara sauce. Homemade middle-eastern food like Hummus, Flafel and Sabich and many many more. That's when it comes to food. Now have I mentioned bar yet? They carry every bottle you can ever think of. Expensive top shelf Scotch to popular vodka and tequila bottles. And what's the perfect combo after eating delicious pizza and having a great glass of margarita? Of course a good hookah. Hookahs here are all KM. For hookah experts, KM is the best hookah making brand on earth. And the shisha flavors and so many. From fruity to minty to a combo of both!!! I will come here every day for sure!This place is only rated a 4 star?  Don't let this rating define the slice of heaven we have here, no question this is a 5-star spot.  A mixture of everything you want from drinks, to full dinners, to a quick slice on the go.  Great service, quick and friendly.  Super affordable, and perfectly located.  Try the Moscow Mule and the buff shrimp!  When I visit Philly, I always commit at least 1 meal here.  Enjoy!Screwed up my order twice. Food quality is below average, but commensurate with price.This place is great. The bartender Jon makes the best cocktails. MAKE SURE TO ASK FOR HIM for all your drink needs. He knows every customer by name and is very friendly. The owner Simon is fantastic. The food is amazing, especially their pizza and assortments of pasta. The chicken tacos with chipotle sauce and cheese is great. I also recommend the buffalo chicken pizza and chicken alfredo pasta dish! Yum!We order delivery for our office very frequently from Giovani's! Everyone especially loves the pizzas and the onion rings were a hit too. Great pricing, friendly staff, prompt delivery time!Kitchen hours are whenever they feel like it, I've walked over at midnight on a Thursday and got a great cheesesteak, 11pm in Friday, no dice kitchen closed, 10:10pm on a Wednesday kitchen closed, Sunday 9pm jackpot full kitchen.
If you can get one it's my favorite cheesesteak currently, but I'm tired of guessing if they will be open or not, so I'm done with this place, it was nice the two times I got a steak but the three times I didn't killed it, I'm not there for Huka or cocktails I'll spend my money elsewhere.
Cashier dude at restaurant part is cool, his bosses and other workers throwing shade not so much, guess they don't wanna be thereGot delivery and was told it would take 60-75 minutes - was at my door in about 35 or 40 minutes.  Got a couple of specialty slices, a calzone, and mozzerella sticks.  Calzone and mozzarella sticks were great.  Pizza was nothing to write home about but was definitely solid for  reasonably priced delivery with a 'by the slice' option.  Will order from them again.First time here and loved it. The employees are really friendly and food it's delicious. We did not plan to go in here. We were just walking and found this awesome place. I will be back!!Best pizza we had in philly. Someone suggested we try Lorenzo and sons pizza because it was the best and they were huge slices. We tried it and it wasn't half as good as the pizza at Giovani's. The crust is crispy and the sauce is just rite. I also tried their Italian hoagie and it was perfect! We have eaten here twice now and would come back again if we had time.I ordered from this place today prior to a night shift. Last night my night was literally so busy my entire gastrointestinal tract almost completely digested itself because I had no time to eat anything (JK I always find time somehow). I wanted to give my digestive cavities something to do in case the same happens again tonight so naturally I ordered as big of a pizza as possible to stuff down my throat before going in.
I actually woke up earlier than usual to ensure that the food would arrive before I had to leave. I ordered at, I want to say, and i want to say because I'm actually looking it up: 3:12pm. I put the order in, and started my daily meditation and JUST IN CASE by some MIRACLE the food arrived while I was meditating, I turned my phone off silent. 
I set my timer for 17 minutes. Much to my complete flabberghastion my phone RANG before I even finished it! Holy fucking shit balls. The delivery man arrived at precisely, according to phone records, 3:32pm (I might have gone to the bathroom or put on shorts or something before I started meditating bc I know these times don't add up). 
I went downstairs to collect it. I went with the classic cheese pizza. $17. When I got the box I couldn't BELIEVE how fucking gigantic this thing was. They also kindly placed some paper plates and napkins on top of the box. I appreciate the little things. It was actually a struggle to get the box and myself through my front door, I'm not even shitting you. 
I immediately set the box down on the coffee table. I didn't even want to waste time making enough room for this colossal pizza on my dining table. Actually instead of "dining table" I should probably start referring to it as "table that holds all of the mail I'm too lazy to open".  I really hope that bills don't actually count as long as you don't open them.
When I opened the box it was like opening the gates to heaven. Just look at that beautiful pizza in the photo I'll post below. The crust was thin and crispy, cheese was hot and gooey. I was going to say oozey but that doesn't sound very appetizing on second thought and reminds me of a draining abscess. Anyways, my only beef was that, being from the great city of NY, my pizza standards are as high as my old neighbor, the empire state building. That was a dad joke wasn't it? FML. The sauce could have been more flavorful but the pizza was still great by Philly standards. Sorry, I'm not trying to offend, just being real af.
I would definitely order from here again, they were super speedy (taken with a grain of salt bc it was just after 3pm), pizza was huge, and price was right. Well, actually I would have preferred if it was free but I might be asking too much.
CiaoI originally left a pretty scathing review of this place due to the 2.5 hour wait I had on my dinner. This was "about a week ago, week ago".  I received a call last night completely unexpected apologizing for the wait because of the hurricane. They said that they had told grub hub about the wait and they apologized that the message had not been relayed to me.  They offered me a discount and hoped that they would retain my service.  You can't control the weather, but you can control your customer service.  Completely turned my opinion of this place around.  Looking forward to giving this place a second try.Really great service and an amazing ambience. Food is a little pricey, but you absolutely cannot beat the views.So sooo good. We have only had delivery but it was by far the best meal we've had in Philly. Once we get settled in our new home and don't have to worry about leaving our dogs in a hotel room, we will definitely come here for a date night.Free delivery for orders over  $10 and yesterday I placed my first online order through Grubhub. Delivery was timely, and the delivery guy was nice and friendly. 
The prices are hard to beat in center city, you can get a falafel sandwich for roughly $6 and the strombolis are also roughly $6  which is really fair -- feeds you for two meals which is what I did, or obviously very convenient to split with a co-worker. 
The food was good too. Great falafel sandwich, the cucumber salad was very fresh -- I'd order this again. The veggie stromboli is good too! To be honest nothing special, but also nothing wrong with it -- nice fresh veggies, cheese + tomato sauce surrounded by a nice dough, what's not to like?
Based on my experience I'll definitely be ordering from here again and will update with other items I sample
The only thing was my delivery had two knives in it ... which obviously made the stromboli quite an adventure to eatI'll be honest this is the best place to come and eat, watch sports, drink and meet new people enjoyable environment. The staff is awesomeI like this place. Outstanding pizzas, with a large assortment of toppings, good Caesar salad (I opt to add my own chicken by ordering chicken fingers as an appetizer); they have a bar too, although they have fallen for the "if its a draft, it must be an ipa draft", phenom. You can get away from work here, it doesn't get much better than that.This is a pizza place with a bar in the back. But more than that. The bar is a great sports bar. They have excellent vegetarian menu with falafel and some of the best hummus and tomato cucumber salad. The pizza is really good too. We like coming here because the prices are reasonable, food is great, service is good, chill atmosphere. I highly recommend.Great place for lunch an a place to grab a beer after work... Great cheesesteak pizza. So many TV'S.Stayed in town​ for aconference​e and wanted a quick bite. They didnt have the buffalo chicken sicilians like I wanted so I got plain, but wasn't dissatisfied. Fast delivery too.I was visiting Philly from DC and I needed a break after shopping so I sat down at the bar at the back of the restaurant. The front is the pizza counter and kitchen, the back is a proper bar. I had a cider with a slice of pizza while watching all the college football games and post-season baseball. The bar had an outlet right near my knees which was awesome because I could charge my phone. Great bartender service. I'll be back if I'm ever in Philly.Attempted to order delivery from here but the food never made it to me.  Restaurant claimed an attempt had been made to deliver my food but had never contacted me and refused to deliver my order or refund my money.  Won't be ordering from here again.Gorgeous pizza and Mediterranean place for lunch. Has a full bar with a separate menu. The tvs are awesome. I love watching games here. They have a dj on the weekends.True Italian food!!! Casual atmosphere, great food, affordable prices, happy hour special. Ask the the bartender named Rachel, she's take care of you.Ordered via EAT24. Food came warm, and packaged well. It's a solid pick if you're feeling lazy and want a burger and some wings. The burger was tasty, meat was well-seasoned and peppery. Wings were great; good amount of sauce and not overcooked. It wasn't standout, but it was a good contender. Will have to check this place out in person.Loved the pizza. Loved the atmosphere. The orange crush drink was so good!  It seemed like a laid back place to grab a bite and hang with friends or to just watch the game. The bartender was super cool.!A DIAMOND ON CHESTNUT ST!
1) First of all, GENIUS IDEA-imagine comfort zone pizzeria in the front leading to a intimate/sports "fancy bar" in the back. 
2) If I were ever to go vegetarian I would demolish their Mix Falafel sandwich at least two times a week. Sad part , I probably already do.
3) Staff efficient =ON POINT, do they read minds? They seem to already know something before I even knew that I needed to know...hmm..
4)If you want something to eat because you are hANGRY (city-life) , it's quick and affordable.
**two snaps and two claps for you Giovanni's**
(Only reason I did not give an extra star - I demand consistent foodgasams when it comes to my semi-guilty eating out days. I am a "home is where my stomach heart is" type of gal. What can I say, the fam always "THREW IT DOWN")Not bad. It's a clean pizza shop. Wasn't busy on a Tuesday afternoon.
I got the Italian calzone. I was expecting like salami and capicola... wasnt expecting ham! Threw me off. The medium is good enough for two people. The sauce on the side was really good. It took about 15 minutes to get it since they make them fresh. 
My wife got a slice of pizza. It was better than "slice" down the street but not as good as NYPD pizza. That and Zios in Chinatown benchmark some of the best pizza out there. 
Not a bad place for a business lunch but I wouldn't say go out of my way to go here.Looks like pizza place in front but has nice bar with multiple flat screen TV in back bar area. Staff was super nice and pizza and wrap were really good and reasonably priced.Made an account on Yelp just to give this restaurant/bar/PALACE OF AWESOME a review. Let's break down why this place is my new go-to bar in CC:
1. The staff is super friendly. You never have to wait for service, you're always going to get people who ask you how you're doing with a smile, and the bartenders can make literally ANYTHING you ask for.
2. Speaking of the bar, this place has an awesome selection with some of the best prices in this part of town. Glad to see they haven't sold out like some of the other bars in rittenhouse who want to act more "posh" than they are. You get what you pay for at Gio's.
3. The food is phenomenal. The pizza and stromboli are served late, and the Mediterranean menu is authentic, delicious, and fresh. You can actually watch them fry the falafel every day. They also have great sandwiches, bar fare, and some other menu items you normally wouldn't expect (try the nachos, you'll thank me).
4. THEY HAVE HOOKAH.
5. The owner is often around and regularly checks up on customers to make sure their food is good and their drinks are refilled. Not too often you have that kind of service at an established bar.
All in all, Gio's is the spot if you want to have a drink with co-workers, a night out with friends, or just some food and hookah to unwind from the week. 5 stars.Love their cheesesteak but sorry to see they switched to Pepsi products. Service is always efficient and the ambiance is a bit nicer than the place I usually go for cheesesteaks. This is one of my regular stops when visiting the city.So we've been going every Friday for lunch and I've tried their Pizza, Burgers and Salad. My friends have had their Wraps, Pasta and Steak Sandwiches.  Service in house is always great and the Staff is super nice! Tonight we ordered for dinner for the first time and sometimes you never know what you are going to get once the delivery guy leaves, but we were really happy. Everything we ordered showed up, the portions are huge, the Garlic Knots are so good and the Pizza was so delish!!! They really do a good job here!!!I ordered delivery for dinner. Eggplant parm with spaghetti and chicken parm with spaghetti. Both were absolutely delicious. It came with braided garlic bread/knot... Yummy! Great portions. Great price. It was delivered in 35-45 minutes after I placed the order, and it was hot! I highly recommend ordering from them for dinner. The next time I'm in the mood for Italian, I'll be sure to eat here again.This was a great place for a late dinner!  They have anything you could possibly want on the menu.  If you can't find something to eat here, you must not be hungry.  We had pizza, calzones, and spaghetti in our party of 2 adults and 2 teenagers.  Servers were very attentive and food was delicious.  Food came quickly and prices were average.Single slice was very very good. Served hot with the right amount of toppings, and the crust was crispy and YUM! The garlic knots looked great but I'll have to go back for them. But, sliders were so small on the meat, by the time you pulled all the bread off to find them they were kids bite size. Guests and bartenders all were very friendly and helpful. Kind of pricey on the wine tho, and the "good" beers. HH may be priced better. Go try their pizza!Stopped here for a quick bite for wings and a drink while we were in town. Nice and handy to our hotel, Giovani's was fast and friendly with plenty of screens showing the "Game of the Day".  Tasty wings an friendly staff.Stumbled upon this little gem as we strolled through the city.  Service was exceptional, staff was friendly and the food was delish.We ordered online via Slicelife. After looking at reviews around our hotel, this place seemed to have good food. We got mozzarella sticks, fries w cheese, and pizza.
The sticks were the ONlY edible thing we got. The sauce was good and the mozzarella sticks, though obviously not homemade, were pretty big.
The pizza was not even edible. It looked and tasted as if it was a minimum of three days old. Hard and dried out, rubbery chicken. Gross and a waste of money. They should truly be embarrassed to even serve it as food. I had to throw it out.
The cheese fries had.a chemical taste to them and, like the pizza, looked as if they sat out for days. Soggy, blackish, and lacking any real flavor. Tossed the whole dish.
This is Philly, not Chile. Eat somewhere else.The pizza was greasy, oilly and dripping. After getting the grease off, it actually tasted good. It was cooked ok, not too much cheese and tomato source.We recently had a work event at Giovani's and it was SO much fun. The staff is amazingly friendly and helpful and our entire party had a great time. The drinks are good and service is fast. I loved the happy hour menu and enjoyed a margarita pizza and the dynamite truffle fries. I have eaten here previously and they also have a delicious Mediterranean menu-- the falafel and hummus are awesome. We will definitely be going back and ordering take out, too!Over 2 hour and 20 min wait for delivery. Food arrived refrigerator cold: sausage pizza, wings, slice Sicilian, panzarotti.  Tip for Giovanni's: When a customer puts in an order That's when you say that you're down a delivery person - instead you accepted our order and notified us it would be here in 45 min. When we called 75 mins later you said you didn't know when it would be delivered. I asked to cancel you said no we couldn't bc "it was ready".  2 hrs and 20 mins after placing our order we received what was the quality and temperature of refrigerated leftovers that we'd paid full price for - plus tip.  This was our first experience with you bc we're new to the area. Very disappointing.Pretty  good food... pizzia is on point... and the drinks are great... good prices and great staffOrdered delivery,  first time the food was good.  Second time last night, ordered again for delivery,  pizza was ok, potatoes and sweet potato fries were nasty and inedible. It tasted like left overs from another day. Sweet potato fries were soggy, looked like it was scraped from the bottom of a dirty blackened pan. No more orders at Giovanni.Needed a good place to order pizza for a work meeting at our Center City company.  Did research and found Giovani's which had good reviews.  They delivered.  Literally.  They were on-time and the delivery guy was nice.  Everyone loved the pizza.  We got pepperoni, sausage, 2 plains and a veggie.  It was more than enough for 16 people.  The veggie (ordered without onions) was a huge hit with the ladies.  I was able to order everything on-line and customize it.  Extremely convenient and very reasonably priced too.  Will order from them again.We're here from Virginia and ordered due to not having our car to get around and OMG.... we don't want to go home. We are definitely getting pizza and wings to take Home to the kids and will likely plan another trip JUST for Giovani's LOL!!! Great great food! Prices matched what you get. Food was delivered ON TIME and PIPING HOT!!!! Couldn't have asked for a better dinner in an unfamiliar city!!! Thank you thank you thank you!Great atmosphere, service and food!
Highly recommend! Love the pizza! It was fantastic!I ordered a chicken fajita wrap and fries for delivery, which arrived early. Everything was still hot and tasted delicious! The servings were large, so I definitely got what I paid for and more. I will be ordering from here again.The pizza here is amazing! This was our first trip to Philly and my son and I stopped in for lunch and decided to go back the next day! The crust is perfect! We always talk about it being the first thing we will do when we return to Philadelphia.Stopped in for a quick piece of pizza.  Lots of choices, friendly, clean!  Did not disappoint.The Philly cheesesteak here was so good! Friendly and welcoming! The waitress who served us was very nice and always on top of our drink refills. Had a great food experience here when we visited Philly.This is the greatest place ever. I don't understand how they stay in business, nor do I understand why there isn't a line out the door and around the block. The business model is apparently to make incredible food and barely charge for it. The pizza is preternaturally good and the rest of the menu is terrific as well.Great food, great service! Get the hummus, you won't regret it. Friendly staff and good drinks.I ate at Giovani's a few times when visiting Philadelphia. It's a great place to watch a game, meet friends or visit if you're flying solo. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help decide what to order. The prices are very reasonable for their location. I ordered the Garlic Knots, Pepperoni Pizza and Steak Stromboli (Steak, onions, sauce, and cheese). 
Everything was superb! 
I will be back next time I visit town!Food has been consistently good!  We've ordered many different items and can rely on Giovani's.Really good pizza! Ordered delivery --online-- for the first time and it was so easy!  Pizza was for last night of class so I ordered ahead an set delivery time. Food arrived on time and served hot. Plates and napkins provided. Great job! Thanks!The best of the best speciality slices (cheesesteak is my personal favorite) in Center City! If you haven't been here make it a point to stop in one day. Rachel the bartender is awesome along with the owner Simon who is always on the floor making sure his customers are happy. From the food to the service to ambiance & cleanliness, this place is at least a 5 star!Relax people!   This is average average average pizza at the very best.  A' little too thick, blah blah sauce,and not perfect on the cheese.  Very doughy with a regretful sad after taste.   Not super bowl pizza, poor man's football pizza.  I hope they can do best in the future.Bessssstttttt Calzones and chicken ranch white slices. Great amount of options usually. Chicken Cesar wrapss are muy delicioso. The staff is always super chill and efficient. Decent pricing for center city. I haven't drank at the bar yet, but next time I need a drink ill def try it out.  #bombdiggitydaciousCool bar in the back, pizza in the front. The pizza was very good and they had reasonably priced drinks and a few big screen TVs for watching sports. YumHorrible service, garlic knots were served to me cold.  I was charged for beer I didn't order.  I won't go back.The food was alright. The service was equivalent to the current Phillies team.  I find it hard to believe that this establishment has positive reviews.  It took me over two hours to receive my food and everyone I talked to was less than helpful.  I would like to receive my food in a timely manner.  I can understand an hour delay, but two and a half hours to get your food? Do you really expect fries to be crispy at that point? Not happy with this place. Hopefully someone enjoys their experience because I would hate to see more places in Philly out of business.I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza from this place tonight and it was solid. When I called to see if they could use ranch instead of blue cheese on the pizza, the person who answered the phone was extremely nice. The delivery got here quickly and the pie was still hot. I am a bigger guy, so best of all the pie was huge. Pizza was delicious.Disappointed given the reviews. 8:00 on a Wednesday night. 3 guys on the bar, no one else in the restaurant. Fairly disinterested bartender got me a beer after I made eye contact. Had a slice of the Sicilian pizza. Pretty thick and chewy, not what I was expecting, like a thin " Sicilian" kind of pizza. Crust was hot, toppings were not.  NLDS game 5 on TV but no sound. Just weird kind of techno dance music playing. Pretty boring, substandard food, bartender totally not in to her job, bad vibe.  Won't be back.