Top notch all around. The food is fresh, light, airy, and just awesome. We had the omelette du maison which was very fresh and tasty. The eggs were especially flavorful. Love when an omelette is simple and needs only 2-3 ingredients as that shows the true essence of the quality of the eggs.  The avocado toast on pumpernickel bread was a nice starter. The elixir drip coffee was super smooth and supple on the taste. The service and interior/decor were terrific as well. I especially enjoyed the fact that the waiter took his time with our order so we did not feel rushed like we were in a factory. Very European approach to waiting. Definitely coming back here.Great little place that was nice, clean, and bright. The espresso with steamed milk was great - the Elixer (?)  coffee had some really good flavor. We loved the avocado toast topped with fresh roasted vegetables, and the huevos rancheros was nicely done. The piece of coffee cake we took to go was still fresh and tasty the next morning. Highly recommended if you are in the neighborhood.I went to Girard Brasserie & Bruncherie last Thursday for lunch. It was AMAZING! Beyond the fact that the yellow, and white color palette was cute & Euro modern, the food made every one of your tastebuds jump for joy. Our server was knowledgeable amazing, with a great personality. 
I'm not really a burger person --- I can more or less take the or leave them....but gouda cheese & bacon jam + chips done to perfection? I was in my happy place. For every last bite. Coconut Chai lemonade was on point, and the perfect thing for my "i'm-ready-for-spring-even-if-mother-nature isn't" kick & the creme brûlée smooth creamy goodness.
It's not if I'll be back, it's definitely WHEN. And a bonus, they're all about an affordable wage for their workers. CHECK. And why wouldn't you want to support that? Definitely a business worth supporting. I'll be back!This place is seriously amazing. I've only ever had good food here, and the vibe is great.  Come often as it's in my neighborhood, and I love it.  A gem.This place is a little over-priced but the food is good and the waiters are very knowledgeable of the menu and ingredients. Spending $70 for brunch (two people) is a bit pricey for my taste but again the food was great. I do love that they treat their waiters and staff very well (benefits, PTO, etc..) it's nice to see such a progressive establishment!Would not recommend a weekend visit. It was an unfortunate experience after enjoying this location for many times before in a weekday.  The coffee is good but when they get busy in the weekends they have other people working the fronte and the nice atmosphere is lost.  Food is fresh and tasty.food was good but did seem overpriced. I'd rather tip 20% or more than have the food price jacked up- maybe it's a mental thing. I ordered the avocado toast and before doing so asked if it was two pieces of toast or one because I was very hungry. The server said two. When I got it I thought that they had forgotten half because it was only one piece cut in half. It was delicious but wished it had been bigger. The signature potatoes on the other hand were delicious and the serving was HUGE. Definitely enough to share. The daily juice concoction was good but I thought it was juice and it came as a smoothie so they might want to spell that out better- could have been vitamixed juice but it was thick and I wanted a cup of thin juice. My friends both got the pre fix breakfasts with meat and raved about them. The server was very nice and attentive and funny too- we sat at the bar.Shakshuka and vegan biscuits and gravy 
We also got the French toast and bottomless coffee and it was bomb.com coffee. My husband usually likes acidic fruity flavors and I like nutty dark flavors, and we BOTH loved their coffee. The gravy was awesome- mushroom and coconut milk gravy- and so many seasonings, the flavors were so nuanced. Great for vegetarians and their carnivorous friends.LOVED brunch here! The coffee from the french press is to die for, seriously. I drank the large to myself. Get the one sold as "fruity flavoring"...so so good. 
I ordered the french toast which came with a small scoop of ice cream on top and delicious chocolate cherry topping. It was fantastic. I don't normally put syrup on my french toast/pancakes anyways, but this needed none. The BEST, however, are the potatoes. Get them with the gravy and such...oh man. I could eat those every day of my life. 
Also, being BYOB with additions to your drink, I thought, was a really creative touch.
Our waitress was extremely helpful with our menu and coffee choices. The service was attentive and not overbearing. 
The restaurant itself is adorable.Randomly decided to go to this fish town establishment the last day that it was in business. We thought that it was a real shame that they are going out of business  as it seemed so lively, was very crowded and the food was delicious. We received attentive service from the owner who let us know that she was off to start a new bar in another part of town. We enjoyed our fresh squeezed juice as well as our omelettes and ended the meal with an espresso crumb cake that was out of this world. I am glad that I got to experience this establishment before it became a thing of the past.I don't even know where to begin! They were extremely understanding of us being late to our reservation. We were immediately seated once we arrived and suggestions were made on what drinks to get. 
The place is BYOB. We didn't know this so we were actually offered liquor on the house! I got the coconut chai lemonade with extra shots of vodka. It was mixed so well by Christian that I didn't even realize that I was drinking alcohol. 
Food (5 stars) 
Everything was just on point. And by that I mean the seasoning and presentation. We finished almost everything and by no means are the portion sizes small. It was that good. 
To start we got the soup of the day and the crab cake. Let's just say I'll be dreaming about the crab cakes when I return to Chicago. Next we ordered the Niçoise salad. The salmon was cooked to perfection, seriously, I am not over exaggerating. For entrees, I ordered the mussels and he got the seasonal flat iron steak with summer vegetables. Again, seasoning was perfect, not too salty and very palatable. I think there were over 40 mussels that came with my dish, which is something I've never seen before! 
Service (5 stars) 
Christian and Kristin you both rock! Thank you for making our evening so memorable! The staff is extremely attentive and made every effort to make our experience as comfortable as possible. Empty plates and glasses were taken off of the table within 5 minutes. Plates and silverware were replenished after every course. I can honestly say that I've never had such a nice experience at such a low cost. Girard's is rare in that pleasant service is expected of the staff. Our bill came out with service included in the cost of each dish. I was so surprised because other restaurants that we have visited expect you to pay for service even if it is subpar. Let's just say I've never wanted to tip at a restaurant so badly. They definitely earned our gratitude. 
All in all, there are so many great things to say about Girard's. If you are looking for a fantastic and intimate setting for your date, look no further than Girard's. 
P.S. I was so satisfied with the experience that I had to immediately write this review. Again, thank you Girard's!Went here with five friends for brunch and the food was excellent. The dark chocolate and raspberry coffee cake was delicious. We were also pleasantly surprised to see that the high prices on the menu were because it is a no tip restaurant.
However, our server, Katie B, reinstated our faith in the tipping system.  Service took way too long for only a handful of tables between the two waiters, and our orders and check were messed up.  If tipping had been an option, it would have been minimal.Their service is unbelievable. Some of the best service I've ever had. As far as the food goes it's just okay. I've been there for both brunch and dinner. I actually went got New Years. It was one of the only places we could get a reservation. 
For breakfast I got an omelette which was average. Nothing special but not bad. I had the Niçoise salad for dinner which was okay- seemed like they used canned tuna. 
All in all I'd say it's worth a try.I just had dinner here tonight with the 'rents and it was amazing
We had the cheese board, pork chop, ribs, veggie plate and plum tart for dessert. Everything was so flavorful and cooked to perfection. The atmosphere was great and I was shocked that it wasn't way busy for how amazing the food and service were. That's another thing...we had the sweetest most top notch server tonight and even if the food wasn't as delicious as it was I would probably come back due to how A+ the service was. Honestly have no complaints! So glad to have finally tried this place out!As always, indecisive Laura came in for the win. We started with avocado toast for the table. Scratch that, we started with orange juice and champagne (BYOB). THEN came the toast. Avocado, pineapple, goat cheese. My friend and I split the duck benedict and the shrimp salad. The salad was amazingggg it was brussells, radishes, shrimp, kale, egg, omg I cant even remember what else. But so so good. 
Love that their menu is always different. We called to put our names in for a table (even though they said they dont do this) so we had a table at noon on a sunday. They're European style - you don't really tip. Service was quick and the server was pretty cool. He made fun of our lack of drinking, so we proceeded to get pretty intoxicated. We showed him.This place is consistently amazing. Tonight we showed up 15 minutes before closing (we only realized this later), and the owner never showed any impatience with us as we ordered dinner and dessert. Can't say enough good things about this place. Salad nicoise was equally beautiful and delicious. So was the avocado toast.Great lunch. Had the quiche and my ex had the smoked salmon . They were both excellent but the homemade pickles and chips are worth the trip. Best pickle I ever had. Homemade chocolate cherry ice cream was right there. And the treat there workers fairly. (Pay , insurance, vacations) what's the world coming to?Me and my gf went to this place last weekend and was pleased with the food. I had the Country style Breakfast and my gf went for the Croque Madame with Spinach. I must say that both were great choices although the Country Style breakfast had nothing special other than their biscuits (Don't get me wrong it tasted good but its just eggs, bacon and salad so how much can you go wrong?:). I must say though, the Croque Madame was surely a more sophisticated and "a thing to try" kind of item. The only thing that bothered us was the rushing attitude of the waitress. She constantly approached us to take the order but we were just not ready and having hard time deciding... Anyway, we will be coming back for some deliciousness for sure!!!This establishment is refreshing right when you step through the doors. The yellow walls, striped ceiling, and large windows lift my spirits immediately! I have had the parfait and it is delicious. There's a hint of lemon and lime from the garnish atop the granola. The potatoes have a great crispness too, if a little bit salty.fun fish town brunch. On sunday it was easy to get a table, and our dishes (avocado toast, egg sandwich and criminy mushrooms) were all light and tasty.   Coffee was fine if unexceptional as was the service. We'll return.The best breakfast sandwich of my young life. The hot sauce, egg, grilled avo, and brioche bun combination is almost too delicious. Also they serve elixir coffee which is a huge bonus.One of the best places in the neighborhood. Avocado toast, house cured salmon, Elixr coffee, brined potatoes, house made pickles, eggs with really orange yolks, a delicious burger, and a delicious french toast with a berry compote and maple butter. Phew! Can't start your day any better... that is unless you get there between 7-9 am on weekdays and catch their breakfast special! Eggs anyway with toast, potatoes AND coffee for $5. They also do a $5 pork roll, egg and cheese all-day on Fridays.Amazing just amazing. Fresh, well seasoned. Wish I could of had everything on the menu but I chose the avo on toast and salmon benny and a dirty chi. If your in the area make a reservation and go and you must make a reservation unless you are coming at 2.This place is beautiful. No, really. The colors and atmosphere are very bright and open and just pleasant. The service was amazing and the iced dirty chai, perfection. I had the avocado toast (of course) which was delicious and also different. This place is unique and wonderful.Awesome brunch! Bottomless coffee was great and my friend and I shared two tasty and filling options - the avocado toast and the apple french toast. My only suggestion would be to serve the apples hot/as a compote, because the dish was a little dry overall. The avocado was definitely the standout!I came to here expecting to rate them 5 stars before even trying it, but upon trying it was a little let down. I found two hairs in my food. For a $60 brunch tab I expect the kitchen staff to put on a hairnet. The other hygiene issue which my girlfriend pointed out was one chef was texting the going back to work without washing her hands. I am imagining them texting with that phone on the trolly right after holding the nasty rail.
Other than hygiene however, I was impressed by the food. I wasn't blown away because it was trying to seem exotic but when you break down the dishes its kind of ordinary often inexpensive ingredients. The execution was on point though and they showed creativity in how the ingredients were paired. I liked the pistachio butter and banana sandwich the best. I was underwhelmed actually by the pistachio butter - i thought it would be more catchy - but the sandwich pulled it off by being fried and the bananas were fried too and there was a side of dipping syrup that was good. I also had the Quinoa for my main course and it was good but it couldve used more of the additives like poached egg or berries and less of the quinoa. My girlfriend had the eggs Benedict with salmon but it couldve used some pickled red onion on it.
Overall a lot of just slightly missed marks. Good meal though.Girard is a pretty great spot overall. I've only been for brunch, and my one recommendation is come early. It is a small place and fills quite quickly on the weekends around 10:30 (like many brunch places). I like the ambiance when it is not too crowded, but my girlfriend and I found it a bit loud during prime time. Service is excellent, and the gratuitity-included pricing is a welcome approach. 
The food is pretty delicious- you can tell they use high-quality ingredients. The menu is not that large, but still provides a  good variety of brunch options to satisfy different palates. The duck breast eggs Benedict are very tasty, and when I've tried it, the rotating quiche has been excellent as well. My girlfriend likes sweet breakfast options, and enjoys their french toast, but would prefer more options beyond just that. The drinks we've tried have been spot on, and the coffee tastes great. Overall, a solid brunch option.so many open tables. refused to seat us. interesting. we left after 40mins of just waiting for a seat. 
Loterally everybody was seated and eating except us.I ordered the mixed ancient grain bowl which contains red quinoa, farro, sautéed apples, goat cheese, cranberries, candied pecans, fresh herbs and was delicious. Coffee there is also high quality and service was top-notch. I shall return.I had been meaning to write this review *forever*.  This place opened up right around the same time I moved to the neighborhood in January 2015.  As a consequence, I came to eat there so frequently it was literally more times than I could count.  (I used to go for the $10 Fishtown lunch which, sadly, is no longer available.)  The bottom line is that you should take my review seriously.
Here's the other bottom line:  Despite going there more times than I can count, I have never had a disappointing meal there.  Never.  It is impossible to get a bad meal at this place.
Are there things about it that I would change?  Sure.  For instance, they used to make dinner and it was amazing but now it's just breakfast and brunch.  The whole world weeps.  If it were a skooch cheaper, I would love them a little more. etc., etc., 
This place is gourmet not gourmand; don't come here if you haven't eaten in a week and just need to get your fill.
Finally, I would just like to say that Chef Oliviera makes the greatest quiche that I have ever tasted, and I've been to Paris three times.This is why I love Philly. Simple but unique dining options by good people. The decor of Girard is clean, monochromatic while still feeling comfy. The menu is short but all looks delicious. I had the chef's omelet which pairs ricotta and arugula perfectly. The breakfast potatoes are not to be missed. Its like seasoning salt and paprika in a delicious melody. I'll definitely be back!Had a nice experience overall. I'm giving this place a 5 star because the service was great but the food was okay. The only thing I really liked was the ovacado toast with lump crab meat. One thing I do have to say about this place is that I love the atmosphere and the decor. It's not loud like most places and very chilled.I came to Girard with a friend who suggested this as a great brunch place to try, and I can definitely say that it did not disappoint. 
It was a Monday morning so I wasn't expecting for it to be busy at all and sure enough it wasn't! If I remember correctly, my friends and I were the first patrons seated at the restaurant (we came in at about 10 am). 
Our server (I wish I had gotten her name) was an absolute sweetheart! She greeted us right as we arrived and let us choose our seats. Later on she even explained the specials and gave her own suggestions as to what we should get (which I absolutely love when servers do that!)
I got the special Girard Benny. It was a typical eggs benny with Gouda and spicy sauce. It was so yummy! Make sure to try their spicy sauce because it is so good and pairs so well with their hollandaise sauce. Their potatoes were also perfectly salted and not overcooked. Order a small french toast topped with berries on the side, they are so savory--it definitely does not disappoint. 
Overall aesthetic of the place was very hip! I loved the decor and the black and white striped ceilings.Amazing food and great serivce!  The servers recommendations were spot on; I can't wait to come to go back to try what I didn't get to eat this time around!Ate at Girard on Sunday. The staff was super nice, The ambience is celan and energetic and truly feels like a cute French bistro. Whoever the chef is, he is extremely talented. We had the eggs Benedict with duck and it was AMAZING!The food wasn't that bad but the service was HORRIBLE! Waited almost an hour for the food and the server could not have been more rude. As someone who has worked in a restaurant I was shocked that their behavior was condoned. Also, everyone I was with spent the rest of the day with upset stomachs after eating here. Will not be coming back.Great meal. Great service. Great location/decor. What more could you ask for.
Tried a bunch of different food stuffs and beverages. Started with cheese and meats, the selections of which were inspired. The house made duck breast prosciutto really stood out. Soup, a shrimp bisque garnished with a whole grilled scallop, was excellent. Entrees were both specials for the evening, lamb ragu with gnocchi and a steak frite, the steak prepared with a coffee rub. Both were aces. Glad my buddy was willing to share. For dessert we had the cheesecake and funnelcake-esque option. If you guessed delicious, then madame you are correct. 
Our server, Cristian, was attentive, knowledgeable and funny without being overbearing. He really added to the dining experience.
Go here. You'll enjoy it.Finally got a chance to check out Girard Brasserie & Bruncherie for brunch yesterday and it was everything I imagined - after stalking the reviews and foodie pics since the restaurant opened. The food, coffee and service were spectacular! 
For reference we ordered the pastry of the day which was a perfect start to our meal: a pumpkin pecan coffee cake which was not overly pumpkin-y or sweet, the brunch burger: juicy and cooked to personal preference perfection, and lastly the enormous croque madam: with spinach & ham. Everything was amazingly prepared and savory! The French press offerings were aromatic and delicious (for you coffee lovers)! 
Service always sets off the mood and atmosphere of our dinning experiences and I have not one critical thing to say about every person who was present during our brunch. The vibe and energy are worth going to the restaurant alone. Thanks for the bubbly enthusiasm and honest suggestions to our waitress and host!
This has certainly become a new neighborhood favorite of ours, we will be back to try the other brunch offerings and we are excited to dig into the dinner menu in the near futureMy girlfriend and I came for lunch a few weeks ago and loved it. I had an amazing herbal tea, a delicately flavored lentil salad and a deeply delicious lamb shank that was falling off the bone. The service was wonderful, the restaurant is gorgeous and it's wonderful to have a brunch spot you can make reservations at, instead of waiting for 100 hours outside of a first come first serve jawn. 100% lovely.great brunch spot! amazing food and atmosphere!!avocado toast and eggs benedict are my favorite!Had a great dinner here. I ordered the burger, my partner the pork chop. When the waitress brought out the food. She had the burger cut in half! Didn't even have to ask. The pork chop was perfect. Will go backThe food here is excellent, coffee is fabulous, ambiance is lovely, and the service is first rate. This is our new favorite place for brunch and dinner. The owner is extremely cordial and accommodating. All in all, the components are in place for a great success. Disappointment is not on the menu.Delicious coffee. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Has the eggs Benedict with roasted duck. Full of flavor. Divine. Great atmosphere. Great vibe. And great staff.Had breakfast a week ago one of the best breakfast in a longtime expensive but good. Went back for dinner tonight everything was outstanding including the service great little gembright , clean, freindly and awesome food. short wait on a sunday morning. great power salad and blt but everything we saw served looked delicious. bring your own . but you should go.
everything is made to order from the open kitchen. no problem finding street parking.  and we never felt rushed .I cant wait to go backCame here on a spontaneous brunch trip and had a great meal. Wish prices were a little lower but for the quality it makes sense.
Inside has cute decor, servers are friendly and fast. Definitely not a huge place but a perfect sized for breakfast/brunch for local comers and goers.
The adult pop tart is sooo good, definitely need to try.
I got a basic breakfast sandwich, cooked perfectly with perfect fries to match. Ice coffee here is also great, definitely can't wait to come back here and try their other dishes.I have been to Girard twice for brunch and have really enjoyed both visits. It has a really fun black/white striped ceiling and yellow walls, and is just a very cheerful and pleasant space to be in. 
On my most recent visit, I had the apple cheddar melt. I loved the classic cheese/apple combination, plus whole grain mustard, arugula, and pickles on whole wheat--amazing. I also added bacon, which is never a regret. There was some serious flavor in this sandwich, and I definitely recommend it. 
It's BYOB, but they do offer a full selection of coffee drinks as well. I had a dirty chai on my first visit, which was creamy, spicy, and provided a much-needed caffeine boost. 
The menu explains that the restaurant operates on a no-tipping system, and that the servers are provided with a fair compensation. That being said, the prices are really reasonable. I've been to places where this system has resulted in terrible service, but it has been decent at Girard. We've encountered several people on each trip, and all have been pleasant except for one who just really didn't seem like she wanted to be there. Still quick and attentive, though. 
All in all, it's another solid brunch option and I'm sure I'll be back.Party of two for brunch. I understand it's great to pay waiters a living wage, but service is slow and inattentive. The cheese was missing off of the breakfast sandwich and the vegetable soup was boring and bland. It was also hot and humid in there.Great place for a casual BYO brunch. Highly recommend, even with my con listed below.
Pros: The food has always been fantastic. Notable, unique foods - a great house made hot sauce, flavorful scones/baked goods, and the option to have salad instead of potatoes on the side. The decor is cool and bright. 
Cons: I've been hear three times. The first 2 times the place was empty and staff was over the top accommodating/friendly. Last time I was with a large group later in their service period and the waitstaff seemed annoyed with us.  Short, snippy responses and seemed to be talking about us to one another. Considering tip is included in the meal, I found the attitude to be frustrating. Nevertheless, large groups can be challenging, so I'd probably just come back here with a small group.This place never disappoints me. 
The food is always on point, there's nothing like it in the neighborhood, they frickin serve elixr coffee, and I love the yellow and black decor. That's all.I came here yesterday with the bf for brunch. The first thing I noticed was the bright yellow walls and the black and white striped ceiling. It reminded me of a circus and was slightly blinding at times when the sun shined through the lovely windows. I learned during those blinding moments that I personally prefer a more muted interior when dining. 
The second thing i noticed was the volume of the music. I was sitting about a foot and a half from my bf and was straining to hear him from across the table.
I ordered a hot chocolate ( they use steamed milk, which is the only way to go) and while it was delicious, the tiny size was not worth the $4.
As many others have stated on their reviews, the avocado toast was delicious. My order was served with grapefruit and radish on warm, fresh bread. I highly recommend it!
I also ordered the soup of the day, which I wasn't too fond of. Our waitress described it as an Indian lentil soup, which I had (wrongly) assumed it to be full of flavor and spice. It was very watery and while I enjoyed the veggies and lentils, I was hoping for something more. 
My bf ordered the country style breakfast with scrambled eggs and bacon and had no complaints. In fact, he did state that the biscuit was the perfect amount of bread he wanted with his meal.
Our waitress was friendly and pleasant.
This place was okay, but there are better options in the fishtown/ no. libs neighborhoods.This place is fantastic. It was recommended to me by nice local guys at whose place I stayed in Philadelphia. I came here on a Friday morning and ordered the breakfast special with an extra avocado. This by far has been my favorite breakfast in the US so far - the eggs were cooked and seasoned perfectly, avocado went exceptionally well with the toasts. It is definitely not the cheapest place to eat, but to maintain such high standards you gotta charge a fair price, which they do. 
The hostess was impeccably polite and helpful. She even offered me a spare umbrella as it was raining hard and I didn't have one with me. Such kindness should be rewarded!
The interiors are very clean and well-kept. There are power outlets for those who need to charge their phones like I did.
Places like this make you feel good even on a rainy day. All the best to the owners!This place has great great brunch , definitely worth a visit !!! It's a byob which is awesome , I only gave 4 stars because every time I have been here I have had to wait forever to be seated but it's kinda worth it !!Girard is your typical millennial BYOB brunch spot with that new age Fishtown feel you'd expect. The ceilings are angled and covered in thick black and white stripes and the walls are yellow. It's a pretty small establishment but I liked this about it. We came in around 2:30pm on Saturday unaware that it was closing at 3pm. They still happily seated us right away and didn't rush us. We brought our own champagne and ordered orange juice for mimosas. The orange juice was a little overpriced.
They use locally sourced ingredients which you could taste in the quality. I tried the avocado toast and all the ingredients were great but the toast was a little burnt. I didn't try it myself, but my friends tried the coffee cake and said it earned 5 stars. Girard adds a 20% service fee on your bill so that the waiters and waitresses are paid fairly. Our waiter was SUPER nice. We stayed passed closing but the waiter told us not to feel rushed since we still had champagne on ice. I'll be back!
Mon Closed
Tue 8:00 am - 4:00 pm
Wed 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Thu 8:00 am - 4:00 pm
Fri 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Sat 9:00 am - 3:00 pm
Sun9:00 am - 3:00 pmWow that was definitely one of the best brunches I've ever had. We brought a bottle of champagne to enjoy with a carafe of their fresh squeezed orange juice. For food we started with the Avocado toast. Generous portion of whipped avocado and toppings that included picked asparagus. The entrees were top of the line and included the gravlax with pickled egg, beets, cucumber salad, dill cream cheese and crostini. Amazing. Everything was very fresh and the flavors were on point. Fair prices and some of the best brunch fare in the city! Highly recommended.We were passing through Fishtown to check it out on our way to D.C. from NY and swing by this spot for lunch. I had the huevos rancheros and my husband had the chicken sando sandwich. Both dishes were very flavorful and fresh. I normally am not a fan of boneless chicken but the sando was high quality chicken and marinated perfectly. The huevos was probably one of the best I've had- and I've had many. The ingredients were just super fresh and it showed.Quick update on the review.  I have visited this restaurant three times now and went for bunch this past weekend.  I really loved the brunch service (the dinner service was great, too!).  The portions were reasonable and the service was attentive but not rushed.  We were able to relax and not feel like the restaurant wanted to turn over the table and get you out the door.  Also, I highly recommend the coffee!  The elixir coffee is great and they kept brewing fresh, hot pots to refill coffee.  I want to come back and try the bloody mary mix which someone else ordered and looked great.  
The other nice thing about the restaurant is you can make a reservation for brunch, which is somewhat unusual in the city.  All in all, this is a great brunch or dinner spot and I would highly recommend it.I'm offering no stars.  Reservation at 7:30, host gave the reservation to someone else.  Took forever to get water and acknowledged.  Menu somewhat interesting.  Bus boy clueless and had no personality, confused by the simplest of requests, however, in his defense the server talked to him like trash.  Server was condescending for no reason, only checked back on us once after two in our party of 5 were delivered their appetizers.  Never came back to check on our dinner to see how it came out (after we waited over an hour and a half) and mine was cold (the crab cake served over a pound of guac).  There were too many seats for the 1 bathroom so a line was always formed in front of it that trailed throughout the petite dining room.  Another guest in our party had the bitter disgusting lentil salad.  The wine that we had chilling in the back took forever when we requested it.  I would never go back.  I would never recommend it to anyone.  The art show happening was absolutely amazing though and it was lovely to see how well received the artist was.  Overall thanks but no thanks.  I will say though that the rude host did offer our appetizers to be taken off for giving our reservation to someone else who claimed to be our party and even going so far as to say they were us.I'm so glad to have a great  restaurant in the neighborhood. I love my burger and casual places but Girard amps it up. It's my go to place for visitors and family. Great food and service. Avocado toast is a must. You can't go wrong with the crab cakes and pickled vegetables. Everything is flavored beautifully. Tasteful without being overbearing. Had the ribs and broccoli slaw tonight. Great summer meal.Meh.
I wanted to like this place. Unfortunately it missed the mark for me.
I came here for brunch a few weeks back with my boyfriend, and we chose to do the $10 lunch special. He ordered the roast beef sandwich and I got the soup and salad combo.
My boyfriend really liked his sandwich, but I wasn't so impressed with my meal. I chose the squash soup, and it was quite thin and lacked salt and pepper. I wouldn't order it again. I went with the Cesar salad, and was equally as disappointed. The salad also lacked salt and pepper. It wasn't anything special. I know most people are thinking "how special can a SALAD be?" Trust me, salad can be unique and creative. This one was not.
We both felt that the décor was a bit strange, and the wall color choice (bright yellow) may have been better in theory.My wife and I love this place. The food is fresh and delicious and always interesting. Gratuity is included in the menu prices (so the servers get benefits!) and the prices still manage to be on par with other restaurants in the area. It's BYO and their daily quiche is like velvet...reason enough to keep us coming back!  Great food, excellent service and inviting atmosphere. It's worth the trip from center city for one of the best brunches in town!Quality food and something for everyone - meat eaters, vegetarians, vegans, etc. I don't understand how they make the simplest thing taste so good - their avocado toast is just perfect.  I love how they change up the menu but don't sacrifice taste or quality. I also love their model as it mimics cafes in the EU with fair treatment for staff.  They serve Elixr coffee and also have a great tea selection.Absolutely amazing! I tried the roast beef sandwich, the potato bacon soup, the avocado toast and a white peach tea. I wasn't sure what to think about this place initially, yes the decor is unusual, but the waitress was really nice, food was frankly exquisite and the tea was on them. I hope this place starts getting busy, I think every fishtown neighbo should go thereCame for brunch this morning and had an amazing experience! Since Philly brunch can be busy, I made a reservation through Yelp SeatMe. We were seated right away after coming in and there were a lot of open tables around 11 am on a Sunday). My friends and I all started with cold brews, and I thought it was one of the best coffees I have ever tasted. I just came back from Israel where they are known for coffee and this cold brew at Girard blew every coffee I had there out of the water. I ordered the quinoa bowl with a poached egg, which was delicious and flavorful with berries, almonds, avocado and honey included. It was the perfect amount of food and at a great price. Our server (sorry I can't remember her name) was extremely accommodating. This place was the perfect brunch spot to catch up with friends and I can't wait to come back.This is one of our top few favorite brunch places in all of Philly! The food, service and ambiance are all top-notch. They have many unique dishes I've never seen before, such as the avocado toast, which is sublime. Their daily pastries are delicious as well. Especially if you live in or or near Fishtown, check it out! It's also BYOB and tipping is optional, which are both awesome features.I wanted to love this restaurant. Based on most reviews it seemed really promising. I really enjoyed what I ordered, which was the ancient grains bowl, however there were other issues that really missed the mark here.
  There were 2 servers taking orders. One of them seemed to be fine. I believe our table dealt with the owner. By the time we received our menus, the other tables were almost finished their meals. 
I finally asked for the menus, and he said "we're bringing you fresh menus momentarily- No apology for the delay.
  One of our diners on our group of 5 ordered eggs, and very specifically requested them over easy-very light. He was quite upset that it was too well done. The owner/server came over about 10 minutes later and scraped them off his plate, instead of just giving him a new plate. Our friend said "This meal has taken forever". We were there almost 1 1/2 hrs.This would have been a perfect time to apologize for the timing, and getting his order wrong. Instead , the server flippantly answered" That's because it took so long to get your eggs the way you wanted them" 
   This really pissed me off. Totally unprofessional! He seemed annoyed with us that we weren't considering staying for dessert. I would not recommend this place. I understand that sometimes places have off days. This guy was just an ass.I don't write reviews often, however I had a horrible experience and I'm giving this place one star without even tasting the food. This was my first time at the restaurant. We walked in around 1pm (2hrs before closing) and we asked the waitress about the specials. She responded "I believe we are all out of today's specials at this time." She happened mention that they were out of shakshuka, a dish with 3 items that included eggs, cilantro, feta, and sourdough. This response was puzzling because I was wondering if the eggs were out (which happened to be in every other dish) or one of the other minor items. It gets even better with this waitress' attitude with us. I was looking at pictures of different dishes on their yelp page. I showed her a picture of one of the sandwiches and she responded, "No we don't have that. This hasn't been on the menu in over a year. Everything that we have is right in front of you on the menu." We immediately decided to leave given her rude attitude. Now I understand why she didn't care about her customer service. There was a note at the bottom of the menu, stating that a 20% gratuity was AUTOMATICALLY included in the bill. We decided to go to Cafe La Maude 5 mins away which was 100x better experience.So glad we got to try this place! We love when friends in Fishtown get us to come to their neighborhood for brunch and are never disappointed. They have a different gratuity policy where every server gets 20% no matter what which may or may not have her to our first experience here. We came with regulars who said that the service was slower than normal so maybe we just caught them on an off day. We were seated at a nice and comfortable table for 4 by the window and had a great conversation with friends while we picked our entrees. Ended up getting two of their breakfast sandwiches, granola, a bagel, and the vegan scramble - all of which were very good. I wish I would have gotten the scramble myself! All in all very good but wish the service was a little quicker but it worked out this time as we got to spend more time with our friends. Definitely try!A walk for a quick brunch with friends turned into a wonderful. relaxing brunch experience!  Place was not packed when we walked in on this late spring, early summer day.  We ordered our food and the place slowly got packed.  The wait staff was awesome, very attentive and fun!  The food was sooooo good!!!!  We all had our meals (standard brunch-y items - eggs, toast, coffee) and split the french toast.  Just awesome good brunch food and great ambiance. The weather was so nice and all the windows were open. We sat there and chatted long after we ate our food and received no issues from the staff.  We were mad that we forgot the booze though... the table next to us was popping champagne for mimosas like crazy! ha... NEXT time....Fantastic new place right on girard ave. Wanted to check out a new bruch place and this a refreshing new place to go to. Highly recommend.  Service is attentive  and decor is hip and modern.Great food with good selection of items. The staff is very friendly, knowledge and excited about the new establishment. We tried a lot of the dishes on thee menu and everything came out perfectly. I personally loved the avocado toast and the lamb. We also loved the mixed cocktails that was made from our own tequila. Ambiance was also nice but it could be spiced up with a touch of color or maybe few additional decor items. Overall, great addition to the Philadelphia food scene and planning to go back!Food was great and so was the atmosphere.
We started with a cheese plate that had not one but three great cheeses.
Then shared the cassoulet and cauliflower, both flavorful and delicious. Would highly recommend!
Finished with cappuccino and chocolates on the house!
If you are looking for a local place in Fishtown for a great meal this is the place!Long overdue review.  Went a few months ago for an early dinner with friends.  We both had toddlers with us and they were super nice and accommodating!  Food was excellent, as was service.  Highly recommended.I came here last night with a few friends and had a fantastic dinner! True to other reviews, the avocado toast was fantastic! Other amazing apps were the cheese plate, which gives you a nice variety, and the crab cake. The crab cake was great though; definitely my favorite. Very little filler, if any, and just an overall really yummy taste. For the main course, I had the vegetable mezze plate, which was beyond words. Great taste and smoothness to the hummus, veggies were seasoned well; just an overall wonderful meal. Service was excellent and the atmosphere overall was quite enjoyable.Cute lil quaint breakfast spot. I had the Huevos Rancheros and it was pretty darn good. The atmosphere was nice and bright but still very chill. The service was great. I met an old friend here for brunch and we were so comfy catching up on the past 25 years that we didn't realize the place was closing *lol* and the workers were so nice they didn't interrupt our reunion. I would definitely return here to try other dishes.This has become one of my favorite spots in the neighborhood. The food is delicious and consistent, the staff super friendly, and the restaurant is lovely. I love the huevos, can't beat it!Honestly this is one of the best hidden gems in the city. My fiancè and I ordered a coffee and a chai latte to start.  For our brunch we ordered juevos roncheros for the lady and an omelette with cheese, avocado, and mushrooms for me.  The service and the food are incredible, just sucks its hard to park.  I will keep coming back though.Having reviewed the menu prior to being coaxed by friends to give it a try, I was supremely disappointed.  The decor was stark and not reminiscent of a French bistro but more of an East German cafe before 1989. The noise level must hover close to 99 db.  The black and white ceiling was no substitute for decor.  Not a single flower.  So on to the food.  This is another BYOB (bring your own bread).  Nothing served with the soup.  A beet tartare for $9.50 consisted of at most a quarter of a diced beet.  The hamburger was tasty and accompanied with 12 waffle chips and a dollop of mustard for $16.  The desert choices were limited.  I was served a pear/apricot tart with burned crust.  A taste of the bread pudding made me savor the burned tart, it was that bad. In summary, this is a PRICEY restaurant that is offering small portions of unremarkable food described with gastronomic hyperbole that misses the mark.  Service was good but exhausting with "Would you like to enjoy some more wine, some water, some pepper?".  Actually I would've liked to have enjoyed a well prepared and fairly priced meal and have been able to hear what my dinner companions were saying.  "Thumbs down".My second visit to Girard did not disappoint!  The food here is truly delicious!  The service is wonderful and you will have a great time with your family or friends!  I have been here twice for brunch so far, I wish upon a star they open a location in my neighborhood!Fabulous! Attentive staff who will do whatever it takes to make your dinning existence enjoyable. Food perfectly executed. I indulged in the cassoulet, crispy crispy duck leg...sooo juicy. Duck executed in a way you would expect a Michelin chef prepare.