The food is so delicious. All you can eat BBQ, and the shabu shabu is delicious as well. I love the seafood shabu shabu. Water is self served so you don't have to keep asking for another glass. Other than the food, the decor inside is very modern and beautiful in my opinion. However, i'm only giving this place 4 stars because the service is very slow. The couple of times i've been here, i had to wait a while before i got my tray of meats and refill on my bowl of rice. Other than that, very nice place and definitely worth a try!Tonight was my 2nd trip to this awesome restaurant.  Staff was attentive and willing to assist or provide whatever we wanted.  There were 4 of us and we enjoyed both the regular and the spicy meats.  Never felt rushed but always felt cared for.  The sides and the sauces are plentiful and tasty.  I'm looking forward to my next visit already!Great Korean BBQ. Very generous owner. Took my college freshman students and the owner gave us cake to celebrate and wishing them good luck in college!!!The food is ok nothing special,But the prime beef it is not the prime beef I ate at another Korean restaurant,they use the low quality prime beef,I don't give review normally,  this restaurant for all u can eat ,but my friends and I , 3 people order the course b , which is the 33,95 . And we sat down and order some dis of meat . When we order the second Dis and the waiter told us how about we order 2 for now and later if we finish and order another things , then we tell him we want to try some different dis then we order 2 more Appetizers, and he said again , we can order later when we finish .@-@, i was  a little bit annoyed at that time , it is all u can eat . 3 people we just order fews dis , it felt like u go to all u can eat but u can't get what u want , I rather go to soboral order what I want , beef is  Better . Price would be the same with 3 people , we end up with 134usd bills and no one gonna say nothing about What u want u eat . and we have to order 5 times more for what we order. And at the end we ate all the food we ordered. But I will not come back againGreat korean bbq and shabu shabu, they've got a waiter who speaks English fluently so it will be very easy for first timers to try this place.Best Korean BBQ experience in Philly.
Friend and I came here for dinner on Saturday night - our grill had a slight issue but restaurant made up for it with kalbi on the house. Overall, I liked the meats. Combo A is probably all you need - didn't see the need for  ordering Combo B/C .The food was great the authentic Philly of the Korean food was fabulous would definitely go back again can't wait to take my friends and family also. Love the beef brisket and the pork ribsThis place is amazing. Im not a fan of buffets because food usually doesn't taste that great. Korean BBQ buffet as well. But I decided to give this place a shot. Food taste so good. Service was amazing. Inside looks nice. Has a nice little veggie bar for BBQ or hotpot. Love it. Will definitely go backThey really need to call Gogi "More than you can eat" as opposed to all you can eat. My first time here, absolutely not the last, 2 days ago I was greeted by a lovely entry and gorgeous interior with exquisite wood accents. As the venue has only been open @1month I can definitely overlook a few spackle patches and other minute unfinished items. My server, Alex, who was absolutely tremendous walked me through the menu and explained thoroughly every dish, as I was unfamiliar with many of the extraordinary offerings. I had the Korean BBQ, menu A, which at $24.95 is embarrassingly decadent. Gogi is a BYOB and it is a good thing as I'm sure I left in a Seoul-ly food induced coma!This place is a gem. Perfect addition to the neighborhood. Fresh and healthy eating around the corner from my house! Pleasant waitstaff, good prices...what more do you need? Excellent. Will become a regular.Great place and great value!  Food was amazing and staff is very friendly. We will definitely be frequent customers.Definitely a must go if you're in the mood for authentic Korean bbq. It's been a while since I've gone to a Korean bbq and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. They offer all you can eat buffet at $25 per person and includes a variety of meats that is cooked right in front of you and the buffet also includes a soup and salad bar. If you are a first timer the staff will teach you all the tricks of the trade so that next time you visit you can bring friends and show off what you learned. For an enjoyable dining experience I would highly recommend Gogi, it's truly a hidden gem. Also it's BYOB! You won't be disappointedHad Korean BBQ for dinner there last night it was great with a decent price! Food was delicious, totally worth the price. Will return.If you have ever had KBBQ in LA, specifically in Koreatown, you would know how cheap KKBQ is compared to Philly. Regardless, the quality of the food is on par to what I have had in LA. I went to a KBBQ in Chinatown where it was $30 for unlimited KBBQ but the rice cost extra! For $24 at Gogi, rice is actually included including a vast selection of sauces and a large salad bar. The service is decent, parking might be tough during the day when the rest of the business are open but after 8pm, you basically have the whole parking lot to yourself. Definetely will be back.We decided to give this place a try since we were craving for KBBQ. So we picked the 25$ per person, and we were impressed by the variety of meats and they even have squid included. The quality of meats itself earns all 3 stars and I would give half star for the electric grill, it cooks pretty fast and magically we didn't smell bad after all the cooking. Here's the critics, one of main problem this place has was the service. It was a rainy Saturday evening, and the place was not busy, 3-4 servers constantly walked around but they never refill our teas. However, what got us furious was when we asked for napkins for first time , the guy counted and pulled out "one"napkin from his apron for table of 4, we were not being problematic or difficult at all, it's a freaking BBQ for gods sake, it's greasy and it can get messy sometimes. We asked for more as we all ran out of napkins and our hands were all oily, unfortunately it was the same korean gentleman again, we had to ask nicely just for some NAPKINS, my parents were not pleased at all. One last problem at the end as we got the check, we found out we were charged 35$ per person, I kind of saw it coming because what the Hispanic server told us was too good to be true, there's no way that gal bi was included in the $25 ayce, so we ended up paying 40$ extra. I did complained a little bit too much for our first visit, but I do hope they can learn from mistakes and survive because we don't have other ayce KBBQ in the area, in the meantime, I don't think I will go back unless they make adjustment to their management!!I had shabushabu on my last visit and this time I had *Unlimited meat course A*. 
I have to say, it was "Great!". 
They also have buffet veggie section. Numerous variaty veggies were so fresh. 
Definitely going back soon.We decided to try Korean BBQ for dinner last night and we didn't feel like driving far in the rain (so this this place was perfect bc it was about 3 blocks from my mom's house). This place is all you can eat. We went with course B - BBQ only ($28.95 pp). The quantity was definitely worth the price considering there were 12 meat options with soft tofu soup and soft steamed eggs. Out of the 12 meats, we only tried about 5 because we were that full. The "salad" bar that included various veggies, pickled veggies, fish patties and buck wheat noodles was amazing. 
The reason for 3 stars - the marinade on the meats was ok. It was spicy but not a lot of flavor. Also, my dad didn't like the fact that we weren't given all of our meats but rather, we had to tell the waiter what we wanted, 2-3 dishes at a time. My dad is old school so while he thought that was like begging for our food, I knew that it was all about making sure we wouldn't waste our food.Sam kyup sal is good, that about it. The service is below the average for how much you are paying for the meals in this place. My family was eating, and this happened. Yep, which killed my appetite.
Never coming back.I've been to this restaurant a few times already and each time has been such an enjoyable experience ^^ I love that the quality of the meats & veggies is much higher than what you would expect at a normal all you can eat restaurant. Also, the service has been excellent during each visit. Would definitey recommend, esp. if you value both quantity & quality like me :)I was there yesterday to enjoy a family dinner (hubby bday) the service was TERRiBLe! I understand they didn't have an open BBQ table available so we were seated at an overly large table with a portable gas grill to do our BBQ but for some odd reason our gas grill had a defect!! (It took about 30 mins to cook 6 pieces of ribs to cook) So I asked when a table was open if we could move to a Korean gentlemen in korean, the Korean gentleman sent a Hispanic gentleman over to explain to me No bc that table was reserved. When we got our second round of meat they were not willingly trying to change our grill! (It was black) I had to make a fuss about that) Finally they did replace the grill and decide to give us certainty that our grill would be working and gave us a pineapple punch as service which we appreciated but we didn't even get cups to drink it! (Puhahaha)!  I was a bit upset but decided to just remain under control. Until When you ask for your meat to the waitress and you sit there wait 10 mins and the waitress is standing behind you doing NOTHING..... Then another gentleman who seems to be in charge noticed our grill was empty and we were waiting CaMe and asked what more would you like? I asked for the L.A. RiBs  so he went back to the kitchen and disappeared for about 10 mins and then finally we gave up and to the first waitress I asked for the meat I asked for the check. I paid $118.00 which was my bill and I left a 2.00 tip bc my service was CRAP! They treated me so bad and they refused to give me meat! This restaurant is a Gogi Buffet they charge you 33.95 per person .... you ask for the meat you want and your suppose to get it when you ask for it! I asked twice for it and it took more then 20 mins and I had not gotten it. Also my husband got course B I wanted to do Shabu Shabu course A but one of the waitress told me "I'm sorry but everyone at the table has to order the same thing?!? Really I said ok and left it like that! I don't mess or hassle people with food bc you never know what they will do to your food so I left it alone til the very end when I had the last laugh! It's not right I left such a bad tip for such hard working Koreans but it's a disgrace when you get mistreated by them. I would never recommend this place nor would they ever stay in business too long!!! So good luck GoGi BBQ!!Been here twice, not impressed either time. Same problems both times. 
Food was tolerable. Service was absolute shit though. Took about an hour and 30 minutes from seating to get bowls of rice for a party of 5. They kept forgetting we asked for a second set of tongs. Our grill was empty several times for 5+ minutes, they just don't come to the tables enough to ask if you want anything else. It's a real pain when you're limited to 2 hours. No vegetables aside from Hotpot stuff were available. 
One of the servers (the manager/owner, I think?), just kept coming by with our order, and would throw the meat on the grill for us in one lump. No. Don't do that. Never do that. We eat KBBQ so we can cook our own meats at our own pace.
What do people like about this place? I'm just not seeing it.This is a decent ayce Korean bbq place for 36$/person. It's has all what I consider essential: egg soup, hot soy soup, LA Kalbi, bugogi, thin brisket, pork belly, lettus, Kim chi, self salad bar. There are number of dipping sauce, sesame base, fish sauce, soy sauce, spicy fermented bean sauce. The sauce game can be better as far as taste goes, but that's very subjective. The quality of the food is about 7-8/10. But anytime you have quantity there's always that trade off with the quality. Overall, it's good and I would come back.Finally real deal authentic Korean bbq in philadelphia.  All you can eat!!! Even as first timers to Korean bbq the staff was friendly helpful and explained everything to us.  Su was amazing. Thanks for helping a couple neighborhood white boys figure it all out.  The food was delicious, with each bite the flavors came out individually. I would recommend the Gogi beef and pork belly.  Do not be afraid to try this place out if you have never been to a Korean bbq establishment because the staff will help you out and are very friendly.  Very clean and very friendly.  Best AYCE hot pot/Korean bbq in the city!I. AM. IN. LOVE. The food is amazing & the service is even better!!! Came in to have a dinner for my boyfriend for his birthday. Didn't inform them of anything. During the course of everyone arriving for dinner, our waiter found out that it was a birthday dinner. Without asking or charging us for it, they brought him out a delicious birthday cake & even sang happy birthday! Great people, delicious food, and a wonderful atmosphere!Gogi BBQ is a refreshing addition to this city's Korean restaurant scene. Went here shortly after their Grand Opening.
Ample parking.
Very clean. 
Service is A ++!
Friendly, fast, and knowledgeable.
Their buffet/sauce bar is well stocked and is really fresh. My boyfriend was raving about the corn and the server informed us that the owner has an organic farm and it was directly farmed from him!
Me, personally, I liked their pork belly the best. ;p
I will definitely be coming here again!!Excellent customer service. They were really tentative. We got our orders really quick. There is also a salad bar in the back so it's really convent to grab the lettuce and bonchons.Great place!
Meats are very great but service was very slow!!!
All you can eat Korean barbecue!
Maybe, I will come back!I'm so excited about this place! 
I lived in Los Angeles, specifically koreatown, for three years and was literally in walking distance of 6 different AYCE KBBQ's. Moving back to philadelphia I have been having serious withdrawals and although I have found one or two AYCE kbbqs in the area I was never really thrilled with them. 
Gogi is different. It reminds me so much of the AYCE places I frequented in LA. It's priced well and has all of the basics on the $25 menu or you can get the $30 for a few different cuts of meat. 
My favorite things were the bulgogi and steamed egg. I also loved all of the sauces and the vegetable and ban Chan buffet section. 
Additionally everyone who works there is so helpful and nice! They even gave us complimentary fresh cantaloupe juice that was delicious. 
Can't wait to go back!Great service by our guy Alex. The grill messed up a couple times, but he found a way to fix it & take care of us. He took time to fix it in a restaurant full of customer.
Great food, but most importantly great service.We were craving for Korean BBQ for a long time but couldn't find a good place in center city so we decided to drive far and come here. We were not disappointed! We had AYCE BBQ A that came with some basic meat and tofu soup. The short rib was my favorite. Our server was very nice and he told us which sauce would go well with what meat. He also cooked for us although I thought we need to cook for ourselves. The Korean lady who seems to be the owner was very friendly too.Great service! The staff are friendly and very attentive. Good for large parties. There are a variety of items on the menu from meats to soups... a lot to choose from!This place is cheaper than Nine Ting in Philly, chinatown. This place has fresh veggies. Nice service, they try.  Clean and its really nice place to eat all you wantthis place was originally started by close brother of mine...since he sold it this place has been mediocre...but today it left me speechless...wednesday night...3 tables...we ordered nengmyun after we ate bbq...after 30minutes later, we asked server for status...he tells me they are sold out??? really??? to whom??
GTFOH!As some other Yelpers have mentioned, the restaurant is just very understaffed.  On a busy Friday night with multiple tables occupied, there are just 3 overwhelmed wait staff.  We came late to a birthday dinner so we sat ourselves down at an unoccupied table that the birthday boy had reserved.  No wait person came up to us at all so we just went ahead and  got ourselves water, mixed up our sauces, etc.  Since we didn't have a menu either, I didn't know hot pot wasn't part of all this so I got some ingredients for hot pot from the self-serve area (raw vegetables, uncooked fish balls, uncooked noodles, etc).  When the waiter finally came with the menus, that's when I figured out hot pot was separate from the Korean BBQ part, which is I guess the restaurant's main "schtick."
We went with the BBQ only so unfortunately, the uncooked hot pot ingredients would have gone to waste (like the uncooked fish balls), so I just threw them on the grill too.  I think because they were overwhelmed, the wait staff ended up being pretty disorganized.  A second helping of meat that we didn't order came unexpectedly to our table.  A bottle of Soju we hadn't ordered came also (I sent it back).  The soft tofu soup was never presented to us as an option (even though it's included in the price of the the Korean BBQ A we ordered) until I specifically asked the waiter for it.  I think this place has potential but they really need more wait staff. The restaurant has a nice "tree" theme for decor (including a bench designed to look like logs or a somewhat random half-tree near the side) but all of this is overpowered by the inadequate service.  I'm unlikely to be returning for seconds.Experience was awesome. Staff is very attentive. But, the produce, meat, and other food is top quality.
I will definitely return!This is probably my favorite Korean BBQ restaurant.  The place is clean, the food is great and the service and attentions are awesome. The Shabu Shabu and the BBQ are worthy.Great spot, even better service!! Friendly and helpful staff with my kids too!! The food was fresh and the BYOB a plus! I will go back for sure!!Hell yes. The $25 buffet is dope. Good variety of meats thats accounted for and vegetables/fish balls/cakes. The steamed egg is godly when drinking. Personally recommend the bulgogi, spicy chicken, and brisket. 
2 hour time limit of eating. The quality is great, but its a buffet. Go nuts eating. 
Opened for only 3 months, so I have high hopes for this place. The location is smart. With soho and hmart for traditional, and now this for bbq/shabu
Staff is accommodating, helping those that don't what to do (even striking a convo if alone as I saw). Get your water when the condiments are. You don't ask for refill. 
Byob
Will edit and update once I try the shabu shabu one day.Randomly walked in with friends. They do a mix of BBQ and hot pot. We only tried the BBQ. You can refill all kimchi and lettuce for free, but all kimchi doesn't taste good, or not very Korean, it's like something you can get from any grocery store. Pork belly was good though. Service was poor there, I guess they were short of people? It took them more than 30 more minutes to serve us soup and meat after orderingThis place is an amazing alternative to Nine Ting in center city! The quality of the meat was really good and every single thing we tried was tender and flavorful. They have a wider selection of meats than most AYCE places with several different marinades. Our favorites by far were the bulgogi options, with pork belly in close second.
They have a sauce bar as well as a veggie bar for both the grilling and hot pots (which we will try next time). The veggies were all fresh as well - make sure you get every single kind of mushroom, they're perfect for the grill. 
Service was awesome! They were friendly, quick, attentive and didn't hover or make us feel awkward at all like we have at some other similar places. Definitely give this place a try, it's totally worth the price.Very solid food every thing was well the bulgogi was fresh and the pork was perfect but the only problem I had was the price you kind of get your money's worth but it's pretty expensive I mean it' was great great food service and qualityBy far the best service ever !!!! I came back after the first time for my birthday and they were amazing. I had a party of 25 people they were so attentive and friendly they answered all questions without hesitation, brought out fresh drinks and the owner even brought me a birthday cake !!!! I honestly felt like I was with family every time I come the service gets better and better thank you guys sooo much for making my birthday amazing all of my guest truly enjoyed themselvesThe staff were all welcoming and the owner gave us free cake because my group was meeting for the last time before we all head off to college (we're freshies)Yay finally an AYCE Korean BBQ spot in the Northeast!  And it wasn't packed on a Saturday night (we came here after hearing it was an hour wait at Kim's).  
Nice decor.  Self serve veggie station for Shabu (they also had typical ban chan here like kimchi) and self serve sauces for Korean BBQ which was different. The tables have 4 hot pots and 1 grill in the middle of the table.  Also self serve water so I'm guessing waiter's job is just to be in charge of bringing out meats.  
Shabu is $20 pp and you choose 1 meat - choices are beef brisket, pork belly, chicken breast or seafood.  AYCE veggies, soon du bu, noodle soup, fish cake, rice cake, dumpling and mushroom.  
AYCE Korean BBQ is $25 pp for Course A (brisket, bulgolgi, pork belly, spicy pork short rib, pork skin, spicy chicken, spicy chicken feet, mushrooms, veggies, soon du bu, soybean stew, steamed egg) or $34 pp for Course B (Course A + premium beef short rib, boiled pork, chicken gizzard, spicy squid bulgolgi & spring rolls).
OR you can do both for $30 pp - which is what we did.  For $5 more, why not?
He named some beers such as Miller Lite, Coors Light and Lager as alcoholic options but when we ordered he said they didn't have any so maybe they don't have license yet?
Bulgolgi was thick, juicy and yummy.  K BBQ Pork belly ehh.  (Pork belly sliced thin for shabu vs thick Korean BBQ in case you were wondering). Brisket thin and ehh.   
We enjoyed our date night here and then stopped at Paris Baguette next door for dessert.  Way better than waiting an hour + in smoky Kim's.  And again, nice to have an AYCE option in the area!
The only thing weird was the plugs from table to wall at each table.  Had to be careful to move chair.  Hot pot did get a little smoky, but you can just turn it down.  Was no where near as smoky as Kim's.If you're looking for "all you can eat bbq" in this area, I definitely recommend gogi bbq. Quality of the meat is pretty good pricewise. Veggies, sauces, the setups are neat and there are variety of meats and other side menus you can get.Amazing quality of food and great selection to choose from. There are different meal options so you can choose what cuts you want. Great place to hang out and eat. Staff was very attentive and getting refills of food was quick and easy. Self service on sides, veggies, shabu-shabu, and sauces make things easy to get everything you want.My best friend and I have been waiting for a decent Korean bbq place to open since Koba has closed. The only other Korean bbq spot we usually go to is Nine Ting which is okay. Our prayers have been answered thanks to Gogi. I had high hopes since it was near cafe soho and it not disappoint. We came on a Thursday afternoon around 4 and it was empty which was perfectly fine for us. The restaurant is really spacious and had beautiful wooden tables. The waiter mentioned to us that they made the tables with the wood coming from Lancaster. Service was great everyone was friendly and our waiter checked up on us frequently. This wasn't our first rodeo so we knew what to do but he was super nice and constantly offered to help grill our meat. We got set A, the meat was fresh and seasoned very well. It also included a soondubu jjigae and doenjang jjigae. They have a sauce bar where you can load up on the ssamjang or whatever your heart desires. I just sticked with that and the salt, pepper& and sesame oil for the pork belly. There's also a veggie bar where you can different kinds of lettuces and perilla leaves for you bbq and other stuff for your shabu shabu. They also had a few side dishes to choose from as well. What I really loved about this place was that they did not have to change the grill constantly, not a lot of burnt gunk got stuck onto it. All they had to do was get a wet paper towel to remove the burnt gunk and that was great. The last place we went for "Korean" bbq (wouldn't even call it that) almost dropped the burning hot grill on us so I've been paranoid since. Overall, I definitely recommend this place if you're ever craving Korean bbq. My best friend and I agreed this is our new go to now.Amazing AYCE KBBQ spot with many good offerings. The spicy brisket and soy pork are must haves. The service is efficient and the value for your dollar is unparalleled.We chose B BBQ meal. There are 12 types meats you can choose. We tasted 6 types of them. You also can choose various seasonings and vegetable. Besides one stone pot steamed egg and tofu soup are free for every table. The taste is good but the price is a little bit expensive.Great introduction to Korean barbequed food! Three of us aimed for a Saturday late lunch at 3:00 and were seated immediately with plenty of families still enjoying their lunches. Here the grills are imbedded in the beautiful solid pine tables which matched the gorgeous wall paneling.Our choices were from the shorter menu, while the waiter customized the level of spicing we requested for our individual selections. One of our selections required at-the-table preparation in its last stage which was done very professionally. We were also served a complimentary appetizer course, which included pickled, spiced and fresh vegetables and noodles. All were delicious! Finally, for the main courses, all the meats, beef and pork, were among some of the most tender and delicious we've ever tasted in Asian food and all for $10. a head! This establishment aims to please its customers, so you won't be disappointed.Love the concept of this place! Great place to be during those cold winter days or nights. What gives this establishment a solid 5 stars is the wait staff...I rarely say this but they were wonderful. Made this trip a memorable one.My friends and I had a late Friendsgiving dinner here a few days ago and we can't wait to go back! Very good place, food, and service. Staff was was kind, entertaining, and helpful in explaining how to properly cook the food. They brought over veggies and rice cakes for us to try.
They are great about replacing the burned covers often and you can order and eat as much as you want. I loved the beef brisket- I think our group ordered it 4 or maybe even 5 times!!! I was also a fan of the pickled chayote. We didn't do the shabu shabu (hot pot), but I'm definitely going back to try it!https://yelp.to/qtkq/ee2oenbd3n
wow!! korean gogi bbq is daily delivery natural vegetables from natural farm.
I enjoy various Korean bbq,sea food and shabu shabu all I can eat. Really I like it.Had a group dinner with a few friends and though it is AYCE BBQ, the grills are small and because our party size was pretty big it was hard to cook enough to eat each time as we had two small grills  We felt like we were getting the stink eye for being there so long. It was about $38/pp for course set B with a few soft drinks ordered and tip. The price would be worth it if you had a smaller group and was able to eat your fill...we didn't leave full but were just okay. 
The most flavorful meat to get would be the marinated beef bulgogi....and the best cut of meat would be the thinly sliced beef brisket. It should be eaten with a light addition of sauce with rice or lettuce. 
We had a lot of different meats and tried the two stews that were a part of the course set options...soybean stew and spicy tofu stew.
The chicken had the longest cooktime and wasn't all that great in flavor....it took up a large part of the grill.
Overall rating is B- as service was good...we just felt like we were unwanted patrons even tho it wasn't packed...WOW. Great restaurant, service and food. The servers and manager were very attentive to our needs, brought the meat platters quickly and also gave us extra service foods! We had a free serving of shabu shabu and tasted all the ingredients for the hot pot dinner portion. Highly recommend this new korean restaurant!! The restaurant owner owns a couple of restaurants in the Philly region and he knows how to impress the customers!Great food and awesome service. We had option A and had a really filling meal. There's a new owner who was super nice and came by several times to make sure we had everything we neededFood 4star.
Service 5star 
Bathroom 3.5.
Overall experience 5star. 
Staff members and manager mr.kwon was
Very friendly. 
Keep up the good work. 
Thank you for great lunch.Plain simple, shitty quality food, over priced. Kalbi (marinated short rib) not even marinated and it's thin as a paper.... really I wish I could give them negative stars. OH ALSO, Found a bug crawling on my lettuce and somehow a piece of stainless steel scrubber ended up inside my mouth? Told the worker about it, and explained how I could've been hurt. All he said was "I know right?".... Are you serious? 
Definitely was very unpleasant experience overall.Gogi BBQ is the hot pot/ Koran bbq place I've been here to.  The owner and the staff are the best.  My favorite spot to bring anyone and everyone!!Paid $26.95 per person for menu A! Came on a Saturday for lunch and barely anyone was here. There are lunch specials during the week but on the weekend there's no difference in price for lunch or dinner. My fave meats were LA Galbi (not available on the B menu) and Honey Garlic pork belly (miso was good too), but between my husband and I we ordered 11 types of meat and were really satisfied. I love that the meats weren't frozen like some other places I've tried and I honestly didn't need to use the sauces much because the meats were marinated well. The restaurant was clean, the decor and aesthetic was really different (in a good way) from other Korean BBQ places I've been to, and the service was good. I really enjoyed my experience!Recommended this gonna be my favorite restaurant I love hotpot and the salad bar. Fresh food nice fresh vegetables. Friendly staff good service.Came here shortly after the grand opening. The big kicker here is that it is an AYCE KBBQ/Hot pot joint in the NE Philly area. Glad that I don't have to head down to Chinatown or Upper Darby for a similar gig, and the prices are about the same!
It was a nice experience, very clean and friendly. There is a great sauce bar on the side, and you can get as many side dishes as you want as well. My only peeve is that if a customer seems like they know how to cook their own bbq, they should be allowed to do so. Sometimes I don't want the server to cook my own meat for me (because hey, that's half the fun of having the grill at the table!). 
This location has been known to change hands frequently, so best of luck to Gogi this time around! It's a wonderful place for a special occasion meal.My cousins and I went here every Saturday for a whole month! Best kbbq that is near me. Mei Young (not sure if I spelled it right) is really nice and she told us "Welcome back!"  the owner once offered us free soju  you get what you pay for! I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Worst restaurant experience I have ever had. The place is not jam packed but the only reason it was not was because the grill wasn't working for a portion of the restaurant. They told us they were not able to sit us since they do not have a grill for the Korean BBQ which they are known for. They started selling us in their shabu-shabu so what the hell and gave it a try. 
They sat us down and I realise we should've just left and come back another day. Once we were seated the owner/manager came and apologize and explain why the grills were not working and such and offered us an order of bulgogi as compensation. We accepted the bulgogi chose our protein without even looking at the menu (our bad) and none of the workers nor management ever made eye contact with us again. 
We given the soup base but no chopsticks and no one cared to explain to us how the restaurant works. All together we had less than a 2 minute interaction with the staff. We had to walk up to the counter and ask for chopsticks in order to begin dining.
We started eating our shabu-shabu and first off the soup base was basically water even though they advertise they have anchovies base soup. Being Malaysian Chinese I was raised on anchovies based soup and this was not even close. They didn't even try to imitate the taste. So I told my friends whatever we can season the soup with the vegetables and continue on. 
After we finish our beef I thought since we were there for the all you can eat Korean BBQ the shabu-shabu would be the same but apparently extra meat was an extra $5. It was thinly sliced beef and not even a high grade cut and they were charging and extra $5 for a late when the table behind us as Korean BBQ were getting better cuts for free. After we ordered more beef we decided to start be more cautious and asked for a menu. Once again we had to physically walk up to the counter again to get A menu for three people and the staff looked at me as though I just disrespected them by asking politely with a smile for a menu. At this point I went from disappointed to being pissed but still civilised pissed and not yelling at the staff pissed. We glanced through and realized shabu-shabu was not all you can eat and you get 1 order of protein that's it (roughly 16 Peirce of thinly sliced beef barely enough to fill a 6' cheese steak) and most importantly the shabu-shabu was $19.95 a head. That's only $5 less than the BBQ. As my rage meter kept rising my soup in my shabu-shabu keep decreasing to the point were my corn is starting to burn a little and I could barely cook anything in it. Guess what? Still no one came over to ask how we were doing and basically nothing. At that point I was at my limit and had to leave the establishment. 
I waited for the check that never came so again I had to walk up to the counter and pay. The waiter pointed out we should've made a reservation instead of walking in (I understand he was being nice-ish but they are not that special and good that I would try to get a reservation for 3 people). After all that I saw the bill coming out to the same as we would have ordered 3 Korean BBQ and I was really pissed. I basically got treated crap and ate nothing and paid a premium for it. I still left a solid tip even though  I was treated like I was invisible the entire time but I hope my next visit (maybe) will be better and actually have a good time. I really hate to leave such a bad review for an establishment but they gave me no choice and they did not show a single shred of customer service all night long. I am still pissed and am really debating on whether or not I will give the place a second chance.
I forgot about the bulgogi. Long story short there's much better bulgogi within walking distance of the place.Amazing the selection is great! The seating is a little tight. We had a party of 8.Finally, an authentic all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ/shabu shabu (hotpot) spot in the Philly area! You can choose either Korean BBQ/shabu shabu/both for a very reasonable price. This is refreshing since other KBBQ restaurants in the area are a-la-carte (and we all know that can get very pricey). Since Gogi is all you can eat, you can try every meat your heart desires without breaking the bank.
I love how you can cook your own food to your liking, and there's also a sauce station where you can mix your own dipping sauces. The meat was delicious, the hotpot broth was hearty, and the veggies were fresh. The service was quick and attentive, also. For someone who likes variety, this place surely hits the spot. I've been here several times so far, and I will surely be back for many more.So I went in to get take out. An employee greeted me and told me that take out was for lunch only, 12 to 3pm..but the place was so clean and they were so polite. I will definitely go backThis place is AMAZING !!! Great food , great service, amazing atmosphere and the meat ( unlike the only other Korean bbq buffet) is fresh and delicious. I decided to have my birthday celebration at Gogi and wanted to check it out before hand. The owner and all the staff are extremely friendly. I honestly felt like I was around a room full of friends even the other customers were friendly to the point we all joined in on singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a guy across from me celebrating his 19th !!! The place is BYOB which is fine by me and the price to me is great. The most expensive buffet option is around $40 which isn't bad for Korean bbq if you think about it. When you go to a regular Korean bbq you would be paying on average $40 for just 2 servings of meat.... so for a buffet that's just as good And they bring you an option of Soon Du Bu Jjigae(tofu stew) , Gyeran Jjim (steamed egg), different lettuce for wraps ... sauces ... and they also have Shabu Shabu so they give you plenty of options for that ... this place is AMAZINGThis place was good, but very loud! The meat is pretty tasty as well. The beef bulgogi was my favorite though seemed to have a lot more fat on it than some other BBQ places that I have had it at. Also enjoyed the pork bulgogi. The pork belly was my least favorite and didn't have much flavor to it.This is what Philly has needed for a while! A Korean bbq spot run by people who know Korean bbq. Came here on a Sunday, the place was packed. Only the bbq set A was available, so it had the pork belly, brisket, chicken, pig skin, pig ribs, squid, bulgogi for 25.99 pp. pretty good deal. Enough greens and sauce. They say they have a two hour limit. But definitely coming back!!You have to cook your own food at this place you don't get any seasoning the tofu at this place I honestly taste like shit and the rest of their food ohmygod ohmygod was dry pasty and I had diarrhea and I threw up shit after I ate here.i hate MUSTARD.I cam here for date night and had a very good experience. Not being Korean left me with quite a few questions but the server and the owner were really nice and help. 
We arrived about 630 pm on a Thursday. It was not crowded. We were seated right away. This place is very clean and orderly. They have an extremely simple menu along with standard drink of ice tea, lemonade and soda. 
We ordered. I got Shabu Shabu or hot pot and my date got the bbq. What's different is they have a veggie bar. The bar is filled with different lettuce, onion, corn, radish, cilantro, tofu, pickled items, kimchi, noddles...etc. You can get as much of these things as you like to go with your hot pot or bbq. They even have a sauce station.
The portions were good and it is all you can eat for two hours. I really enjoyed my hot pot. I got seafood broth. Which had really good flavor. The hot pot came with crab, shrimp, clam and baby octopus. 
Our total bill was 64 bucks. I'm not quite sure about the price but the experience was wonderful. I'd definitely go back.My kids brought me here for my birthday this week. I have never been to this sister restaurant of Surah's. 
We had reservations.   This place is very clean and the tables are different , there is a section for soup should you order. At this restaurant you have to get your own sauces for your meal along with the other add on you would like to cook, besides the meat.  The meat is provided by your waiter.  Gin was our waiter.  We know Gin from Surah.  He was 1 of 2 servers/ waiters helping us. We go to Surah often. We notice that things were different here st Gogi.  The ginger paste sauce was not the same- some people in our dinner party were disappointed with this.  Once our meat orders were taken, we notice some of the meats were thinner and different when they arrived to our table.  The pork belly was very thin compared to Surah.  But some of the meat at Gogi were also good. We enjoyed the short rib, ginger meat.  I ordered the shabu-shabu- this broth was delicious. I loved the idea that  I could put what every  I wanted in my soup.  For example - veggies, dumplings and mushrooms.  The service was great from Gin!  Great worker and hard worker.  Very respectful and did assist us if we did not know what to order.   
I would recommend this restaurant. This is far from where we live. We wanted to try the sister store of Surah. If i was near the city I most likely would eat st this establishment. By my heart and stomach belongs to Surah. 
   The women's bathroom was clean. Before entering I noticed the outside frame of the door was broken and  hanging off. I was afraid to open the door. We were taking the kids to the bathroom. I also noticed on the way to the bathroom there were towels on the floor, in front of the hostess stand. 
   I liked how all the food on the food bar, looked fresh and stocked. 
    We like Mr. Kim  (owner) we see him at Surah.My husband and I love Gogi!!! I also came here to celebrate my birthday two years ago with my cousins and the owner was so kind, he gave us a tray of beef for free (and they looked very fresh, as I remembered). Food has always been well-marinated as well, and I love that they have the extra sides in the food bar area which is self-serve. I felt relatively safe about that, in terms of cleanliness and covid times. Also love the sauce area as well. Those self-serve counters are very well-kept so it all looks more appealing. Their special Gogi sauce is great.Food and price is decent although the place is not poppin on a Friday night. We split the check and paid and were about to leave when the waiter (the only one there) came back to us to ASK FOR MORE TIP because he said it was "not nice." SO rude and unprofessional, will not be coming backIt was such a great first experience, my friends and I had Korean BBQ for the first time! I think it was obvious that it was our first time so the waiter gave a few very helpful suggestions. Food and service was amazing.All you can eat BBQ = happiness. If you don't mind smelling like Korean bbq for the rest of the day then this is amazing
This place is located in between other Korean restaurants and stores, so it's very convenient when you want to have a heavy meal and then go shopping at H mart or grab dessert afterwards. 
The meat choices are pretty wide and for the base price you still get a lot of options of beef, chicken, pork ribs, squid and it comes with soup/ eggs. The quality of the veggies and meat are great. The seasoning of the flavored meats are about a 3/5, they can be better with the seasoning but they do offer a wide variety of sauces that you can make and use. 
Friendly staff and always offering to get you more food when you are low. 
One time when my siblings and I came here the owner offered us to try their hotpot flavors for free in exchange for a social media post. 
They just lunched their Instagram account so it's always good to follow them and see what they have !From the people of Surah comes another ayce kbbq (all you can eat Korean BBQ meaning you cook the meat at your table yourself). Out of the 20+ kbbq joints I've been to in my life, this one appears to come in dead last. 
First of all, service here is bonkers. Some servers are literally RUNNING around with plates of raw meat and burning pans because of the disorganization of their service. Expect to ask for plates meat 3x before something actually comes out, and when you ask your grill pan to be changed, be sure to move out of the way because we got SIZZLING MEAT OIL dripped on our clothes. 
But if the meat is great, then we couldve gotten by with the chaotic service because honestly, the people were at least nice. Unfortunately, for $43 per person after tip and tax (combo a), we got INCONSISTENT cuts of meat. We ordered the same 3 meats every time, but sometimes it came out on chunks, sometimes it came out in one big piece, sometimes it was full of fat, and sometimes it was dry as a bone. We also were getting meat that we didn't order, which is an issue if we are paying the HIGHEST level and repeatedly getting lower level meat to fill us up! Also, can we talk about false advertisement? We have some meat connoisseurs at our table and some of the cuts of meat were NOT what was advertised. SHADY! 
We've been to Surah multiple times and did not have these issues, so not sure what's going on here. If we are in need for kbbq we will make the extra hike to the original.Gogi BBQ includes kbbq and hot pot. You can get one or the other or both for a combined price.
Their menu is surprisingly similar to Surah so I assume they're the same owners or something along those lines.
They don't serve alcohol here but I assume you can BYO. 
I ended up ordering just the kbbq but their hot pot selection looked vast - you go up and pick what you want buffet style.
The meat selection is pretty good. My fave is probably the short ribs and the spicy pork bulgogi - you can't ever go wrong there. 
Their grill surface is slighter smaller than other kbbq joints so that's a mild annoyance. The ban chan is also buffet style but I recommend skipping that because it wasn't all that flavorful.
Otherwise, Gogi also has a great sauce bar and the service was quick and friendly.Restaurant is relatively new! It's your basic hot pot + kbbq place. Food was good, I just had the kbbq and the owner came around and gave us complimentary hot pot! The meat selection was ok, they give very small portions- with good reason. I tried the steak, LA kalbi, pork jowl, and several others. The LA kalbi was ok, I thought they cut the meat too thin to really get a good taste of the meat. The best is prob the pork jowl! So tender and juicy. You can order soybean stew or soondubu on the side, the soybean stew was great. We came after looking at an ad for free naengmyun only to find out we had to actually bring the ad- that was never written in the paper. We somehow found the ad, hence the naengmyun pic. The broth was delicious, but the noodles were all caked together so it was a lil difficult to eat. Compared to other kbbq, there wasn't a wide variety of side dishes. I really liked the electric grill that you can easily adjust the temp- no hot coals passing by your face. 
The owner was very helpful and had great customer service. The actual servers I think could use a little more training- we ordered our meat and got completely random things... like I ordered beef but got chicken and octopus. 
I would go again, price is decent!