This place is very clean and the staff is very friendly. I live a few minutes away and I absolutely love their brown rice with beef and broccoli. Prices here are fair, they have lunch and dinner specials. Again, this place is very clean which always worries me when ordering from some places.We never received our delivery. Never answered the phone either. And they took our money.
I am highly disappointed and upset.
They are incredibly unprofessional. We received a confirmation email without a time frame and stating we could call them and showing a number.
Calling this number meant nothing, we called with no answer multiple times.Tried this once with friends and wasn't impressed, but I figured I'd try again.  Unfortunately, the third time will not be happening.
Cons:
-General Tsos was luke warm and soggy. I couldn't even finish it.
-60+ minutes for delivery (I live 6 blocks away from the place)
Pros:
-Lots of food
-Delivers
That's about it. Maybe other things on the menu are better, but I was not impressed.I accidentally ordered from here and it was huge mistake. I meant to call "Golden Chopsticks" not "Golden Cuisine" The General Tso Chicken was soggy and absolutely disgusting. It didn't even remotely taste like chicken or General Tso sauce. I wouldn't be surprised if it was just microwaved "chicken" please don't even bother considering ordering food here, I literally spit mine out because I thought I was going to be sick. Do yourself a favor and call Golden Chopsticks on Spring Garden its so much better and much cheaper too. Trust me!Ordered two chicken dishes and steamed dumplings. Came within 10 minutes(not sure how this is possible) Ate just the dumplings and got sick for hours.This review gets two stars because the food was ok. But the real problem with this place is their lack of comprehension of the English language. I get you're not from here but if you are going to move to another country you will do your hardest to meld into that country's language and culture. The driver would not accept my credit card even after matching it up with the one I had used to order. The driver and manager could not understand anything I was saying due to their lack of knowledge of the English language. Do yourself a favor and pass on this place.I've eaten here a number times and its always been good.  I don't know what some of the bad reviews are about.  I've had a few different things and I have nothing bad to say.The best takeout Chinese food in this area.  I have searched high and low for a decent Chinese Delivery place since I moved to Philly and THIS IS IT.  I always order Shrimp fried rice, egg roll, & sweet and sour chicken.  I frequent this place about once a week.  Delivery is always lightening fast and the staff is super friendly.  I love this place and you will too.I rarely write reviews, let alone negative ones....but if this will save someone some time, or help the restaurant owners gain some perspective on why their walk in orders are so low, then this review would not have been in vein. 
You can look at the other reviews on this yelp page to see examples of food quality, my main issue with this place is the cleanliness. Just don't do it.This is by far the best Chinese food that philly has to offer.  The general tso is absolutely amazing.  Spicy and savory.  This will be my number 1 spot for years to come.Really good Chinese take-out. The price can't be beat either!This is the best chinese delivery in the city.  I order from no other place.  Prices are fair.  The general tso chicken is the best I have ever had!I always order from here via GrubHub when I'm in the mood for Chinese food. I've thoroughly enjoyed their Curry Chicken and Kung Pao Chicken, but I'm not gonna lie, the reason I keep going back are the Chinese donuts. I rarely find a take out place that has them, and Golden Cuisine not only offers them, but does them WELL.
Always gotten quick delivery of hot food, and my order is always right.
Definitely a great place for solid Chinese take out.What? How does this place not have five stars? I'm appalled!
I can't speak to the state of the physical restaurant, as I've only ever ordered delivery from Golden Cuisine. However, this is hands down the best American Chinese food I've had. Ever. 
The crab rangoons are incredible. Delicate and flaky with a flavorful filling and a unique shape compared to the usual triangles. I like to pull them apart and eat one little quadrant at a time. The fried rice is also absolutely amazing. This is not your usual, odd, brightly yellow fried rice. It's perfectly greasy, deeply colored, and generously filled with bits of roast pork and veggies. I can also vouch for amazing egg foo young, sesame chicken, wonton soup, and walnut shrimp. 
People who gave this place less than four stars must have faulty taste buds. When I move back to Chicago, I will truly miss Golden Cuisine and my quest for a Chinese place to faithfully, regularly order from will begin again.I was skeptical at first, but Golden Cuisine has some top-notch American Chinese food. (Of course, if you're looking for authentic Chinese, it's nowhere to be found here.)
And let me just say. CHINESE DOUNTS!!! I haven't seen these in Philly in the past 7 years. Literally, not once. This alone is worth the delivery fee or maybe even a trek during the day.We never received our delivery. Never answered the phone either. 
I am highly disappointed and upset.
They are incredibly unprofessional. We received a confirmation email without a time frame and stating we could call them and showing a number.
Calling this number meant nothing, we called with no answer multiple times.The food is just not good quality. And there is nothing else to it.
I have ordered here numerous times just because it is one of the very few Chinese spots open late. However the quality is just as poor as everyone describes it.
CHOW FUN: soggy and it came as a block. I had to literally slice it. Also beef tasted old and was very chewy.
PIZZA ROLLS: for some reason their pizza rolls barely have any tomato sauce or flavor in it. It is mostly just cheese (and this is every time I have ordered)
SWEET & SOUR CHICKEN: okay, just overpriced. Sauce however is terrible.
DUMPLINGS: As blend as they could possibly get.
I appreciate the managers response and acknowledgment of my feedback, which is why I raised it to 2 stars but if they expect customers to give this a higher rating they just have to purchase better quality products OR lower their prices to match what they serve. That's as simple as it gets.
I recommend Jin House which is much cheaper and WAY better quality. Closes at 11pm tho!Despite what other people say, I believe it is a quality Chinese restaurant in the area. The lady that owns it is a nice hard working woman. It's a little bit pricier than other places but it is so worth it. I had the general tsos there and it was the BEST general tsos I've ever had.I order from this place pretty frequently because it is extremely close to my apartment. Sometimes they let me call and place a delivery order, sometimes they tell me to go online and order through grubhub. Whenever I use grubhub it takes 30+ min longer. Crab ragoon fried dumplings are my favorite chinese food and they make them terribly here
 :( There is barely any filling AT ALL. It's mainly just an empty fried dumping. Their fried rice is my go to and my boyfriend likes the sweet and sour chicken. This place is okay but do not order the crab ragoon. soooo terriblePretty good. No problems so far but this is just a regular restaurant to me so far. Don't usually visit to actually eat in or nearby but great when I'm just looking for that cheap delivery meal. Prices aren't super bad either. Not favorite place on the planet though and honestly, wouldn't run to them first to order Chinese food. 
Great for delivery speed though.
Also pretty good if you're just looking for something regular and not too fantastic.Best Chinese take out in area. 
The food is good, the service is fast and the young lady answering the phone is very polite and patient.Do not order from this spot.
I ordered delivery through delivery.com for this spot, and paid for my order online.
On my way down to get it, they gave my food to somebody standing there, not asking for ID nor calling my number such that they could see the person standing there was actually me.
I called them about it, and they didn't believe me. After arguing with them they finally did prep it again and then delivered it again.
And, the food quality is mediocre.Ordered delivery from here, was late, cold and soggy. cheesesteak (CS) rolls are not cheesteak roll, same with the pizza (PZ) rolls. CS roll had cabbage in it and no cheese. pizza roll was cheese and cabbage. This place is barely mediocre Chinese food. Unless I'm extremely intoxicated or starving and no where else is open, I might eat here again......I moved to Philly almost a year and a half ago and searched awhile before I found a Chinese takeout place I enjoyed. Most places have been either too greasy, too salty, or bland. Golden cuisine hits the mark and is the best Chinese food take out I've had here. It's fairly new and the staff is extremely friendly. They also prepare the food quickly. No grumbling stomachs here!I've driven past this place at least 100 times. I noticed a lot of local office workers (PCA across the street) going here so I thought I'd give it a try. I wasn't expecting a lot so don't think that I'm being overly critical.
I ordered two lunch specials and I had the beef and vegetables. The vegetables and beef all tasted like burned peppers. The peppers were fried so well done that the brown sauce was very dark and everything tasted like....burnt peppers.
I had a won ton soup and a chicken noodle- both extremely bland.
There are 100's of Chinese to-go places in Philly and this one is only a few miles north of Chinatown so I doubt I'll be going back.
On the positive side- they were friendly and clean.I finally decided what I wanted to order, it was 9.95 and there was a $10 minimum *rolls eyes* This is entrapment and should be illegal! lol, To top it off there was a $5 delivery fee! I begrudgingly added another spring roll and it end up being $20 just to get dinner for 1! 
But it ended up being kind of perfect. 
The lo mein came with, fried rice, an egg roll and soup.
So, I got the lo mein and spring roll... meanwhile with the soup, extra roll and the fried rice, my "not hungry" boyfriend had enough to make a meal for him too haha  
Overall this isn't the best chinese food, it's your average corner store place. but nice portions.I'm glad I didn't listen to all of the ignorant and negative yelp reviews for this place.
This place had a good kung pao that was actually spicy.
Their fried rice looks likes it's going to be super brown and greasy, but it's lighter than you would think and very tasty.
Their Chinese donuts were delicious.
-It was all a perfect accompaniment to a night watching Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call -New OrleansSolid Chinese food for decent prices + you get a free side when you order a combination plate! The bourbon chicken and shrimp fried rice are both really good. Much better than other Chinese takeout I've tried in the neighborhood.Trust a good reviewer. Me. There are some questionable past reviews here.
My coworkers and myself have eaten at most of the Chinese restaurants around Golden Cuisine. They are ok. Average. For the regular take out experience, Golden Cuisine is best, so far. Broth on chicken noodle soup is flavorful. Not watered down. Bourbon chicken was good, too. I usually eat white rice but the fried rice is awesome.
What I liked best is that the prices are great at lunch and I didn't get a racing heart or unquenchable thirst after eating. No zombie like sleep coma, either. Good tasting food at good prices. That works for me.Came across this place while hungry on a win. I've eaten all around various parts of the city and guys is literally I swear the best Chinese food I have aver had. Food and establishment is very clean, very friendly staff, & completely well seasoned. It was definitely restaurant quality! Will always be getting my food here from now onI ordered delivery and they never came. They took my money and now won't answer the phone. I order through the yelp app.
Update - they called me 5 mins after posting the review and said they were incredibly busy and apologized. Said next time to not order through yelp - "they don't have a lot of drivers". Updated rating from 1 star to 2 Star.Complete and utter garbage.  General Tso chicken all breading with weird disintegrating texture.  Chicken and broccoli bland, fishy and oily.  Crab Rangoon fishy and not crispy.  Just bad.We ordered from this restaurant late night and the food arrived quickly. However, as we were unpacking it, we noticed an item missing. When I reached for my phone to call, it was already ringing and the person let me know that the missing item was on the way. This was great customer service!  And while the food was good, it wasn't the best I've had, but it was tasty and very dish was solid. Exactly what I was going for!  I'll definitely eat here again. The customer service guarantees it.Ordered dinner as deliver. Food came quickly and was great. Some of the best Chinese I've had.I had lunch from this place and now I have the stomach flu. The ingredients used are not fresh and the place inside is not clean. If your  going to eat from here please pay in cash because the lady behind the counter will charge you a fee even though you spent over 10 dollars.First lets say that the place is relatively clean, especially considering the immediate surrounding area. The staff may be rigid but are polite. The food we ordered and received in a average amount of time for Chinese food. The order was the daily specials for Chicken and broccoli with pork fried rice and General Tso's Chicken with pork fried rice. Both came with an egg roll and can drink of our choice ( or a soup). We got the egg rolls and two sodas. The food was of poor quality and poorly made. Rice was crunchy and the chicken on both orders were not good. Defiantly not ordering from this place again food was just plan bad probably one of the worse Chinese food places my wife and I have been too.Our food delivery took over an hour to arrive. When we called to check the status of our order, the lady on the phone yelled at us and told us that we were not the only people ordering food.This was easily the worst Chinese food I have ever had. I ordered off Postmates and picked what sounded good (Szechuan Chicken and Pan Fried Noodles) but was presented with no visual options. Once my food arrived I was not only let down by the presentation of the food but also the taste, as both items were bland and unappetizing. This chicken tastes like it came out of a fish tank.  On top of being the worst food I've ever gotten from a restaurant ,the overall cost was almost 30 dollars! Avoid this place at all costs!! Go eat a hot dog from seven eleven instead, you'll have twice the dining experience and 28 more bucks in your pocket.Not good. At all. Spare yourself. I should've read the reviews. I lost money so you don't have to.Sadly this was the worst Chinese takeout I have ever tried in my entire life. Please avoid this place. It lacks flavor and the portions are not great.The timing of the delivery, better than expected. The food was good, however the driver not so nice. Sadly I probably won't be ordering from them again.Flies in the food! Ordered from this place last night, flies in the batter on the fried chicken! The flies fall into the batter they are using on everything you are eating! I have sent them pictures and also posted the pictures on Eat24.Ordered delivery through DoorDash. Food was delivered within 30 minutes. Food was hot and everything tastes fresh. The egg roll was light and crunchy which was nice. The fried rice had a lot of onions in it (I like onion but just wasn't expecting that much!). Would order again for quick, easy Chinese take out.Ordered from post mates. Wings were dry, the lo mein and fried rice were bland. Please step it up.THE OWNER CALLED ME FAT. they delivered me the wrong person's order. I immediately  called them to let them know and she told me she'd bring me my correct order. she never said anyone was coming to pick up the other food i already opened to see what was in it. That's disgusting giving opened food to another customer anyway. but clearly this restaurant has no morals or good business practices. Then after 45 minutes i contacted grub hub who told me the restaurant was gonna deliver my correct order and never said to save the food so i ate a few bites because ive been waiting 2.5 hours at this point and gave food to my roommates so it didn't go to waste. half an hour later the restaurant calls me and yells at me telling me i shouldn't get my correct order because i have all this other food even though its not correct and the owner literally says "you eat and eat all this food and want more that's not right" and i asked if she was calling me fat and she said YES. point blank says YES I"M FAT!!! Tells me im not getting my order because i have too much food and i shouldn't of opened the food because it wasn't her fault and i shouldn't of touched it. I've never been more insulted. On top of that the food wasn't even good. It was cold and the chicken tasted like it wasn't chicken and their soup was awful and salty. Disgusting food and disgusting service. What business owner calls someone fat because they can't take responsibility for their mistakes.Disgusting. I've never had food so bad and I'm far from a food snob. I paid extra for white meat chicken and it tasted NOTHING like chicken (I got the general Taos). I would bet money this is not chicken. I ate two bites and had to throw it out (I also never throw away food because I love it so much, so this means a lot coming from me). The real kicker - getting food poisoning from barely eating this meal I paid way too much for. It was a literal sh*t show. You've been warned, do not eat here!!food was okay, what you would expect from the typical Chinese place so I was pleased and eating happily. Then I bit into something hard while eating my rice, at first I thought it was a fingernail (thank god it was not) but I then looked and saw that it was a staple. I do not know how a staple got into my pint of white rice but it was very scary! Please be careful while eating here. That could've seriously hurt me if I didn't notice it and had swallowed or bit down wrong.I don't know why there is a guy giving his food the finger in the main photo for this place. I'll have to go and get some of my own photos because this place is awesome. That guy doesn't know what he's talking about. This is one of the best hole in the wall Chinese food places that I have ever been to.
I ordered their food after moving. Boy, was I hungry! We ordered three orders of General Tsao's chicken. They each came with an egg roll and soup. The food was great! Also, it was reasonably priced and came very quickly - like 20 minutes!
My next time ordering from there I was having a bad day and was trying to cheer myself up. I ordered the same thing but I forgot to specify what kind of soup I wanted. When it arrived, I realized. I called to let them know and they told me I could just tell them this happened the next time I order and they will give me an extra soup. That's so nice! I never took them up on the offer but I appreciate that.
I love this place. Thanks for serving up great food at great prices.Ugh I have trust issues when it comes to Chinese food and this restaurant is the reason why. Most Chinese shops are closed right now due to miss rona petty a$$. Anyway I ordered thru Postmates. I purposely didn't order any meat products after reading previous reviews on here. I kept it simple with the Buddha Delight (tofu with mixed vegetables in brown sauce) and a small shrimp fried rice. This was my first time ordering tofu from any Chinese shop ever so I had no expectations for what that was supposed to taste like but even some of the vegetables tasted a little off. Idk how to describe it. Anyhoo it was the shrimp fried rice that threw me off. It was a weird color and had a weird aftertaste too. Not gonna lie I was zooted scarfing the food up though. It took like 10 bites but I eventually came to adjust to the funky fried rice flavor. Idk if I will order from here again...but if I do, I'll just get broccoli or string beans in garlic sauce and call it a day. I will update if I decide to order again in the future !This place is delicious in my opinion. Ordered the general tsos tofu, shrimp mei fun, and some spring rolls. Some of the best inexpensive Chinese in the city. The leftovers are in my fridge right now and I'm psyched to finish it later lolGolden Cuisine is a bit pricier than most Chinese take-out I've had, but it so far it seems like it's worth it. Their curry tofu with mixed vegetables was REALLY good, I've never had anything quite like that from a Chinese restaurant but the flavors and preparation were really excellent. My husband liked the sesame tofu, though it was a bit heavy (a given with deep fried anything in a rich sweet/savory sauce). After trying take-out from another place tonight which I will not name here because the experience was less than satisfying, I'm definitely inclined to go back to Golden Cuisine next time.I definitely recommend!
Best restaurant I've ever been too! The people who work there are very patient and polite to the customers, and their food is great. I love the fried rice and the dumplings, as well as the spring rolls. The manager of the restaurant is also very friendly, and I love their excellent delivery service. They deliver very quickly, and they also stay open later, which is a bonus. I go here often and am a loyal customer. This is definitely my go-to restaurant.If you are craving for some comfort food that's affordable yet still high quality, then you should definitely check out this place! You cant go wrong with a crab Rangoon appetizer with general tso chicken platter that's comes with a free egg roll and soup/soda! Honestly, you can't find a better deal if your hungry that 12am in the morning. I definitely recommend Golden Cuisine. Give them a tryFor a quick Chinese food delivery place, this place is on point. I ordered two dinner specials and they both came with really good tasting pork fried rice. The egg rolls could have been a little crispier, but were decent. I ordered Bourbon Chicken and General Tsos chicken. Both were delicious and cooked well. This will be my go to Chinese delivery.I ordered GrubHub at approximately 11:30 pm and received my food at 12:30 am.  I ordered Crab Rangoon (delicious), KimChi (could have been bigger for the price-was served in a half-pint container for $4), Vegetable and Bean curd soup-pint (delicious), and Ma Po Tofu, also delicious.  
I read previous reviews before ordering this food, and am a regular when it comes to eating Asian food throughout the city... and I check Yelp a lot before I go somewhere.  Just like Henry P. said.. I'm glad I didn't listen to the Yelp users that only use Yelp to review businesses on a negative level-you know, the ones who expect to be treated like they're eating at a five star restaurant and expect to get that tier of food delivered and pay $12 to do so.  Wake up.
Delivery came on time, and the price was right.  I'll order again.$10 for combo meal? Yes please. Love this spot just a stone's throw away from my house so i don't have to pay for the delivery fee. It's my go to when I'm in the mood for Chinese food.
No frills, but isn't that what we want from a Chinese food place? Kind employees and good food. Can't beat $10 for entree with pork fried rice, egg roll, and soup or a can of soda. I love the kung pao chicken which comes with plenty of peanuts, peppers, and a nice kick. Delicious wonton soup, too! Whenever i get my combo meal it lasts me for two meals! If you're stopping in the shop too (though they do deliver!), there are plenty of snacks to choose from, too!Bad food bad service!! General tso chicken was watery and mushy.  do nit recommend ordering from here i regret it.The customer service was very poor. And the general tso chicken wasn't disgusting but had a weird slightly fishy taste. Will never be order from here again.This is a decent delivery Chinese restaurant in the city to order from. The General Tso Chicken was good as was the lo mein and egg roll. I've had better wonton soup, but it still got the job done. The boneless ribs were also good. Safe bet for late night Chinese cravings.The worse Chinese takeout I've ever had in my life! I ordered a cheese steak roll and got an egg roll. There was no beef or cheese in the roll and when I called to inform them that they gave me a veggie egg roll instead of the cheesesteak roll, the owner became argumentative. I also ordered seafood Ho Fun which is a flat rice noddle (please google ho fun noodle so you can see what it's supposed to look like). As you can see from the photo, I did not get any flat rice noodles in this order.  What I got was a bunch of onions and tiny pieces of broken up over cooked pasta. Order at your risk! Poor customer service! Poor food quality!