Everyone is very knowledgeable and inviting. For reference, I am a terrible golfer and went with my husband who plays ok. Fun time- 18 holes in 3 hours for us (bc of me). Drinks are reasonable. Food was good pub food. Worth the visit for sure. Hope the business continues to do well!WOULD NEVER...NEVER GO AGAIN...It took way to long to get ANY KIND OF SERVICE( I was at a birthday party)...NOT ENOUGH BARTENDERS..(20 mins for a drink...
Then a hour of me being there Many ppl had to leave cause they were in code violation ( Too many ppl)...
And did I say the drink was WATERED DOWN for $11 it was Ice & 5 sips of drink...I had been here a bunch of times on Friday and Saturday nights for little parties before I even realized they had a virtual golf course upstairs. Now that I got a better understanding of this place my favorite part is the rooftop area. It's real nice. Came there for a day party event a couple days ago. I can't speak to the food or the golf course but I'm laughing at the other reviews because I can see where they're coming from. This place is obviously unorganized but to me this isn't a terrible venue. So much room for improvement. All the bartenders and stuff I've dealt with have been cool towards me. This place is always on my radar. If you have difficulty with parking just go park across the street at Sugar House.Margarita Tuesday!!! It was a coworkers birthday and we chose to go there after work to party. The atmosphere was boring and no juke box to play music.   There was only one bartender so I didn't expect service to be there. When the bill came and I read my receipt. She charged me full price on margarita that are half off and add a few more drinks to my tab.   I called her out on the mistake so she can fix it. Instead of just fixing her mistake and call the manager.  She said she can't fix the mistake and would give me free drinks.  I have to drive.  I can't drink additional 4 drinks and drive home.  I can't afford dui and it was snowing.   I honestly don't think it's free drinks if I'm being over charged from the beginning.   I ordered 4 more drinks and I tipped her.  Instead of saying thank you and apologizing, she took the money and walked away as if she deserved it.  I'm never coming again and I want everyone to check their receipt.4 indoor golf Trackman Pro pods. Play or practice. Bar is great for drinks and food. Great place to watch the Flyers, Eagles, or Phillies!!I initially was upstairs at the golfing portion before 9. It was pretty fun- while I was there the waitress service was pretty bad but was told it was good earlier. It was pretty fun in general golfing. We went downstairs to get drinks at 10 and it was so loud that the bartender literally couldn't hear you, so bad that he misunderstood my friend's drink order. Not a good experience. 
This place needs to figure out what it is: a night club or a golf bar.Soooooo I came here for a little party, "I Plead the Cinco" and the service was terrible. We waited for over 30 min for drinks at the bar. The bartender took our order, walked away and continued to serve others. After trying to find a manager, we received terrible treatment and suggested we "just leave" if we had an issue. Problem was our card was being held by the bartender. Ultimately we ended up leaving and it is safe to say I won't ever come back.Horrible service on NYE after spending $1k for eight people to have "VIP". Manager was extremely rude! Maybe the place is okay for golf and food but if you're looking for a spot to host a big party or event, take your money else where!!It's cool to have a virtual golf course around. For what you pay per hour, it's awesome. Service could do with an upgrade.Boozy Brunch!!!! Chef Milly and his food will set you free. The food is delicious an the drinks are on point. Nate and his group (Mix it up bartending) know their way around a bar. The location is beautiful and very clean. The bathrooms are clean also. The only issue I have is with the waitstaff. When we first got there it was on point, but as the restaurant got busier it became more lacking. My friends and I felt that there were not enough servers. Our waitress didn't seem flustered but we thought she was overwhelmed by the amount of tables that she had to serve. We got out before the day party which I understand gets wild. If you like a calm breakfast but a hot afternoon. Boozy Brunch at Golf and social is your place.Amazing!! Service...food and great cocktails!! Anthony was superb and Pats wood was delicous!! Can't wait to Golf and the rooftop to open!!! PS get The Ricky Fowler!!Horrible service on NYE after spending $1k for eight people to have "VIP". Manager was extremely rude! Maybe the place is okay for golf and food (I wouldn't know because they shut the virtual golf-which was included in our hefty price and the buffet bar ran out of food) if you're looking for a spot to host a big party or event, take your money else where!!!Let's see..  Parking was super easy, Walked in & started playing with in minutes & what a great set up .  Now we had our own clubs but it was fun to try some of the nice clubs they had available. We ordered some food/apps .. there was nothing left over, never had to wait for a beer.. (Jay killed it) and if you needed anything in terms of help with your round, there's always someone around to help erase that shot that didn't pass the ladies tee.   Seriously, great place for beers and a few swings, or if you're just trying to stay in shape till better weather breaks.  Well done Golf n Social.I don't usually write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so. Myself and a group of 8, dined here for my birthday celebration this past Sunday for their "Boozy Brunch". This was by far the worst experience that I've ever had at any restaurant I've ever been to. The service was terrible. Our waitress was not attentive, we were brought out our food with no silverware. My friend hand to hunt down the waitress to receive silverware, which at that point the food was cold & needed to be reheated. Once we received silverware they were all dirty(sticky from syrup & other foods), when asked to receive new silverware the new silverware was dirty as well. We were then given plastic forks & knives. My friends and I gave the place the benefit of the doubt, maybe the place isn't used to very large crowds, though I doubt it because this event is hosted everywhere Sunday. Nevertheless, we stayed and endured terrible service from our waitress, dirty utensils and LASTY, when bought the bill, once paid(with 3 cards + cash) we realized that the $177 check we were given was not ours. Our waitress then brought us a $120 check but refused to give us our money back for the overcharged bill we originally received. Finally I asked to speak to a manager, I was told that the manager was not in that day. The waitress ended up giving me the money owed, but not without rudely shoving the money into my hand. I would never return to this place or recommend it to anyone.Pretty bad.  Made a res for 8pm on a Saturday night.  No one to tell you where to go or greet you.  Finally get to where we're supposed to be, no one helps you set up the simulator.  The simulator stopped working twice within an hour and no one could fix it.  Then they told us we may have to go before we wanted to because they were having a dueling dj party.  This won't last another year.  Go to golf science center for a simulator, much better experience.So I came in with a large party of probably like 20 from DC. We were coming nyc on the way back home and one of the people suggested we come here. Wtf did he do that?! Half of the party had to sit upstairs and the other downstairs which was not a problem, it was busy so I understand. We ordered the bottomless mimosas of course and they were decent. I ordered wings and fries and the food took forever to come out! The fries came out an hour before the wings no lie! When the wings finally came they were horrible. I'm pretty sure they were supposed to be fried and they definitely tasted and looked baked...also they were warm. The other people waited over an hour for their food as well. One person NEVER got his food. It was a mess! The DJ was playing what seems like songs from 2001 smfh.  We asked for a manager but he never came. Eventually we had to press this man out about what was going on. Long story short I wouldn't return, maybe I'm spoiled with DC day parties idk but I vote no to Golf and Social.Had a very spectacular evening at @golfandsocial last night! The food menu is something I never seen before. It's huge filled with a lot of flavorful favorites. I ordered the mussels; by which were well seasoned and tasty. I then ordered the sautéed jumbo shrimp ; which were phenomenal. Then I ordered their classic deep fried lobster tail w/ fries  that was amazing and mouthwatering. I honestly cannot wait to return to try more of their huge menu! Thank you @chef_millyAbsolutely worst place to visit..both occasions we had the worst service!! The last visit we were basically kicked out of our seats because they had a fashion show. Our foot was never delivered and had to get our own drinks. It's sad we can't get our shot together!Booked a 10am reservation for the simulator. Had to be let in by the kitchen staff at 10:10. I've now been waiting upstairs in the dark for someone to open the place for 20 minutes. I'm giving it 2 stars because I've been here in the past and had a good time and it's great for getting in practice in the winter but the management is terrible. I've been double booked multiple times and turned away. Since I booked through golf now I have to try to get a refund through them. This place could be great but until a competent manager takes over I don't think it will last much longer....or maybe it will considering it's almost 200 dollars an hour for a foursome to play golf.If I could give something zero stars, this would be it. Not only is this place absolutely filthy but it is ran by a bunch of mean, aggressive and combative individuals. I'm 21 years old and the bouncer literally tried to snap my ID in half and screamed in my face saying that I was lying. They physically grabbed people who I was here with and threw them out on Delaware ave. They also ran out of food within five minutes of people being here. Overall the staff is extremely rude and unapproachable. It's also overpriced and a huge rip off. Do NOT come here.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. I am a fan of Chef Milly from Hells Kitchen. I follow him on Instagram and saw him promoting Golf and Social saying he cooks there. I made a reservation for 8:45pm. When I called to confirm my reservation, they didnt even know I had one. When I arrived they charged us a $10 cover charge at the door.......just to EAT. I told the bouncer
We had a reservation and we were just coming to eat but we still had to pay. After we paid, we stood there waiting for someone to greet us and take us to our table. No one came. We had to go find someone and that person basically told us to seat ourselves. Our waitress was the light skinned Hispanic girl with the curly hair. Her service was horrible. The woman who was SUPPOSED to be the "hostess",  was walking around with a drink in her hand. We waited an hour and 40 minutes for our food. We both ordered the pan seared salmon. As we were waiting, one thing I did notice is that a lot of the guys in the kitchen who were coming in and out (cooks, servers, etc.) have extremely long and scruffy beards and are cooking/ carrying plates of food, yuck! When we finally did get our food, the salmon was SO overcooked. There was absolutely no presentation with the food. No fancy plate. No garnish. Nothing. They walked around serving plates like they were church dinners. (They even served my drink in a plastic cup that was not even filled to the top) As if we didnt have to pay for it. I sent mine back and instead of the waitress  apologizing, she took the plate and rolled her eyes. I am never eating there again. If Chef Ramsey were to taste that food, he would throw the entire plate. Chef Milly wasnt cooking during that time. He was actually sitting and having a drink. I guess I should've known right then and there, the food wouldn't be cooked right. Overall, a very horrible experience and a waste of time and toll money crossing the bridge from Jersey. The environment is ghetto and the food is WAY over priced!Nice atmosphere on a sunday, sort of like a day party! Drinks are good and food is good also. I only have 4 stars and not 5 because I don't like how we had to keep looking for our waitress for mimosa refills.Absolutely awful. 
I ordered through grub hub, a chicken sandwich, cheesesteak eggrolls, and mac n cheese. Eggrolls were missing the siracha ketchup, the chicken sandwich WASNT EVEN THERE just a piece of corn rolling around in the tray, and the mac and cheese had NO NOODLES it was just cheese sauce in a tray. 
When I called the place whoever answered just said "Hello?" and repeatedly said they couldn't hear what I was saying. Once she understood food was missing, THEY ASKED IF I COULD COME DOWN TO THE PLACE FOR THEM TO GIVE IT TO ME. WHY DO YOU THINK I ORDERED DELIVERY?!?!? I had to get my refund through grubhub and only got half my money back.
What a joke, I should have done more research before ordering, STAY AWAY. Ghetto ass service, no respect for their customers or pride in their jobs.I come here once a week after work with my co-workers.  The bartender Bri makes it a pleasant experience.  She is attentive and knows what we order by heart, she goes the extra mile to ensure that we have a good experience.  Chef Milly also makes his way through to speak to us.Disappointed. Ordered delivery including an $11.00 order of fried calamari - an insultingly tiny portion. (Picture attached). Absurd. And it wasn't good - all batter, no calamari. The burger I ordered was missing the bacon that was supposed to be on it. I have no problem spending money on decent food. But this food is not decent and incredibly overpriced.It was a cute ambience for black millennials but the service could have been better. I had chicken and waffles and that was really good but they messed up our order the first time. I would come back on my own but not with a large group of people. We literally waited for a 1/2 hour for a server.I'm super disappointed in our experience at golf and social. We went to get in some swings at an 11 am "tee time" and there were some stragglers at the bar from whenever, it's 11, they looked like they were there for a while.... nobody was here to greet us and a guy with a lobby pan saw us with our clubs and said "upstairs guys" 
Once we got upstairs there were guys already playing but still no staff to be found. We asked the guys there and they said they would be finished soon and could use the bay. The place was a mess too, and smelled like a hard night of partying. After a few minutes I walked downstairs and asked the bartender for some help. To his credit, he wouldn't have seen us since we were upstairs and he was in the middle of cleaning (all the bar glassware was on the bar) 
A manager came up to set us up and told us they were swamped from the night before and trying to catch up. He asked us what course we wanted to play, we asked if there was a list and he said, "we have every course in the world" my buddy and I eyed each other with a laugh, as that would be insane, but the list is actually around 60 courses. 
We had a nice time while playing, a pitcher of bud light is 17$ and we ordered some apps on the 3rd hole, by the 14th we asked when they would be coming. At this point we were the only folks there and over an hour had passed. Once they came they were pretty good however. Quesadillas were crisp on the outside and jammed with chicken, cheese and veggies inside. 
Bathrooms are unisex, but a disaster. It was gross. They really need a professional company to clean up the place. One of the restrooms had no soap either, thankfully the other bathrooms had some. 
The trackman games were fun. The courses were cool. The screen bays are, depending on which one you get, either amazing or generic.  Even though we were the only people there we got one of the generic screens when a top notch system was wide open to use... lame.  
I would come again however. I love golf and there aren't many opportunities to play around here anymore because it's been a crappy winter so being able to play inside is amazing. It does seem though that there needs to be better leadership here to make things operate more like a proper restaurant/entertainment facility rather than a college bar run by college kids.I would like to commend Jamir the head of security at Golf and social, he was professional and conducted himself very well under pressure. Jamir diffused an altercation and assured that the customers needs were met and then some! The margaritas were great, as well as their fried shrimp. I will certainly be returning to golf and social !I gave this place a shot 2x. One for brunch which includes ridiculous wait times for food and seating even with a reservation. All of our food was brought out at different times and by different I mean 30min apart. We were given plastic cups and had to get up and find servers after being seated upstairs. Second time I sat at the bar for wings and now the place is cash only, I can imagine why. Waitress added 20% gratuity for 2 ppl seated at the bar and gave me my bill before the food came out! When I tell you food takes forever and isn't even HOT I'm never going back here.this place is the worst  my first time here with my sister and we waited over an HOUR for breakfast food ..the server did not seem to care that we were sitting at the table for so long with those dry ass mimosas ‍ ..this place is cool if you wanna party and smoke hookah {barely} ..but i will def not be returning! this place is a MESSSSSSSSSS!I went to Golf and Social for their Brunch and Boozy event. If you get there early you probably can find parking in the 7 Eleven parking lot. The venue is pretty nice. The drinks are yummy. I got the Emerald drink. The cost of the drinks start at $9.00. My drink was nice and strong. Also, its smart to make reservations. 
Food: I had the chicken and waffles ($12.00). The dish comes with 2 nice size wings and a waffle. When I asked the waitress how many pieces of chicken come with the waffles she told me 2, so in my head being greedy I thought 2 wings were not going to be enough, to my surprise they were. I was honestly full. The wings were seasoned perfectly. The waffles come with a nice white glaze sauce, not overly sweet. The service was good. Taylor was our waitress.  Nice young lady. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time. I was told by one of the servers its better to order food downstairs if you're on the rooftop. My friend got the shrimp and grits. She only got four medium size shrimp. She said that it was good. The homefries looked good as well. Nice side dish portion. 
Rooftop:
Since we had an early reservation (11:30am) we were able to go on the rooftop after our meal. The setting was pretty nice. There's an elevator that takes you to the top. So if you have on heels, you're good. 
I would definitely go back. I wouldn't go too late in the afternoon because it gets crowded after a certain time.Absolutely can't stand this place. We bought tickets for the dollar jawn event. Only to be ignored by Kate the bartender multiple times. After asking for the manager Anthony and speaking with him. Anothy told me didn't have time for my complaints. Horrible establishment.What a weird night we had at Golf & Social.  There was a group of 12 of us with several visitors from out of town for a two hour reservation.  The team at G&S was very accommodating over the phone in helping us set up a reservation, and informed us that with a group of our size we would need two golf simulators so that everyone could play.  Because there was a mix of experienced golfers and beginners we specifically asked when making the appointment to set up a "best-ball scramble" between the two simulators, where everyone could tee off and then the entire team would play from the best hit ball, giving everyone a chance to take some shots and contribute to the team.  We were assured this would be no problem.  
When we arrived we were introduced to a concierge of sorts who, while very sweet, clearly wasn't well versed in how to use the simulator or set up what we had asked for.  We spent the next 45 minutes watching as our concierge tried to figure out getting the simulators working and doing troubleshooting.  One of the simulators wouldn't turn on and the concierge was hitting balls himself most of the time trying to get everything functioning.  After an hour of standing around with drinks and some mediocre nachos with no golf we informed the concierge that the group was getting antsy and we'd like to leave.  Because the simulator wasn't working we wouldn't pay the golf fee but we'd pay for our food and drinks and tips.
The concierge said that he could get one of the simulators running and that the problem was the game we had chosen.  He asked us to please stick around and he'd set up a standard round on the one working simulator.  We said ok, and he did so, but after 20 minutes or so of half the group playing and the other half standing around watching, our hearts weren't in it.  We told our concierge again that we'd like to leave and that we'd be happy to pay for food and drinks but not the golf, he said he'd get the manager and proceeded to disappear for another half hour.  We contemplated just leaving some cash and walking out, but wanted to be polite.  We honestly thought the manager would come out and comp us drinks or something for wasting most of our night.  Finally the manager came out to speak with us, but instead of even talking to us he threw a bill on the table and said "you used the simulator, you pay for the simulator, end of story".  We were taken aback by his approach to customer service there, especially with such a new (and otherwise totally empty) bar, but we all remained pretty even keeled and politely explained to him that they had agreed to provide us a certain service that they never even came close to delivering.  Over the course of the next few minutes the manager proceeded to get very upset and tell us that he didn't care if we were happy with the service, or if we decided to come back or not,  He also asked my friend if he wanted to step outside the back door and fight him(!).  I really thought for a moment that he might get punched by this manager for complaining about the service. 
 Annnyway, we left money for our food and drink and a tip for the service staff and walked out.There was a $10 cover to get in. I was confused about the set up. From my understanding you seat yourself. However when all the tables are full and you're waiting on people to finish it gets confusing. After getting a booth, the food took a while to come out. We ordered a couple of shots and some hookah. They poured a lot of tequila for only $6! The hookah taste really good as well. For dinner, I had the double racked lamb with broccoli and macaroni. The broccoli had a lot of garlic and was flavorful. The macaroni was pretty good. You could tell they used a lot of milk or didn't bake it for long because the consistency was kinda watery. The lamb was so freakin good! It was salty but I love salty lol Our waitress was kind, just very forgetful. For example, each time she came to the table she forgot to bring something from the previous visit (a shot someone ordered, mouthpiece for hookah, to-go-box) She seemed overwhelmed but she was very kind and I appreciated that. I'm a fan of Chef Milly. It was nice to try his recipe.The upstairs DJ was great. We were seated for 1.5 hours and only received warm chicken wings. The wings tasted good but they weren't served hot. We cancelled the rest of our food and left. 
Do yourself a favor and drive a little further to dine at Honey Sit n Eat!
*Gordon Ramsay would be disappointed with having one of his chef's in the kitchen with such terrible kitchen service.One and done...  
First, the location: You may glance at the Delaware Ave. address and think Penn's Landing, or South Philly by Ikea; but it's across from Sugar House -- a neighborhood you probably don't want to be in unless you're going to Sugar House (which I also wouldn't recommend...)  I just saw on this Yelp listing that they claim a free parking lot at 1100 N. Delaware; but this lot was signed as "permit parking only after 7pm;" so I figured it was specifically NOT Golf and Social parking.  As far as I could tell, the closest legal parking where you'd dare to leave your car was across the street in the Sugar House lot; which, unless you choose to hop a 5' fence and jaywalk, means the equivalent of about a 2-block walk to the place (in the rain, in our case.)  
Apparently (and unknown to us), there must be an entrance for the Golf around the side of the building; but without proper directional signage (and wanting to get out of the rain) we entered through the door on Delaware Ave., which required us, golf bags and all, to work our way through a crowded bar area.  As soon as they saw the golf bags, the staff was very helpful in guiding us through and to the stairs (great...) to the 2nd floor, where the golf was.
Once upstairs, I was surprised to find only 4 golf bays.  There was a bar (which looked like it's only used maybe on weekends; everything we ordered had to be brought up from downstairs), a pool table, big screen TV, and plenty of tables/chairs/couches.
The food was OK at best (I wasn't exactly expecting fine dining), and the Bud/Miller Light draft (don't recall which) I ordered was skunky; so I switched to a Yeungling draft, also skunky.  The service was as good as could be expected from one guy who had to go up and down stairs for everything.
Now the golf: The price wasn't bad - $49/hour, which is basically $49 per person; since it takes about an hour to play 18.  But this was the worst golf simulator I've ever played -- including all they way back in the 90's, when the technology was new.  Even though they use Trackman, which I think is pretty much the gold standard in the industry, it sucked.  Maybe it was an old, beat up unit, or badly calibrated (or maybe we just had a bad bay -- didn't pay close enough attention to see if the guys in the other two bays that were going were having the same problems); but between the two of us, we hit at least 20 shots that didn't register.  And probably another 40 shots where we said 'there's no way that swing would produce that result;' a few for the better, but mostly for the worse.  I understand it's not an exact science; but this was really bad.
I remember being surprised that I didn't have to pay/enter a credit card when I booked (there's even language on the booking page about still being charged if you don't cancel early enough) -- and even more so after I got there and saw how few bays there were.  But when the bill came, I figured out why they do it (at least on weeknights, maybe)...  I knew the golf was a hundred bucks; so when I glanced at the check and saw $170, I thought "There's no way we spent $70 on food and drinks..."  We didn't; we spent around $40; but there was an automatic 20% gratuity added -- including on the GOLF!!  WTF is THAT?!  I probably could have argued over that extra $20 tip on the golf (as I'm sure people often do) and got it taken off; but already knowing we were never coming back, we thought 'screw it, let the guy have it.'  The final irony was when the credit card slip asked how much ADDITIONAL gratuity I wanted to add -- but I did resist the urge to write, "Yeah - don't smoke in bed..."
Takeaway is, the staff was helpful and friendly, but everything else went from "sucks" to "Meh..."  Plenty of better places in Jersey and Delco; and you won't run the risk of coming out and finding your car up on soda crates...The food was disgusting and it didn't even come out with everything described on the menu . The waitress said they were out of nearly everything which was confusing because it wasn't busy . The chef came out and tried to rectify the situation but I was over it . I wanted to support him because he's a black chef but that food was unacceptable****This place is cash only, high chance of being finessed, better be ready to spend a good amount of $$$$ ! ****
A few friends and I went here Sunday for their brunch/ day party experience. First of all, they charge for everything, EVERYTHING!  Damn near charge you to breathe. 
We arrived asked for a table for brunch which took a while. (That was not bad, we did not make reservations.) Once we were seat though we were up for a good run for our money. LITERALLY. 
So the server explains we have to each pay $30 for the brunch, and $25 each for bottomless mimosas. (That was anticipated.) She then told us that we had 1 hour to eat. Then she told us that we would be charged $30/ per person to stay in the restaurant and to stay seated after the allotted hour.  So my group decided to ditch the brunch, I mean we planned to be there for a while anyways. 4pm comes around we pay for the day party and are denied our promised seats. We were told that we would have to pay an additional $650 to be seated or go upstairs. 
We chose to go upstairs, I guess that's where the outcasts sit. Needless to say we were still STARVING! we get up stairs and had to sit at this random beach style table looked like a decor seat. & has to chased down a server for our table on our own. We then ordered a hookah for $25 (average cost) we were told new coal is 5$/coal, refill on water is 25. After smoking we requested new coal as ours had burned out. We were denied coal, and were told that we have to buy a whole new hookah this server told us they don't sell coal/ put out new coal ... wow. Anyways, this wasn't a surprise at this point we had need finessed enough. 
On a brighter note. The food by Chef Milly was Emmaculate!! Worth the cost. The drinks we good as well.When it first opened I thought it was going to really hit an untapped market in the area. Instead, it has turned into a very strange and awkward place. Staff was nice last time we went but overall professionalism and cleanliness lacked. 
Curtains and chairs everywhere, golf bays are ok but nothing to write home about. I guess I was just expecting a more upscale alcohol and golf atmosphere. More like a dave and busters in need of new management and a renovation. 
I really hope someone comes in and cleans hat place up.Yeah,​ I am going to agree with everyone and say the experience was the only good factor. I really wanted to like this place If they would like to make this into a bar that would be better because the only thing good was the drinks and the DJ. other than that my Fried Crab legs were extremely dry. I ordered crab broccoli and one drink and my bill came out to $48 this is after already paying $20 for a cover fee. If the people I was with did not make the place and music enjoyable I would've​ spoken to a manager​. Cheese crab fries were just regular McDonald's​ fries with cheese Wiz and some old dry crab meat really a mess. This place needs to choose if it wants to be a bar or a restaurant​ because it's​ failing at doing both.Great hosts of a surprise 30th birthday
Omg. I'm not quite sure where to begin. It was a fantastic night all around with some superb hospitality at Golf & Social. I'm honestly shocked at all the negative reviews below (particularly one that should be removed because it's simply neighbors upset that a business moved in next door?)
I'll try to keep this short but I'm sure it'll get lengthy. I called to reserve two bays to host about 15 people for a surprise party. The guy, Javon, was super nice and I asked to see if I could email or text him food to be ready upon arrival since guests would have to be there before we got there. Everything was set upon arrival including the bays, sets of clubs, and the food. They also were ready with plates and knives for cutting the cake. 
We ended up playing about 20 mins or so longer than expected but since there weren't any more reservations, they were okay not charging us, which I greatly appreciated. We then headed up to the roof deck, which was quiet upon our arrival (it was pretty much our own private deck) but they didn't mind. 
They broke out the games for us (corn hole and offered to get out giant Jenga and giant Connect Four but we passed on the latter two). They had to go all the way back downstairs to get the corn hole bags, and since there was no one manning the bar upstairs, they had to run up and down to get our drinks as well. We ended up staying about 90 minutes longer than we planned but the staff was extremely professional and we had their full attention. I guess in the grand scheme of things, this is how service "should be" but as everyone on Yelp knows, it's rarely ever the case. I was extremely happy with everything they did the whole night. Food quality is about what should be expected for bar food.
Mad Rex is down the street and tends to get busy, but this place blows  the nearby competition out of the water. It's smaller, more personable, and the roof deck is a great place to hang out. Plus, if I know I'm going to get such a great staff, I'd happily go here before anywhere else. 
Was it expensive? Yes, but I was happy to pay it for everything that we got that evening.I have no nice things to say about this place other than the DJs were decent. I had friends come from NY and DC for my birthday only for a table not be reserved and to revive poor service. We waited forever for our server who took out orders and about an hour later our food comes out all wrong and with cheese sauce on it. Cheese sauce is cool and all but the menu didn't say it came on the dishes. We sent the food back and then an our later more food comes out looking just unappetizing. At this point we had been drinking mimosas on an empty stomach and this place thought it would be smart to send complimentary shots. FAIL.
Only about 3 people out of the party of 8 ate food, which still could not be eaten because we had no silverware and syrup. It took 20 min to get plastic utensils. 
The crazy part to me is that the bill came with all the food we ordered but never received. After talking to the manager or whoever they took the food off but didn't offer to comp the bill for the total failure on their part. So we basically spent $40 for mimosas. And even with the mimosas we had to go up the bar and get refills.
Way to ruin a birthday!!!Golf & Social was closed this past Sunday, August 11th. I had reserved a table via Resy and on the Eventbrite website for Brunch at 1:30 for a group of 4. A few hours prior to our reservation, I received a confirmation text reminding me of the time, and number of people in my party. 
Once we arrived for our reservation at 1:30 pm, we saw that Golf & Social was closed for construction. NO where on the website or their social media, did they inform anyone that it would not be open that day. After my friends and I left, we saw many other groups disappointed to find out that Golf & Social was closed for construction and they too did not receive any notice.Horrible. I have been here twice and each time there was an issue. After having a 5pm reservation .. we didn't get seated until 6:45 .. and we had to stand waiting that whole time. Someone took our order while we were standing to help speed things up .. go figure. The food comes and here we go.. GUM.. GUMMMMMMMM, was left on our plate. Not like gum, as if the washer machine didn't get it off, but like someone took it out their mouths Nd our it on the plate. (NOT ONE OF US HAD GUM) You would think they would comp the bill for such a HORRIFIC mistake, far from it . They took that meal off as if it was someone little. Our food came with no utensils, and once asked .. the waitress came back with plastic forks stating "here this is all I have". This place just needs to eliminate food OFF their menu. The drinks were okay, and the music .. THANK GOD, saved the evening but they have some stepping up to do. The bathrooms didn't even have toilet tissue OR soap.. so tell me whose really washing this hands. Amen for hand sanitizerMy co workers and myself visit golf and social every Tuesday for taco Tuesday after work at 11:30am and Brianne is always so attentive and lively. She knows everyone's name and remembers all of our orders be it drinks or food. She makes all of us feel welcomed so early in the afternoon.The worst brunch experience period! I'm s huge chef milly fan so we gave this place a try and it was horrible good met with bad parking and inexperienced staff. The perfect storm on a Sunday... we couldn't even make it out and our waiter kept disappearing because so many people were complaining about his lack of service. The seafood Mac and cheese had no seafood .... never againThis place is honestly a joke! We made reservations for the downstairs but they made us go upstairs because the downstairs was filled( what's the point of a reservation?!) once seated we wait another 30min just to waited on. 20% Gratuity is already included in final bill which is annoying because the staff don't deserve shit. Flies flying around the place. Not really that clean. Chef Milly is the glue that holds this hell hole together he should honestly go to a better establishment. There was not even silverware on the table. And the $25 bottomless mimosas are a joke had to wait damn near an hour for them to arrive, not much time to drink. Everyone's food arrived before mine even people who came after me. If I could give this place zero stars I would. I don't know how they stay in business. I will definitely not be returning.If giving this ZERO stars were only possible. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!! The service was horrible!
We had reservations for 2:30pm waited over an hour to be seated, each time we asked about our table we got the same answer.. your table will be ready in 10 min.... ummm you said that 30min ago! 
Apparently there are only two sections for the party of my size (17) a lounge area and blue tables. The blue tables were reserved for a party at 3:30... but my reservation was for 2:30 I waited for an hour what makes the 3:30 reservation special(that's a different topic for a different day) so after being seated over an hour pass my reservation time I'm sitting on love seats and couches, I came for brunch am I suppose to eat waffles on my lap?? 
The waitress then tell us that brunch is over , ok where's the manager cause I came here for brunch- the manager allowed us to order off the brunch menu due to the wait. We put our order in no later than 10 min after we've been sitting- no need to waste any more time we've been here forever. Order mimosa's received those with no glasses... guess we have to drink out our hands.. it took a good 20 min before we received cups.
I checked my watch it is now 5:00 and still NO FOOD!.. the waitress then tell us our food will be out in 10 min the manager have 2 chefs working specifically on our order... ma'am no thank you we are leaving we've been here since 2:00 tell the manager to come talk to us outside because I refuse to stay here any longer. 
Needless to say I never saw the manager again, I tried to pay for the mimosa we ordered at the door, but the hostess told us to go... I will NEVER go back to this place again, it's super unorganized, business ethic is horrible, communication is pathetic, the manager walking around eating Mac and cheese without a care in the world.. smh Sometimes supporting your own is a headache. I will continue to go to DC or NY for an upbeat, urban brunch vibes cause this place is not it! SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.. GO SUPPORT ANOTHER BLACK BUSINESS!They have this really good day party on Sunday so if you are looking for a good time and not eat, this is the place to be. But if you want to eat and purchase drinks at a timely manner and have your order made correctly, I would suggest eating and drinking before coming hereI've been here before for an event on the roof which was wonderful. This time I dined in on the bottom floor. Overall great experience. 
The Apple Margarita was really good, it was sour, but the apple made it a good sour. The buffalo chicken egg rolls was great! The sweet chili (I think that's what they were) wings were really good as well.  Though the jerk oysters were good, I don't think I would get them again. Just not what I want on my oysters. My entree was the seafood egg roll bowl. Ummm It was good but I think I expected more flavor. They had the sweet chill sauce on the salmon that topped the bowl, but it wasn't throughout. My table mates has the ribs, lobster Mac, and Alfredo and they loved it! I am definitely coming back to try other items on their menu.I attended a brunch here on Sunday for my fiance's birthday.
Pros:
1. Rooftop is cute
2. Food was good and reasonable.  We had the shrimp and grits (shrimps a little salty) and the fried fish and grits.
3. A lot of staff was on hand
4. The hookah staff was dope and helpful
5. The music was good
6. Directly across from the casino
Cons:
1. With all the wait staff on hand it was impossible to get prompt service (weirdest thing ever). I have never in my life witnessed so many people walking around doing nothing. The hookah staff was way more helpful than the waitstaff. 
2. Our reservation was not in the system. Thank goodness I had a confirmation email. They overbooked and did not have tables ready.  We sat for 20 minutes at our table before anybody came over to ask us about an order.  We had hookah though. Thank goodness for hookah or we would have gotten up and left.
3.  We were told we could not go up to the roof because it was a private event. Come to find out it was no private event. Once seated on roof with our hookah we were content.
4. The shots of Hennessy were more like a drops of Hennessy.
5. While it is called Golf & Social we could not play golf. There was no tech on staff. Go figure!!!!
This place caters to a younger crowd so I do not think the staff or mgmt. cares about customer service. My advice, train your staff to interact and ensure that all staff members have the same information.I seen an ad for this on Instagram so I decided to give it a try. We attended the "Brunch & Boozy" Event on Sunday! The whole establishment is kind of RACHET. You can't hear anything over the loud behind music. So we had to keep asking the waitress to repeat herself. They gave my friend the wrong food! And then we had to continually ask for a to go box. Then we realized the server had an attitude! They charged me $16 for that basic ass meal! 1 Leggo Egoo and 4 Save A Lot Party wings is not worth what they are asking for!!!!! The food was very mediocre! The bouncer was too handsy with my friend !! Talking about he wanted to read her tattoo. Ok Sir, sooo you don't feel on a woman you don't know especially when her tattoo is close to her breast! #Wrong...Then we waited on the outside of the venue for my other friend to meet up with us. The other swollen bouncer came to the back door where we were standing there conversing. Just trying to figure out our next move! He says "What's up Ladies? Are y'all ok?. So we're like yes, we are fine. He's like ok because people stand out here when they don't want to pay the cover charge. So we're like what? We were already in there! He's like oh ok! I'm like did he just try to play us?? Like we couldn't afford to get into that hole in the wall establishment??? Like be for real with your Incredible Hulk looking ass! Maybe I would have been treated better if I was a big booty hoe! It's a HOLE In the wall establishment!!! Sorry I'm not into hookah, swollen bouncers, spandex, faux lashes and kiddie meals! Very Unprofessional!!! Save your money and your time! This place is A Joke, The workers are Rude and flat out Corny!!! Can't believe I went here to celebrate my bday! #WhackAssEstablishment #SorryNotSorryThe only way that I can justify give this place 1 star is because of our waiter Ken and Nina. The short version is the reservation wasn't acknowledged, our food took HOURS to come, we were given plasticware to eat with, the mimosas were not bottomless, the organization and professionalism was absent, but on the bright side the dj was good.  My best friend made a reservation via text that the staff had "no knowledge of" for a party of 18. We were eventually sat at a pool table (unconventional but we made it work) where the hostess told us "I don't know how many chairs there are but y'all should fit". We did not all fit and some of the party sat on bar stools. Our food came before our alleged bottomless mimosas. Our food took at least a hour however, 1/4 of the table did not receive their food for an additional hour and about 3 people did not receive their entire order. It also took an additional 10 mins to receive our "silverware". Our bottomless mimosas came in waves, 3 pitchers, then 4 pitchers and then when the final 3 pitchers came out we were informed the we would no longer receive individual pitchers but would need to share because there wasn't enough but was assured that they would be refilled, they were not. At multiple points I asked for a manager and the hostess sent over a bartender who's just asked "what do yall want me to do" with an attitude. In total it took about 2 hours for everyone to get their food and at least a glass or 2 of mimosas. By the time Nina came over she was very understanding and went over and beyond to rectify the situation the best she could. Nina and Ken are too good for this establishment.We came to NY for a birthday weekend and went here for brunch. Well avoid this is not the typical brunch vibe you expect music is low and the attitude from staff is 100% the service is severely lacking. I am from NY and receive way better service even at bad restaurants but hopefully things improve this place has alot of potential with the right people involved its unfortunate my service was severely lacking throughout my visit. Waitress never came to ask if we are okay we paid 25 for unlimited margaritas and we had to hunt her down  for a refill and got an attitude. This is not what it should be things need to be improved tremendously.I came here for a brunch for my sister's graduation in October 2019. It seemed like I was immediately bombarded at the entrance of Golf & Social which was a little worrisome as it was raining outside and I was trying to gather myself. They did not inform my sister at her time of booking that there would be a cover charge of $10 so I was not prepared for that. Thankfully, my sister was and was able to lend me cash. While trying to get her attention for the cash, the bouncer repeated himself over and over "$10 cover" until I finally asked him to hold on a second so I could have my sister hand over the money. We stood around quite a bit when I finally came in but I think that was because we didn't have a confirmed group size just yet so not their fault. When we did sit, the waitress immediately gave us menus and about 10 minutes later she began taking drink orders. The "bottomless" mimosas were $25 pp, this is not including any food or extras. They did have a nice line up for mimosa flavors such as orange, cranberry, pineapple, etc. then we ordered our food and they handed us a stack of Uno cards to play which was a nice touch. Our food came out maybe 45 minutes later. I ordered the omelette and home fries (posted TOGETHER on the menu) and the omelette turned out to be pretty good. It was literally the size of my head or bigger so it served as my breakfast the next day. Before our 2 hrs were up, we were informed that they ran out of champagne and our endless mimosas were over. A while after we began paying for the meal. This is when I come to realize they'd charged me an extra FOUR dollars for home fries on top of the 11 I paid for the omelette. That was definitely a bit annoying to me but I went with it to not cause anything. There was hookah available if that's your thing. My sister had a good time. Our waitress was amazing. The music was realllly good. I would go back, I'm just going to make sure I eat beforehand lol.Place is nice, drinks are good, they have hookahs. Vibes are good! 
The food and service is not where it should be. Food took about 1 1/2 just for some
Chicken and waffles. Chicken were extra hairy. I was so excited for the chicken and waffles, food wasn't hot enough. I ended up ordering something else.. i was so disappointed. 
I hope they speed up the process with food & drinks
And show some more customer service.I'll add detail below but here's the spark notes:
Highway robbery. The price of two hours plus two beers was $130. $90 for two, $12 for beers, then a 20% service charge for the "staff" plus tax. BRING YOUR OWN CLUBS. 
Thought this would be fun to do in the winter so went with my wife for a 2 hours (you pay by the hour not by the amount of holes you play) of virtual golf. The simulator room could have been a lot cleaner and more organized, but maybe I noticed it because it was slow. To my last point, it was slow but there was only one tech running the whole show. We had to search for someone to check in having no idea what to do ourselves. We knew we wouldn't order food having read the reviews and checked out the pricing. 
The underlying issue is that you are automatically assessed the 20% "service fee" as a tip for not only the food and drink, but the cost of the simulator time. We paid 40 bucks for two beers including tip, in my opinion.Disgusting restrooms! And they had the nerve to have a $10 cover charge! We were hoping to experience great food from Chef Milly (Hell's Kitchen)- as he was the guest chef but was unfortunately disappointed. Egg roll bowl had too much rice smothered with sriracha sauce, buffalo shrimp was warm & dry as if they had been sitting for a while waiting for the rest of our order, mussels were over cooked but it was plenty of them and the sauce wasn't bad... lobster Mac was cold and the 3 whole chicken wings were fresh from the oven and tasted ok. We sent the lobster Mac & egg roll bowl back. The female manager came over to investigate and appeared offended because she stated it was the 1st time that happened all night (food returned). She also stated they were kind of slow I guess insinuating the food was made with care and was not rushed. However we waited well over 30mins for our food. I gave them 2 stars because the music was good! *I will add that we noticed while there that Chef Milly had posted on his instagram account that he was looking for line cooks that were willing to grow. He also didn't appear to be in the best mood as he walked around the venue. I do believe it was the line cooks that wasn't living up to his reputation. He should probably move on to the next venue. My 2 scents...I've been to this place more than a handful of times to have a drink or two and play golf on the simulators. I recently booked a tee time on the simulator using their website but showed up and went upstairs to the golf area only to be told that there was a party going on and they don't know how I was able to book a tee time online! The party upstairs wasn't a golf league or anything and the simulators weren't even in use (7pm on a Tuesday). This place had potential but has gotten away from its identity as a place to go drink and eat and golf on the simulators with friends.What to do on a rainy day in Philly? Go play golf! And while you are at it you also grab a drink and some food! Great place for a casual outing! You will love it!I waited an hour for a salad that involved spinach, tomatoes and olives.  It should have taken 5 minutes to assemble it.  I asked for it to go and asked if there was salad dressing included.  They told me it was mixed into the salad.  It absolutely was not.  It was over priced, slow and poor quality.  I would not recommend this place for food.  Go to 7-Eleven around the corner for superior food quality, cleanliness, cost, and taste.I went here for what was advertised as an R & B chicken and waffle day party. My interpretation of a day party was a place with a dance floor... a party during the day time. I was confused about the set up as there was no dance floor and we had to purchase a ticket on-line. It was just a restaurant so why did I have to pay to enter a restaurant and then pay for the food. It is very small and there is/was no dancing. There was children present. There was a DJ plying music  The chicken was good however the waffles were ok.  We went up on the roof top but there was no music up there, which it would have been nice to hear music while sitting up there. Would I go back again....No!This place has the best shrimp tacos in the world and there only two dollars on Tuesday. Parking is convenient and the staff is great. Brianne was working the bar when I visited. She is super friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu.If you are actually going to this place for the golf, AVOID AT ALL COSTS. The simulators do not work properly. They have trackman units but they are not set up properly and they have major issues with the software.
This place has completely given up on the golf aspect of the business, so if you are interested in golf, go somewhere else. Complete wasteI ordered the chicken sandwich. It was good except that it didn't come with any of the condiments mentioned on the menu except for pickles, which were sweet instead of spicy like the menu said. Also, my fries were cold. In regards to the drinks, I ordered a rum and coke. It was probably 80% coke, 20% rum. The waitress was nice though.This place is joke... 1st the bouncer at the door was watching the basketball never saw us come in oh you had to pay him $10,00 to get in $20 f you did not have reservations. I reserved a table for a birthday and the table had to get cleaned  off that too long. We order drinks that took 35minutes they still did not get to us, no it was not crowded. just poor service all around.I will NEVER go back again. The service was absolutely horrible! The food was just as bad . I've never seen shrimp and grits that were so dry. It was literally a plate of grits, 4 shrimp that weren't season and soggy pepper popped on top. The waitress was completely unprofessional. Visibly high, never came up check on us. I ended up having to go find the manager myself after asking twice to speak to someone. We were told that we had to pay for our check before we got our food. It was all awful! Golf and Social has so much potential but lives up to none of it which is extremely unfortunate. I would not recommend that anyone patrons this establishment.So I had high hopes for this place being a good brunch spot but I was highly disappointed. My friends and waited for over an hour before a server came to address us. When the server did come she got our orders wrong 2x and then one plate came cold! It was just too much going on. Too many people, not enough servers and staff. Not to mention the workers moved slowed as hell. Our server would come then disappear for 30 minutes. I get the ambience they were tryna go for but it didn't come off well. I probably wouldn't recommend this place to anyway looking for quality service.1 star because 0 wasn't a option. Honestly my first experience there was mediocre but I let it slide my second inexcusable. My waitress the first time acted like I didn't exist, meal wasn't what I ordered, and the check out was a hassle to the point it almost was as if I was begging them to take my money. The second time the group I was with  booked a reservation and somehow it ended up NOT being booked therefore they tried to place us in a random corner with a "take it or leave it" type attitude and didn't even try to accommodate us for THEIR mistake obviously we left... The customer service is lacking don't waste your time.Read the reviews, this place is a joke.  Disrespectful , dirty, covid hot spot , Oh, and 7 people got shot here last night.
https://6abc.com/7-people-shot-in-fishtown;-4-in-critical-condition/10451626/Sunday Brunch: Wooo where do I begin? We came
For my friend's birthday as a party of 8 and....
1) Our table that we reserved wasn't available and we were told to sit upstairs with no music, no table, and no one was upstairs. Away from the atmosphere. We spoke to management and finally got sit in a booth 
2) We ordered our food and mimosas for unlimited brunch and the mimosas came. HOWEVER, the food was all wrong and cold. For the next 2 hours, we got all of the wrong orders. 5 out of 8 people cancelled their orders because the food took too long to come and the orders were all incorrect even with corrections
3) We were charged for our awful food. I'm also currently waiting for an order of wings that I ordered at 2pm with my original order and yet and still they're not here when I was promised to go
I understand the Sunday brunch just started but I shouldn't have to order hookah to have a perfect order. You can rectify hungry stomachs with a shot of peach schnapps! No no NO! This was one of the worst brunch experiences I've ever had. Alcohol couldn't save this.I found out about Golf & Social from a bunch of friends posting on Instagram and ever since then i've been dying to go! Since I was in the area for a friends birthday, I decided to stop by on a Sunday.
Ambiance: The restaurant area is pretty big, I didn't get to see the golf area but then again I knew about this place because of their brunch and music! My friends and I walked in around 12 noon and thought it would be packed. Little did we know is that people start pouring in around 2ish. We did get there early because the DJ was not there yet but they were already playing good music from the moment we stepped in. They have a pretty big bar space, they do sell hookah and they have an unlimited drinks option for brunch. I've searched far and wide for a brunch playing hip-hop and R&B ONLY and Golf & Social is one of the spots that does!
Food/Drinks : Now the menu has a lot of mouth watering options. I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of home fries and BOYYYY it was good. I also ordered a margarita and it was strong/good enough for my entire meal. The shrimp and grits did come with sausage, which I did not know until I got my meal so I gave it to someone else. All my friends loved their meals and we basically all got grits lol!
Price: Not pricey at all, affordable. 
Parking: They have a mini parking lot on the same block, free parking. If that's too full you can park on the street behind it.
Service: Our waiter was great and funny! He always went above and beyond for us and kept us updated. He also split our checks to make it easier.
Will be back for brunch :)Probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had going out. If I could give no stars, I would. It was one of my friend's birthdays and we chose Golf and Social to be the place we celebrate. Big mistake. She called before hand and reserved a table. There were about 20 people coming. We also had RSVP's ensuring us that women were free before 10:30. 
I arrived at 10pm. I approached the door man, and told him I had a RSVP and I was here for my friend's birthday. He very rudely dismissed me and told me that the cover was $20. I was confused to why he has an attitude. I gave him the $20 thinking maybe I got the time wrong and went to sit down. I pulled up the RSVP on my phone while sitting at the bar and low and behold, I was right the time was correct. 
I went back up to him and showed him the email. He then proceeded to tell me that that wasn't for my group (even tho I had the email handy as well). After 2 minutes of trying to explain this to him, he threw the money at me. I sat down and waited for the rest of my friend's to come. He then gave the next friend an attitude as well. She sat down and her girlfriend came in and he denied her entry for no reason at all. He pushed a party of 20 people away because he had some type of an attitude against a bunch of women trying to just enjoy a birthday. No one was rude to him. I will make sure I tell everyone I know never to go to this establishment. I've never been treated with such resentment for no reason in my life.Overall, Golf and social is a really fun place to be! The thing that bothers me the most though...EVERY SINGLE TIME you go there they have different policies. One week you each get a personal carafe for bottomless brunch the next week they say that they don't do personal carafes, they only do it when everyone is drinking the same thing. Food is good and vibe is good otherwise, just be ready to receive different service every time.WORST SERVICER EVER!!!! Me and my friend had a reservation for 2:15. We got there early maybe around 2 and we had to get our IDs checked by the security guy who was SO RUDE. He really acted as if he was doing us a favor by checking our ids ..but his energy was really unprofessional. A women comes out saying that the kitchen is backed up 40 mins and there is no seating at all upstairs. The whole
point of going to golf and social is sitting on the rooftop so I was extremely frustrated already. We get seated at 2:40 on the SIDEWALK on a table with uncomfortable chairs and NO UMBRELLA OR TYPE OF SHADE. We were so hot, they didn't come take our order until 3. The waitress says the drinks will come right away but the food would take 30 mins... which lets be real sounded like BS. We ordered chicken and waffles and sangria margaritas. The drinks come out right away and they were DISGUSTING way to strong and tasted like medicine ! We decided to just leave. We canceled our order and left. This experience was EXTREMELY disappointing as we were looking forward to finally being out of quarantine. And the security guard thought he ran the place and was trying to cater to a group of women that came way after me and a bunch of other people. Yelling out to the waiters like they mad come take their order now they didn't get drinks. As if we ALL weren't upset! Trying to get women who will never give him the time of day. Clown! This was the worst service ever I've ever experienced in life. HORRIBLE! This review is actually a 0 rating...Also it was Brunch clubPHL  throwing the Sunday brunch. We got the tickets on eventbrite. Their instagram @brunchclubphl_.ZERO STARS!
Badd from START to FINISH! 
What's most upsetting is that I rarely go out. So for the one time I decide to go out and do something and not have a good experience is just horrible!
So starting from the beginning. I made reservations for my group( Which was OBVIOUSLY a joke and a SCAM to SEEM like a "legitimate" business. Because NO ONE cared to see or even asked about having a reservation!) and NOWHERE on the site OR within the reservation did it say that there was a cover charge. YET, when we get to the door the RUDE bouncer is asking us for $20 a piece.(Which would have been a problem hand we had a good experience.)
So we're starting out the night with an unexpected cover charge and a rude bouncer!
But that's not the worst part! We go upstairs the top deck and I have to ask the person who guided us up there to CLEAN OFF our table. Because for whatever crazy reason. These people think that's not something that's supposed to be done prior to seating! 
- There's an huge umbrella sticking out of the table that nearly KNOCKS ME OUT because it's NOT stable and the wind is blowing like crazy up there!
- Our server(claims her name is Monica) voice was HOARSE. So she was obviously sick with something. Hopefully it wasn't the CORONA. Was extremely rude and unprofessional.
- Wound up going down stairs and ordering food, but wound up leaving before we could receive it. Due to waiting about an hour and we still hadn't been served(And we only ordered 2crab fries and 1 order of cheese steak rolls! So you know the crab meat is already cooked in the rolls are pre done. So you only droppin some fries, adding the crabmeat on top and heating up some rolls), our rude server not being able to tell us how much longer it would be, seeming bothered by the question and being to lazy to bring me some lemon for my water.( Which tasted like nasty tap water. So I couldn't even finish drinking it.) And just being fed up with the whole overall experience.
So now our night has consisted of an unexpected cover charge, rude bouncer, rude server, were hungry because we've been waiting for almost an hour for food and don't even know an approximate time of when it will be ready! And let me not forget how DISGUSTING the bathrooms were. DIRTY water all over the floor, DIRTY TOILET SEATS, people in their rollin up blunts! Just a GHETTO DIRTY NASTY MESS! There was no way I was going to use any of those stalls! I almost didn't even walk fully in given how dirty the floors were. And to make matters worse. One of the people in my group was told that the fee that they charged us is supposed to be for people who arrive after 9 o'clock. We arrived at 8:30 p.m. So we should have only been charged $10, NOT $20.( So on top of everything written above. You guys are STEALING from customers!)
Fast forward to us getting ready to leave. My friend gets the bill for our drinks. And notices that an automatic gratuity has been applied. Something else we WEREN'T expecting and is NOWHERE on the site. So my friend along with the rest of us is obviously upset about this since neither our server or this business deserves a tip! So we have her go get a manager to voice our concerns. Not just with the tip that's not deserved. But everything else we've experience and he DIDN'T care. And had an ATTITUDE JUST AS BAD as the server! So that explains why this business is soo disfunctional, unorganized, dirty, unprofessional and ghetto!
Even the owner who walked us out didn't give a s***!
SIDE NOTE:
My friend thought I left my clutch bag  on the table upstairs that our server had found. So she told our server to go ask me if it was mine( Since it looked like the one I had.) But she never did.(Luckily it wasn't.) So as safe to say not only are you guys STEALING MONEY AT THE DOOR from people by LYING about your entry cost! But you're STEALING PERSONAL PROPERTY from people!
They make their website and Instagram page look soo nice. When really there's NOTHING nice about it!
NEVER AGAIN!Not impressed with this place. Don't think I'll ever be back. Had the Sunday brunch. I ordered the salmon cakes and grits and French toast. Grits were stiff because they were cold. Cold grits are disgusting so needless to say they didn't get eaten. Salmon cakes were ehhhh. French toast was good.  This place is basic and not sure why people like it. The view is ok, not the best. All in all it's below average food with ok service. Go somewhere else.The only good thing was the music, vibe & scenery. Food took forever & came out cold! The quality was horrible & tasted like a corner store platter! The wait wouldn't have been a problem if the food was worth it. Service was horrible, waitress had no patience when ordering & appeared to have a bit of an attitude. Let's not forget that there was a $20.00 cover charge on a Sunday at 4pm! Totally not worth the price to get in for the bad quality of food & service!This place was a mess. Attempted to eat here a month ago with my friends after making reservations. Place was not ready to seat people at their reservation times. Poor management. Was told that the food was not ready yet. Made us wait in the cold while the staff sat inside and smoked hookah while claiming that they were having "a staff meeting." The host was unprofessional and kept walking away when asked questions. Seems very unaware about what was going on. I only wanted to come because I love Chef Milly's food. However, after the long wait, it's not worth it. My friends and I dipped out and went somewhere else. I refuse for my time to be played with. The place seems poorly run. Good luck getting to a seat!!This place was real chill. I ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese, crab fries and cheesesteak rolls.  All the food was good and big enough to share with another person. The lobster Mac and cheese comes with a fried lobster tail on top and bits of lobster meat sprinkled on top. 
The drinks were very good and strong.  The strawberry Hennessy drink was good but a lot had a a lot of syrup in it. There was a lunch that was very good. My suggestion would be to come during happy hour. We came a bit before happy hour ended and sat on the rooftop where the DJ kept the energy alive.