My absolute favorite cafe in the city. Their black and white latte is probably the best I've ever had (not too sweet and just the right amount of foam), soups are always really good (even for non-soup people) and there's just a lot of space to do work. The noise level is perfect, the music is at a perfect level, and I always enjoy when patrons bring their dogs. I'll keep giving them my business for as long as I can.Great vegetarian and organic menu, friendly and helpful staff and delicious coffee! I'm definitely coming backDecent place to study, work and what have you. Awesome, friendly and smiley staff. Moderately priced cafe fare. Ample tables and outlets. Hands down one of my fav cafes in Philly.This was the first coffee shop I visited in Philly (trying to branch out from Starbucks) and I wasn't disappointed!
The atmosphere is my favorite! There is plenty of room and plenty of tables to sip your coffee or pull out books to study (they offer free wifi). The shrubbery at the front of the door adds to the charm and makes you feel like it is a secret spot (haha). As a plus, the bathrooms are also very nice and clean!
The staff is super great ! Quick to take orders and whip them up.  I saw them walking around cleaning multiple times.
I ordered a pumpkin spice latte with almond milk.  It was very good! It didn't have a strong pumpkin flavor with lots of spice which some people don't like. A little pricey in my opinion around $5 for a small but that's usually how much lattes are anyways elsewhere.  
All in all, I really enjoyed Good Karma and can't wait to go back, grab a coffee and study!No loud college-bro music. Good food and coffee. These guys get it.  I only wish the floor in the back area was quieter, but they do everything else great.Good coffee, lovely space, friendly employees and open at 7 am on a Sunday!  Couldn't have asked for more.We love this spot for a great cup of coffee or a specialty drink. It's got a casual and inviting atmosphere and is great to meet friends or hang out and read. I've had a few business meetings here too. They take attention with little details like having a cup at the service station to pour off that extra coffee when you want more cream (how many times do you see people pour coffee in the trash at Starbucks!?) this attention to detail and service carries through the shop. And the shop is so spacious you don't feel crowded like at some places. 
Definitely worth checking out if you haven't.I've only been here once so far, but I enjoyed it!  It was packed when we were here but we were able to sit outside (which was preferable anyway, since the weather was beautiful!).  I took the crowds as a sign that the coffee was good, and I was right (way to go, Carissa!).
I find that many places that have fancy coffee make it look and taste way too dark.  The iced caramel coffee here was noticeably caffeinated, but didn't taste too strong and acidic, so that was a real treat.  I also appreciated the offering of vegan options in food and drinks.  
Really nothing negative to say here!  Someday I shall try some other foods/drinks, but for now at least, I'm a fan.This is a great place to study or read the paper, but especially on weekends you have to get there by 9 or 10 AM at the latest if you want to actually get a spot. There are large tables to spread your things out on, plenty of outlets, and good wireless. They're also open until 10, which is very, very late for a neighborhood coffee shop and much appreciated.  It's NOT a great place to have a casual conversation because most of its patrons seem to think it's a public library and will shoot you dirty looks.  The coffee and food are decent--not great--and reasonably priced, and the staff is friendly.At the top of my Christmas list this year is that someone would open a huge, friendly coffeehouse near my house with WiFi and plenty of outlets and a lot of room. It hasn't happened yet but someone opened one up in Washington West which is totally not fair since Good Karma is an easy walk from the awesomeness of Chapterhouse.
I'll forestall my bitterness for now and just be glad that I can stop walking a whole two blocks than before if I really must be at a coffeehouse that much sooner. Good Karma is BIG and bright and has a lot of outlets and WiFi. There's a large selection of baked good and drinks other than coffee and tea. That's cool. They have two nice bathrooms, too, and no one bothers you and they're open late. Could this be coffeehouse love?
The downsides are the food's not great. There's a sign telling you not to bring food from elsewhere which I must respect but I must admit to being a little sad inside when I have to bite into one of their moist, overly eggy scones knowing there are great ones out there made by our own Metropolitan Bakery. The coffee's fine, as far as a brew is concerned but as a fellow Yelper said, the lattes leave much to be desired. They're confused as to what makes a latte and what makes a cappuccino. I ordered one once and none since. 
But what can I say. I'll take the bad scones and indifferent coffee drinks for the genuine friendliness of the place and my face is as green as their mugs when I think about how spoiled that neighborhood is while my part of town is totally bereft of coffeehouse awesomeness.
Oh, cash only though there's an expensive ATM on the premises.This is one of my favorite coffee shops to get work done at. They have free wifi, plenty of seating, and play indie music on low volume. Good Karma also has an outdoor oasis in the back which it seems not many know about. Wouldn't say this is the place for coffee connoisseurs because I don't think they roast or brew their own coffee. However drinks are solidly delicious and unique. And ambiance is very chill.I'll start by saying that I'm not a coffee buff, but I certainly enjoy a nice cup of coffee. I have to say that I wasn't wowed by the cafe mocha or the Americano that I've had from there, but I'd still go back to grab & go, because it's in my neighborhood.
Grab and go is the way to go, in my opinion. Last time I stopped in, there were at least two dogs sitting obediently by their owners, who were on their laptops. And it was pretty full. I was never really the type to linger in a coffee shop alone, though.
I noticed the set of rules posted by the milk and sugar - they really made me feel welcome. Very inviting set of rules. Appreciative of their customers they are.First: This place is a solid place to get some work done. Big tables allow you to spread out and the internet connection is good despite the place being full. I also like how spacious it is. 
Second: The service is good...when you're there. There was one Saturday morning when I called hoping to just order a grab and go before a morning tee time and the girl who picked up said they don't do takeout orders on the weekends. Before I could ask if she meant over the phone or at all (walking there and ordering was still an option for me), she had already hung up. Didn't even say bye so I kind of just kept talking until the line went dead (oops). 
Third: The food is serviceable, I guess. I don't think most people go here for dinner plans but eat when they're hungry in the middle of getting some work done. For that reason, it's a solid food place. I typically have the bagel and lox, though, hard to screw that up. The fiance had a salad with chicken and it was below average, if not poor and the food did take awhile. Two or three parties who ordered after us got their food before us.
Points for: Good place to get work done: big tables, a lot of room to work. Coffee
No points: SaladsThis review is for the newly opened second location on Pine Street between 9th and 10th street.  i stopped in this morning to check out the coffee here.  The cafe options for good coffee are sparse between the Washington Square neighborhood and center city (and I had grown tired of looking at the empty Ethnics space), the Good Karma Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  
I ordered an iced coffee - its good to know they come in two sizes - 16 and 20 oz, along with a shot of espresso (at no additional charge), and that they also carry soy milk.  I decided to sit down with a magazine and my coffee and take in the atmosphere of the new space- its very open and still feels a bit empty- somewhat lacking the cozy atmosphere that makes a cafe seem so inviting.  I went to take a seat in the side room towards the back of the space, but the air felt a bit stuffy there so moved towards the front.  The music added a nice chilled out vibe, and the large paintings added some color to the otherwise white walls.  
The space up front near the counter is a bit barren, with the exception of two not-so-pretty drink coolers- it would be nice to see more tables here, or a counter with some stools.  There is also an atm inside, nice I suppose if you need a bit of extra cash (not sure if the cafe takes cards)...however, it would be nicer if the sound on the machine could be turned off- it beeps loudly every time a button is pressed- kind of distracting if you are reading or studying. Additionally, with the size of the space, before they opened, I was expecting more of a cafe- the kind that serves soups and sandwiches, in addition to coffee, tea etc., maybe this will happen eventually?  It would really be nice to have a quick sandwich/snack option in the neighborhood.
All things aside, I know they've only been open for about a week and a half and are still getting used to the new space, so I'll definitely return.One of my favorites. I used to love coming here to get work done or even read. Big windows, lots of tables, annd outlets galore. The coffee was good. The drinks Ive tried have always been delicious. The ambiance - just perfect. Loved sitting here at night - bright lights, big tables, just the right background music. Open till 10 pm. Plus less crowded in the evening hours.
 I love my coffee shops and this is def one of them.This is the perfect place to study! There are tons of tables, and some outlets (come with devices charged just in case you can't sit by one!) Good Karma always has seasonal specials like the iced lavender latte I have had twice this week. They also now take credit cards, so I will be coming back even more.Hands down one of my favorite places to sit and do work. Good coffee and friendly baristas, large space with plenty of tables and outdoor seating.  $3 bottomless coffee is worth it during finals week when you need a place to study all day! There's always great artwork and the atmosphere is just right.Good Karma is a nice spot, and conveniently located (on the way to PATCO for me), so I stop by frequently. The coffee is good, if not great, but you get a lot of customization options to make something you'll definitely enjoy. Though most of the baked goods here are the pre-packaged variety, Good Karma definitely gets points on the food front for its bagels, which you can order with anything from hummus to salmon to eggs. 
The other selling point of the location is its spaciousness. The layout of tables makes it a near certainty that you'll find a spot to sit, so if you're looking for a place to read or check your email, Good Karma has you covered.
The final point in favor is the underused backyard seating. I had one particular breakfast back there on a beautiful day that was very memorable.I've been to Good Karma twice and I've had a great experience both times. Great coffee and plenty of seating... it's the perfect spot to study or get work done because it's typically pretty quiet.I never realized how close I am to this amazing spot!
I wandered in one morning and discovered what I've been missing. Cheap, tasty bagel sandwiches; good coffee & lots of tables. (If you're going to eat in check that there's a spot open before you pay, because I was lucky to find a table!)
Good, quiet & calm atmosphere for studying/reading and everyone I encountered seemed friendly!
I will definitely be back!Hands down my favorite cafe in Philly. There is lots of natural light, free wifi, good table sizes, plenty of outlets, and $3 bottomless cups of coffee (and free soy milk!). It's the perfect work / study, and I'm always super productive when I come here.
The iced sundew green tea is delicious and refreshing -- perfect summer drink. Their soups are very good, as are the bagel sandwiches. I can't help but be in a good mood whenever I come to Good Karma cafe :)Pleasant way for me to spend time in the morning if I have room to kill before getting into work. A small coffee is $2.16 including tax and is strong and hot.
I like the set up with an ample area for people to customize their drinks with whatever milk preference they have.  Strong wifi - password info is located in the area with the straws and milk.
Plenty of tables for people to sit and relax. I love that they keep a dog bowl on the steps outside for our furry friends.Awesome staff, good vibe. They all work hard and at a fast place i can't complain and its pet friendly!Simply the best hot chocolate I have ever had! Relaxed atmosphere.  Perfect spot to chat with a friend and share warm drinks on a cold day.This cafe was one of the reasons I moved to Philly. Cozy, great coffee, stellar sandwiches and soups - really friendly staff. Plus: later than your average-cup-of-joe-place hours! Anything coconut is excellent. Colonel Mustard (sandwich) is a must try. I've also gone on date here before so, you know, it's a good meeting place tooI love this place, plenty of seating, good food and drinks and wi-fi!!!Great neighborhood coffee spot. There are a few locations in the city. Takes a little while to get your drinks and food so if you're in a rush, be warned. Everything I've had here is really good though and it's a fun little environment. Get there early if you're looking for a table. It's stacked with people on their laptops on the weekends though. I wish they would section off a spot for 'working folks', otherwise plan on getting it to go or sit outside if it's nice.i pass by here every day on my way to work, and i try to stop in as much as i can, but there's one problem: i almost never carry cash.
yes, Good Karma is a great coffee house. the coffee is pleasant (though a little on the expensive side - a small is $2, i'm used to closer to $1.50 for drip), not Starbucks burnt, and the baked goods are sometimes vegan and always yummy. the staff is low key and really friendly. the interior itself is huge - several rooms - which means that you're not wanting for table space. they also have a nice outdoor seating area and a dog bowl of water for thirsty pups. 
but there is one drawback: cash only. it is the one factor that has me going to the Starbucks three blocks away more often than not because of that. i get why a business would be cash only - i'm sure there are many factors - but c'mon, it's 2011. no one really carries cash any more.I love this place for its delicious specialty coffee, music, and bright lighting.Nice place to refuel and soak up some good karma on the walk from the Italian Market to the Reading Terminal Market. Saturday morning adventures. This is not a chain, it doesn't look like anywhere else! we sat outside in back and listened to the sound of the fountain. Pretty nice and good coffeeWe ordered hot chocolate and the one of the current seasonal drinks, apple cider. The apple cider was absolutely amazing! We went back for a second one.I really wanted to like this place, but when you hand my a soy cappucino (litterally ALL FOAM) when I order a latte, we have a seriously problem here. Did I mention the fact that the espresso was literally ON FIRE hot? oh I didn't? well it was. and that made me quite sad. I have always been curious about the good karma up on 22nd, passing it constantly when driving over to see the West Philly folks. I've never had reason to stop because I was always headed somewhere, however, when this one opening up so close to my house, it was clear I could take it in for consideration. 
I stopped by on a walk with my dog and bf. They let me bring the dog in- massive props. The space is really lovely. It's got great high ceilings, lots of sitting room, (but all tables and chairs like a cafeteria, no cushy seating) They are open late, which is nice, but still, it's just not quite what I'm looking for. If I leave my house and walk south instead of north, I end up at Chapterhouse, and while GK is certainly nice, I also need my beverage to be on par with the aesthetics of the place, and at least at my first visit, it was not. It burnt my mouth and was 3/4 foam and 1/4 espresso and not a latte in any form of the word. 
I'm sure we'll try it again and at that point, I'll give it a second chance and second review, but for right now it would be my last choice for a coffee fix. Sorry guys.This place is really nice and they have two small tables outside, which is nice. We ordered a latte and lox bagel sandwich. Latte was really good, but lox sandwich had two small pieces of smoked salmon and invaded by tomatoes, which is not the way it should be. Thats why 3 stars.Awesome space with a cool vibe, friendly service, wide selection and reasonable prices? I'll take it. My frappuccino had WAY too much sugar and they have few savory snacks(why?), but everything else is fine. Will come back. :-)
Check out the back area with the minifountain and the peach tree. Def worth a try. Love the art on the walls. Hurray for a GREAT coffee spot.Open late, tons of tables, good food & coffee, they take credit cards, have an ATM...It's the prefect coffee shop. Wish they had one here in south Philly just like itI'm SO excited about their new vegan items. Good Karma now offers food made by Vegan Commissary including cookies, muffins scones, salads, and tofu scramble. The tofu scramble is really really good. They also now offer two flavors of Tofutti cream cheese; plain and herb. I will definitely be spending a lot more time here.As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the best cafés in Philly. Plenty of space to work, great coffee, great food, and a really chill atmosphere. Even though I live on the other side of town I come out here all the time to work or just hang out. My favorite is the Lavender Latté!This cafe is a great place to study or get some work done. First of all, you can buy a $3 bottomless cup of coffee which is great if you're going to stick around for a while. I only get the dark roast, and it is tasty. I've also had the espresso drinks which are also great. Last summer they had lavender lemonade which was amazing! Next time I go (when I'm not in desperate need of caffeine like I usually am), I'll see if they have it again this year.
It has a nice outdoor area in the back that I didn't discover until a couple months ago. The few tables out there that get some nice sun during the day. There's ample room to sit indoors, too, and a decent number of outlets. This location is much bigger than the Good Karma by Rittenhouse, so if you want to go to one of them on the weekend, you're more likely to find a seat here. Overall a great place!Keeping up with the good karma, I come here to enjoy a daily cup of coffee with my girlfriend. Its a great little spot you can sit down and have a hot cup of joe. The service is quick, and the coffee is awesome.They allow dogs in line (just not to stay) so it's a win in my book! Good coffee and nice staff.It's open late!! (Well, relative to other Philly cafes.) That alone is worth two stars.
And there are a ton of tables to work at.
And it's a calm, lovely environment that's nice and spacious. I prefer the decor/feel of the 22nd St location a bit more (it's more homey, cozy), but this one does the job. Now if only I lived closer to this cafe.I really like this place. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. It's nice that you can bring dogs in there, too. Four star dishes, different exotic fishes (in their awesome salt water tank).Hard to rate a place like this.  It's PERFECT for what it is: a place to caffeinate, keep your energy and focus high, and get your work done.  They're not trying to be a cozy corner coffee shop where people gather in cushioned chairs and chat for hours.  This is a place of business. 
Many coffee shops don't have enough table space for laptops, coffee, and books.  Many coffee shops don't have enough outlets to conveniently plug in.  Good Karma covers all of those bases AND plays good music.  
I just wish they had a few more food options so I never have to leave.  :-)This place treats me like I'm homeless.  I came into the cafe to meet my mom for breakfast. She met me at my table and we were exchanging mail and discussing what to get.  One of the workers came over and informed us that we'd have to order something, that tables are only for paying customers.  Ummm yes, can we take our coats off? 
Their coffee is ok-not great.  But they have lots of tables and plenty of room to spread out and study which is a huge plus.  I also like that they're open until 10.While I have my go-to in the neighborhood for coffee and baked goods, I decided to try Good Karma since I had heard so many great things about it and wanted to see if it lived up to its rave reviews.  It sure did.  I settled on a blueberry muffin and pumpkin spice latte--they are the only coffee shop I have been to thus far who offers pumpkin spice flavoring all year round, so they get major props in my book!  What's more, for the entirety of the time I was there, I felt as if I were surrounded by good karma, especially since, Julius, one of the friendly baristas, made conversation with me!  I assured him that I would make it a point to come back for an upcoming live music performance, and I really hope I can!Great place to study. There is a ton of space and many tables of different sizes. The coffee is good although seems expensive for the quality. Downfall is that it is cash only.I love this place. This is one of my go-to coffee shops to get work done even though it is almost a mile walk from home and there are plenty of other coffee shops that are closer to me. There are plenty of tables (square tables so good for laptops), free WiFi, and lots of people on laptops -- my kind of place. A lot of med students and people on laptops camp out here all day, which can be kind of annoying when trying to find a seat at a busy time, but I'm one of those people too (I stay for 2 hours tops) so I can't complain. The coffee is great and there are a ton of non-coffee items to choose from if you're not into caffeine. They also have a pretty good and inexpensive food menu as well, but I have only eaten here a couple of times so I can't say much about the food.Good Karma cafe is one of my favorite coffee shops in Philadelphia. They have multiple locations and all have delicious, carefully sourced coffee. They usually serve a light medium and dark roast! Most locations have lots of seating and have no problems if you want to sit for a while and work. They also have a good selection of bagels and pastries. Highly recommend.I've been coming here for years.  There are so many things about this coffee shop that keep me coming back that it's tough to pin point it's best feature.   I typically wander in the doors on weekend mornings to get a few hours of studying in, but I have been during the week and it seems to be much more busy.   The customers range from small book clubs, normal people grabbin a quick coffee to Jeff med students grinding away.  
I typically sit at a large table in the back although sometimes it's too busy and I'm stuck at a small table (I like to spread things out).  The highlight of coming to good karma is that they have bottomless coffee for just $3.87 with tax.  you're tellin me that I'm able to slam about 5 cups in 5 hours for just under $4?  Sold.  The rest of the stuff on the menu looks really good although it's a little pricey for what it is.  
2 complaints I have are that the fish tank has new members every time I go in...  Like one day Nemo had been found swimming freely and the next day there's a couple shrimp chillin on his rock bottom carcass.  They clearly can't run a tank.  The other one being that in the summer sometimes they just open the doors and windows and it's like 85 degrees in there. That plus my steaming coffee give me the hot flash feeling that God never intended for me to experience.   
Regardless of my small pet peeves being violated, Good Karma is good and I hope the fish tank karma doesn't catch up to them.Oh Philly, I miss you and your indifferent baristas. I promised my niece that we'd go out for coffee when I was visiting, and we decided to hit the city. This place is open late on weekends, so we grabbed some cookies and coffee and settled in to talk about college and internships. It wasn't crowded--just a few folks with laptops. 
The space is pretty big, with plenty of room to work or socialize. The coffee is fine. The pastries are fine. And that's really all there is to say.I come this place often because it's open until 10 p.m.
it's also great that they have soy milk for coffee. 
They have nice big tables too. (sometimes they are reserved though) 
Even though I have never able to finish a cup of their coffee... and their foods are not great either.
It's still great cafe considering the concept of cafe and ignore the coffee quality, because the staffs are friendly, they have big tables, and always paintings on walls. 
Yes, great place for het finish works. 
I will go different cafe for good coffee, and will come here for good space and good karma.Good coffee for sure. Ordered a couple breakfast sandwiches that were sub par, not much egg or meat as half the sandwich was empty. Better to get the croissant and make the egg at home. However wonderful atmosphere, free wifi, and relaxing vibe. Just stick to the pastries and enjoy! Yum yumOne thing that I like about this place is that it is large. Even with 25 to 30 tables, there is plenty of room at the counter to place your order. Well lit. The coffee tasted excellent.They have the good bagels from 3rd St., the coffee is good, and it's directly across the street from me.  Win, win, win.  But I would be willing to walk at least 4-5 blocks for the bagels alone.  Good Karma has been good to me.Food - I didn't try it, but all the baked goods definitely looked great. There also seems to be a good amount of food options for people who want to spend the day there and be productive, but not starve while ODing on caffeine. 
Drinks - 2 stars - Soy latte had a distinctly synthetic soy taste for some reason. The infamous lavender latte was not my cup of coffee, and my friend didn't like it either.
Service - 4 stars - The staff is very accommodating. My friend didn't like the lavender latte, and they gave her a refund and replaced her drink for whatever she wanted. However, the one thing that got me is that I specifically asked for a SOY mocha latte, but was served milk latte. Because of the syrup, I didn't realize the difference till I was halfway done and got a terrible stomach ache. Again, they replaced my latte free of charge (but at the cost of my stomach growling ferociously.)
Environment - 4 stars - very conducive to studying. Great vibe for people who want to be inspired to get some work done. Just get there early enough though, because tables are all usually taken by dedicated students by around 10-11AM, for the rest of the day.Just spent the afternoon at this place never having been here before. What a great place! On the inside the room is spacious with lots of seats. There is also an outdoor patio which is great for conversations. I didn't eat or drink much although there were plenty of choices but mostly impressed with the atmosphere. Vibrant spot with lots of folks on laptops getting work or school done.I stopped by this little shop before a walk on to the Italian market. Set just off the Pine and 10th, it's in a nice neighborhood to go through a stroll in. It's large, but quiet. Perfect for those who looking for a quiet place to study or work. I had the Dandy Lion a green tea, blueberry, lemonade drink of sweetness. I'd stop in again for drink and food, or just to duck in from the soon to be summer heat.I'm surprised I never did a review for Good Karma cafe though I've visited several times and never had a horrible experience.
Good Karma Cafe is a beautiful cafe located on 10th and Pine, the perfect spot for people watching either outside where they have cute iron tablets or inside which is insanely spacious for a coffee/tea shop. The decors are stunning with plants hanging around and it's also eco friendly with recyclable cups and Earth conscious straws. 
The food and coffee/tea board has a variety to choose from, even for its pickiest customer and a barista is always at the front to greet you, even giving you their recommendations if asked. I purchased a large soy chai latte with a honey/cinnamon twist to it and it was lovely! 
It does tend to get full and busy so if you're looking to settle down, please make sure to purchase a few drinks to support this independent business and not simply order one drink and take advantage of this beautiful environment.I can only comment on the iced coffee because that's all we ordered but it was pretty awesome. It COMES with a shot of espresso in it, which is even better! A real cute space on a quiet street and their hours are great for students who need a space to work late. They sell some unique drinks and some yummy looking baked goods as well. Plus, the coffee is organic and fair-trade, which is a plus.Can't go wrong with $3 bottomless coffee! When it's not overwhelmingly packed, it's very spacious and comfortable to spend hours doing work. 
For lunch I get the chicken with greek goddess dressing. Absolutely yummy. I'm looking forward to trying other types of coffees next time I'm just stopping  by.A friend and I stumbled upon this cafe when looking for something cold to drink. The spicy ginger iced chai was fantastic and the vibe was great. There was tons of seating and lots of low-key, friendly people there.
I would have liked to see some better baked goods and snacks, but the drinks were tasty. I would go back.I just would like to say that I love the fact that the music is awesome. And I love the new addition to the crew Shane!!!!! Thanks for everything.Who wouldn't want to start the day off with Good Karma!? This is such a cute café. I have been here a few times in the morning for coffee to go but I'm so temped to stay an enjoy it in the cute cozy setting. There's a lot of seating and it's a cute atmosphere. 
Don't forget to bring $ because it's cash only!Relaxing, kick back place for coffee, friends or not! Love the Patio area with a calming water fountain. Great choices for Vegan Menu!I found out about this place when my company had an event there and it's a great little coffee shop. Great lighting & lots of space so you don't get that cramped feeling like alot of other coffee shops. And the coffee drinks are amazing from the highest end latte to the basic cream & sugar. Stop in and warm up!Finally!  A great place to go get coffee off antique row! If I had to suffer through one more surly cappuccino at The Last Resort--I mean 'Drop,' I was gonna give up my coffee habit for good.
As someone who uses cafes as his office, Good Karma 2 is perfect for me. They have beautiful teak tables that offer plenty of working surface, and the room is spacious enough where you're not crammed inches from the person next to you. The vibe can be studious, with local med students tappity tapping away on their laptops, or just as often it's populated with friendly neighborhood peeps, their strollers and their puppies.
They use Equal Exchange coffee, which always makes me feel good--knowing my beans weren't picked by exploited toddlers in Sumatra. The staff is always super sweet, and quick on the draw. They have dog treats, free WiFi and even offer to receive packages for the neighbors--just spreading the Good Karma around. 
It's hard to believe that this charming residential neighborhood that's close to so many hot Philly destinations has gone so long without a quality coffee house. Whether you need a study space, a study break, or just a caffeination oasis, Good Karma will help you achieve nirvana.This coffee shop is SO convenient! That's pretty much the only thing it has going for it. I mean, whip cream usually fixes any problem, but there was just nothing the whip cream could do to save this hot chocolate. Whomp Whomp.I don't hang out in this neighborhood too often, but made it to this Good Karma for book club.  It's a lot bigger than the one in Fitler Square.  I went with a hot chocolate because it was too late for coffee.  It was good, nothing special.  There's a lot of seating in the back.  I felt like we were getting some dirty looks from a few studiers because of the volume level, but we were discussing a book, and it's not a library.Good Karma is the ultimate place for studying and sipping the brown stimulant. I'm a little nervous to give such a high rating to avoid popularity and table shortages, BUT I have never been disappointed with customer service, WiFi service, and food options. I recommend the soups, as they are served in hearty portions with a crusty roll. The Senegalese Chicken and Mulligatawny are my favorites.
For those with dogs (and apparently those with bunnies), this location is pet-friendly. Good Karma is cash-only, although they have an ATM on location. Some tables are slightly uneven, so pick up a little plastic wedge by the creamers.I stopped in on a whim while walking along Antique Row. Was starving for a quick, healthy bite and found it here! Loved their spinach salad with sesame dressing. 
I was in a rush but it seemed like the perfect spot to sit with a laptop or book for a couple of hours. Lots of space and friendly staff. Many great songs played including Jolene by Ray Lamontagne :)
Happy to find this cheerful little spot on my brief stint in Philly!after a crazybusyfuuunnn thanksgiving weekend, i finally caught up on my zzzzz's sunday morning as i woke up around noon and didn't motivate off of my friend's couch until well past 2pm. by that time, nausea had turned to hunger, and my belly needed food...my head needed coffee.
seeing as it was a chilly day, the belly was fed a piping hot bowl of tomato basil soup with rice. it came served in a giant bowl along with a sizable slice of sourdough bread, which i used to sop up every last drop of the soup. if you see this on the menu - get it!
along with my hot soup, i enjoyed a hot coffee. (i repeat: chilly day.) no fancy latte or cappuccino for my hurtin head....just a straight up cup o' joe. i had the medium roast (nice that they offer this along with light & dark roasts) with vanilla soy milk (just ask, they keep it behind the counter) and it was simply lovely. bonus points for being fair trade.
for some reason i was expecting a dark nook of a cafe and was pleasantly surprised to walk into such an airy, well-lit and spacious....space. tho nearly every table was full, it didn't feel crowded. no barking dogs or unruly children (or parents). if my vagabond lifestyle leads me to waking up in this 'hood again, i'll surely be back.They take credit card with no limit. Cool spot to hang out. Different vibes than the other one at Fitler Square. Much larger, tons of seating, and a few outlets around the room. Tends to run a little more loud than other shops, but good spot to get work done. Small selection of sandwiches and good fair trade coffee.Friendly enough service. Cold AC. Overly syruped and unremarkable coffee beverage. Flavorless sandwich extremely sparse on the ingredients. No interest in returning.  Meh.Free wi-fi, although there is plenty of seating, it gets crowded! I witnessed a party of two leaving because there was no place to sit. They have outside seating which is perfect on a nice day! I held a book club meeting here and it worked out well because only two members showed up! Great menu slection. The prices are typical coffee shop prices, although the cold beverages are overpriced, in my opinion.Such a great place to study! I really enjoy their organic brew and there's a decent amount of seating available if you come at a good time (maybe before noon?). There are a few outlets available but not at every table so I'd come with my devices charged just in case. They also stay open fairly late which is a huge bonus!!We stumbled on this coffee shop while at the Doubletree next door. Had bagel sandwiches which were good. Iced coffee was excellent.  The weekend staff was very friendly! Will definitely come back when visiting.It was the best place to study that I had gone, until I realized that the interest of them is only that people consume their products throughout the day, no matter show it openly. Remember explained to customers who enjoy their tables have to necessarily consume their products, is not nice. Obviously the customer who wants to invest their time to study or spend a long time there always want to buy something.Ive literally walked by this place a dozen or so times within the past 3 months and never stopped to notice. The space is pretty large and offers plenty of table seating for staying or in our case Book Club meeting YELP style.Though I came to discuss mythical creatures and "gods" from our book choice the hot beverages and baked goods took over my senses and i decided on a Med size organic chai tea latte. They offer two different types of chai vanilla and ginger. I decided in vanilla since i was looking to grab up something sweet. I had my eye on a biscotti and added to my order. The biscotti rang in at 2.50 seriously ?!? i requested to switch my snack choice to a slice of lemon cake since they were also 2.50 
My chai was perfectly blended and had just the right amount of foam for my liking. The cake was moist and have a thick layer of icing it wasn't homemade tasting very similar to the lemon loaf cake I've have from other coffee houses in the city. 
If in the area and in need of a hot beverage to keep me going i would come here for sure. My only beef was the overpriced biscotti and i would like to see a couch or two just to have somewhere comfy to sit.
Most drinks are offered S, M , L and they offer soy milk 
They have plenty of vegan delights as well 
Its CASH ONLY so don't think about swiping that debit cardGreat place to grab a coffee and study. There's a constant buzz of conversation and music that is strangely helpful for keeping you in the working/studying mood.
Not a fan of the fact that they don't allow outside food, but, hey, such is life.Stop in here from time to time for a number of years. Place has a nice cool vibe. Today the young lady behind the counter was full of Bad Karma. I simply ordered a small coffee to go. The coffee was warm/hot, so I nicely asked if there was fresher/hotter coffee. She said there was, and refilled my cup - and gave it back with just a nasty look. It's so unfortunate when one inappropriate employee can effect a small businesses revenue and reputation.Review for the coffee only-
Their regular brew is really good, the flavor is strong enough for to be bitter. And I received a cup sleeve for redeeming a FREE COFFEE AT ANY SIZE for my next visit. Wow, sounds like a great deal. 
But.. The free cup tasted like 80% water down coffee when I redeemed. Nasty nasty! You would be getting a cup of hot water with slight coffee taste.  If they even offer free coffee with a purchase, then it should be the same as someone would buy it; then they're better off just not offer at all.Came here after a bus ride from DC. It was a quick 10 minute walk from the bus stop and seemed like a great place to catch up on work. It's quiet, casual, and most people here are studying. I tried the lassi latte (iced latte with rise, vanilla, and cinnamon). It was not overly sweet, but I might just get their regular coffee next time.I love this place. Great drinks and great food. This cafe is place to just sit and relax. I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointedI love the coffee drinks, cold drinks and snacks that they serve. And the people are always so nice and friendly. But the sandwiches just don't really hit home for me. Their "toaster" leaves a lot to be desired. I have to take the sandwich home and toast or grill the bread the rest of the way. I used to get breakfast sandwiches on my way to somewhere but had to stop as the bread simply wouldn't toast and the sandwich didn't taste as good without toasting it. They microwave their eggs which leaves a weird consistency and taste, particularly at the yolk. So when I moved to the neighborhood almost 3 years I immediately fell in love with this place but hardly go now unless I'm going for coffee only.Awesome coffee, pastries, and smoothies. Great, well lit shop that is a perfect spot to hang out. On top of that they receive packages, which is a blessing if you live in CC, when it's sometimes impossible to receive a package.This cafe became one of my favorite spots when I lived in Philly from 2014-2015. The cafe is simple, clean, great wifi and has vegan food options. The coffees are addictive because they are high quality and produced/distributed as ethical fair trade.
I usually order the Happy Buddha sandwich and one to three (or bottomless) cups of coffees. Also, there are a variety of sweeteners and non-dairy milks. Plus, the owner is genuinely nice and cares about people (the coffee farmers, in particular)Great iced coffee and bagels! Everyone that works here is so friendly.Very nice cafe- open til 10 pm every single night which is great. There are plenty of vegan, gluten free packaged and pre-made desserts available. They also do not charge for soy or almond milk in a drink which is almost unheard of! Also, $3 bottomless coffee (and the coffee is really good). 
Great place to sit and do homework while people watching on Walnut.Great place to grab some coffee and study. The atmosphere is pretty laid back. There's usually one worker so service can take some time since they make it as you order for the most part. There's free WiFi and plenty of chairs with cushions. The coffee is good, maybe not the best, but good enough. Gives a pretty homey feel compared to Saxby's. They also have some happy hour prices, but I have yet to try them out.
TL;DR: Great place to study, fair prices, free WiFi, good enough.I only go here for free wifi and happy hour (starts at 3pm). Get any large beverage for the price of a small one. 
3 stars for nice atmosphere, wifi and the chicken pot pie soup (refrain from getting the jambalaya!)I got the dream smoothie here, once. You know the one: flavor so good you close your eyes; halfway in you notice you're not even running out of the good stuff; your body personally writes you to thank you for the experience. Three trips later and I'm still chasing that purple rabbit. Starts good, but partway through all I got left is ice and tears.Lived up to its name. Open at 6am on a Sunday! Tasty coffee, perfect shaped mug and seat cushions to use on the cool metal chairs.  Outlets abound. So I leave for an early am walk fully charged (caffeine and electricity). Thanks.A cute little cafe! Sandwich was decent but not amazing. I am looking forward to return and try their coffee!I went to law school at Penn while living at 21st and Sansom, so this was a pretty natural study spot. Philly really is a city of neighborhoods and this place is no exception. I knew most of the staff and the owners, and they always checked in to see how things were going for me. They also put up with whatever state I was in while studying for the bar exam. Every time I was in, they made sure I was well-caffeinated, asked how studying was, and were kind, familiar faces when I needed it. These guys are awesome, and I'm going to sorely miss spending time there.Yes. Yes. Yes.
The service is fast, efficient, friendly, and conscientious. The drinks are definitely made with care. I ordered a mint iced tea once and the barista actually came by to make sure that it was steeped to my liking because she'd noticed I hadn't drank much of it. I told her honestly that it was because I was savoring each sip. Mm mm good!
The location itself is great, close to the bridge over the Schukyill that links Center City to University City so it's really a wonderful place for anyone to come and get work done. There are quite a few outlets and I've never had any trouble with the Wifi. I love love love sitting on the barstools by the windows because they have hooks for your bag, the lighting from the outside is just lovely, and the vantage point for people-watching is great.
I wish I didn't have to rate it so high because I want to keep it as my little secret, but this present is too good not to share with the world so I will store up my "good karma" in passing on this knowledge!What a cute little Cafe and convenient to the Walnut St steps leading to/from Schuylkill River Park Trail. This place is pet friendly. They provide outside seating as well as a good sized indoor seating. Their menu is leaning more on the health conscious side. They will bring out your order if you seat outdoors. I will definitely stop by in the future.I fell for this place the minute I saw its windows. Then when I knew its name, I told myself that I must come here as often as I can.Good espresso coffees and breakfast sandwiches. Lox and cream cheese on a bagel is very competent and tasty, albeit unwieldy to eat. Egg sammies also a good choice. Decent ambiance and bathroom. Art on the walls cam be worthwhile. And they have fruits (bananas and apples).Decent little gem in an unassuming location in the middle of the Walnut Street bridge.  I pass this place everyday on my bike and today finally stopped in for lunch.  I didn't actually get lunch food, but opted for their all day offering of bagels.  I got a tropical mango smoothie (they use fresh fruit only and no preservatives/added sugar) and the "Cool as a Cucumber" everything bagel, which comes with tomato, cucumber and cream cheese.  
It was $9 and change, which is a little pricy but expected, considering the freshness of the ingredients and what not.  My smoothie was delicious and refreshing. The bagel was fresh and toasted perfectly and there was a nice helping of cracked black pepper on the tomato & cucumber, but there was way too much cream cheese, so one bite in and it slid all over and fell apart.  Mouthfuls of cream cheese is a pet peeve of mine, and since I got it to go and ate outside, I didn't have a plate or knife to maneuver around it.  Still tasty enough, though. Still kicking myself for not ordering the BLT, so perhaps next time I'll try that or another sandwich or salad instead.  I do wish they had wraps as an option for the sandwiches, as I find club sandwiches to be messy.
The place is super cute with a decent amount of seating for its small stature and had a lot of little extras on the countertop, like bananas and what looked to be very large, soft homemade cookies.  Overall, I would love to visit back in the morning and try their extensive coffee/tea side of the menu.First time here. Went by the reviews. However, it is some much better! If you are in Philly you need to make this your stop for any reason. Can't wait to come back here tomorrow. Get the Chai Tropic, if it is still in season. Amazing drink!Good coffee! Opt for the bottomless coffee $3 for free endless refills.One of my favorite cafes to study in. I love settling down for a long work session and grabbing a quick bite or cup of coffee here or there when I need it. The prices are great and the service is always friendly. Their food items are nice too! I am a fan of the healthy options that are vegetarian friendly. 
One star off for cleanliness -- there were some flies the last time i visited.Friendly staff - Rachel, Taylor & Chris are awesome! Food is great and all drinks are delicious. They also have a happy hour.I still can't explain my past bad experiences, but I've been back to Good Karma more times than I'm willing to admit in the past few weeks, and I have had excellent, speedy service each time. Their iced tea still tastes bizarre, but the food is delicious, the location is very convenient, and the prices are decent. I highly recommend it.Great! Their medium roast is so, so good! It tastes very chocolate-y. I feel comfortable working here all day, the atmosphere is very conducive to getting work done. It does get crowded however during peak hours.I love this place. The coffee is awesome, the customer service is always pleasant (which is surprisingly hard to find) and the cafe itself is a super comfortable place to get work done!
Go here!Fantastic coffee, and right across from the gym, which is a bonus in the early AM hours :) A cute little spot popular with locals, but seriously does have great coffee. It does get busy though, so time your coffee run well. 
Only thing I would change is the chairs. While they look cool, they are cold and really uncomfortable.A decent spot to study at with good vibes, good coffee and extended opening hours. It's pretty small, so it gets pretty full during the afternoon. I do enjoy the coffee though, and they have a killer bottomless cup deal. The tables are a little small, but the plentiful windows, cool decor and late opening hours make it a great little spot.Why are there only 10 (now 11) reviews for Good Karma?! This location rocks!!
I technically live in-between this GK and the one on 22nd but will choose this location every time. Their bagels are really, really good. The iced coffee is always nice and strong, and when I feel like getting something a little more exciting, they have a very creative drink menu. I can't wait for Fall so the Cinderella comes back! (Although they have said that they would make it for me even if it's not on the menu).
The people are super nice, the WiFi is super fast, and the music is AMAZING. I take my out of town friends here all the time and they love it.
Seriously as good as it gets. Which is why it's sometimes a bit crowded... so it goes! GK deserves it more than I deserve to have a nice big table all to myself.I would think a 3.5 would be a good rating. The Tuscan white bean soup was worthy of a return visit. The egg and cheese bagel was edible. But that is all. I thought the coffee was not very good. I love coffee. Breakfast, lunch and dinner. But not their's. Oh well. 
So try the soup. It was good. Wifi good too.Cute little spot, sat by the window to people watch. Coffee was really good, but refills are $1, so the previous review about free refills is no longer accurate. Tons of places to plug in, bathroom was really clean, and the staff was polite and helpful. The classic breakfast sandwich I had was delicious. Real egg, crispy bacon, and good cheddar cheese. I also had a pistachio cake that was excellent. 
Downside is there are not a ton of places to sit. Also at noon, most of their pastries were sold out. 4 stars really because of the staff.My favorite place in the entire city to get coffee. The Belizian Vanilla frappucino? Amazing. And also delightfully caffeinated unlike other froofy frappucinos (I understand the irony in that statement).
It's not the most spacious place, but I love the menu (please try literally all of their soups, they're always fantastic), and I love the vibe (dog friendly, yay!), and I love that they're a conscious business!1. Bottomless coffee for $3 - I have gotten only the medium roast, but even in late afternoon, it was a solid brew.
2. Reliable wifi & plugs for laptops everywhere. Win.
3. Signs encouraging people to share the bigger tables at busier times makes it less awkward when you are trying to find a seat
4. Great place to people watch if you need a break from your screen - apparently this is a good place to meet young professionals (whatever your intentions may be...)
5. Bathroom is clean and well-maintained
Solid cafe to study/work located at a great location!The crew here goes out of their way to make sure they provide some amazing meals. Healthy salads, sides. 
We used yelp on our way back from Niagara Falls and it was well worth the trip off the highway.This place is the best - superior coffee, fresh ingredients for all food, excellent service. Love it.Great place to sit and study for a while with a nice open and airy feel, and plenty of seats and outlets (!).  I think the tables might be harder to score (though I did manage to get one without an wait when I went), but there is plenty of counter space by the window.  I sat here for a couple of hours on a Sunday afternoon and got a lot of work done.  Coffee is good, food is actually pretty good too..I tried one of their sandwiches and a gluten free cookie.  I don't think they advertise the bottomless coffee cup (or at least they didn't mention it to me), but it really is a great deal..like a buck more than just getting a regular cup of coffee.  If I lived near here this would probably be my place to chill.I don't normally write yelp reviews, but I absolutely love this cafe. The employees are always very nice and helpful with suggestions. They have an AMAZING bottomless mug deal, and when the weather gets cold they have rotating soups to choose from! I mean what could be better! Not to mention bar stools right up against big panes of glass - my coffee shop dream :)This is a wonderful chain of cafes and their customer service is excellent. Their ginger chai is among the best I've ever had. The cafe on Walnut is very clean with large sunny windows. Also, I have never seen such a clean and beautiful bathroom at a small coffee house before. This is a great place to spend the day doing work ... if you're able to find a free seat.Good coffee! My breakfast sandwich was just OK, though. Wish there was more eggs piled on it. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing ...This review is based solely on the coffee and for the vibe of the place. Chill & laid back coffee spot in a quite part of Philly. Nice stole gem as you walk the streets of Philly. The staff was quite friendly and helpful as I was deciding what to offer. Plus side of the coffee is the 100% organic coffee nature. From a setup standpoint - few tables outside or you have the option of inside. Plenty of outlet space is always a plus. Coffee wise - I ordered 12oz latte which was delicious for not being a super heavy coffee drinker. And finally but not least - love the name of this place.Comfortable study spot with Wifi and plenty of power outlets. Wifi passwords are at the cash register. Staff are friendly and attentive. Cafe has a chill ambiance playing indie music softly in the background and local art on display/for sale on the walls. Cute and worth a visit, within walking distance of 30th street station.The lattes were tasty. Apple of my eye breakfast sandwich is a new favorite. Open early on sundays. Easy to get to. Will come back againGreat bagels, great coffee, great staff. It is a great place to hang out with friends or by yourself.
Lunch selections, not as notable. The chicken is not really grilled - it is rubbery. I expect this is due to the small cooking area. Hummus selections (sandwich and salad) are good. 
I love the concept - healthy, sustainable food with a great open atmosphere!While en route to volunteer at WXPN with a little time to spare beforehand, I decided to stop by Good Karma Cafe for some coffee.  This spot has been under so many names so I'm glad to see a familiar coffee shop (as I've been to the one at 928 Pine St.) take over this one.  In addition to a variety of beverages, they serve pastries, bagels, sandwiches, etc.  They also have a table-sharing policy which promotes connection among customers (hence their name, Good Karma), and I love that! Come in alone and leave having made a new acquaintance! Rotating art displays on the walls, friendly and enthusiastic staff, and great music playing in the background make for a place that I intend to return to soon! Thanks, Good Karma!Love their sandwiches. They are an ideal study spot (I've been to all three) - friendly, relaxed with wifi and plugs (not to mention yummy snacks galore).Love Good Karma! I have been to each location and think the quality of the food/drinks is the same. The only thing that's different is space (how large, option of outdoor space, ect.) The sandwiches are decent, but not fantastic. Great pastries though and really fun seasonal drinks to try. I personally always get either the London Fog or the lavender lemonade.
The Walnut Street location is the smallest of the three with large windows in the front. Not as comfortable as the other locations.Good Karma is an interesting cafe - it has a lot of different coffee beverages on the menu, and an ever changing assortment of foods which includes almond croissants, and pumpkin bread often. The only down side is that it can be pretty full on most days so finding seating can be hard. I would highly recommend their mocha - it's a tad bit on the sweet side, but it's well made and is almost hot chocolatey.Good Karma has great food (try the Garden Griller sandwich), but very weak service and odd-tasting iced tea. 
The first time I came in to order food, it took 40 minutes. While the place was quite crowded, watching the sandwich line was a study in inefficiency. The people at the counter, while seemingly stressed about the delays, were not apologetic.
The second time, it was empty. I ordered my sandwich, then stepped outside to take a call. When I returned 15 minutes later, not only was the sandwich not ready, but no one had begun it. It took me reminding them that I had ordered it to get them to start. The staff was apologetic (although the woman who had taken my order before seemed a bit disgruntled to see me), but the trend seems clear. 
I recommend Good Karma (but not for iced tea, which tastes like Lindsay Olives), especially given the dearth of good local sandwich spots, but know that your food may take 2-3x longer than it ought to.This is such a cute coffee shop! I came here with a friend on Fourth of July. I got a great decaf Americano and he got tea. 
We sat by the window and people watched while we drank our stuff. They have plenty of outlets to charge your phone or laptop. This was a lifesaver as my phone was super low on battery. I'll definitely be back!"Incredible Karma" or "The Best Karma" is more like it! Blown aware by the friendly, helpful service, the fantastic tea and the yummy bagel. This is my new go-to place when I come to the city. Managers/owners, whatever you're doing to keep your staff as happy and as friendly as they are, thank you and please keep it up!Espresso tasted "cleaner" but also lighter/more dilute than other espressos I've had (Starbucks espresso remains my favorite actually). Food and drinks are a bit expensive, but everything's organic. Cute small coffee place with friendly service. Plenty of outlets but can be hard to get seats. It gets pretty empty after 5 or 6 pm, so that's the best time to get seats, but middays/mid-afternoons are the worst.Currently sitting here drinking my almond milk latte. So so yummy and they don't charge extra for almond milk which is great! Great environment too for studying or chatting with a friend. Cute shop for sure.Cute place, good coffee, nice staff. I wish they had a stove instead of a microwave to cook things in, but it was still good.
Atmosphere is good, music is really enjoyable...not too loud.  I like that.
Would come here again.So happy this place opened! It's located really close to a student space where I do a lot of work, so it's super convenient for a quick bite. 
While this place is more of a coffee shop, they have a short list of food options. I've gotten their soup and sandwich combo, which is a good deal at under $10. I got the butternut squash soup (their soups change often), which was really tasty. Their sandwiches are cold , so I wish they could heat it up.
My favorite item though is the "Apple of My Eye" bagel, you get to choose your bagel, and they add cream cheese, honey and apple to it. There are also lots of other interesting bagel combos to choose from. I usually pair it with one of their seasonal specialty drinks. Most recently, I had the dandelion (lemonade, iced tea and lavendar syrup).
Seating is limited, but it's a good place to grab a cup of coffee and do some reading.Good Karma Cafe has become my second living room. I'll grab a $3 bottomless mug, a bowl of soup and spend the day working at a table or at the counter by the windows. 
Great people, great music, great coffee, and the occasional cute puppy.The coffee is mediocre, the food selection is limited. You will wait forever if the are more than two people in line. Today in particular there were two bearded gentlemen working that gave me attitude about ordering a bagel with egg whites, which I do every time I get breakfast there. Probably because they had gotten behind ... overall I only go here when it's convenient but would rather go anywhere else.Pretty unimpressed with the place. Coffee was pretty good but nothing special. Prices are a little expensive. Not a fan of the loud assortment of music from hard rock to rap - makes it not a great place to do work if that is your intention. WiFi was also spotty and the A/C unit is either nonexistent or was broken when I was there since I was boiling. Came here on a Saturday afternoon to get some work done and ended up leaving within the first 20 minutes due to my discomfort with the heat and the music. Not necessarily my vibe or what I look for in a cafe in the area. Coffee wasn't bad though, if that is what you're seeking.Love this place and yes it does have Good Karma!!! Really good coffee. Great place to come hang out and relax. Also they have some interesting juices.Espresso was good, not great. Croissant was an average store bought one. Would have probably been pretty good heated up. People super friendly! Like the vibe.I find their coffee to be a bit weak and a little on the bitter side.  I could handle the bitterness if it was stronger.  High marks however for giving my dog a bowl of water and friendly service.  The coffee flavor is consistent with the one I visited on Pine in Old City as well.The first time I came to Good Karma, I thought nothing of it. Had that been my only experience, I probably would not have come back. Fortunately for me, this location is right near me and on my way to work, so I gave Good Karma another chance.
Good Karma has my favorite iced coffee! When it's made right (and it almost always is), it tastes almost velvety. I asked them what their secret was, and it turns out that they brew and cool their coffee but because the process sometimes makes coffee lose flavor, they then add espresso into the batch (That's why their call it extra strong iced coffee haha!).
And when you ask for a shot of anything, like vanilla, my go-to flavoring, they add it and shake it up for you in canisters before giving it to you so that the flavor is evenly spread through the drink! Seems like a simple fix but pretty much no one else seems to do this.
As a bonus, the staff are always friendly and nice, so there's coffee with a smile. :) Nice start to my (nearly) daily routine.I walked in and they were playing My Heart Will Go On (from Titanic) and I knew this place was for me. I've been here for about an hour and I've heard almost every musical genre (and it's amazing). I got a Honey Chai Latte and it was really good. Kind of wanted a stronger Chai flavor, but it would be good for the average Joe. They have a good amount of seating, free wifi and plenty of outlets. Plus there coffee is all organic/ fair trade. However, I wanted a reusable mug, but they gave me a paper cup which didn't have any labels on it so I wasn't sure if it was recyclable/ compostable. But that's really just me being a snob. Overall, great experience (but I have to mention that there was a draft so my butt did start to get cold).good drinks, nice people, sadly average baked goods. the chicken in the chicken salad tasted and looked like plastic.Truly a Good Karma Cafe! Love this shop. It is everything that they advertise. Fantastic coffee, quiet environment, and delicious food options. If you're looking for a quick coffee to go or a place to do some work, Good Karma Cafe is your place. I will definetly be back.This place has good food and drinks but the real reason for the 5 stars is that my dog is allowed inside!!!Good Karma Cafe is one of my all-time favorite cafes in/near University city. It's secluded enough from campus that you don't have to deal with the hustle and bustle, but close enough that a 10 minute walk will bring you right back to University City. This place is the perfect cozy cafe to get some work done or catch with someone over coffee and I definitely see myself coming back when I'm back in University City and need to grind.
Tip: Their seats are metal and can be cold. Take advantage of the available seat cushions if you plan on spending a few hours here!I like that it's open really early, and that there's free wifi (and when it's pretty empty, the wifi was fast enough me to stream tv on my laptop. now that's convenience). Anyhow, I got the hot chocolate and an egg & cheese breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel.
The hot chocolate tasted kinda funky, I've definitely had better. Probably wouldn't order it again. The breakfast sandwich was pretty solid, they use real eggs and have nice slices of cheddar. It was actually good enough to get again, after about an hour in the shop I ordered a second. Pretty happy with both purchases. (Note: this also means that the breakfast sandwiches aren't that big).Such a cute and cozy cafe with and excellent selection of both food and drinks. Drink menu offers everything from coffee (if you need extra caffeine, try their iced coffee, it's stronger than cold brew from Starbucks!), smoothies, tea, and a seasonal drink menu (they currently offer Moroccan Rose Chai, Lavender Latte, and etc). This is a great place to grab coffee and go or study. A good amount of tables and outlets for you to study here. Highly recommend coming here for a quick bite or coffee!Yummy chai lattes and quirky staff. Oh, and their turkey avo egg bagelwich... SO GOOD!!!!!!!!This is a cute little cafe. They have an outstanding breakfast menu. I ordered the original breakfast sandwich, which was yummy. I also had a speciality drink. It was very considerate that the barista asked what kind of milk to use. Seating is pretty limited but doable for a smaller group. There were many people studying/ doing work, so i can imagine it being pretty tough to accommodate a larger group. The bar stools  were metal, but they provided cushions. I would consider swinging by again when I'm in townI love this cafe! They have delicious drinks, a decent amount of seating (with electrical sockets- for those of you studying/working), and food (with gluten-free snacks)! Their drinks are more unique than at Starbucks, and I love trying their new seasonal drinks.  As an added bonus, they keep a lot of their syrups year round, so I just got a Pumpkin latte this weekend even though it's springtime! Yum! 
My boyfriend and I stop here regularly on the weekends on our way to/from the Schuylkill River Path and dog park. The staff is always friendly!
We find that it tends to be a little quieter than the other locations, so we usually check out this location if we want to sit for a while and make sure we can get a seat.I love the (lassie) lattes and the atmosphere. Wish I went to this place more often when I had the chancegobble gobble gobble (5.5) and London Fog 16 oz(4.15) was really good, swing by if you need a quick breakfast or want to take in some of the Center City scenery. 
Last visit: 10/2017This is a nice place with good coffee drinks and lunch options. The soups are great but the sandwiches leave something to be desired. The bread is kind of meh.  I really like their specialty lattes and it's great that you can stay and study.Obsessed with Good karma! Staff is super friendly and the coffee and sandwiches (classic on a everything bagel) are always fresh! Great study spot with good wifi and great baked items ! Love also how they have a salad menu as well ! Will always support local !I've been to this location twice. I really enjoy the atmosphere as soon as I walked in the door. I staff is very pleasant and helpful. I asked for something not listed on the menu and the Lady taking orders explained what exactly was in one of the drinks I was interested in and helped me make an informed decision. I appreciated that. 
I ordered a Dominican Mocha Hot Chocolate with an espresso shot. DeliciousGreat ambience, lots of options for bagel sandwiches (I really like the apple and honey one), and an option for bottomless coffee!! Plus it's open fairly late for a cafeThis is one of my favorite spots in between downtown Philly and UPenn's campus. They have a friendly staff, great coffee ($2 - $2.50) and Americanos ($3 - $3.75), and a good selection of food in case you're trying to catch a quick bite to eat in between classes or errands.
I'm a fan of their Mexican Vienna coffee beans ($1/oz.) and the "Everything Popeye" bagel ($5.25). The bagel comes with scrambled egg, spinach, and cheese, so it's a great healthy option for morning breakfast or an afternoon snack.
Will continue to visit here while I get some studying or project work done!I live one block from this place so it's the coffee shop I frequent the most.  After discovering this little joint, my french press has been collecting dust.  It's conveniently located on the east end of the Walnut street bridge which makes picking up a coffee before or after work very convenient since I head west every morning.  
Not sure if they still have it, but over the summer they had happy hour specials on iced coffee that I lived off of, it was something like any sized iced coffee for $2 up till 7pm - these things were strong!  I have occasionally worked inside the shop, and tried their food (lox bagel) and they have all been positive experiences.  I would veg there more often, but I don't work well to background music.  This cafe does seem pretty popular during after work hours and weekends, so you may have difficulty finding a spot to do work during those rush hours.
This little place is definitely nice to have around the block, and they have a couple other stores in Fitler Square and East Village.Every time I visit Philly I find myself at Good Karma. With awesome coffee & tea selections, a friendly staff and good prices, what's not to love!? Although the space is relatively small, you will always find people in here doing work on their laptops or reading a book, even on a Friday evening! 
My boyfriend is a student at Penn and comes here 4-5 times a week. His Dad bought him a metal travel mug from Good Karma because if you use their travel mug they only charge $1 for coffee. Unfortunately, after using the travel mug for about a month, he started to taste a metal aftertaste. He washes the mug on a regular basis and still continues to have this issue whenever he gets a hot beverage.
Since Good Karma seems to have a cult-following and many people I know own Good Karma Travel Mugs, hopefully the business will work to fix this issue with their products!