We tried the good dog because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. This joint is definitely a dive. We visited at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday and it was extremely loud and rowdy. Basically if you are over 26 years old you will not fit in nor will you enjoy it. I am giving it 2 stars because in spite of this the food was good. The Thai meatballs are excellent and you get a generous portion of sweet potato fries with the sandwiches. Service was very good as well. If I were 21 years old I'd probably give it 4 stars.Summary: Great food, trendy ambiance, awesome place!
This has got to be one of my favorite places in Philly.  Ever since I saw this on Food Network's Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives back in 2010, I knew that I had to head to the place to try out the trendy menu highlighted by Guy Fieri.  Who's ever had a duck pot pie?  Or a buffalo shrimp po' boy?  Even if you have, you need to come here once and learn about it all over again.
Having made this a staple part of my Sunday evening routine last year, I unfortunately had to back off for a while due to other happenings over the past few months.  That being said, a few weeks ago, I was lucky enough to head back there with a few of my good friends.  
The wings - phenomenal.  They have to be one of the best that I've ever had the privilege of tasting.  Yeah, it's a privilege here.  The fries (sweet potato and regular mix) - amazing.  The veggie burger - amazing.  One of my friends ended up having the calamari and the shrimp po' boy, both also fantastic by his admission.  He did mention that the calamari was slightly greasy, but after all, this is a bar.  You need bar food, right?
Honestly, I'm really hard pressed to find something that I don't like about the place.  Maybe the only downside is how crowded it always is...?
Jessica O'Donnell has created a fantastic place right in the heart of Center City Philadelphia, and whether you're a student in Philly, just a regular resident, or just passing through - this should be one of your stops.The Good Dog Bar was a perfect lunch/pre-game spot before Made in America. We had the wings (amazing korean bbq style), magic hat beers and PBR's. And the sweet potato fries were amazing! The waitress was friendly and we will definitely go back when we are in Philly.My daughters  (both under the age of 10) love DD&D and saw this place about a week before we went to Philadelphia and they wanted to go.  The Mac & Cheese was delicious and the truffled cheesesteak empanadas were outstanding.  My wife had the Lavender Collins drink and after quickly consuming 2 pronounced them "Delicious and deadly".  Excellent choice of beers on draught.  We would go again.Went here for lunch on a weekday. Service was great. Loved the dog pictures on the wall. The Good Dog Burger itself was really good, however the fries that came with it was subpar. Maybe I got a batch that was at the end of the bag. However, I will def be coming back.Burgers + beer + dogs = recipe for success
This place is a staple for happy hour among my new coworkers and I finally understand why. Upon walking in, you're met with a typical bar set up (stools, booths, dark atmosphere). However, climbing up to the second floor, you find restaurant tables set up with another bar and the kitchen. The third floor doesn't have a bar, but you will find a pool table and plenty of space for milling about with a group. I was impressed by the draft beer selection for such a seemingly small place, but what really sold me was the burger. Very grateful to my coworkers' peer pressure because I've legitimately dreamt about the Good Dog burger since then. Raclette cheese-stuffed with caramelized onions and crispy fries was the perfect complement to my beers. I can't wait to go back with my crew of coworkers, but maybe we won't sit next to the "Memorial Wall" of pups past...The bf and I have been here a few times before and sat at the bar for a few drinks. They have a good beer list.
Yesterday we decided to try the food. It was packed on a Wednesday night at 8pm so I thought this place would live up to the hype. We ordered the arugula salad, the fried tomato blt and the duck pot pie. 
The arugula salad was just a big bowl of arugula. I expected some additional toppings like at most restaurants but I ate it cuz I was hungry. 
The fried tomato blt was very mediocre, which saddens me because I didn't think anything with bacon could ever be this disappointing. There was way more bread than filling, and the fried tomatoes were tiny and mostly breading. It was really nothing special as I could make a better blt at home. It did come with the mix of sweet potato and yukon gold fries and those were really good. However, the waitress put down what she called chipotle aioli and it was really bland--no chipotle flavor whatsoever. 
My boyfriend loves anything with duck, and he loves pot pie, so the obvious choice for his was the duck pot pie. He barely ate any because it just didn't taste right to him. I 
Maybe it was an off night or maybe there's just too much hype for this place. We left hungry and very disappointed.I'm vegetarian, but can follow meat-eaters here when I want something other than a veggie burger. The macaroni and cheese dish was good -- actually the accompanying blueberry cornbread was amazing, and the mac and cheese was OK.After hearing rave reviews about the burger at Good Dog, I had to give it a try. I went with the Traditional Burger dressed up by some delicious cheddar from the long list of cheese options. While the included fries come as a blend of regular and sweet potato, you can specify only one type - I preferred the regular as the sweet potato ones were a little too dry.We came for the burgers (magazine article said best in the state) and the bar was busy and small, just want you want. Surprisingly (because of the busy and small) we had awesome service with full menu and beers. He even knew about gluten free items for our party. We also had a philly appetizer that was unique. The burger itself wasn't the "best I've ever had" per the article, but it was really good.Just checked this place out tonight and whether you're a purebred or a mutt, you'll want to make the trek to try the amazing food!
Atmosphere - Dog lovers will enjoy the decor, as there is a dog theme throughout the bar and restaurant. Place was very loud when we went, during the NCAA tournament and a Flyers game. Loud music blaring on the 1st floor, 2nd floor is still a little loud, but more geared toward the sit down crowd. 
Service - Bartender and Waitress were really good at getting what we needed right away. Waitress was very understanding even though we had the table in a busy area for about fifteen minutes after we finished eating. Was able to get our drink and food orders right with no issues.
Food - Rated on Triple D from the food network, it is AMAZING! Started with Cheesteak Empanadas and Fried Mozzerella (group of 4). Empandas in truffle oil were absolutely wonderful, so much so, my buddy and I split another order. Mozzerella was good as well with a delicious sauce. If you're going, try their burger! Burgers were fantastic with gooey, melted cheese, caramelized onions, and a delicious bun. Wife and her friend had veggie sloppy joe's which they raved about. We all finished with a brownie sundae for dessert which almost took up the whole plate! This was one of my best experiences of eating in Philadelphia, I WILL be going back REGULARLY!
Intangibles - I would have given five stars except for two things. Located near the Academy of Music, parking and leaving our meals were quite a chore with things going on at the Kimmel. If you're going, try to avoid leaving between 10-10:30, shows let out, and we had to wait for traffic. Bathrooms also needed a little work according to one of my guests. They have take home pint glasses for $3 which were a nice touch to remember a great experience.
Overall - A definite place I will eat in the future when I'm near the Kimmel. Can't wait to go back and try the Duck Pot Pie. To the owners, well done and you're better than advertised. To those who haven't been, GO!, you're going to have some really great quality options.I don't know what's come over me but I have seriously turned into a pub kinda girl... NYC it was all about the snazzy new cocktails i could swing in the half off happy hours (which is like full price philly drinks now) but nonetheless I appreciate the laid back vibe of the philly pub scene.  So Good Dog is great... They have great food and of course a generous selection of brews.  Two of my favorite things at Good dog:  1) The shrine to adorable puppy photos lining the walls; 2) the bangin' burger with the cheese on the inside. love how it just oozes out.. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!The pictures of puppies might be the biggest thing that keeps me coming back here.
That and the beers on tap. The draft list at Good Dog literally never disappoints and the location is perfect. Smack dab in Center City and close enough to Market to grab a quick lunch during the week.
The burgers are their claim to fame. HUGE, juicy mounds of beef sometimes stuffed with a spicy cheese, other times just topped with cheese, lettuce and tomato. I might have tried 8 other dishes on this menu but none of them seem to compare to the burger. Their fries are awesome too. A mixture of sweet potato and regular served with a hit or miss aioli.
I've tried the grilled cheese, fried tomato BLT sandwich, veggie burger and veggie meatloaf (I think meatloaf) and the duck quesadillas. All of them were just OK. I recently visited for Philadelphia Weekly's holiday party and the appetizers were actually pretty good. Mini pork sliders and the chicken cordon bleu bites were awesome. I also tried my first Crispin there... and my 2nd... and 3rd and 4th.
The upstairs is awesome and if you sit by the window has a great view of 15th. The downstairs gets packed but the tables are huge and they finally removed that awkward bar preventing you from sliding in and out of the benches.
Overall, pretty solid bar with average food (besides the delicious burgers)!I come here as often as I can--it's great for lunch, which is when  I usually meet a friend or two and indulge in the wonderful burger and great beer.  It's just a nice, laid-back, casual, "homey" place where the staff is really nice.  I always feel at home and comfortable at Good Dog, and I love the pictures of all the good dogs on the walls, too.  Good food, good beer, GOOD DOG.You can find me here for happy hour regularly! I think I've tried everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. They always have a great selection of beers and the bartenders are happy to answer my questions and give me suggestions. The only thing I'd like to see change is the size of the mixed drinks.My boyfriend Sam and I saw GDB on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives and since he lives so close we figured that we needed to check it out. We were NOT disappointed. The atmosphere is sort of London pub-y, sans smoke. Dark, close, and intimate - we really liked it. We were seated almost immediately and our server automatically brought us two waters (which I love!) and the specials menu. Although I can't remember his name, he was super helpful (and cute!) and explained the specials and gave us encouragement on the things that we ordered so that we were confident in our choices.
For our appetizer, we ordered the Truffled Cheese Steak Empanadas which were featured on Triple D. For drinks, I ordered a Caramel Apple (Jim Beam, Caramel Monin Syrup,
Sour Mix, Cherry Bitters, Apple Slice) and my boyfriend ordered a Ginger Baker (Goslings Black Seal Rum, Crystalized Ginger, Apple Juice, Orange Bitters). The appetizer came out super fast and super hot and was out of this world good. I don't like truffle oil but I really wanted to try them due to Guy Fieri's endorsement and I was not disappointed. The drinks came up right before the appetizer came out and they were also very good. Sam liked his but thought that it needed a stronger Ginger flavor; I wasn't too crazy about mine but I am not a big alcohol person. I just gave mine to Sam and stuck with my water which was fine with me.
For an entree, I ordered the Good Dog Burger which was 1/2 lb. of house ground sirloin with roquefort cheese and caramelized onions, on a brioche bun. It came with a mix of their potato and sweet potato fries and their house made aioli. I thought my taste buds died and went to heaven - it was that good. At first I wasn't too sure about the roquefort cheese but the more had the better I liked it. It really grew on me and by the time the burger was gone I wanted more. Also - huge portions - I had to take some fries home with me (and they were great cold out of the fridge too!). Sam ordered the Lamb Belly sandwich which consisted of thinly sliced lamb belly brined in red wine, roasted then lightly grilled, topped with oven roasted tomatoes, pickled red onions, arugula & lemon aioli on rosemary focaccia (taken right from their website), also with the same mix of fries and sweet potato fries. His was also amazing; we always trade at least one bite of whatever we have. I wasn't too sure about the pickled red onions but they really complimented the other flavors of the sandwich.
We will definitely come back for more - next time we want to try the Duck Pot Pie and Chicken Cordon Bleu, both of which were also featured on Triple D. Can't wait until the next time - it really was THAT good!Great atmosphere, good selection of beers, and the food was great a different spin on all the menu itemsI love the Good Dog.  I usually go at 5:00 for happy hour.  I've only eaten the drunken hummus with dill, but it is excellent.  They also have Crispin Apple Cider, my favorite beer.  Atmosphere is chill with good tunes on the juke box.  This is my go-to after work bar.Went here on a Tuesday night, party of 2, around 5pm and there was already a decent sized crowd when we got there.  We sat ourselves at a booth and waiter came over for our drink order, our waiter was very attentive throughout our whole meal and there were several food runners that I saw.  We ordered the stuffed burger, the duck pot pie, and cheesesteak empanadas and split it all, overall the food was really good with a lot of different flavors in each dish.  The $1 off of drinks for happy hour didn't hurt either!Good cheap beer and tasty bar food (especially the fries). I wish they had air conditioning on the second floor it kinda took away from the pleasant experience.Good find!! Seated right away, Our server (Kate) was there right away with waters in hand, which was great, because we're not drinkers.  Ordered 3 apps, chicken cordon blue, epananadas, and pierogies, all 3 were delicious.  My son had the mac and cheese, my daughter the lamb meatballs (ask for extra sauce up front) my wife the veggie burger and 2 of us had the good dog burger.  This place knows good food and our service was great.  The veggie burger was flavorful and the texture was that of a true burger.  The good dog was juicy and the cheese inside was great (the bacon add-on never hurts). Mac and cheese with the blueberry cornbread was tasty.  Would recommend this place .  One note, it was a cold night and the front table was like sitting half outside it was freezing, sit further back or upstairs...I'll remember next timeI have been here multiple times. It is always packed. But, I haven't had an issue with the service (with the exception of one of bartenders).
They have me addicted to their fries and cheesesteak empanadas, though the sauce that comes with their cheesesteak empanadas isn't everyone's cup of tea. Their mac and cheese is good, the cornflakes on top gives it a nice and different texture. Their beer brined pork cutlets is great. The chicken tenders cordon bleu is okay, nothing special. Not something I would crave to have again. Only think that I have tried and didn't like was their wings. Basically they bought a bottle of mediocre Korean BBQ marinade sauce from the store and poured it on top of their wings before serving them is what it tastes like to me.
Drink selection is good.Yesterday was my second trip to this savior of a spot in the Rttienhouse Square disctrict of Philly.  I was wandering around for an hour a few nights ago, just wanting a nice divy spot for a beer and was surrounded by these young professional (and older) having "happy hour" at these fancy places around the square, feeling very out of place.  I had been to this place a year ago but couldn't remember where it was and was devasted and defeated.   I called my boy back home and had him google it.  I went the next night. Yay!
First time about a year ago I was introduced to a canned IPA by 21st century brewing at this spot.  My boyfriend and I had not yet seen this phenomenon and were practically sh@%ting outsevles in excitement.  We took pictures of the beer can.  We giddily asked our server for another.  It was heaven. 
then we looked over at the table next to us and saw what looked like incrediably delictable burgers.  Found out they were the Good Dog burger, a patty stuffed with cheese.  Oh my god. We'd just eaten and were prepared to shoot oursevles in the feet (or more helpful, regurgitate previous meal.)  
I love the multiple floors, sorta loud divy feel downstairs, but less noisy options of upstairs.  The bar has a cool set up and feel.  Not sure how to explain it, but walking inside I knew I was home. It reminded me of spots in Portland that feel *safe*. 
My second visit last night had me drinking Caldera IPA in a can, another awesome canned micro, and being presured by my boy across the country to order the burger. I wasn't hungry but I mean, I HAD to.  So I did. For him. For good burger lovers everywhere.  Boy am I glad I did.  
First I LOVE that its served with a mix of regular fries and sweet potatoe fries.  Both awesome.  Love sweet potatoe fries.  The burger was huge and the fact that it was filled with cheese was what made it *special*.  Otherwise the flavors were a little strange.  I don't remember the type of cheese, but it was a stinky blue type (which I love) but didn't quite go with the french onion soup tasting onions on the burger.  The aoli type dipping sauce had good flavor.  It's certainly worth trying....  
Any and every time I visit Philly, I am coming to this bar.  I haven't yet gotten drunk here, so that will have to be in order for the next visit. And definitely some more of those fries. 
Thank you for existing in this otherwise ritsy (?) section of city.Good Dog Bar is a small cozy place located in Center city with a reputation for a great burger and decently priced drinks. Their menu has a nice fusion element to it which made for some surprising combinations. However, we decided to go traditional with the Good Dog burger as this is why we heard about them in the first place.  The burger was juicy and hit the spot. The bacon was crispy and thick. The side of fries was a combination of kennebec and sweet potato which was amazing as sweet potato fries alone can get a little sweet by the end of it. Accompanied with the meal, they had a dank sauce which I'm not really sure what it was. They had a good selection of beer which gave us plenty to choose from and helped deal with the HUGE "snowstorm" that day. The service was a little slow when we went, but I know this is not the norm as they are able to handle larger crowds pretty well. The only reason I gave them four stars is due to the price for extra sides and toppings which ended up making the meal more expensive than we wanted. We enjoyed the overall experience though and if youre in the area and looking for a cozy little bar with some great food and drinks, this is your place.I stopped in for lunch and had a great time. The atmosphere is great, the staff were friendly, and the food was great. If I lived in Philly I would be back for happy hour.The food was good.  I wouldn't say it was the best I've had, but good.  The atmosphere was fun, old tavern bar.  Wooden booths and seats, felt like you just stepped back in time.The food here is really good, and is priced reasonably for Center City. I had the Duck pot pie, it was really savory, Flaky crust and filling. My friend had the BBQ salmon Sand which, she said the salmon was perfect and the piece of fish was entree size at sand which price. a couple of brown nut lagers, and home by 11Pm...great place on weeknight, bet it gets mobbed on weekends, but the upstairs probably helps.so i must say i went to this joint because it was featured on the food network, and i was not impressed. we ordered three apps, the cheesesteak empanadas, the calamari, and the chicken quesadilla. the empanadas werent that good and the dipping sauce was worst, the calamari was edible good breading dipping sauce a little to sweet but ok and the quesadilla was horrible flavorless and expensive. the service was ok though.Don't even remember what day of the week I ended up here with a group of friends.  Food was pretty darn good and the other liked the beer.
The Good Dog burger is recommended.  It comes with potato and sweet potato fries mixed together... cool!Everything I have ever ordered from Good Dog has been delicious.  Menu musts are the good dog burger (cooked medium so the cheese inside stays semi-solid) and the cheesesteak empanadas.  The only downside is that the place is small and tends to be crowded (even on weekdays).Went back to Good Dog for the first time in awhile.  Ordered my favorite - brisket grilled cheese.  However, this time I was vastly disappointed.   What had formerly been a big delicious grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with brisket, was this time a wimpy sandwich with a tiny bit of cheese and a limited amount of watery meat.  Luckily for the Good Dog, I live around the corner and will probably be back at some point.  However had I made a special trip there after all the recent publicity, I would definitely not go back.Great handmade burgers, love the mixed fries(sweet potato and regular), nice beer list and even better prices($1 off HH). Great downtown find. Cheers!Awwwww yeah people!  A few yelpers descended upon the Good Dog last night and good times were had. 
I didn't get the Duck Pot Pie as I said I would on my next visit simply because I don't think my body can take any more poultry at this point. So I detoxed with the Good Dog Burger again and it was better than the first time! So effing good, and the fries were fresh and crisp this time as well so extra star!
Once again, the jukebox rocked as before. This time getting my head bobbing to Stephen Malkmus, 2pac, and Spoon in a row...I like it.
I like you, good dog. Sit. Stay!You're insane if you don't get dinner while you're here. The duck pot pie is crazy good.Finally made it here after seeing it on Food Network!  
Had the Duck Pot Pie.  It was...ok.  It needed more flavoring/seasoning.  The accompanying salad was ok.  Friend had the burger, it was huge!  Drinks were good, our waitress was good.  
This place was ok.Good beer selection (as you'll find most places in this city) and a nice atmosphere.  The food, in my opinion, is just okay, but a lot of that probably has to do with the fact that I don't like sweet potato fries (and I feel like fries can make or break a place).  I will say that the cornbread is DELICIOUS (and only a buck-fifty to boot)!We finally checked this place out last Friday. We got there around 5 and grabbed a booth on the ground floor, which worked out well because the place filled up soon after. The place isn't much to look at, but the beer selection was great and the food was really good. The hummus was excellent, as were the cheesesteak empanadas. I found the duck pot pie good but too much of the same thing after a while. My wife loved the mac and cheese.
We'll definitely be back. This place a great spot to hang out.This place is great. Officially my favorite bar in Philly. Not a sports bar at all, but was still able to watch hockey game. Good beer selection, great vibe. 
Had the burger for dinner, which was really good and original (stuffed with cheese).
As far as music, P-Funk was playing when we walked in, which was great. However, by the time we left (several hours later) really bad 80s music had come on. Kinda got annoying but not a big deal.  
And the place is covered with pics of dogs which is cool. 
Great place. just go.Friendly staff, good food, greasy lunch bites. No complaints.  Bring a scarf, the fans are efficient.Nice dive bar.  Warm dark interior.  Friendly good looking crowd.  Nice sophisticated cocktails, or cheap cold beer.  Cheers to that.  Awesome duck pot pie.  Bud liked his mac-n-cheese with blueberry cornbread.  Close to everything.  Win-win.  Classy bartenders in that perfect divey bar way.  Since I like dogs more than I like most people, there was something extra comforting being surrounded by cool dog-stuff.  If you happen to be a dog person, definitely hit up the 2nd floor "dog bar" at Steven Starr's "The Dandelion" on S 18th.  The polar opposite of dive bar (see separate review) - but a dog lovers comfort station for adult libations and food.  I say hit up both spots.  Woof.Good food, fun atmosphere, great Beer selection. Plus, they were on the food network. What more can you ask for?Very divey. the food is good. The staff is.......reasonable. I feel like this is another place if you know them you are probably getting way better service than if you are a normy coming in from the outside world. The two guys besides us got this lovely conversation from the bartender who just like of looked at us like we were people made of solvent green. was he nice when we had him, yes. will we be back...absolutely.i like going to the good dog on wednesdays for they have half price cans of beer including my favorite, boddingtons!! their burger is really good too, topped with fried onions and injected with roquefort cheese. yum!We went here on a suggestion from locals and all I can say is amazing! The service, food, and atmosphere was fantastic!As a place to hang out for drinks, Good Dog is PACKED on weekends.  As in, you won't be able to find a place to sit, and possibly won't be able to find a place to stand, at least on the first two floors.  On the third floor, you might, but there is no bar there.  If you go on a slightly more off-time, PLEASE order one of the yummy Good Dog burgers with melted cheese inside the patty.  Healthy, no.  Scrumptious, oh yes.Our waitress kept our beers coming quickly and we did not have to wait long to get our food. I got a piece of blueberry cornbread from the sides menu for an appetizer and it was delicious: moist, with just the right amount of sweetness from the blueberries. I wanted to get the burger with the cheese inside, but I only eat red meat well done and the waitress said if I got that burger well done, all the cheese inside would cook out anyway, so I might as well get a regular burger, which I did. I am not a huge fan of red meat so I rarely get burgers but was in the mood for one, and it was good by my inexperienced standards. The best part of it was the combination regular potato/sweet potato french fries. They tasted fresh and homemade, not too greasy, with just salt and pepper sprinkled on. They made the whole trip worthwhile! Also they had the Phillies game on multiple TVs, so how could the meal not have been good?I was in Philadelphia for work and ended up eating dinner here on two consecutive nights due to a series of events. I usually like to try different places when I travel but I didn't mind going back here. First this is a "dive". It's not fancy it's not a place to impress a date if that's what you're about the food is really good and I recommend this place at least once in your visit. The first night I had the good dog burger which is stuffed with Roquefort cheese. This is one the best burgers I've ever had, easily top three I've ever had in my life. The beef itself was delicious and I could have had it plain. It is stuffs with Roquefort cheese and it adds the perfect flavor contrast and tang - i also added bacon because I love bacon on everything. The beef and bacon are locally sourced and both awesome. The fries it comes with were average but it didn't matter, my focus was the burger. The bartender was also super cool and I enjoyed the conversation. The second night I had the mussels, another of my favorite dishes, which were average. I also had the empanadas - these were really good. The flavor of the filling is phenomenal, my only complaint is that perhaps there is too much dough and not enough filling. Totally recommend trying this place, it won't disappoint.Good Dog is now one of my favorite bars in Philadelphia. I've been a number of times and consistently am satisfied.
I spend very little time at the downstairs bar, to be honest, and head to the second floor to order my beverages. I take said beverages to the third floor, where the pool table and dart board are stationed.
Sometimes I get one of their burgers. I think the one called 'Good Dog' is in my top three burgers in Philly. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys meat and cheese. It comes with their signature sweet/regular potato fries mix.
An awesome spot to relax in the afternoon.Was going to go to Max Brenner for dinner but it was a 45min wait so I decided to come here since the rating was pretty good. The atmosphere was good but not the food. I usually check the yelp reviews before going to a place so I can try their most utterly amazing dishes and yelp reviews have failed me. Wings for $14 dollars?? Are you otta your mind? Would never order it If my bf didn't love wings. The menu says there's 10 pieces, yeah there was, except it was ten small pieces that was dry and not good.
 The bf got the good dog burger $12.50 because I told him it was the most popular. Sorry,  guess I was wrong cause he didn't like it. If it made him feel any better, the duck pot pie $17 was .......... Um.... Refund please! Portion or the duck and filling were small compared to the crust that surrounded the ramekin. the crust was hard and covered half the portion of the meal.  When my pie arrived, it was still cold on the inside. After bringing the pie in for rebake, the server didn't come over at all until my food got reheated. He gave us the check after and I looked pissed and didn't make eye contact so he took off the beer that I ordered. Don't think that justifies anything. 
This place is overpriced and overrated. I would give it 0 stars if I could. If anything..... The server was friendly before I told him my food was cold.Great spot to grab a drink & hang out with friends! The mussels are fantastic! The beer selection could be larger.The prickle back was weirdly good. Our servers were great that tomato dipping sauce for the fries is amazing. I had the bahn mi. Recommend if you're in philly!I like Good Dog!  However one important warning:   BE CAREFUL EATING THEIR BURGERS!  The burger we ordered was filled with juicy goodness - to juicy.  My buddy bit into his big ole juicy burgher and projectiled burger juice all over me and the table.  Pretty funny hahaha - but I have to say I did not enjoy burger spooge all over me the rest of the day.  Also the waitress was pretty darn good as well.  Go enjoy get a burger and then watch the people get smashed at the bar.  :)I visited Good Dog as part of my quest to eat all of the good food and drink all of the good beer in Philly in one weekend.  (Obviously, that's unpossible, but I like to try!)
I loved the environment. I'm an aging punk rocker and it's always great to see people with Misfits shirts and tattoos filling a place.  At the same time, since it was 2pm on a Saturday, there was a family with a small child there and it totally wasn't out of place.  
The ambiance was cool, including a great mix of music playing.  As you might expect, there were tons of pictures of dogs on the wall.  Apparently Good Dog has a dog photo contest every year, and these appeared to be the entrants.  
The beer list was solid, but not as extensive as I might've hoped.  I think there were about 10 beers on top and a handful of bottles and cans.  I usually expect a bit more selection from someplace when I am looking for a true beer bar, but the things they do have are solid choices.
I kept hearing about how good the burgers were.  I was kind of disappointed to see they actually only had 2 meat burgers on the menu.  Since I'm not a fan of "stinky" cheeses, I didn't opt for the burger stuffed with Roquefort.  My friend did get it and liked it, but said it wasn't MIND BOGGLING.  I got the regular burger and had a similar reaction.  The fries are a mixture of regular fries and sweet potato fries - which is good if you like sweet potato fries, but I don't.  I did love that they brought out aioli for the fries automatically though.  
The service was pretty good in the beginning, but our server kind of disappeared around the time we were getting ready to leave.  It wasn't a big deal, but we did wait for our check for about 10-15 minutes.  
Overall, Good Dog didn't live up to the hype for me, but I wouldn't mind going back.I'm not a big dog person (I relate more to the quiet contemplation that cats seem to possess) so the whole canine motif of Good Dog didn't warm the cockles of my heart like it does for some people. But don't fret; this is no Chuck E. Cheese for pup lovers. It just so happens that it's a great bar that serves some kick-ass food.
I found myself here recently with a group of yelpers who sang Good Dog's praise, and now I know why. The menu is awesome (filled with sandwiches and such) and the portions are humongous. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with fries and ended up feasting on it for lunch the next day, too. Bonus points for a good jukebox!
There are two floors, but that night the upstairs was closed for a private event. Can't wait to check it out again and throw some darts (for fun and sport, not at people. Maybe at loud dogs, though. Just kidding.).Somehow this place mistakenly got on the food network. It's terrible. Soup out of a can, lousy fries, greasy sandwiches. Go elsewhere yelpers. Whatever you heard about this place being great for vegetarians was all lies. It's only attractive to people who lack taste buds.First time here in Philly... love this place. Anything below 5 stars is an insult. Great people, amazing food, and awesome drinks.As a single lady I enjoy a little eye candy when I'm at a bar.  Not much of that going on in Good Dog, but that's not the reason for the bad review.  Maybe it's just me, but I've been to this place a few times and I don't get what the fuss is about and why it's so loved.  The food is awful.  I've had the cheesesteak empanadas: disgusting.  And the sauce to dip them in? Gross.  Last time I was there was on Tuesday night because we were hungry and 1 of the people in my group of 6 said we HAD to go there.  I told him I'm not a fan, but I didn't wanna be a Debbie Downer so I reluctantly agreed.  He ordered the quesadilla, which looked like dog food (maybe that's what they're going for due to the name?) and the buffalo shrimp.  Not impressed with either but I wasn't paying for the apps, so what did I care?  I ordered the grilled cheeses which comes with cheddar, swiss, bacon, and apple.  Can't screw up a grilled cheese, right? Wrong.  Absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The fries seemed stale and hard, and the chipotle aioli had no flavor.  I'm not gonna pack on pounds for nothin!   Needless to say I didn't eat it.  Jillian Michaels doesn't kick my ass every morning for me to ingest those tasteless calories!
With my disgusting spiked arnold palmer (Jack & lemonade) that I didn't drink and my flavorless grilled cheese, I somehow managed to pay nearly $30.  WHA??? HUH???
If I want GOOD food and beer I'll stick to Bishop's.Fantastic Food and Staff here.
Went in for latenight bar food on a weeknight just because it was nearby and still open.   Ended up staying, eating and drinking way longer and more gluttonously than planned because the I had to have second order of their fries...and another round of drinks to go w/the fries...and wings to go with those drinks...etc.etc.  The staff is great--friendly and fun and fast.
Their fries (mixture of savory and sweet) are the best thing to happen to potatoes in Philly:)Great bar with high quality food.  You would never expect the food to be so great when just looking at the front of it.  I love that the bar is small and is pretty much a hidden treasure.  The food is quality and it comes fast.  The Buffalo Shrimp is delicious and wow they give you a lot.
The house aioli is killer too.  I put that on everything.'Are you eating?' Was the greeting we received from the extremely unpleasant server.  We had seated ourselves less than a minute before so needed a minute maybe to look everything over.  She abruptly left the table.
When she came back I jokingly asked her if the $17 beef tacos were an April fools joke and got a gruff response.  
So we decided to take a check instead and eat elsewhere.  Give me a break with your rude service and overpriced tacos good dog is not THAT good. Bad dog.Still my favorite burger in philly. Good drinks and fun pictures of dogs. Go see Shari when she is working, sweetest and most attentive server in the joint.Is it me or has the food quality slipped over the last year?
Last week I stopped in for my old standby:  the Good Dog burger topped with caramelized onions and gruyere cheese.  Burger was as good as ever and was cooked to my medium rare specifications.  But the accompanying fries (mix of Yukon and sweet potato) were SO not fresh it really killed the meal for me and really made me ask myself why I'm paying $12.50 for a burger and fries in a pub.
Service remains friendly and laid back, in a "need anything, dude?" kinda way.  Glad that hasn't changed.Been there twice now. First time was a burger, which was very good. Second time was Memorial Day, which I appreciated them being open for lunch. Wings and banh mi sandwich. Wings were above average, but the sandwich didn't meet my love of banh mi. Not their fault, as they are a pub, not a Vietnamese bakery. 
Service has been great and beer selection is unique. Just a warning, pretty cramped space, if you have more than 3-4 people, chances are you are not sitting together.I love Good Dog so much that I painted it! http://achagallery.wordpress.com/gallery/art-028/
But for real, this is always one of my first suggestions when people want to do a chill happy hour in center city.  They have great food - I'd recommend the Veggie Cake (it's a veggie burger...), and the fries are awesome too (half sweet potato fries/half regular)!  They have a decent beer-line up of things on tap, and Wednesday nights is half price cans.  Nice atmosphere too - cozy with red walls and black&white photographs of dogs everywhere!The menu was greatly diverse, almost too "poppy" for its own good. The food was good, I wouldn't say it was anything out of this world. Would I go back? I won't say no, but I'm also not going out of my way to get there. I guess that dogs covering the wall make for a pretty unique atmosphere, so it does have that!Good Dog Bar seems to be a restaurant that wants to stand apart from the regular bar scene. Their food seems adventurous, and they have a trademark french fry mix of sweet potatoes and Yukon gold that comes with an aioli sauce. Their signature burger is stuffed with roquefort, and is a real mouthful. They have a great selection of local stuff on tap, and the usual fare in bottle/can. But, most importantly, the staff is amazingly friendly, and seem to want to share their favorite food and beer choices with new customers. The customers range from hipster to business to tourist, and they all mix in a surprisingly attractive design of a bar. The music (at least when I was there) was a jukebox mix of late 50's to early 60's pop. If I lived in Philadelphia, I'd go at least once a week to try something new.Came here with my buddy James before going to see Kevin Hart tonight. The food was INCREDIBLE. Keep up the good work, and I'll definitely be back with more of my friends. NJ is not to far for food like this. you guys are awesome. 1000 starsThe good dog burger with that aioli sauce is perfection!  The service is great and the dive-bar atmosphere is home-y and quite charming.The problem with this place is the bartender if your not a girl he will ignore you, I even placed an order for drinks and he wandered off and started serving some other ladies down at the opposite end of the bar. I do not recommend this place unless you have a woman to order drinks for you.Down & dirty hipster bar in Philly. Some would call it a dirt bar or a dive. But, very comfortable; felt like the Philly bars of my youth. Different though, due to the great selection of local craft beers and decent eclectic pub grub. Things have gentrified a bit. Met friends for dinner. Sat in the back on the first floor.At 7:30 AM I receive a text from my parents, " you've got to try Good Dog Bar. We saw it on Triple D." Asian parents. They're so silly. Anyways, I was told to eat the duck pot pie and the empanadas since they were featured on the show. Surprisingly, I found myself 2 blocks from this place later that day and decided to drop in. It's an easy place to miss if you don't know where you're going. There's a convenient sign with a dog collar outside so you should be able to see it if you keep your eyes peeled... or taped open.
It's a nice little bar (dive?). Pictures of random dogs every where. I guess that's fitting decor! You sit down anywhere (it's limited!) and then someone comes to serve you. Service was great. Tried the wings, roast chicken and the duck pot pie. Wings were delicious. Could have more of those. The duck pot pie was good, but wasn't OMG I CAN DIE NOW good. But for a personal size pie, it cost me $15 I think. shocking. 
Food was good, but expensive. Should I have expected that? I dunno. You can try it if you like, but nothing really wowed me about it.The food, drinks, and service were good. The bouncer was rude. He used profanities with us completely unnecessarily as we were leaving. I'm not sure why they have someone like that greeting their customers as they come and go. Otherwise, the place was great. It was a shame that our visit was tarnished by that creep.One of the best burgers in Philly, hands down.
Came here three times.  Realized on the second time that there's three floors, which is a nice surprise.  If you wanna eat, it's best to sit on the second floor which is more of a dining area.  
Ordered the Good Dog roquefort-stuffed burger, promptly died, and went to heaven. Not only was it big enough to feed two people, but it literally melted in my mouth like butter. The roquefort oozes out of the center of the burger and the sweet potato fries on the side served with an aioli sauce paired so well with it.  $12.50 for a burger might seem a bit pricy, but trust me when I say it's entirely worth it. My friends also tried the cheesesteak empanadas (featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives) and the veggie burger.  Both were pleased with their choices.
There's different drink specials each night.  I think the one we got was some $3 cans deal and I got Strongbow at a discounted price, which was nice.  They have a pretty good selection of craft beers on tap, too.  Also, one night, we racked up close to a fifty dollar tab and when I got my check, the bartender had hooked me up and only charged me for the food, so our bill was only $26. Mistake or not, it was a nice surprise.
Overall, if you're looking for a hole in the wall place to drink good beer and eat delicious food at moderate prices, this is the place to go.This place rocks. The drunken hummus is great and both the vegan burger and the vegan sloppy joe are amazing. Oh, but the winner is the beer! They have such an awesome beer selection and the staff are friendly and accommodating. I also enjoy that this place is a more hipster-y, local crowd and doesn't seem to attract the douche-baggery that many other Center City bars tend to attract! Getting a table on a weekend evening can be tricky, but the wait is generally not too long, just put your name in and grab a brewskie at the bar!First thing I noticed when I went to the Good Dog Bar was the distinct smell of bleach.  I understand that they're trying to be clean, but at least air the place out after everything is wiped down.  The bleach smell was an immediate turn off.  The service was very good. The food, honestly, I do not see what all the hype is about.  Is it because this place was on "Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins?"  Because it's if that's the case, then Guy Fieri must have been desperate or paid to feature this place on his show.  I ordered the brisket grilled cheese.  There wasn't anything specifically wrong with it.  I believe it was fresh, it was well-prepared, but it was just a grilled cheese w/brisket - nothing special, and it wasn't even very good tasting, it was rather bland.  The fries were fresh, and the appetizers - breaded, fried peppers and cheesesteak empanadas - were OK, but the dips that accompanied these items were ice cold.  My dining partner ordered the burger and claimed it was good, but again, nothing special.  The other thing, I order a Coke or Pepsi with my meal, and whatever it was, it was NOT Coke or Pepsi.  First of all, it was flat, and second it tasted like some generic brand cola.  Overall, there's nothing special here, but there is a lot of hype.  If you're looking to drink, then you'll probably like this place, but if  getting something good to eat is your goal, you might want to look elsewhere.Good dog is a nice, relaxed place to get a beer and a burger.  They always have something interesting on tap, and the service has always been friendly.  I try to stay on the second floor, in order to get a table and some food.  
I tried the Good Dog Burger (stuffed with blue cheese and topped with caramelized onions on a brioche bun).  This is a pretty good, messy, burger.  I like the brioche bun and the onions, I could have done with some lettuce and tomato on the burger though.  
The fries weren't so great.  It was a mix of sweet potato and white potato fries, the fries were shriveled as spongy.  I left most of them on the plate.  
Good Dog can get pretty crowded, I usually end up here later in the evening, when it starts to thin out a bit.  
I would like to go back to try the duck pot pie.A pretty neat bar. We got the shrimp tacos off of the specials menu and grilled chicken sandwich. The shrimp tacos are very mediocre but the sandwich was awesome!Good Dog looks like any other been-there-a-while, let's-grab-a-beer bar.
EXCEPT.
The food is WAY more interesting and WAY better than you'd expect.
I had the Buffalo Shrimp Po' Boy and absolutely loved it! The seafood was fresh, the sauce was tangy, and the dressing was delish. It was topped with celery sprouts, which I somehow loved even though I hate celery. My bf had the Good Dog Burger. He really liked the burger itself but found the Roquefort cheese a bit too strong for his liking, and he didn't eat most of it. 
Our waiter was attentive but laidback, which was perfect, and when the kitchen confused a detail of our order, he made sure we got an order of Signature Fries right away. I can't say enough about the sweet potato fries. They're probably the best I've ever had. And the dipping sauce was perfect. My bf, however, preferred the regular fries. There were so many that we probably only finished half the bowl.
Though I loved the food, I am deducting a star because of the bathrooms. They're not terrible, but they're a definite reminder that I'm in an old bar instead of a modern gastropub.One star for the miserable sack of crap day time bartender.  If you hate your life and job so much either quit or kill yourself, asshole.  I'm here to enjoy a beverage not deal with your lame "I aged too fast and regret my tattoos" emotional projections.  
Otherwise, not a bad place.  Try the good dog salad.there is little to say that hasn't already been said in the other 115 reviews...so i'll try to keep this brief. i LOVE this place! and no, not just because photos of my pup adorn its walls...tho i would never want my baby on the wall of a less than fabulous establishment, that's for sure! and it's not like he won the annual dog photo contest (outrage!) or perhaps then i'd be a bit biased. so much for keeping this brief... aaaaanyway....
i'm not gonna talk about the superb selection of beers on tap or the fact that GD has quite possibly the best jukebox in center city. this review is all about the FOOD...from a vegetarian's perspective, of course.
for starters, us veggies have OPTIONS...i like options. less so for vegans, tho they do offer a few. there is always a featured quiche, pizza and cobbler of the day....and 9 times out of 10, the quiche (which comes with a side of mixed greens) is veg, i order it, and i love it. 
my absolute fave dish is the veggie cake sandwich which kicks the ass of any veggie burger i have ever consumed! as if it wasn't tasty enough on its own, it comes topped with beet chips for that perfect added crunch reminiscent of my high school days when i snacked on bagels with cream cheese & cool ranch doritos. crap, i hope that doesn't negate any respect i may have had...i swear i have discriminating taste!!
all sandwiches come with a side of the to-die-for fries. as much as i am a sucker for sweet potato fries...i am also obsessed with goat cheese, and so for an extra $2 i opt to upgrade to a more than ample side of the good dog salad instead (which also includes dried cranberries & almonds). fyi, it's only $1 to upgrade to the mixed greens. 
other GD veg dishes i have enjoyed to the last finger lickin/plate scrapin bite: goat cheese & beet salad (that's right - TWO salads with goat cheese!) // fried mozz // artichoke dip // mediterranean wrap // grilled cheese sans bacon // baked mac n cheese. see? options :) unfortunately, the dipping trio (which used to rotate fillings much like the empanadas) disappeared from the menu about a year ago or so. i keep dreaming that it will reappear one day as i LOVED (x3) those phyllo cups of yum! here's hoping someone at good dog is reading this and wants to make a gal's dream come true.......please?