I am shocked this place is so well-regarded.  
1. They ran out of bread.  Who the hell runs out of bread?  I had to eat my lame pepper steak in a tortila.  Worse - the staff was annoyingly jovial about the issue and said "Oh, we always run out of bread."    Well, if you always run out of bread, DEMAND IS CLEARLY HIGHER THAN SUPPLY - ORDER MORE!    Now, I am no Wharton graduate, but this should be obvious.
2. Beside the bread issue, my pepper steak was below average.  Just kinda 'bleh'.
3. Also had the chance to try the 'chimichanga' which was flat out disgusting.  It tasted like all the ingredients (beans, rice, etc) were bathed in dirty dish water before being added to the wrap.  Horrible.
I eat meat, but I also love creatively done vegan/vegetarian stuff.  I've been to Horizons, Red Bamboo, etc. . . and this place really doesn't hold a candle to anything like that.There are two schools of vegetarian: those that embrace vegetables -- from beans to greens to grains -- and the 'meat substitute' kind.  Lately, restaurants have been trending toward the former, but Govinda's is squarely in the old camp.
Perhaps faux-meet vegetarian can work, but it doesn't at Govinda's.  My "burger lover's" wrap contained a soy-based "meat" with a pungent after taste.  It was so unappetizing that neither I nor my companion could finish it.  The other dinner, a "meat"ball sandwich, was at least palatable, but only barely so -- with generous camouflage courtesy the cheese and tomato sauce.
The French fries we shared were greasy and soggy.
(We did eat in the quick-serve area closer to the corner of Broad & South; the dining room was closed for renovations, and perhaps that menu might be different).
Can meat-substitute vegetarian restaurants work?  It has been done successfully -- the Horizons restaurant comes to mind.  But for me, this sort of place gives vegetarianism (and veganism) a bad name.  Implicit in eating here is a sort of compromise: the food tastes weird, and to the degree that it's editable, it's because it's been smothered in cheese, as in each of the items in our order.
Rather, a better (and tastier) model for vegetarianism is to embrace all vegetables, and create delicious dishes, not poor meat substitutes.  Beans, cous-cous, hummus, yellow rice, bell peppers, asparagus, green beans -- all can be ingredients in delicious dishes.  
But Govinda's takes the other approach -- vegetables are just along for the ride.  Until restaurants like this one get the message, vegetarians/vegans are doomed to the stereotypes; we're going to have to keep answering the question "how can you eat that stuff?" and "if all you can eat is salads, don't you get hungry?"
So, in sum, the ingredients were reasonably fresh, but the faux meat was revolting.  Go elsewhere.I wish I could give this place a better review, as the 'chicken' cheese steak is great. However, the service here is sooooo slow that it makes me reluctant to stop in. Even when I tried calling ahead, I still found myself waiting. 
Be prepared to wait.Love this place, staff seems to change often so service can be hit or miss but food is great. Highly recommend you try vegan or not.So I was really excited to eat here after reading the reviews and it didn't live up to the hype for me. It was pretty good food, not terrible but the atmosphere was just too crowded and dingy for me. We wanted to eat at the fine dining part but I wasn't really sure how to get into it so we just walked into the "to-go" part. There really isn't much room to stand if there's a line and it's really tiny, there are as few seats on the other side but not that many. 
I got the soy ham and egg salad wrap on a chili wrap, I'm not gonna lie, I thought it was real ham and when I took my first bite I thought it was amazing. After eating more and more, I started to not like it was much, I think the ham had a different after taste since it's not really ham. I think the idea of eating the ham again made me a little nausaus. I don't think it's because of the food but just me over thinking it. My boyfriend got the Golden Tofu wrap (I think) with a wheat wrap and I thought that was really good. The rice in it tasted really good. We had gotten the chicken nuggets as an appetizer but it came out half way through our meal so we weren't that hungry to eat it. It tasted and peeled like real chicken, crazy! I'm not a big fan of BBQ sauce, which is what they give, but overall those were pretty good. We got ice cream as dessert and it was good! I loveeeeee mint chip ice cream and they had just that.
I know you're thinking so why 3 stars? It's more for overall appearance along with food. I guess I can't expect too much in Philly to be spotless but it is what it is. It was just a little too small and crowded for my liking.Excellent food and service. Only reason they lose a star is because the ambiance is lacking.So I had hi hopes for Govinda's because the reviews are great and I love a good vegan-friendly place, being a vegan myself. Unfortunately the food did not live up to my expectations. I ordered the golden tofu wrap on the spinach tortilla, a brownie, and a samosa. The wrap was supposed to have peppers, tahini sauce, rice, and soy cheese along with the tofu. All that was in my wrap was rice, a creamy sauce and tofu. The brownie and samosa were fine, but since I came for dinner, I am pretty sure they had been sitting out all day. Also the cheesecakes are extremely over-priced and were just tossed into the freezer, many upside down. The food is priced pretty good for vegan food but it felt unorganized and messy.3 and a half star average? Really? So it's between 'A-OK' and 'I'm a fan'? So, what does that make it? 'I'm OK'? How very humble of you, Philly.
Well, I have to say that you're more than OK. I was overwhelmed by your warmth. I'm not talking about the summer heat, but the 22 responses within 12 hours to my 'Veggie Cheesesteaks?' talk thread a week ago. You guys are awesome.
And why not when you have places like Govinda's to eat? This place is 'the dog's', as we say in England. I'll leave it to you to see what that means.
I had the Chicken Cheese Steak and was blown away. I think I checked three times just to make sure I wasn't breaking my rules and actually eating meat. It was soooooo delicious. And at just $8 is great value. I loved the veganaise sauce and the vegan cheese... there really was nothing I didn't like about it.
The best thing about this place for me is its self-awareness. I really got the feeling that they know what they are and they're fine with it. They don't pretend to be anything more, they aren't so pretentious to jack up the prices because they know they make awesome food, and they sell delicious extras like funky juices and massive cookies.
I'll definitely be back when I'm next in town. And I'll be sure to go anywhere else Philly Yelpers recommend!!!Ok so I'm from Connecticut but all of my family lives in Philly so when I visit I make it my mission to go to Govindas. This place is my first stop when I'm get there and the last when I'm going. I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything when I get the chicken cheesesteak and I always get a couple to go. Make sure to get it in a hard roll, the wrap is good but the roll is better. Also try a couple of their donuts, they're better than non vegan ones!as a vegetarian living in center city, sandwich options are severely limited. philly just does not seem to be a sandwich town. instead, we have to make due with hoagies, subs, whatever you call them. 
govinda's is the go-to place for vegetarian and vegan friendly fare. but i have to say, i've become a little disappointed over time. 
i used to rave about this place, but recently i've noticed that portions have gotten smaller and prices have gone up. i realize that shadow inflation is happening all over the place and our corporate media is afraid to talk about it, but it hurts even more when prices go up while quality and quantity go down. 
when i am in the mood for fake meat sandwiches, i get either the pepper steak sandwich or the chicken cheese steak. others have described the latter in detail, so i won't go into it. the former, however, is equally tasty in a completely different way. the gooey, saucey fakey meaty concoction lights up your taste buds and glazes your fingers into something even a veg might contemplate nibbling on. 
sometimes i also get the chicken fingers, which are inappropriately named. i don't know what to call them because they're somewhere between a finger and a nugget. maybe chicken mini fillets? anyway, for fakey chicken they are tasty, but somewhat overpriced at $1/mini fillet. when i say mini, i mean it. 
golden tofu is recommended by others i've eaten with, if your compelled to like that sort of thing. i am not. i suck at tofu. 
desserts are of the vegan variety and even though i hear good things, i can't bring myself to eat $6 dairy-free desserts. damn wisconsin upbringing. 
finally, get a tattoo in a visible location before eating here if you don't want to feel out of place. this advice is for the two of you that live in philadelphia without a visible tattoo.Can only judge the Veg Chicken Cheesesteak. A little bland. But I'd be willing to try it again now knowing the taste. Adding lettuce, tomato and mayo, along with changing the bread might have given me that authentic taste I was looking for.Amazing vegetarian chicken / pepper steak cheesesteaks are available here as well as other vegetarian items.  Located on Broad and South it does get a little noisy with street traffic and does seem to take some time to prepare the food, but it is well worth the wait.  They just started doing breakfast but I have yet to try.  GTG is definitely worth checking out vegetarian or not.I got to ha vegan cheesesteak and I really liked it. They were pretty disorganized though and messed up someone else's order when I was there. There was also no print out menu to look at which might be nice. Overall a good experience though!This place has the best fake meat! The vegetarian cheese steak is my go to. I'm not even vegetarian/vegan but I will stop by every time I pass it ! I'll also crave it. When my vegan friend first brought me here I got the vegetarian chicken cheese steak and I was concerned for her because the fo meat tasted so much like chicken I thought it was real! Def recommend to vegetarians and meat eaters who want to try something different! The staff is also very friendly and accommodating!I'm a vegetarian by day, dabbling in the more arcane art of veganism while I ponder yet another dietary change. So I'm going to get my Yelp on about the vegan buffet. $15 gets you the all-you-can-eat routine. But it's the execution that makes it worth the high-ish price.
The salad is, well, salad. But it's the dressing that wowed me. Made from scratch, it's a well-seasoned blend of creamy and woah-there-buddy-I'm-not-THAT-creamy. It makes a salad that is otherwise your typical pile of leaves into a fun dish. And don't be ashamed to dip it in the sesame-seed-crusted bread they bring you. Yes, it's a little over the top, but the dressing and the bread love each other and who wants to stand in the way of love?
Moving on, you have a choice between basmati or organic yellow rice. You've got a rotating choice of four entrees - I prefer the kofti, which they do very well. I also like that the buffet trays are small - it means the food is always fresher. Bigger joints tend to have these huge buffet trays that just sit under heat lamps for hours and by the time you get there, much of the food is FUBAR. Not so at Govinda's.
Oh, and you've got some kickass squash soup to try, too.
Which brings me to my feelings about soup, feelings upon which I feel I should elaborate before continuing to report on this ballin' buffet.
I don't believe in soup. I believe that soup is merely a beverage masquerading as a food. Stew is a food, a hearty dish that weighs more in substantive things like potatoes and carrots than seasoning and broth. Soup is a beverage that is heated up and does not contain anything for which you need a fork. It can confuse he stomach and the mind and is not to be trusted in a dark alley late at night.
So yes, I'm something of a soup hater.
But read carefully: the squash soup Govinda's offers with the vegan buffet is glorious. 
At first, it sneaks up on you, presenting itself slowly with a creamy but not overly rich texture and a sweet, unique, nutty taste. But then a spicy note shows up and says to your tongue "Hey, bet you didn't expect to meet me in here, did you? Well, BAM! Here I am." It's not spicy-spicy, but just a surprise end to wonderful spoonful.
Now, the vegan buffet doesn't include dessert. But they've got more vegan cake selections than a, uh, vegan cake convention.
I went for the Cookies and Cream. It's a chocolate cake with a vanilla frosting, containing the requisite flecks of Oreo-like cookie and sporting the half-cookie in it's cap. It is more moist and rich than anything anyone has ever done with cake. It made me long for the invention of the mythical VeganMeter (which is my idea so don't go getting your infringe on!) to confirm that it is, in fact, 100% vegan.
My friend got the brownie-topped cheesecake. Little brownie cubes atop a potently delicious slab of cheesecake? Excellent. Oh, and it's also vegan. 
My eyes soon grew larger than my stomach, but the waiter had no problem bagging and tagging my leftovers for the trip home.
Now, let's talk atmosphere. You can eat inside, in a dimly lit, well laid out dining area, with plenty of room around the tables. They were almost empty on a Thursday night, but they apparently suggest reservations, so maybe there's something I don't know. 
You can also sit outside, as I did. Nothing to rave about as far as ambiance, but I have no complaints. The host and the waiter were very attentive and engaging (thanks to the waiter for being so adamant about the squash soup, otherwise I probably would have never touched it).
I have yet to try the to-go section of the menu and the establishment, but perusing the menu and watching the smiling faces of patrons on that side of things, I'm encouraged.
Govinda's vegan buffet is well worth the walk I need to take from Center City West to get there.To go review:
I really would like to start this review with 5 stars, but we are going to have to trim that a little. Minus one for prices, you're a take out joint with sit down prices. I've heard you've raised them, which makes me even sadder. I'd like to say I'd take another star off, but I can't find an exact reason to. Your employees have never been rude to me, although you do dish out the stink eye when you're not left a tip. You deal with my many changes and the wait time isn't terrible considering you make everything in front of me to order. 
I love whatever "chicken" you use, especially in the chicken burger. I've had the chicken cheesesteak wrap as well and I can get down with the cubed style. Whatever pickles you use, they remind me of the ones growing up and I'd like extra please. 
Now that I'm writing this, I'm contemplating revisiting in the near future. New to Philly? Regardless if you are a carnivore or vegetarian- it's worth giving this place a shot.I would not eat here!!! When we walked in the place was disgustingly nasty. but since we were there we decided it would be safe to get ice cream. we got our ice cream and went to pay for it. we had a 25 percent of entire purchase online coupon that was good until august 3rd 2016 so a month left. they refused to honor the online coupon so we paid and left. i will never return to this place and highly recommend no one else does. If i could select less than one star i would.I just went to Govinda's for the last time. I used to come here all the time and recommend it to every single vegetarian/vegan I knew. I have literally eaten dozens of chicken cheesesteaks from here. My wife and I stood at the counter for 5 minutes tonight before the guy at the grill bothered to tell us they were closed. This was at 9 pm. They close at 11 pm. This is posted on the door and is available online. This is the 4th time we have been turned away more than 1 hour before they closed. If you want to run a business, do it. If you really don't care whether or not people come to your business, open Govinda's.This has become one of my favorite take-out restaurants.  I love their Chicken Cheese Steak with Soy Cheese!  It is so good you'll think they put real meat in it!  I also tried the Golden Tofu Wrap but I was not impressed with it as it had way too much rice and not enough tofu.  I ate in the restaurant once and I would not recommend it.  It is too small, no wait staff,  and the tables tend to get dirty with food bits from previous customers.  Good for take-out though!Govinda's and I go waaaay waaay back. In 2008, I was living in Chicago for almost a decade when I decided to get back in touch with my "skipping high school to hop a bus from Harrisburg to hang out on South Street" day trip enthusiast roots in Philly. I booked a fight, a hotel, and planned: hanging out in Philly as an adult with money from my big girl job was going to open up a whole new side of the city. Woo!
But, first things were first: where to get a seriously good vegetarian cheesesteak? Not only did I feel inauthentic for growing up near the city and never trying one (kind of tough after voluntarily giving up meat at age 15), I was so sick of Midwesterners familiar with Philly's forever cheesesteak rivalry asking me about my favorite cheesesteak place and having NOTHING to say about it. If I could find a place that could sell me something similar and soy or wheat gluten-based, I could finally belong to this weird society of sloppy meat sandwich eaters, even if it was in a once-removed kind of way. I would have loved to respond to "Jim's or Gino's?!" with some obscure name, in true hipster fashion, as I was. Govinda's would do.
And I think this was the first time I ever seriously used yelp to recommend me the best vegetarian cheesesteak in Philly. I searched for a little bit, but over and over, Govinda's was reported to be the best. So, on the list it went! I would later work this into some evening plans and experience one of the best vegetarian sandwiches of my career as a vegetarian.
The thing I enjoy the most about Govinda's vegan cheesesteak is the balance of ingredients. It's just enough cheese, just enough mayo, and the "chicken" to bread ratio is great. The texture is there and the taste is decent for being a meat substitute product. Now that I live a few blocks away from Govinda's, I realize how diner-y the place is itself. When I was visiting and, a few years later, very, very new to Philly as a resident , I used to shyly order my food and go hide in the back dining room. Now that I'm over that awkward newb phase, I realize, that the front part has a really comfy seating area where, in most places, you can watch the magic happen on the grill. There's a pretty nice view of Broad and South from there , too. 
Have I tried anything else on the menu? No. I'm mostly interested in/have the budget for finding the perfect vegan cheesesteak in Philly, and I continue to return to Govinda's over and over again. It's been a fun hunt but, as of now, this is the place to go! I love having them live down my street, even if I'm just walking by watching college students bond over wheat gluten and soy. Sincerely. I heart Govinda's!This is a vegetarian place that makes food that looks and tastes like meat. "Chicken" cheese steak - arguably better than the real cheese steak, very satisfying, flavorful, good portion, and doesn't have that greasy, fatty taste that makes you regret eating it afterwards. I was blown away the first time I had it and definitely wanted to go back again. 
This is not the vegetarian place where you can see and taste the vegetable. I have no idea what went into making my "chicken". Just have to trust it. 
The biggest downside is the wait time. They typically only have two people working and it takes foreveerrrrr to make the food. No matter you are dining in or having it to go.  Impatient customers seating around the counter is a common phenomenon. Be prepared to entertain yourself for 20-30 min. Or call in advance to put in your order. I should have done that....The staff there is very friendly though. So chatting up one of them is a good way to kill time. ;)Long time repeat vegan to-go customer here with the real deal... Food is as great as ever!!!... Service staff is consistently courteous, helpful but often "new here." Keep in mind it is a cafe so one can see why to-go ordering is preferred by reviews online. Order food 30 minutes before pick up. Prices were raised as of this post. I ordered over the phone and saw the lunch combo meal's price of $6.50 freshly erased from the board. I was told my two combo meals were $9.00 each (thats a half-sandwich & fries). The cake slice is now $6.00 not $5.00. They didn't have new menus reflecting that price increase or the price increases for all the other items. For now one should ask the price of items before ordering as the board, print menu and online menus are currently inaccurate.I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian and I always make it a point to stop here in addition to one of the real cheesesteak spots. Food is food, and if it's delicious then it's delicious.
The vegan chicken cheesesteak is a really solid sandwich. I actually look forward to it every time I'm in Philly. I get it with really light vegan mayo, just barely spread on the bread, because I can't stand actual mayo at all. But the vegan kind at this place in a very small dose adds a nice oily richness to the sandwich that I love.
The fries are fresh cut and really good too, especially with ketchup. I finish it all off with a Hank's root beer, which sometimes they have available and sometimes they don't, it seems. But if they do, I say get one.
Place is recommended for both vegans and non-vegans.A Chicken Cheesesteak with neither chicken nor cheese (nor steak) is a pretty solid option at Govinda's eve for a meat eater, although next time I will opt for real cheese. The vegan desserts are good too, especially the moist Carrot Cake.  I am thrilled to have a place that I can take both vegans and omnivores and everyone can eat in harmony.AMAZING. Govinda's is simply amazing!  We have been there several times after finally making the hour long trip to the city to try it.  It is now our favorite food establishment ever...period.  We're a veg family and it's so nice to go somewhere that we can order anything on the menu worry free!  Everything we've tried is so delicious.  The food is abundant and fresh, and the prices are just fine.  For the takeout section: my favorite food is without a doubt the Seafood salad wrap.  Oh WOW.  It's pure heaven in a huge soft overstuffed wrap.  How can it taste that awesome yet NOT be real seafood?!?! I I also tried the fish sandwich and that was nice.  My husband, like most reviewers loves the chicken cheesesteak.  We ate at the fine dining section once.  We chose the buffet for $15. That is a NICE price if you ask me!  The food was delicious!  There were about four entrees on the bar and several rice dishes and we received a nice salad with really unique and tasty dressing.  One of the entrees was a tofu in a golden sauce like the wrap in the to-go section.  I found that sauce to be about the best thing I ever ate and found myself putting it on EVERYTHING!!  We ate upstairs and found it to be very quaint and quite romantic!  Highly recommended.  I can't wait to go back.  I just can't wait!Chicken cheesesteak with soy cheese: 4.5/5
The seeded roll was great, and the cubes of chicken had a fantastic texture! I wish I had to options of subbing the peppers for onions, though.
Ham and egg salad in spinach wrap with soy cheese: 3.5/5
It was filled well (almost burrito-like), and tasty. However, that ham did have the notable "fake-meat" ham taste, but it's still good.
Prices were a little high, though..Delish vegan/vegetarian food here!!! The 'chicken' cheesesteak is SO good!!!! You would have no idea it wasn't chicken if you didn't look at the cubes of textured soy protein. They do a beautiful job of seasoning their soy protein so it actually tastes better than the real thing! A winner!!Tasty and flexible. We arrived close to closing and they were out of certain vegetables but made some great substitutions. 
Update your website! I was really looking forward to a full meal...not just a sandwich. But what you came up with was delicious.Not a vegetarian but friends bought me a veggie chicken cheese steak, incredible so filling. honestly if i didn't know it was veggie i would have though it was chicken, very well flavored. great soft hoagie wheat bread for the sandwich as well.The food is hands down the best tasting vegetarian option that's easy for take out. They have a nice edition to sit down to eat with a nice view of south street and the people that walk around. 4 stars because the wait time for 2 cheesesteaks and an order of chicken fingers was 45 minutes. It's 8:30pm so a late dinner with maybe a handful of people still here. The cheesesteaks are always a hit for me and never a miss. The chicken fingers are something new in trying since my brother is in town. Lots of options to choose from and completely vegetarian which is nice.First time here & the food was so good! It was date day & my partner brought me here for the chicken cheesesteak & fish sandwich. When we arrived we order and got some recommendations from the staff. My first thought was that this place needs a an update for sure but it's usually the small places with the best food & I wasn't wrong at all. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5 
Parking availability: 3
Business Energy Cleanliness : 3
Bathrooms: yes, 2
Staff friendliness : 5
Seating Space: 5
Service: 3 
Of course, I ate my partners fish sandwich first before even touching my chicken cheesesteak. Haha . The fish sandwich was so tasty although could have used a bit more soft . I definitely think they could work on presentation of the food. They didn't have much drink options for us to chose from so we shared a all natural hibiscus juice which was amazing ! 
I can't wait to come back & hopefully try something else because their vegan options are amazing & everything on the menu looked amazing . If you're in the area definitely check this place out !Unfortunately there are not many fast food vegan places in the city.  Govindas is one of them.  I have eaten here many times during my adult life and must say that last night will be the final time.  Not that the food doesn't taste good going down, it just doesn't taste good coming up.  Worst indigestion ever - it's fast alright.  Go here if you're dying for some grease, don't trick yourself into thinking, I'm eating vegan, this is healthy... It's not always.Let's be honest, their vegan chicken cheese steak is out of this world! Get it on a whole wheat wrap with vegan cheese and soy mayo -- to die for! I also love that they have Vegan Treats, but I am not sure why they don't order more because they always sell out within a day or so. 
Now, what keeps me from giving this place five stars is the service. Want to call in an order? Well, sometimes you have to call 10 or more times before someone finally decides to answer the phone. Even if you do get someone on the phone, they usually put you on hold for five minutes or longer. It does seem like they might have perhaps hired some new staff, though, because it's been better the last few times I was there. 
Also, they serve dairy, which is very annoying because I have had dairy cheese accidentally put on my vegan cheesesteak on more than one occasion! While they have always fixed the problem, it's very annoying when you have to go all the way back. They have a sign that says they deliver, but whenever I have asked about it, they told me they don't. 
Also, the atmosphere in the kitchen area is really disgusting. Dirty and dingy. Also, there is no air, so in the summer everyone is sweating, even the people hovering over your food on the grill. Also, there always seems to be a long line and moves at a glacial pace. To summarize, the service and atmosphere suck, but the food is so good, I keep going back!On a Friday evening, ordered a golden tofu wrap. Staff were extremely warm and friendly. My only complaint is the long wait: about 15-20 mins. But when my food arrived, it was tasty, warm, and generously portioned. I'd go again for a quick, casual dinner or to order food to-go.I've been to this place several times, each time seemingly worst than the last. Philadelphia is a great place for vegetarian and vegan diners, and for whatever reason they all seem to love it here. The food itself isn't incredibly inventive, just traditional soups, salads, and sandwiches but with vegan meat and cheese substitutes. I'm never wowed by the food, especially for the price. This spot's worst quality is definitely the service. I went in on a Wednesday afternoon, with only one customer ahead of me. I order only the chicken quesadilla and sit at the counter, anticipating a 5-10 min wait, considering how simple of a dish it is. Boy was I wrong. Another woman comes in, who seems to be friends with the cashier and cook, as both of them stopped working to talk to her. She places an order and quickly receives her food. Then I see the cook start a quesadilla, so I'm not too peeved that my order got pushed back. The quesadilla sits on the counter for a few minutes before I ask if it was my food, apparently it wasn't so I continued waiting. Finally I received my chicken quesadilla, after waiting a little over half an hour. The wrap was dry, the vegan chicken had a weird wet, rubbery texture, accompanied with a sprinkle of cheese. Worth the price? No. Worth the wait? Hell no. 2 stars because the cashier wasn't a total jerk. 
TLDR: Philly has great vegan restaurants, this is not one of them. Take your time and money elsewhere.Why do people love this place so much? I mean, the sandwiches are okay, but they're a bit expensive. I remember going here a couple years ago when they listed what was vegan and what wasn't vegan. I guess they stopped doing it because they made everything vegan OR because people were shocked that half of the things weren't vegan. 
Honestly, I only go here for the Vegan Treats cakes. 2 stars for the amazing cake they get on Thursdays!Just an update: I LOVE their rice and beans here. Best I have found in the city.  Basically, it's a Chimchaunga (yep, I have no idea how to spell that ~ but I think you know what I'm sayin' ;) ) without the wrap. If your down with gluten, flour, breads and such then wrap away! You on't be sorry, it's SO Good! :) FINALLY! I have a GOOD 
go-to spot in the city for Rice and Beans :)I don't even like real chicken anymore.
Please just try their vegan chicken cheesesteak so you can die happy, too.
Came here around 9pm last Saturday - they had run out of rolls and I was worried.  Will we miss out on the complete culinary experience as a result? 
Even as we surreptitiously sneered at the adjacent lady grinning down at her 3 huge empty rolls, the aroma wafting through the air and the arrival of our steaming wraps snapped us back.
We each had a different wrap flavor (wheat, spinach and chili) and were all swept off our feet. You can choose your cheese too: mozzarella or soy. I was overtly glad I chose soy as the mozzarella made it too hot to eat immediately and I could pleasantly devour while I watched the others perform the open-your-mouth-for-steam-to-escape charade.
Service was very pleasant.  And although I have yet to try anything else on their menu, judging by the absolute perfection of their "chicken" cheesesteak, I have high hopes.As a born-again vegetarian (as in, I started eating meat because I got lazy) who is increasingly leaning toward a vegan diet, I have to give my love to places like Govinda's. Dedicated to offering delicious non-meat meals and desserts, Govinda's is a breath of fresh air-- especially in a sea of bland tofu dishes from restaurants who try to accommodate the herbivores but fail (I won't mention any names). On a nice sunny afternoon, my boyfriend and I made our way to the Gourmet-to-Go section, and the first thing I thought of was another Yelp review, in which someone said their place was too cramped. It wasn't very busy, but there were a few open tiny tables by the food prep area, nice outdoor seating, and a cozy little dining room that screamed "quaint," in a good way. I'm pretty sure that seating was for the to-go side as well, but I could be wrong. The food itself is very affordable-- boyfriend ordered 1 pepper steak with cow cheese, and I got the "meal deal" (not advertised on their in-store menu, but advertised online) of half a chicken (soy)cheese steak and a cup of chicken salsa soup for a whopping total of $16. Both were totally delicious-- I savored each bite, and wiped the soup bowl clean with the comforting, hearty whole-wheat roll (by the way, who said their bread sucks? I loved it, and love that they offer non-white bread). The ingredients all tasted fresh-- perfect non-spongy seitan (it's hard to get that right), just the right amount of seasoning, melty casein-free soy cheese and non-oily fresh green peppers on a fluffly whole wheat roll. The soup was extremely flavorful too, with a good balance of chicken to corn, swimming in a warming tomato broth with just a touch of spice. We would've sprung for dessert, but completely cleaned our plates and those desserts are kind of pricey, anyway (a birthday splurge is in order next month, though).
So. To summarize:
A is for affordable
B is for Better-than-most veggie options at other restaurants (okay, I'd also say Govinda's is better than most restaurants I've tried in general-- I'm still in post-vegan food coma bliss)
C is for chicken cheese steak! Delicious!
Go there and be prepared to have your taste buds wowed, and your mind blown away by how good vegan dining can be.Hit or miss with both the service and food.
First, attempting to customize an order may put you on a staff member's murder list. Last time I was in I just wanted to order a platter as a sandwich instead of with rice. Roll in place of rice, that's it. Staff was confused, unwilling, unfriendly. 
Next, you might get schmimed on sandwich goodies.. the first time I came here I got a lot more "chicken" and an extra inch of roll than ~8 months later. 
Dessert counter is awesome -- on a good day. If it looks picked over, it's probably 6 days old and the coconut cake that could once melt on your tongue will now make your salivary glands literally cry for more moisture. I think Thursday is Vegan Treats delivery day, so claim that vegan peanut butter cheesecake before the weekend is over. (Because it will cost way too much to settle for a day under perfection.)
If you want the best veg cheesesteak in Philly, try Blackbird. (Or get a cheesesteak BURRITO at Cantina Dos Segundos!) But do get the chicken cheesesteak here, because it's still worth me coming back for. Plus Govinda's has been a veg staple longer than most, so it deserves some cred.Mannnnn soooo gooooodddd!!! Went here last weekend with the drunken munchies and let me tell you this place doesn't disappoint! TRY EVERYTHING ON  THE MENU! SERIOUSLY! I've had a few of their menu options and everything is awesome. Almost everything is vegan, however, make sure you ask for vegan cheeses as they also serve real cheese. I recommend their "meat"ball sub. Its a favorite of mine and the last time I went they ran out of rolls and instead made my sub into a wrap... I'm probably going to always order it that way because it was outta this world. Oh and did I mention, its CHEAP!!!! So for those of you who are being health conscience or those of us who have committed to vegan/vegetarian and are broke, eat here best bang for your buck in the city.Good, affordable vegetarian food in Philadelphia. We always make a stop when we're in town.Oh my gentle Jesus. I moved from the Philly area to Chicago a month ago, and I'm reviewing Govinda's in a fit of homesickness.
I've never eaten in here; my boyfriend and I always picked up or had it delivered, so we ordered from the to-go menu. There aren't enough positive adjectives in the English language for how much I love this food. I'm a vegetarian, so I didn't go for vegan cheese or anything (even though I'm sporadically vegan), because I love hot gooey melted cheese, because I'm human (not to knock vegan cheese; I've eaten it and enjoyed it as well). That said, here's what I ate the numerous times we ordered from here:
Philly Chicken Cheesesteak--ridiculous. 
Ham and Cheese Hoagie--my go-to. I love this sandwich. 
Fish Sandwich--how they do fake fish justice is beyond me, but if it tastes like this I'll take it. 
Seafood Salad Wrap--again, this is so delicious and fake how? If I could eat anything meat again, it would be seafood, so this was a fantastic discovery.
And the grand finale, for our fall-of-the-Roman-Empire-type days, was a side of twelve fried scallops and cocktail sauce. Oh. My. God.
Here's what makes Govinda's so perfect: it's vegetarian comfort food. Because there's nothing like unwrapping that foil and biting into a hot, cheesy, greasy miracle, and why should non-carnivores be deprived of this? And this stuff tastes pretty genuine--and when it doesn't, it's still delicious. I was never not in the mood for it.
And I have to give them props again for that non-seafood. Bravo, Govinda's. Bravo.I went to this place for the first time today and LOVED it. I will admit I had pretty low expectations just judging on appearance outside and inside, but the food did not disappoint. I wanted to order the chicken burger but they were out of buns so I got a chicken quesedilla instead. I'm assuming since we went there around 8 that's why they didn't have rolls, which was a little annoying but my quesadilla was awesome. I chose a spinach tortilla which turned out to be really good. My friend ordered the chicken cheesesteak and loved it as well. The only reason this place is getting 4 stars not 5 is because there were only two people working and the line was pretty long. Putting that aside.. I will definitely be making frequent visits to this place.The food is great but despite what Yelp says, they do not deliver.  Take out is a definite but delivery is a no go.  Their Yelp page def needs to be updated. Oh yeah, the chicken cheese steaks are really good.Kind of a grimy place with questionable cleanliness and staff that's not quite all there.  All of the dishes feature faux-meats, which were a bit bland and very greasy.  I tried the "chicken" cheese steak, the "kofta" sub and fries.  The chicken steak was okay... I'm not sure if it was seitan or tofu or some combination of the two, but it was edible enough.  The Kofta "meatballs" tasted like bulgur wheat or some type of grain packed into meatball shapes... meh.  Very mediocre, not very clean, and nothing special if you don't have dietary restrictions.As much as I love Govinda's, and love it way more than Gianna's, there's nothing as good as the chicken cheesesteak here. I I love their cheesesteak so much, that nothing else on their menu compares. It's a little sad, really. I will try to order something else when I go in and just be horribly disappointed. It's terrible, actually. And I don't believe it's just horrible by comparison to the cheesesteak, it's just not that great. Even the regular cheese steak on the menu, is just OK, regularly, not compared. Then it's just blah when you do remember how sensational the chicken cheese steak is.
The service is alright, the atmosphere is lacking, but you're really there for the food. Right?
5 stars for the chicken cheesesteak, 3 stars for everything else. 4 stars wins.Used to come here 10+ years ago and it was  fire but starting to feel like the care of Govinda's has fallen by the wayside. The guy taking our order seemed like he could care less...being on his phone was more important than taking our order. Wouldn't call this "fast/casual" more like "slow/gross."  Bathrooms are gross. The only saving grace is the 'chicken' cheesesteak...if you can get it while they still have bread. Was only offered the option of a cheesesteak on a wrap, which I wouldn't really consider a cheesesteak....also, it was so dry that I'm not sure there was actually 'cheese' on it.  The fries were soggy and bland. The more things I try off the menu, the more I believe the chicken cheesesteak is the only good thing they can make. #dobetterI'm not veg, but I do like alot of veg food. And I love Govindas. I've been here more times than I can count and each time I leave with a smile on my face. If I order take-out, I find myself almost running to get home and dig-in. 
Obviously the chicken cheesteak reins supreme but I haven't had one thing yet that I don't like. The chicken quesadilla and chicken nuggets are runners-up. Not to mention the delcious vegan sweet treats they have for desert. 
You go Govindas!I'm really glad that this place exists but my BBQ seitan sandwich was a 3/10It has been way too long since I last wrote about Govindas. It has had multiple changes which has improved the speed at which orders are given and even the quality of the food and atmosphere. The only change I don't like is that they don't serve Vegan Treats peanut butter cookies anymore; you can still get Vegan Treats products, just not the cookies of my dreams. However, I understand it is a price issue, and I appreciate the owner worrying about my bottom line.  Anyway, thanks for being a gem in this city full of wonderful vegetarian and vegan restaurants.The food is great here. Chicken cheesesteak  wrap is my favorite. However, service is s bit slow and I've been to places in china town with better interior decor. Also be warned: both times I've eaten hear the food has given me terrible gas that could clear a room.No frills atmosphere, but clean. Somewhat busy, but staff managed it well on a Sunday afternoon. Food came out in under 10 minutes.
I had the Chicken Cheesesteak with vegan cheese/mayo on a seeded white roll. The bread was fantastic: chewy bite, fresh tasting. I really enjoyed the faux chicken as well, diced with all sides seared. The vegan cheese lacked flavor and the vegan mayo wasn't too tasty either. I think the sauce could be improved: I found myself dreaming of a salty, cheezy nooch-based sauce that a huge ladle full would do wonders for this sandwich.
Overall a decent place in Philly that I'd likely visit again.Govinda's Gourmet to Go used to be a favorite of mine. They seem to have changed hands recently and made a lot of changes. Some for the best, some not so much. They now accept credit cards and the decor is much more inviting. 
However, there has been a definite change in the way they make their chicken cheese steak. It's still good, don't get me wrong, but not as good as it used to be. They also stopped putting Heinz ketchup out on the tables. A big disappointment for me (a ketchup fiend). 
I'll probably be craving Govinda's a little less in the future.Chicken cheese steak is OUT OF THIS WORLD. I love it on the wrap with veganaise. The food is fresh and warm every time. Soups are also good, and dependable. Desserts are ENORMOUS and vegan, quite tasty.
It's great to have such a conveniently placed vegan/vegetarian place in center city. If it was a little closer to my work I'm pretty sure I'd have Govinda's once a week.
Just be warned: be prepared to wait a little while for your sandwich. This place always has lines, but you'll quickly see why. It's possible to come in here with only a little time to spare, but you might want to be prepared just in case they're busy.Vegan Chicken Cheesesteaks are the best that you can find anywhere, they have the BEST vegan cheese ever, it is more of a sauce but is absolutely AMAZING!!!!
They also have awesome vegan Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream, it does not even taste vegan, it is so gooooooooood.
If you like cake, they have a selection of cake from the Vegan Treats bakery in Bethlehem, PA these cakes are out of this world. 
Their food is simply amazing, you don't need to be vegan or vegetarian to go here, all my friends I've taken here whether vegetarian or not love the food here!!!!!!!The vegan chik'n cheesesteak makes it a five-star place (but stay away from the french fries, they're soggy and gross) and the Vegan Treats desserts are literally icing on the cake (try the peanut butter bomb - so good!)  I like the chik'n cheesesteak in a wrap best but it's also good in the regular roll.  Since I go to Govinda's when I'm craving the chik'n cheesesteak, I haven't tried many of their other items, but friends dining with me have told me the Kofta Ball sub is really good.Albeit from the insufficient supply of pecan rolls from Vegan Treats, this place is the source of many things delicious!We were overwhelmed by the menu and starving and wanted to order it all! Unfortunately we couldn't. We had the "chicken cheesesteak " and the "fish sandwich " and shared a large order of fries. So the chicken cheesesteak was amazing!! Very well seasoned, definitely worth trying! The fish sandwich was not my cup of tea! Not a fan at all!!! Not sure if the wrap threw it off but there was a bad aftertaste. I just ended up eating the inside but still wasn't crazy about it. The fries were incredibly greasy!! Like let me get some paper towels to blot- no the whole roll please greasy!! We would go back for just those cheesesteaks. The service was good and we got our food within decent timing! We'll be returning next time we're in the area.I must start by saying I am nowhere near a vegetarian or a vegan! My vegetarian friend and I were out one night and he suggested we stop here for chicken cheesesteaks, I was skeptical but agreed to go for the experience. This sandwich was the best I have ever had. I completely forgot I was not eating meat since it was soooo tasty. I sometimes dream of it lol!  Since then I have been back multiple times.this place is awesome.  with the following caveats:  the food is not healthy,  the counter staffers are usually slow, sometimes they run out of desserts and that makes me sad.  its like a philly staple and i've been coming here since before i even moved to philly so this place has a special spot in my heart!LOVE the cheesesteak wrap with soy cheese. I didn't like the meatball sub though. Now I just always order the cheesesteak wrap! My bf really likes the chicken salad wrap though. YUM!Dirt is vital for proper plant growth.
Earth-shaking botany is way down on reasons why people visit Yelp, so there's no need to overdose my floral background/talents.
I just know - I went to university for a while - that nutrients (nitrogen?) and other yecchy stuff comprise excellent qualitative dirt. 
Probably in the old times, seventy-six years ago, you could eat a decent pile of materielle and not get sick... you might even feel good about it.
These days, who is so certain about anything?
Thru continual research over and under Philadelphia, I have been noting several intriguing sub-varieties of dirt. 
The exact data are to be published soon on my website blog. Please trust that most species are unhealthy - a couple are downright carcinogenic, a few severely poisionous, several quick-into-the-mud pasture piles.
Please don't panic. 
Not all dirt will kill you, nor others on your lists... you potentially murderous lot, you know to whom I refer... I  feel the behind-the-click violence ionizing en masse here - I mean on Yelp - and soon...
(this is logical as there exists no obvious way to berate, vote down or castigate viewpoints and the atrocious reviewers behind them)
do keep that to yourself!
That's all besides the points, I guess. Few people would use dirt to dispatch someone.
So I ate yesterday at Govinda's. 
research notes:
*  Prep areas, tables, servers and receivers of food, floors, bathrooms (sic) possess layered colonies of dreck - fourteen original flavors, never sampled before in this area... a Galapagos for smudge Beagles
*  yellow-tooth lighting, warbly tables, unkempt containers of cooked and raw vegetables, or masses of grey chunks pervade the atmosphere
* overarching lack of sensibility, confused spicing and stuck-smiling servers may lead to dearths of gastric pleasure
 (the acid rain outside tasted much better in comparison)
* Cashish did get absorbed into the collective sponge behind the counters without apparent hesitation.
Thank the lord of your choice for Wild Turkey - smart person research has determined the brown flow to be antidote against many harmful bacteria, virus, mold and spore - I do suggest, I implore you to bring a jigger or two and ingest it immediately after any Govindan maneuvers
Fundamentally, I still believe in dirt - it provides a home for beautiful vegetables and fruits - each dignified and amazing in taste, texture and life, respectively
However, distorting nature to fit one's preferred kingdom seems egotistic, wasteful, hypocritical - non-natural
Imagine a citizen claiming to be "pro-life" took a doll or mannequin-baby and smeared fake blood on its surface - solely to make some awful "point" or whatever
Exactly
Most things dig a proper place in this world, cliches as well. 
mock meat is herbicide 
products of this good Earth deserve proper sanitation
do we need another cult to further muck up our perilous spiritual/culinary situation?Omg I finally found a vegetarian friendly spot, where EVERYthing is vegetarian. Okay, let me back up. I went to Philly for a concert and while driving, I spotted this place. My friend looked it up and saw it was all vegetarian. I though woah. Even the shrimp....even the shrimp. Before we departed Philly, we stopped by and since I've been a vegetarian for 6 years, I was kinda wanted something kinda resembling a cheese steak. I ordered the chicken  cheese steak on a sesame roll. Eh. Bread was too chewy but I could taste the potential. My friend loved her shrimp wrap and because of that, I'm willing to give it another chance. In fact, Im even willing to try most of the menu. 
Where this place loses a star (besides the chewy bread) is the fact my friend had a discount deal and I the cashier didnt wait for us to pull it up for our discount. We'll use it next time....The chicken cheesesteak might be one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten in my life.I love this place. The food is excellent and besides being close to my house it is opened during times that are convenirnt for my schedule.  The rice dish with greens was super and the deserts are even more delectable.Solid veg place with a decent cheesesteak (I prefer the rainbow pepper steak to the chicken, personally). The Indian food is not stellar, but it's flavorful enough. Mostly what I like about this place is the number of options; it's refreshing, as a vegetarian, to find a menu full of reasonably tasty things I can eat.
I'd say it's a bit overhyped, but I do like Govinda's, and it's a reliable stop if I'm ever craving fake meat!SLOW
in the time it takes to have your sandwich brought to your table after you order it, you could leave the restaurant, walk to whole foods, buy the ingredients, go home, make it, and come back to the restaurant.
and this is when there's no other customers in there.The only thing I have ever tried here is the chicken cheese steak. And if I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would be Govinda's chicken cheese steak. I heard about this amazing sandwich through friends and when I finally tried it, my mouth exploded. The peppers, mozzarella cheese, & soy chicken are perfectly fried and tossed right into a crusty roll. I ONLY reccomend eating this sandwich on a roll. The wrap gets too soggy & doesn't have enough substance to it.
I'm not even close to being a vegetarian & I love it here. I will definitely branch out into other menu items as soon as I get over my love for their chicken cheese steak.i was having a bad day and then i saw govindas now sells pizza. my vegan slice was hot and delicious and even though it was $4, i was not hungry after. maybe a little salty. i drank like 8 cups of water when i got home.
they really could lose the dairy option and make it 100% vegan. it's not the 90s. i would bet they would do better if it was all vegan!Govindas is totally a "mature vegetarian's Gianna's," but they really need to expand their menu.  Be prepared for a very good meal when you go there, but don't be ready to see many options.  The quality of the food leaves you wishing there was more.
*****EDIT******
I've decided to update this review and add a fifth star.  Upon further visits, I've concluded that Govinda's selection is alright and I simply wasn't giving all of the menu items a chance.  I had previously ignored soup and chicken tender options, wrongfully assuming that they'd be out of the can in the case of the former and out of a Morning Star box in the case of the latter.  I was wrong.  The soup was homemade and the chicken tenders were amazingly original.  They even came with a halfway decent BBQ sauce.
PLUS -- Govinda's keeps relatively late hours on the weekdays, especially for a small, takeout restaurant on South Street.  I can't remember off the top of my head what time it closes, but I'm pretty sure it's around 11pm (I don't want to give an exact time that's wrong and mislead people, so let's just say it's late).
Govinda's is a five star pleasure for your health and taste buds; that's a hard take to accomplish.Oh, Govinda's Vegetarian - I am in Cheesesteak heaven! 
This was the ooiest, gooiest sandwich I've had in YEARS! My faith in true-blue veggie comfort food has been fully restored & I'm still dreaming of your deliciousness 
In Philly for the long weekend & knew I couldn't leave there w/out getting a cheesesteak but I wanted the best & didn't have time to mess around ..... enter Govinda's 
It was super hard to decide b/t the Chicken Cheesesteak or "regular" cheesesteak b/c people seem to absolutely rave about the chicken.....but I was here for a traditional cheesesteak darn it, so that meant no chicken! 
Huge sandwich! Pepper "Steak" had marinated chunks of "meat" with peppers & cheese all grilled up together - mixing all the flavors & getting it all melty & gooey.... on a sesame seed roll which was likewise soft & just grilled for a bit to heat it all the way through to add to the gooiness 
Also chose a PB & Choc Chip cookie - there are stacks & stacks of yummy cookies sitting evilly by the register & I couldn't resist.....seemed to be a vegan-hybrid kind of cookie.  I noticed there were no eggs in the ingredients listing but there were choc chips & since it didn't specify carob, I assumed they were the real deal.....which was just fine w/ me!
Impression of the cookie?  Very large & very tasty..... but should have eaten it soon as I got it - it was super soft &gooey & mushy but got crumbly as it sat around (I ate it once we got to the airport)....but who doesn't like to enjoy dessert first anyway!
Staff was nice as could be & although it was like 100 degrees in there, they were smiling & helping out this funny couple who just couldn't for the life of them understand how this place could be all vegetarian 
But with choices like Chicken Cheesesteak & Pepper Steak, who can blame them! 
Govinda's in def on my list as a must-stop for all future Philly visits!!!Amazing.  I can't even say how nice it is to sit outside in the biting into a hot "chicken" cheesesteak sandwich while drinking a cold fizzy something-or-other and making plans with friends while peoplewatching fellow G2G customers and foot traffic on broad and south.  Highly recommended.  If the weather isn't nice be warned, if you want to sit inside 1)its really hot 2) there are only a few tables adjacent to the counter, so its kinda crowded.First off I LOVE THE FOOD at Govindas. Their Chicken Cheesesteak might be the best vegan mock-meat sandwich in Philadelphia. Their other items are good too, especially the Chicken Quesadilla, but the Chicken Cheesesteak is the star on the menu. They also have amazing vegan deserts from VeganTreats.
The only complaints that I have is the service grinds to a halt once a few people are ordering food. Some days I have waited almost an hour for a sandwich. Also the desert portions are a little small for the price.
I definitely recommend that everyone tries their food and get the vegan options on your meal, they just taste better. You should expect that you will have to wait or that the hipster running the cash register might silently judge you, but the food makes it worth it.I was very disappointed in this place. I read all the great reviews and made my way there one weekday evening for a take out dinner. I ordered the dinner plate. 
I was told that the plate was rice, kofta and subji - they tasted terrible. The rice had no taste or flavour. There was some kind of stale and sour taste to the 'subji' which was a glorified name for cabbage and cauliflower they seem to have boiled in turmeric and vinegar. The 'kofta' I'm not sure what it was made of but it had the texture of soya balls dripping with water and coated with a very sour but otherwise tasteless tomato sauce. The only thing also smelled pretty bad. My attempts to refurbish this with yogurt and sriracha sauce (which works most of the time) were also unsuccessful on account of the weird smell. 
I had the dinner plate for $12 and this was a colossal waste of money. I actually threw out 85% of this 'plate' and went hungry that evening.The food was wonderful and the stuff is on my phone service was good the atmosphere is OK you purchase the food and you sit down but one thing was an awful thing will have three kids with us 2 our infant And one toddler we were freezing it was so cold in there probably like 58 or so it was extremely cold in there we had to have a codes it was really uncomfortable to eat because it was so cold maybe in the summer is a lot better looks like they have a problem with the heating. I do recommend the phone it was interesting my first time meeting at the restaurantthe first bite i had of this chicken cheesesteak made me sick.  it was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO realistic, and i heard good things, but wow... it tastes like chicken!  without being greasy/nasty, the fake chicken is moist, unlike other mock meats i've had.  it is seasoned perfectly, making this sandwich extremely crave-worthy.  i like it so much that i can never bring myself to order anything else when i go anymore.  
however, the kofta sub is incredible... indian spices in a meatball-style sub with marinara...
i'm so glad this place exists.We order take-out or delivery (when it's available) from here quite frequently. I've never had anything that's bad (though, the fries tend to get a bit soggy if they're not eaten immediately). My favorite is definitely the Sabji Wrap, which I really could eat once or more a week and be satisfied. Very filling and delicious. Joel likes the chicken cheesesteak, which I think is just OK. Even my carnivorous brother enjoyed a sandwich from here, so you know it's good. Definitely worth a try, especially on nights when you just don't feel like cooking dinner.Vegan chicken cheese steak is the way to go here but make sure you get the mayo...which makes it not vegan...or else it's as dryas the Sahara.  Skip the oily, limp fries.  Take your own water and save $2.  It's run down but best vegan cheesesteaks in Phillygovinda's is the equivalent to vegan crack...the chicken fingers make my arm pits sweat and i must admit i have a thing for their sloopy joes..my only complaint is that they always run out of the blue bubble gum jones drink....the cream soda is okay but it's all about the blue stuff...