I was sad to see Wine Thief (the previous restaurant at this location) close, but after hearing great things about Grain Exchange I took my kids and met up with another family for dinner there on a Tues night (I'd heard there can be a long wait on weekends, and they don't take reservations... yet). Such a good place--warm atmosphere, excellent seasonal food, and very friendly service. Lots of good apps, sandwiches, salads, very interesting draft beer and extensive Bourbon and Rye selection, but you have to try the fried chicken with sautéed kale and rosemary mashed potatoes--as good or better than Federal Donuts chicken. If they add reservations on Yelp/Open Table it'll be even better.We recently took 8 family members to CVGE for dinner.  This was my second visit, the first was really good. This one was not nearly as good and sadly, will probably be my last. My wife and I really wanted to like this place. 
Positives - Creative menu. The waiter was very polite and attentive. Drinks were great (nice Bourbon cocktails).  Beer selection was also good. Prices are reasonable. 
Negatives - Most of the food was poorly done, despite a very long wait time. Every one in our party complained about the over use of salt. The fried chicken was inedible due to the salt and funky taste in the batter (something was definitely off). The waiter apologized but made no effort to remedy the issue.  The chicken was left untouched on the plate. The bacon used on the grilled cheese and burgers had too much fat. The sweet potato fries were overly cooked. An overall poor performance from the kitchen.
I am assuming they were having kitchen issues (it was the day after New Year). But consistency is key and they dropped the ball.Went there for an early dinner on a Sunday. We left disappointed with the food and service. Originally, we were impressed by the reviews on Yelp and we had passed it a couple of times when we were dining in that area before. I was actually looking forward to dining here...when we arrived, we were seated quickly. There was one other table with customers but they were just leaving. The staff was standing at the bar watching/cheering a game on a tv over the bar. 
Our server was friendly but seemed distracted. We ordered the crawfish dip, a couple of beers, buttermilk chicken sandwich, mac n cheese, and the chocolate cake for dessert. The appetizer took about 20 mins. to arrive...they did eventually come out to tell us something was wrong with the oven and they would remove it from our check out of courtesy. We were then served our meals and about 15 mins later, our appetizer arrived. 
The buttermilk chicken sandwich: the chicken itself was soggy and/or very greasy, the kale or greens on the sandwich were soggy from being soaked in honey or grease maybe?? It looked unpleasant. Normally, greasy wouldn't be so bad with a nice crunch. This didn't have that. The mac n cheese had a good smokey flavor from the bacon. The crawfish dip had good flavor as well...very cheesy and tangy. The bread it came with was toasted and slightly burnt around the edges. It was hard to chew or cut. Before we were asked if we wanted dessert, our server brought us the check. Maybe he wanted us to leave so that they can all continue watching the game without interruption, but it was strange. We asked if we can order dessert and he took our order. The chocolate cake was dense...a huge portion that was good for sharing. Not sure if the cake was stale or just hard from being refrigerated but it was hard to cut with a knife. I actually thought it might be frozen but it wasn't.  It had good flavor though. 
So, it wasn't a horrible experience but with all the dining options in and around Philly, we will not be returning even if it was an off night for them. 
Sorry! :(Stopped in on a Saturday night that wasn't particularly crowded.  Service was definitely slow - 45+ minutes for entrees.  Our table was overflowing with empty glasses and plates - not bus service to make room or clear dishes.  Had to track down our waiter to get our check at the end of the night.  Ordered the $14 lamb burger medium rare that came out gray, dried out and seriously overcooked.  Would have sent it back but just took too long to make the first one. Other entrees for dining companions were 2-3 star.  Beers (tap) were $7-$8 each.  Do yourself a favor - go next door to McMenamin's and get a better selection of beer, for more realistic pricing, and a $9 burger that is twice the size of what they serve here.While back "home" in Philly, visiting friends in Mt Airy we decided to try Grain Exchange for lunch. A quick walk on over from their house and we were seated indoors in a sunny table by the front window. A friendly barkeep came over quickly and took drink orders. It was decided upon with vim and vigor that this vacation week would start off with cocktails. They have their own house vodka spirit, tangy citrus notes complement the vodka club with lime. I believe a beer was ordered by my friend. Food was chosen; two veggie burgers with avocado (delish), a spinach salad with berries, goat cheese and balsamic vinegar (divine),  French fries and hush puppies ( also equally satisfying).
Decor is hipster with metal chairs, walls with reclaimed wood, etc., but very welcoming and casual. 
Service was attentive and as aforementioned, friendly. 
Price for 4, plus 2 cocktails was $68 I believe, not including tip. 
We enjoyed it so much, we decided to return tonight. Children chose chicken tenders with fries(said to be tasty), I got grilled chicken breast sandwich with avocado (wonderful and special made for me bc I chose not to do fried buttermilk chicken), seitan buffalo "wings" (very good, the sauce was hot and had just the right twang of vinegar). Cocktails and beer, of course...
$85 not including tip. Service was the bartender, again, super friendly and helpful. 
Would definitely return again.I had brunch in Sunday with a group of friends at Cresheim Valley Grain Exchange. Most of us ordered from the brunch menu, a few chose lunch options. My scrambled eggs were perfect, light and fluffy. The bone fries were crisp on the outside, silky on the inside. The portions were huge-- I took most of the potatoes and half the excellent biscuit home for a future meal. Service was friendly, if a bit disorganized. I'd take off half a point if I could on the beverage side. The orange juice purported to be fresh squeezed but tasted like it came from concentrate. I wanted herb tea and almost all the teas were caffeinated except camomile, which I don't like. Several of my friends ordered omelettes, which were also huge and well cooked but would have benefited from a bit of fruit or something on the side. Still, well cooked food and very well priced-- my eggs, bacon, biscuit and potatoes cost $10.Here's my dilemma. We want this place to succeed, it's local, good food, great ambiance, friendly wait staff. But I am sitting here right now in a half empty restaurant with my husband (happy Father's Day!) and my 5 year old and 9 month old and we have been waiting an hour for our food. An hour!!! With kids!! The waitress is being so lovely about it, very apologetic etc, brought us a free appetizer, but still. About 6 weeks ago we had the same experience here, long waits for food, mixed up orders, apologetic wait staff. What on earth is going on with management? It's like they are 3 people short back there. We waited 20 minutes for bread! Please don't fail, CVGE. Please just replace your management staff.In this rustic, new spot in Mt. Airy, a great menu is well balanced with great craft beer selections.  Free parking in public lot behind, often street parking available, as well.
Mason jar appetizers were interesting and, seemingly, pricey at $8.50 yet actually a  good value because they were well and carefully crafted from delicious ingredients.  Salads were large and had so many great ingredients and just the right amount of excellent dressing.
The short-rib grilled-cheese sandwich was good, the meat tender, with a jam, but lacked a bit of acid or horseradish (but their horseradish cream is too understated -- it came with another diner's jar of beet salad, so I sampled a little).  (I took half the sandwich home to try to perk it up with pickles, or a Siracha ketchup.) 
Others in our party had salads of various kinds, and loved them.  The grilled chicken on one was perfectly cooked, the dressing "delectable".
Their great weakness in accommodating wheat/gluten or other allergies definitely hurts and limits this restaurant.  The server knew the beers well, but not food menu ingredients.  And the restaurant's "accommodation" of serving a "sandwich without the bread" just doesn't cut it any more.  It's just too easy to have a loaf of GF bread and some rice flour on hand to use as needed.  It's customer focused which makes it good for business.  (Didn't even bother to see if they had GF beers, of which there are several good ones out there.)  14% or more of the population has issues with wheat, among other ingredients so that's a big potential clientele to be dismissing.
Took a butterscotch pudding home, to enjoy over several nights, but the taste was off -- possibly from the very large plastic container they put the small dollop into.  Smelled kind of like dishwater.  Perhaps enjoyed on premises, it would taste far better.
Good meal, but not a destination dining spot.  This kind of creativity was needed in this area.Food is usually good but there have been some misses.  Odd soups and mushy brussel sprouts.  Love that they have vegetarian options. Service is friendly but depending on the night slow and over-worked.This place is a gem. I was looking for a nice Valentine's Day dinner spot in the Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill area, and I'm so glad I stumbled upon Grain Exchange. The atmosphere was warm and inviting, intimate yet laid back--just my style for date night. Here are the highlights:
1. Excellent cocktails and a nice selection of craft beers
2. The fried pickles and pigs in a blanket appetizers are awesome! The pickles were lightly fried, not overdone like I've had at some places. The dipping Tabasco Mayo dipping sauce was a great complement. 
3. Be prepared to eat--the portions are huge! We split the Fried Chicken Sandwich (layered with kale, lots of it! The chicken was lightly fried, juicy and sweet.) and the Farmhouse Burger (cooked just how we ordered. Definitely go for the fried egg on top if that's something you like!)
The food is excellent, but the service and atmosphere really earn the five stars. Our waitress was so pleasant and the service was quick. And this place gets extra points for playing country music all night! :) I think I might call them for that playlist. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back here again.Here's the thing...I want so badly to give this place 5 stars. I would give it 4.5 if I could but you know how that is. I love the food, I loved the drinks when I drank and I love the staff. The thing is the first time I came here I was an out of towner. I was an out of stater to be honest. I think maybe it showed and the girl working there didn't seem so friendly. We talked a little bit but something seemed off. I had the bacon Mac and cheese and some good beers so the food and drink were 5 stars I was just a little annoyed by the service. Well a month later I moved to philly and came back. I got the same girl as a bartender and put my best foot forward to be friendly and it paid off. Probably also helped that I was now a "local." Every time I've gone since no matter who's working I have a great time! The draft selection is pretty nice and the can/bottle selection is pretty extensive. I had the shrimp etouffe and it was AMAZING. I will admit the menu is sort of small but it works for me. I love this place and my stomach is growing just thinking about that etouffe!Several months ago, I saw a write up on CVGE and knew that I had to make my way over there!  I forwarded the article to my husband and tucked it away in my new mom mind.  Needless to say, it not only got lost in the shuffle of my "new mom mind" but it also got lost in the 40,000+ emails in my gmail outbox!  
This past Tuesday we decided we wanted to eat out somewhere close to home. Of course I couldn't remember the name of this restaurant ... Only that it was in mt airy and had an amazing sounding dish with grits on the menu! 
Thanks to yelp, we found it and headed over to germantown ave!  The meal started off on a high note when the hostess was undaunted and seemingly unannoyed by my request for a hi chair.  The food and drinks were both delish ... I had the scallop dish while the hubs had the short rib!  We all ordered a side of Mac and cheese (Gouda) as it is my one-year-old's absolute favorite!!! (He approved)!
Can't wait to enjoy many more meals at CVGE :-)Great eating experience. Can't wait to bring my bffs for brunch. Food was good and server pleasant. Dishes were attractively presented. LOVE this place. Best kept secret, got to get the word out. Will be my favorite brunch place. Family enjoyed the ambience, too.I've been to Grain Exchange before and have always enjoyed the grub, cocktails and service. I couldn't find the menu online and when I called to ask about it, Derick went WAY above and beyond the call of duty and actually texted me a picture of the whole menu!  When I decided to drive from South Philly to Mt. Airy to grab dinner with my mom, we were both bordering on hangry.  Despite it being a busy Saturday night, they made sure we had a table waiting for us when we walked in the door.  Talk about feeling like a VIP.
And to add yet another layer to a great evening, our server didn't make a face or even flinch when we asked for veggies of any kind instead of rice and other accouterments to our salmon dishes.  Both plates were bordering on gorgeous!  The food was fresh, delicious, perfectly cooked and came out just in time to keep up from hitting low-blood-sugar-get-annoyed-with-each-other prime time.  
Neither of the two things the staff did cost the restaurant anything but absolutely made our experience what it was.  Finding two people in the same place who go a step beyond what they have to is rare.  I spent 10 years working in the service industry and LOVED doing things like this for people & get so much pleasure from having someone do it for me.  What was supposed to be a low-key impromptu dinner with mom turned into a memorable evening. 
Thank you you, Derick and everyone else at Grain Exchange!  We'll be back before you know it.Hi! My husband and I typically enjoy our time at the CVGE. Having been a restaurant worker myself, we are patient with the sometimes slow service. On the night of Sept 21st we tried to dine there and we ended up walking out. We were seated inside, and all the other tables were already served or finishing up their meal when we sat down. We were not acknowledged at all. We waited for 10-15mins. No one said hello or bring us water. The waitress brought the table next to us their check and attended to them multiple times.  She then proceeded to clean the table on the other side of us. All the while, not a glance at our table or interaction with us at all. We did not want to make a scene, so we got up to leave. As we were leaving, the woman behind the bar greeted us goodbye. She noticed I had a unhappy expression and waved me toward her. I said to her "we were not waited on". She was apologetic and asked if we would like to sit back down and she will get someone for us. At that point we were so disappointed we elected to leave and we ended up dining elsewhere that night. Rarely do I feel the need to write such a note to about a food establishment, but I was truly shocked at the lack of attention we got as patrons last night. I tried reaching out to you via FB messenger, and because I did not want to leave you a poor public review because we like CVGE. Given I did not get a response via FB messenger, I feel compelled to inform you of our lackluster experience and I hope that it was an isolated incident.Your search for comfort food ends here. Definitely a hit in the winter and sometimes the summer too! They adapt their menu often, so you never run out of new things to try.
The scallop and potato bake is an amazing appetizer, but be sure to leave room for the shrimp and grits or fried chicken plate as your entree. Service is always great so it's always an option for us when deciding where to go for dinner.Good selection and flavor for vegetarians. They offer meat and seafood on one side of the menu and a separate vegetarian menu on the other side.OK, went for brunch yesterday. Good but needs some improvement: The biscuits are amazing and buttery, but slightly underdone. Sausage in the grits was overcooked so the texture was hard. Hashbrowns looked awesome, but found the insides to be oxidized and undercooked. The over medium eggs were just shy of over hard. 
All that being said: the grits themselves were beautifully creamy and delicious. The burger was as good as during a previous dinner service. Crawfish omelette was rated "excellent" by fellow diners. Coffee is also really good!
Service is awesome! Hayden and Tim are super cool and attentive!I don't know how I missed this joint in my search for decent grub on the Mt. Airy main drag. Fantastic menu. Lotsa vegetarian options. But plenty meat, fish, oysters, salads, incredible fries, good and prompt service. 
This joint has it all. Bring your appetite.I've wanted to dine here for quite some time, so finally I had a chance and was not at all disappointed. We called on a Saturday night, and although they don't take reservations, they had a table for 4 available so we rushed over. I see some Yelpers complaining in reviews about the service here, but that was definitely not our experience. Our server was completely  attentive throughout the meal - and had an excellent sense of humor, something that's too often at a shortage - and there was no delay in the food being prepared and served. The Pulled Pork (seitan) sandwich was very good, a definite comfort food item, and I think their sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had. The side of brussel sprouts for the table was a good idea. (I'm indifferent to the bacon-flavored tempeh, which substitutes for the bacon on the vegetarian and vegan versions of the bacon menu items - one side of the menu is for carnivores, the other side offers vegetarian versions of basically the same items). The draft beer list was outstanding the night we were there, although one listed stout had kicked. But they had a nice range of brews including an excellent Stone double IPA through some porters and other choices at the stronger, darker end of the spectrum.Downtown vibe in Mount Airy....great food, reasonable drinks and awesome staff...you'll think ur in downtown Philly...even a great outside seating area.. Luv this place!!Been here a few times since my last review. Continues so have a solid burger and fries dish, but I have tried some of the vegetarian/vegan dishes and they just don't stack up. Veggie 'bacon' has been especially bland. Overall, I still like coming here!Just passing by and decided to stop in.  All the food looked good and decided to order the chicken and waffles which were very good and hit the spot.  Also, got a bourbon Bloody Mary - a first.  Not crazy about bourbon but somehow it worked.  The menu has a number of items that were appealing and one day I should be back.  Waitress was very nice, casual and friendly.Excellent food but a bit pricey-- worth it though. It has a cool hip vibe and has half the menu for meat-eaters and the other half for vegetarians and pescetarians, which is a bit weird-- you shouldn't include seafood on a vegetarian menu! Theres a lot of unique and adventurous food options on the menu.After a long day at Chestnut Hill hospital ICU  we were starving and really needed something special.   Germantown Ave is a haven of eateries.... But we opted for the  Grain Exchange... We ate there when it was the Wine Thief.... Great food back then made us try the new establishment.... We got the Farmhouse Burger and Sweet Potato Fries!!!   I took a pic because it looked heavenly!  The bacon was cooked to perfection, the beef was fresh and flavorful and cooked just the way I asked.   The sweet potato fries are flawlessly cooked.... We didn't order their beers.... Can't comment on that.   But we left and talked about that Burger off and on all the way home.... To South Jersey!   Service was
 wonderful and after nothing but sadness all day at the hospital I was grateful for the upbeat server.   We will be back.... Saw some things I need to try!Really like this spot. We had a few oysters and the Farmhouse burger. Let me tell you that was one of the best tasting burgers I've had in a long time. Nice, juicy and cooked just the way I want it. I tried their all day IPA...good stuff.I really enjoyed my lunch here. It was a really cool spot and was pleasantly surprised. I just came in randomly for lunch because I was in the area working somewhere else. I would definitely recommend this place for a good lunch. It's a little. It hipster but most good spots are getting that way these days anyway.Let me set this up: party of 6 adults with 2 very young children on Father's Day at 530pm at a empty-ish dining room 
No high chairs available... Evidently they only have two 
No changing table... Which means I had to used the floor
Our meal took 45 minutes and was not all presented at the same time (3 dishes delivered and then 10 minutes later 2) and then the last two meals did not arrive until AFTER everyone else had finished.  
Two of the meals were not prepared correctly. 
We were not offered anything for the kiddos to consume to make them happy. 
It was really just HORRIBLE service and not kid friendly. I love hipster-ness but if you own a shop in Mt Airy you should be able to accommodate families. 
Too much pepper. I love seasoning but calm down. 
My out of town guests were not pleasedI have tried this place several times with very mixed results.  Service has been great one evening, not so much the next time.  The food has ranged from bland to excellent.  A couple of weeks ago my family and I decided to give it another try only to be turned away.  When we walked in, the hostess explained that she couldn't seat us because "the kitchen was backed up."  The restaurant was not full.  It seems like bad management is to blame for these inconsistency issues.  What a shame.They've just recently updated their menu to include vegetarian options for every single dish - that's pretty awesome. The food is great, the portions large, and the draft list isn't too shabby. Their mixed drinks are delicious, but outside of my price range, generally speaking. It's been a new regular stop in the neighborhood.I have since been back since my last visit and everything gets better and better.  The last time my boyfriend and I had the short ribs with rutabaga mash, it was so delicious.  The meat was juicy and tender,  trust me this plate was left with nothing on it but my utensils and napkinsVery nice experience here food was great cocktails tasty, and beer selection very nice.  Bonus points for an excellent burger (Farmhouse) and their Mac & Cheese dish.I have never been disappointed by the fare at the Grain Exchange.  And if you go on a Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, take advantage of the specials listed on the sandwich board. Monday is half price burger (except for the spicy lamb) night.  You cannot beat the price for the quality of the meal.  Tuesday's special is $.50 clams that come steamed in a lovely, simple sauce and Wednesday's feature is "buck a shuck" oysters.  Again a great value for a tasty product.  I am not a beer connoisseur but am always pleased with something on tap. This week's beer of my choice is the Oatmeal Stout.  I usually skip dessert but agree with one of the other reviews-go for the apple dumplings.Vegetarians BEWARE-The vegetarian menu has meat. It makes no sense. One side clearly is their regular menu that has meat. The flip side claims it's vegetarian but the meatloaf is not a mock meatloaf-it is MEATLOAF. Their soup has beef stock. It's all just a joke on us-Will never go back-Front of house service was good but food was really disappointing, almost everything at our table of 6 was bad.  Chicken sandwich was scrawny and tasted like fish oil, sweet potato fries undercooked, burger unseasoned and undersized, even the kids complained their chicken tenders were dry and "tasteless" (which I confirmed).  Only good thing was Mac and cheese, which was way overpriced at $10 for a small side. I overheard the table next to us complaining how bad their food was and getting items removed from their bill, which I didn't have the heart to do, but I won't be back anytime soon unless just for drinks (which were fine).Cresheim Valley Grain Exchange is a cozy corner place with a long name. Burgers and fries were cooked perfectly and were reasonably priced. Drinks were not so reasonably priced, but were creative and well prepared. Waiter (sorry I am forgetting his name) was attentive and lowered the price on my drink because they did not have the ingredients for the drink I originally had ordered. In looking over the menu there appeared to be lots of good sandwich options both for meat and non-meat eaters alike. Woman next to us had the fried chicken dinner and complained to the waiter in regards to the dish, not sure what about (trying not to be nosy, but as I said above place is pretty cozy).Last night, had another excellent meal, accompanied by a fine microbrew beer :)   A great place to share small plates and sample a wide selection of draft and bottled beers.   Nice that they have vegetarian and "carnivore" sides to their menu too!I tried this place  twice, first time I tried the gumbo, which I didn't think was so good. My next visit chicken and waffles, it made up for the bland gumbo but you can only get it on sundays. Worth a tripI ate here last night for the first time, and was underwhelmed by the food. The fish sandwich I had was tasty, but the sweet potato fries tasted just wrong (like they were fried in the bad oil), and they remained uneaten on my plate. My friend said his cauliflower buffalo bites were mediocre (he's had better). Ambience-wise, it was REALLY loud, even after the waitress had the music turned down. I prefer restaurants where you don't end up with a sore throat the next day because you spent the evening shouting to be heard across a very small table. Our server was pleasant and prompt. And the decor is nice.i had avoided this place since its opening some time ago.  then it was a weird menu of badly cooked items with strange beer offerings. much has changed since then.
a recent order of two farmhouse burgers were pretty good.  one was overcooked, the other was right on.  both came with a pile of well cooked fries. altogether it was too much to finish. i believe that the menu price was $13.00; might have been $15.00. either way, its a good price for a lot of food. there were several other menu items that were appealing. 
the beer program is definitely better, but could still use some work in my opinion. the beers seem to be either insipid lagers, or low-profile brewery offerings that just don't seem well thought out.  raspberry stout, anyone? ah,no, don't do it.  this beer lacks balance, and is not food friendly. the IPA currently on offer is better than the stout, but there is the same non-food-friendly issue with hoppy beers. 
here's a suggestion: if the grain exchange wants to be independent with its beer choices, how about not going with an IPA at all?  there ought to be at least one bar in philadelphia without one. and, hey guys, can you please put the menu online?
there is an inviting patio for good weather. the staff is friendly and attentive.  i'd like to be able to consider a 4th star. i'll be back to try other items, and possibly to upgrade this review.Visited this place on a recommendation from a friend and wasn't impressed at all. I ordered the shrimp and grits and asked the waiter if it was a white or brown sauce. To which she replied brown. Well when my meal came there wasn't a sauce AT ALL. It was simply a plate of grits with a bout 4 or 5 grilled shrimp sitting on top.  Considering the fact that I was visiting Phili for the weekend and quite hungry I was tremendously disappointed.  I don't think I will be returning on my next Phili trip.Great food. Drink orders took forever, and for a while my table of 5 were the only ones there. At the end of the meal they informed us that they could only take cash because their machine was down. Didn't offer to take an imprint the old fashioned way. Nope, they said that there was an ATM down the street. We were having torrential rains, and we were told to go get cash. A friend said this happened to him before. 
Not worth the trouble.Been a huge fan of the East Falls Taproom, and anxiously awaiting this opening. we were NOT disappointed!
While the bean dip appetizer was fine (nothing to write home about, except the raw carrot!), the rest was amazing! 
The lemonade was perfectly strong, more tart than sweet, definitely geared towards adults. The mixed cocktail with Sage liquor was refreshing and well-balanced. The Fried Green Tomato BLT looked unexciting, and as though the bread was way too thick: wrong! It was delish! The bread was so much lighter than it looked, and there was some flavor we just couldn't place but loved! (Did they pickle the tomatoes?) The fried chicken was to die for, which is saying something since we were HUGE fans of the fried chicken from The Wine Thief. The mashed potatoes tasted like what you'd make at home if you made them from scratch, the braised kale and apples and PERFECT combo. 
We were too full for dessert, but got pieces of salt water taffy with the check--nice touch. 
I'll be heading back with girlfriends this week, so hopefully I'll have room for dessert!Food was excellent.  Service was a non-hurried pace.  It was a great spot for a first date.  They pretty much left us alone.  Did have to hunt down the waitress to pay, but preferred that over the constant checking in.  Food was terrific.  Although the server failed to tell us what the different cheeses were.  Waitress got us up to speed quickly and apologized.  Definetly worth the visit.  Plus, got the 2nd date!Great bbq.  Fun way staff.  Loved the butterscotch pudding and the white cheese grits. Such a huge portion I needed a box to take home!  Would totally recommend this place!We liked this place when we went about a year ago. We went back last night and will not return. Patio was closed- because the dining room was not yet filled up. 
No fried chicken until "after 7"
Loud environment 
Cramped tables. 
Mediocre food- I had a burger that was no better than the Trolley Car.I came to Creshiem Valley several weeks ago with my boyfriend, and his parents.
The atmosphere is a rustic county vibe with mason jars and tons of exposed wood. Most of the wait staff was tattooed and bearded. The restaurant is pretty similar to the east falls taproom. 
The beer menu is pretty good, and same with the cocktail list. However, they have their beer special on a side wall where the  tables are, and above the bar. It's in an awkward place because if your sitting against the wall with the chalkboard you can't see the boards. Maybe they could have it on both sides. Anyways, the beer selection is pretty good, and same with the cocktail menu. My boyfriend and his parents where able to try several new beers.
My boyfriend's mother had the salmon specials. It was plated strangely. It had farro and salmon on it. Then the other 2/3 of the plate where empty. They probably could have sacrificed a couple vegetables to complete the special. 
My boyfriend' father had the Kansas City sirloin. It was an oddest strip steak I have seen. It was cut in a circular fashion, and it was extremely thick instead of the typically longer with medium thickness that's who it's typically served. Either way, he throughly enjoyed the steak, and it was cooked to his desired well. 
My boyfriend had the burger. He devoured it. It was pretty impressive watching him wade through the bacon, ketchup, and beef. 
I had the anson mills shrimp and grits. It was  awesome that they served heritage corn. I fully support the activities of Anson mills supporting farming that relies traditional methods and grains. Anyways, the grits had a hint of cheese, and a decent amount of shrimp. Love the cast iron plating! There was so many grits couldn't finish it.
They messed up the sirloin order so it came late. It was surprising since it wasn't too busy. The waiter apologized profusely. They also gave up a free dessert, which was quickly consumed with glee.
They were willing to accommodate my gluten issue, which was wonderful. 
Overall, the atmosphere and the food was pretty good. This place is a great addition to the chestnut hill/mt. Airy area.Our party of 4 received a very warm welcome on a busy cold Friday night.  For 3 of us it was our first time there.  We had 2 bleu burgers, the shellfish jambalaya and the buttermilk fried seitan with dry cider, gingerbread stout and rye rebellion.  Great food and drinks.  I particularly enjoyed my juicy medium bleu burger with thin crisp fries washed down with the sharp dry cider.  Our server was excellent - informative, friendly, thorough and not intrusive.  Only slight downside is that the noise level did get pretty deafening at times, but then it was Friday and everyone was enjoying themselves.  I would certainly go again.We can't get enough of this place.. Or their fried chicken sandwiches and shoestring fries. Perhaps the best part about it here is the servers - they aren't pushy and are really accommodating. You can show up for a full meal w drinks and appetizers, or you can just stop in for a burger - no judgements. 
This is a great addition to our neighborhood!4 stars 4 days in... I'd say they're doing very well for still being a newbie.
So far, so good. The menu is pretty big and has delicious, fresh offerings. As well as excellent drinks--both of the alcoholic and mon-alcoholic variety.
We had the grilled corn and asparagus salad with homemade buttermilk herb dressing and chicken salad with grapes sandwich on thick, toasted, grainy bread.  Both were fantastic.,The shoestring fries also rocked.
It's a beautiful airy space with a nice bar and soon to have outdoor space... I hope it excels.  And I hope to try it again soon.This place is reliably delicious, great foods, friendly staff, excellent beer list. 
Came here for a much needed bite after a Thanksgiving eve drive from NYC to Philly. We talked about a few options, but I think the southern style foods offered by this place won the vote. 
We had the lamb burger, which couldn't have been better, and split the pear and walnut salad. Excellent options. Of course we enjoyed a few of the great beers on the rotating list... Where there are always fantastic options. 
This has become my go-to spot in Mt Airy for nice hearty meals.Husband and daughter discovered this place last week and raved about it so we went tonight and it was everything they said it was! We Had the brie and bacon grilled cheese, poutine fries, kale and barley salad and fried chicken sandwich. All were delicious! I also had 2 really good beers...briny melon and Breckinridge vanilla porter. Nice not to have to leave the hood for good food!Amazing food! I had a delicious shrimp, beet and arugula salad and my husband has a fat burger with bacon and a perfectly cooked egg on top. His plate overflowed with fries! My only complaint? We didn't come on oyster night! I will definitely be making a trip here on a Wednesday in the coming future.Excellent craft cocktails, and a menu that anyone can find something to eat on. A local favorite. Great atmosphere and service.Came at 8:00 on a Saturday, seated outside. No one else there and empty tables inside. Waitress took our order quickly then returned 30 minutes later telling us our food would be out soon. She returned 15 minutes later telling us that the kitchen said our food had been sent out already. As if we had already eaten it and we're trying to get away with something. She reordered it, 20 minutes later we had our food. An ordinary burger and a crab cake sandwich that tasted like paste. The waitress offer a dessert to try to make up for the delay. The check arrives $45.00 for two sandwiches and a 12$ beer?!?!  No price on the beer list, no heads up from the waitress when ordering. Crappy evening and food was not the waitresses fault, it's the restaurant at fault. Save your money for good food someplace else.As soon as I saw the menu for Cresheim Valley Grain Exchange, I knew I needed to go. A veggie bacon burger? Yes, please! Fried green tomato TLT? I'm there! This restaurant has plenty for the veggie crowd, and it is indeed tasty. 
I've been a few times; so far, my favorite menu item is the fries. They're a perfect shoestring example, and the portion is generous. And for every other cliche this restaurant embodies, at least they give you good ol' Heinz ketchup for dipping. 
I'll mention the other things I've tried, from best to worst. Best: the veggie bacon burger. This veggie patty is homemade and flavorful. It's thick and doesn't squish to nothing when you eat it (veggie burger connoisseurs will know precisely what this means). It's topped with plenty of tempeh bacon and an interesting tomato jam that's a nice sweet complement. 
Next: the fried green tomato TLT. This is a very brown sandwich, between the breaded tomato, the tempeh, and thick slices of brown bread. Each piece is good, although as a Southern girl I'd have to rate the fried green tomato a B-. It's too thin and there's too much breading; a good fried green tomato is lightly crusted with cornmeal, and thick enough for you to actually taste the tomato. The tomato on this sandwich gets lost among the tempeh strips. The saving grace on this sandwich is the Tabasco mayo -- yum!
Finally: the buttermilk fried seitan sandwich. This was the most promising menu item, and like many high-risk things, the promise of a big reward was met with big disappointment. The seitan was beautifully battered and fried, emulating your favorite Chick-Fil-A, but, sadly, it was excruciatingly bland. 
One time when I'm ready to bypass the heavy sandwiches and fries, I'll try one of their interesting looking salads, which my dining partners have enjoyed. The beer and wine list and good, and I've been pleased with the service, even when I dined during a painfully understaffed lunch on Labor Day.I used to love this place but the last3 times I've gone its not been good. They messed up the order twice,and the waitress didn't even seem to care. Also one of my friends food was cold and we told the waitress and she wasn't very nice about having to send it back stating"it may be a while hope you're not hungry"and she didn't say it in a joking manner. I've worked in restaurants and what she should have done was got my friend an appetizer on the house or a drink or something. Then the bill was messed up one time,plus the food was not what it used to be. I hope theycan get back to what they had as i used to love coming here but after my last few experiences me nor my friends will be back.I had brunch with a group of friends at Cresheim Valley Grain Exchange. Most of us ordered from the brunch menu, a few chose lunch options. My scrambled eggs were perfect, light and fluffy. The home fries were crisp on the outside, silky on the inside. The portions were huge-- I took most of the potatoes and half the excellent biscuit home for a future meal. Service was friendly, if a bit disorganized. I'd take off half a point if I could on the beverage side. The orange juice purported to be fresh squeezed but tasted like it came from concentrate. I wanted herb tea and almost all the teas were caffeinated except camomile, which I don't like. Several of my friends ordered omelettes, which were also huge and well cooked but would have benefited from a bit of fruit or something on the side. Still, well cooked food and very well priced-- my eggs, bacon, biscuit and potatoes cost $10.I always appreciate a restaurant that offers a full vegetarian menu in addition to it's regular fare.  I also love a good variety of on tap beer.  The Grain Exchange delivers on both fronts.
I onlu had the buffalo seitan wings, but they were great!  ...I had to take the pic before I ate them all!   12 beers on tap plus many many bottles and a full bar.
My "wings" were crispy and spicy.  Delicious.   It's a cozy space and has an outdoor seating area.  Check it out!A pleasant lunch with an attentive wait staff today when we headed there based primarily on reports that it was vegan friendly. It has an extensive vegetarian menu, but vegan options amount mostly to "hold the cheese" on the vegetarian options. But the veggie burger was quite good, even without the cheese. Also found the sweet potato fries nicely done. A mistake on my order was promptly and courteously corrected.My mother and I always come here when she is in town. I bring her here because the atmosphere is laid back, the music is always great and the people are always wonderful. My mother got a pear salad which she is still raving about. The waitress recommended next time get it with chicken and it brings it up a notch. She's definitely going to do it. I ordered the baby back ribs. I LOVE baby back ribs and not everyone does them well so I was excited to try these. Sadly they ran out of their regular bbq sauce and made their own. Which I'm sure is fine for most but it was super spicy for me. (Full disclosure I literally can't handle any spice so my lip was burning 15 mins after I had my initial bite. My mom who can handle spice even said it was pretty hot.) I really wanted those ribs especially because they had a great tenderness to them when I bit in. **if you aren't a wimp like me and can handle spice please please order them!** the waitstaff was so kind and let me order something different item. I picked the Mac and cheese with Gouda and bacon. SUCH A WIN! This stuff is so rich and delicious. They also were super kind and making it up to us for our "trouble." We ended up getting their pumpkin crumble and chocolate cake. Both were amazing. 
I have to say I am never disappointed when I come here. I am not the type of customer to try and be difficult and I know this place so I felt bad even telling them to take back the ribs. I was hoping they had a different sauce so I could just cover the taste. I literally hate sending back food. But they were so kind and so easy. They usually are light in traffic so I hope they get really packed because they totally deserve it. It's a wonderful place to be.The Grain Exchange fits nicely into the movement of terrific gastropubs that are quickly becoming a cornerstone of the Philly food experience. I seem to always order the Farmhouse burger with a fried egg when I come here, and probably so because it's incredibly delicious. 
Paired with some of their tasty fries, and any number of their appetizers -- fried pickles, cheese plate, deviled eggs -- it's hard for me to order anything but the burger!
Not to be overshadowed is the Grain Exchange's drink menu. An eclectic mix of house special cocktails is complimented by a great beer selection. Overall, a great spot to grab a burger/brew or bring a date.Clean and the food is pretty good.  Wait staff friendly and attentive.  We came on a Tuesday night and there was no wait to be seated.  Noise level is low so you can actually have a decent conversation.  They have a nice selection of craft beer.Visited Chesheim after three visits and I unfortunately have to say it was horrible. To start, my bf asked to taste two beers on tap. The waiter showed up with full size beers that we decided to drink anyway because he clearly didn't listen to the request. We visited with my daughters and asked for a kids brunch menu. He let us know he could make any brunch menu item in a kids portion. He showed up with regular portions when the food came out. We asked for the check and realized we were charged adult prices for their meals. I asked him about it and he shrugged and said, "yeah".... After waiting 15 minutes he finally came back and ran our card for the bill. Service is very important to me and I have to say this visit is enough for me not to return. The restaurant was not full at all during peak brunch hours. There is a reason for that. I won't be surprised if they are not in business for another six months.Great burgers. Cooked perfect. Beer selection was good, lots of stuff not normally carried and a find selection of Bourbon. 
Bar service was spot on. They also have cloth napkins that are actual cotton, so they work.What a great addition to the Mt. Airy scene! The drinks are expertly mixed, the staff is just so friendly and attentive, and they remembered my name when I came back...a week later!  Today was my 4th visit and I tried their brunch menu for the first time.  Matt provided such courteous service, and the crawfish omelet was so well presented and tasted so great that I couldn't believe how inexpensive it was. And the oysters!  Succulent! I will certainly be a regular!Oh man what a find. I'm so glad we decided to make a slight detour to check this place out. Full vegetarian menu with really cool, thought out dishes ... Sandwiches, salads, entrees, all sorts of things. We tried the buffalo "wings" OF COURSE, because, buffalo wings. SO good. I'd make a meal of that alone. I had the veggie club which was delicious, and my date had the "chicken" sandwich which was even better than my pick. I wish I lived to closer to go back and try everything on that menu. 
Service was also excellent, so friendly and helpful!! We didn't indulge due to the previous night's activities but the beer list was also really great. Lots of unique selections. 
Check it out!!This place is excellent.  It is hard to find a great meal like this in the area, including germantown and chestnut hill.  I had the walu sandwich special tonight and it was delicious.  Our server suggested I post this review so that the message would be relayed to the executive chef.  I asked if it could be a regular menu item in the future and he said it might possibly be added in the spring.  I am putting in my vote now for it to be added.  It was great to have a fish item that wasn't tilapia, cod or basa and I thank you for making it available.  I know it was just a sandwich but it really was amazing.  I have never had a bad thing at this restaurant, the cooks do a great job at executing everything on the menu.Wonderful first experience! Went for dinner
on a Friday early evening. No wait for a table. Sat outside and enjoyed a delicious cocktail (I can't remember what it was called, but it was homemade lemonade along with sage infused vodka)--Delish!  We started with the farmhouse tasting board, which was excellent! I had the mussels and my friend got the beet salad. We both enjoyed our meals!! Great atmosphere and we love that everything is locally sourced. Great service too! We will be going back for sure!A partner and I had dinner at the Grain Exchange recently. In summary, we had one good dish, one bad dish, and very mediocre service. Didn't feel it was a good value for the price. Details follow. 
First, the restaurant is very small, and they don't take reservations for parties of less than six. So you will be waiting a while for a table. (In the summer they have additional outdoor seating, but in the fall/winter that doesn't work.) 
I had the Tasting Board which was a nice selection of (mostly fried) appetizers, but a bit pricey at $17. My partner had the Bacon and Brie Grilled Cheese, which sounds promising, but was horrible because they put uncooked bacon in the cheese sandwich BEFORE grilling, which resulted in a sandwich with nearly-raw bacon inside, and bacon grease all over the place. This dish might work if they cooked, or partially cooked, the bacon before putting it in the sandwich and grilling. This disaster was $13. 
Selection of craft beers and wines was very good. Service seemed very rushed, and missed obvious things like clearing the table, leaving dirty dishes on the table after dinner, through presenting the bill, and collecting payment. The dirty dishes were still there when we left. Can't remember the last time that happened to us in a restaurant. 
This place has some potential, particularly in the vegetarian menu, and a nice location. Now if they could just smooth the rough spots from the menu and train the servers a little, they'd have something.Okay,  my wife and I just moved here from Scottsdale, Arizona. We go out to dinner A LOT.  It has been a long time since we have had some chef really KILL it.   Well, this was the place. Yeah, the place is kind of obnoxious to the point of "Let's get out of this TRENDY place. It CAN'T be good."  Happily, we stayed.  
We ordered the half peach salad and the seafood jambalaya to share.   
The salad was sublime.  It was the perfect start to our dinner.  
On to the main course: The seafood jambalaya.  What can I say?  The rice was perfectly al dente, and the seafood, including the scallops, was cooked to PERFECTION.  
I LOVE this place, and cannot recommend it enough. Just go there.  You will LOVE it.   
Peace and love.I'm  taking away a star from my local place. Hate to do it, but the place looked filthy -- cobwebs all over. I may not be able to see the kitchen, but I worry about hygiene when the indoor seating areas look like they haven't seen a good cleaning in months!  Too bad, because I enjoy the newer menu items such as the open faced salmon sandwich.This is a local restaurant that I have tried about 4 or 5 times now, and each time I go, I am a little more disappointed. The first time you go, you may be impressed that you can flip the menu over and have essentially the same options in vegetarian form. However, either by virtue of no longer being tickled that novelty or by the mere fact that their aren't as many decent vegetarian options, it seems more and more that, that side of the menu is underwhelming.
To be honest, it is really just a small step above your average pub-style food. It is a great last minute option, and there is almost always some outdoor seating available, which is nice. But, I wouldn't plan to make any special trips to this restaurant.
Tip: If you need a place where you can bring your dog for outdoor seating, off of the sidewalk, come check it out. Waiters are nice and will bring some water.Honestly, I want to try it some more so I'm hesitating a 5 star right off the bat.
     So luckily, it's only about 5 minutes from my apartment. My gf and I couldn't decide what to do for dinner so we gave the Grain Exchange a try. The whole menu was quite appealing, but we thought some small plates would be a good mix. We had sweet potato cakes, short rib poutine, chicken & dumplings, and roasted Brussels sprouts.
     I'm not a sweet potato fan, so these were for my gf. I think they were ok, something was missing in my opinion, but they were good enough. Personally my least favorite dish, but not bad by any means. I really liked the poutine, though my gf felt we've had better in other places. It was a very tasty dish. A nice mix of gravy soaked fries as well as some crispy ones. Short ribs was a good addition, though I didn't think it pushed it over the top. The chicken and dumplings was in competition for favorite dish with the Brussels sprouts. Chicken & dumplings was a good comfort dish. Not excessively seasoned, kind of "plain", but what you'd expect of the dish. Plain in a good way. The sprouts were the opposite flavor-wise. Slightly charred, bacon, onions, and a balsamic vinaigrette. Lots of flavor and textures.
     Oh, but I almost forgot. I saw a pic of the apple dumplings online and thought we should try dessert. OH MY! They were amazing. We were pretty full, but after finished everything of the dessert, I felt like I could eat another. It was so good.I visited Grain Exchange last Friday for dinner and drinks with a couple classmates/friends from the nearby Lutheran seminary. None of us is vegetarian or vegan, so we appreciated having a full menu of meat friendly options - something we've found to not be the case with many of the surrounding restaurants in Mt. Airy. All three of us live out of the area so we're always on a quest to find good places to dine while in town for classes.
Service - Mostly prompt and right on point. We were seated immediately and drink orders (beer all around) placed. It took a bit longer than expected to receive the drinks, plus to order and receive our meals. But we weren't in any hurry whatsoever, so this didn't pose a real issue.
Ambiance - Grain Exchange has a warm, inviting feel to it which felt more akin to visiting with friends in their home than in a restaurant. It was busy, but not packed, and the noise level wasn't excessive. It has a distinct pub feel to it and it was easy to unwind and relax with good friends.
Beer - We eached ordered something different from the tap, ranging from a light pilsner to a dark ale. We deliberately switched it up for the second round so combined we could try six different brews. None disappointed, and the price was reasonable for the neighborhood.
Meal - Between us we had the fried chicken sandwich, the scallops and the open face meatloaf sandwich. All three were good, solid choices - if nothing particularly extraordinary. Nothing wrong, but nothing in the 'OMG - where has this been all my life?' realm either.
Price - Dinner for the three of us, including two rounds of drinks, came in at just shy of $100. This was a bit higher than expected for the neighborhood, but across the board everything was above average so it wasn't an issue. Especially for my friends, since dinner/drinks was my treat.
Bottom Line - Grain Exchange is a solid option to dine and/or enjoy a drink. It definitely warrants a repeat visit on future trips to the campus.Favorite brunch spot in Mount Airy! One side of the menu is vegetarian and the other is non-veg, but the chef is willing to veganize any vegetarian dish. Service is excellent, the menu is seasonal, and the atmosphere is hip and cozy. the My boyfriend and I always get the seitan wings as an appetizer. SO GOOD. Their veggie burgers are a must try as well- they are homemade and hearty, and I love that you can sub a side salad instead of fries for no extra cost!Nice little place, sit at a table or the bar. Good service, very attentive staff. I had the beet salad half portion and the shrimp and grits. Both were very good, I could have gotten the half sized beet salad and been satisfied. The shrimp and grits was a total comfort food choice and they give you a hearty portion. I think it was five shrimp and enough cheesy grits for at least two people. The grits were really good, best I've had since I was in Charleston...not easy to come by up north. 
I think I'd try other items on the menu next time. My sister got the fried chicken sandwich which she said was a bit on on the dry side-- the bite I took was pretty tasty. If I got the grits again if definitely split them with someone. We also had the mint julep and the cocktail with a sage infused vodka. Loved the vodka drink but the julep, which was appropriately served in a silver julep cup, wasn't packed with ice and therefore packed a punch and came in a half full cup. Just pack that cup with ice next time and it would be perfect!Went to brunch with a great foodie friend.
We had fried pickles and Mac and cheese for apps and each had a burger.
Meh! There's too many great places to eat in Philadelphia to settle for anything less than great. Wished it was better!This yuppie haven is just that... a yuppie haven; the food is standard American fare running mediocre but dressed up with 'hipster' flare, which somehow merits it being overpriced...? Just because you're serving me stuff on wooden boards and mason jars does not mean you may charge me $5-$10 extra per dish and drink.
Happy hour is ONLY at the bar, beware. The beer list looked decent but the cocktails, though made with promising ingredients and combinations of flavors, did not work; several were decent but ALL were too weak, and when I asked for a second cocktail to be made stronger, they wanted to do two shots and charge me extra for it. Ugh, how petty. 
Just make your drinks stronger to being with, please! And all the cocktails ran towards sweet, lacking other flavor profiles. I like earthy, smoky cocktails personally, and sweetness should complement the other flavors of a cocktail, not dominate the cocktail, as it tends to do with the cocktail list at this place.  
In conclusion: husband and I I spent $70 and left sober and hungry, no thanks; sober + hungry = hangry customers. Also, if you're going to be charging $8-$12/cocktail, make the drinks strong so the customer isn't drinking fruit juice with a hint of gin but an actual cocktail!Have been twice-sat outside on a beautiful night and had a good meal and good service. Went again for a drink-nice bar to sit at but bartender should not refill a wine glass without asking...unless it's a freebie. Paid for a drink I didn't order and didn't want-Left feeling a little like id been scammed.