My wife and I ate a number of things. Crab legs, chicken and broccoli, stuffed clam shells, cooked shrimp from cold bar, pepper steak, mushrooms in oyster sauce, chicken on stick, coconut shrimp (was the WORST next to the Lobster which tasted foul and like cleaning products which my wife spit out immediately), fruit, fried shrimp and banana pudding. Thought the food was average or just ok. Until we came home and  BOTH OF US experienced explosive diarrhea and vomited everything I ate. I will never return and will be contacting the health department after going to the er.Last night I visited Grand China Buffet for the first time and probably last. Dinner is 12.95, but I didn't find enough tasty food to warrant the cost. I took very little of the things I tried so as not to be wasteful. Good thing too cuz the power went off in part of the restaurant, which affected the air conditioning. It was 90 degrees outside. Sigh
Pros:
Baked spinach, very good.
Stuffed Shrimp
Crawfish
Fruit, Ice Cream (can't mess that up too much)
Meh
Sushi rolls
Cons:
reg crab legs and snow crab legs, water logged and tasteless which surprised me since people were like vultures! The second they brought out a tray of crab legs two people, one on either side proceeded to empy the tray...that happened twice, it was just sad. 
The fried squid was chewy
Salmon, Tilapia was dry
Whole flounder, looked so nasty I didn't even try it.
Language Barrier
Steak tough
I could go on...but why. Grand China Buffet gets no love from me.great chinese food buffet! You only need to pay 10.49$ for lunch. Lots of seafood and sushi.We used to eat here all the time, and today was our first time back to this buffet in a few years, and I'll get straight to the point of saying, the food quality went way downhill. 
The good (to be fair):
It was decently crowded today, but it was a Saturday afternoon during dinner, so I wasn't too surprised. The place is very big, so there were plenty of seats, and there was still room to walk up to one of the many buffet stations. We were seated right away, and the staff was very friendly. As soon as we were seated, we were offered drinks and were told we could go right to the buffet. Before making our plates, we walked around to see what the options were, and everything looked clean, and the food appeared hot, as there was steam coming from around the food. 
The bad (to be honest):
As I was dishing up my dinner, I noticed the food itself wasn't steaming, so I touched a few things after putting them on my plate, and they were barely room temperature. Once we got back to the table and started eating, everything was already cold, and nothing seemed fresh for as busy as they were. The honey rolls were hard and stale, the onion rings were ice cold and soggy, the eggrolls had an odd, foul taste, and the dumplings were gristly with a fast food quality meat inside at best. We told the waitress about some of the issues and showed her how stale the rolls were, and she immediately took our plates away and told us to help ourselves to something different. At that point, we should have left and refused to pay, since we hadn't even eaten anything, but because we were regular customers years back, we wanted to give them a fair chance. We went back to the buffet and took small bits of foods from all the stations. To sum it up: nothing was good. Everything we ate could be described as obnoxiously salty with no flavor. The only foods that had flavor had an odd chemical taste that can't be explained. Before finishing up, we walked over to the hibachi area, where you dish up what you'd like them to cook for you (raw meats, seafoods, vegetables), you put on the sauces you like, hand them the plate of raw foods and they cook it on the hibachi grill and give it back to you on a new plate. We chose slices of beef and a few different vegetables. There was only one chef, and although he seemed overwhelmed, he was friendly and efficient, and our food was cooked and given back to us quickly. The beef and vegetables were cooked well, but the brown sauce I chose had a microwaved frozen dinner flavor at best. Sadly it was the best thing we ate there, but it isn't anything I would ever eat again. We planned to try something else from the hibachi area (without sauce), as they had other many options of foods to cook, but when we walked back over, I saw flies in the raw chicken, and the tongs used to pick up the chicken were also being shared with the raw pork next to it. I chose not to eat anything else from the hibachi station, or the rest of the buffet, and we decided at that point to leave. 
Our check for two people came to $38, which was absolutely outrageous for the quality of food we were offered. The buffet did not meet my lowest expectations and we will never eat here again.The worst food I have ever had.used to be good but I think they just don't care anymore it was in a single word GROSSA perpetual cynic of trough-style dining, I was extremely suprised by the quality of food at this buffet housed in a strip mall in a non-Chinese dominated area. There was a glorious variety of food, including authentic Chinese food and standard American fare. Due to the extremely fair prices (lunch $9, dinner $13), the place was packed on the several occasions I visited, which enabled a constant turnover of fresh food. Some of the more impressive options included: king crab legs, lobster in scallion-garlic sauce, clams in black bean sauce, giant prawns, fresh steamed fish, and prime rib. In addition to the array of food banks, there were specialty stations that served ice-cream, stir-fried noodles made to order, dim sum, and....drum roll.....a chocolate fountain! 
Definitely added this buffet to a very short list of buffets I will frequent.Sometimes I bring the family here when I would like sushi but the rest of my family does not eat it, so they can get what they want.
A huge restaurant for seating, the food choices are plenty.  Most are OK; not great or pathetic.  
I have not had any issues with the sushi, but the wasabi and ginger with everyone in line picking it to get theirs is not too pleasing.  
Price is good, service attentive.  Food - you can't be experts at everything but please get good at some things!My experience here was okay. I mean the food was edible at least right? 
Ranging from overcooked noodles to old limp fried shrimp, they're presented on a shiny white platter that didn't seem to actually transfer any heat to the buffet selection. If the food temperature scale was 1-10 where 1 was cold, 5 was warm, and 10 was hot. I would say the food temp. was a 3.5. Not cold but not warm either. 
Aside from that, some of the food selection just felt old and poorly seasoned. Fish was salty, the soup was bland, noodles were way overcooked, fried shrimp not crisp, the chicken was dry, sushi was more rice/cream cheese/fake crab than fish, etc. 
There's also small selection. At first, the buffet looks big because there's a lot of rows but then you realize that each row has like 4-5 different entrees. 
Service was okay. Plates were taken, waters were refilled. However, some areas and plates felt dirty. But hey, at least the bathrooms were pretty clean. So kudos to them for doing something right.I came here tonight with my sister. We were pretty impressed by the size of the establishment and it was pretty busy for a Monday night. The buffet itself is fairly inexpensive at only $12.99 a person, which unfortunately carries over to the food quality... Overall the food was sub-par, mostly fried foods that were probably frozen. The best thing I had was the cheesecake. The service was good for a buffet. Our plates were taken away quickly and she quickly refilled my sisters water 10 times. Sorry but we won't return. .We came here for dinner buffet and our waitress never brought our drinks for a half an hour. We had to call another waiter to bring our drinks for us. This place is way too big and poorly managed. Clearly they cannot handle a big crowd. 
As for the food it's average. Sushi is crap-but what do you expect from a Chinese buffet. I don't think I would come here again. Especially not dinner time.Worst Chinese buffet I've been to. Everything tasted previously frozen or microwaved. The decor is properly described as shabby. Skip it. The Chinese buffet in Warrington is worth the drive. We won't be back.I don't if I've become a buffet addict but recently all I've been doing is going around eating at buffets.  Probably because of convenience rather than taste.  So this place didn't really impress me much.  I heard it was good and had many selections of food but the food was kinda uneventful.  I personally don't like going near Franklin Mills Mall much.. it's too chaotic there and somewhat unsafe.  So that probably didn't help my psyche.  One thing that left an impression on me was how big that place was.. it keeps on going and going in all directions.  I don't think getting a seat is an issue whether it's for two or for 20.  It's BYOB and they have a hibachi station which is different than some places I've been to.  Oh and last but not least.. I wasn't sick when I got home :)This is not my first time here but during this visit I'm noting quite a few improvements. The selection seems to be a lot better and its overall cleaner. I would reccomend this place if you wanted an inexpensive outing with varietyThis place is far inferior compared to Hong Kong King right down Street Road.
The pace in which food comes out is very slow and the quality of the seafood isn't great. Two out of every three plates I pick up from the stack of clean plates are dirty, so always check the plate before you put food on it.
They don't automatically replenish the more expensive items such as the steamed clams and crab legs and when it comes out, the quantity is small and cold. It looks as if the clams were already cooked, but they only replenish it when they see people waiting near the tray. The blue crabs are muddy and dirty, they didn't even clean it before serving it to the customers.
Overall, the food is bad and I'd rather drive a bit further to pay for unlimited seafood with better quality.Really average Chinese buffet. This place gets a lot of traffic at dinner time since it is by the mall and a Walmart. So the staff does their best to keep up with food stock, mess, and the general chaos but you are getting a lot of cross contamination of foods as well as things being poorly or mislabeled so if you have a sensitivity or food allergy you would be wise to avoid this place. Example is they had a sesame bun labeled as a "honey bun" which it did have honey in it but also peanuts. Which you could not see or smell from the outside. This could end up in a trip to the hospital for someone.Last Sunday I visited this China Buffet, I paid for the food with my credit card and they didn't give it back to me. I realized that only when I got home (20 miles away). I called the store to make sure they have my card, Elvin picked up the phone. He was very rude, he told me they don't have my card, without even checking with other personal and hang up the phone. When I called them again I asked Elvin to check the cameras, he denied and just hang up on me again. I called again and asked to speak with supervisor or store owner, Elvin denied again and placed me on hold, 5 min..10min...15 min... he never came back to the phone. When  I called again they simply ignored my calls!! 
They have pretty good food but HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!Eh it was okay. Went on a Friday night right before 8pm. Food wasn't that fresh. There was a decent amount of food for someone that doesn't eat a lot, but for a buffet it was lacking. Wasn't worth the $20 (buffet plus soda and tip). I would go to quick eat a bunch of food, but definitely not to indulge with a group.Two-stars only because the Mongolian grill was actually "fresh" and tasty. Otherwise, this is a one-star review.
Everything at the buffet was old. I saw only one entree (the pepper steak) replenished at the buffet the whole time I was there for dinner on a busy Saturday night. The seafood (when it was actually out) smelled spoiled and some of the crabs where actually completely empty. I was too scared to try the sushi.
The dessert area was pretty unsanitary. The ice cream area is "scoop yourself", which still looked questionable even when it wasn't surrounded by unsupervised kids using their bare hands.
Needless to say, a huge stomachache ensued later. Not surprised.Actually pretty good food for a Chinese Buffet. First the good: Fairly large selection of all kinds of sushi, seafood , meats, chickens, veggies, and a larger Teriyaki bar and a different and unique Mongolian bar with freshly prepared soups of all types for fans of that stuff. All the food I have tried here is pretty fresh and has a good taste,some better than others, you will assuredly find something you like! Place seems very popular with groups and parties as this place is large. Has 2 separate ball rooms and can easily hold a couple hundred people at once.  Now the bad, and its pretty bad: The clientele there shall we say, are not the highest class and Ill just leave it at that! Plenty of screaming kids and families that don't care. So if you want quiet, go somewhere else. The servers, I find to be very robotic like and pushy even more so than the average Chinese Buffet!  A few times they put the check down and hover over you to pay almost immediately! I practically had to tell them to get lost, ill pay when I'm ready a couple of times now. If that's not bad enough, on the check is a courtesy tip computed to 15 and 20 percent of check figured in and the servers point to it when I go to pay like they expect that and the customer needs to pay this !! Are you frigin kidding me?? Ill tip what I want!! I know the Chinese culture is different , but I don't care this is unbelievable nerve and rudeness to me ! And go try to complain to someone there , good luck! The bathrooms, are OK could be cleaner at times. Price wise, for 2 people, I find them to be about 5 dollars overpriced for lunch and 7-8  dollars for dinner!  It's really a shame for me because like I stated above, I actually like the food , but cant deal with the negatives , so if I am in the mood for a Chinese Buffet, I will usually chose the Dynasty across the street !It's unusual for me to not want to eat at a Chinese buffet, but I liked maybe one thing and maybe some ice cream. The food was so unappealing. I've eaten at many a Chinese Buffet and they were all much better. This Chinese food tasted way off. Overcooked or old or something. So that's one thing. And they don't give you knives with their silverware. I thought it was just me but no one had a knife, we had to ask, and she acted pretty blasé about it. Sorry, if you serve meat (and even if you don't) shouldn't knives just be part of what you get automatically? The ice cream station was kinda dirty looking. I like the Jack and Jill ice cream itself- that was good. But a bunch of scoops in dirty water shouldn't be sitting out like that. I agree with another reviewer that a soft serve machine would be a good idea, much easier. Other strange things I noticed- waiter eating right in front of us at a table (I guess it was his break?), our waitress seemed to hover over us and felt like she was just watching us which made me feel uncomfortable (mind you there were many of us sitting at a long table, but she was just standing right there pretty much the whole time). Also the one waiter was yelling after my brother that he had to order a drink- fine, but don't yell after him! Walk up to him or better yet, ask politely or wait til he comes back! So weird. Also, some of them push carts around the floor to fill the buffet or take dishes etc. which is fine and I get it. But they're pretty rude about it- no apologies if they nearly ram into you. They just look at you like you're in their way even though they just push it with no regard. Oh- and there are signs everywhere telling you "Do not waste food." Uh, what?! Ridiculous. Don't tell me how to eat when I'm a paying customer. So customer service or just common courtesy based on this experience, for lack of a better word, sucked. And I've been to buffets where they're friendly and not like this at all. I don't know if they just don't realize it or just don't care, but not a fan. Don't remember if this place was always terrible- my dad had his birthday here in 2012 and I don't remember the food tasting awful, or the service being so bad. But oh boy, is it awful. Don't come here, I know there are much better buffets!Huge space and huge selections.  Now lobster included in weekend dinner.  The furniture is a bit old but comfortable. It offers good valuesFood is ok, a lot of different varieties. My issue is now they actually point out to you how much to tip when you get the bill. It's actually extremely awkward. They hover over you until you fill out the slip. They are essentially busing the tables and not that they are not working hard and they bring you a soda. I'm sure they get stiffed a lot up there but this is something that makes me consider somewhere else to eat and I go there a few times a month.I got a taste for crawfish and hubby got a taste for everything. So we decided to revisit our favorite buffet. We arrive around 5pm on a Monday afternoon, the buffet wasn't busy at all. They were still serving lunch leftovers, but quickly replenish with fresh dinner plates. My favorites tonight are the crawfish, green beans, and the sauteed asparagus. I was getting plates after plates of those 3 items. Hubby enjoyed his usual, cheese spinach, cheese seafood, stuffed shrimp, lomein, etc. WE WILL BE BACK SOON!!Call me insane, crazy and deranged!! Me and my hubby have continously gone to this buffet for three days in a row. We love love love the food. When we went, the hostess have a SHOCK look on her face lol. I guess she have never see the same family three days straight We got our usual cream spinach, cheese crabmeat, crawfish, string beans, stuffed shrimps, sour apple water ice, coffee ice cream, watermelon, kiwi  etc. Since is on a weekday our bill including soda for a family of 2 plus a 1 year old came up to around $32 compare to $36 on weekends. 
I do believe in tipping so I left my server $7 tip. When a service is given to me, I believe in tipping(15%-mediocre service, 20%-good service and 25%+ for awesome service),  as if I was at a full service restaurant. I know for sure when I tip good, the next time me and my family go, they will treats us GOOD.If I could give this negative Stars I would where else can you get cold food that's supposed to be hot and hot food that's supposed to be cold and sweat the entire time you sit there and then if you don't give them a proper tip like it's a real restaurant they curse you out in Chinese we had a separate bill for my family I gave 20% because that's who I am my mom believes that it's just a buffet and they only serve you drinks so from a $40 Bill she gave her $3 and this waitress hawked me for my money and then complain to my mother and said no no no you give me 599 when I heard that I took a dollar of them I tip never in a million years I've ever been to a restaurant with a waitress tries to barter for her tip and then gives you an attitude but on top of all that the sushi was the worst Sushi I ever had it was like gas station sushi actually gas station sushi is probably better as far as the food below mediocre I mean I wouldn't even give this to my dog my dog deserves better lesson learned stay away from Grand China Buffet they're looking like they're on their way out anyway I'd like to add in the bathroom there was a trash can overflowing on the floor with paper towels and it smelled like urine and vomit most of the chicken selection was good and hot but then the wontons for the wonton soup more dry on the top that were sticking out of the soup it only takes a second to mix things up as you go around the buffet I've been the buffets before it's obvious the employees don't care they attack you for the tip we will never step foot in this dive ever againSecond time here. Second time disappointed. The first time I was with my sister and her husband and we had all decided that it was no where in quality to the buffet across the street. This time around I came with my mother and father and I had warned them about it having less food and smelling like fish. My dad insisted we go here. Went in, Paid $17 for each person right at the door,  got seated, ordered our drinks, and went to get some food. Having been here before I wasn't expecting anything great. Last time I stuffed my face with the fried squid and calamari and this time there was none. I got some shrimp and some fries and I felt bad because my mom got green beans.... I mean it's justifiable to get them but she literally made them last night for dinner so I could tell it was because they had no options. The shrimp I had was mushy and cold and the fries were hard. I started saying how I didn't like the place and my dad who insisted on going even commented that it wasnt worth the price tag and that he'd rather just throw the $60 out of the window lol They had many empty trays that stayed empty the entire time we were there and my favorite thing after a meal is to eat a few osters with cocktail sauce and lemon. No osters, just 3 clams im cracked shells under a bunch of ice. You can call me lazy or privileged but when I went to get ice cream I couldn't even get it out of the bucket it was so frozen. Id much rather pull a lever and get smooth ice cream. Last time I'm ever coming here. I think the waitress tried to make up for this and cater to us (or she wanted a tiplol) because she could see we didnt eat much.Another quick fix all you can eat Chinese buffet in the NE. The food is no different from the other chinese buffets in the area. They have 10% off when you check in. The part that stood out the most was the whole steam blue crabs. I haven't seen them at a Chinese buffet before. The service is good.I'm giving this place 2 stars for their big selections of food and ok service. 
Several food I tried were not fresh, their plates are dirty and wet. 
The Sunday/holiday price is less than $15/head. 
Won't go back.I wouldn't even give this place a star if that were an option. The food was gross. The stir fry mushrooms were overly sweet. The black bean mussels/ baby clams were TOO salty. The chef is too heavy handed with the seasoning. The crab meat in the sushi was still frozen and stuck together. When the check was already paid, I left the tip in the check book and I was ready to go. As soon as I closed the check book, the server walked over leaned into the table to grab the check book and she just stayed there! She was blocking my way from leaving my seat as if she wanted to lock me in there to make sure her tip was there. I said excuse me but she didn't move. I had to shift the booth that I was sitting in to get out. Terrible food, terrible service. I will never return.Wow! Went there for my brother in laws birthday and was taken away when I walked in! This place is huge! The food ranged from your ordinary chicken broccoli to fresh soy bean milk!! They had one buffet bar filled with traditional Chinese food! Honestly I was overwhelmed by the choices! For desert... Chocolate fondue, water ice, and a cotton candy machine!! Take that other buffets! You can reserve a private room in the back which has KAROKE!! I'm in love with this place! Now let's hope this place stays clean for the next few months so I can have a birthday party here!!This place has out done all local buffet restuarants in the Northeast.  I've went there yesterday for dinner with my mom and bro and was statisfied.  The place is huge, very nice decor, food was good (kind of  greasy), staff was very helpful and fast.
They have a chocolate fountain in which you can have your choice of dipping either strawberries or bananas in.  They even have cotton candy (I've never seen that in a buffet), choice of water ice or ice cream for dessert.  I'm not a dessert person but I was happy for those who were!
Another surprising food there was Dim Sum, BUT don't even bother trying because it wasn't tasteful nor fresh.  I think we paid $13 per person, not bad- it was an experience that I wouldn't mind doing again! Check it out :)can't expect much from a buffet. $15 a person is fair but definitely not worth it. I know buffets don't give you the best or freshest quality but at least make it taste good. nasty never again sorry.What a selection of food, so many choices, the food is good, the ice cream and chocalate fountain is great also. I will be back again. 
Its clean and plenty of seatsWhen this place first open I love it. The price was reasonable and the food was fresh. Now this place has gone down it is always busy but the food is not the same like before. I think the place is so busy not everything is sanitize. I've gotten sick from here twice. the first time I thought maybe it was me just eating something bad and got food poison. then I thought a month later I'd give it another try since we have relatives in town. And again, I came home sick from the food again. I don't like to go to places where I have to hug the toilet when I get home feeling miserable. I won't be back even if you drag me there.The food quality and selection has gone down a notch, so Grand China Buffet loses a star.
The other positives about Grand China Buffet I outlined in my past review still stand: very quick turnover, decent variety, surprising cleanliness, and unparalleled people watching. Not everything is good, but there are enough good things on the buffet line to keep me coming back roughly monthly. Worth the $12 to gorge yourself on seafood, the Mongolian Grill station, and some of the more authentic Chinese stuff.I have to say this is the best Chinese buffet in the area for reasons you would not expect. I do have to say their "traditional/generic" Chinese dishes SUCK. No offense, but the lo mein, fried rice and general tso's needs to be drastically improved but what i like about this place is the variety. The sushi bar is average, I've seen others like it in the area but what sets this place is apart is the Mongolian Grill. You can get beef, chicken sewers, shrilled all grilled, you can make your own Mongolian hot pots and make your own stir fried noodle station. Also the amount of seafood at this buffet is pretty impressive. They have snow crabs, blue grabs, crawfish and shrimp and they all look decent! I would definitely come back here on a hungover Sunday once againGoing to a Chinese buffet, I know there won't be many options for me as a vegan. Considering there was sushi, I thought I might have more luck. I was able to get a few things but most of the sushi options were fish. Besides sushi, there were very few hot bar options and most were fried items. I love fried food, but I'd really rather not eat it because it's so unhealthy. I liked that they had water ice as an option for dessert. I didn't try any since I knew it would be too sweet for me. There were tons of fruit though, which was very good.
The place isn't very appealing inside, but it is a buffet... They have a back room for parties, which is nice. The staff was friendly from what I experienced. Bathrooms seemed clean. I probably would choose to go somewhere else where I could have more food options.For what ypu pay and what you get you can't go wrong with this place.   
Staff is very friendly and the place is very clean.
Food is plentiful and they always have fresh sushi. 
I'm always satisfied when I leave.This place is absolutely enormous. It surprised me how many huge dining rooms there are, yet even when packed with customers everything seems to be efficiently run and service was outstanding.
Everything that I ate was delicious and I tried maybe 1% of the offerings! Fried items were hot, crisp and absolutely not greasy. Crab legs were delicious & everything turns over so quickly that the dishes are all very fresh.
We sat in the very back dining room that protects you from the noisy frenzy. We'll be back!I don't know if it's because I got here at 9pm, but when I got there I could tell that most of the food had been out for awhile and was dried out. Most of the food trays were empty and there were no servers bringing out new food. I walked around for 5mins trying to figure out what I wanted to eat and had to get mash potatoes! Idk about you guys but I NEVER get mah potatoes at a Chinese buffet. It's all about the crawfish and other seafood that I look for, and all of that was empty. After 20mins, my family and I were too frustrated and had to complain. The manager understood what we were talking about and only made us pay for our drinks.. 
It could just be bad timing so I'm willing to give it another chance another time, but from my experience last night.. I think they only deserve one star for now. Late or not, they close at 1030.. They should still have good food out..One of the best buffet in town, vide variety of food, desserts  are awesome.... overall Im very much satisfied.Been coming here for years because it's never made me sick. The sushi isn't minado level, but it's fresh. There's basic california rolls etc. 
The chinese food is average. I like the section where you make a plate of raw stuff and they cook it up for you.
The ice cream really grosses me out though. Picture a bunch of kids reaching into a freezer with sticky hands and dirty scoopers. They really need a soft serve machine.In short: wonderful variety and quick turnover lead to a surprisingly enjoyable buffet experience.
In long: Went with my dad on a Tuesday night, and the place was surprisingly busy. All sorts of people, from the fattiest of fatties to throngs of Asian families, were in attendance. Made for some interesting people watching, but I digress.
We were quickly seated with a smile, quite surprising for a Chinese buffet. Drink orders were taken and we headed to the buffet. My philosophy on buffets is to hit them where it hurts. As such, I avoided any starches (such as fried rice and noodles), chicken (cheapest meat available, usually not great at buffets regardless) and vegetables (ha ha), and rather focused mainly on seafood and the more authentic Chinese dishes.
Highlights of the meal:
Crawfish - not the best I've had but they're big and good for the price
Clams in Black Bean Sauce - baby clams in a light, flavorful broth
Green Mussels - hilariously mislabeled as "fried salmon," monstrous, meaty mussels in a brown sauce 
Beef Tripe - no, that is not a typo
Pork Belly - wonderfully fatty, served in a brown sauce
Fried "Crab Claw"/Fan-Tailed "Shrimp"/Fried "Scallops" - breaded imitation crab meat garnished/shaped-like the animal in question and passed off as the animal in question. Deceptive, yes. Delicious, yes.
Fried Squid - tentacles and all
Roast Duck - crispy, fatty skin and deeply flavorful meat
Salt and Pepper Frog Legs - overbattered, but crisp and meaty nonetheless
Not everything was a hit though:
Spare Ribs - gristly and rubbery
Taro Shrimp - a half inch shrimp shoved into a fist-sized ball of fried taro, avoid avoid
Crab Rangoon - THERE WAS NO CRAB :O
Baked Salmon - dry dry dry
Anything American - why are you eating here?!
Everything else I sampled was decent. The reason for the high rating is the staggering variety and incredible freshness. Nothing tasted like it had been sitting under the heat lamp for too long. Furthermore, service was superb (for a buffet). Didn't sample dessert, but my dad enjoyed his fresh fruit and apple pie. Easily the best of the four buffets in Franklin Mills, and likely the best in the overall area. Will return with an emptier stomach. Subsequent heartburn worth it.The roast beef was flavorful but difficult to hack off the bone - no carving station just a big lump of grayish meat in one of the stainless steel trays and a knife but no fork to hold it steady while sawing away at the meat. Probably the worst spring roll I have ever tasted - salty mush. I ate half and my dining companion agreed it was awful and could manage only one bite. Breaded fried shrimp were barely acceptable. The little cocktail sausages wrapped in bacon were extremely salty - overpoweringly so. Enough to gag you. I know its cheap to eat here and all of NE Philly seemed to be here with their kids running around the aisles, but the food is just terrible. I like the buffet at Columbus Blvd and Washington Ave - much tastier if slightly more expensive. Grand China Buffet is  very crowded with salty, tasteless, overcooked food. We skipped deserts and left as soon as we could - we were with a large crowd of friends so stayed longer than I would have liked if we had come just to dine.This place is huge and has everything you could ask for as far as food selection in a Chinese buffet! It also has a nice hibachi and sushi bar. The drink servers could be more pleasant though but it's a good awesome buffet other then that!Good food, but sometimes the food is dry depending on when you go to eat. But the sushi is great! I love the sushi!best chinese buffet in the philly area. great variety. clean and the workers are nice and know english pretty well. would recommend to any one.I used to love this place, but recently  on couple occasions after eating here...I had to run home basically....YOu get the idea!  Luckily I live close by....Eh is al I really have to say. Pulling up the place is huge and looks amazing. BUT then you sit in the booths and the chairs are very gross and old looking. Sushi: good, very fresh looking but not a lot variety. Most of the specialty rolls had a ton of spicy sauce on them and whatever wasn't spicy was too bland. Wasn't willing to try the oysters considering there was some sort of white goo on them. PLASTIC plates are very dirty looking and small, sand which size. For the restaurant I suggest, renovations be made and upgrade on sushi and other food within the buffet. A lot of things within the restaurant just look dirty. The fruit were on gross plates and they let bananas sit out for obviously too long. This place can be a 5 star buffet, they just need to look at other buffets and change accordingly.This place looked great from the outside. We went inside , and although we got there in the last two hours before closing, I feel as though thats no excuse for old food. Almost everything was hard as if was out for hours. When I asked for scallions for my wontons (which tasted like cardboard) the woman said no that they were closing soon and there was no more. I was also disappointed with the staff, who were rude and frankly not sanitary. I was in the bathroom and waitress Wendy came in to perform the "hourly bathroom tasks" and checked off the list and walked out and did not one thing she checked off on the list. The bathroom was nasty, pee on all the seats and overflowing garbage recepticals. Don't risk your health or waste your money in this dump. Its too iffy for me to go back and make another whack at the place and spend my hard earned money.YOU'RE THE NEW KID ON THE BLOCK... IMPRESS ME!!!!
I'm a very picky eater and I'm very critical when it comes to eating out.  I don't care what time of day/night it is.  If you close at 10:30, you better have the buffet tables filled with enough food for whoever is left in the restaurant.  It's a buffet!!!  I came to the place to load myself up with everything you offer, not 1/3, not 1/2, but EVERYTHING!
My wife and I basically live on buffets.  We go every week.  This place, being the new kid on the block opened up right across from our all-time favorite buffet: Dynasty.  We love trying new places, so we gave it a shot.  We got there at around 8:45pm (almost 2 hours til closing).  The place closes at 10:30.  To my understanding, that's the latest closing buffet on the strip (there's a few other buffets right on that strip).  I got there with my wife and sisters.  We were excited!  But not for too long...
FIRST thing we noticed was the big sushi bar!  WOW so big!!!  But oh, where is all the sushi?!?!!  There was literally only 3 plates on the bar... Three plates of sushi that looks to me, has been sitting there for hours.
SECOND thing we noticed were the many many buffet tables!  WOW so many!!! but oh, where is all the food?!?!!  There was 4 whole steam tables with no food at all!!!  I'm paying for food not for steam!!!  Seventy percent of the food they had out were the fried foods.  Ten percent of the food they had out were salad/desserts.  Don't even ask about the rest of the food, it just wasn't there.  On top of that, the food that they did have out... it was old.  Now, I know it's a buffet and the food is gonna sit there... but no, this wasn't sitting food... this was old, dried, dehydrated food.  You're a food establishment,  swap your food out!  Take more notice in what's on the tables before someone gets sick!
If you don't want to waste food, lower the portions and have it on the steam tables for me!  I don't care if you close at 9, 10, or 11... If I come in, and you're seating me... You better offer me everything.  Otherwise, it'd be nice to be notified when I walk through the doors.  If you're only gonna have half the food out, don't charge me for everything.
I would go on and on... Absolutely worst buffet experience ever!  Hate this place with a passion.
I'm never coming back!  Never again will I betray Dynasty buffet... you just can't beat them!  You like Crab Legs?? You like crawfish??  Go to Dynasty... you won't have to wait more than 3 minutes for them to swap out the trays.  You like good service?  you like to come in 5 minutes before closing time and still have food on the tables?  Go to Dynasty.  You want your drinks to be filled every time it's empty?  Go to Dynasty.  You like buffets?  GO TO DYNASTY!!!Fellow Yelpers that gave this place 5 stars were over generous!  Yes, I agree with the plentiful variety.  But, I give 2 stars for the lack of consistency on food quality and service.  I left this place feeling unquenched - not satisfied!We went on fathers day and all I can say is Dirty , dirty and dirty ... also over priced!! First an last time here!!! Plates on plates still had food on them after being washed!!! I had to look threw several plates before finding a clean one. Soda we ordered was provided in a picture and there was a black an I mean very black ring around the inside of the picture of mountain due that was served to us!! The table we sat at wasn't even wiped down before we got seated!! I was sick when I got home never again do not go here !The reviews on this place are so mixed but I personally like this place. It's a buffet so I'm not here for the experience....just the food AND the sushi! The reason I love coming here is because it satisfies my sushi craving while satisfying my husband's needs for food. Going to a sushi place is hard for us because he's not a sushi fan. This place actually has great sushi. Freshly rolled and if you're nice enough they'll make a fresh roll for you. They also have the mogolian grill which my husband always goes too. They have a great selection of prepared foods and for dinner they have crab legs. They come out slowly but I'm not the person who waits because there's so much other food. And you really can't beat the price.A very wide selection of food. Clean place. Plenty of seats. They have their own hibachi section. Pretty cheap.. I believe $8 per person. I'll update about this again.. since I'm not too sure.. I've been to this place like 2 times with my family and every single time I forgot to look at the actual price for per person. My mom or my sister always get the check and paid for it right away. To take out is $6 per pound. Again, I have to check on this one.
They have ice cream and italian ice. Surprisingly fresh sushi. Plenty of chicken and fish on the menu. Good for those who watch their cholesterol levels.
Overall, this new place is much better buffet than Dynasty buffet which located right across the street.From the makers of Hong Kong King Buffet on Street Road comes the new place at Franklin mills next to Dick's sporting goods.  At least that is my understanding its the same owners.
Place is very clean, spacious and they have a ton of food that you dont get at any other buffet.  For one the have pig feet, tripe and lobster.  They also have the usual asian inspired foods, such as chicken strips and the fajita.  Did I mention they have a cotton candy machine?!!??  Yes they have one!!  How cool is that!  
All joking aside.  Food is great, always fresh, never sits out for hours!  The sushi is good.  I've been to this place 2x already.  It seems like on the weekends they have new items that I have not experienced at a buffet before like the birds nest, or the tofu with stuffed shrimp.   Looks like this is my new buffet place.  
The only bad thing i've encountered was that the service wasnt up to par.  Never gave refill unless you asked and never gave napkin.  This also depends on who the waiter or waitress was.  There was one who picked up the plates and refilled your drink without needing to ask.  I like that.  Thats what they should do.  
Great place for all you can eat!  Definately recommended!!
Happy Eatings!!Don't be expecting high quality food. This is a buffet that charges $12.99 per person for dinner. And you definitely get a GREAT deal from the price you paying! 
They have a huge selection of fresh seafood :) from crabs, to lobster, to crab legs, shrimps, to different types of fish, sashimi, etc 
I love their whole steam crabs! Super huge, fresh and lots of meat! And their fried shrimps are pretty darn good too!
They also have hibachi that makes some good noddles with your choice of toppings! 
They also have the basics like chicken and broccoli, vegetable lo mein, etc
And they have a wide selection of desserts and fruits, watermelon, strawberries, cantaloupes, grapes, etc and italian ice and tons of ice cream flavors
Their sushi is not that great tho...rice a bit hard for me
I am definitely a fan, and will definitely return againWhen it comes to buffets, I'm an afficianado. I can tear up a buffet. On a good day, if the food is good, I'll go back at least 4 times. Never getting the same thing twice. I'm the guy who has to try everything. Now Grand China Buffet is almost there. The selection is good, and the food that's there is very tasty. It's actually pretty good. Lot's of seafood which I love. And the soups are not all watery, they actually have flavor.
Now the cleanliness of the place is remarkable. The floor is actually vacuumed. The sneeze guards are clean and the food is actually marked so you know what your getting and don't have to guess. 
The service is friendly and very attentive. Which you know is rare for a Chinese style buffet. Our drinks were refilled in a timely manner and the empty plates were constantly picked up. 
Overall, I'd say this is the best Chinese buffet I've had in Philadelphia. I would eat here all the time if I could put away more food at once.While this looks like your run of the mill dodgy chinese buffet, it is quite good.   Fairly good sushi selection even have sashimi.   There is a mongolian BBQ side and stir fry station.    The rest of the warm food is pretty decent.  When I am in the area and it is meal time would gladely go again.Yuck!!! I use to like this buffet until recently. When they first opened, it's was great. All the food was fresh and had so many selections. Maybe it was bc they were trying to get people in the door. But now, they lowered everything!!! I've gone during lunches plenty of times esp on weekends. This last time was the last straw. No crawfish, sushi rice was hard, the chocolate fountain wasn't turned on, limited food selection, and cheese curls on a warmer?!?!? Who does that? 
Also, this place has gotten so dirty. While walking around, I thought I had gum stuck to the bottom of my shoes, but it wasn't the case. The floors were just so dirty that it felt beyond uncomfortable to walk around.
Lastly, service is not that great. I had rootbeer in my cup, and the lady just goes around with a pitcher of coke, and pours it into my cup without even asking me what it was!!! When I told her that this was rootbeer, she gave me the dirtiest look and took the cup away. Helloooo...if you just asked what it was in the first place, we wouldn't have this problem...Don't get me wrong I love Chinese food, but this location is the worst. I was there about 3 weeks ago. They sat us all the way in the back. Didn't really mind because it was cool and there was other customers in the same room. The food isn't the greatest,  service sucks. When we went to pay our bill we gave our bus person a fair tip, she then turns to her coworker with smurk on her face and in Chinese says something about the tip we gave. I dont need to speak Chinese to know that she was talking about us and complaining about the tip. I told the hostess we would never return. I rather go to my local Chinese take out than this place ever again.This place used to be good but now its awful...the food just sits there and let it dry out....Huge variety. Good service. The food quality is typical of buffet style. Plenty of seating. All the food items were full except the crab legs.When we approached, a homeless man promptly greeted us outside with a ragged beard and request for something to eat. We were seated quickly as there are a plethora of tables, then immediately behind us was sat a family with a screaming baby who serenaded us for the duration of our meal. There were several "food" items I could not identity, regardless of their written descriptions. I had a few servings which all tasted slightly different than any other Chinese foods I've ever eaten. Tasting notes include Clorox and ginger, maybe ginger. The banana pudding was overly salted. I write this review from the bathroom, as it is my fourth time evacuating my bowels today. My balloon knot hurts and begs for mercy.  I would not recommend this place to the homeless man, or anyone else.Everything was bad, don't waste your money. Bland, tasteless, greasy, and gross. I'm well aware that buffets are glorified feeding troughs, but this was below that even. Service was fine. Food sucked all around.Lots of people waiting for the lobster, it will be cleared within 10 seconds each time it came out.   
Staff here are super friendly. Will come back again.I just ate there tonight and I found it to be discussing the food was atrocious They put a handful of crab legs out at a time some of the food on the buffet look like it was out there for hours and hours and hours also it was so hot in the restaurant it was cooler outside than it was inside I will never ever go back againThis place is ridiculious! bring your own water because.. They charge us $1.50 for a cup of TAP WATER! Like are you kidding me? Water? For a dollar and fifty cents??? Thats soo ridiculious! The food is getting worser and worser.. They hardly have good choices there.. The snow crabs comes out every 20- 30 mins.. And also the lobsters.. They only put out the lobster heads and the shells.. I hardly see any meat in the peice of lobster.. The clams are super salty.. The food isnt that great.. Besides the sushi are OK there.. Nothing in there are good.. I will never ever go back there. My tip for you all is bring ur own water! They charge $1.50 a cup!Been coming here since the beginning of time. However, food has gone downhill and the sushi is pathetic...Holy Mackerel... there's a good selection of food here at the Grand China Buffet!
The seafood selection is very good and it's always fresh. A lot of the dishes at this buffet are your "usual" American Chinese cuisine but they also have a surprising number authentic Chinese dishes as well. It's nice how they keep this much food out and have it fresh. It helps that there's always a big crowd of people here so it keeps the buffet updated constantly.
As far as taste goes, I think I would place this buffet as one of the better places in the Northeast since there's quite a bit of buffets to choose from. The variety of food is quite similar between all of the buffets.
There's a few things about this particular restaurant that stands out to me... CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN!!...incredible number of seating, there's even 2 or 3 party rooms with lots of seating as well. 
All in all, I think this a decent buffet w/ a good wait staff and I'll probably come back.I always come here for take out and sometimes I go there to eat. Each time I go there the food I would say is good but every time I'm there I feel like it's very over priced vs other Chinese buffets. And we are not even talking about major differences between the food they serve and other buffets. Customer service is same vs other buffets. I really can't point out a difference between this buffet vs other cheaper ones. If it wasn't for the over priced food I would actually recommend this place to anyone but bc other buffets are literally 10 mins away and 5 dollars cheaper person I just can't.The fact that I'm even writing a review for a Chinese buffet should be enough to let you know that it is something special. I hate going to Chinese Buffets because usually the food is unappetizing and the people who frequent these places are equally as nasty. I've never eaten at a buffet and felt good about it. I only go to these places when my friends and me all want something different. I stop in the beer store next door to this place so, when my friends and me couldn't decide where to eat before a movie, I decided to give it a try and I was really impressed.
This place has a great variety of food and I liked pretty much everything I tried. Sure some of the selections were a miss for me, but overwhelmingly I enjoyed the items I piled onto my plate. The food that surprised me the most was the sushi. From experiences in the past I swore never ever to eat sushi from a Chinese Buffet again. But their rolls looked good and I gave them a try. I was impressed. Sure it's not as good as a real sushi joint like Vic's or Makiman but it was fresh and tasty and hands down the best I had in a buffet.
The place was was very clean and the service was attentive. Yes, there were still a lot of fugly Walmart people there, nothing they can do about that but at least the quality of food is great. It's strange to think that I would actually look forward to going to a Chinese Buffet for a meal but Grand China Buffet is an exception I'm willing to make.Came here for the first time for lunch on Father's Day. I don't really like buffets but I was impressed with the huge selection! It was quite overwhelming.
Great pluses are the made to order noodles, made to order octopus, beef, etc. There's a sushi bar (with seaweed salad). Tons of fruit and cakes including a chocolate fountain. Pizza, wings, onion rings, fries, soups, and traditional dishes you'd get at a Chinese restaurant. 
The quality of the food overall was OK since they provide so many options for such a discounted deal. They should also get Hoison sauce and the red hot sauce for dipping meats!
I really loved the mussels and I LOVED the duck. So crispy! I wish I would've eaten less of everything else and more of the duck! YUMM.I'm stumped.  I really am.  Because I just ate an unbelievable amount of hibachi, Mongolian bbq, all kinds of dim sum, sushi and Italian ice, and SOMEHOW, the Saturday lunch bill was only $12 a person after tax and tip.
And we got a real live hibachi show...literally BETTER than anything I've ever seen at the Manhattan Benihana's with pyrotechnics galore (e.g., where Benihana's makes the onion volcano steam, the guy at Grand China Buffet made the onion volcano and then doused the thing with alcohol and set it on fire...the fire shot up 2-3 ft high!).  One note on the hibachi, I'd recommend sticking to the beef and the fried rice...the shrimp was mediocre
And I had a plate full of different dim sum dumplings and things with no repeats!  And the food was tasty!
And I got to serve myself as much ice cream and water ice as I could eat
So I guess there's only one thing to do...
Summon the trumpeters, the fatties, the synchronized fireflies, the football teams, the gluttons, the black widow, the leaping narwhales and Nibbler...it is time...TO CROWN A NEW KING OF THE BUFFETS IN THE TRI-STATE AREA!!!
Congratulations, Grand China Buffet.  I was raised on buffets, and you blew my mind!
PARTING THOUGHT: You may need to request the hibachi tables.  Also, if you are a buffet newbie, please refrain from wearing tight pantsMy wife loves this place. I hate this place. I have yelp, she doesn't so I'm right. Nasty.I was starving when I came here for dinner. It was very busy and packed, however the wait wasn't too bad since they have extremely spacious seating. The food was blah to me. Most of the dishes lacked flavor like the creamy spinach (looked good no flavor), the lobster tail was delicious, the sushi was delicious but the oyster was bland and tasteless as well. So I felt like the food was a trial and error. The dessert was equally disappointing; the sponge cake was tasteless, the flan was watery and bland, but the chocolate fondue was a plus. The fruit could've been fresher but they also provide ice cream as well. Also there were times when there were no clean plates out or certain items needed to be replenished. Overall I had an ok experience here. Not sure if I want to return.I love going over to this buffet especially because of the variety of different foods. But the only thing that I hate from here are the waiters. Once the check comes , they stand there and point at the bigger % for their tip. It shouldn't be that way. You should be able to tip what ever % you will like out a the three options they give you. If I wanna give you the lowest %. It's up to me. Not youI came here for a friend's birthday but the food wasn't that great.  It's a lot of food to choose from but the food itself is only so so.  Also, you have to wait in line for a long time before they bring out the lobster or crab legs.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one star is because the cotton candy was the only that I enjoyed eating there.The foods are very good to be tasted, but little cold. The buffet are delicious what you want to eat as your favorite dish.I ended up having lunch here yesterday.  Took my mother to Raymour & Flanagan and then she wanted to have lunch.  Normally I try to stay away from theses places but Mom was treating and she wanted a buffet so what's a good son to do?  
It was one of the hottest days of the year and it didn't feel very cool inside.  The place seemed very clean, we were seated promptly and our waitress was very polite and attentive.  The food was so-so.  Some dishes were hot, others were barely warm.  The variety was enormous and the trays seemed to be constantly replenished.  Not the place to go for a quality meal but for less than $20 we had an OK lunch.