Great neighborhood bar. The bartenders are super nice, and the people really make you feel at home. It's also nice to have a place to go alone for just a few drinks or good food. I give it a definite 5!I'm proud to call this place my neighborhood bar.  I'm new to the Port Richmond area but the bar has adopted me as a local.  Inexpensive drinks (huge selection), good happy hour, and really good food (try the burger) make it an easy place to catch a game or spend some time with friends and/or locals.
A few things you should know: (1) it's cash only, (2) monster Sunday happy hour, (3) good jukebox.Love this place. Please don't come here. I can't stand to lose another bar to overcrowding.Standard - nothing special here. 
If you are 'emo' you'll definitely find the Green Rock Tavern 'emo-tastic'. I think that's a good thing, right? Right. 
Anyways - we enjoyed. If I lived in the area I'd probably go back, but definitely not worth going if you have to drive. 
Beware the OVER-SERIOUS dart players... pretentious fools.Wow..what an awesome place..I felt like i was drinking at home. Met some new great people.  The owner and bartender which i cant remember their names treated me like i was a regular.  The patrons were as friendly as mickey mouse. I will make sure to visit again.Hello, beautiful. 
Visited this lil bar last night with a friend. We were confused about the actual name since there's currently no sign out front but we felt welcomed by the big painting of Kenzinger on the side of the bar. 
We walked in around 4:30 and figured they must have just opened since their only patrons were a dad and his little kid eating pierogies at the bar. We grabbed one of the few tables toward the back and were greeted by the bartender, Nicole. 
We noticed the draft list was only Philly Brewing company beer. She gave us the scoop that the bar and brewing company had a great relationship with each other so they only feature PBC beer on tap. "They're good to us, so we're good to them." 
We weren't complaining about that! I ordered the dry cider while my buddy ordered the Wunder beer. The bartender asked me if I ever had the cider and warned me that it was super dry. She then told me that her trick is to put a drop of raspberry schnapps inside to sweeten it up a bit. She was right, it was absolutely delicious. 
We both ordered food, the sirloin burger and the BBQ pork Sammy. Luckily, both of our Sammies came with hand cut, homemade french fries. I love fries more than most other foods so I was delighted to munch of them while my BBQ pork cooled. The sandwich was even better than the fries. Mounds of pulled pork cooked in a sweet, slightly tangy BBQ sauce. You can tell that they don't just plop some sauce on the bun. They marinate the shreds of pork in the sauce so they fully absorb the flavor. 
A couple hours and a slew of hipsters later, I was on my 4th dry cider and my buddy had switched to good ol' Kenzinger. We tipped out waitress about 30% and let her know we'd definitely be back with friends. She was so knowledgeable and this hidden gem hosted a great time for my friend and me. This place makes me almost wish I lived in Port Richmond. 
A couple of tips:
This place is cash only. There is an ATM in the bar and Nicole let us know that the one across the street is surcharge free. 
There are other bottled beers available. Local and domestic if you're not into PBC  beers but why the hell wouldn't you be?
Hipster heaven. But it's more entertaining than annoying.
Parking! There are a few spaces you can park for free right beside the bar out front. 
*Bonus: Nicole let us know that at the end of Feb they have a pierogie fest. 21 different kinds of pierogie deliciousness that she makes herself. Count. Me. In.This little gem  is a diamond in the ruff for sure.  Great brew selection, cool bartenders and off-the-hook grub!  I highly recommend the pierogies, complete with carmelized onions, sauerkraut and sour cream.I stop by every time I'm in Philadelphia. Great neighborhood bar with excellent food, beer selection and prices. Jukebox is amazing, but best reason to go are the bartenders. They treat you like a regular on your first visit. You'll come back often, I promise.Dinner last night was great! Homemade Pierogies, kielbasa, great craft beer selection, great service!There are few things in this world that I love more than toys. I have recently made an attempt at work to clean my desk up, except now all the toys that once covered my cubicle, are stored in an over sized bag because I don't have the heart to bring them home.
Out of the 20-or-so shelves at Green Rock, about 4 or 5 of them actually have booze on them. Every other shelf is home to a Star Wars, Star Trek, or some amazing action figure. It's quite impressive.
I sat with a friend, ordered some beers & food and relaxed. The quesadilla I ordered was delicious. Fresh, cheesy, and served with a side of fresh salsa and sour cream. The bartender was a friend of a friend of a friend and was enjoyable to talk to. If I drove... or if SEPTA made it easier for me to get to this bar, I'd certainly show my face more often.A good hang out bar with good food.  The prices are good and the bartenders are on top of things.  They pay attention to how full your beer is and what you are drinking.  I've been here a few times and have always had a good experience.This is my neighborhood watering hole, Best Burger Ever! The drinks are cheep. bartenders always nice. Overall best bar ever!My boyfriend and I both liked what we ordered! We were in the mood for pub food and we got it. I enjoyed the pulled pork and my boyfriend got the kielbasa sandwich. The fries are also pretty good- thick cut with the perfect amount of seasoning.The Robin .S. is a hipster !!!! She heard that it was a place that is going to be hip in another year .That why she came from the memphis tap room to here!!LOL  any way the place is a cool dive bar and now they are starting to have good bands play every once in a while.  Its a nice place to go get a cheap beer and chill if your in the areaOnce you discover the Green Rock you never want to leave.
Just stop by on the 1st to finally see what all the commotion was about with these darn pierogi's.  10+ different varieties plus two dessert versions!
Absofreakinlutly the best!!!
I think they should have this event twice a year. Second time in the summer with tents  and grilles. 
Call it Pierogi's on the Street!!!Green Rock is an adorable place.   Probably not one to go out of your way for, but if you happen to be in the area, especially if you're a vegetarian - it's the place to be.  The area is sorely lacking in veggie options.  The pierogies are amazing and are extremely filling.  The menu is written in chalk, so not sure if it changes frequently, but they also had falafel.  The desserts sounded good but we were too full.What can i say? Green rock will you marry me? I love this place, and I'm pretty sure it loves me. Cash only you say? Who cares- the ATM across the street is free for you to make a whole lot of poor decisions you might regret come Monday morning (or lets be honest on any morning cuz weekday drinking is fun here too).  Drinks-strong and not too pricey, bartenders- probably the most awesome bar staff in the universe, food is good too. Only warning is beware u don't get stuck in between the dartboard and dart throwers on the way to the bathroom, u might get popped. Green rock, thank you for being my neighborhood go-to.Love it. Never crowded, friendly staff, fresh beer, and the pierogis are amazing. I'm hesitant to talk the place up too much because I don't want it to get crowded.Just traveling from the west coast and found this place on Yelp.  Phenomenal burger, great prices ($10 for the basic burger and handcut fries) a nice selection of local ciders and beer, and friendly service.  Couldn't have asked for more.  Highly recommend stopping in!LURV! I am in lurv. I may be a little bit of a lush, but it's fun that way. You can't beat $20 all you can drink Sunday's. You just can't. Will give a proper review when I have tried the food. But my Sunday's will no longer be boring thanks to Green Rock.Great burgers, and pierogi week is the best! Went here with my son and my husband. All three of us had the pierogis- tried the Buffalo Chicken pierogis. Delicious!  Came 4 large pierogis on the plate with bleu cheese, sour cream, shredded lettuce and a carrot stick and two celery sticks for $9.99. A side order of very tasty kielbasa with sauerkraut is $3.50. All types of pierogi are offered during pierogi week: red pepper, mushroom and swiss, Thanksgiving Day, chocolate cheesecake pierogi, Reuben, spinach, artichoke and feta and on and on... Being of Polish descent and loving unusual combos, this was Pierogi Heaven!  A mixed crowd that tends to be youngish and friendly.I don't think you can possibly find a better neighborhood bar. It has a combination of incredible people (patrons and staff), incredible food, and either fabulous music or the local important sports game. Oh, and as a bonus, cheap and delicious beer.
They have, by far, the best burger I have ever had in Philly. In fact, it is so good that I have trouble ordering anything else when I go because I love the burger so much. When I do force myself to order something else, it is always very tasty. While most people would look at the menu and think that they have just traditional bar food, much more thought and talent goes into the preparation of each dish. I have never had anything bad at this place! And to pair with your meal, they always have a great and local selection of beer on tap.I was about to give this place 4 stars but after seeing the positive feedback on here, I had to go with the majority with this one and go for the full 5.
I've only been here twice, the first time was for their hyped Pierogie Week. In fact, I think prior to hearing about it... I probably wouldn't have come here. I went with 3 other folks and back then, the service was awful. I don't think they were ready for the amount of business that would be produced by some coverage in (I think) Philly.com and getting the local blogosphere all ablaze. All in all though, the food made up for the kinda flakey service, the pierogies were amazing - especially the buffalo chicken (though, I'm buffalo-anything biased).
Now, I came in here a few days ago to check out their highly anticipated Pierogi Hoagie that I'd heard about. And although it sounds like it'd be a carb-fest explosion, I honestly think it's more reminiscent of a Cuban Sandwich if anything. It was good and though doesn't have that large of a footprint, it was deceptively filling.
Here's where all the bonus points come in - the owner, Jamie is the man. I had a good 20 minute conversation with him about Star Trek. In fact, you'll be able to glance at an authentic Vehicle Team Voltron, unboxed sitting above the bar. That's not mentioning all the miscellaneous Star Wars figurines complete with AT-AT. There's also a 4' LEGO Pirate standing in the corner. Now, if all this geeky stuff sounds up your alley, you'll feel at home.
Aside from the geek talk, I was pretty impressed by the new addition of brunch which I have to check out. Jamie plans on having at least 6-7 varieties of waffles on the menu. These vary from chicken & waffles to "shit on a shingle" (one with portabello "shit" to create a veggie alternative), to an impressive cornmeal waffle topped with veggie chipotle chili and stuffed with cheddar cheese? (Did I take these notes down correctly? Either way, sounds awesome.)
All in all, we had a great chat about all the awesome food concepts he has. Even as recent as maybe 5 years ago, I never would have expected a little neighborhood bar to be coming up with such ambitious and creative food. I'm impressed and look forward to many return visits.Awesome neighborhood bar!  Only problem is I don't live within walking distance.  If I did, I'd be a full blown Pierogiholic!  I had both the Cheesesteak Pierogies and the Shephards Pie Pierogies.  Yum!  Great food.  Great beer. Great service.  Give it a shot!I couldn't give an unbiased review of this place even if I wanted to, so I won't.When it comes to alcohol I don't know my limit.  I like act like an asshole, and embarrass everyone around me whenever we go out.  I apologize to my family, and whatever friends I still have for my behavior.  That being said, I LOVE GRT!  DRINK! DRINK! DRINK!!!The food at this place is surprisingly good. The pierogies, mac n' cheese, and any meat filled sandwich you pluck off the menu are definitely going to be winners. Good beer selection, etc. The only problem I have with this place is the crowd on some nights. A little too "emo" for me. But other than that, if you're looking for a bite to eat and something to drink, this is a good choice.This place is a nice little neighborhood spot right around the corner from me.  Everything's written on chalkboards, and it is always full of neighborhood regulars.
Beer selection is slightly limited, but they seem to have it frequently rotating.  Really cool bartender.  Low key, relaxed atmosphere.  
I'm coming back on pierogi night!We mostly go here for Pierogie week every year, but I'm not sure why we don't go more often.  Good crowd and bartenders.So I actually found this little wonder on Yelp. We went in. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable about the beer they had especially on tap. We had the special and that was a roast beef sandwich which was piled high and super delicious.  I'm mad we had burgers earlier because all the reviews said there burgers were amazing!! I will be back don't you worry. We also had pierogies which are the best  ones I ever had!!! Chunks of potatoes in them, crumbled bacon on top. I could have eaten them all night.  I can't wait to go back so o can try different kinds!! 
    This place is a hidden gem, and my new go to place. They only take cash but there's a ATM inside.ok, Port Richmond Fries!  - French Fries with Sauer Kraut, Fried Onions, Kielbasa, Cheese, and Sour Cream.  Outstanding!  Very friendly place and they have a variety of microbrews and great dining options.Low-key, great local craft beer, surprisingly sound food. A perfect venue for snowy Sunday evening drinks.This is probably my favorite bar in the neighborhood. I've been here about three or four times now just for drinks. Last night, my mom and I went over there to check out the pierogie situation. It was pierogie fest, so there were about 20 different kinds of pierogie available. We didn't want to get caught up in craziness so just ordered a plate of potato, cheese and bacon. It was the most magical bit of deliciousness I've had in forever. I wanted to curl up inside of a pierogie and fall asleep forever. It was like getting a hug from the Polish grandmother that I never had. We ordered a second plate and the second batch was just as good as the first. Truly magical and delicious. 
Our bartender Nicole was super nice and the drinks, as always, were well made. This place is such a great, low-key keeper of a bar.As a newcomer to Philly, I've been looking for a place that could make me feel at home... the Green Rock did that from the moment I walked in the door and saw Voltron looking down at me from the shelf behind the bar.  Truly the finest neighborhood bar I've been in, the Green Rock should be a haven for all of us who are old enough (or wise enough) to be done being stupid, but haven't sold out our rock n' roll/punk/hipster/geek roots.
The people (patrons & staff) are first-rate, the pub-style food fresh & delicious, & the booze line-up is comprehensive enough to satisfy any taste, yet priced to keep you bellied up to the bar.  Plus, on a personal note, I can stagger home, which is always a huge plus.  There's a lot of love and soul invested in this place, and I plan to be there on a regular basis to soak it all in.  Thanks, guys, for making this place what it is...This place rocks! Neighborhood pub with great music and a low key chill crowd. Play music on the juke box and sit down to some tasty beer and awesome fries/burgers. The owner, Nicole, makes you feel at home as she introduces herself and uses your first name! Awesome action figures accent the bar area. Way cool. Highly recommend.i must say, i really like this place.
when i moved into our little place, i was worried about a corner bar being, well, on the corner of my street. i was picturing the fighting and arguing, the yelling and screaming keeping me up nights, etc... but, actually, it's just a nice place to hang out, have a beer, and eat pretty good food. the prices are right, the portions are spot-on, and the people that work and patron there are seriously good folks. 
usually their burgers do me in. since the gf is vegetarian, i'm cooking veg most nights; for health reasons it's fantastic, but when you're craving a large, juicy burger on a semi-sweet roll with fresh, constantly rotating toppings, you're craving a burger from the green rock. 
thank goodness i (with the green rock's help) have put my misconceptions to rest, as it's allowed me a couple of great burgers and beers from here a month.
green rock, note: when it's mexican burger night again, please have guac as an option. sour cream and salsa are delicious, true, but avocado is a real winner every time.amazing. love green rock and the people who work there. everyone is so friendly and the food is amazing..always something unique and delicious. beer is good and reasonably priced, unlike most places in the area. love everything about this place and itll prob always be my favorite bar to eat and drink at in the city =)The Green Rock is a great little neighborhood tavern on the Fishtown/Port Richmond border. The room is fairly small with a nice bar and tables on the sides and back. The space is very clean and gets some good natural light. It is not pretentious in any way. They have juke box playing a good variety of music.
They serve all local beers from the Philadelphia Brewing Co. My friend is a regular and I went with his draft choice,Kenzinger which is a nice pilsner style. I ordered a hamburger and fries. The Green Rock, as other Yelpers have reported serves an excellent burger. I had the basic burger with cheddar cheese and onion, lettuce and tomato. The burger was well seasoned, juicy and the bun was also fresh and very good. The fries were also excellent, especially for a traditional fries. Sadly French fries are my Achilles heel and I almost ordered a second basket which I could have eaten easily. 
The Green Rock Tavern has a pretty cool American/Polish bar food menu. My friend had the Pierogis and they looked awesome. I will be back to try some other beers and food from the Green Rock. Parking was pretty easy also on the street.Try the pierogies! We had the "three little piggies" pierogies. Delicious! Staff were welcoming, warm, and fast. Highly recommend you give them a try.First of all, Green Rock is not in Kensington it is in Port Richmond. 
Kensington is a slum and begins on the other side of Aramingo Avenue! Get it right!
While Green Rock is a good looking bar, they could do better when it comes to bartenders. Who hires these young girls who do nothing but prance around the bar looking sexy? They can't talk, they can't think, they cannot act as communicators. They are nothing like the classic bartenders--males who acted as therapists and counselors, bartenders who had experience, who "knew" people. Green Rock's bartenders might as well be Dialah's Den strippers. I know that right now the trend (for bartenders) is dumb, fake and plastic, but it is getting tiresome. These young girls know nothing. So, Green Rock Tavern, mix up the bartenders, get a guy in there over 30 who has some people experience. I am sure that the girl bartenders are nice, they just don't know how to converse or have an intelligent conversation.Love this place, and love that it's right in my hood. 
This is definitely the hang-out, laid-back dive bar option for those in Port Richmond/Fishtown/Etc under the age of 50. Awesome music, and the nicest bartenders! Like any neighborhood joint, you get what you give here! Everybody's friendly and willing to shoot the breeze with anybody who comes in. And now, a rating of the food:
- Fried Pickles: awesome, but ask first. Some days the batter is lackluster.
- Burger: we had the plain burger and the Flatiron. Amazingly delicious, but HEAVY.
- Fries: addictive.
- Pierogies/Kielbasa plate: the most perfect thing EVAR. When in Port Richmond, do as the Poles do and order this! 
Selection of PBC beers is always on point and seasonal. Collection of weird 80s toys behind the bar is enough to stare at for hours. And if you're lucky, the bartender will share jaunty tales of drunken debauchery with you until you receive your (fantastically affordable) tab.this week was pierogie week.
there were additional kinds of pierogies which were paired with suggested PBC beers.
it was great-- especially the buffalo chicken!!!
definitely worth the little trip north!!I was quite excited when I heard about Pierogie Week at the nearby Green Rock Tavern.  Jonny and I visited for dinner on Tuesday night.  Green Rock Tavern is a little corner bar on Lehigh Ave in Port Richmond.  The bar is a quant little hang out.  They have an old school dart board, and the place seemed to be filled with regulars.  The draft list is nothing special, and there is no happy hour.  The prices seem average, and the bottle list is halfway decent.
This week, they were offering different pierogie dishes matched with a PBC beer for $10.  They were out of two different kinds of pierogie's, which I get it: They didn't expect to have the kind of demand they received.  We ordered and received our dishes in a timely manner.  Jonny had bacon, chive and potato, while I had "Farmer's cheese."  We both had decent food, but six peirogies and a small side of kraut just isn't a meal.  I wasn't about to order a second dish, either.  The beer pairings seemed to be completely arbitrary, but to be fair, there isn't really a science to match those PBC beers with the food offered.
The service was fine and the bartender was nice.  When we got our check, it said "Two dude under the highlife sign" on it.  That was kind of funny.
Bottom Line: There's not much to say.  Pierogie's weren't enough for me.  The bar is nice, and if it was around the corner I could see myself going there more often.  But it's not, so I won't.  I'm giving it three stars because I don't want to fault them for the special menu, as it doesn't represent their normal food.This is a great neighborhood bar/tavern. It seems to serve the locals as well as out-of-neighborhood folks. Always playing the sports games, great bar food (burgers, nachos, etc..), and the staff is super friendly and welcoming.First of all, the bar was spotless ( and have become quite picky in my older age)lol. So cleanliness is close to godliness! Then there's the awesome, cool , funny and attractive staff. 
AlWays ready to make you smile while pouring you anything you can dream up. One of the 2 best things about this bar are the owners are there most of the time.... and you wouldn't even know it... they just chill and hangout and make sure shit gets done correct.  It was like walking into cheers but better. They make everyone feel like family. No wonder why it's the most popular bar in the neighborhood. Omg..... I forgot abou the food!!! This is GOOF FOOD. And not just go bar food but straight up good food. I give it a hugeI'd been to the Green Rock several times before I tried the food, which is a shame since the kitchen is one of the best-kept pub-food secrets in Philly. The pierogies are amazing. The pork sandwich comes with a heap of horseradish on the side and is wet but not overly sloppy. The fries are huge wedges of potato with the skin on. When they make their quesadillas (of which they have several types/choices), they actually cook a fresh piece of chicken to use for the filling. 
The staff and the clientele are always friendly. The bottle beer selections are listed as Imports, Craft Beers, and Domestic Crap. The bar is decorated in parts with nostalgic toy trinkets and comic books. And best of all, it's pretty inexpensive -- for both the drinks and the food. It's a good place to watch Phillies games and I've heard the (fresh) crabs (when they have them) are super tasty. Went to my first Quizzo night there this past Tuesday. Started at 9 and lasted until around 11. It was more difficult than I expected, and not a whole lot of competition in the bar, but it was a fun time none the less.Unreal .... not sure if their workers or owners forgot but you are a corner bar on Lehigh Ave.....first we get there but can't sit cause we are missing two people when they don't even start serving food till 5 and it's 4:20 .... YET a guy at a 6 person table sat for well over and hour alone and not one word was said .... his party came in at 5:30.... now for $12 a plate during pierogi week ya think ok 5-6 pierogies per plate since it cost probably less than half to make - nah 3 goddamn pierogieS THREE SMALL PIEROGIES ! Oh and a hotdog size of kielbasa $6.. not a fatass by any means but it's a joke .... a company's head gets big and the quality goes down and prices go up .... no thanks I'll go get a box of Mrs T for $5.99 and feed my family of 10 .... sorry. Not sorry .Green Rock, this is long overdue.
I lived around the corner for you for over two years.  I often walked my dog past your front door.
One day I went inside and fell in love.  Who doesn't fall in love with Jaime and Greg...oh and the toys!?  If you are a geek, lover of geeks, or just like having cool things to talk about while you drink you will love it.  A packet of cock soup anyone?
The crowd is mixed from old neighborhood to newbies, live music goes down, darts, decent juke box and awesome food (always veggie/vegan options).
They are all laid back and aim to please.
Also, let's not forget I could safely walk to and from this bar with no problems so it is perfect for ending the night.Great neighborhood spot.  Clean, friendly, and over-delivered on food and service. Flat Iron is amazing. Pierogis are some of the best I've ever had. Great beer selection also.I'm seriously loving all these crusty old guy neighborhood spots getting the hipster gentrification treatment!  Green Rock still manages to hold on to most of its neighborhood dive charm, but also appeals to a younger crowd as well.
The menu here is comprised of burgers and unexpected pierogie concoctions, curry potato comes to mind. The fries are of the steak variety and are crispy and delicious. 
I went with a burger with a crab pierogie on top and was very happy with my selection. I also sampled a broccoli and cheese pierogie which was quite good. It definitely isn't your typical pierogie, Polish food purists be warned. 
My only gripe is the beer selection doesn't do it for me. Im not a fan of PBC beer and that's pretty much all that's on draft here. But that will not deter me from coming back!I stopped in  around lunch time on a weekday with two of my amigos to try out some perogies and that is exactly what we did. 
We ordered the buffalo chicken pierogies which sound underwhelming, but they were so so good. They are nice and meaty, the sauce is just a bit spicy, and the blue cheese is thick and chunky. We also ordered the Bacon, chive, potato pierogies and they were great as well. Soft, chewy, and crispy all at the same time and the filling was right on. The kielbasa and sauerkraut were a great addition to the meal. The sauerkraut was filled with super crunchy thick cut cabbage. YUM!
Our waitress/bartender was a complete doll; she was so nice, down to earth and super accommodating. 
The draft list is PBC which I don't love, but a Kenzinger is a fine any-day, drink-with-anything beer.
Cash only. ATM inside. Surcharge-free ATM just down the street as pointed out by the awesome bartender!Staff is great, drinks are regular.   
Specials are worth having - taco/Tecate Tuesday.  Specialty peirogies, and pretty astounding amounts of hummus if you get that.Great beer selection . Awesome local food style of old Polish fishtown . A def must stop to experience ,Yes. Perogies. Yes. Burgers. Yes. Beer. This is a great place to have dinner or just a snack and a drink. Bartenders and cooks are super friendly and neighborly. Local Philly spot. "Kenzinger Bar"Lucky to live in the area and have this as my local. They serve PBC beers on tap (and at a very reasonable price--plus you know it's fresh since they're so close) and have excellent, spot-on food. The pierogies are homemade deliciousness and my boyfriend has always raved about the burgers. I can also say they have some of my favorite fries in the city, served with a dipping sauce so good I would drink it. They also have an intriguing collection of classic toys over the bar--sure to conjure some memories--and always have a great local artist on display. It has a lot of characteristics that would spawn a hipster mobbing but luckily the clientele has maintained a nice mix, from respectful "hipsters" to other twenty something's to parents to long time residents. Always good food, good beer, good service. Proud to call this my go-to.Always good vibes and chill environment here. Cool place down the street to hang out and enjoy some beers. Pretty wide selection of drinks and people here are usually friendly. Bartender is upbeat and keeps people up and fairly quick service.~Just moved to the area & was referred by a friend to try a burger from this establishment. First impressions were good, very friendly staff, nice layout (although the décor could use a little updating/dusting) Ordered the bacon bleu burger for 12.50$, very good quality & cooked to perfection. It came with a side of hand cut fries, & secret spicy sauce which was el fuego in a bueno way. 
Would recommend to the owner of the Green Rock Tavern to add a printed menu brochure, & phone # for preordering to increase sales
The Don approves of this establishment & has been back~I'm proud to call this place my neighborhood bar. 
The come-as-you-are vibe and awesome bartenders / owners make this place. It's small, two TVs, and has a decent selection of beer (as long as you favor Philadelphia Brewing Company over Yards).
Pros: 
- Fun place to watch a Phillies, Eagles or Flyers game. (I watched a man pray on his knees the entire intermission between the second and third periods of the final game of the last Flyer's Stanley Cup appearance. This was accepted and respected by all.)
- Food is simple, good, greasy pub food. Peirogies are a neighborhood specialty. Nachos are good for a table. Burger is a go-to. 
- You can definitely drink on the cheap if that's your thing- PBR and Rolling Rock by the can. 
- For a lot of Fishtown and Port Richmond, they can walk to this place and stumble home. 
- It's cash only, but there's an outdoor ATM at the bank right next door. 
Cons: 
- The Jukebox is overwhelmingly loud if you are trying to hold a conversation. Avoid peak times if you're the chatty-while-drinking type. Mercifully the jukebox isn't on all the time. 
- Darts are taken seriously at this place. Don't just walk in that side entrance if you don't know what's on the other side. Just sayin.
Other notes: 
- A wish- that the second TV was bigger and louder than aforementioned jukebox. It's hard to catch the TV from the rear of the dining room.
- If you aren't a Philly sports fan, expect to be badly outnumbered. 
- If you are a child of the 70s or 80s, somewhere behind the bar you'll see toys you once had that you haven't even thought about in a decade.This place totally lived up to the hype I had heard from friends. The food was good, the beer selection excellent and the staff was very pleasant and friendly. 
Pierogie week was a blast. We paired several plates of pierogies with the various PBC brews they had on tap and it was outstanding. Even the dessert peirogies (yes dessert - cheery cheesecake peirogies!) were damn good.
Their selection of brews was impressive - not overwhelming but certainly much better than average. They have the standard domestics (Rolling Rock, Pabst, Yuengling, Miller), a wide variety of craft bottles including many local breweries (Troegs, Victory, Dogfish Head) and a bevy of imports from Guinness to Franziskaner. 
This is not a big place but it is cozy and friendly. And the childhood toys all over the bar back certainly liven up the place. I would highly recommend it.Green local tavern with a fantastic selection of beer!  I'd probably be here more often if I carried cash on me!In Philly on a whim, came here with good people.  A friendly spot, worth a stop-in and a beer, even if it is only to merely see the art collection of animals that aspire to be more than their norm (located on back wall en route to the facilities)Patrick m must have had a bad day at work  food was excellent and yes Patrick it is a corner bar in port Richmond so sitting is very limited and the crowds are very big.   We were sitting next to the man by himself  at the table and the people that Sat at his table were not "his party"  they Sat there because there was room and they were afraid to sit with someone they didn't know. Going back again this week to try a few more because our party of four had two plates each and couldn't eat another we were too fullA hidden treasure in Fishtown area. Let's keep it on the DL.  Awesome food (pierogi week was over-rated).  Good beer selection without the pretentiousness.  Nice jukebox, cool bartenders and nice owner too. Happy for these guys, seem to be doing good.I have to admit, I rarely get on Yelp to write a positive review.
Green Rock is by far my most favorite bar. At the risk of sounding like a drunk, I will admit that my boyfriend and I frequent the tavern at least twice a week.
The drink specials are out of this world, the service is the best in the industry, and the food is PHENOMENAL. Yeah, okay, it's bar food, but how many bars can boast the greatest grilled cheese I've ever had? If you're extra lucky you'll drop by on a day there's pulled pork. And for dessert? You'll be able to grab some grilled pound cake and ice cream, which they get from the bakery next-door. Just incredible. I had to pry my boyfriend away from licking the bowl.
The place is fun-- I've never had a bad experience. I would highly, highly recommend Green Rock if you're in the area. And if you're not-- get here anyway.I recently moved to Philadelphia and live right down the road from this place. It's become my casual hangout to grab a craft beer or a delicious burger. I come on most Sunday's and try something new and haven't been let down once.I want to give it 2.5 stars because 1 good and 1 Bad experience!!!!
I can't get the feel of this place, recommend by my neighbor on several occasions but never remembered finally I got asked to go for pirogies week! Awsome bartender was great on top of everything and very busy wile maintaining our needs food was very good I had Shepard Pie pirogies small amount for the price but it came with a drink add a side of fries and I was set. Fast forward a week I decided to take my wife there after reading all the reviews of the burgers WELL  we pull up and there were a few bikers outside no big deal my brother is in a club but they gave us a look like we should turn around but f that we go in and it's about half full of more bikers. The music was so loud that it was making everyone talk loud when the music stopped it was fine people could talk and actually hear what they say. We sat down in the middle booth in the back next to a both that a small group of the bikers were sitting after about 5 minutes whether they purposely got louder to get us to move or we just wanted to try and have a conversation we moved to the small table by the walk through to the kitchen that is in the next house down that creates a nice freezing cold blast of air. Then the food comes out ( rubbing hands together) oh boy I got a kielbasa burger and my wife got the bacon burger both medium well (so no confusion)fries included my burger was well done not medium but I can deal with it because it was still moist, My wife's burger was so well done it was dry no ketchup mayonnaise anything could save it so I switched burgers and I did the suffering and gave my wife my burger. By the time we left 45 min. The place had become 99% bikers one guy in a middle table eating and a young couple perched in a corner. Maybe this is a biker bar or maybe a just went on the wrong night but I won't be rolling the dice again at this establishment. I like to talk wile I'm eating and not shout at the waiter who might have not herd our order correctly, could be why we got dry burgers.I've been going here pretty consistently for the past few weeks, and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite places in the city.  It's the type of place you can go to watch the Phillies game, and listen to Jam at the same time.  
It has a nice variety of beers on tap, usually all locals and low prices.  Philly Brewing Company usually has 2 or 3 beers on tap, and they currently have Victory's Donnybrook Stout.  They have plenty of domestic and microbrew bottles as well.  So your friends that do like BudCoorsMiller can order one and not feel ashamed.  
Their burger is one of the best I have ever had.  I am not a big burger person, but it totally blew me away.  The Green Rock burger is converting me over.    The fried chicken sandwich is top of the line.  I am pretty sure it is corn-flake coated and then fried, and comes with fantastic pickles.  The chicken sandwich is currently my favorite food.  The fries are large and crispy on the outside, and soft in the middle.  With large salt pieces that strike the tongue at just the right moment.
The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful.  Very welcoming.  They treat all of their customers the same.  The past two times I was there the staff was trying out new foods to add to the menu and was letting the customers taste them.  Any place that gives you a free cherry cheesecake pierogie gets a high rating in my book.  Ohh, and they cook pierogies the right way here.  They all seem to really enjoy what they are doing.
The only drawback is that the menu does not always indicate if an item is an entree or is appetizer.  The quesadilla is great- fresh chicken and cheese- but not as big as I was expecting.  And on weekends the place tends to get a much younger crowd after about 10 or so.  Mostly people between the ages of 22-25.Cash only. Limited seating. Can get pretty loud. 
Now that that is out of the way....
You've got to check out pirogie week.  However it gets packed. You have to be willing to wait to get a seat. It's the worst and best time to go. 
The food is really good here all the time though. Small menu and they run out of things but it's awesome. I think there is one Ot two vegetarian options but I've never seen vegan options here. 
It's a great place to hang out on off nights when no one is in there.This place is around the corner from me and we used to love their burgers. Past few times we went tho, we were met with dry, tasteless patties of meat. Why??? Where are the moist and juicy burgers of a few months ago???Hands down- the best burgers in Philly! Go for the Bacon Blue burger, Port Richmond fries or homemade by the owners Pirogies, but stay for the fun and relax atmosphere the staff creates for you. Insider tip: when getting the fries, ask for the special sauce. Spicy creation of the chef not on the menu!Outstanding burger--one of the very best in Philly.  Great selection of booze and beer, fab staff... You can't go wrong here if you're looking for great pub food.  Worth the trip to Kenzo!This place could be THE go-to dinner spot on the fringe of Fishtown and Port Richmond.  Excellent burger (got to love a burger that comes with the option of pulled pork and/or a fried egg on top).  Fantastic onion rings.  Solid fries.  Cold beers and all the PWC favorites on draft.  I think everyone in my party of 4 was really was satisfied with the food.  The service was surprisingly helpful for a dive bar too.  
It's just everything else that's bringing the rating down....
No one wants to sit in the back of the room next to a cold drafty window with a giant neon Guinness sign 2 feet from their head.   Lose the neon beer signs and put up some Christmas lights and you really got something.  Get rid of the rickety tables and chairs and get something a little nicer and people will want to sit back there and eat.  Oh yeah, and let's try a little heat, it was freezing when we were in there.
Despite all that, it did have a really nice and well maintained bathroom.
I get it... it's a dive bar... but there are a few minor things they could do to make it more inviting.  
I will return for those onion rings.This place is awesome. I live in the neighborhood and it's easily my favorite local bar. The staff and the patrons are super friendly, and there's always PBC beers on tap which I appreciate. It's a very laid-back atmosphere. The other day I was there and a couple of guys and the bartender/owner were engaged in civil and good-natured political banter. Truly magical!
They're known for their pierogies but I'm a huge fan of their burgers and the chicken sandwich. The Lehighway to Hell burger in particular is something you should try before you die, served on grilled pound cake from Stock's bakery down the street. If that's not your thing, you should still consider the grilled pound cake & ice cream for dessert. Their fries are also my favorite in the area, crispy and well seasoned but not too thin.
Definitely worth a visit if you live anywhere nearby, or even if you don't!What a find! Yeah there might be some hipsters, but don't let that stop you. Good beer selection on draft, full bar, good food that is unique and fun (in a blue collar sort of way-kielbasa dressed burgers and a selection of pierogis-what could be better?), darts and a great jukebox. Friendly bartenders/servers without an attitude. Lively yet respectful patrons. You'll feel like a regular on your first visit. 
Cash only, but inexpensive and a great neighborhood feel.This is a neighborhood bar that I regretfully do not frequent as often as I should.  I've eaten here quite a few times and it is always good but after last night, I had to write a review.  The Irish pierogies were the most amazing pierogies that I have ever eaten.  I didn't think I was going to finish them all but I cleared my plate. Delicious!The ambience, food, and beer selection is outstanding.  I had Buffalo Chicken Pierogies tonight and they were amazing. I am looking forward to my next visit to have Port Richmond Fries that have kielbasa, onions, and cheese on them.  The action figures and wall art make it almost like an art gallery with an awesome kitchen and great drinks without getting overcharged.Pierogi week is amazing! Great atmosphere the food is awesome good and they have great service as wellGreat beer....even greater selection of food and of course Pierogies!!! This location ROCKS on so many levels. The ambiance and decor are great but what takes this place to another level are the people here. I look forward to stopping by again and again.Some of the best food I've ever had. Port Richmond fries are freakin incredible! Good music is nice too. Some of the other bars in Port Richmond/Kensington area could learn a thing or two from this.Quick review: I live a few blocks away from this place and I'm a wee burned out on The Memphis Taproom (still love you guys, just need a break), so my boyfriend and I wandered down here.
Atmosphere: Not many people there on a Tuesday night. One full table and about 3-6 people at the bar (several were outside smoking most of the time). Loud music, but not too loud. AWESOME music I might add. Fugazi, Hole, Social D Old REM). Good light, but nicely dim as a bar should be. Lots of old, old action figures on the shelves.
Bartender: Amazing. I think her name was Abby (I'm sorry if I got that wrong). She was incredibly nice, gave helpful opinions on beer and food (and was right) good conversation, but not hovering. She was the best bartender I've had in a long time.
Beers: A lovely mix of crap and top shelf. My boyfriend got cans of PBR and I got $4 pints(!) of Walt Whit on tap.  Not overpriced and no judgment for not getting snobby beer.
Food: I totally understand why they don't have menus, as the food there seems to change quite a bit, but I thought it was...odd and a little uncomfortable to have to stand at the back of the room and look at a chalkboard to see the food menu. That aside, the food was very good. I got the pork tacos ($2 a piece on taco tuesday!) and the boy got the quesadilla. The tacos were great. The meat was perfectly seasoned and juicy and his food was gone before I could ask how it was. 
Long and (apparently not so) short: Don't come here. This place is awesome and I don't want it overrun with annoying hipsters. MINE MINE MINE!!!
Memphis Taproom: You've got a run for your money...