The BEST location! Perfect for large parties and a great rooftop deck. The food is just as good as other locations if not better! No lines!Excellent food and awesome service!  Lots of fresh and healthy ingredients with some unique menu items. Highly recommend their fresh OJ too!i've been to other green eggs but this is probably my favorite location yet because of their gorgeous roof deck. if you stop in, definitely ask to sit outside! their salted caramel mocha lattes are to die for!! the staff is super friendly and very attentive. i got the cookie dough french toast and my friend got the kitchen sink, both were delicious! i'll definitely be back.Young staff and large portions of food. This here is the Fishtown cafeteria. My meal wasn't the best but it was filling. I have a large appetite and my plate was still filled so my guess is that they use cheap ingredients and end up with a lot of waste.
I wasn't a fan of the breakfast potatoes as they weren't crispy and they tasted like they were boiled and baked in the oven. There are a lot of options to choose from on the menu but nothing to bring me back.Delicious food and great service. Portions are good enough. Cash only with atm inside. Best orange juice ever.Definitely a gourmet breakfast location. Not for the diabetic. However your family and the kids will love the pancakes French toast and eggs your way. Little pricey but bring cash no credit cards allowed.Does justice to the name.
Great location with a roof top seating area. It's brunch during the day and a pizza joint at night.
I ordered the chili skillet and it was so much food. It was good, but so much. It came with delicious chili on top of like a corn bread pancake in a skillet. There was sour cream on there as well. I couldn't finish my dish so i got the rest to go. Still good the next day!Food was really, really good. Service was pretty good and the place is very clean and nice. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other vegan/vegetarian options!Always a safe bet. We come here to this location all the time ( probably to much) but the food never disappoints. Large portions, tasty how can you beat it. 
Love the short rib with poached eggs, omelets, chicken and waffles and the silver filler pancakes. Also you must try the maple brown sugar oatmeal. Best I have ever had. We asked the waitress one time about it and said it was amazing and it was. I suggest getting one and sharing it. 
Some tips- cash only which always annoys me but they do explain it to you when you sit down so at least you know
They will not sit you until your whole party is there. 
Place is green eggs during the day and a pizza spot at night 
Outside roof deck seating for nice days
Parking can be tricky but usually spots are available. 
Little annoying- when you ask to make changes they seem reluctant. "I will see if the kitchen is to busy" or " I have to check". I get if your rearranging the whole menu but a simple substitution and swap should not be the end of the world. 
The only thing I find strange is that the servers do not seem that happy. I think the service is great and they do a great job but just seems like something is off. Hey I get they are at work and dealing with people all day is tough but it's just weird to me. 
In closing, we will always be back, place is clean and we are going again today!Many locations.  All have lines so be prepared to wait. But we'll worth it!  The food is scrumptious. The tables at Northern liberties are very close to gather. A nice crowd. They really have the place working well. Good servers and fast in and out!  They did make a mistake on our order, but let us keep it and made what we ordered. The coffee is great. All you need to do is see the menu and pics!Wow, coming from Rhode Island to visit family and friends and this was the best place to grab a quick bite to eat for breakfast, quick service and very friendly service.  We also bought a gift card for family for Christmas.. stop by,  you will NOT be disappointed!!Awesome.   Guacamole Benedict with fantastic guac and hollandaise sauce.    Kitchen sink.  And 3egg omelet.  And outstanding latte.This place was delicious! The wait was sooooo long, but the food so amazing. Just a heads up it's cash only ( kind of a pain)I don't usually write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so. I wS looking for somewhere to have Mother's Day brunch near my daughter. They wouldn't take reservations so we didn't go. My wife and I happened to be off today, and decided to try it. The food was fabulous!!! We had the kitchen sink, and creme boulet French toast. It was wonderful!! We probably could have shared one item!! Service was a little slow but well worth the wait!Overall friendly atmosphere with a nice outdoor rooftop for sunny days. We had the French toast which was good with thick slices and huge portions. The eggs were delicious. Definitely a place for sharing. Enjoy with a mimosa or a Bellini.Just stopped by with a few buddies. Service was great, the place was spacious and clean. They were able to accommodate all 11 of us easily. Had plenty of options on the menu. Everyone's food looked great. The food portions were huge. Everyone left with a box. Will definitely be coming back soon. I look forward to trying other items on the menu!I was only in Philly for a couple days, but was recommended by many to come to this particular restaurant for brunch.
Probably the best restaurant experience I had during my stay in this city! I ordered the Creole Shrimp and Grits while my boyfriend had the Kitchen Sink. HUGE portions and definitely worth the price. Born and raised in the South, I was quite impressed by the grits! They were cooked perfectly! Same with the shrimp as I had a bad experience at another Philly restaurant with their shrimp. I also ordered a salted caramel latte, also very delicious. 
We currently live in NYC, and we felt unimpressed with the rest of the restaurants we went to, but Green Eggs certainly steps up their game. 
Will definitely come back and will recommend it to my friends if they visit Philadelphia.First time here and it didn't disappoint. Had the tropical smoothie and the chorizo Benedict and rosemary potatoes. Brothers had same and we all enjoyed every bite of it. We enjoyed our breakfast outside on a sunny day. We will definitely come back next time we are in town.I stopped into the fishtown location for a quick bite and a bit of a caffeine fix to power through my afternoon of thrifting. The staff was very accommodating and more than tolerated our indecisiveness about sitting down or not. 
Firstly, be aware that they only take cash (at least when we were there and indoor dining wasn't permitted). I ordered the Nutella latte (hot) and the cheesy hash browns because I didn't feel like dishing out big $$ for a full plate. 
Everything was phenomenal! My friend also ordered the latte and said "wow! that tastes like Nutella!" A very convincing review if you ask me. She was right -- it was spot-on. The cheesy hashbrowns were perfect, there was a cheesy kick and it was just the right amount of sustenance. 
Can't wait to go back and order a full meal. The fishtown location is super spacious, too!The French Toast was amazing!  My husband and I came here while we were visiting in Philly, and stopped here for brunch.  They do not do reservations and when we got there at 10am the line was long.  We had to wait outside bc there is not much standing room indoors, but we had already looked this place up and decided to wait.  About 25/30 mins later we were seated... it is worth the wait!!! The prices are great!  You get so much of it, you are full by the time you are halfway done. Looking at the menu, there is so many selections of French toast I didn't know what to choose.  I had originally came for the chocolate French toast but found out that it was only a seasonal item on the menu.  So instead I went with the salted caramel banana stuffed French toast and my husband had the creme brûlée.  Both were so yummy, but I would prefer the one my husband had a little more... fast forward to a couple day's later on our last day in Philly, we ended up going to the 2nd location, the wait was about 15 mins bc it was raining and we ended up sharing the red velvet pancakes.  They also have vegan sausage which was very good since we don't eat meat!   Overall, I can say anytime I am in Philly I will make time to come back here!We love Green Eggs!  It's been one of our main go to brunch spots for the last 2-3 years.  They always deliver quality food and great Bloody Mary/Mimosa.  I highly recommend the salted caramel French toast, Buffalo Mac, and any of their Benedicts.  The service is always great and it's definitely a top 3 brunch spot in the area.Always an awesome experience!! I absolutely love their food every time I come here. 
It's wonderful that they have an outdoor patio and indoor option for dining. One VERY important thing to note is that it's cash only. There is an ATM on site but unfortunately, even thought the ATM said it was only a .99 fee, I was charged $6!! That was pretty annoying. 
Otherwise it was really great. I have never had to wait at this location but typically I see a wait at all of the other locations. This location is wonderful. Highly recommend.You can seriously never go wrong with this place. The red velvet pancakes are the best! I'm giving this place a 4 star review this time because I noticed that Igor my food really quick, and my pancakes were a bit cold. So I'm assuming they weren't made fresh. Aside from that, the spanish fries are also a hit. Every time you visit, they have new specials so make sure you take a look at that menu as well.A little confusing, as this branch is both Green Eggs (before 4PM) and Medusa Pizza (for dinner). But the Green Eggs incarnation is as good, if not better, than the other branches. It's definitely better managed than the Northern Liberties branch. Not sure they have the weekly/monthly "specials" that they other branches have, though.Good location, easy parking around. Amazing food! Been here multiple times and always felt satisfied. Keep
It on mind it's cash only. But they do have an ATM machine within the premises. Santa Fe Chicken Benedict is amazing!!!Was visiting Philly for the weekend and I'm so happy my cousin picked this place out for brunch! It was a little bit of a wait but  totally worth it. The food portions are pretty big and the food tastes like it's made with love!  Their  
egg Benedict were a hit. I had mine with avocado toast, my friend ordered  the chicken and waffles one . I don't recall what my cousin order but he seemed to enjoyed it. The mimosa pitcher was $30 totally worth it! Especially if you are planning to have more than one drink. The service was exceptional, if you're looking for brunch spot this is the place to go.I remember once upon a time when there was exactly one Green Eggs Cafe in town. I never went nearly as much as I should have and each time I visit I realize that I still don't visit enough. 
The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is spacious. They also closely follow covid protocols. Recently walked in on a Saturday morning at 10am and we got seated right away. They are generous with the coffee pours, taking your order and getting your food out fast. Everything I've had here has been great. Highly recommend the chicken and waffles, the kitchen sink, and shrimp and grits. 
I was able to get a couple of meals out of the aforementioned kitchen sink..even though I could have demolished it the first time I saw it...
Remember how I mentioned that there was only 1 location once upon a time? Well, now there are 6. They must be doing something right, huh?Decided to stop by for brunch.  I think it's a cool concept that they share the space with Medusa pizza.  We didnt have to wait for a table, but you can make a reservation if your party is large enough.  The decor just screams chill brunch spot.
I got the chicken and waffle benedict.  I got this dish because I didnt think it would work between having maple syrup, hollandaise and hot sauce, but the combination of sweet, savory and spicy was delicious and cut through the fried chicken and waffle.  My only complaint was that I received rosemary potatoes instead of regular potatoes.  I dont mind rosemary, but this would definately be offputting for someone sensitive to this fragrant herb.
We also got the creme brulee french toast.  The toast was Texas toast covered in a creme brulee sauce with fresh berries circling the plate.  The berries were a nice accompaniment adding a fresh taste to the sweet and heavy French toast.  Each bite was a perfect balance.
The portions are huge so you will probably have a nice second meal.  I definately want to go back to try their other beneditcs as their options sounded unique.We LOVE the food here, but the service is always so horrible. We have been here over 20 times as we live down the street, and I don't think we have ever had good service. We keep coming back because we love the food, but I think we are going to give up on this place. Totally disappointed.Been coming here for a while before COVID, went this week food good as always, but notice my bill had a service fee, what is that about?I don't recommend the one because yesterday I was there one girl was brought to me for such a long time I say it actually I don't like this food me You can help me to bring it to another can a sandwich I then the guy came I probably the owner or supervisor  from this cafe, I tell you, I won't pay $ 14. You can bring me another meal and say No, if I bring you I'll have to pay you more extreme I say I won't I will find your I didn't eat I say he didn't understand This is the first  life such a case i don't recommend  I'm selling this bullshit to a cafeCame here two times and its been great. Great service and good food! I came here once when it first opened and it was hard to get a table but it was easier now. Nice interior tooThey gave me a half eaten waffle off someone else's plate , super disgusting. I asked for a refund they said No . I asked for a refire they said they would have to charge me double . I ended up paying over $50 for 1 meal 2 juices and 1 drink . Manager was rude as could be . Never goMy best friend raved about the eggs benedict at Green Eggs cafe so when I came to visit her in Philly I knew I was in for a great meal.
I came on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm and there was no wait, I knew what I wanted to order based on my friend's recommendation: chicken and waffles benedict. I ordered them and about 15 minutes later, the party in my tummy was ON. Pictures are up, and they actually do give the plate justice. They were served with home fries and although I love me some potatoes, I hardly touched them because I was so into the benedict.
The eggs were cooked perfectly and melted all over the chicken which had a good crunch and was very tasty. The waffles were warm and gave the entire table an aroma that had them gazing at my plate, and though I offered to share I was secretly hoping no one would take me up on the offer. I left extremely happy and full and ready to walk the entire meal off or I'd have to pop the button of my pants off. I highly recommend this place for brunch, but do be mindful that it is cash only!Sunday brunch at home! Ordered Green Eggs Cafe. This restaurant is a Philly staple that many enjoy -- including myself!
I've tried several meals from Green Eggs Cafe. This time, I had their creole shrimp and grits. I requested the eggs scrambled with cheddar cheese. Very delicious. Was not fond of the creole sauce on the side (it would possibly be better at the actual restaurant). Also, had their iced coffee crème brûlée latte that was so good! Mmm! 
I appreciate that Green Eggs Cafe uses eco-friendly products --which is great. Unfortunately, the packaging and presentation was not the best. The shrimp & grits just did not look presentable and was all over the place. The creole sauce was in a coffee cup container with NO label (I drunk it like coffee...SMH)! The iced coffee crème brûlée latte was covered by plastic and spilled over.
Good food. Since people are ordering delivery more than ever before -- hope they figure out better packaging.Love all of the locations,(I live near this one and 2nd Street). I work near the 13th Street one. I've been frequenting this one more,(home on weekends). Food is fresh. Portions are generous. Menu is varied.I have eaten here multiple times and always looked forward to my next visit. The food was consistently delicious and creative.
My last visit was a completely different experience. Ordered a latte that was nothing more than warm milk with a hint of coffee. Don't they know that a good latte starts with espresso? Just terrible.
Then our short ribs Benedict was served barely warm and completely tasteless. This is a dish I have had several times before and was always crazy good. The food had no flavor and was really kind of disgusting. Neither one of us could eat it. The server asked us and we told her. She promptly put the check on the table and walked away. Not cool. Especially for a $50 breakfast.
I doubt that I will return. Every kitchen can have a bad day but the lack of accountability sealed the deal. Done.They gave me a half eaten waffle off someone else's plate , super disgusting. I asked for a refund they said No . I asked for a refire they said they would have to charge me double . I ended up paying over $50 for 1 meal 2 juices and 1 drink . Manager was rude as could be . Never go here !This place is the best breakfast in Philly, I kid you not. My boyfriend and I went on this afternoon for brunch and were seated right away. Our waitress, Nadya, was awesome. She was attentive and knew what we needed before we even asked. My boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Burger, which he said was the best burger he has ever had. I got "The Cure" Skillet, which was packed with flavor and the short ribs were very tender. The prices are slightly higher than the average breakfast place, but the big portions make up for it. You're definitely getting what you're paying for, and then some!I came here on a Friday for brunch. To say this place was a disaster is an understatement. The chicken and waffles Benedict and potatoes , Mac and cheese, and the breakfast burger with fries was what was ordered. The Benedict came out cold to start. In addition, when a bite was taken out of the chicken from the chicken and waffles it was bland. I can't speak on the flavors of the rest of the meal because I ended up not eating it. The waitress was informed about the issue and the manager came. He wasn't apologetic but he did offer to bring a "fresh" one and fast. In the time he took I ended up eating some of the other food ordered. The Mac and cheese was bland. There was literally no flavor just noodles. The fries from the burger were also cold. The only thing that saved this place was their breakfast burger. That was the highlight of the meal. Everything else was literally cold and/or bland and we ended up giving the chicken and waffles Benedict as well as the Mac and cheese to a homeless man. I can say that our waitress was super sweet but I can't say the same about the manager. He could've handled the situation better. 
To top it off the food was pricey. I'm not sure if they were having an off day but it wasn't a pleasant experience. Going to McDonald's might have been a better option. Whomp whomp whomp.Delicious breakfast!  Ordered scheduled DoorDash delivery the night before for opening on Sat (10:00-10:30), actually expecting to wait until 11:00, but food arrived before 10 am!  Love that I could get yummy coffee drinks and food from one place!  Avocado Benedict was just what I was craving, and the silver dollar pancakes we're actually regular size!  The $7 Peach smoothie really only tasted like bananas, but my son drank the whole thing anyway! ++Don't ever go here if you are hungry !!! I mean it, their service was very very slow like a snail. Don't know about food yet, as we are still waiting as am I writing the review. 
I just saw a family of 4 leaving the place without having food after waiting for may be for more than an hour.Came here while it was still warm out so back in November I believe. We came on  Sunday morning and of course, the place was slammed. We had known ahead of time we would have to wait which we were fine with but the issue I had was how understaffed the place was. There were only two waitresses that were slammed running around like crazy and one host who acted like this was the worst job she's ever had. She was in a miserable mood didn't smile, didn't even really acknowledge people until they would come up to her. 
They could seat inside at the time so they were putting a few people inside and the rest outside. The food was good but not worth the 30 minutes wait. Since moving here to Philly I've wanted to try this place since they always have lines but I came to find out it wasn't anything special. The food was good but nothing I was drooling over and my friends agreed. NOTE: They only take cash which doesn't make sense in 2020. If you didn't know they were an only cash restaurant then they offer an atm inside which of course takes $2 or $3 dollars. Overall, I will not be going back to this place but happy I got to try it.never coming to this location or business ever again!
they are way overrated. they have roachesI'm going to try and keep this as short as possible. Came in at 11:30 on a Saturday and waited 15 mins for a table (no problem at all). We were taken upstairs to our table, but on the way to the stairs we passed 2 open tables for two (still not a big deal but now I am wondering why). We go upstairs where bridesmaids are setting up for a bridal shower. It took the waitress 7 minutes to come over to us, we gave our full order (which included a coffee that was not received until our food came and we had to remind the runner we ordered it). I ordered a salad and changed the dressing. My salad was missing two ingredients and was an entire head of romaine lettuce with a half piece of chicken breast. Did I mention they were setting up for a bridal shower? We felt like we had to rush to eat because the bridesmaids were waiting to our center pieces and favors on our table. Food was mediocre.Same menu as the other locations, food is just as good, way more seating, and as of yet no crazy lines. Was hoping there would be more menu collaborations between Medusa pizza that still uses the restaurant in evenings.GREAT food! But expect a wait for your table, greens eggs is definitely a fan favorite breakfast spot. Only down side is they lose a star for customer service. It just seems like the staff is not used to the high volume of customers they deal with but this is a great place to get the most important meal of the day. Definitely one of my favorites
Pssssssttttt shrimp and grits is A1I visited this restaurant 3 times this summer. The first two times it was great! On the third time, a friend joined us after we ordered our drinks and food and the waitress and manager (I'm guessing she was the manager since our waitress got her to talk to us) refused to accommodate us. We asked to add a chair and we were turned down. We asked if anything else could be done like waiting for a larger table and we were turned down again. So I asked if she recommended us canceling our food order and leaving or if she could help us find a way to add a space for our friend. She said, " I guess we'll cancel your order." The bill would've been well over $100. We canceled our order, paid for our drinks and enjoyed a fine lunch directly across the street at the diner. The diner was more than happy to receive our money. It's a shame they lost 5 great customers.First of all when you go there the door is too damn tight. They have a note to pull push hard but what if your ligaments cant. Suit waiting to happen. Second, the music is too loud, the combo of masks, music and talking makes ordering annoying. Last and most importantly, the girl at the register was not pleasant.
UPDATE: just opened my food and it is super subpar that the usual. Will go back to my fave location in NL. smhIf you're tryna go HAM on brunch, this place is it. I had the Short Rib Benedict with side of grits, and honestly the entree itself was large enough and didn't even really need a "side" to go with it. The short ribs were pull apart tender and the cheesy grits were good, but I only had a spoonful or two because the rest of the food was so plentiful. 
Ideal place to try and cure that hangover from a night out on Frankford ave.So the food is GREAT. Everything is delicious. But the service is very unorganized and takes a while.Super disappointed with the service at the new fishtown location. Walked in at lunch time and waited with 3 other groups for about 10 Mins before we decided to leave. The restaurant was not full and there were two workers serving/cleaning up and no one acknowledged the customers who were waiting. It was rude and unprofessional. Heard a lot of great things about green eggs and was so turned off by the service that I will not be going back to this location.I love green eggs. It's one of my favorite go to brunch spots. The salted caramel banana French toast is amazing. Can't go wrong with the fried chicken sandwich or Buffalo Mac n cheese. They make their own whipped cream that goes on coffee drinks and it's so tasty!Visited this location Sunday around 1 pm, the wait is about 30 mins as expected so we went on a walk. We quickly got seated after we came back.
We ordered:
Red Velvet Latte ($5) 
- the drink itself is more like a dessert. It is perfect for dessert person who like extra sugar on everything but for me it was just way too sweet. Also, the drink stains my fingers and the table so I had to use tablecloth as a coaster.
Biscuit with Gravy ($6)
- gravy was creamy and well seasoned. Biscuit was fluffy and moist.
Creole Shrimp and Grits ($15)
- Delicious!! Grits are flavorful and the side dish is a great compliment. Shrimps taste fresh and not over cooked. You can also choose how you'd like the eggs that come with the dish
Chicken and Waffle Benedict($16)
- an unfortunate disappointment. One of the eggs came fully cooked (not what you want from a Benedict), fried chicken was dry and soggy. The waffles was soggy too. It seemed like the dish was ready for sometimes but they didn't serve it soon enough and let it sit on the hot station for too long (the plate came out really hot) the only tasty thing on the plate was the chedder hash browns (add on for $1) I'd not order this again.
Overall, it's a very busy location with okay dishes and over sweetened drink. The servers are very friendly but seem a little overwhelmed at times. Personally, I don't think I'll be back. Even if I do, I'd not order the benny.Never coming back to this location again! This is how my silverware was wrapped in a linen napkinSo disappointed. Went there with a good friend for the first time. Was expecting a fabulous breakfast.  While our waitress was very nice she didn't tell us that Green Eggs does breakfast a bit differently than other breakfast places. We asked for RYE toast but we were served Marble rye toast, which is not rye toast but a mix of pumpernickel and rye. (I am allergic to pumpernickel). I asked for turkey bacon thinking it would be thin and crisp like ALL bacon but their "special" version of turkey bacon is a thick cut version so that the bacon becomes like chunky ham particles. Alas, I did not ask for chunky particles. My friend asked for cheese in her omelette and was served an omelette with melted cheese poured on top of the eggs. Whoever heard of melted cheese being poured on top of an omelette? Truly odd. Cheese should be INSIDE an omelette. Most of the customers were eating ice cream/whipped cream French toast and sickly sweet breakfasts. They were all overweight. Very slow service. Had to ask for more coffee. The corner diner is better.This was super disappointing. Just pretty bad all around. The chicken was straight up sad. My kitchen sink has uncut full onions. Like just bleak. Like why did I spend 50 dollars on bad food? That's a meal of my life I'm never going to get back. Just depressing stuff, Yelpfam.Food was great and so was the service! Got the Mac n cheese with buffalo chicken and loved it. The waitress was on top of everything and anticipated all our needs and made sure to ask questions pertaining to our orders so that we would enjoy every bite! The only thing we did not like was the chorizo, but we do live in El Paso and eat a lot of breakfast burritos so our standards are high.Finally a green eggs where it doesn't matter that I forgot the bottle of champagne or to chill it ahead of time because they have a bar!
This is officially my fav green eggs location. The staff is super nice, the food is great, and they sell mimosas. What more is needed for an amazing brunch? 
We started with a carafe of mimosas with which we were given chilled glasses with strawberries on the side. Nice touch. 
For brunch I ordered the breakfast eggrolls and my friend got the burger with Spanish fries which I promptly stole a bunch of. I love the Spanish fries here. They have a subtle vinegar taste and the roasted peppers are a perfect pair. 
I really enjoyed cheesesteak eggrolls. They are one of the few dishes on green eggs menu that isn't huge. Perfect portion.
Also not super busy for a Saturday around noon. No wait for a table unlike many other green eggs locations. It's like the green eggs hidden gem.got take out this morning (cookie dough stuffed french toast + the kitchen sink) and it was excellent! came hot + fast and tasted amazing. we are so happy greens eggs is open again.The quality of Green Eggs has gone down considerably as they expand. This is my first time at this location but I have eaten at Green Eggs dozens of times. This time, I made a mistake and ventured to get the "Croque Madame Benedict" - Ham, swiss, gruyere sandwich with béchamel sauce and poached eggs. I got a 2 pieces of dry bread glued with a thin layer of cheddar cheese and covered in 4 drops of sauce. Poached eggs were not runny at all. I also got a short rib benedict, which, in the past has been good - it came out cold and tasteless. Did not even bother to eat it. 
Green Eggs used to be a go to breakfast stop for my friends visiting philly, now I will show them elsewhere.Unable to review the food because the service was poor and the server at the door was very rude and disrespectful. We immediately decided not to stay and my spouse insisted we ask for a manager. We returned inside to ask for a manager and was informed the man at the door was the manager.TAKE HEED TO THIS WARNING: EAT SOME WHERE ELSE. This establishment is managed and staffed by completely unreasonable and ignorant members of society. It's appalling that these people are trying to run a restaurant. Regardless, they are failing.
They gave my husband cold food. When he tried to exchange it, the manager insisted he would take care of it. When my husband received they handed him back the same EXACT FOOD...not once, BUT TWICE. Additionally, they charged him for extra hollandaise sauce which the server refused to give him. When he asked for it, her snarky response was "Why would I do that?" 
To top it all off, when my husband asked for his money back after the entire hour long ordeal, the manager says "We don't do cash refunds here."
This establishment is one that we have been patrons of for more than 5 years. It's really sad to see the evolution of the business, and how far they have fallen from where they once were. This place has had a weird odor the last few times I've attended which I set aside for loyalty reasons. Now I know it's the smell of poor management, literally. Take the extra 5 minute ride and eat somewhere better in Northern Liberty's. This place sucks.I've heard that the food is really good here so we decided to stop for breakfast. 
Mask are required 
Cash only-ATM inside
They do make cocktails (wasn't able to try one)
Staff was very nice, understanding and pleasant. We ordered our meal and then received an emergency call and had to cancel our order. Our server was completely understanding about the situation, canceled our order and provided me with a to go cup and put fresh apple juice in it for me to take with me. We asked if we owed anything and was informed that we were good. 
We quickly returned and sat in the same spot and our server looked at us and confirmed that we would be ordering the same thing as earlier and quickly brought out our meals when done. 
That shrimp and grits was really good. The grits had flavor/taste to them. I didn't need to add any salt, pepper, hot sauce or ketchup to the meal. Eggs were scrambled and went well with the complete meal. This was a lot of food for me, I definitely could've shared. 
My co-worker wanted pancakes but was told that they were out so he instead ordered the French toast and killed them quickly. He said they were good.  He decided on plain French toast but kept mentioning how good the others sounded and they did sound tasty. Pineapple upside down French toast is something I'm going to have to try next time.Food was below average and relatively expensive. Don't recommend. Very cold and stale tbhMLK DAY 2021- it's all about service! 
After completing a morning of service in the Kensington/Fishtown community, myself and a group of friends decided to visit this location for brunch. Upon arriving at the door we were met with a displaced energy from the manager. We requested to be seated near each other (party of 7) and due to the CDC regulations we were told by the manger Dave/David that were weren't able to be seat at tables that were even near each other (meaning next to or adjacent) - after a few minutes went by the manger expressed that he would be able to seat us as close to each other as possible (which is the only reason why I've given two stars) 
Once we were seated and we ordered our food, the manager took a moment to visit our table to tell me that outside water isn't allowed in their establishment while pointing to my Acqua Panna. I kindly tucked away the water. 
Our food came out in a timely manner, however I was truly unpleased with how my AVOCADO TOAST came out. This is my typical go-to item due to my own personal dietary restrictions. I asked the waitress if it could be replaced and she instantly told me that she would need to have her manager come to the table. 
As the manager Dave/David came over to the table his energy was AGAIN unpleasant. He responded to me by stating that "Once an order is placed and prepared the way that it appears in the menu, they do not remove items".  NEVER have I ever had an establishment refuse to remove something from my plate it even replace it with something else. After I re-read him the description of the item and then explained to him that I was not expecting an AVOCADO SANDWICH or even for him to refuse to remove it from my bill. I let him know that I no longer wanted the entire meal. I will NEVER come to this establishment again.I've tried to support local restaurants during the pandemic but these people don't want our business. They expect me to pay $3 more per item to order on caviar instead of letting me order for pickup. There's no where to park to wait 45 mins for an order, it's a 2 hour wait for a table. I'm done giving these people my money since they clearly don't want it.I just ordered from door dash today and it seems like their quality has gone down or there's a carelessness on how there food goes out. I ordered an ice latte it's literally milk. I can't even taste the espresso. My omelette was overdone to the point where it was slightly crumbly and a weird texture. My potatoes were good except the ratio of potatoes to peppers and onions was weird. It was literally half peppers and onions and half potatoes and I ended up not even eating the peps and onions because they were slimy from being overdone. I did like my pancakes that I just ordered with bananas but even side of butter was such a small amount I couldn't even use it for all my pancakes. They didnt even fill the cup half way.Birthday brunch for my girl friend's Mom.  Hadn't been to this location. 
Parking: residential 2 hour parking. 
Atmosphere: open and noisy. They have outdoor seating on the rooftop with umbrellas. 
Service: wait time was 30 minutes but there were benches outside.  Our server was average. She took our order and checked on us.
Drinks: margarita and pitcher of peach passion bellini. The bellini lacked flavor. Didn't taste much passion fruit. Tasted the champagne. Would have liked to taste more of the fruit. 
Food: 
Brisket sandwich- meat was tender but lacked flavor. Left me wanting more. Didn't taste the horseradish. 
Mac n cheese- no flavor at all and cheese Didn't stick to the pasta,  too loose; salt and pepper couldn't even bring it to life. 
Shrimp and grits-  tasted good. 
Addon: there's a service fee on tables with bills more than $50 whyyyyy? Couldn't figure that one out. Please explain Green Eggs. 
Overall i like this location. I may come back to try something different. Not sure if I'll spend less than $50. 
EnjoySeemed more concerned with turning over the table than the dining experience itself. Food was right, nothing special.  Though I'd recommend the cheddar hash browns.
Only go if you're ready to order as soon as you sit down, and get out the door just as quickStay away!! This was probably the worst experience I've had at a restaurant in a very long time. Most of the staff were rude with the exception of our waitress (thankfully). I ordered the chicken and waffles and was extremely disappointed. The chicken was cold, dry and tough and the poached eggs were over cooked. Towards the end of our meal we were approached by a staff member who rudely informed us that our time was up and that we needed to leave to allow the next guests to be seated. Fine but at that point we were waiting for our receipt and my friend was still eating. If customers are on time limits it's on the hostess/waiter to inform us ahead of time.Good breakfast caffee, hubby order eggs Benedict, I asked for guacamole eggs Benedict. Guac was a little bit salty, otherwise good food. Service was very very attentive, they came to our table about 10 times in less than 30 min. Also when we were done with our plates they drop the check we didn't have the change to order anything else. That was very rude. Next time I will order for  take out.Came here with a couple of kids, told us it'd be a short wait, 30-40 minutes. We decided to wait since most places in fishtown that are good have a bit of a wait during the weekends. Came back half an hour later and was told it be another 30-60 minutes. I don't mind waiting for a table but it'd be nice to have options for reservations (Opentable)...especially when 30 minutes can suddenly turn into 30-90 minutes. Haven't had this problem at any other places in fishtown! Most places are much more accurate when it comes to wait time.This spot is amazing. Safe for outdoor dining. The food came out pretty quick along with the drinks we ordered! Defintely will go back!First of all, we usually LOVE this spot. 
 EVERYONE in the restaurant got their food and we were wondering where our food was. It was definitely approaching or over the hour mark. We asked and watched the manager take our ticket back to the kitchen. We would have appreciated some transparency that our order never made it back. No one came back and apologized. 
The food came out promptly after that, but it was not up to normal standards. I had chicken and waffles.The side of potatoes was completely burnt and the chicken did not taste right. The French toast was undercooked. My wife's brisket was awful. She said the gravy was like gelatin. All the while no one stopped to get us drinks or check in on us. We couldn't even get our bill or change without flagging down management. Weekday service does not seem on par with weekend service. Hopefully it was just an off day.uThey gave me a half eaten waffle off someone else's plate , super disgusting. I asked for a refund they said No . I asked for a refire they said they would have to charge me double . I ended up paying over $50 for 1 meal 2 juices and 1 drink . Manager was rude as could be . Never go hereThe pecan french toast was great. I saw pictures prior for the kitchen sink and couldn't wait to try but it fell short for me in what I expected and it was very salty.Have never written a review, but had much higher expectations for Green Eggs. Went there a couple of days ago and the AC was broken so it was very stuffy in the restaurant, no windows open to allow air circulation when it was like 95 degrees outside. Broken AC is out of their control, totally agree. But then they served us water in a cup that had brown residue on it. Yuck. Told the waitress who took it back and brought back another glass of water.....except it was in the same brown residue cup. Yuck! Can also let that go and chalk it up to being a genuine mistake. But then, the food came out. Eggs were bright colored and tasted a little chalky and tasted like they were made from powdered eggs or liquid eggs from a cardboard carton. Yuckkk. Both hubby and I walked out of there never wanting to go back...If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Mac and cheese had no cheese. the latte was nasty and the waiter spilled it. Potatoes were burned and nasty, dry. Chicken sandwich, horrible!!! strawberry lemonade was bitter and sour. My heart hurts leaving here because I had to pay for this meal. I even asked for the cure skillet and the lady told me that she could not remove the meat. im confused? if you're cooking everything made to order why cant you remove the meat?? Water- horrible! tasted like battery acid. safe to say, i left this place charged up but still hungry and thirsty. I wish i could get my money back.I went here on a Saturday morning, and as indoor dining is allowed again, the restaurant was super busy. The wait time is about 45 minutes if you want to sit down and enjoy your food. I would say the experience and the food was worth the wait. I got 2 savory dishes (the egg benedict and the omelette) which were cooked pretty well. The ham of the egg benedict was a bit too salty for me though. The CB french toast was a must to try since I loved to end my meal on a sweeter note. I had half the egg omelette and the french toast for left over for a party of 2 since the portions were pretty big.A lovely little brunch spot.  Came on a Saturday morning around 11 there was a 20-30 minute wait. No problem we went to go sit at the counter.  The bf and I got the red velvet pancakes and kitchen sink. Both were huge and delicious. Would like to come back and try other items on menu.  And it's cash only but no problem there. There's an ATM inside.It was "ok". I've heard a lot of good things about this place and finally decided to try it. I had the chicken and waffles and was not impressed at all; the chicken desperately needed to be seasoned. I'm not exaggerating, the chicken had ZERO seasoning. The waffle was just...well, a waffle...nothing spectacular. My biggest issue is that everything was very bland (on my plate). My fiancé had the shrimp & grits benedict (it was the special this morning) and he really liked his, I liked his too. There were a ton of plates that came out that looked good, mine just wasn't one of them, unfortunately. 
I may be willing to come back for the red velvet pancakes though, they looked amazing.Monday lunch was filled with people! That was a good sign.
Pressed tin ceilings and walls....minimal decor 
     - clean/green/white and bright.
Friendly service. Yummy food.
I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese combo (always a comforting dish.)  
The sandwich description on the menu: cheddar, provolone, bacon, sun-dried tomato spread, and jalapeno relish.
The bread was very thick, thus NOT allowing the cheese to melt to the bread.  Very thick, not really melted cheese.  The jalapeno relish was just sliced large pieces of jalapeno (no relish).  The bacon was very tasty.
Overall the sandwich was OKAY.  It had great potential!!!
The soup was good - but if the sandwich was a little more melted, I could have dipped it in the soup like I normally do.  It just kept falling apart.
Cute local joint.Located in south philly, the restaurant was somewhat difficult to drive to from the suburbs.  We visited this establishment mid-week around 12 noon, so the side street parking was ample.  We ordered the eggs benedict and the breakfast burrito.  The eggs benedict was doused in hollandaise sauce, and the herbs overpowering, although the eggs were cooked half decent enough.  The breakfast burrito was full of mexican flavor and plenty greasy, probably great after a long night of drinking.  The entire experience was mediocre at best, for which the food was easily forgettable.Delicious, Fresh and Innovative... .what's not to like.  Did I mention DELICIOUS.  Good Luck Gettin a Table!!This place is totally legit. Almost perfect!
Huge, amazing menu with tons of great brunch options. Full lunch offered too. Healthy plates make an appearance for sure with a whole area designated to salads and vegan options, and then there are meals labeled "The Kitchen Sink" or "Chicken and Waffles with a million and one add-ons". You get the idea. Total cult-following.
Cheap, inexpensive, and the orders came out quick. 
-1 star for the irritation in our hostess' attitude when our table of 6 changed to a table of 7. They were planning on pushing two tables together anyway that easily sat 8, yet she was a total B about it and told us the wait would be another 30 mins. This is only after we asked her "How long will the new wait be?" and she responds, "I don't know." When your first interaction with someone is them being awful, it can easily make you not want to ever return. Rude. 
Other than that girl though, I think this place is top-f'n-notch. All other servers were sweet, knowledgeable, and on top of things. So many delicious meals were eaten this day and with prices like theirs, it really makes it hard not to want to eat here everyday.I went on a chilly Sunday afternoon around 2:45pm. They close at 4pm, so we made it just in time. It's BYO. The wait was only 5 minutes for two of us, and it was warm and cozy waiting in the large seating area. The tables are cute with plants, and the energy is happy and upbeat. The staff was very professional and friendly. The food was great! I ordered the Mexican chicken Benedict and my husband had the veg version- both were fantastic. The coffee was nice and everything was very fast. The side of fruit was beautiful and came with quite a bit of fruit! We ordered french fries just to try them, and they were hot and good. The one weird thing was that the potatoes with the veg benedict were not hot- just kinda warm. Otherwise fantastic experience. Cash only.I don't usually give 5-stars to a place I've only been to once, but since I know I'll be going back and will likely be impressed again, they're getting all my stars! One thing that drives me crazy about brunch lately is the wait time and the exorbitant prices. That being said, there are ways to avoid both, so I expect most places to recognize that and make amends. 
Green Eggs Cafe seems to have found a happy medium by offering a bar service (which most diners have- get a clue people!) to those who don't care if they have a table setting. They also have a, gasp, waiting area with couches and a tv. Insanity! The place was bigger than most hot-spots, too, so eat your heart out Sabrina!
I found their menu refreshing. If I'm going to pay $$, I better not be able to recreate this dish at home. I usually get eggs benedict or juevos rancheros or an egg dish, but when my eyes settled on peanut butter crunchy french toast, I put the menu down and tried to keep my heart from beating out of my chest!! Yes, please! I also ordered a side of bacon and although I ordered it crispy, it was late and not crispy. I should have ordered the chorizo because it was very tasty and in a patty form. The best I've had in quite a while, and I love chorizo!
There were a bunch of other things I wanted to try. My friend got the grilled cheese & tomato soup, along with a cup of hot chocolate- all of which I want to try. Also, the fried oyster po'boy, corned beef reuben benedict (sweet Jesus!), vegan shephard's pie....seriously, worth the wait.What can I say except the food is absolutely amazing here.  Don't go here if you are watching your figure though because portions are huge and calories are unknown :) Defiantly made for sharing which you will absolutely want to do because it's hard to decide on one dish.  I will say though, be prepared to WAIT.  You will WAIT to be seated on a normal day between 20-45 minutes and then WAIT about another 20-30 minutes for your food to arrive once you order.    If you are inpatient or extremely hungry and cannot take the WAIT, I recommend that you either arrive here as soon as they open to avoid the WAIT or just go somewhere else.  You can however go to the bar area and get coffee, cappuccino and pastries to make your WAIT a little more tolerable.  They also DO NOT accept credit cards which I think is absolutely ridiculous is this day and age but there is an ATM on site.
All in all this place is defiantly worth the WAIT and I will defiantly go here anytime I want to indulge.  I did however take 1 star off but that is merely for the WAIT because time is money and none of us want to lose that :)Upon first entering the Cafe, there's a cozy lounge area complete with faux fireplace which leads to the counter.  I imagine if GEC ever gets super busy a la Sabrina's, there the possibility of loading up that area with tables.  I enjoyed the decor overall...the colors are all found in nature, which totally appeals to me.  The cafeteria-style dining room felt huge but cozy.  
Food was delicious!  I ordered the stuffed french toast, and I, as I say when I consume food quickly, HOUSED it.  It was enough to fill but not over-fill me on this extremely cold day in winter.  It was stuffed with blueberries and cream which I'd love to somehow incorporate into a future wedding plan...jrg ordered the pancakes, which he described as "good", but he didn't house it.  He wanted them to be fluffier...however, he indulged in the excellent slab bacon, cook rare, just as he likes it, without his request.  He also ordered the potato side which I helped him finish because they were perfectly seasoned.  YUM!
We'll definitely go back to see how this fledgling business in our 'hood with a stated commitment to using local ingredients and other eco-friendly practices grows...Im sure there's a ton of people who'll disagree, but I've had two of the favorites- the Kitchen Sink and the Creme Brulee French toast and though the presentation is always nice and large enough to feed 2-3 people, the dishes are just ok in my opinion. The kitchen sink has everything you would want in a breakfast explosion of biscuits, sausage, eggs and other things, but it was kind of bland and just way too much (which i never say bc this girl can eat). The french toast was too sweet, but i think the maple syrup might have put it over the top (but my opinion is a bit biased bc I had it elsewhere and it blew me away) Service is always really friendly and prompt and the decor inside is really nice- clean bright and simple. Still a great place to maybe take out of towners, just not my go to spot.Love brunch.  LOve breakfast.
I love it even more when it tastes good, doesn't suck in anyway and isn't full of dumb pretentious shit that some hipster printed up because they know it's hot now.
This place looks awesome inside and I don't know how they can afford all the dead space but I don't care.  It was so nice to be inside waiting for a table.
I KNOW that was money they could have squeezed in there for other tables but the set-up was sweet AND I could get a cappuccino while I waited and sat on the edge of a couch.
Nowhere near me, but I will go here before almost any other breakfast place because of these factors alone.
Thank you for not being a greedy bastard Mr/Mrs. Owners...Huge portions, excellent food, and decent service. My only complaint is that there is often a wait, but that's to be expected in a big city when the food is that delicious.
My personal favorite is the short rib benedict, but I've literally never tasted anything that I didn't like from there. And if you're into sweet breakfast, the pancakes are HUGE (and delicious).A really great place with high popularity which means they have some hard and fast rules. Such as 1) cash only 2) no split checks 3) automatic 18% gratuity for bills over $75. 
It's very easy to go over $75 here. The drinks and food add up quickly. If you look at a pancake option on the menu and think to yourself "well I can just make that at home for pennies" then you should stay far away from this place. There will always be a line because this is for people who are committed to The Brunch Experience.
I went with two others and together we ordered a carafe of pineapple juice, a glass of cranberry juice, hot tea, and a coconut bombon. The pineapple juice was pretty thick and heavy, more like syrup, and could have been chilled. They served the tea in a fairly small, thick white mug with lemon slices and the bag separate but offered free refills on the hot water.
For food we had the Short Rib Benedict with cheddar grits, the Lox Benedict with rosemary homefries, and the Chef's Burger with spanish fries.
They serve the lunch and breakfast menus all day and have a separate page of specials available. Both Benedict dishes came with homefries but you can pay a $1 to switch them out for cheddar grits which are a shockingly dense amount and well worth the extra dollar. 
The Short Rib is really more like a pulled-pork brisket with two poached eggs on top. It was very tender and very flavorful. I would definitely recommend getting the hollandaise sauce on the side to control the taste. The burger was absolutely enormous and incredibly delicious. Spanish fries, which are fries topped with sauted onions and jalepenos, are delicious and came in a staggeringly generous serving.
It's a ton of food, we all had leftovers to take home. We were never rushed which is a good thing considering the almost 70 minute wait. I would go back but only with people who understand that a long wait and high prices are part of the experience.Holly benedicts! The chicken & waffles benedict with a maple syrup and hot sauce hollandaise is out of this world! The cheesy grit side is a perfect addition. Honestly, all of the benedicts are perfection...eggs cooked perfectly every time! 
My last trip to Green Eggs I was in the mood for something light and summery...the crab, shrimp and bacon salad with a fresh sneeze berry lemonade was the perfect choice. Honestly one of the best salads I have ever had, the dressing was light allowing the deliciousness of the shrimp, crab and bacon to shine through! In addition to the amazing grub served, the friendliness of everyone who works there makes the brunch experience worth repeating every weekend!Cute and cozy breakfast/brunch spot. Parking can be difficult and it's cash only. The wait can be super long, esp on the weekends. Youll usually get a nice waiter unless youre unlucky and get the lady with the glasses and RBF. We've been unlucky the last two times. 
I wish they had variety, like different specials on rotation.  One can only have nutella french toast and red velvet pancakes so many times. I get the kitchen sink or the breakfast burrito which is always pretty good. They do have a couple vegan options as well. Note, they do not have almond milk which is so weird to me...only whole, skim, and soy. Most of the time, this is what deters me from enjoying a cup of the La Colombe coffee. 
Our food...I got the breakfast burrito this time. Was so so. Cant really mess that up :). My bf got the country fried steak sandwich. The steak was sooooo salty. He usually likes his food on the salty side so I know if he said it was salty, it was super salty. He ended up just eating the egg on top with the bun and gravy. If it were me, I wouldve sent it back but hes not the type lol. Anyhow, id rate this as our least favorite visit. We'd probably only come back bc it's really close to us and the food is decent.don't know what other people are complaining about. sure, the wait is long on the weekend, and the service can be a bit short, but the menu is fresh and original and not as overpriced as sabrina's cafe. try the quinoa! unbelievable!The unique choices for breakfast and lunch is what makes this place different than other diners or restaurants.
You definitely will leave their full or with a to go box.
My only complaint would be parking is really tough.  We ended up parking on Broad Street and walked down which was only a five minute walk.  So if you go, planning on walking for a few minutesGreen Eggs won my heart! My friends and I were seated quickly, though I wouldn't have minded waiting longer with the hot coffee and comfy couches offered. We all ordered something different, two sweet and two savory dishes as well as some bacon and porridge to split. Well, we all ended up sharing some of our orders because everything was absolutely irresistible. I felt obligated to get the Philly-style Eggs Benedict since I was home from school in Baltimore, and even though it seemed like a strange combo it all worked magically. Yep, cream cheese, pretzel, pork, and poached eggs all work together well. Overall this brunch put us in the mood to go take on the city by which I mean sit around in the Book Trader.The place has good food but it's just dang near impossible to get a table.  This place could double in size/staff and still turn people away.  If your friends want to get together for brunch, be prepared to wait outside for an hour for a table.  The food IS good, but i dont know if it's worth the trouble!Been coming to this green eggs location for a while now, always get the cream chipped beef over toast, but came in today only to find out they don't serve it no more.!  not good.I had heard about this place via Thrillist  because of it's 'eco-friendly' stamp of approval & was really excited to check it out. When we got inside, there was no hostess podium (is this a new trend?) only a take out counter all the way in the back where I asked if we could get a seat. The place is big, and was almost completely empty except for like 15 employees/friends lounging around the back area, not sure what thats all about. It was also really quiet with the exception of a quiet TV (music anyone??).When we got our drinks & silverwear it was sort of grimy. Soap scum on the glasses & tableware ehh.. turn off.
Beside that, The food was great! I got eggs Benedict & my friend got the orange goat cheese salad. I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt since it just opened up but come on.This restaurant it not the cheapest but surely worth the price. Everything I've had is amazing. The smoothies are fresh and the service is great. Our server Brittany was fantastic.READ ME!  READ  ME!  READ ME!
Please stay away from their lunch and flavored ice lattes!  I ordered their short rib panini with sweet potato fries and it was not acceptable!  The flavor of the meal was pretty much non-existent.  Their ice Nutella latte was horrific. 
The result of eating there?  I was in the bathroom for "who knows how long" soon after.Very cool spot. Can get busy. CASH ONLY. The french toast I had were very good. Huge portions. I'd eat here again if I came to town.Just about tried every french toast special they all rule.  If you are really hungry try the red velvet pancakes (or share they are megahuge).  Today i tried the lunch for the first time a cheese steak w/fries it was excellent.
The eggs benedict are great as well.Great place! Food is amazing, and the coffee is free flowing. Marcella and Angelica gave excellent service with equally amazing smiles. This is a prime spot.Cash only with an ATM on site.
I've been here multiple times and usually try something different each visit. I have yet to be let down. The food is incredible and the friendly staff operates with a sense of urgency. I usually finish my plate fast so I can start stealing my wife's food. If I had to choose a favorite I'd probably go with the Shrimp & Grits Benedict.Love, love the brunch. You can't go wrong with whatever is on the specials menu, which is where I traditionally order from when dining here. The boyfriend has tried the breakfast burrito and the eggs Benedict. Both very good. I'm in the French toast camp because I like a dessert for breakfast!  Kidding, but I do enjoy a sweet way to start a lazy day. They had this dulce de leche toast deal that was awesome. As was a strawberry delight I had another time. I have also come here for lunch and loved the club sandwich. Portions are huge, so bring an appetite or bring home leftovers.  Either way, its all good. FYI... CASH ONLY.Truly a treasure.  The outside looks just as warm and inviting as the inside.  Everything on the menu sounds so good, it is a shame that I can only choose one dish haha :P  No worries because I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.  This time I tried the smoked salmon benedict.  So delicious!  The egg was poached to perfection and the smoked salmon was shaped in a pinwheel with herb cream cheese in the middle.  A must try!Fearing long lines, we bunny-hopped out of the house early for our annual Easter brunch at Green Eggs. Our plan succeeded and we snagged two seats at the granite counter. There we ordered our traditional holiday French Toast: Ricotta stuffed French Toast for my fiance and Creme Brulee French Toast for me. The Creme Brulee French Toast was monumentally delicious, and I particularly adored the contrast between the slightly tart berry compote and the silky smooth creme Anglaise drizzle. Sufficiently rich and filling that half of the order came home with me to enjoy later. I surmise that my fiance's French Toast was equally delicious inasmuch as he virtually wordlessly inhaled it :-). BTW, Green Eggs also makes a mighty fine cup of La Colombe coffee. Truly worth the pilgrimage to South Philly or No. Libs.  Hey Green Eggs people, we need one of your outposts up here in Lower Bucks County!Came by for the first time to celebrate our anniversary with brunch. Casual decor, waited about 25-30 mins upon arriving at 12:30pm. We brought champagne and ordered oj for mimosas. Waited a bit for service but very nice waitress. Ordered eggs Benedict and the red velvet pancakes. All delicious!!! Big portions. Will be back!The only thing disappointing about Green Eggs is the long wait! I am a huge fan of all of their Eggs Benedict dishes especially the short rib. Despite how busy they are, the service is always great too. I need to fake a sick day soon to get there on a weekday when the wait isn't nearly as long!Hello Philly !!! It's your boy. This place is awesome!!! Service, food & atmosphere is great. It's gets a huge thumbs up. Get there early because the secret is out & it can get crowded but its worth the wait. Portions are very generous & worth the $ check this joint as soon as you can. ( This is a cash only restaurant) there is a ATM on the premises.I'm so happy that Green Eggs Cafe opened in my neighborhood.  This is the closest thing so far in Philly to the cafes I loved in Seattle.  Only time will tell how the neighborhood receives it.  There is definitely potential to be a 7 day option and not just weekend brunch.
So far food has impressed.  Items like grilled cheese, grits, chicken salad, bagels are exactly what you'd expect.  Portions are large and prices reflect this.  I've gone twice and seems like half the folks order the Kitchen Sink (multiple breakfast items cooked together and served on a skillet) and can only finish half of it.
Espresso is unpretensious and fairly priced but slightly burned in my two americanas.  I hope they work that out.  Expect to be asked "How do you take your coffee?"  Cane sugar arrives in brown cubes.
Service is brisk and friendly.  On a slow afternoon, staff was chill and relaxed.  Cozy, relaxed neighborhood cafe.  Leave your attitude at the door.
Likely won't become a destination like Morning Glory or Sabrina's (this is a good thing) Green Eggs is a welcome addition to South Philly.I found out about this place on Foursquare after a friend of mine went.  It's way off the usual path for Philly brunch, but well worth the trip.  If you're craving traditional brunch, creative twists, and you're hungry as a horse, this is the perfect place to go.  And BRING CASH (they don't take cards).
We decided to bypass the wait (40 mins at 12:30 on a Sunday for 2) by sitting at the counter.  Looking at the menu, everything looked fantastic, and I couldn't decide on what to get.  The BF opted for the Creme Brûlée French Toast, and I eventually went with the Kitchen Sink (although I was really really hard pressed between that and the Steak and Eggs).  When the food arrived, it looked larger than life.  Seriously, the portions here are enormous, and we could have probably split one dish.  But upon diving into my oversized skillet of scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, biscuits and gravy, my mouth and stomach were immediately sated.  Everything was delicious and savory.  I had a small side of sriracha with my food just in case the eggs and veggies needed an extra kick, but no hot sauce was necessary.  This dish stood well on its own.  As for his breakfast, the French Toast tasted EXACTLY like the flavor it was cooked to emulate on the menu.  That's the sign of good brunch.
I'll agree with the other reviewers that the service could use some work, and that's probably my only negative.  Otherwise, this is definitely a welcome addition to Philly's brunch repertoire, and absolutely worth the long waits (although the counter is a great option for those who don't mind and aren't coming with a big group).  I'm so full I don't think I can eat for the rest of the day.I've eaten at their other locations before and always found it to be above average...but today the kitchen  knocked my socks off!  Their menu is extensive...and so it was difficult to choose. Fortunately, there was a bit of a wait (not too terrible for Saturday at 11 am in South Philly...25 minutes) so we were prepared to order by the time we were seated.  My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I had two eggs over easy, multi grain toast, cheesy grits with shrimp, and the silver dollar pancakes.  I am a grits conoisseur, and these were divine.  The pancakes...now, they  were the best I have EVER eaten.  I  know it's just a PANCAKE, but they tasted a little like a cupcake...they were sweet and light.  
They offer Sprite Zero on the menu, although it wasn't available, so I had diet Coke, which was a bit flat.  No biggie.  The service was excellent...particularly for a place what was SLAMMING... our food was delivered quickly and HOT.   We will be returning ...great job Green Eggs!This place would be great if not for the inconsistent service.  The food is typically good, but it occasionally arrives cold.  On one visit I'd agreed to eat food that I hadn't ordered because the runner confused my french toast with another table's.  I notified the server, but it was too late to correct the error.  I figured what I'd received was similar and I don't like wasting food so I told them not to worry about it.  I was charged the $3.00 price difference for my trouble.Oh. My. God. Breakfast here is to die for. Everything was on point!! Red velvet pancakes, chicken and waffles and steak and eggs. Plus our waiter was awesome. Two thumbs up!!Yeah. I'm feeling this spot. I'm skeptical of a place that franchises, but I ripped the hell out of that kitchen sink platter they offer. Best part? No carbs in the entire plate. No, wait. I'm kidding. But it's fantastic, so go.I like this location more than the city center one. First because its BYOB and secound, because the ambiance is more quaint. I LOVE the food here! They always have new things to try. They have multiple types of eggs Benedict including a chicken and waffles one *drool* and a Korean short rib one, both to die for! They serve breakfast till 3 pm, great spot for brunch! Vegetarian and Vegan options available! (watch out! Cash only...)Oh...Green Eggs. 
I remember my first experience ever in this place: I ordered the Lox omelet and it came out without a shred of lox in it.... that was a bit humorous to me at the time and of course my waitress was super sweet about it and I felt even more inclined to smile and wait, knowing it would all be worth it once it was back in front of me.
Oh sh*t, was I wrong! My omelet returned in a few, only now it was cold and stuffed with cold lox in the middle... gross. I should mention that this was probably within the first few weeks of their opening and the concept of losing the 8dollar omelet may have been hard to handle, but really, a COLD lox omelet?!?! 
Anyway, I returned, keeping in mind the fact they needed some time to work out the kinks. 
My second visit I decided on Pancakes!!!! Who doesn't love pancakes?!? Of course I had decided I wanted them stuffed with strawberries and chocolate chips, the way I would order them anywhere! To my dismay, chocolate chips are not something they will stuff a pancake with, nor will they stuff the pancakes with anything! My strawberry and blueberry pancakes arrived TOPPED with fruit, not STUFFED. Maybe you think this is nothing to get upset over, but for me, it changes the WHOLE PANCAKE EXPERIENCE COMPLETELY!!!  I wasn't happy, but I ate those sad plain looking pancakes...and never ordered them again.
Fast forward a few months later and I returned once again to see what they were really made out of. 
This time I went with my brother and best friend. I ordered the roasted beet salad, my brother wanted the turkey club, and my friend built her own omelet. We also got an order of french toast to share and to satisfy my burning curiosity: the quinoa porridge. I enjoyed the salad and my friend had no complaints about the omelet, my brother however was a bit appalled by the state of the turkey on his club. He pulled off full slices of "meat" which consisted of more FAT than turkey and I was sure glad it wasn't my mouth those slices of fat were all chewed up in...grossssss! Oh, and those french fries....YIKES....so soggy, something must be wrong with their fryer. 
Anyway, to finish off-- the french toast was delish, the quinoa porridge was creamy, totally unique and amazing! 
I hardly mentioned service, cause there was nothing to boast about, and I'm pretty sure the rumor is the servers are "first-timers" without prior experience, and it's pretty obvious. I mean look, these ladies are sweet, all but one that's got a sour puss face all day, but sh*t, when the crowds push through personally, I'd want a solid staff to man my joint is all I'm saying. 
I'm still not totally sold or appalled, but I do hope they pull it together and work it out.   It is in the neighborhood and all. 
At least their coffee has always been on point.Pretty disappointed by my latest experience at Green Eggs Cafe. Don't get me wrong, I love this restaurant and will definitely return but this is my first bad experience. I ordered something simple, creme brulee french toast and a side of grits with the scrapple chips. I was told a 15 min wait for the food. After 15 mins had gone by and still no food, I didn't mind waiting longer because they were super busy for the holiday. During my wait I seen people who ordered after me at the counter get their food. I guess they don't cook by order number, maybe they do the dine in orders first before take out. I don't know. After a long wait of at least 40 mins I am handed a bag that was most likely sitting there for a while. If my order was done, I should have been informed immediately. But, they have the same person working take out and the counter for dining in. I checked the food in my car and it was FREEZING COLD. I literally only walked from the restaurant to my car parked in front. I couldn't believe it. Instead of going back into the crazy busy restaurant and waiting another 40 mins for food, I took it home to eat. The food was horrible. My creme brulee french toast was not garnished properly and it didn't have any vanilla anglaise on it. The grits were inedible. Seriously, they were hard, clumpy, and gritty. I had to throw them away. I am not satisfied at all with Green Eggs Cafe today. In the future, please check all of your take out orders before leaving the restaurant. I called and the manager was very nice and properly addressed the issue. I just don't have the time to go back to the restaurant today since I have work tonight.Green eggs is the perfect place for brunch with a large group. They have a large menu with a mix of lunch and brunch options to keep everyone happy. Also, they do a good job at quality control. The food is great every time that I go. My favorite part of green eggs is the latte selection. The peanut butter cup latte is amazing! Its like drinking a Reese's cup!I go here a few times a week. I've had the Chicken & Waffles Benny, the Creamed Chipped Beef skillet. I've tried to order the Red Velvet pancakes or the Creme Brûlée French toast, because they look delicious as they pass, but I just can't. I always get the Kitchen Sink. And it's always awesome. And sometimes I finish it there and sometimes I finish it at home later. The service is great, staff friendly, fireplace is nice in cold weather. Awesome place.Great Place! Service and food are wonderful... Only downfall is that it's always crowded but they try to seat you fast. It's a frequent for me.Coffee's good, service is excellent. Pork Belly Benedict hit the stop. Good value brunch!
Came here on Friday morning and there was no problem getting seated. Hip atmosphere. Just landed on a red eye from California and I feel like I never left. Vegan options, soy milk, etc are all cool things to have on the menu. 
Fair warning, it's cash only a la California. ATM inside.Food is great. Sometimes portions are small like they are running out of potatoes towards the end of breakfast. Stock more potatoes, they're cheap as hell dudes. Had the hangar steak and eggs. Super delicious, probably my favorite steak and eggs to date.   My wife had Italian eggs Benedict special which was thick cured bacon with poached egg and Brie on English muffin. Very tasty, especially with the Brie.  The bread piece of " Italian Benedict" should have been something italian though. Like fresh toasted sarcone's bread or something south Philly style like a pretzel. Which they do serve with Philly style Benny with pork loin which is also rad. Could do without the cream cheese though. AGAIN I'LL SAY THIS IS CASH ONLY. which is just awful. This place makes money hand over fist and they're worried about credit card fees?!  BUT they do have an ATM on suite that they will gladly take one of your dollars to let you use. They tricked me again into thinking I could use credit cards because they still give you the check in a gosh darn AMERICAN EXPRESS check holder. (see pic 47) I mean c'mon, think of something else to use like a glass or paper clip and post card like many other places. Stop reminding me that you used to accept credit cards and now you're to cheap to have them.This is a great breakfast and brunch place in South Philly! I enjoyed everything the two times I have come but there is room for improvement to make it a 5 start spot. The food is great but the service is inconsistent. 
I recommend these as my favorite dishes: 
Shrimp and Grits 
Crab Cake Benedict (go for the potatoes with peppers and onions on the side!) 
Lox and Bagel Plater 
Chicken sausage side 
The only con was the long wait for a table if you don't have a large party. I went with just one other person once and waited over 40 minutes for a table but we had the best service and a wonderful meal. 
I returned and was with a large group of 6 people so we were able to make a reservation but we still waited about 10 minutes for them to set our table. No big deal waiting but the service was way off that time. It took so long to just get re-fills of water.  Both visits were on a Sunday afternoon but the first time I was there was much more enjoyable! I guess it really was worth the wait in that case.Place was great but make sure you have cash since they don't take CC's. I'll definitely be back when I'm in Philly again !!I had a terrible experience here just this morning.
My grandparents were in town today, and I suggested we go to the Green Eggs Cafe for a late brunch.  I asked the hostess how long the wait would be for a group of five and she quoted me 20-25 minutes.  After waiting outside in the cold for about 10 minutes or so, I finally asked if there was a place to sit down.  (I had noticed that their original waiting area was now filled with dining tables).  She pointed out a side waiting room, and about 15 other cold people followed our party into the warm waiting room.  I guess the hostesses didn't feel the need to tell anyone about their new waiting area.
After about 35 minutes of waiting, I went back outside to check on the status of our table.  She said that two large tables were finishing and about to get their check, she quoted another 10-15 minutes.  As I went back into the waiting area, I noticed a group of 6 waiting.
Another 15 minutes pass, and I go back outside AGAIN to see whats going on.  Just as I'm asking, the table of six that came AFTER us was just getting seated.  When I inquired about the "second" table that was finishing up their meals, she said she didn't know what I was talking about, and that there was no other table.
At this point, we had waited for about an hour with two elderly grandparents.  I went up once again to inquire about our table, and at this point the hostess had a major attitude.  She raised her voice and was claiming that this wasn't her fault and she couldn't help us.  We were so frustrated by this point that we left and had a wonderful brunch at Hawthorne's cafe!
Overall, the two teenage hostesses were extremely rude and unhelpful.  I've worked as a hostess at a busy restaurant before, and the hosting staff is the first experience you have in a restaurant.  If you can't have a friendly attitude, it isn't the job for you. If the service inside is anything like the hosting service, I recommend that everyone walk right by this place.First time here. We were told the wait for two people would be 20 mins but the counter was first come so off to the counter we went.  Service was great even on a busy Sunday afternoon.   I had the crab cake Benedict with scrambled eggs instead of poached, delicious. My husband had the cajun shrimp and grits, which he really enjoyed. We will definitely visit again.When food is so good there are no words. We shared everything and it was all pretty good except for the chicken and waffles. The lemonade is fresh squeezed and the berry lemonade had fresh cut berries not just syrup. The girls had soy vegan latte and raved about it. The seasonal pumpkin cheesecake french toast is worth the trip. I am so satisfied. I recommend a walk around the block if you et a chance. The neighborhood is amazing.O to the M to the G. I could not have had a more lovely brunch experience. I am not going to say it wasn't totally packed but we got coffee while we waited. They said 30 minutes and it was impressively...about 30 minutes. The coffee was like silk going down my throat and every molecule in my body happily took it in. We ordered and I decided to get the RED VELVET PANCAKES. Um, this was like a half a sheet cake of 3 fluffy pancakes with thick layers of mascarpone cheese in between them plus chocolate chips. It was a square from heaven. Seriously. I could only eat about 10 bites. I took the rest home and enjoyed it on no less than 6 separate occasions. Now if only they could make their kitchen sink item vegetarian...I called this my favorite philly breakfast spot but I would NOT say the same after today. I went in this morning Sunday May 14th, 2017 Mother's Day at 8AM hoping to get take out to bring home to my mother and family. I ordered 2 creme brulee french toasts, 1 pecan pie french toast, 1 kids french toast, 1 steak and eggs, 2 sides of bacon, 1 side of eggs and 1 creme brulee latte for just over $90. The manager who took my order at the bar was NOT very friendly or courteous when taking my order and gave me an especially hard time when ordering the kids french toast telling me I cant order it if I'm older than 12 but I have a 4 year old at home. When I asked how long the wait would be for the food he said 10-15 minutes but it took over 30 minutes. When I came in to check on the food after about 15 minutes i asked the girl behind the bar who was preparing coffees how long it would be for the food and she looked at me and completely ignored me and said nothing. Wow I thought this is not the customer service I am used to. So I left and came back another 15 minutes later and the manager told me it would be right up. I asked for silverware and some extra syrup since I got so much french toast. He checked the boxes before putting them in the bag which I appreciated except that when I got home one of the sides of bacon contained 3 pieces while the other box contained ONLY one slice of bacon. The syrup that he added to the bag was actually vanilla extract and it had spilled all over the food. I expect better customer service when I am paying over $90 for breakfast.Come hungry because the portions are generous. I ordered the Kitchen Sink. I couldn't believe my eyes when it arrived at the table. The menu description is spot-on. The food arrives quickly and is very fresh with a nice balance of distinctive flavors. I took the left-overs home and enjoyed five more meals for the rest of the week. Don't worry, this is a breakfast that will keep you contentedly going throughout the day even when it is sized down into a manageable portion.I'm glad to see I'm not the only one with mixed emotions when it comes to Green Eggs. I was really excited about this place opening up because it's in a great spot and its beautiful and sunny inside. My food is generally good, but my service has been less than stellar the three times I've been there. 
Food: The first time I went I got the kitchen sink. It was delicious. I will generally like anything with well-seasoned sausage gravy over it and this was no exception. It comes in a skillet and is visually appealing as well. 2nd trip got the eggs benedict which is a favorite of mine in life. This one was a little disappointing. My eggs were poached just how I like them, but the english muffin was soft and the hollandaise was weird. The hollandaise was at the same time too sweet and too salty. How does that happen? 3rd trip was the Quinoa porridge which I can't speak highly enough of. So flavorful, just the right amount of filling, the berries were perfect. Loved it. The coffee is decent, but the boy at the coffee counter is ALWAYS on his phone which drives me crazy. And always overfills the cups. I shouldn't get scaled getting coffee in a mug. I do really like that the sugar you're given is "raw" cube sugar. I personally hate the little packets, but hate white sugar more. 
Now service-it's meh every time. The first time I went the stickers were still on the bottom of our salt and pepper grinders which is gross and weird to me. I shouldn't have to peel the sticker off the bottom to be able to use them. I know you're new, but come on. Our server was nice but really nervous toward us. The third time I was there our server was nice, but too busy and I ran out of coffee. The second time I was there made me so angry I nearly left. I still kind of don't know why I didn't. I thought I was meeting one friend for brunch at noon on a Sunday. I figured there'd be a 15-20 min wait. It turned out I was meeting one friend and three of her friends. So alright, table for 5 on a Sunday there's going to be a wait. I get that. The hostess told us 20 mins, so we got coffee and got comfortable. We ended up waiting for an hour and 15 mins. That's just ridiculous in my opinion. Then when we finally got seated it was in the back room with a table of kids and parents from NJ next to us. And a bathroom in there. Want to ruin my brunch experience? Sit me next to kids. And after waiting for that long I was certainly less than happy. 
I really want to love Green Eggs, I really do. Aesthetically I love it. My food has been generally really good and always correct. But the service throws me off so much. I just think I shouldn't run out of coffee and that you should let me know if the wait is going to be an hour and 15 mins and let me decide if I'm staying or not. Don't keep telling me that I'm going to be sat in "just a minute" if I'm not going to be. 
"Meh. I've experienced better." is exactly how I feel.This was the worst brunch experience ever.
The food was served cold and too salty. The servers never checked on us and on the food or refill our glasses or make sure the food is good. 
After waiting 40 min to be seated and another 35 min to get a cold served food we had to hear from a rude manager (Gabrielle) that insisted that this was our problem since we ate the food instead of trying to fix the problem or take responsibility of the bad service and food. Never again.3.5 stars: the service was a bit slow compared to the other locations in the city. I tried the vegetarian Benedict II, buffalo chicken mac and cheese and the green machine smoothie. My favorite was the green machine smoothie. Mac and cheese had a strange taste and I didn't like the sauce they put on the Benedict plate.Fantastic eco decor. Service was attentive and polite - just the right level of friendliness and interaction.  And the food? AMAZING! I actually got the Smoked Lox Benedict (labeled as Atlantic in the photos accidentally though).  MMmmm they were generous with the Nova! Each bite was even better than the last.  The kitchen sink was an absolute stunner for me.  While it looked like one hot mess, it certainly tasted scrumptious.  When I come here again, I'm ordering the kitchen sink so I can indulge in it more! Breakfast is stellar here.  Give this place a try - it's a knock out.I lived around the corner a few years ago and constantly went for brunch and started to love it even more after I started working there and saw how well they treated me and fellow co-workers. I believe they change the menu seasonally but specials change every other week. Highly recommend grabbing an early seat as the place fills up fast.Came here today with a friend. We waited a while for a table, but for good reason. We ordered one savory and one sweet dish and shared both. The short rib Benedict was AMAZING! It was one of the best things I've probably ever eaten. Also, the crime brûlée French toast was delish. The service was friendly and the food exceptional. I can't wait to come back.I love that this place is in my neighborhood, but I think it needs some work for it to stay in the neighborhood.
Nice inside with cozy fireplace area. Staff is friendly and fast. 
Menu was disappointing. Driest turkey sandwich: stale bread, lacking flavorful bacon, schmear of pesto, and no mayo. Club sandwich was large enough, but it was not good. The sweet potato fries were greasy and soggy.
Our water glasses had soap scum and a mysterious chunk of something brown at the bottom beneath the ice. Scary. 
I'd go back to give this place another chance, but the dishes need a good scrubbing first.One choice item...
Creme' Brulee french toast 
 Eat here it is a definite win. Fresh tangerine juice, great service, and great food. Did I forget to mention Creme brulee french toast!!! Oh yeah baby take a bite of that goodness GRACIOUS  and tell me you didn't have a foodgasm!I definitely prefer the South Philly Green Eggs Cafe to the Washington Square West location. The service was SO much friendlier (& I didn't mind the tattooed Hottie McHotterson host who kept smiling at me one bit).
This may also be an upgrade because the Vegan French Toast SO much better than the Vegan Chicken Cheesesteak that I ordered at the other location. And the Hashbrowns w/ Rosemary, YUMMY!
The portion size was almost too much for me, but I ate it all anyway! My only gripe is that we paid $15 for a small carafe of orange juice. Yes, it was freshly squeezed, & yes, we can accept that that price might include a corking fee for our Prosecco, but it still seems a little excessive.
All in all, a great brunch. I'd go back!This place is so cute! I went here with five other people and we sat at a long wooden table in a quaint nook with green walls. The waitress was super friendly and our food came out fast. 
I was really tempted to try the pancakes --especially the red velvet -- but I went with the lox Benedict and a fruit cup. I was thrilled with my choice! The salmon was fresh and the eggs were prepared perfectly. All it needed was just a little hot sauce!There's a reason this place is packed for brunch. The food is excellent, big portions, and the staff was incredible. I expected a long wait, but we were seated after just a few minutes. Our waitress was attentive and friendly, and there was another waitress who checked on us more than once who wasn't even our waitress. One time with her tray FULL of drinks, she paused quickly at our table to ask us if we were doing ok, before unloading her gajillion drinks at the table behind us. Everyone was really great at their jobs. The food and drinks were really great, and I couldn't believe it all came out to around $40 for two people (with sides and two drinks each in addition to our brunch entrees.) I had the Eggs Benedict and home fries, with a side of mixed berries, and it was all delicious and HUGE. Very happy with my morning here.Favorite breakfast spot on Sunday mornings.  Everything is always fantastic, food, service & atmosphere.  The only problem is that I can't get here more often.Good Food, Bad Service ultimately leaves this place as a totally average, "probably-don't-need to-go-back" brunch spot. We arrived on Sunday morning with a few out of town friends and were told we could immediately be seated outside, which was awesome considering the line. It took a long time for someone to take our order and every time our waitress could be bothered to talk to us, it was with disdain and contempt. God forbid we ask for extra hollandaise sauce (which we did!) They served three of us and swore up and down that the fourth dish was on it's way out-- so we politely waited for our fourth dish to be served -- 15 minutes later our meals were cold and my husband was pretty  peeved. The servings were large and the food was tasty. The "kitchen sink" was pretty good, although the biscuit was dry. The veggie benedict was yummy- although as mentioned before, I wanted a little bit more hollandaise sauce than was given. This place shines on it menu and the execution of the food met expectations to an extent, but unfortunately, nothing truly blew us away. Also, it's cash only which is just kind of annoying.
Bottom Line: Give it a try and hope you don't have our waitress. Worth a try if its not your first choice, but not a primary go-to spot given Philly's growing list of breakfast winners.Slowest service I have ever had. I've been there 3-4 times before and had no issues previously. Today, everything was off. Quoted a 30-35 minute wait, was 50 minutes. Once seated, it took 14 minutes to get coffee. Our server came to the table 3 times in the over 1 hour at the table. Two entrees came out at once and the third entree didn't come because it was made incorrectly. We were told it would be a minute for the other entree to come while they fixed the mistake but it took 15 minutes. By the time the third entree came, the other two people were 75% through their meals. The server never even knew there was a problem ( the food runner fixed the problem), he never asked if everything was ok. When the manager eventually asked how everything was (the server still hasn't), i told him and he just gave an insincere sorry, saying "We're busy". It took another 15-18 minutes for the check after we were all done. My 15 year old actually said, "We're being held check hostage". 
All in all, not what I've come to expect here.Aside from always having to wait 45-60 minutes to be seated, this place is an awesome brunch spot. They are creative with their menu and have many options for vegan and meat eaters alike. I recommend the kitchen sink with the gravy on the side (you can control your likeliness to get a heart attack this way lol). Their creme brulee french toast is also a hit! You will wait a while but its worth it.Mmmmm I love this place!!!! Everything is reasonably priced, they always have yummy specials, and I love that they send you a text message when your table is ready. The food is consistent and really good!! I have to try the "kitchen sink" which seems to be the ultimate breakfast served in a skillet. 
Order the cheesy grits for the table...you won't regret it!!!!Second time here..i had the red velvet pancakes..great but i could of did without the cream filling in between them which is very heavy and i didnt understand the chocolate chip in the pancakes..i got my eggs over easy but they are cooked in oil so i didnt like that and they we're oddly wet. The scrapple I assume is homemade and its tasteless, I would of preferred the one from the package. My husband got the shrimp and grits skillet..he absolutely loved it. He did not favor the chicken sage sausage, which is also homemade..we expected links or patties? But it was a blob of blah...not appealin and it does not taste of sage or anything for that matter. Nutella latte taste like a regular latte nothing special, the peanut butter cup latte taste just like the nutella one..basic..and it wasn't hot. I didn't find out that the chocolate whip cream was out until i figured she made the wrong latte. It would been nice to find that out upon first ordering. It's pretty weird sitting at the counter. The waiters walk by back and forth with the most unpleasant looks on there face..usually when you lock eyes with someone you shoot a pleasant eye and smirk..but nope they looked liked they were thinking of a master plan to end the world..Idk it was kinda creepy...but all in all Chelsea was a good waiter. But she didn't ask me or my husband was we satified during our meal nor when my husband gave back the sausage that practically was the entire piece and didnt want to take it home same with my scrapple. I would go back. My first time was good..this time was ok maybe the third is the charm.Best breakfast in Philly, period.  Yes, I've tried them all.
The crème brulee French toast is life changing.  The omelets are some of the best you'll ever have, all ingredients are super fresh.  The coffee selection is awesome - espresso, cappuccino, Café Americano are all excellent.
I live 45 minutes outside the city and I'm here at least once per month. Its that good.  
Only downside, there's a pretty long wait on the weekends, so get there early for a quick seating.
Also - make sure you go to the Dickinson location.  I've been to the one on 13th and it's a mere mortal by comparison...Great service and great food! The servers and host were very accommodating and very quick to get us anything we needed. Everyone was very friendly as well!Nice brunch place. The "Kitchen Sink" was too much potatoes and after a quarter of the way through it, it just tasted like cardboard. The steak, I heard, was exquisite.Great Brunch Locale, but make sure you sign in on their waiting list first timers!  I love their tea (so good) and their funny waitstaff.  Their food, all around, is very good and I can't go wrong taking a friend there or suggesting it as a meet up (I know it will have something to suit my vegetarian friends too).Just like the caption says when i pressed the one-star button: Eek! Methinks not!
Terrible service, rude, cold coffee, greasy meals and attitude from the manager when I complained about it.
Not worth it. Average food, overpriced and service with an attitude. Never again.Green Eggs Cafe has seriously good brunch. We were there last november and had to wait outside in the cold due to the lack of proper waiting area inside, but the food was amazing and we are willing to go and wait again in the cold!
We had the short rib benedict (flavorful and the braised short rib was not dry!), the creme brulee french toast (so good!!! I'm definitely ordering this again), and a side of bacon-jalapeno mac & cheese ($5 well spent!)
Too bad we don't live in the area and can't be regulars, but we know where we'll be going for brunch whenev we visit philly!Local and fresh! This place is located between residents so parking was not easy and seating was about 10 minutes. However, the food was on point! The chicken and waffle had me flying off my seat - sweet and crispy - You get the point - Phili best breakfast spot! Especially when the fruits and juice are fresh :). Lastly leave your credit card at home because they only accept cashAvoid this place. Nothing positive to say here. The food was terrible and covered in grease, the customer service and manager were unhelpful, there is no decor, and it's loud and cash only. 
Sorry this place is taking up such a great location in the neighborhood.Shamelessly came to Green Eggs twice this weekend -- once with my mom & once with my boyfriend. We ordered the steak & eggs, chocolate chip Belgian waffle & banana French toast all of which were absolutely incredible. To no one's surprise, it was super packed both times but somehow we managed to be seated within 10-15 minutes. What sets this new Brewerytown location apart from the one in northern liberties is there's a little entryway with a generous amount of standing room. This may seem unnecessary to comment on BUT it was cold & rainy this morning & because of this little entry way we were able to wait inside until our table was ready. 5 stars!Went in for Lunch. Service was slow although there were staff milling about. My $14 breakfast burrito was tiny and tasted... off. My husband was served a plate of food with hair hanging off it. Maybe they are working out some kinks? Either way, I'm not going to try again. Next time I want a small ok-ish burrito I will get a frozen jawn from the grocery store and microwave it at home.Staff was sweet, service was fast & food was delicious! I can see why they usually attract large crowds. Came in on a Tuesday morning & was seated immediately. 
I got the shrimp & grits , and my guest and I shared the creme brulee french toast. It wasn't too sweet or too heavy - just right!
When in Philly again we'll definitely visit again. Overall great experience.My sisters and I live a few blocks away so it was just easier to give this new Green Eggs location a try rather than driving down to 2nd St. Tuesday afternoon seated immediately, server was very pleasant. Although it wasn't crowded it took quite awhile for our food to arrive. Steak ordered "medium well", was "well", the tofu scramble was pretty good but the potatoes had zero flavor. My other sister enjoyed her red velvet pancakes. Problems with the ATM machine, asked for the manager twice he finally came over about 20 mins later with an attitude. I love good food and especially spots that have vegan, vegetarian options but I'm so over the hype of Green Eggs. Hopefully others will enjoy this addition to our area.This place came highly recommended by friends of mine who live in the Philly area. I loved the menu because it had a very good variety of food and was very vegetarian/vegan friendly. I gave the Deep Fried Oreo French Toast a try and it was amazing! I only regret getting it for breakfast because it was honestly just more of a desert to me, but it was still good. I can't wait to visit again so I can try all of their many other options!It is mind boggling to me that this place is always so crowded on the weekends considering how awful their service is. The first time I went, the vegan pecan cinnamon toast was pretty good, although the tofu scramble was meh. But I left content. The second time I went, the server showed us a table after we waited for 10 minutes, despite the fact that it was a weekday morning and there was practically nobody there. Then the server did not come tend to us for another 20 minutes. We got up and left. No one noticed.Love the Green Eggs restaurants. So when they decided to open one closer to my hood I was excited! They had a neat balloon setup. Definitely phenomenal coffee.. because it's La Colombe. Still a little pricey. But always a solid brunch choice.Visiting friends in Philly for the weekend. They took us to this restaurant and I would definitely go back. I got the chorizo Benedict and my husband created his own French toast with cinnamon apples. The portions are huge here! Definitely enough for 2 people to split one meal. We arrived right when they opened at 8. There was a line to get in. But we got a table pretty quickly. The service was fast and easy. Also recommend the Nutella latte! Also cool place bc they serve breakfast and lunch all day.The food was delicious but the place is very noisy , they should just turn off the music because it just contributes to the noise. The blender is so loud you can hear it all the way to the last table. But my short rib eggs Benedict was delicious and my friends avacodo Benedict was just as good. All the food coming out of the kitchen looked beautiful.Went for a late brunch on Sun with a group of 5. Wasn't crowded but waited awhile for someone to move tables together. Ordered coffee and waitress never came back to refill after asking 3 times. We did get it after our meal was finished and of course charged ‍Big portions if you like a ton of potatoes that you have to cut up yourself. Did I mention the infestation of fruit flies we fought throughout our entire meal. Exhausting experience and won't be back to the Girard Ave locationEverything about our experience was horrible from the wait in the little tiny front hallway which was not air-conditioned to the actual service and food. Our food was simple just eggs, toast and potatoes the eggs came out completely wrong we asked for them lightly cooked they were horrible and well well done the server just dropped them at our table and walked away we had to flag down the server to ask for the eggs to be done again when they were done again they were wrong at that point we wanted to give up the potatoes were so overcooked they were hard Little Rock's neither one of us ate any of our food. We asked for a manager the manager came over tried to make excuses for the way the food was prepared which was ridiculous on her part you can't make an excuse for potatoes that are clearly over cooked eggs that were clearly overcooked twice there's no excuse for that if you're running a restaurant. The bill was over $40 for two eggs breakfast two coffees an a tea , extremely overpriced which we paid but will never go again.Great food, huge portions. Awesome addition to a growing neighborhood and Girard Ave.If you are looking for the worst place to have brunch on Saturday and would like your day started off on a bad note, by all means go to Green Eggs. If you, like me value your time, money and treatment, you'll stay far away. This place is utterly terrible! The staff is very rude, hostess seats people who walk after you before you, they will not but anything on the side (either it's included or excludes) and your food might not come they way you asked for it (I.e wrong breakfast meat in omelette, burnt French toast etc.) There are so many cleaner and friendlier establishments to eat at.The food is good, ordered fried chicken and waffles Benedict. But please fix your ATM machine, which charged me twice of transaction fee, so  dumb! Would not come back again for a cash-only store with a terrible ATM machine!The wait is worth the amazing food. The French toast was a favorite. It's BYO and cash only with an ATM with a $0.99 transaction fee.Mess up on my order but thanks to the nice manager, she kindly fix my order. Also the location so nice and clean.We are so excited to get an all-day brunch place in the neighborhood. The cafe was packed on opening day. The staff seemed a little overwhelmed, but had good customer service. We ordered the Kitchen Sink and the Chicken and Waffles Benedict. Both were very good, large portion sizes. Could maybe use a little more seasoning, but we were impressed considering it was their first day open and the number of customers they were serving. Will definitely be coming back!Staff was very friendly, but I think we only saw our server twice. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles Benedict, and there was not enough hollandaise. Asked for more sauce, never got it. Which would've been fine but one of the eggs was completely overpoached so there wasn't much yolk to use as sauce. I was excited to try this location but I'm sad to see that it was a similar experience from when I visited one of the other locations in terms of food.This was my first time here and my experience was horrible. We waited in the hallway forever. The food was ok. I ordered the eggs, potatoes and meat order with vegan patties and velvet pancakes. The egg serving was too much, too little potatoes and they were hard, and my vegan patties were dark, so I asked for another one and they were dark too.  (They eggs were good tho) The male server was awesome however the service here sucks. This location is understaffed and manager (waitress) is a piece of work. The female server is condescending rude and the manager is rude too. I shouldn't have to argue about a "miscommunication problem on the servers behalf" then she's starting to me about a "disclaimer on the menu" and this isn't "Olive Garden" referring to a discrepancy on my bill. Then assuming that I'm taking home.... instead of asking.  And she also was yelling to my Muslim friend about Apple juice in her smoothie. That's some ignorant stuff to say someone who's spending thier money. Y'all need to get rid of her.  I won't be back at this location. Ever. The manager lacks diversity training, she was talking to me as if I stole something and female server needs to work on their cs skills.So yum. The portions are huge and you can have breakfast twice in a day. The prices are worth what you get, plus breakfast everywhere is this much now so just eat it and be happy. Their plants are cute too.Check your receipt. Green eggs has really expanded recently... decided to check out their new location on Girard... left disappointed by change in the quality of food overall... ordered chicken waffles but they've definitely changed this item not nearly as good as b4 
Main reason for this low review though was they added some mysterious service charge to the bill... when I asked about it they were like "oh that's just the tip" ??? How do you  auto charge the tip for a party of THREE??? Not to mention they still had the suggested tip amount on the bottom of the receipt. So if I hadnt asked or checked the bill I would have tipped 2x?? 
SHADY. SHADY SHADY. 
My advice. Check the bill. Don't get scammed.I've been to multiple Green Eggs locations, and the food is always great. I've gotten sweet and savory options, but my two favorites are the Creme Brulee French Toast and the Chicken and Waffles. The portions are pretty big - I've never finished my whole plate and usually end up with enough to take home and eat later.
All of them are cash only, so make sure you're prepared. There's an ATM there, but I'm not sure what the fees are like.
This location is good if it's not packed, but I've been twice during crowded times, and we ended up sitting at tables VERY close to other people. It ends up getting pretty loud, and it's hard to have a conversation with the person next to you.
Other than that, I've always had enjoyable experiences here.Great vibe and impressively open and spacious restaurant. I like the big floor.
But they got some kinks to work out, but the product itself can probably only go to three stars or so. The servers are a little anxious and they tend to "overserve," but they seem earnest and want to do the right thing (I asked three people before I got my Splenda though). My friend got interrupted at least three times by a server asking him if he was done. He wasn't.
The portions are very large, and priced appropriately as such. Home fries, chicken and waffles benedict is what I ordered and it's a ton of food. Couldn't finish it. But even so, the quantity doesn't match the quality. A lot of OK food isn't really great or motivating. Too many peppers and onions vs. potatoes in the house potatoes; waffle was a little dry, chicken may have benefited from a longer brine or a gentler cook.
For my money, I think I'll preference Sunnyside Diner across the street.Got seated immediately when coming in which was great. However, waited over 15 minutes for anyone to come over and greet us if we wanted water and were ready to order even .... there were only 2 of us, so not even a large party. No apology either for us being forgotten at our table. 
There are plenty of other recommendations and locations that you can go to in the city. I have never had an issue at the other green eggs locations, just this one unfortunately.This is the second time going to this Green Eggs location.  The wait wasnt too bad (less than 10 minutes).  The service was mediocre.  They took about 10 minutes to greet us after we sat down.  
So the stars are really for the food which was above average.  While people have complained that there should be more shrimp, the actual flavors in the dish were quite good.  The chicken and waffles Benedict was excellent. The bacon looked odd but tasted great.  The smoothie was good but probably wouldn't order it again. 
Still the best Sunday breakfast place in Brewerytown but there's room for improvement.CASH ONLY! They do have an ATM where you could only take $20 bills out.
Visited on a Tuesday afternoon at 2pm and the place had a chill vibe to it. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Inside was very clean and it did not smell like a typical restaurant which was really nice. Parking can be tricky, however there are a few streets nearby that offer free parking.
Given that this place has been recommended so many times and seen so many great photos, I was expecting my food taste as good as it looked online. The food tasted ok. For sure not the best chicken and waffles I've ever tried. 
I would love to come back and give this place another chance so I could give this place the 5 stars that I was anticipating to give.Omg. Yum!!  I love when, as a vegetarian, I can go somewhere and eat without a problem. Green Eggs did that for me. EnjoyI found this gem from a Twitter post and I must say I'm glad. My boyfriend and I tried a few items off the menu and there was no disappointment. I had their speciality item, the kitchen sink, with a name like that I had to try it and I must say I highly recommend it; without spoiling what's inside just know there's plenty for leftovers. My boyfriend had what I think was roast was well cooked but his eggs weren't properly poached. 
Now, while the food was good the service was on the questionable side, it was hard to get a waiter to pay but it was understandable with a pandemic happening. Will defiantly be back.I went back a few months later; this time ordering the lox pastrami benedict and it was a mess. The potatoes are underseasoned, overcooked, not crispy; and the benedict was sodden without much texture. I'm not sure I'll be back, to be honest. It's a shame too, because at this price point, the food should be much better. I can't recommend this spot, as much as I want to.Crazy good food!  Even more insane portion sizes.  Love that it is byob, makes for fun mimosa breakfast with friends.  Go early (before 10 am on weekends and holidays) if you don't like standing in line.  
I have been several times and the service is always attentive and thorough.  Lots of options for many different tastes and preferences ( vegan bs meat lovers).  No complaints on my carnivore end.  My only issue is I can never eat the whole meal. My husband, on the other hand, always finishes his meal!  He loves it too!Great service, great atmosphere ok tasting food. They have many food choices for all choices of life to taste. With great portions that compliments the decor.  I had the tofu scramble (great) with over cooked home fries  and cold rye toast. One of my brothers decided on a vegan bean burger and the other two went with pancakes and french toast. Let's just say I was in there plates more then mines. With all that said I'm willing to go back to this spot and try another dish off the menu. Maybe my experience will be better at another location or maybe I'm to picky.... nahhhhFood was bomb 
Chorizo Benedict had guac and homemade jalapeño corn cakes. Salty, savory and perfectly balanced. Paired well with the rosemary roasted potatoes. 
Their oatmeal was mind blowing. Warm creamy oat meal topped with a brown sugar crunch and a scoop of ice cream. Really a brilliant combo. Got fruit on the side and tossed some strawberries and blueberries into the oatmeal. Added a touch of freshness and color 
Only con is a little on the pricey side. Avocado toast sandwich was $14. 
Went for Sunday morning brunch around 11am and waited 20 mins for table for 2. 
CASH ONLY.Horrible service. The weird ass manager is dumb as fuck. I've been to green eggs countless times!!! My waffle came out hard, my potatoes came out burnt, lime super burnt! Why were those potatoes even on my plate? When  i told them about it they brought me wet potatoes! I picked through the entire plate because it was disgusting. Barely touched! And when i asked her to take it off my bill, she said "the plate was eaten" my waitress was nice but because of her rude ass manager with all that dumb ass make up on her face, she didn't get a tip! 
Word of advice, when a customer says they're not satisfied, and you can clearly see the plate is still full, you do what you can to make them happy! I literally took one bite of the waffle and she said the plate was eaten.. never going to this location again!The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly
The Good:
Service - You will never find a more polite and upbeat staff. From host to server. The food was delivered in a timely manner. Quick and easy.
Menu - A collection of various and elaborately created breakfast food from shrimp and grits to vegan options.
Portion Size: Huge! Delicious portions that I took home for the next day.
Music: Throwbacks which I absolutely loved. There is nothing better than eating and Asian Shrimp Benedict with Back Street Boys playing in the background.
The Bad:
Cash Only: This isn't necessarily a make or break for me especially since they have an ATM in the restaurant
Ambiance: This is a small quaint restaurant and sadly while eating you can hear the very loud kitchen
The Ugly:
Nothing
Advise:
Parking - Meter parking outside the restaurant, but if you go from 29th to 31st of Girard Ave it is free parking!
Bring Cash!My go-to breakfast spot in Philadelphia! Love the outdoor seating opportunity -- makes me feel safe while still being able to enjoy my friend's company! Delicious food and great service.This is my favorite brunch place in Philly. Whenever I'm here i make it my business to come here. This time i  lucked out and had one right across the street from my Airbnb. Score! We went on a Saturday morning. Got seated immediately (that never happens.). It was pretty packed for a snowy Saturday. We sat down and the waiters weren't that great but whatever. Lol. We ordered the creame Brulee French Toast, AMAZING!!!  The thick cut bacon (best bacon in the world!!!) thick, yummy goodness. Lol. Also ordered the Short Rib Eggs Benedict with a side of grits. The grits here are amazing! Perfectly cheesy goodness. The portion sizes here are crazy!!! You get so much for what you pay for. Hands down the best brunch ! We also ordered a peach lemonade and a strawberry lemonade. Both were delicious. I will always recommend this place. This will always be a must have whenever i come to town. The absolute best. Period!!!!!They take the time to make quality and visually appealing good! The creme brûlée French toast is amazing and they have my favorite iced coffee in Philadelphia! Love this location!Horrendous service on a day when the restaurant was half full and there were three servers covering a total of eight tables. The food came out relatively quickly and wasn't bad (but also wasn't great) so it wasn't the kitchen staff's fault. It took 25min to get water and then we didn't see our server again for the entire 1hr 30min we were there.Terrible food terrible service. I was adamant about my food allergies and the hostess and waitress could've cared less. Don't waist your money, anyone can cook better eggs and bacon at home.Quarantine Post!
They do have spaces out outdoor seating. The area is a little bit dirty with random people hanging out and yelling in the streets but the service was great!! Friend and I chose this place because we were visiting the Museum of Art afterwards. The highly recommended item here is the red velvet pancakes but we were craving savory. 
Their ice tea is not too sweet and has a variety of flavors to choose from. I added a twist to my ice coffee instead of cream and sugar opted for some condensed milk.. super creamy! We got the short rib benedict and the chicken and waffles. Short rib was cooked very soft and paired well with the poached egg. The bottom was super soggy so gave not a great texture with the rib. The potatoes were paired well with some pepper and ketchup. The waffle was not as crispy as I would prefer and the chicken was a breast piece not too impressed with the seasoning. 
Really appreciated the service and the ability to dine outside as well. Will try the more popular dishes in the future!Probably the most massive french toast I've ever had. It was exceptional. Great service, amazing food. Sort of pricey but the sheer amount of food with each meal is worth while. If you have to wait for a table, do it. You won't be disappointed.Five stars for the food and one star for the experience. I realize Green Eggs Cafe is a beloved Philly brunch spot and the Brewerytown location is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood, but the visit fell short.
The space isn't huge. Keep in mind your whole party must be there to be seated. Because a few of us were late, we missed a table large enough for our group and had to stand around waiting for 25 minutes. Once a table large enough was ready, they were very slow to push it together.
Speaking of groups, 18% gratuity will be added to bills of $75 or more. I've never seen it done by check size vs group size. While our server was nice, she certainly was missing the extra incentive and hustle.
Now onto the good. The food was quite tasty. I went with the chicken and waffles Benedict since it was different. Jones and City Tap have better chicken and waffles, but everything together was delicious. With the pepper and onion potatoes, the portion was huge. 
Back to the bad. My friend ordered a burger medium well. It came out well done about 10 minutes after the rest of us got our food. It took longer for the server and the manager to come back to address it. They offered her a new one with an additional 20 minute wait time. There was somehow confusion and it never came. They took the burger off the check but there was still a $7.50 charge for the side salad. We asked for the manager again and he did remove it but was defensive.
I hope Green Eggs was just having a bad day because I really want to come back for more food.I tried so hard to overlook everything  that was wrong with my meal, I really did. This isn't my 1st time eating at Green Eggs Cafe but it is my 1st time visiting the Brewerytown location. The host is an absolute doll, Reuben you're the best. We sat for 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us and took our order. Then we ordered lattes and our meals. Everything that could be bad with my meal was. The hash brown in the short rib hash browns were ice cold which is odd
because they were near the base of the meal. Then my cremé bruleé french toast was stale. My son had the short rib sandwich which he says was good. I was so disappointed that I wasn't hungry anymore.The food is great but the service is terrible. The waiter was rushing my table the entire time and was clearly trying to get us out of the restaurant. The french toast I had was great but the service ruined the experience.I have been going to the Green Eggs franchise for years. Last Sunday was my third time at this particular location... and the experience was terrible. As with any Green Eggs Cafe, there is always a wait.... but the food is usually good. My friend and I get seated and we proceed to wait another 20-25 mins to get the attention of a waiter. We never got offered water. I should have listened earlier to the customer leaving the restaurant that stated that the food was terrible. I shrugged it off as maybe he was having a bad day. We finally place our orders, and I never though French Toast could be ruined, but I was proven wrong. Dried and stale, to say the least. I usually leave feeling full , and still having leftovers.... I left 50% of my meal behind. To top it off, the plates were dirty, remains of other food on the side of the plates . Unfortunately, I will not be back at this location.The food here is really good. Seriously good. But go to another location as the service at this one is terrible. The host was incredibly slow to seat people after tables opened up, for no reason that I was able to figure out. We were sat and waited and waited and waited for our server. 6 minutes pass we are sitting at the table not acknowledged at all. I had to go ask to host to let our server know we were there. She came over after that and got our food and drink order and we never saw her again. After finishing our food and someone clearing the plates away for us, we waited and waited and waited for our server to bring the check. I spotted her across the restaurant sitting at a table with two other people just chatting away. She was there for so long and wouldn't look over so I could try to get her attention. I eventually asked the host to bring me my check, which she did. Thank god I didn't need to wait for the server to run a CC or something, I could just leave the cash and leave. If I want some GEC I'll go to a different location for better service.Food was GOOD, SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. Waited 10 mins before we saw a server.  I asked for ice bucket for champagne was told " I'm gonna get all of that, I just got to your table " with a stern look.  One bottle bust  while opening it ( accidents happen ) was addressed by two staff members about it. Meanwhile we are embarrassed it even happened.  Was completely abandoned by the server once she took our order. No standard two bite check. Which was very much needed due to the fact my friend had a problem with his burger.   Never againI can't say enough about this place. It's a fave of mine! The fact that it's now closer to home, I would give them 10 stars if I could! I avoid the weekend crowd at all Green Eggs, so, in terms of the weekday service: A+. Food is always as expected, too. Love the Chicken and Waffles, but I get my eggs scrambled. Nonetheless, it's more than enough food for two meals. Pancakes, too!Initially, I was going to give these people grace and give them 3 stars because the staff was so nice! But here we go:
Great environment and nice staff. However, are food was mediocre at best. The scrambled eggs with cheese was pan fried with two pieces of cheese laid on top. Honey if you are from the south you know that is disrespectful lol. Overall great atmosphere, food needs improvement.
Now let's to what's important... customer service. Because without customers, no one would be employed. I think Green Eggs needs to fire the manage immediately. She has a piss poor attitude and very unprofessional. When we informed the staff about the food they were very apologetic and said they would take care of it. Then when the check comes, it was not corrected. We brought this to the waiters attention and they got the managers attention. She comes over and seemed like she was going to correct the situation. Nope, she tells me that she was unaware of anything that was sent back.  I wonder why? The entire time I was there she was at the register talking to staff and not doing anything manager-like. I informed her that I informed my waiter and that communication between staff is not my issue. She continues to make it known that she would not make the corrections as suggested because "that's the way our eggs are cooked". Mind you, I have not touched my eggs at ALL! We go back and forth for a moment and I had to end the conversation with " what I'm telling you is that I'm not paying for these eggs". She looked taken aback and said that " I will take it off today, but know that next time we won't be making any adjustments " and storms off with an attitude. Child, I am so happy to have kept my cool. Her poor behavior was laughable and disappointing at the same time. She is horrible for the Green Eggs Cafe brand and needs training or replacing.Every time I have come to Philly I stop here. The good is so great and good quality. Wonderful service and Sp tasteful.Visited philly for the first time in a long time and was super excited to give this place a try. Heard a lot of great things. My husband ordered the chicken and waffle eggs Benedict and I order the guacamole salsa eggs Benedict.  We also ordered a side of thick cut bacon and sausage. The sides were fine although a little overpriced for such small quantities but hey we were on vacation and didn't care. The main dishes while beautifully presented lacked any real flavor. Homefries were bland and didn't add much to the dish and they went way overboard with my guacamole dish. Sometimes less is more and that's what I felt. The guacamole ended up making the multigrain toast it was testing on mushy and inedible. The chicken portion on my husbands dish was soggy and poorly breaded and most people who love chicken and waffles expect to have some decent crunch in there. Unfortunately there was none to be found and we both just kinda left there unimpressed. However the the service was impeccable and I know this hasn't been the easiest times due to covid so we will def be back to hopefully take down this review and update it with a better one.Terrible service and management at this location. I suggest going elsewhere. We've been here before and it was good for the most part. The food has always been ok and the service sub-par, but at least the wait staff was friendly. 
Today, our waitress was flat out rude and ignored us, along with the other 2 tables she had. We weren't the only ones who had problems with her this morning either. My girlfriend ordered an iced coffee and asked for vanilla flavoring and milk on the side (how it came on our last visits). The waitress brought her something that was already mixed and was overly sugary. After not drinking it, she politely asked the waitress for the iced coffee with items on the side, as she ordered it, to which the waitress snapped and said "I'll have to ask the manager if I can give you another because we do not do refills/redos based on customers' taste." And then she said "that's how our iced lattes always come here." First off, we ordered an iced coffee, not a latte, AND told her this! Second, that's not even how a latte is made! 
This waitress clearly just did not listen to us, even after we politely brought up HER MISTAKE to her. Then she tries to blame it on us?! C'mon... And it wasn't even busy, she had 2 other tables. She ignored us throughout, never gave us refills on other drinks, AND MY COFFEE WAS COLD/ROOM TEMP when it first came out. She didn't pay attention to us until it was time to flip the table and hand me a bill. 
Cherry on top was the fact that she, and the manager whom she consulted with, had the nerve TO CHARGE US FOR 2 LATTES THAT WE NEVER ORDERED IN THE FIRST PLACE. I've waited tables for many years and worked in a number of different restaurants, and the quality of the waitstaff is always attributable to the quality of the management. The "manager" today, who looked like she just rolled out of bed and was inappropriately dressed even for a yoga class, should be ashamed. This is a spot with a lot of potential and good food, but awful management is holding it back from ever having satisfied customers. Take your business elsewhere.Horrible service.  Took 20 minutes to get greeted. Another 10 for water.  Server gave us attitude that we were ready to order our food.  After waiting 45 minutes to be seated, you should expect your guests to be ready to order.   Our server took our order and never came back up our table. Not once.  Not to check, not to refill, not to even give us our check. We had to ask another employee.    They add on gratuity after $70 so when you have a table of 4, the servers don't care.   They do the bare minimum, and I mean the actual minimum.    The food was good but overpriced.  We will NEVER be back.Came with a party of two for outdoor seating. My friend and I originally were seated at a shaded area but the host had to relocate us to a smaller table in the sun because he forgot that there was a larger party coming in. Okay, understandable I guess. 
First we order some coffee and it came without any straws. I got the Nutella latte which tasted nothing like "Nutella". Then we ordered the chicken waffles, fried chicken sandwich and the Banana French toast. Mind you, the Banana French Toast uses BANANA CHIPS as the topping with just very few actually bananas in between the layers. 
Waitress didn't offer water or anything. Food came out, tasted good (hints the 2 stars). Waitress barely stopped by our table to ask how we're doing and didn't even make eye contacts with us as she walked by. So we had to call her over ourselves to ask for some water and condiments. This place is understaffed, has poor management, lack good customer services, and just needs to train their staffs. 
And just an addition; our entire time there, one customer nearby was on the phone talking VERY loudly for almost 2 hours. Making our experience even worse.Waited in line to be seated outside for over 1.5 hours. I'm vegan. They ran out of vegan sausage. Hence why I came. Not sure if I'll be back.We stayed right across the street from Green Eggs and knew we wanted to do brunch there our first night in Philly. I ordered the Crab Cake Benedict with mixed berries and my boyfriend got the apple pie French toast with a side of bacon and mixed berries. The poached eggs were done perfectly and we both enjoyed our meals! For a drink we got the iced macchiato which was a sweet pick me up for our day. I'd love to try more of the menu upon returning. I'd definitely recommend this brunch spot as several things on the menu looked appetizing. Service, location and food were all great!I tried Green Eggs Cafe for the first time this past week. I had heard quite a bit and so I had very high expectations. Incredibly, it did not disappoint. The portion are sizable, and are more than enough for multiple folks to share. The drinks selection is phenomenal and creative - and I greatly enjoyed their oreo latte. I'm looking forward to going back soon.This was my first time coming to this location and I will never go back here. I understand that we're going through a challenging time and following safety procedures but they rush you to order immediately. Our waitress Madeline was so rude immediately. She took our order but was very short when we asked questions about something. As if we were bothering her. Then when my boyfriend finished his meal she immediately took it and came back with the check and said "whenever you're ready." I was no where near finishing my plate. It's not like there was a huge crowd outside waiting to be seated. So disappointed.My first time here and we had a reservation which was good because when we left the line was basically out the door. Before I get into the food I just want to say that the overall layout of the place was really aesthetically pleasing. Not too dark but not too bright inside either. I also like that you can see into where they're cooking I think that was their kitchen. Now for the food.
Chicken and Waffles Benedict: I never had chicken and waffles before so I have nothing to compare it to but I'll tell you this is probably my knew favorites. The waffle wasn't hard or soggy and the syrup was the perfect amount wasn't a lot on there but you could still taste it. The chicken wasn't hard either and once you got everything together for some reason the eggs benefit and hot sauce that was on top worked. The potatoes were cooked and not dry and the peppers and onions had that crunch because I don't like them overly cooked. And my latte was amazing.
Pancakes, grits and bacon: this was my cousins meal and I'm adding it because I ended up taking her grits. Their pancakes by the way are large squares so when you ask for them it's the silver dollar ones if you want them small like this. She said her bacon was delicious and so were the pancakes and grits.
We ended up taking the food home because we were super full, I ate the grits and left over potatoes the next day. My cousin also got a smoothie and a tip for ordering it if you want it super thick get it with the yogurt. Without its more on the thin side. But overall everything was delicious and our waitress was very nice and efficient. I can't wait to go backBreakfast fit for Kings and Queens. We ordered the Creme Brulee French Toast, Banana Foster French Toast, an omelette which we built to include: grilled chicken, turkey bacon, spinach, peppers, mushrooms with goat cheese on top. Although I did regret adding the goat cheese on top. I believe the omelet would have been better off with provolone cheese instead. The portions were large which made up for the high pricing. We cleaned our plates and can't wait to have more. Absolutely delicious. Gave them four stars because they only take cash which was a little inconvenient.I don't think I really need to say much here. Green Eggs is a staple of Philly breakfast culture boasting a delicious menu with items like their Creme Brûlée French which is sure to leave you satisfied. This CASH ONLY restaurant is always jumping so I recommend people trying to get there earlier versus later. 
Staff is awesome and are always happy to help guests pick a meal that matches what they are looking for the particular day.  
Huge fan. Will gladly be back again.Always packed. Usually a line outside to get in. Even during Covid. Haven't had a bad dish out of here yet. Great comfort food. Filling and they give you large portions.Could be a great location. The menu looks delicious and the space is cool. But the service is really not pulling it together. I've been there 3 times now and the wait staff has consistently been disorganized and the time to your first interaction with a server is just too long. It seems like the servers are all unsure of who should be doing what and no one is take clear ownership over tables. I keep expecting things to get better, but they still haven't found their stride yet.The service was fast! I barely had time to finish my coffee before our breakfast arrived. The staff were pleasant and responded well to any request. I will definitely return.Service is a bit ehhh, maybe from how busy it gets but the food is appealing and delicious.Still on the hunt to finding a good spot for brunch. Ugh.
Generally not even a big fan of Green Eggs Cafe to begin with because of the overratedness and price, but I thought we'd give this new location a try. 
Instant regret.
The line was out the door and it was pouring. Surprisingly though, we got seated in approximately 15 minutes.
What first came to my attention was that the decor was bland and the vibe was not inviting at all. Then as we sat down, the tables smelled of wet rag. Ew.
Looking at the menu, I forgot just how pricey Green Eggs could get. Almost $5 for extra meat?! Whatever.
I ordered the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend got the fried chicken and waffles eggs benedict.
We're familiar with the eggs benedict because we've tried that before at another location. Probably the best thing in our honest opinion. However, I wanted to try something new.
The portion for the shrimp and grits was HUGE. I mean, there were probably like 5 shrimps but the grits were overkill. It was very overwhelming after a few bites and I wished that they only did half grits and half home fries. The salsa did not go well with the shrimp and grits and eggs. Would not get this again. 
Fried chicken and waffles benedict was good as always.
Overall, meh. Not gonna come back.This place is a few blocks from where I live and a favorite brunch spot of my roommate and I. The outdoor seating is perfect and dog-friendly & the menu always had something for everybody.
The manager at this location (didn't catch his name) is AMAZING. He goes above and beyond to talk to and connect with each guest. When some fellow diners were rude to us, he and other staff members continually came by to check on us and brought out an order of the delicious red velvet pancakes.
HIGHLY recommend the creme brûlée French toast and red velvet pancakes. And you can't go wrong with the classic eggs, toast & breakfast potatoes, too!Cute little café vibe in a cool part of Philly. FYI: They are currently only seating people outside & serving food in to-go containers. This can be annoying to some, so it's an important mention.
Food: I ordered the Short Rib Omelet, which was good, but the short rib isn't cooked inside of the omelet; it's just placed on top. 
Drinks: They only serve juices & coffee drinks, but it is BYOB!
Staff: Friendly & accomodating
Parking: Street ParkingThis location seems to be better than others. It was nice on the Sat morning I went that we didn't have to wait at 10:30 AM. Always call ahead though, in case. All of the pancakes looked amazing. I didn't want the giant pancakes this time (although they're great) so I got the silver dollar pancakes that I didn't know existed. Six tiny pancakes that were the perfect amount. Got chocolate chips and strawberries!Green Eggsssss, where have you been all my life???!!!! 
Wow!! Just Wow!! I'm a huge traveler and a foodie so this place really amazed me. My friend is from Philly so she had been raving about this place and convinced me to give it a try. 
First things FIRST!! Bring your CASHHHHH!!! Lol it's Cash only but they do have an ATM available if you forget. 
The food item selections blew my mind. Each dish was so unique and full of its own flavors and style. I really had no choice but to order two meals and a side. Other wise I would never forgive myself. Lol. Make sure to try their French Toast! I got the "Pecan Pie French Toast" and it was delicious. Only thing missing was a scoop of vanilla ice cream, but that's because I'm a fat ass. It's also available in a vegan option, as well as other items on the menu, which is a nice option to have. 
The spot was super cozy and just the right size. Service was more than amazing. We were greeted right away and no wait time. I think it also depends on the day and time you choose to come because it does get super busy. But honestly, even if we had to wait, I would NOT mind at all. The FOOD IS SO WORTH THE WAIT!! 
Special thank you to the manager Tina who went above and beyond with her exceptional service and hard work. She also greets every table and makes her rounds to check in with everyone which really gives a phenomenal experience!!! I honestly can't wait to come back to Philly and try EVERYTHING ELSE ON THE MENU!!If you've read my reviews, you know I'm a Green Eggs fan.  The new Girard location brings more of the same, but it still has some kinks to iron out.
Pros:
Food as usual.  It's really incredible stuff.  High calorie but absurdly delicious and in some cases, straight up dessert for breakfast.  See my other reviews for more details.  At this location I tried:
The Kitchen Sink - an absurd biscuits, gravy, sausage AND MORE extravaganza.  I don't think you can eat it in one sitting and certainly you're not supposed to.  
Red Velvet Pancakes - pancakes, but really, just red velvet cake.  
Chorizo Eggs bene - delicious, but they forget the hollandaise.  The chorizo patties were on point and the right amount of spiciness. 
They have an amazing drink menu, including a variety of great coffee options.
The seating is comfortable and the restaurant is as inviting a place as most are for breakfast.  We arrived early and found the population to be a little sparse.
Cons:
I normally have great service, but on one particular occasion, I wanted to surprise my wife with breakfast in bed from her favorite spot, so I drove over to the Girard location and was greeted kinda poorly.  First, I tried to call in an order several days before hoping to get a jump start, but was told to just show up when they open to get takeout (fine).  
With a coffee cup in hand, we arrived promptly at 8am (slightly before) and were first told of a "no outside drink policy."  Understood, but we're just ordering takeout, which was (I guess) acceptable. So, we told the hostess about our plan and she sent us to the register.  The (I think) manager chimed in to advise us that we're welcome to wait, but they don't open for another 2 minutes.  
Right...2 minutes.  So we waited and then walked right over and placed our order.  Service after that was fine - just odd.  It wasn't a big deal, but I'm surprised as they're usually very friendly.  I get it - you don't want to open earlier than you open so people don't get a different impression, i just felt uncomfortable.  Food was otherwise delicious and the rest of the service was friendly and easy!
Conclusion:  It's Green Eggs, what could go wrong?  It's perhaps a big more family oriented in Brewerytown, but also a bit easier to snag a seat, so it might be worth the trip for you.  We'll still come back, but maybe we'll time it differently!I came here with the notion that there was a variety of vegan and gluten-free options, and in fact there was only a view options on the menu that could pass. So I decided to get two eggs sunny side up with rosemary potatoes. The waitress told me I'm only allow to get three eggs. Which I thought was ridiculous cause I only wanted two.
I expected my food to be delivered hot and fresh, what I got was a cold plate of eggs and potatoes. In addition they were soaked in oil (I don't recommend coming here if greasy food isn't your thing). 
My boyfriend's food was cold to the point he just decided not to eat it. The dine in was very disappointing being that they have decent reviews. When we finished our food we sat at the table for about two minutes and the waiter came and snatch the money right from under my boyfriends hand. It was as if they were rushing us out without evening taking the we ate food off the table first.
We were told that's the policy so be expected to get kicked out of your table as soon as you take that last bite of your food and show some money.Nothing better than pulling up to a run down neighborhood and seeing a newly constructed storefront shadowed by torn awnings and graffiti. With that being said this place was right where it belonged and did exactly what it was supposed to do... Satisfied a foodie and his compadres. Prices are awesome... who the hell wants to pay 10 dollars for a side of potato... I don't and that's why I love places like this. Not only that but the portion was huge. I got the creole shrimp and grits skillet which came in a 10 pound skillet PACKED with cheese grits and perfectly cooked little shrimps and a tiny bowl of creole veggies to stir in. My friend got the pecan banana French toast which looked like a cavity and stomach ache but the look of contentment on his face let me know he was happy with his decision. Their cheddar hash browns were killer and I suggest those. They have vegan and veggie options which is awesome. I will be back.This was a good time. Staff was friendly, accommodating and service was quick. 
It's cash only so that's a little weird in 2021. My short rib Benedict was underwhelming. The hashbrown was over cooked and the entire Benedict wasn't seasoned. But I had a good time and will return, but maybe get something different.This place always puts me in a food coma. I got two dishes the Irish French toast special and kitchen sink. Kitchen sink always fills my hearts desires everytime I get it. The Irish french toast was to DIE FOR, down to every detail it was delicious. I wish it wasn't for just a limited time.People often ask me, why do I like to run Half Marathons?
One reason is that, I like the breakfasts at Green Eggs!
May everyone love Half Marathons and breakfasts at Green Eggs!I recommend the french toast dishes!  lots of good eighties music!
The breakfast burrito is more of a vegetarian dish.Service was absolutely atrocious this afternoon at Green Eggs. I have never had a server be so absent and unfriendly in my life. Food is mediocre, but the overall experience was horrible.Waitress was very helpful. Food was good. Wait wasn't an extra long wait. They only accept cash. Overall would go again!I've been wanting to try this place forever! I had the French toast with bananas which was so good!! I also had a side order of eyes that were great too. I went around lunch time and it wasn't packed at all. Nice staff and beautiful restaurant. Check it out! They are cash only - they do have an ATM insideWhat a gem in Philadelphia!!! 
We went for Sunday brunch and were very impressed with the food and the service. We were a table of 8 people, so I was ready for delays in our order, but everything went smoothly. We did not have to wait long for our food and everything came to the table at the same time. Everything we ordered was excellent and extremely well plated. I highly recommend the Kitchen Sink or the French roasts stuffed with cookie dough. But my younger daughter absolutely loved the red velvet pancakes. There is something for everyone in the menu except for mimosas.Really good food here, the sauces are paired perfectly with the food. You can tell thought and care goes into making each dish. Everything I've had here is delicious. The salad with crispy chicken sandwich had great dressing on it.We came here while in Philly for vacation amid some terrific reviews. All the reviews were right! We loved everything about this brunch spot. They immediately sat us with seating only outside. The view isn't impressive with construction surrounding but the weather was nice and the music was great. 
This place is all about the aesetic with beautifuly presented drinks and food. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu which was helpful. Food delivery was slow but worth the wait. I got the Kichen Sink. It is quite literally huge. So Instagram ready too.  I would suggest sharing it amongst two people. It's huge!!! I also got the pumpkin bombon and Omgosh it was delightful and beautiful. The menu is a little pricy but it's honestly worth it. Highly reccomend.The location is clean, food was great, and service was efficient. The meals we ordered were both fantastic for brunch. Considering the place just opened it was great. However, there was one big issue. We were situated in the upper level along a corridor. The wait staff and food runners (not our waiter thankfully) had awful body odor. For a restaurant it was very unprofessional and seemed unsanitary. I've never had an issue like this at a restaurant before. Combined with the air tunnel effect of the corridor, I'd only recommend this location for the faint of smell for the time being...Went for the first time few days ago on a Sunday around 9:30am. No waiting. Was sat right away. Fast service. I always enjoy the food at green eggs. Usually I go to the one on 2nd st. But I like this one better because is newer and bigger. Service was really fast and it was all hands on deck for the servers which I was grateful because I didn't have to wait long for my food, for refills and for my check. It was about 10:30am as I was coming out of the restaurant and that's when I saw a line of people waiting. So as I always tell my husband, "breakfast on weekends is always better before 10am," no waiting in line. Was to relax and didn't feel like taking pictures for the review, lol.If I could eat breakfast here every morning I would! The creme brûlée French toast was so delicious that I crave it all the time! The chicken and waffles Benedict was the perfect combination of savory and sweet. The food was prepared quickly and we enjoyed a nice breakfast on the patio! We will definitely return when in Philly!Very large new branch located right in Center City. My food was pretty good, the hostess and bus staff were very friendly, and our waiter was okay. The best part about this branch of Green Eggs was there was no wait to sit down and after we ordered the food came out in less than five minutes. Remember they are cash only!Stopped here on a Saturday morning for brunch.   Had a short wait.   We ordered the French toast and Roasted red pepper eggs Benedict.   The eggs Benedict had amazing flavor...delicious!!   Coffee was hot and strong.   Definitely recommend checking out this place.I love the chicken and waffles Benedict. def a must try!
Food and service are always greatTo start off, I have been to the Green Eggs Cafe in Northern Liberties and the one on Walnut multiple times and have always had a wonderful experience there. Which is why I was surprised by the  terrible service my mom and I received today at brunch. 
The wait was about 45 minutes for a table for two, which is actually pretty quick considering how busy the restaurant was. The hostess was nice and organized. After being seated, we received our water and ordered. My mother ordered the tofu scramble and bacon because of the menu the scramble comes with meat or slices of avocado. After ordering, our server came back to us 5 minutes later to tell us her order doesn't come with meat (which was a lie). I wasn't too upset about that, but then we had a long wait for our food. At one point, another server came up to us and asked if we've gotten our food yet because we had been waiting there so long. Literally, 5 minutes later our food appeared. Still I wasn't frustrated, my food was good and I was having a nice conversation. 
The breaking point for me was 10 minutes after we received our food someone (not our server) looked me in the eye and gave us the check without saying anything. My mom and I were still eating and we didn't ask for the check. There was a long wait so maybe the restaurant was automatically dropping checks to everyone who was seated around the time that we were. The only issue was that the 4 tables around us were seated and received their food before us, but did not have their checks yet. I waited another 5 minutes, the tables around us had finished their food and were obviously looking around for their server but still no one dropped their checks. Our server never came back to our table after we received our check after she walked passed our table more than a few times. I wanted to order a drink to go, but our server never made eye contact with us again so that never happened. I even asked someone to got our server and instead took our money and walked away. 
Did I also mention that we were the only black people seated in that area and the people at the other 4 tables were white or white passing? Yeah, I don't know what's going on there but I don't appreciate it. If you want to be respected as a costumer and a human being, don't go to this Green Eggs Cafe location. I will also acknowledge the fact that our server could have just been awful and that the other staff might be amazing. Again, that was my first time at that location. However if you want consistently excellent service and food, go to the Northern Liberties and walnut street locations. 
Honestly, I hope everyone has a better experience there than I did!I love the service! The place is beautiful and aesthetic. The food is AMAZING! So is the coffee. I highly recommend this place! *cash only*Green Eggs Cafe is Phenomenal! 
Came here with a group of friends for brunch and the entire experience, beginning to end, was nothing short of impeccable. 
Our waiter was super accommodating and attentive - quickly taking our orders, bringing out beverages, following up, and even arranging for a specialty drink off the menu that someone in the group ordered. 
The food was delicious and beautifully presented. 
If you are into Bloody Mary's - their house mix is sooo good!! (take it from a certified BM snob)
FYI - the orders are very large so best to share with a friend!Solid brunch spot. I've been here a hundred times and the quality of service and food has never failed me. Can't say enough nice things about this place.I came here with my boyfriend around 10 on a Saturday. We were seated right away which was definitely a surprise (I've always tried to go to the other locations and have never been able to get in so I actually have never eaten at them still)
The back of this location is huge. I think they were a little understaffed so it took us 10 minutes to order our coffee. Then it took around another 15 minutes to put our food order in. We got our food at 10:50.. so it was definitely slow service.
Once our food actually came though it was great! My eggs Benedict was awesome and my boyfriends short rib Benedict was good too!
I will probably be back in a few months once they work out the kinks!I've eaten from Green eggs before, but due to covid I couldn't dine in this time. My coworker and I ordered via DoorDash as soon as they opened on Sunday, I had forgotten my food at home and was hungry. This was my first time getting delivery from them. It was everything it would of been in store minus the ambiance. I expected the portions to be less because hey it's take out, but nope their delivery was just the same. I had the kitchen sink and grits. The grits were so delicious I ate all of it at work. I brought home some of my "kitchen sink" to spilt with my daughter because it was too much for me to finish. Next time I'll order the grits and shrimp, this was my second time having the kitchen sink and it didn't let me down.Third time here, first time this location. Creme Brûlée French Toast and Creole Shrimp & Grits. Both very good. Second time having French Toast, first for shrimp and grits. I'd prefer this over the kitchen sink. Outdoor seating is currently available and pretty spacious.Came here while in philly in October. Heard good things about it but honestly did not enjoy it myself. Coffee which I live and breathe was so bad. I got a cappuccino and the milk tasted like it sat out for too long and had spoiled. My meal although very beautiful to the eye was okay and in fact felt wasteful. The portion could have literally feed four people. If I'd had known I definitely would not have ordered it. Overall left unsatisfied and disappointed.Went here this weekend. Service was good and the food was very delicious. This was our first time at this location and there was no wait time which was shocking given that the other location had a 45 minute wait. Over all me and my boyfriend was very satisfied!A friend of mine told me Green Eggs are arguably the beat brunch place in philly. Errrr no. The hostess is amazing and the menu looks great. There a so many items that I want from the menu and I tried really hard to narrow it down. 
Why 2 star? The menu is great but it's badly executed. We had short rib Benedict, short rib sandwich, French toast, pancakes for my little girl. None of them were great. The pancakes were warm at best. The French toast was paired with banana chips, not banana. Maybe it's a philly thing. But those things don't match. 
Terrible service. A few dishes arrived and when we asked about the last item, the bus boy looked really confused. He had to go check, ok. But didn't come back and told us what happened. Waiter took really long to come back and check on us. Pancakes arrived without syrup. 
Waiters don't have their mask on all the time. The bus boy just always have it under his nose. Our waiter had his pulled down when he talked to his customers. That totally defeat the whole purpose. 
We only had time for one meal in philly and I'm sorry that I wasted it here. Should have stick with my usual spot.We've been working our way through brunch offerings during COVID, and finally ordered from Green Eggs - which we have never been to in person because there's always a long wait! (Positive side of the pandemic? More delivery options?) I got the chicken & waffles benedict (really good!) and my partner got the kitchen sink (equally good!). We typically don't go sweet, but their salted caramel banana stuffed french toast has been whispering to me... may have to order again soon! 
Take home: great food, good prices, quick delivery. Another weekend brunch delivery success!Just opened, was looking for a place with some great breakfast options near our hotel while we were in town for a wedding. Once I saw grits on the menu we had to go! My bf ordered the pecan pie French toast and iced Oreo latte and I got the grits with a over medium eggs and iced Nutella latte. Grits came with a side of creole sauce which I didn't use it was good without it. We were seated quick and place is very clean and not as noisy for the big crowd that was there for breakfast.We went to the location on S 18th street, although the website doesn't list it as a location. It was super packed when we came for Sunday brunch, which doesn't bother me as I know good restaurants tend to have a longer wait, and it's usually worth it. We had an overall good experience. The Spanish fries that came with my Breakfast Burger were good. I heard the Kitchen Sink was a really good value for what you get, though a bit cheesy. The entire place has only two bathrooms (one single stall each) and there was usually a line whenever I looked, which might be something to note for those with small bladders.
Our biggest issue was with our communication with our server at the end. Since it's cash only, we had taken out money from the ATM to pay for our meal. For four people, it cost $62 and we handed our waitress $80, asking for change back. After 15 minutes, our waitress didn't come by our table with change and it seemed she was intentionally avoiding eye contact (I didn't notice this until my friend who paid at our table said something after 10 minutes of waiting). Finally I called her to our table and asked for change and she seemed annoyed she had to open the cash register to give us back money (as if we originally said she could keep what we handed her, then changed our mind). She also didn't seem surprised that we had asked for change; if she had misheard us originally I would have expected something like, "Oh! I'll be right back with that--I thought you had said you didn't want change, etc."
I wouldn't have minded giving a 29% tip since we had a nice lunch experience, but it's the principle of it that really matters...The food at who's place is amazingggggg . Best breakfast in philly thus far ! Huge portions great coffee awesome customer serviceGreen eggs was bomb I had the kitchen sink and it was massive! Flavorful and so savory. My friend had a chicken sandwich for brunch and we were in love! 
Service was not good though. Server was rude barely stopped at the table for check backs and seemed like he was unhappy to be there. When he came to our table he stared at us like we were supposed to greet him and we got hot tea and was never asked if we needed more hot water.....I could've did without him honestly....I don't even remember his name. But none the less the food was good. So I'll still give 5 stars. Just train your servers to understand that the experience helps make the food.My boyfriend and I came here once we found out that a Green Eggs Cafe had opened up near us. We had gone to the 13th street location before and were pleasantly surprised by how much more seating this new location had - this also meant that we were seated right away rather than waiting in line forever. 
My coffee never got cold because the waitress was constantly refilling our cups and my Benedict was delicious. My boyfriend also thoroughly enjoyed his breakfast burrito. The only slight disappointment was that my Benedict was on the cold side due to the guacamole and pepper combo being naturally cold. Regardless, I ate every last bite on the plate...will definitely be coming again! 
Also, just like the other location, bring cash.Outside seating is spacious and comfortable. We had the traditional eggs Benedict and the guac and peppers eggs Benedict. The traditional was good, yolk was slightly runnier than I prefer with not enough hollandaise. English muffins had good texture and held the meal together. Onions and peppers in the signature potatoes were soggy, potatoes were great. Guac and peppers eggs Benedict had almost too much guac and made the meal soggy. Mimosas were small and extremely strong. 
I wouldn't rush back to this place but would definitely have again.Love this place.  Don't go on a diet; I got the kitchen sink and was two meals for a growing guy like me.  Awesome place to go!!I highly recommend this place for a hearty breakfast.
I ate here with my girlfriend on Saturday at 11-ish.
Outdoor seating: a basic patio with tables, for 2, 4, 6.
Service: pretty good service, food came out fast, hot. Coffee was better than average. I would have appreciated a check-in from the waiter sooner (coffee refill).
Food: delicious, large portions. I got the omelette, loved it. She got the signature eggs & bacon. The potatoes are AWESOME.
Pro tip: it's tucked in behind the check in desk for the restaurant next door- Harpers Garden- but just walk through and go to the right!Kids menu is great here. French toast eggs are good options for the little ones. I highly recommend the breakfast burrito and any waffle they offer with fruit is good. Cash only BYOB. We will be back.Everything was delicious, but that Salted Caramel Banana Stuffed French toast was wild. Definitely worth checking out. Doin breakfast here everytime I'm in PhillySo much potential to be great but fall short. My girl had the Steak n Eggs. The steak was good. The potatoes had the right ingredients but not cooked enough. Not a lot of flavor either. I had the Regular French Toast and it was ok! Ordered a side of bacon and it had to be the worst bacon ever. No flavor whatsoever. Have to say the service was really good. An expensive breakfast and not worth it.Sunday brunch 3/21/21:
Service: 2 out of 10  waited 30 minutes seated at table before getting water and utensils. 20 minutes longer before order taken. 
Food: 5 out of 10 fair and over priced. 
You lost me, Green Eggs. Done.Such a neat spot! My husband, brother-in-law, and I all got variations of the French toast. We all really liked what we got and felt like the portion sizes were more than adequate. The service was really good and we were super impressed with how quickly the line to be seated was moving. Anyone in the area should definitely check this place out!Great service. Had my birthday brunch here. I didn't drink but my friend enjoyed his day drinking, chicken sandwich and omelet. This place is cash only. They serve a strong cup of coffee. Also, they automatically charge a 17% service fee. Which I would have liked to haven known ahead of time. I always tip 20+ % but if I wouldn't have noticed the "service fee" aka their 17% tip, I would have tipped on top of that. When asked about it, they sheepishly answered that the service fee was indeed their tip. 
Overall, I would come back again.The food was delicious. VERY large portions though- we should have split a meal. Our waiter was great, the hostess was rude (hence the star knock off). Ambiance was meh. We did all like our food.The best brunch spot in Philly! If you want good breakfast food this is the spot for you. The stuffed French toasts are amazingIf staff is brilliant on the basics even on a busy day like today, diners will most likely give 5 stars across the board as long as the service is above board and the food is good. We were told an hour wait for a party of five and decided to place a to go order. After placing the order we're told 25-30 minutes for pick up. Our food was ready a little over an hour after ordering. We didn't have a problem with that. We understand it being busy. For the record all of our meals were good. The lack of stars is due to our to go order not having any utensils, napkins or condiments. Also, the hostess not only gave us the wrong time to start with when we asked for updates she looked confused and flustered. While waiting for an update we also observed her allowing customers at the counter to wait while she put glasses and mugs away. That's fine but say something to them so they understand why they are waiting and don't feel ignored.The wait to be seated was pretty quick but it was also a Friday morning. You basically just tell the host the number in your party, which I can see getting a little confusing to see who came in first since you are not giving a name.
The food was pretty good, our only complaint was the hash browns weren't what we were expecting and didn't really enjoy the flavor. The caramel bombon latte was my highlight, definitely recommend!
Keep in mind that it is cash only, but they have an ATM at the front of the restaurant (requires a fee).I lucked out and got a table for 1 during rush hour in early August. I sat inside at a high top on the first floor but their garage doors were open so there was free flow of air. 
Food was phenomenal. I had the special blueberry lemon french toast, turkey bacon and a Creme brûlée latte. Everything was tasty. The french toast was out of this world. Lesson learned - I'll be getting the special next time I make it back to Philly. 
The service was great. She was busy but still attentive and went out of her way to get extra napkins and soda water for me when I spilled something on my blouse. Great experience overall!So happy to have Green Eggs cafe in Rittenhouse!! Right next to my house , I'm coming here ALL the time now. And it's nice that there's no wait here compared to every other location in Philly. 
Same exact great menu as every other location. My favorite is the creme brûlée French toast .. best French toast you'll ever eat in your life. PROMISE!
lately I've been ordering their savory egg dishes.. the kitchen sink is amazing and so is the shrimp & grits (pictured).  The lox egg Benedict is amazing and one of my favorites is the short rib Benedict. It's so delicious. All the food here is amazing, whiccb is why every location has long waits and they opened this new spot. Bravo chefs!
This Rittenhouse location  doesn't have a liquor license yet, so BYOB or just come for lunch break. 
There's not as much seating as other locations, I would hope they can add more tables downstairs but maybe as they get busier they will. The coffee bar is big so that's a nice change compared to other locations. 
Can't wait to come back already!Maaaaaaaaaaaaaan I feel like a 3 star review is pretty generous given my disappointment. Was definitely teetering on a 2. That said, this won't just be a bash session as there were some pros that I'll be sure to call out.
As a foodie (particularly one from the south) I was pretty surprised that I hadn't seen a chicken and waffle Benedict before because we brunch and brunch often! Needless to say I was super excited to try it. Now I don't like poached eggs and I always get mine fried over hard when I get benedicts. When requested the waiter stated that the chef is funny and my only options were poached or scrambled. WTH!? Ok np... Lemme get scrambled. 
The eggs were probably the best damn part. Waffle house has better darn waffles. That waffle was absolutely tasteless. Now for the chicken... It just wasn't good. Admittedly the spicy hollandaise 5hat they served it with on the side made it tolerable but fried chicken must be able to stand on its own and it just wasn't seasoned well. If I'm being honest the only thing that saved this from being a 2 star review was the fact that my creme brulee latte was pretty damn good. Also their grits were absolutely undeniable. Some of the best cheese grits I've ever had period.
Pros:
- They informed us that if we chose outside seating we couldn't move if it stared raining
- We were seated sooner than expected
- Waiter was right there with water as soon as we were seated
- Waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and helpful with our questioms
Cons:
Cash only - Not communicated upfront
18% tip of bills $50+ (no issue with this if the service isn't bad - which in my case it was not)
No splitting tabs - would never be an issue for me personally as I'd always with my wife but could be one for othersAmazing breakfast place.  Large selection of eggs, pancakes, waffles, etc.  and delicious coffee and smoothies.  Portions are LARGE.  definitely can share.The experience couldn't start any better. We got to the restaurant 10 minutes before opening, and the owner let us in early, so we didn't have to stay out in the cold. I was able to try two meals. 
The first meal I had was the short rib Benedict, and that was fantastic. It was savory; it was just excellent. My favorite part of that meal was the hashbrowns underneath the rib that gave it an extra salty taste.
The second meal I tried was the Cookie dough French toast. I took one bite of that, and I was like, "wow!" I really couldn't stop eating it. It was sweet but manageable. 
The service was outstanding, and I couldn't ask for a better breakfast. 
A couple of things you do need to be aware of are that they are a cash-only establishment. Also, they charge a service fee that I believe is not part of their tip.Portions are huge!! Nice open concept with beautiful decor. Wait staff was okay, didn't seem like any one person was in a particular section.Yum yum! But seriously, bring a big appetite! Or better yet share a meal with a partner. Also bring cash. This place does not accept cards. Apparently this is a Philly thing. Not a dealbreaker but just good to know ahead of time. We shared the kitchen sink and still couldn't finish it. A nearby table got the velvet pancakes. It looked more like a full size cake. Lol 
Would love to go back one day with a big appetite and/or ability to take leftovers with us. Also our server was a really nice guy. Great service. 5 stars all around.I was super excited to have breakfast with my daughter at Green Eggs as we talked about going there for awhile.   We were not bothered by waiting for a table as we knew this was the norm.  The menu is great and I am sure the food would have been much better if it was hot, or maybe even warm.  I ordered the short rib Benedict.  The cheddar hash browns were cold and hard.   The poached eggs were more like hard boiled eggs, completely solid. My daughter ordered the apple pie French toast which  had great taste.....but cold enough that even the whipped cream never melted. The waiter never asked once how the food was nor did he ask if we would like a refill on our coffee. When leaving the table we overheard another party close by complaining to the same waiter that their food was also cold.  I am not sure  if the cold food is the result of the kitchen or the waiter.  The hard eggs.....definitely a kitchen problem.  I would love to give Green Eggs another try sometime but honestly there are so many options in Philly we are doubtful to return.I think the staff was all new - service was average. The restaurant is cash only- but there is an ATM on premises. Portions were very generous but the food was average - no one came back to the table after the food was delivered, so we were unable to get additional water or coffee.
Large indoor area and additional outdoor seating availableWaiter took our orders impatiently.
I asked for coffee, he just walked away.
Never got our coffee.......
They are not that busy btw so really no excuses.
No one check on us after the kitchen staff send our food.
I usually do not NOT TIP. 
This is a tough one. ( I am writing this while I am still in the restaurant)
Food is good however.
We were charged for the coffee.
When I told my waiter. He said 'that is okay'.
I didn't understand how that is okay for him.
'Why was it okay?' I asked
BTW 
Tip is already included 
THATS WHY.
Waiter is Craig 
Not nice
Tried to argue with me.
Turned it around saying I am 'being aggressive'!
That is the line of defense.
Nice!
I will remember that!
I am only a customer.Breakfast was amazing, I ordered the 3 egg omelette with toast and home fries. I couldn't even finish it. The portions are large ,so be careful because you'll be over eating at this place  The service was great... definitely will come back to visit again.We were staying at the Motto and this was an easy walk. Very good coffee. Delicious breakfast. Wonderful staff. Highly recommended. 
FYI it is cash only.
It's not fancy at all but our food was excellent. We'll most certainly be back.Wow this place is incredible! I got the chicken and waffles eggs Benedict and it was awesome, I was afraid it would be difficult to eat but surprisingly was very manageable. I'm so bummed that I hadn't been to this place before today!! One of the best breakfast spots in Philly.Eat someplace else. This food was mediocre AT BEST. The Creme brûlée French Toast was the best of the three dishes we ordered and it arrived at our table looking like someone else's leftovers (see pic). My egg whites were brown and resembled burnt Popcorn (see pic). My husband ordered shrimp and grits and when I asked how it tasted, he said that it would keep him from going hungry but was far from tasty. His eggs also looked discolored and gross (see pic). The place opened promptly at 9:00, the coffee was hot, and the place was clean. Thus the 2 stars. .We were in Philly and heard about the French toast so had to try them before we left the city. 
French toast was delicious 
We ordered 
Bacon 
French toast 
Apple pie French toast 
Coffee 
Smoothie 
Did not like the interior space but the food was delicious.  Probably one of the best French toast I have ever had.Portions are soooooo big! Do not attempt to get single item by your self, better to share.I ordered a perfectly delightful S'mores Latte. I would order this again, as the regular coffee was just average. The Cookiedough French Toast I ordered was good, but very sweet, even for me. Also, it was cold. The bacon I ordered on the side was pretty good. 
My husband said that both the biscuit and the gravy in the Kitchen Sink didn't taste homemade. He wouldn't order it again.
On the positive side, there was plenty of outdoor seating, and was very dog friendly. They brought our pups ice water.To me, this is one of the ULTIMATE brunch experiences you can find in the city.
To start - their menu is HUGE. I would definitely advise looking at the menu ahead of time, and having some sort of game plan as you head in. 
They have unique concepts for their pancakes and french toast. Then of course, you could get eggs cooked any which way exists on the culinary planet. 
KEY NOTES - LONG LONG LONG LINE TO GET IN, and you cannot make reservations. So get there early to put your name in, and prepare to be patient. SECOND - this jawn is cash only, so don't slip out and have to pay a ridiculous ATM fee to cover the check. 
Your best bet here is to get at least both savory and sweet dish. I got a breakfast burrito and Salted Caramel Banana Stuffed French Toast. The portions are ridiculous - plenty to eat from (I over indulged,) but couldnt resist. 
If you havent hit this yet for take out or dining in (once COVID passes,) get it on your list!THE BEST PLACE EVER! Literally travel from NYC just for the delicious meals! Love love love it!You're going to want to strap on your fat pants before you eat at Green Eggs. This place is a Philly favorite for good reason. We stopped in for brunch before walking around to look at apartments. This proved to be a huge mistake as we were both fighting to stay awake during the food coma this meal gave us..
I got the party started with an Oreo Latte that came with whipped cream and like this oversized Oreo waffle thing. It was really good, although I'm not sure it actually contained any coffee.
Everything on the menu looked so good that we decided to split to entrees and get a side of scrapple (my favorite). The CookieDough Stuffed French Toast was so over the top that it would have been impossible not to try it. Much more similar to dessert than breakfast, I knew it would weigh me down but it was definitely worth it. We also tried the breakfast burrito, which was good but paled in comparison to French toast.
My only complaint about this place is that the atmosphere was kind of strange. The main dining room has cafeteria vibes. However, they get 5 stars (mainly for the French toast) and I will return to Green Eggs but perhaps a different location. Even the scrapple was cooked to perfection.
Do yourself a favor: take the day off and plan to nap after trying this place. Maybe grab some insulin on the way home..Just what we wanted! High suggest the chicken and waffles. The presentation was spot on, topped with two perfectly cooked eggs. The tofu scramble needed a hint of salt or hot sauce but otherwise, a great option for vegans and vegetarians. Ate outside. It was kind of chilly out but totally worth it. 
Will definitely be back. Thanks for the great eats, guys!Green Eggs has a great atmosphere. It has been years since I first went to the location in Northern Liberties. 
This past weekend (August 2021), I went to their location on S 18th. As always, the food was exceptional. The steak and eggs was a good choice and a good value for the food.  Overall the food was good. 
On the other hand, I was surprised to see that this location charged for refills on iced tea. At no point was I told there would be a charge for the refill nor did the menu indicate this. All this to say - if you get iced tea, understand that refills are not free.This place is worth the 45 minutes wait and rude service if you enjoy Instagram photos of the food and taking 3 bites of it. Also waited the 45 minutes to sit down at the table to just then be told it's cash only. Maybe a better hostess could of told us that.WOW. I'm from Seattle where there's plenty of good brunch places and this was still hands down the best brunch I've ever had. I got the creme brûlée French toast and my partner got the short rib Benedict - both were incredible and so rich and indulgent. We also got a side biscuit and gravy - the biscuit wasn't anything to write home about but the gravy was delicious. So happy we stumbled across this place, I wish we had one in Seattle!!It was a beautiful Monday morning so my son and I walked from his place to Green Eggs Cafe for breakfast. They open rather late for breakfast-9 am-but that was fine. They have a nice outdoor seating area and large inside dining room. We chose an outside table. All tables have umbrellas. The menu is very creative. They have many cool coffee drinks, however, they couldn't make any in decaf. Bummer for those of us who love coffee but are sensitive to caffeine. I had a plain decaf coffee and it was delicious, though. I got the chicken and waffle Benedict. It was excellent, a thick waffle with a chicken cutlet, topped with two perfectly poached eggs and extremely tasty hollandaise sauce. My son had the Kitchen Sink, a skillet filled with eggs, sausage, cheese, potatoes, veggies, topped with a giant biscuit and sausage gravy. Ooh la la!! At another visit, he had the short rib Benedict and loved it. The service was very good. Caution, they are cash only! They do have an ATM inside with a 99-cent fee. I would definitely eat here again!An absolutely delicious brunch option! I'm so glad that Green Eggs Cafe has opened their next location in Center City. This location is spacious both inside and out with outdoor seating along a patio. 
Brunch favs:
-red velvet pancakes! Humongous portions and so much whipped cream!
-the kitchen sink- decadent, rich, and delicious!
-buttermilk pancakes - amazing and huge!
-omelettes!
A little lacking:
-chicken and waffles. Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by southern chicken n waffles several years of my life but these just weren't anything special!
The service there is great consistently. Will be back!We had to wait for a while but it was DEFINITELY worth it. Portions are huge and presentation is gorgeous. The place was relatively busy but the service was great. They also have a kids menu with gigantic portions (one kid's meal is enough for two kids if they're 7yo or less) I actually had to double check that the meal set in front of my 7 year old was actually a kid's meal!
Love a place that's child friendly and serves delicious food. I look forward to going back.Chicken and waffles were delish. Also the French toast was also yum. Everything else at our table looked amazing. They seated us right away.Wow this food was so good I didn't realize that I was going to finish my entire plate of steak and eggs as soon as I sat down but upon looking at it see pictures it was over my plate was cleaned effectively. The steak itself was very soft and flavorful and the rye toast was a great combination with the eggs and spinach. I was also pleasantly surprised at the tiramisu French toast this was an absolute gem to eat and it was the right amount of creamy coffee flavor and deliciousness. Bring cash.Visited a friend for the weekend and she explained how this is a popular place.
Strawberry French toast 6/10
Cheese hash browns- 3/10- the hash-brown were cold and tasted like it was left over from the day before.
Bacon 5/10- lukewarm
The kitchen- 6/10
Chicken and waffle with aide fruit 5/10
This location doesn't service alcohol. Yikes!
 The customer service and social distance 6/10
I would've rather went to Waffle House!#JustbeinghonestThis is where we first decided to try Scrapple. PA is the place to eat this regional dish. At a previous restaurant, our waitress had said she did not like it and it was a LOVE or HATE dish. Scrapple is a Pennsylvania Dutch food that is made with pork scraps, trimmings, and other "throw-away" parts. It is ground up and mixed with cornmeal or buckwheat flour and seasoned. Dan, our waiter was great! He told us about scrapple and made sure we could eat pork. I was dreading eating the scrapple, but it was actually not bad. It definitely has a pork taste, and the exterior is fried and crispy. The inside was tender. It has a consistency of a cross between a salmon croquette and spam patty. It probably wouldn't be my first choice of things to order but it was better than I expected. 
We ordered Lox and Bagel (you have your choice of bagels), Breakfast burrito, and coffee. We got our order and everything was really tasty. My "everything" bagel was fresh and delicious, and the smoked salmon was clean and deliciously smoked. The burrito was filled with egg, pork chorizo, onions, peppers, cheese on a habanero tortilla. It came placed on a black bean sauce. Hubby loved it. This was one of my hubby's favorite breakfast place 10 days into our 16-day driving trip. Total $41 before tip.Came here for a friend's birthday brunch. Inside was clean and nice but the not the typical "cute" kind of brunch setting if that's what you're looking for. Looks a bit like a cafeteria inside. Make sure you come ready to wait - I came with a party of 7 and was waiting for almost an hour.
I ordered the chicken and waffles Benedict. The potatoes were the best part - skin was crispy and the veggies mixed in were refreshing. Waffle was a dry.
I also tried the red velvet pancakes, which tasted more like cake than pancakes but were still quite good. I would definitely recommend you order the pancakes for the table though because it's way too big for 2, maybe even 3 people to finish.Saturday + Halloween + Crowded = mediocre (almost nonexsitent) service
We waited for about 20 minutes which wasn't bad. The hostess kept us informed and many staffers were dressed in costumes.  We were seated in the back and was told they only accept cash (I thought that was weird but they did have a ATM)  While we reviewed our menus, I noticed customers walking around without masks. The staff did not enforce mask be wron when away from the table and did not provide hand sanitizer nor hand wipes.  The waiters mainly only wore cloth masks.  Our waitress made my experience undesirable.  The only time she was at our table was to take our order,  after that she never returned to check on us. Never asked if we wanted refills or more to drink. Never asked how our food was, if she did I would have told her my steak & eggs were cold.  I was unable to eat it at the resturant but I heated it up later and it tasted okay (not great)  We literally had to get her attention just to get our check.
I could tell alot of locals come here for brunch (there were a few birthday groups and other large  groups)   but I have been to better breakfast and brunch spots.  I will not return.Amazing breakfast. Huge portions. Really different choices, like red velvet pancakes with chantilly cream, berries and more inside. It's huge so plan to share with more than one friend. Service was pleasant and efficient. Nice change of pace for a popular breakfast place. They don't take reservations so get there early when they open at 9am.Lovely environment and great food. However, the attitude of the hostess was upsetting. I arrived 15 minutes before my friend and hoped to enjoy a cup of coffee on the peaceful, almost empty, outdoor patio before he arrived. I made the mistake of asking for a table for two. I was told that I would not be seated until my companion arrived. I was told that if I wanted coffee, I could sit  at bar. Several parties of one were seated so I again asked to be seated. I was told that if I was seated my friend couldn't join me since I had asked for a table for two, not for one, and if I sat down it would be a table for one.   I am a sweet old lady who has trouble standing. I know that I could have pushed it and just sat down but the day was too nice to get into a fight so I waited, standing and leaning against the wall.  It was pretty clear to me that the hostess was just following orders.
Sent from my iPhoneWhat a great place!! Im visiting from out of town and came across this place. They have indoor/outdoor and bar seating. All of them are desirable. We sat at the bar, I had a hard time deciding what I was going to order because they had so many things on the menu that were exclusive to this place I finally decided on the short rib sandwich, and have no regrets! The portions are huge, the meat was tender and the sides were so good!!So many different kinds of eggs Benedict and so far they're all good! We've gotten the fried chicken sandwich, and the burger. Very good! Solid meals. Didn't blow my hair back but would recommend!Visiting Philadelphia and wanted a good spot for breakfast. After researching, I came across Green Eggs Cafe. Now I'm a sucker for anything red velvet so I was excited to try their red velvet pancakes. HUGE and so good! Very rich in taste. I also got the Oreo Latte. It was so pretty that I didn't want to drink it but it was worth drinking every last bit. I will definitely visit again if I return to Philly. My only issue is that they are cash only.This is one of those experiences where you're not sure if it was that delicious or if I was that hungry, but an interesting menu with unique options. Food was done quick, & staff were helpful, just not sure why a breakfast spot wouldn't open until 9:00am! Yummy food, though!This place feels a little bit hit or miss. From the outside and front room it's very inviting however we were sat in the back area where the kitchen and bathroom are and this area honestly looks like a hotel/motel breakfast buffet room. But anyways let's talk about the food. We ordered the cookie dough French toast. This was absolutely delicious but be aware that it's large so good to share! The kitchen sink skillet was good not great but quite good. The short rib Benny fell extremely short. The short rib did not taste like short rib but more like boiled meat with no flavor. Not a fan. Overall the place was pretty good but not anything to write home about.Excellent food! Service was good. Just know it's cash only! Delicious smoothies and a good variety of breakfast options