DEFINITELY my go to spot for non-American food!!! I find that I crave this place sometimes. I got the Lamb Shawarma on Gyro Bread which I actually had to physically look at once I took my first bite because I couldn't believe how good it was, fried calamari which was super crispy outside and moist inside..didn't care for the dipping sauce though, Combo Platter which was yummy and served as lunch the next day and Baklava. Boy oh boy is their Baklava good!! I've been to other places where they give you this miniature piece that is supposed to be dessert but theirs is HUGE! not to mention the quality is far superior than other places I've tried (I've eaten a lot of Baklava in my day). Overall, DEF worth the order!Tried this place out even though I love South Street Souvlaki...but decided to give another restaurant a chance. It doesn't even compare! Frozen cut up mixed veggies in the chicken kabob platter, really?! They also didn't give any delicious Greek potatoes either. They weren't even on the menu. If you've had those delicious Greek potatoes...then you know what I'm talking about! The food was mediocre. Not terrible but not the best either...hence the 3 star rating.Esta Bueno, fui al desayuno y sali contendo el sabor es bueno.-Bad, simply bad! Bad food, bad lighting, bad atmosphere, and a bad over-talkative waitress. One star for being on a hip avenue.just noticed this new spot opened in my neighborhood and decided to try it last night as i love middle eastern food.  the owner/waitress was friendly and helpful.  we ended up ordering falafel and hummus and the lamb couscous.  the falafel was amazing and moist (i find many places in philly have dry falafel) and the hummus was delicious.  the lamb couscous was out of this world.  the lamb was so soft it fell apart just by touching it with a fork!  the vegetables in the couscous were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  we were upset we couldn't finish it all (although i just ate the leftovers for lunch).  i feel like this will definitely be my go-to this summer.
as for the place itself, it's a byo which i always love.  downstairs there is a morrocan room with couches, cushions and hookah as well as a pool table.  did i mention it's a byo?  definitely get there!When it come's to shwarma, I'm a huge fan. I've travelled many times to countries that are known for it. This is the real deal. I ordered the Lamb shwarma on gyro bread. The lamb was flavorful and juicy. Not dry or overcooked at all. I also ordered the baklava for dessert, which was flaky and flavorful. Looking forward to ordering from here again!While the lamb gyro was tasty, there was only 2 strips of it--so disappointing.  The baba ganouj was gross--there was a thick layer of paprika on it that overpowered the whole thing.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that the lamb did taste good and the service was quick.The Green Olives Café is a tucked-away gem of a café/restaurant.  Heading south, it's the very last eating spot on hugely popular East Passyunk Avenue ... and it's def worth walking down to.  Technically it's a Morrocan Cafe/Restaurant that also has lots of the foods of North Africa with some popular Greek and standard Mediterranean dishes added in.  Prices are very fair and the place is spotless clean, with some cool decorative touches, and friendly staff.  Today on a winter's day I had the soup and then a Schwarma sandwich.  The soup was homemade Vegetable that was homemade tasty and it came with fresh pita strips you could add to the soup - very nice touch!  The Schwarma sandwich isn't huge but it is put together superbly and lightly roasted and unbelievably good.  This version of the Schwarma (perhaps it's Morrocan style)  is one of the top sandwiches in Philadelphia or anywhere for that matter.  I can't imagine anyone not liking it.  Well on second thought - there's always someone on Yelp who won't like it. 
One of the owners - a very friendly woman named Nouza - stopped by the table and answered some questions I had about their Tagines and how much prep goes into a flavorful and slow-cooked Tagine.  They have both Chicken and Rabbit Tagine here. And she also informed me they would be increasing their vegetarian/vegan selections in the future which is good for my bro & sis-in-law.
What's not to like about Green Olives Café?  It's def a fine food stop in South Philly.Off the Passyunk path a little bit, I feel like this place gets to have a calm atmosphere that other places can't afford with all the foot traffic.  The server, and I assume owner, was a little overbearing, but in a kind, motherly way.  She wanted to take care of us and sort of wanted us to eat quickly.  That's no problem, especially when she brought out free hummus. I don't know if it was the time of day, but she was great.
The food was great.  I had couscous and it was seasoned so well.  Important to me is that eating out food is not something I can make at home.  This combination of spices was great and something that seemed like a family recipe rather than pre-made or generic.
The restaurant itself could use a make-over - it's a lot like an old-fashioned place with plastic on the tables and avocado colored accents.  It's definitely of the 50's, so that helps set the mood.I admittedly only order delivery for their combo kabob, which is four different types of meat overtop humus, rice and peas (and sometimes dolmades which are not included but they always seem to give me some). And once in a while a gyro. 
1. Service: the woman who always takes my order is kind and lighthearted.
2. Food: their lamb is always perfectly cooked (lots of places overcook lamb unfortunately) and I just think this platter is a STEAL! on top of being delicious and enough for two people. 
3. Delivery: very prompt and the only time it wasnt (she estimated an hour and it was literally an hour 3 mins) they threw in a huge piece of baklava on the house. 
Come on now.. where else in the city does that?!!
I recommend!!! If you love meat, try the combo kabob!!Pleasant interior, warm and welcoming proprietress.  This place offers some nice alternatives to the usual neighborhoid fare. The green salad, a diced cucumber and tomatoe mix, was fresh and wonderfully seasoned. A soup offered gratis had a hearty, complex broth that would be great on a winters day. The vegetable cous cous was flavorful and loaded with cabbage, potatoes, carrots, etc.   I look forward to trying their kabobs, Rabbit, and sandwiches.YOU GUYS. There is falafel STEPS from my house. Steps! Delicious hot, crispy falafel and really tasty hummus drizzled with dreamy olive oil. And grape leaves! Don't forget the grape leaves. Have not dined in yet, but the takeout was delish and the gal at the counter was really inviting. 
Minus one star for styrofoam to-go containers.The food wasn't even enough to fill my stomach and the delivery driver was rude. Go elsewhere.Just wonderful! My fiance and I ordered some hummus and shwarma earlier today through Grub Hub. I had the shwarma platter served over rice since I have a severe gluten allergy and he had it on a pita. The lamb was so tender and flavorful! Prior to the food's delivery, a lady from the cafe called to let us know that the pita would be served separately from the hummus in order to avoid any possible gluten contamination. I truly appreciated them going that extra mile. We will definitely be ordering from here again (and again, and again...) and will dine there in person as well.Pathetic. I ordered from Grub Hub and received uneatable food. Grub Hub could not reach the restaurant to replace the food so they issued a full refund. I wanted so much to like this place, but the good they make is disgusting.I've ordered from this place quite a bit. Deliveries take some time and things are a tad pricey but the food is awesome! They were very accommodating for a gluten allergy as well. The shawarma is delicious and they make an excellent falafel sandwich. And of course the hummus. Excellent.I love the food here! I recommend the Falafel sandwich/wrap with sides of Hummus and/or Baba Ghanouj. I drive from South Jersey all the time and it's well worth the toll! :)Very friendly service and well-made dishes, with very fresh ingredients. We started off with hummus and toasted pita. The hummus was freshly made, topped with olive oil and a sprinkle of paprika, and a perfect consistency - neither too grainy nor too pasty. After that came the grape leaves appetizer. I've had a lot of rice dolmas that were too heavy on the lemon, but these had just enough acidity to bring out the flavor of the other ingredients and surrounding leaves. Our entree was the lamb shawarma over rice - delicious, savory, and filling. Coffee was excellent as well, made in the North African style.We ordered here for the first time tonight - wow, was it fantastic!  We don't eat much Greek food, and there were no reviews, so we were a little nervous.  We needn't have worried - we got the combo kabobs and lamb gyros, and they were delicious!  We also got an order of Falafel which was good, but we didn't care for the sauce that came with it.  I think that's the only complaint we had.  Delivery was fast, (even on a Friday night), and the delivery guy was very courteous.  They forgot something we ordered, and we called and told them to just credit us next time because we are definitely ordering from here again.  They brought it anyway within minutes.  All in all, a delicious Mediterranean meal!!Second time eating here. I got delivery this time from GrubHub. I will NEVER eat here again. Am I eating "never food"? Nope it really is the delivery. I got a Falafel Gyro and Chicken Gyro. The chicken on the gyro was as thin as bacon and had only two strips on it! Did they forget something? Both sandwiches look like they tried to through a half a handfull of lettuce and missed most of the plate, along with two tiny pieces of onions and tomatoes. Never again will I order from  here. Delivery beware. Not even did they offer to make up for the lack of, well, everything. Thanks for nothing, literally..I ordered 3 times, believing that no one could possibly stay in business with such a terrible product.  There is no denying it now.  It defies the laws of economics.  
The food tastes like packaging. It's mostly bread, when you order a sandwich, which is ok because the thin stripes of meat don't feel like actual food.  
For 28 bucks, we got 6 falafel balls that looked like petrified duck testicles, 75 cents worth of bread, a couple of strips of lettuce and 1/6 of a gamey tomato, spread across two sandwiches.I would love to have a great Mediterranean place in the neighborhood, unfortunately this isn't it. I've placed several take out orders, each time it seems the prices have gone up. One night myself and 4-5 friends were going to eat at the restaurant. It was very obvious we were not placing a take out order yet our food came out wrapped to go. Seemed very unwelcoming so we took it back to my place to eat. Each time I have been inside there has never been another customer there. On top of all this the food is not good. Much of it seems like it was prepared days prior and reheated, the vegetables are often wilted. I had hoped it would get better with each order but no luck. Lesson learned. Won't be back.Mind = Blown.
The boyfriend and I were feeling lazy, and didn't have any food in the house so we grub hub-ed an order that could have fed about 6 people... for the two of us.   I LOVE Mediterranean/ Middle Eastern foods, but the boyfriend is a bit more conservative.  Our order took over an hour to arrive, but we'll let that go because the goodness that ensued was MAGICAL. 
For starters, I ordered the carrot salad.  I was hoping that it would be pieces of chopped carrot with a vinegar-esque dressing and garlic and herbs and spices... but i was figuring it would be a salad with lots of carrots on top... because after all this is take out... and disappointment seems to run rampant.  I was delighted when I opened the container and saw that my hopes and dreams were fulfilled.  The salad was a bit oily, but as long as you didn't scoop to deep, you're ok.  The carrots were cooked perfectly, and the taste just can't be beat.  I have leftovers for lunch today, and I can't wait!!!  I also plan to save the oil to cook with this week.
I also got the Green Olive tasting appetiser plate which included 4 falafel balls, 4 stuffed grape leaves, tomato and lettuce, small pitted green olives, hummus, baba ganoush, and pita bread.  I could have called it a day right there.  Everything was delicious!!!  The grape leaves were stuffed fresh.  You could tell by the texture.  I find the canned ones rampant around the city so that was quite a treat.  The only thing I wasn't loving was the olives.
For my meal, I got the falafel sandwich.  If I was thinking, I would have gotten something differen because I had just eaten falafel, but the more the merrier!!!  It was delicious.  Even after transport, the falafel was crispy and warm.  I got it in a gyro wrap and loved every bite.
As I previously mentioned, my boyfriend would have been 300x happier if we just got a pizza, so i ordered for him :-).  I got him the lamb shwarma on the gyro and he LOVED it.  Horizons... expanded.  
We will definitly be ordering here again!Most gyros you can barely get in your mouth they are so full of meat and other delicious stuff.   You will not have that problem here you will get 3 very thinly sliced pieces of meat!   Stay away from the house salad aka carrot salad    It was the worst gyro I've ever hadWe went in tonight for dinner after having ordered pickup/delivery many times. The food is incredible and the owner/chef is a lovely woman. I love the apple and carrot salad they usually have, but they were out of apples so I ordered the beet salad which was good as well. She also brought out a complimentary carrot salad with it that was amazing. My partner and I also split the Green Olives appetizer player, of which the house made grape leaves and hummus were standouts. He ordered a lamb gyro which he liked. It seemed like she was the only one working both in the front and back of the house, so service was kind of slow, but the food is so good I couldn't justify taking a star off.Situated at the end of a long strip of restaurants along Passyunk, I could see why this place was sadly overlooked. They seem to focus more on their take-out game and bragged a little too much about their fries for a largely Greek restaurant, but overall the food here was pretty decent. The humus was their shining star. Second in line was the hostess who was attentive and friendly. And BYOB is something I always appreciate. Wouldn't especially take a date here as the ambiance is sort of dull and on a Friday night the place was really really empty. I would come here if you had a hankering for Greek Food and lived in the area.Though I was a little disappointed that my friends and I weren't seated in Green Olives' "themed" dining room, their food made up for it. I ordered the Lamb Shawarma sandwich for myself (a steal at $5-6) and got to try some Hummus that a friend ordered. I couldn't have been more pleased! Our waitress, Nousa, was very accommodating and even offered our table a complimentary soup and dessert. My only hesitation about Green Olives is the wait time. If you're not in a rush and just want to relax for a few hours at this BYOB--as I was--this place is great. If you're in a rush, it might be best to let your server know as our food took quite a while to come out. All in all, Green Olives is a nice little restaurant with unheard-of prices!I've never eaten a fresher order of falafel and hummus from anywhere else. The shwarma platter was filling and delicious, as is the lentil soup. Consistently good food and on-time delivery.Sat down and enjoyed my delivery until I reached in my bag for dessert ( 2 pieces of Baklava) and realized it was just pita bread!  Common! You can't leave the dessert!  And no answer when I called back....oh well, I guess I might try them again.  I loved the taste....they just jacked up my night...my wife really wanted dessert ;-(Holy cow! 
The hummus was insanely good! And our chicken and lamb dishes were even better if that's possible.Ordered from here through grub hub for lunch. At first I thought it was a joke when I opened up the container. I had the lamb Gyro. 3 paper thin slices, a couple of pieces of tomato and some brown lettuce. If I was close by I would have marched straight back in there for a refund. Never again.The spinach pie here is the best I've had. The soups are also pretty good and the hummus, grape leaves and babaghanush are good. The salads are pretty poor, soaked in way too much vinegar, lacking in flavor other than vinegar, and skimpy on the expensive ingredients like feta. Hence the three stars. I would go to Mazza down the street for salads and stick to the spinach pie and soups at Green Olives. I don't eat meat, so I can't comment on meat dishes.Get. Here. Now. 
I have been here a handful of times and always leave so glad I ate here. 
Hummus-Yum (could use a bit more garlic, but I'm a crazy garlic lover)
Felafel. Fresh-best in the city. 
Grape leaves-  Refreshing.
Lamb kabob - Holy shit. Crazy flavor. 
Gyros - Bangin.
Espresso - Perfect.
Rice with veggies served with the Kabob -  Looked generic, tasted magical.
We seriously haven't had a bad dish and I'm pretty sure each time we go their Nussa (sp?), the woman who is there 24/7 always brings something on the house. It's BYOB, so bring a bottle and order a few different things. I really wish Green Olives a little further north on E Passyunk because I'm pretty sure it would be packed if it were. Nussa is always willing to chat if you like and ready to go beyond for customer service. We felt badly the other night because we were eating and chatting with her, only to realize that when we left, we had kept them open an extra hour. But she never said anything at all. I don't know who the cook is, but both food and service are on point here. Philly's best kept secret.The only thing I can think is that the owners of Green Olives are placing reviews here.
Pretty much, no one eats in this place, I walk by frequently, and on two (out of dozens of times) I've seen folks actually eating in there.
Delivery:  DO NOT DO IT!!!  Other reviewrs have it right - expect an hour and a half, and if you get frustrated and cancel the order, you'll be charged anyway.
Hopefully, this rip off joint will go under before anyone else needs to see it's reviews.I have nothing but wonderful things to say about Green Olives Cafe. I've ordered food from there many times.  It's consistent quality of Mediterranean food is something to look forward to.  Tonight i ordered dinner for delivery.  The order was delivered quickly and the quality was excellent, again.  However,  they forgot to bring the side item. This was the first time they forgot something. I called to let them know and they were extremely apologetic. They delivered the food so quickly and added a little dessert and a note to say sorry. It was a little touch on their end thst was not necessary, but a completely amazing and thoughtful touch.  Good food and amazing customer service.  I will take that any day. How you treat people matters!This place rocks! My weekend go-to for delivery night. Sometimes delivery takes a while, but everyone who works there is incredibly nice. Never a bad meal!This little restaurant was lovely. They had the best hummus I've ever eaten and the kabob was amazing. Just get the combo, it's worth it. The staff was friendly and made our visit amazing!Went to lunch there today. The falafel was well made and fresh. Very tasty and not drowned in tahini sauce. Will go back and try something else. So far very good.I was not expecting this to be as good as it was.  We ordered in from here and our food was delivered almost a half an hour before the schedule delivery time.  
I ordered the lamb schwarma over rice and an order of onion rings (it just called to me when I saw it on the menu).  The lamb was so perfectly seasoned and tender with the occasional crunchy outer piece and so perfect.  They had tossed in some sauteed onions and tomatoes as well and served it all over rice with peas, carrots, and corn.  I cleaned my entire plate because it was so good.  The onion rings, while not being traditional Mediterranean food, were delicious "cafeteria style" onion rings with the mushy onions inside.  We also got an order of feta cheese, which was salty, creamy, and perfect.
I can't wait to order from here again!Yet another reason I love living in S Philly.
Not only are the people working there super nice, but the food has been consistently delicious. I usually get the lamb shawarma sandwich, which is kinda like a burrito with a Middle Eastern twist.
Also, I can't seem to stop myself from ordering the falafel over hummus every. single. time. The falafel are fresh, fluffy, and flavorful, fried to perfection! 
Can't wait to order from them again!!This place just knocks it outta the park for authentic, homecookin style Greek. My wife and I usually split a Greek salad, maybe some lentil soup, lamb shawarma, and of course a slice of always perfectly sweet and flaky baklava for dessert. 
Noussa the woman who runs the place is super sweet and passionate about their food, and rightfully so. Always enjoy conversation with her.
Just really awesome food, no frills. We'll be back again and againI've never been to the restaurant but I get delivery quite a bit.  Everything I've gotten has been amazing.  My favorites are the falafel sandwich and the owners homemade lentil soup.  No complaints from me!The first time we went here, we were looking for a place to have dessert after brunch at Melrose (but didn't want buttercream cake).  Had delicious red velvet cake and tiramisu with fresh squeezed juice, and decided we would have to come back another day with an appetite.  That day was today, and it was such a good decision.  We started with a hearty vegetable soup, and then I ordered grilled tilapia and my boyfriend had the rabbit tajine.  Both were delicious, Noussa was very friendly, chatting with us about Marrakech and why sugar is a necessary part of a balanced diet.  Not arguing here, we finished up dinner with baklava.  The prices are very reasonable.  It is also BYOB, so we'll have to come back with a bottle of wine.Had two experiences with Green Olives.  First time, great!  Sandwich, salad, baklava were delicious and we were inspired to order again.  Second time, disaster.  Order took 1 hour and 45 minutes to arrive.  It was 57 minutes past the expected delivery on GrubHub.  Finally driver comes and mumbles something about forgetting the food in the car.  The food was all cold, pita was hard, it was very unpalatable.  Upon complaint, green olives offered 10% refund, which is absolutely ridiculous given the wait and condition of the food.  When we pushed back, they insisted on coming to our house to pick up and examine the remaining food and only refund what was uneaten.  They then only refunded us for baklava because everything else had been touched.  How were we to know the food was cold and unpalatable without at least tasting it??? So now they charged us for the food and took it back.  Never again will I eat there.This place is so good!  I have only ordered for delivery, so I can't speak to the dining-in experience, but I would definitely recommend!  I usually get the chicken shawarma with soup, and it has NEVER disappointed.  My husband has ordered the lamb shawarma and stuffed grape leaves, and he loves them!  Perfectly done, perfectly spiced, and delivered FAST.  This is definitely a win!This place was awesome! I went here on a weeknight with friends from college for a quick catch up dinner and the food was awesome and our waitress was great too! We all had lentil soup which was delicious and then two of us tried the chicken kabobs and my other friend the falafel. The falafel was great very well seasoned it had something extra in it that put it over the top. The chicken was good too, it was very wells seasoned. We had dessert too, the baklava is definitely a recommendation! I would recommend it for a relaxed dinner or delivery any day!Not that great of a place. Portions are small and the kebob's are bland. Not worth it with what I spent here.I've had food from here twice.  The first time I got a chicken swarma sandwich and the components of the sandwich were in sections.  So, I'd bite into it and just get a mouthful of hummus, or a mouthful of just lettuce.  Bad.
Yesterday I went and had the chicken swarma platter.  It was the saltiest dish I've ever had in my life.  Pretty inedible.  Go to Amalia's.  Light years better.I've only ordered here for Delivery and it's always great! The good comes extremely quick and it always taste fresh. The hummus is really good but it's just basic hummus no crazy flavors which is a plus for me. The falafel is really good! I've also had their Cajun fries and shrimp kabob and they were both great too. This is one of my favorite places to order from because the food always taste delicious. Defiantly give it a try !Delicious food every time!!! The chicken shawarma platter is my favorite!!  I've ordered from Green Olives literally about 30 times already, and have never had a bad experience.I love this little place. The lady who runs it is super nice and the food is great. My friend told me about it and am super glad she did, I prob wouldn't have known it was there otherwise. They also deliver which is awesome! I am a vegetarian and really like the eggplant salad. Everything else I have had is great too. BTW the Lentil soup is amazing! Check it out for sure. I am glad to have a good Mediterranean place so close by.Order through Grubhub because of $7 discount.
Chicken schwarma platter: pretty good. Chicken is tender. Rice is moist. It comes with cucumber salad and hummus.
Hummus: has spicy kick in it, more to the salty side.
Baba ganoush: very heavy on coriander. That's all I can taste. Lack of smokiness of baba.
Tiramisu: don't get this. It's not tiramisu at all because there's no lady fingers. Waste of my money.
Baklava: big and pretty good it maintained its firmness.falafels were nasty and pita bread was cold and dry.  ordered off seamless and they called to let me know it was delivered and told the dude delivering told me I had to come down to get it because they had to leave. went down to get it from the guy and he had just left it at the front door.  I'm pretty chill but damn that was a little cold.This is by far one of the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've dined in South Philly.  Great service and food. Price was very reasonable. Also free wi-fi and the place is clean. They serve lunch and dinner. Highly recommended.I have gotten delivery twice from this place but after the most recent experience I will not be coming back. Such a shame as the first time I was very impressed with the lamb shwarma sandwich, definitely a craveable item. Much to my disappointment the 2nd time around it could not have been more bland. What a 180 after the flavor explosion the first time around. In addition the grape leaves were tiny, dry and borrrrrring. Delivery dessert is a rare endeavor for this guy and now I remember why. The baklava was greasy and even me, the human garbage disposal, put down my fork after a couple bites.
The real kicker? The food DID NOT sit well with my stomach. I fared better than my wife who spent the night praying to the porcelain gods after becoming physically sick (she got a weak lamb gyro). We probably just got unlucky but this is a deal breaker and not acceptable. Roll the dice at your own risk.The food is good, but the delivery driver is some type of scam artist. Always says he doesn't have change, in order to get a bigger tip. So make sure to pay by credit or have exact change. (older gentleman) directly from restaurant not third party delivery service.We've ordered from this place a couple of times, and stopped in to pick up once.  The food is always incredibly fresh and delivery is fast. 
The chicken shawarma is amazing.  I have a hard time not getting it each time we order.  We've had the gyros and the falafel as well, each is fantastic.  The sandwiches are flavorful and have the right amount of sauce and bread.  The fries are plentiful - be ready to share - and crispy.  The spinach pie was luxurious, like it's supposed to be.  
The menu is limited, but that means they're not trying to do things they're not good at.  If you dine in or pick up, they have awesome beverages.  Also, I haven't been down there, but am intrigued by the promise of game tables downstairs.This place is amazing, not just for their food, but for their customer service. Last night my husband and I ordered takeout from here for the first time.  It took an hour and a half to arrive. They said they were extremely busy and backed up. Now why am I giving them, a 5 star review you ask? Well, I'll get to the food in a minute, but this evening, out of the blue there is a knock on the door and ANOTHER delivery from Green Olives ON THE HOUSE, to make up for last night. What?!?! Who does that? Ok, the food: best falafel, hummus and baba I've had in a long time.  Looking forward to giving them lots of our business and trying more of their delicious food!Ordered delivery for the first time tonight and It took literally 15 mins, if that. Very fast! The food was fresh and good too.This place truly has INCREDIBLE homemade delicious food.  The phone woman/owner is ALWAYS sweet to us everytime we order, there's always something she throws in our order for free, whether it be hummus or a drink, that is so sweet.  The lamb couscous is a regular order and it is AMAZING!!!  Always a pleasure ordering from here. I have so much respect for this place and the owner, even though I've never met her haha.   If you want fresh, genuine, incredible food, this is the place, try it, you'll be happy you did!!!!  thank youI ordered delivery via grubhub on a Monday night at 7:20pm.  I ordered a caesar salad with dressing on the side, a coconut juice and spinach pie.  Delivery time 8:20-8:30p.  A few minutes later I get another email with an updated delivery time of 8:25-8:35p.  Ok, no big deal.  A few minutes later I get a text with an updated delivery time of 8:35-8:45p.  Ok...  
Food arrived at 9:10pm.  This place is less than a mile and a half from my house.  Prob an 8 minute drive.  Spinach pie was soggy as some sliced tomatoes, cucumbers and 2 grape leaves were added inside.  That was a nice freebie but those items have a high water content so they soaked my spinach pie.  Even if that hadn't happened the spinach pie was cold and I had to then heat up my oven to warm them (microwave would've made them even more soggy).  Caesar salad had a bunch of tomatoes on top (not a traditional component of a caesar but ok) but they did send the dressing on the side like I asked.  
If I give this place another shot it'll be dine in only.  I didn't end up able to eat until 9:40p due to late delivery, reheating, etc.I was looking for good food in South Philly for dinner before concert at Wells Fargo. Green Olive received some good reviews and I like this style of food so my group decided to try it. The atmosphere is very casual/little character, but the food and service made up for all of that. Definitely go! Try the hummus and all the classic Mediterranean dishes - they also have standard American - cheese steaks and fries - a shame to have on the menu. The meal prep is a bit slow so give yourself time to wait for your freshly prepared food. Fresh and homemade being the key words. Situated in "the neighborhood" on small street - found street parking out front.Not bad, but the food doesn't quite have that 'homemade' feel to it that other Mediterranean places have. As someone else mentioned, the frozen veggie mix in their rice, ugh. They are also quite expensive for the amount of food you get. Other reviewers are correct, delivery is slow. Their chicken schwarma, however, is excellent.Came to Philadelphia for the AOTA Conference looking for some shawarma. Amazing food and crazy, fun chef. She is absolutely delightful and insightful. Will definitely go the next time I'm in town.This place needs to get shut down. I used to order take out from this place weekly, decent Mediterranean food, cheerful owners. Sometime last Summer ownership seems to have changed hands because now it's just a huge group of young dudes hanging out like it's their clubhouse. First meal under this new group, the chicken shawarma was dry, chewy, not warm, & a shell of what it used to taste like. I gave it another shot & that time I got food poisoning so I'm done. A buddy of mine in the area ordered take out from there & I warned him it's not the same place...when he went in to pick up the food he said all of the chairs & tables were pushed around & there were just piles of dirty dishes on all of the dining tables. This place is a joke, I have no idea how it's still open. Notice there are almost no reviews or pictures over the last year on Yelp. Back when the old owners were there, I knew they struggled to get business & they did 90% take out. At this point I have to imagine it's only staying afloat by this group of 20 guys who hang out there every day & the poor souls who order take out not knowing what a pile of trash this place has become.Got a menu from the Green Olive Café the other day left on my doorstep, and this evening after an exhausting day thought - let's check it out.  The main menu suggested Middle Eastern/Moroccan fare with appetizers that are a global hodgepodge or perhaps just kid friendly.  The woman taking our delivery order was just delightful.  Sometimes when ordering you can feel rushed, but she answered questions and offered me the available side options.  My husband is a big lamb fan and so he ordered the lamb gyro, which he thought was tasty; however a bit lite on the lamb.  His French fries were wonderful - well seasoned, crispy and still hot upon arrival.  Their vegetarian sandwiches and entrée options are limited - falafel or vegetable couscous was it, so I opted to get two appetizers as I was not felling like either.  The Baba Ghanouj was very tasty and tangy, but the pita it was served with was that cardboard like store variety and did nothing to add to the enjoyment of the dip.  The gyro bread was much more appealing texturally and next time I will ask for that to be substituted for the pita.  Second appetizer was the Green Olive quesadilla, a combination of green peppers, onions, zucchini and cheese.   It was good, but it was combo of the harissa (I think harissa, but was milder than most I have had) and sour cream accompanying it which really enhanced it.  I would love to have had more creative Middle Eastern/Moroccan vegetarian options on the menu.
Bottom line - We were not blown away, but we liked the Green Olive Café and will probably order from there again next time trying the one vegetarian entrée and one of the lamb dishes.  The delivery was very quick, delivery person very friendly and the price about $20.Used to be our go to place for Mediterranean food. I don't know what happened, but tonight's order was one of the worst meals I've ever had. The green olives appetizer platter was dismal, slapped together w/ 1 grape leaf, two tiny scoops of hummus & babaganouch (which tasted exactly the same) & some pita shoved in the plastic bag it came in from the supermarket. In addition, we had a salad that was absolutely tasteless, mushy tomatoes and tasteless chicken, a few green olives and nothing else. Orders of harrisa replaced with cups of what can only be described as Frank's red hot...I am so sad. I hope that this was just a bad night but lordy, what a disappointment.I ate the lunch special (Roasted Chicken w/ Rice) and it was the best I had in Pennsylvania. Definitely coming back! 
Also I heard the restaurant was under new management.I have visited several locations in the East Passyunk Crossing area in search of a decent falafel sandwich, and I have tried Green Olives at least three times. Each time, I received an extremely dry dish devoid of any detectable flavors or spices. The pita wrap contained an appreciable amount of falafel (in their defense, it was quite a heavy sandwich, but perhaps not worth the ~$8.95 price tag), with some okay-looking lettuce, tomato and a very small amount of tahini. 
By itself, the wrap was so dry (flavor- and mouthfeel-wise) that I had to take it home and add some extra spices and sauce, and that barely helped. The first time I had it, I thought it may have been a fluke so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and tried it again on at least two separate occasions, and the dish was the same each time - dry and flavorless as all heck. I cannot justify paying almost $10 for a dish so difficult to eat, and I would not recommend it to a friend or enemy. 
In my opinion, the Halal food carts around Philadelphia have better falafel than Green Olives for about half the price (plus a free drink!)
The staff and atmosphere of the restaurant itself are very nice and I have no complaints regarding the quality of service I received; everyone was extremely kind to me each time I visited. My only complaint is that the falafel sandwich they offer is not worth the price for the quality of the food. Once again in Green Olives' defense, I have only had their falafel wrap/sandwich and cannot speak to the quality of their other food (which is why I am leaving a three-star review). I am sure it is a very nice place, but the falafel is just not good. It could use a little more tahini/sauce/non-dryness and perhaps some more options for what goes inside the wrap (e.g. green peppers, chickpea salad, etc.).Damn, it's so difficult to find a decent Mediterranean place in Philly. Place after place I order from is met with  disappointment. There seems to be a common theme for the places that don't satisfy my craving which is worthy of pointing out. If you have gyro, it should be from a spit. If it's from a spit, it should have some nice char, flavor, and texture. Also, don't fill it with bull shit and cut it paper thin. The attached pictures is a prime example of how NOT to make/serve gyro.  Do not come here; avoid at all cost.Food is yummy ! I only got the vegan falafel "sandwich" but it was basically falafel wrap. The falafel were so good, not the super best around Philly, but as a small mom and pop spot on Passyunk Ave, it's great. Nice and crunchy, super flavorful and a huge generous amount of everything from the cabbage cucumbers and slaw to the size of the bread they put it on. It was only about $7-$8 so def a nice treat for when you're at Vin Cafe or just looking for a good vegan spot on the go.. they fixed my food in only about 10-15 mins while I was sipping away at vin cafe across the street. Convenient! Craving them now lol.