Nice Yemeni food
Staff is friendly and professional 
Interior is clean 
Close to local mosque 
Nice place to bring family as wellCannot emphasize how authentic my experience was at this place. The waitress was very patient with us since it was the first time having Yemeni food. I would highly recommend ordering a lamb and a chicken dish and splitting it with 3 people since portions are huge amd intended for family style dining. We tried the fahsah and whole grilled chicken. Interior decorations are fantastic as well!I loved everything in this place the workers are so welcoming especially Hussain he's the best. The food is great and cheap. I would definitely recommend it to everyone.I LOVE this restaurant. I know nothing about Yemeni food, but learned from a Yemeni tourist that this is really authentic. I walked in and the owner graciously walked me through the menu (because I really didn't know what I was doing). We got the Saltah, massloug lamb, and the charcoal grilled chicken. Our favorite was the saltah and lamb. The lamb was SO TENDER that it just FELL OFF THE BONE. My grandparents are serious Chinese foodies and they have never had lamb this tender. We were all so impressed. 
Also, note that they have forks for you if you want to use a fork, but I mostly ate with my hands since it's so much easier picking up food in a piece of bread with your hands.
We also asked for tap water. If you don't ask for tap water, you may get bottled water. 
It's been a week, and I'm still thinking about that saltah and how wonderful the flavors were. Drooling as I write this review...go now and you won't regret it!Small (about 10 tables) informal halal Yemeni eatery around the corner from the community mosque. As far as I can tell, characteristic Yemeni cuisine, heavy on lamb, light on veggies, quite different from other Arab cuisines. Yemeni food tends towards spicy but here it may have been toned down for American tastes (we also sat at tables as opposed to sitting on rugs on the floor). Last night I went there with my daughter. I had a delicious haneeth (braised lamb with Basmati rice), she had a lamb curry stew (saltah) with flatbread, we ended with an unusual dish made from bananas mashed with ground flatbread served cream and honey (masoob). Very casual place, modest prices. Run by a Yemeni man and his son; their family and small kids were eating there also. Owner is very friendly. Very pleasant evening, excellent and (to me) unusual food. Star rating based on similar establishments, not haut cuisine but good and interesting food that is well served.The only Yemeni restaurant in philadelphia, yet exceeds the ones in NYC. 
A truly traditional Yemeni food, the staff are nice and attentive. The food it self is great, both in presentation and the taste.Decided to try out this restaurant since it's next door and the snowy weather had me craving something warm. I was excited after seeing these Yelp reviews and the food did not disappoint. The beans were very good and filling. The lamb stew was absolutely delicious. My server was so sweet. Cannot wait to come back and try more items off the menu.I had the Famsah, which was amazing. A hot stew with lamb that was super tender. I think it was the vest meal I've eaten in several years. Perfect for a cold winter day. The decor was cozy, too, with couch-benches and armchairs for those of us who wanted to kick back and relax. We'll definitely be back. Kid friendly.Absolutely delicious food! This place is always consistent with their quality of food. Highly recommend. You need to try the bread and lamb soup.Small informal place , old interiors  but great hearty food . Service was quick . I would totally recommend it for take out . It's a family run business and the family is very sweet . Their signature lamb dishes are best . Lamb Haneeth, and lamb maslough. Portions are big and enough to share between 2 people . If you are looking for a hearty Arabic /Yemeni place .. this is it !I can't say enough good things about Hadramout! I never write yelp reviews but I gotta for them. So far I've had lamb, fish and the whole chicken here. The Fahsah is incredible. The lamb melts in your mouth. On top of the great food, the atmosphere is warm and the owner is so so so kind. He always makes everyone feel at home. So warm and welcoming that it's easy to relax, eat and sip tea until next thing you know you've been hanging out for over an hour!This place is delicious! All of the entrees we ordered were large and came with rice. The bread-naan is enormous and can feed 3-4 people. Everything was fresh with lots of flavor!
I had the lamb haneeth. The meat was very tender, very flavorful and falling off the bone! No knife needed. The rice was delicious, especially with the small saucers of hot sauce.
The restaurant was quiet when we arrived; we seated 5 easily with no reservation. The owner was talkative and very funny. It's clear that he cares about his food and his customers.Have tried most of the menu and everything is delicious. I especially like the kebabs. Service is top notch as well.It's a 5 star for food. 
Amazing food quality for the price. It's only one of the few places where I've had one of the best lamb in philly. Super juicy, tender and fucking tasty. 
The restaurant is small and the ambience is not really appealing. But I can't complain with that kind of food. My favorite is the shredded lamb fahsa and shafoot. But everything else on the menu is good too.Still a stellar 5 star! I've heard so much about Hadramout's Fahsah (highly recommended by the owner, Frank). This is a slow cooked lamb stew and it is absolutely delicious! It's even better with the spicy sauce they give you. Frank told me the process of making this (slow cooked 3 times), it is truly melt in your mouth and you just want to eat this the whole day When you go at off hours Frank can take time to explain to about different dishes and tell you about Yemeni cuisine. Love this place!I was really excited to get some chicken here, I got a grilled chicken and it was basically flavorless and kind of dry. My wife got the fish and it was similar. The rice and bread that came were good - and these were all huge portions. But really you need some seasoning and there was noneSo many friends raved about this place, and I was obsessed with the Fahsah (lamb stew)! It would definitely be great to eat during the winter and I could eat the Yemeni bread all day long (dipped it in the stew to scoop up every last bit). I think the other dish was the Yemeni Kabob with ground beef over rice and a side salad, but I'm not sure if I liked it enough to get it again. The place gets pretty smoky, so keep in mind that your clothes will smell afterwards!Hadramout is one of my three favorite restaurants in the city. It feels like home to me. From the delicious ful to the amazing rounds of steaming bread, to the tender lamb haneeth, to the rich molokhia chicken, or the fish mofa I have always been impressed and delighted when I've eaten here. Hussein offers detail and attention to his food that treats his dishes (and his customers) as sacred. I took a friend from Jordan here and he has eaten Yemeni food all over the world including in Yemen, he said Hadramout had the best Yemeni food outside of Yemen. Go, you won't be disappointed!My early memories of having Yemeni food was a place that my family and I used to frequently visit in Sharjah, UAE. The Chicken Madbhi/Mazbi and they served was a family favorite, as well as the Mandi.
And since we left , finding a Yemeni restaurant that served good Mazbi became our life purpose.
Hadramoot is a little spot located across the ever so popular Manakeesh and Sa'ad . It wasn't really busy when we walked in , but our server was really nice and made sure we were taken care of. 
Everything was delicious and tasted exactly the way we remembered it. Though we were quite disappointed that Mazbi wasn't on the menu.
My brother and I had the Chicken Mandi , and my dad some sort of Lamb dish that I can't recall the name of. My mom had a grilled fish that she raved about all day.
Overall , it was a great experience and we look forward to our next visit!Just enjoyed our flavorful food, served up by a hospitable host.  The fish was outstanding, and the house made salsa (salawek?) was great. Also enjoyed the smoky white beans, salad etc.I Honestly love how pure & fresh the food taste . This was our first time and I definitely will be coming back. My Dad & I are always looking for tasty places to visit and try out . I was looking for a traditional Middle Eastern place & this place was beyond a great find! Our food took only a matter of minutes to arrive, I was very surprised! Everything was made fresh and served HOT!  My type of Establishment! The people were very friendly and did not mind explaining how things were to be served as well as how the food was prepared!Absolutely disgusting. DO NOT GO HERE!!! The workers are rude, food is horrible, and it was an overall terrible experience.Absolutely delicious food. Lamb haneeth was perfectly cooked. The saltah and fahsah were tasty. The bread was really good... I mean it was all a great meal. Would recommend to everyone!The lamb fahsah is quite possibly the greatest piece of meat I had ever eaten. The price was affordable, the portions are very generous and their delivery someone manages to keep the lamb nice and hot even in the dead of February winter.I really haven't had this before.  
Manakeesh and Saad's were even  more busy than usual (good for them!) so we looked up other places and Hadramout came up.  We walked up the block and took a look at the menu, seemed interesting.  
I had the lamb soup and the fahsah.  The soup is just broth, no vegetables or meat, nothing in it but a rich, hearty and spicy broth.  It was good, the lack of anything else in it was odd to me but it was $1.  It was good.  
The fahsah came out.  The amount of lamb and the flat bread combined make for a very filling meal.  The lamb was soft, melted in my mouth, was spicy.  It was great, really truly enjoyed.  Will definitely be back.~1 year old Yemeni restaurant off the campus of the University of Pennsylvania in West Philadelphia.
Pros:
* Super cheap meaning the value for money and purchasing power are super high.
* Serving portions are humongous.
* The food quality is amazing; never had such good middle eastern food in Philly.
* Really friendly staff that would take their time to explain everything and also be happy to tell you a lot about Yemen and their hometown!
Cons:
* Water is charged.Underrated, easily-missed place in West Philly, you really can't go wrong with anything. 
I loved the chewiness and texture of the kofi kebab meat and the spices of the chicken mandi, and the saltah lamb. 
This is homey, family-owned, and there's no place like it in Pennsylvania. I've never had Yemeni food before and this place has set the bar high! The staff is amazing, warm, and makes everyone feel at home.What a cute little gem in West Philly that I never knew about! My friend and I came to Hadramout on a scorching hot summer day for lunch and ironically ordered a sizzling pot of stew haha. We ordered the Fahsah -- a lamb stew -- that was accompanied by a piece of bread (like naan) the size of a large pizza, as well as the Lamb Kabobs. I absolutely loved both of them and recommend them! The lamb kabobs were so flavorful and juicy while the fahsah was filling and tasty. I loved our servers too! Very kind and hospitable. The only downside ... is paying for water.
Tips & Notes:
- They charge for water -- it is served in a water bottle. If you want to save $1/bottle bring your own water!I live right down the street and I rarely see anyone in here, but that really needs to change. I was drawn by the reviews here and it definitely lived up to expectations. I got the Lamb Haneeth, which was super tender and flavorful, and I made sure not to miss a single morsel hiding between the bones. It came with this spicy salsa-esque dip on the side that was really delicious (and very very hot!) and really added a lot of flavor to the rice that came with it. The waiter was a really nice person and the food came out very quickly. I've never had Yemeni food before this, but it definitely made me a fan.Absolute hidden gem in West Philly.  One of our new favorite spots due to incredible food, charming atmosphere, and remarkably friendly owner who takes a real interest in making sure you enjoy your experience.  
They have managed to make a small store front restaurant feel like a world far far away.  Hanging curtains delicately separate each table.
Each dish is better than the last.  We always start with the fassolia, which comes with the giant bread.  For entrees, it is hard to move past the lamb fahsah, which comes boiling in it's own cauldron and is simply delicious.  Hot tea and soup are one dollar each.
But better than all of this is the kindness and attentiveness of the people who serve you.  The owner makes sure to visit with you and is available to explain any questions about the food, while everyone else bends over backwards.  Just wonderful people and wonderful food.  We are blessed this is on our neighborhood!Placed a few orders with Hadramout and have been happy each time.
The lamb fahsah is a real standout dish. Delicious and flavorful.
Both the mixed grill and grilled chicken platters are also very good, well seasoned and tasty.
Also, getting a cup of lamb Marag to dunk your bread into is also good.
Very good overall, and hope to try more dishes.Amazing Yemeni food. Simple, fresh, delicious. Very reasonably priced. Enjoyed the lamb, the kebabs - bread was outstanding. Highly recommendBest place I have been in PA. I recommend this restaurant to all family and friends. I am not from the area but every time I travel to Philadelphia I must come to this restaurant. The food is wonderful and great service.I was finally able to visit Hadramout with my family. It's half way in between 45th and Walnut and Sansom. It is not a large space, however, a very nicely decorated, comfortable, and quaint space. I do have to say that the owner is really helpful, friendly, and hospitable. 
This is the first time I have tried Yemeni food, so I have no base to compare with, but enough local people do come in and out to dine. When I say "local" people I mean Muslims, because there is a semi large Muslim community in West Philly with 2 fairly large masjids right across the restaurant, and one few blocks away. 
We tried Chicken Mandi, Lamb Haneeth, Fassolia, and Yemeni tea. Both chicken and lamb just easily came off the bones, and melt in your mouth tender with wonderful spice combination (not overpowering, but just enough). I really enjoyed Fassolia, basically simmered kidney beans with sautéed onions and tomatoes. It comes with a Yemeni clay baked bread which is humongous! I also loved the Yemeni tea the owner gave me a refill. It kind of reminded me of chai masala (without the milk), but the Yemeni tea had different spice accents. I already know what I want to try next time, and it's such a great addition to ever more growing ethnic eateries in West Philly.Do yourself a favor and dine at this sweet spot in West Philly. The place is cozy, the owner is lovely and the food is flavorful and deliciously tasty! I've been eyeing this place for a while as it is right down the street from me. It's so unassuming and I just never thought to enter. I am so very glad I did. Start with the samboosa. Small triangular pastry served warm with meat mixed with potatoes inside. And whatever you do, please order the fahsah (lamb stew). It comes to the table bubbling, in a clay pot. It is packed with warm goodness and the delicious house-baked Yemeni flat bread is the perfect accompaniment to this dish. My good friend that dined with me is from Egypt and was so excited that shafoot was on the menu. He said he had never seen this dish on a menu in the states. We also got the perfectly cooked chicken mandi marinated in beautiful spices served with rice. If you are looking for comfort food served up in a homey atmosphere with an owner that greets you more like a host of a dinner party, this is your place. Hurry!Outstanding lamb! Wish I lived closer- this would be a go to. Yemeni Cuisine. The lamb knuckle was meaty and perfectly seasoned.  Very reasonable prices. Also interesting take on coffee- cardomen and clove overtones. Very friendly and welcoming. Was able to sneak in a little work while u was waiting to pick up someone.
Go - you won't be disappointed .This place has amazing food! If I could give it 6 stars I would! I would definitely recommend the Fahsah, lamb chops, and Saltah off the menu. End your meal with a delicious basbousa sweet and Arabic coffee.This place is AMAZING!!
Super delicious well seasoned food!
I had the pleasure of chatting with the owner "Frank " and he was very accommodating as well knowledgeable! Will DEFINITELY be back over and over.Food is unique, delicious, and reasonably priced. The lamb dishes are perfectly cooked. The restaurant is also very clean and well decorated.Absolutely tremendous. The food is REALLY good, and superb value for money. The menu is quite small, but everything sounded great. I had the baked fish, which was really tasty. I had not eaten Yemeni food before - for my $0.02, it is somewhere between Lebanese and Indian. The vibe is laid back, and the service excellent. This is a real gem - if you are anywhere near West Philly, definitely worth seeking out.This place wins, tried similar cuisine in the area and they are super tasty. Large portions, fresh food, lamb is on point. I miss this place each time I went to similar spots. If you're in the are, give them a try!The spot is small but holds lots of flavor . The lamb Mandi is amazing . The meat is so tender that it falls off of the bones with no hesitation . Owner is very friendly and great customer service !Hadramout you are truly magnificent, I had a wonderful experience here yesterday. The place is very chic & clean. I was advised to try their Saltah, which was fantastic, but all other menu items were excellent too. The awesome people working there are extremely attentive and helpful. Definitely recommend! Would return for sure!The flavors are mind blowing. The staff is warm and inviting. Not much more to say. This place is a gem.This place is turning my head back to Arabic food . I love the fahsa masob and looking forward to try more stuff. Great jobOverall, reasonably good food for a reasonable price with friendly staff. We were 4 and had 4 dishes to try every kind of meat (lamb, beef, chicken, fish). I hate the taste of lamb, but that was by far our favorite dish - it was savory and perfect with the bread. Oh and the bread.... I love the warm soft portions that taste good with any dish! 
The Yemini Kofta is pretty dry, our least favorite, but did better with the hot sauce they provided. The fish has bones, so if you're not talented with a fork and spoon, the best option is your fingers! There's a sink by the bathroom in the back to help you our before and after you try my suggestionAbsolutely love this new little spot with delectable Yemeni food that is so very reminiscent of my childhood. 
If you're unsure where to start, I would recommend getting either the saltah or fahsah, which comes with the classic Yemeni flat bread made in a clay oven. If you come with a friend, I'd also suggest getting it with another lamb dish (perhaps the kibdah) and eating family style, which is how I think Yemeni food is meant to be enjoyed. Also, the special Yemeni tea that they serve is fantastic! My only recommendation would be for them to serve tap water (it seemed like there was only bottled water options for purchase?), and to be consistent with the side dishes (one time they brought us some while the other time they didn't). Overall, the pricing is very reasonable and worthwhile.  
The decor and pictures remind me of the beautiful Middle East, and the owners are lovely and attentive. I would love for this delicious unique spot to stick around, so do check it out!I really wanted to love this place, so much so that I'm going to give it another chance. This review is more of a caution, I suppose, towards what I ordered, which I feel was my mistake. The restaurant was pretty busy and apparently a lot of the regular staff was out, so the service was great considering. I went with a friend and our food came out really late so the manager brought us several things on the house which went a long way with me. The sambosas were delicious, and paired well with the spicy house relish. The rice was a nice lightly flavored basmati. The grilled fish entree was also really good, but not mine so I only had a few bites. It was tender and nicely flavored, but very boney. The salad was basically a rough tabbouleh, not my cup of tea, but very fresh and rustic. The grilled chicken and the famous bread were the sore spots of the evening for me. My chicken was charred, and all I could taste was the burntness. The inside was very juicy and tender, but I'm a skin girl. I want that flavor, and this didn't have that. I doused it in lemon juice, salt, and spicy relish but that burnt flavor prevailed. The bread was also underwhelming, not exactly burnt but definitely overdone and there was no real flavor. I think it could've used a nice slathering of butter or something. Next time, I will try the lamb stew or something else.One of my top 3 favorite restaurants in West Philly, maybe even in all of Philly. Everything was delicious, but the lamb fahsah was the best- it's like a shredded, super tender lamb that is almost a curry but great for eating with rice or the bread. Extra bread is the size of an entire pizza for only 2 dollars, I'd highly recommend getting it. The fish was alright, the chicken was pretty good. 
The service was a bit slow, which they warned us since they make it fresh. We waited maybe 20-30 minutes for them to cook it, but it was worth it. Prices are not too bad either.
This place feels so overlooked, but it is so worth it to give it a shot.Excellent food, love the bread and bean dishes. Good to excellent choices for veg and non-veg entreesHands down my new favorite restaurant in west Philly. Food is FRESH! AUTHENTIC! CHEAP! DELICIOUS! What I like about this place is that it's authentic, not the generic menu you would find at any middle eastern restaurant, no, it's authentic Yemeni! I recommend getting the whole grilled chicken and fassolia appetizer... and order extra bread to take home because it's delicious. 
Shout out to the owner for being such a great host and for the laughs and recommendations.Came here with a few friends for dinner !! The food at this establishment is very delicious and the service was very good! Everything we ordered was delicious. Here's what we ordered: Lamb haneeth  (which was very tender, flavorful, and fell off the bone), full grilled chicken (very flavorful and moist), fish mofa (seasoned very nice, grilled nicely, and moist on the inside), koftka kabob (beef was seasoned nice and was not over cooked), fahsah (the lamb soup was super flavorful and it came with their bread, which was sooo good ), and finished off with their sweet appetizer called Masoob Malaka (which we had for dessert and it was so good) ! I can't wait to come back to this establishment !! The portions are huge and it is inexpensive (for the amount of food you get) ! Highly recommend this place !!I've been here twice with family, and it was great both times! We've had the samboosa (appetizer), fahsah (lamb stew that comes in a clay pot), kofta kebab, lamb kebab, lamb chops, and lamb haneeth, as well as the tea and basbousa for dessert. Though everything was tasty, I'd especially recommend the fahsah and lamb haneeth, which was super tender and flavorful. The portions are generous (especially for the price), and this is a great place to go with a group, as they'll bring all of your food on a large platter and you can dig in together (with the bread and your hands!) The service is also excellent, as the owner of the restaurant always makes sure to check up on people. A must try in West Philly!*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*
After hearing about how great Yemen food, I knew I had to try it. A small restaurant like this hidden in West Philly did not disappoint. My friends and I ordered a bunch of different dishes and the portions were very generous. Most dishes were very flavorful, they definitely did not cheat you out of the spices.Overall, well worth for the price. 
*ENTREES*
Fahsah - DELICIOUS, please do order it!! As someone who is not a big fan of lamb, this dish was my favorite. The meat was so tender and juicy, not gamey at all, and the sauce so fragrant
Samboosa - You know its good when it's fried in ghee. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, fried to perfection
Fish Mofa - A whole fish with bones. Fish was tender, but grilled without much seasoning. However, the sauces on the side paired well with this
Kofta Kebab - solid kebab
Full Grilled Chicken - My least favorite. The chicken came out a too dry/charred to my liking
*VERDICT*
Overall, I would definitely go back again and get the Fahsah and SamboosaSuperb, based on one delivery. Grilled chicken especially tasty. Though my credentials for judging "authenticity" are arguable, this resto is the most authentic middle eastern restaurant in Philly, comparable to Manakeesh, with a different menu ostensibly Yemeni.Their bread is phenomenal. Long cooked lamb and the liver dish are also insane.I haven't had Yemeni food and was glad to be able to try it in Philly. Now, I dream about the fassah and have come back for it. Get the $1 soup too. Samboosahs and the other lamb dishes are good, but really the fassah is so magical in its simplicity and homeyness. Friendly staff as well.Best food ever! authentic Yemeni food and the service is brilliant. went for lunch - everything we ordered from appetizers to main course to the complimentary tea at the end - brilliant! would highly recommendMy friends and I had a fantastic experience at Hadramout this evening. 
 Even as a group of six in a fairly small restaurant, we were seated very quickly.  Our waiter, Frank, was extremely friendly and recommended a variety of dishes for us.  The food was fantastic; flavorful, plentiful, and fresh.  The fahsah and the lamb glaba were particularly good, and the homemade bread was delicious.  The final bill was very reasonable for six people.  To top it off, my wife forgot her purse and Frank tracked us down on Facebook to make sure we knew he was holding it for us.  We'll be back for sure!The fassolia (white beans in tomato and onion and spices) were hearty, flavorful, and satisfying. It was extra tomato-y and maybe black-pepper-y. Yum. It came with a piece of the house bread, which is chewy and hot and perfect. We also received some tasty hot sauce, seemingly house-made, which was the incredibly hot but also delicious. I chose to eat all of it slowly over the course of the meal.
The lamb haneeth is their most popular dish, so we tried it too. The veggies (potato and carrot) in sauce were soft and irresistible. It came with tender, beautiful rice. the lamb itself was a cut with LOTS of lamb flavor (maybe lamb ribs?).
The soup option was lamb. It is a spiced broth. It is served with lemon; squeeze it in to get the soup to come alive.
Service was prompt and kind.
Yum.We went for a meal at Hadramout. In general, I found the food okay but disappointingly bland. This was my first time trying Yemeni cuisine so I'm not sure if this is a feature of the cuisine in general or Hadramout in particular.
Saltah stew: comforting, with some interesting flavours, 3.5 stars
Grilled whole chicken: freshly grilled, which was nice. The dark meat & skin had some flavours from the spices, but the breast meat had little flavour. It was better with garlic sauce. Bread was freshly baked and fluffy, 3+ stars
Lamb haneeth: kind of stringy and bland. The accompanying rice & boiled potatoes/carrots were also not flavourful. I wouldn't recommend this dish unless you're looking for bland, 2 stars
Service was friendly but it was very difficult to get the staff's attention. They'd be moving around serving other tables or standing at the back, but took forever to notice when we were trying to wave or get their attention. It might help if they'd scan the tables once in a while.Simply the best!
Lamb haneeth or chicken mandi made to perfection. Lamb cooked perfect and falls off bone. Chicken the same. Flavorful food.... Fahsah with bread is absolutely amazing! 
Owner is very friendly and a nice person. I go here couple times a week and it is one of my favorite restaurants in philly!The rumors are true: the food is excellent!
What's also true is that I haven't had such a huge food baby in a while, along with another 1.5 meals worth of leftovers. (I have no regrets) This is definitely not a place that skimps on portions, starting with the gigantic clay oven baked bread. 
The bread was freshly baked and delicious, and was included in my order of Fahsah (stewed shredded lamb). Extra bread can also be ordered separately for $2. The stewed lamb was very tender and served bubbling hot in a clay pot that kept it warm through my entire meal. Combined with the soft, warm bread, it was an amazing combination. 
The Lamb Haneeth consists of slow-roated lamb, rice, and mixed veggies. The lamb was melt-in-your-mouth tender and fell right off the bone. The veggies were beautifully seasoned and went very well with the rice and lamb. It was definitely one of the better-prepared lamb dishes I've had in a while. 
Service is friendly and pricing is fair. The food is delicious and flavorful. It's a great neighborhood joint and I definitely plan on coming back!Loved the authentic food. We ordered grill chicken and fish which were amazing. The bread was freshly baked. Great service tooThe food here is so great!! Everything we ordered was delicious. The place was so homey and everyone who works there is so nice. I highly highly recommend.Where do I start....Bland dry food. With No flavor. No seasoning and No sauce. We were very dissatisfied and disappointed. It was a complete waste of money. I don't understand why the ratings are high. The food was horrible. We asked for sauce or something to help give the food some taste. They had nothing! No sauce selections. Not even hot sauce.I've been to this establishment several times! Hands down, this is some of the  best food that I've ever taste in my life. The food is great, staff is great, and ambiance is great! The homemade bread is the best I've ever taste and the Yemeni tea has a very distinct, yet inviting taste. You will NOT be disappointed.The food is delicious, the portion sizes are HUGE, the price is good too considering you're getting 2-3 meals out of one order. My whole family loves this restaurant and we regularly order from here. The dessert and chai is amazing. Many times when I've gone out with friends I took them all to Hadramout for a night cap :) 
The service is great too!really delicious traditional yemeni food! haneed was a bit different that what i'm used too but still delicious! lamb chops were cooked well but lacked seasoning. saltah and fahsah were great with the bread and the hilba adds nice flavor and health benefits!Excellent bread, excellent samboosas, decent chicken mandi, but the fahsah was not for me.  
The appetizers and sides here are top notch- got enough bread to feed an army!
The one samboosa I got was crispy, savory and had amazing wrapping.  Similar to samosas but way better!
The chicken mandi was decent- it had a curry spice to it and was cooked well.  Not a home run but not bad.
The fahsah was not for me.  There were crunchy bits in it that bugged me out- tasted like crushed shells.  If they weren't in there, the soup still wasn't for me- had a unique taste to it that I wasn't in to.
Overall it's worth a shot.  Load up on appetizers and bread- skip the main dishes.I really want to give this place a 3.5, but I can't. So a 3 it is. We didn't eat in because we ordered to go. Therefore, I can only speak on the food. We ordered the full grilled chicken (comes with rice), a side salad, order of hummus, and bread.
The food was decent. I think the grilled chicken would've had a better flavor and taste had the skin not been so charred. The rice was fine. The side salad was not worth the $3. It was just regular iceberg lettuce with some parsley, tomatoes and cucumbers. Also, the bread was good, but also a little charred. The hummus was good, but I've had better. 
Overall, it was a decent meal but not a lot of flavor. Might give them another try.This is probably my favorite spot in West Philly now! Quaint and cute spot tucked away in West Philly with some fantastic yemeni fare. Ordered the Fasah and the Haneeth (lamb dishes) and it was fantastic! The meat was cooked to perfection ! If you're in the area you got to check this place out. The food is phenomenal.They have no experience and they got the cheapest meet also they don't know how to cook .
When you see the food you can tell is not healthy.If you're a fan of Yemeni food as I am - Rejoice!  Now in Philadelphia you no longer have to head up to Brooklyn to enjoy some downhome Yemeni cooking.  Hadramout has opened on the International Restaurant stretch of eateries on 45th street in University City.  Joining Lebanese, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Taiwanese, and Argentinean within a minute's walk of each other is this Yemeni café, named after the region in South Yemen near the famous port city of Aden.  All your favorites are on the menu.
For my first visit here I eagerly ordered the Fahsah which came to the table bubbling hot in its cauldron and accompanied by fresh baked Khubz bread right out of the oven.  House made Sahawiq sauce provided a little spice.  Everything was really tasty!  In fact my only let down was the Marag soup.  I like a little more body to mine and a sharper flavor.  But no matter, the good news is that there now exists a Yemeni restaurant in Philly and that it is run by really friendly people who def know what they are doing!OVERCHARGED! The bill was higher than the menu prices and then they insisted the menu prices were "wrong." With such logic, you could be charged anything, so beware. If it weren't for this on principle, it would get 5 stars. The fahsah is very delicious!This place is totally a hidden gem! While on an unassuming corner, when you walk in here, you won't be disappointed. I'd never had Yemeni food before, so I expected it to be like most other middle eastern places. However, I was blown away by the depth of flavor that most of the dishes had. The grilled chicken was succulent and juicy, the fish was grilled and perfectly flaky (probably some of the best fish I've ever had), and the stew was warm and hearty. 
They also have these giant fluffy breads that come as a side with the meal and are baked fresh. The only complaint would be that there isn't much room to sit, but the atmosphere is still nice and cozy.Their lamb Haneeth (lamb with rice. It's nothing but similar to a pot roast but on an
Upgraded level  ) and chicken mandi (chicken with rice) is out of the world. Took a neighbor of mine here and she's ok to post her reviews as well. She rates this as above any 5 star steakhouses. Ambience is ok but lamb haneeth and lamb Fahsa (lamb stew) is top notch . Juicy succulent lamb with meat just falling of the bone . 5 star plus  for less moneyThis place is fantastic. Authentic and delicious Yemeni food, reasonably priced, and in a friendly atmosphere. I've tried a lot of the menu by now, and everything is good, but they're brilliant with lamb. If you're not sure what to get, start with fahsa (a complex lamb stew), and make sure to finish your meal with spiced Yemeni tea.
I'm so happy the neighborhood has a place like this!Disgraceful food. I hope the owner of this place is a fiery Mediterranean man and I can get into a yelling match with him to tell him how I feel. My gyro was insulting and had 8 cubes of burnt chicken and was almost entirely rice.  The French fries were soggy, and cold and pretty pathetic. I vow to talk poorly about Hadramout until the day I die. My children will know and loathe the name.The food was great and the staff is very friendly. The service was quick as well! When I return to Philly I will definitely be going back!