Great Ramen in Fishtown. Hajimaru Ramen is a wonderful new addition to Fishtown's restaurant scene. The menu is diverse with the specialty being Ramen. We selected the Signature Ramen, which was excellent and a complete meal with spicy Tonkotsu pork broth, tender pork belly, marinated egg, several vegetables and, most importantly, an abundance of delicious, al dente noodles. 
One suggestions is to have the dollop of spicy sauce that sits in the middle of the dish served in a small bowl on the side in order to customize the level of "heat" that you want. 
The restaurant is nicely laid out, bright and comfortably roomy with high tops, regular tables and bar seating facing out. 
The staff was very friendly and efficient. 
Welcome to Fishtown. We'll be back.Very generous portions, excellent service, super super super good food.  I'll be a regular for sure.  Good job!  The chicken Katsu was perfectly breaded and fried, and the signature ramen is exceptional.  Highly recommend.Chasu Don, Taki yaki (octopus balls) and signature ramen are delicious. Go to comfort food on a chilly day. Great service and staff! Quick bite!Best ramen in Philly, hands down. I had the signature ramen and the pork buns and they were killer. The staff was very attentive and the ambiance was nice. I'll be back next weekend!They had great service.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  A "must try" from their appetizers are the takoyaki and the karaage chicken.  I had the signature ramen, which was so flavorful with just enough spice. Highly recommended!!Good food fresh veggies good service and very nice atmosphere highly recommend ! This is will be my spot for ramen!!Really good spot for those ramen cravings!  The buns were delicious, the sauce was spot on!  Broth was rich and the signature was really good but the curry chicken was by far the more flavorful bowl.  Definitely coming back!This place was small with limited seating, but the ambiance was nice. I ordered the signature ramen without spicy, a mini tonkatsu curry bowl, and the fried calamari. The signature ramen came with white noodles instead of the classic yellow egg noodles but all the toppings complemented the ramen nicely. Although it was slightly salty, the chasu melted in my mouth and was delicious. The mini tonkatsu curry bowl had a kick of spiciness to it and the tonkatsu was crispy. The fried calamari was pretty good and came with a side of spicy mayo. I would definitely come back here again to try the chasu buns and a different ramen on the menu!Service was fast. Price is average, like every other ramen shop. Small little place. 
We ordered 2 appetizers. 
1. Fried calamari- it was only okay. Sauce was really good.
2. Gyoza- I thought was okay but it was really tiny 
Then I ordered the hajimaru ramen, soup was so good. It's just spicy enough. The preserved egg is on point. Except the noodles was a little hard. 
Overall 4 star because service was good and food was okay. Doesnt stand out to me but isnt bad. I will definitely go back if I'm in the area.Best Ramen in Philly! Hands down! The Tan Tan & Signature Ramen are a must try. Rice dishes are amazing and the apps are all delicious. Gyoza was perfect. Japanese sodas are yummy too. Service was awesome and food came out super fast. Definitely feeling the vibe of the place too!Best ramen I've tried. Their signature ramen is incredible. Certainly best in Fishtown. 
Yes, better than the other spot you're thinking ofWe started with the Gyoza and Chasuba as starters. Both were delicious. For entrees we had the chicken katsu rice bowl and tan tan Ramen. Shared both and again top notch. Having moved to the area from Hawaii we missed good Ramen and have found a winner. Hospitality was awesome as well.Comfortable atmosphere with delicious ramen. The waitstaff was extremely friendly. The Tan Tan was a hit and a friend got one of their bowls as a side and it was very good.I shall start my review that twice we got turned away as the first time we got there at 3pm during their soft opening and second time there was a sign GRAND OPENING and timetable was not showing that they are still closed from 3-4pm - just BE AWARE if you are planning to get there between 3-4pm make sure they are opened ( better call them)
But we made it from the 3rd round.
We ordered takojaki (octopus balls) - my husband liked them as they had a little bit of spicy kick in it but my personal opinion - the batter felt like a little bit uncooked or too softy and octopus was a little bit too chewy. All in all not bad!
I tried miso ramen with extra mushrooms on the side       (
They have their own broth and I am not sure if I am loving it) - it was good. 
On cold days if I am in the mood I shall by and have some ramen as I live not far and you should give a try too once you are in the area.Calamari oozed grease and that is all you tasted, Calamari balls mostly dough ball of grease with 2 small tiny oieces of calamari.  Vegetable and signature ramen nothing special, bland no taste broth, just blah, waste of time and moneyThis review is specific to the one vegetarian ramen option. I was excited to try the new neighborhood place, but should have known based on their menu that this is not a restaurant for non-meat eaters. The vegetarian ramen was completely bland and flavorless. I would have been better off eating a 50 cent ramen from the 7-11 across the street. If vegetarians are looking for a good ramen, I would recommend Stock or Cheu as much better options in the neighborhood.Just had a tasty lunch at Hajimaru Ramen. We sat by the window and enjoyed several appetizers and a delicious bowl of chicken katsu curry ramen.  Next time we will try the skewers and chashu buns. Service was very friendly, atmosphere simple clean and contemporary. My son goes to Temple and we are always looking for new places to try, we will definitely be back.Stopped by just after 5 on 2/6/2019 excellent service and very tasty food. I highly recommend you go.
Food: We had the shio ramen, signature ramen, tako yaki, chashu buns, and calamari. Food came out quickly. Chashu buns were well balanced and delicious. The calamari was simply fried I a tempura and perfectly crisp. There was a generous amount of bonito flakes over the tako yaki taking which was in my wife's words "the best tako yaki she's ever had." 
Both ramen bowls were a good size portion, both of our broths were delicious, the shio was light and delicate, the signature a delicious spicier version of the tonkotsu broth with a bunch of extra toppings added. The noodles were great and all of the accoutrements had a level of care in their preparation. The menma (bamboo shoots) and marinated eggs particular my stood out in comparison to other ramen shops I have eaten at as being well seasoned. 
Service: I was warmly greeted by staff. Service was attentive and nice without being overbearing. Empty dishes were promptly cleared and water was refilled when low. 
Space: The interior has a seaside industrial feel with rusted corrugated steel tiles in the ceiling and wood walls and tables. Some There are 2 long tables with 6 seats and 2 bars facing out the windows all with tall stools. Walls have some Japanese woodblock style prints to add a bit of flair. Overall welcoming environmentThis place is fairly new in my neighborhood and I went here like a month ago with my aunt. The food was a little bit too spicy for me (but I like spicy food) but that didn't stop me from eating it because it was beyond good and the service was amazing. It was such a great portion of food too ! Definitely will be coming back very soon !They're still working out the kinks but the service was good and the food was excellent. I'm not a ramen connoisseur but I enjoyed my meal. I don't like the seating, it's too cramped and you end up sharing tables with strangers but other than that would recommend!Really a gem!!! I was recommended by a close buddy of mine about this place. It just opened a few days ago. It not hard to find, located right on 2nd and Girard. Parking wasn't hard to find. Got there around lunch time and man this was getting packed. The place isn't huge, seats probably about 25 to 30 people. So get there fast and early. Got my seat right away and was handed a menu. The menu is simple and small which made it fast to go through. And it didn't take me long to decide which I like. Because you will know they focus their time and work on perfecting their foods. 
I got their signature ramen Hajimaru spicy ramen with a side order of chicken katsu over curry rice. Chicken was marinated well and fried perfectly with panko bread crumbs. Rice is a Japan short grain rice (sushi rice). It's cooked on point. People sometimes don't know or don't understand. Japanese rice is a little more sticky than jasmine rice or balsamic rice. Like all rices, to much water it's mush. Too little, it's inedible and grainy. The curry sauce has a little heat to it. Spicy but not to point where it burns your mouth. Just enough to compliment the spices. It's also a very fragrant curry sauces. 
The ramen, pork broth base. To ramen the broth is the key to make or break you. It takes year of training and tweaking to get it up to standard. They got it right. Light and milky pork bone broth where it doesn't leave you with greasy lips. Not that there anything wrong with it. You can taste the full porky flavor with just one sip. You can also tell it took at lease 7 to 8 hours to prepare. Not overly seasoned like a lot of place do. These guys kept it simple and let the broth shine like a star. I've gotta say like drugs, one sip and you'll be hooked. 
The ramen they use is a fresh,straight and thin type. They cooked al dente the way it should be cooked. The cha shu is nicely charred and tender. It's melt away in your mouth tender. It's you don't have to chew tender. I also taste a hint of soy in the pork belly which made it even more tasty. I have to say it's one of the best cha shu I've had in a long time. But I can't forget about the soy marinated soft boiled egg. The egg is so good I have no words. Creamy yolk and marinated in what I think is soy base marination. 
I'm impressed really impressed. Not only do they have great ramen but fried curry chicken katsu over rice is a killer. The pork belly bao is no joke either. I've got to say the ramen scene in philly just got another strong competitor. I'm definitely going back to try the whole menu. Go give this a try fast and you won't be disappointed.I had high hopes for this place but was sadly disappointed. The broth lacks flavor and the noodles they use are skinnier than typical ramen noodles which is one of my favorite things about ramen. Not impressed and won't be returning.Good ramen and excellent service. Was not NYC ramen but a close second for sure. Service was top notch!Cozy atmosphere with friendly staff.   Great addition to the neighborhood.  For $3 you can get a mini rice bowl with curry and cutlet along with your ramen.  Was satisfied and full.  Toki Yaki was really good,  crispy and loaded with squid and shrimp.
Tasty meal overall thanks!Really great spot. Convenient location, nice atmosphere, good service and delicious food. We got the pork buns, signature ramen and tan tan ramen. Everything was awesome. Definitely going to be my go-to place for Ramen.I'm very sad that this place was disappointing to me. I got the got their signature ramen and the pork buns. I liked the toppings on the ramen, especially the bamboo shoots, but the broth lacked depth, a little bland, and I didn't really like the noodles. I loveeeee ramen,  but I felt like the ramen was too doughy? It almost had that hand drawn noodle texture, but I prefer a lighter noddles for ramen. The pork buns were average. The servers were nice and prompt. The place filled up pretty quickly for a Monday night. I hope before their grand opening they can make some tweaks, especially the ramen since it's a pretty pricey $15. We sat on the low top table and it really bothered me that the chairs were way too low for the tables. I'm not that short and I felt like I was shriveled up  eating my food.. I would try to sit on the high top tables if possible. I don't want to give a horrible rating but this is my honest opinion!What a wonderful place!
A convenient location by the intersection of Frankford and Girard. A cool, moderate sized location with attentive, friendly staff. 
Food was really good. Got the octopus balls, which I really enjoyed. Their appetizer menu looked really good - wish I gotten more. The people next to me got the chicken katsu - which looked crispy and delicious. But I was very happy with my choice - crispy on the outside, warm and yummy center, with perfect toppings of spicy mayo and bonito flakes. 
I forgot the name of the ramen I got (oops) but it was really good. The broth had lots of flavor. The chashu was tender. I enjoyed the other toppings of bamboo, marinated egg, and bean sprouts (which I normally don't like - but worked well with this). 
Five stars. Would bring friends here and then head right over to Garage next door.Cute little gem in Fishtown. We had the Chashu don, signature ramen and karaage chicken, loved all three dishes! The chicken was juicy and flavorful, great as a starter to share. The ramen was perfect for a cold winter day, broth was flavorful and sliced pork belly was super tender. Added a side of corn to the chashu don and mixed it in with the rice, the diced braised pork and sauce, it was delicious!. Will definitely be back!Best new ramen place!!!  The ramen and rice bowl was so flavorful can't wait to go back for more.  Gonna have to try out their appetizers next time was too full.  Definitely going to have to try out the rest of the menu!!  My new go to spot for my ramen fix a++ for the service and cleanliness I would definitely recommend to my friendsLet me go right ahead and say it - Hajimaru is better than their hipster counterpart, Cheu, and for that matter, most ramen shops in Philly. Prob not quite on the level of Terakawa but definitely top 3. We're splitting hairs here.
If you're in Fishtown, you might go to Cheu for the happy hour inebriation and ambiance, but Hajimaru is the go-to for a fuss-free dining experience and of course, authentic noodles (no weird matzo ball in your soup here). We've order a variety of things from the menu and have come here multiple times. The signature ramen is our favorite as well as karaage chicken appetizer.
Oh yeah, and they're BYOB. Happy hour is not necessary.The best ramen I've ever had. I love that they give a vegetarian option for the broth. Incredible food, excellent service and very clean bathroom. I think it's my new favorite spot.Hajimaru Ramen is a great edition to Fishtown, featuring great 90's and current hip hop and decent ramen . It's a a solid choice for a casual night out.Great soup and pork bun. Little bit pricy, but it's acceptable. I did both eat in and take out. Eat in of course better, but take out is not so bad too. It took them about 30 mins to delivery. I heated the soup up a couple mins. It was great! I'll do it again.Delicious broth, quality ingredients. I had the spicy special one. We also got the karagge chicken, which was pretty good too. I loved their drink selection, including a refreshing sparkling Yuzu one. Friendly staff. I will definitely be backThis place was a bummer. We were so excited to have a new ramen place in our neighborhood but sadly after trying we will not return. The Tan Tan noodles had no flavor at all. We asked for a chili paste or something of spice to kick it up a notch and received something very similar to the bland flavor of sriracha. The TanTan noodles tasted like your standard grocery pack of ramen, in fact we have had better store bought ramen noodles in terms of the noodle and flavor from spring garden market.
We also got the Chashu buns and Karaage chicken, both were not very good with hardly any flavor. The Karaage chicken breading and the meat texture were quite strange as well.
Overall, sad to say that everything was a a bit disappointing.Pretty good ramen I would definitely come back.  Had the shoyu ramen with roast pork belly.  A good broth is the most important part of the dish and my broth was delicious and savory.  Waiter was pleasant and the vibe was energetic as well. The restaurant and restroom were very aesthetically pleasingly.So happy this place opened here! I went for dinner by myself which was a nice treat I rarely enjoy. The service is impeccable, all of the employees are friendly and helpful. I'm indecisive when it comes to food and asked my server for a recommendation, he recommended the Tan Tan. I was not disappointed and got a mini chicken curry rice bowl to go. They do take out too, can't wait to come back for lunch.Food was delicious. Best ramen I've had. Service was quick. Recommend their signature ramenI drove all the way to the city to pick up food for a date night with my girlfriend only to be utterly disappointed. The ramen was completely void of any flavor or taste. Stay away if you are looking for any semblance of culinary competence!first time here tonight and I will deff be coming back! got the dumplings to start, which was delicious and that sauce that came along with it was my favorite thing . for entrees we got the fried chicken curry ramen and their signature ramen; both were very delicious. the actual fried chicken was served on the side, which I liked so it wouldn't get soggy from the broth. great new addition to fishtown !Finally a legit Ramen place in the neighborhood!! Yummm!! FYI-they tend to do shared seating. Small place but definitely worth checking outThe bomb!  Staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  Ramen is spicy (not over the top) and savory with all kinds of fun ingredients.  Never thought to put fishcake in!  The fried chicken is not to be missed.  Outstanding from top to bottom.YUM! So excited to try another new ramen place. And can we please tako-bout TAKOYAKI TUESDAYS?! Most ramen places I've been to don't have good appetizers, but not only was this takoyaki low flour, high squid content, it was sauced up just enough AND half price on Tuesdays! Really enjoyed it. 
I got the signature ramen which came with FOUR pieces of meat and 2 halved tamago eggs. The broth was good, noodles were well done, eggs were not too salty but sweet enough to have flavor, and meat was well cooked. The meat pieces were pretty thin but since there were 4, not really a big deal. Fiancé got the miso ramen which came with 2 pieces of meat and 1 half tamago egg. His miso ramen was your standard broth. In general, the ramen was well done. Nothing over the top spectacular, just well done. 
We also got the mini chicken katsu curry bowl, and this was a bit disappointing. The meat was well done, but the curry sauce was SO miniscule that it only covered the sides of the rice. There should be enough curry sauce to at least not make you eat plain white rice. There was not enough of the red pickled ginger either. 
Overall, would definitely come back! (especially on Tuesdays!!!)Amazing marinated egg & absolutely devine fried octopus balls! A must try! I was completely impressed by everything i tried in which incidentally was my 1st time to have either dish. I can't say enough about those delicious marinated eggs served in the Ramen. In addition to the delicious food the service was also A+.. 5 STARS of yum!Can't say my friends and I enjoyed our food much. The fried chicken app was prob the tastiest thing we ordered. Ate here with 9 people, we all thought the broth for our ramen was lacking flavor. We all got different flavors of ramen, and we thought the broths needed something. Can't say I'd want to go back.This is my favorite ramen place in Philadelphia! The ramen is flavorful and better than Terakawa in my opinion.  I highly recommend their chicken katsu as well!A new ramen spot in the neighborhood, and it's really good. Had the signature ramen as well as the fried dumplings. The fried dumplings were very tasty and the wonton shell was thin and delicate making them crispier than most fried wontons. 
The ramen did not disappoint spicy and flavorful. I see this place curing my hangovers in the future. 
Also they had some interesting Japanese sodas that were tasty.I've eaten here at least once a week since they opened.  This place is great!  The Signature ramen is delicious! Sometimes I order it "not spicy" and it is still wonderfully flavorful.  The marinated eggs rock!  The rice bowls are also amazing with the rice cooked perfectly.  The gyoza are a favorite for my 6 and 11 year olds.  The octopus balls are a great starter as well.  If you order more than a bowl of ramen or rice, you had better be hungry because the portions are filling for sure!I've only gotten the rice bowl but was immediately blown away. The staff is really nice and super helpful and the food...OMG!!!! The only thing is now it's not a hidden gem anymore, which I totally get. It was nice while it lasted. I'll be back though!Solid shio.  Usually I get the veggie ramen with either shio or shoyu broth, maybe with cha siu (gotta get my pork in) or with a side of katsu don if I'm sharing with others.  Pleased about the emergence of ramen shops here since moving back from some time spent in LA and Japan.  I feel like this is the most solid of the options, and definitely most chill- nice vibe, dope music, never too crowded, food just plain satisfies me the best.It gets 2 stars because it was still edible. Bao buns were okay. I kind of liked the sauce they put on then. The koraagge chicken was very suspect. I might be misremembering and it's actually "koraagge" fish because the meat seemed flaky and segmented like a fish. The dipping sauce just taste like tartar sauce. We also got the tan tan ramen, which was just really boring. Pretty sure all ingredients were purchased at Acme. The noodles tasted like maruchan noodles. Save yourself some time and money and just make your own ramen. I promise it will taste better.We came to Hajimaru Ramen in philly on a Sunday morning right when they opened back in the middle of February. Quickly, the restaurant began to fill up and soon there was a wait line already forming so we were lucky to grab a table when they opened their doors.
As an appetizer, we ordered the takoyaki. It came out relatively quickly and we very good. Extra hot and the flavor was your typical takoyaki. As for our ramen, I ordered the Signature Hajimaru ramen made less spicy. Our server was very patient and accommodating. The ramen was very filling and there were a lot of variety of toppings in the ramen. Although the broth lacked the flavor I typically like from ramen, it was still really good and warmed me up.
This place is definitely worth a visit!Hajimaru has got to be one of my favorite Ramen places anywhere.  Service is fast and efficient and the Ramen noodles has great consistency and flavor.  Living in NY we frequent many of the top ramen establishments regularly but this surpasses all!Kept seeing this place on my feed and was realllly curious to try cus I'm a sucker for ramen. Nice and attentive staff, solid presentation, I think it's surprisingly a good bang for your buck too. But for ramen, the flavor just isn't so memorable. I'm not saying it's bad, but it just feels like there's something missing.  
Tried the signature ramen - less spicy (which cost an extra $1 btw!!) Makes me think they prob took a shio broth or something and just added less spice rather than using the stock signature broth they had and I appreciated the less spice but beside that I'm not sure the actual broth had as much flavor as I would like. Not much umami/fatty or creamy flavor. Depending on your preferences you might not mind. Same impression on the chicken katsu curry ramen and the mini chicken curry katsu bowl - not a very strong curry like taste. Also for the bowl, they used a very thin curry sauce, not thick like the one at Terakawa. Unlike Terakawa though, the mini bowl here is WAY! bigger and with wayyy more katsu!! 
So besides the broth, I think all of the components of the food here is very well done. The proteins are perfectly cooked: chicken katsu is perfectly breaded with a nice crisp and still moist chicken. The chashu is beautiful and had a great char and flavor! I thinks it's the perfect fat to meat ratio. I find some places go too fatty. Thick noodles with a nice chew. 
Also! Takoyaki - spicy! A bit of a kick. First place I've been to that gives you THREE PIECES OF OCTOPUS!!! A little over cooked tho so it's hard and chewy... I also think it's over doused in sauce so the crisp part of the takoyaki becomes soggy but it's got the flavor and the inside texture down.
Overall, I would return cause it's a decent ramen spot and I'm curious to try their other broths.Went here with my girlfriend and our 2 friends. Great spot in Fishtown for ramen! Three of us got the Tan Tan ramen and the other got the Signature ramen. Broth was so delicious! Totally recommend if you love traditional ramen!The signature ramen was so good! Great spice, and everything together worked so perfectly! I love the extra charshu and two eggs! Definitely one of the more generous portions I've gotten a ramen place with the same quality and a cheaper price! 
Also the pork buns were fantastic!This is my new most loved supper spot in Fishtown. Their mark ramen is astonishing... fiery, impeccably cooked pork midsection, delightful all around.  Fast, cordial, and mindful administration as well! Exceptionally suggest.Extremely good gyoza and ramen! It's kinda small, but definitely serves its purpose. If you're into awesome ramen, a friendly staff, and delicious gyoza, this is a must-try.The food was great and the place looks great. And they played some of the dopest old school hip hop! Lol. Definitely recommend this place to check out.Loved the skewers of chicken, beef, and asparagus. The buns with pork belly and spicy mayo were legit. All ingredients are fresh. Handcrafted with care. Great service. And absolutely loved the signature Ramen!!!Nice little spot in Fishtown... My ramen was great but my wife had the veggie ramen and said it lacked flavor. 
Not a lot of seating. Staff was super friendly however and the overall experience was great.Really cute inside. Food was delicious. Got the shoyu ramen and husband got the hajimaru signature ramen. We also got the karaage chicken. Everything was really good and tasted like warmth. The karaage chicken's accompanying sauce has a nice tang to it. The egg in the ramen was delicious and the broth is really good. Customer service was on point. Would definitely come here again!!This restaurant is a new entry to the developing ramen scene in philly. I was there when they had a  soft opening of the restaurant. So it was well crafted limited menu.
I got the karage chicken for the appetizer. It was crispy and good. I then got the signature ramen and loved it. The chashu was cooked really good and it had a very distinct flavor. I'm planning to get a side of it the next time i'm there. The tonkotsu broth was good too but I've had better. It lacked a bit of flavor and consistency but I think the chashu balanced it out. 
And I also would like to appreciate the crew working there. They were welcoming and were courteous enough to accommodate our party when we arrived 10 mins late to our reservation. 
Good luck guys!We drove an hour to just get ramen and this place was amazing. Just as good or better than the top Manhattan ramen restaurants. Definitely recommend!5 for quick service, convenience, generous portions, and slam dunk katsu. Had the chicken katsu ramen and the noodles were perfectly al dente. Broth was solid but didn't have the depth of pork fat I was looking for. Still, a solid addition to the fishtown food scene and I would def come back for the katsu and winter weather ramen cravings.Always ride past here during my morning commute and finally decided to drop in for lunch!  Not disappointed at all!!  Had the Chashu Don rice bowl!! Loved every bit of it!! Food was served fast and the place is clean. Staff i very friendly as well.  Will definitely try more of the menu options.A rare gem in the area.  This spot is amazing.  The ramen broth is filled with rich flavor where it is not overly salty.  The chicken and steak skewer are nicely charred and juicy.  The service was excellent.  Highly recommend this place for a quick bite that will leave you satisfying.SO GOOD! Just ordered for the first time and the ramen was amazing. The chashu was so soft and melted apart. The broth was amazing. Great price for the size of ramen and huge cup of broth I wasn't even able to finish! Will definitely order again.This is one of the best ramen I've had in a while. The staffs are friendly. Shoyu Ramen and Takoyaki is my favorite. It's open style kitchen so you can literally see your being made. Oh and they have some rare Japanese sodas I've never seen before.  I definitely recommend this place to friends and family.Hands down better than terakawa! 
The Hajimaru signature ramen was fire. 
We went to Hajimaru Ramen then frankford hall for drinks after. By the way, don't sleep on the appetizers, they are bomb. Order the mini curry bowls, they are dope. The drinks are ard'One of my top 3 ramen places in Philly! Based off of tonkotsu broth, they make spicy, miso, shoyu (soy sauce), shio (salt), or curry ramens! Although their broth is not my favorite in the city (though that's probably more based off of personal preference), their chasu is melt-in-your-mouth slow-cooked goodness! Their eggs are also perfectly soft boiled and marinated. Plus, when you order ramen, you can add a mini-rice bowl for just $3! I ordered the tonkatsu curry, which was perfectly crispy and juicy. 
Will definitely be returning!tl;dr a modern ramen bar, delivering a trimmed down menu featuring Japanese street-food classics
Alongside the likes of Cheu Fishtown and Sarvida, Hajimaru Ramen is a reflection of Fishtown's burgeoning food scene, offering an interesting take on Asian cuisine at an affordable (albeit, slightly premium) price.
The small room maximizes its space, opting for reclaimed-wood hightop tables and family-style seating. Paper lanterns hang from the rusted tin ceiling. Replicas of traditional Japanese woodblock prints lie opposite a decal of a vibrant Japanese alleyway. Japanese hip hop buzzes quietly in the background. A corner storefront, Hajimaru is flanked by windows on two sides. While this is perfect for your people-watching needs, be warned -- in the early afternoon, the sunset will shine directly in your eyes, and the room will heat up like a greenhouse.
My partner and I stopped in this past weekend for an early dinner. Spots are first-come, first-served, so be sure to get their early for choice seating -- the room was filled by the time our food arrived.
We shared the Tako Yaki and the Hajimaru Signature Ramen. The former consisted of big chunks of octopus, mixed in a doughy batter and deep fried. The result was almost like a baked potato, with a crisp skin around the creamy interior. Topped with spicy mayo and pungent fish flakes, these were the ideal palate whetter for our main course. The ramen was borderline large, served in a savory, subtly spicy broth. I enjoyed the vinegary egg, but I found the pork to be chewy rather than buttery, and the noodles were somewhat undercooked.
For $30, Hajimaru leans toward the pricey side for ramen. While it's a strong addition to the Fishtown neighborhood (I definitely would go here over Cheu Fishtown), I can't see myself ever going out of my way to go there -- not when I live closer to the OG Terakawa in Chinatown.A really cute ramen spot right in the heart of fishtown. Communal hightop seating and a ton of windowed walls letting you look out to Girard Ave. the restaurant is small so not good for large groups. We had the karaage chicken app and dumplings- both excellent. I enjoyed my ramen and the meat was sooo tender.This place is phenomenal!  The food is amazing and the service is always exceptional.  Highly recommend it.   Their ramen is always on point and my favorite dish is the Chashu Don.Nice location,easy to find it,two hours free parking,ant the ramen taste so good,I really love it.I grew up in Japan and know my ramen - if you are looking for typical street ramen it might not quite be ur but don't right it off - it's awesome in its own way! I'm a huge Terakawa fan but I'm so glad I have a local ramen place to walk to if i do t feel like driving to center city! The staff is awesome and the atmosphere is chill..def recommend Hajimaru!Hajimaru is the newest addition to the ramen restaurants in Philadelphia. I got the signature ramen with no spice, the ramen was on the salty side but overall I would not order it again. I also got the Chashu pork bowl on the side with my ramen, the pork was soft and amazing. I totally recommend the chashu pork over the ramen for sure! Another factor to consider is the small number of tables and seats. But overall a great place to hang out with a small batch of friends.Shio Ramen was excellent, the broth was light, but rich enough  with a well rounded balance of saltiness .  Chashu was tender and still had a good amount of chew , flame char cut down the richness of the fatty meat and added another level of flavored . Service was prompt and kind . This place has taken a notch up on the ramen game in Philly .While I'm not a huge gambler, I hit the jackpot here. I had the signature house ramen and wow...what flavor! It had just enough spice so it wasn't overpowering the rest of the other fantastic ingredients: I'm talking mushrooms, scallions, tender slices of pork, a whole marinated egg, bok choy, and baby corn. No shame as kept my face in that bowl until there was no more! Also, Tuesdays are Tako Yaki Tuesday where it's half price. 
Service was excellent and bathroom was fresh and clean. Really cute spot that looked to seat around 15 so super cute date spot as well. Cant wait to come back!This place has some quality Ramen with super fast delivery!  Tons of meat and such a tasty broth! I've had both their ramen/rice and I have to say their flavor is spot on.  Even their takeout/delivery is plentiful!  Definitely worth trying out!