The new Han Dynasty took over the spot where the old Mid-Atlantic restaurant (with the unchanging menu) was. I like the Han Dynasty here a lot more than the one in Olde City even if I give both 4*. Maybe I'm biased, because I love the service here. They've always been very nice, and came over to check in with me and just make some small conversation when they heard I had a peanut allergy (even though they had no peanuts in any of the dishes I ordered; I think it was Han's sister?). I've been to this Han Dynasty more times in a month than the number of times I've been to the other.
Note though, that the different branches have different specialties. I heard the dan dan mian in Olde City is the best, but the one in UC isn't so good (I wouldn't know since it has peanuts). Overall, I think it;s okay food wise, still not spicy enough as with the other branch. But I like the layout and atmosphere a lot more.
Next, if you go during lunch, you can ask for lunch portions, that are smaller than the dinner portions, and half the menu price! So it's a great lunch place too, alone, or in a group of 2 or 3.Awesome food, great place to split a bunch of delicious spicy, ultra flavorful dishes with a large group. It's the Chinese restaurant a lot of people know about for good reason - I haven't had a single bad dish here, and it's always a crowd-pleaser.I've had the fortune of eating my way across Asia Pacific, so I might be biased in saying I don't understand the rave reviews. I will say though that the conversation and company I was with more than made up for this!I waited a long time to finally try this place and I have to say I was let down a bit. I tried the mandatory Dan Dan noodles. They were very flavorful and not too spicy. Nothing mind blowing here just a really good lo mein or spicy pasta dish with virtually no protein more or less. Also had the scallion pancakes. I was just in Chinatown recently at a place I also reviewed (first person from Yelp to do so) and they were way better there. ( I highly recommend you try that place) These were more like quesadillas laying flat where as the other ones jumped off the plate and were so much more crispy and substantial. The last appetizer I had was the Wontons in Chilli oil. These were just not good to me at all and one bite was all I needed. Basically it is steamed Wontons in a bowl with the soup being the chilli oil. Just heavy heavy choking heat with very little substance or taste. Take those same homemade wontons and pan fry them with some chilli peppers and a nice light sauce and you have could a real winner but I digress. Finally we tried the Talapia Medallions . These were fried to perfection but there were some greens mixed in that I could not chew through and had to discard via the old napkin trick which to me is a bit of a deal/star breaker.
The service was very good and the atmosphere very nice but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. All I could think about was how much more I prefer Cantonese style where its all about flavors and you can add heat as you like it. I'm sure I could find better authentic Szechuan cuisine that better suits my taste just not here. It feels very commercialized and Americanized. I prefer the hole in the wall places where I am the only caucasian in the place a heck of a lot more.Ok. I am not the type to complain, but I have been here twice and both times I have had terrible service at the bar. The first bartender served me but acted as if I was bothering him.  This second time, with a completely different bartender mind you, it was worse. I am not dressed like a street person or anything, and I am not pan-handling. But you would think that I was the way he acted. First, I sit at the bar and I am waiting for service. So, the bartender walks by me, pours a glass a water, turns in front of me, puts the water down, gives me some stupid half-grin then walks off. Not one audible word of greeting or a grunt passed between his lips. Then, he gets a menu, drops that down and walks off again! Not a sound. Is it me, but when a customer enters an eating establishment, shouldn't they be greeted in some manner?  Not looked at like "why are you here. I have better things to do"?  I am not looking for a royal salute or anything. Just "Hey man, what can I get ya?"  or something to that affect.   Anyway, I start to look at the drink and food menus. Then, a group of anywhere from 10-15 people come in behind me and say, to what looked like a manager, "We don't want to eat, is it ok if we just have a few drinks at the bar?". The manager says "Sure." The guy then says, "Can we get few beers down here"? (paraphrasing). The bartender says "Sure!" and proceed to service this group, one-by-one, as they order drinks. Ok, fine technically, I was looking at the menu when this started. But still, he walked back and forth, right in front of me, for about 10-12 minutes. Not once did he say, "Hey, just shout and I will get you something", or "Hey man, just give me a few minutes and I will be right with you". Nothing!  It was obvious it was a big group, but I mean, he gave no acknowledgement to the fact that I was sitting there waiting! 
Long story short - after this 10-12 minutes of waiting, I just walked out and went somewhere else. Now this place has about 4\5 stars with around 500 reviews. So, I guess people like it. But their bartenders are as unfriendly as I have ever encountered.  Maybe if you get a table it's different.Amazing. Ham Dynasty is an interesting execution of really good Asian food. It's "family style" which means they bring each dish out as soon as it's ready and you're supposed to share. And when they say "as soon as it's ready" they mean within 5 minutes of your order. We were amazed at how fast the food came out, and our server was extremely nice and helpful. The menu also has helpful numbers to indicate how spicy each dish is going to be. 
We had a few different dishes for the table, and polished them all off, because we loved almost everything we ordered. 
This place is really a tremendous dining experience.The Han Dynasty was a great venue for our wedding rehearsal dinner! Their dishes are very authentic Chinese cooking and everything we had tasted great. The menu selection and service were excellent, and Megan helped us create a custom menu to mix authentic Chinese and kosher styles, while also incorporating plenty of items for vegetarian and other dietary restrictions. The restaurant comfortably seated 80+ people in their side area with constant, friendly service the whole night. In spite of some misunderstandings on menu totals and pricing, Megan was very patient and accommodating and helped us sort everything out. At the end of the night, our family and friends loved the food and everyone had a great time.
I highly recommend the Han Dynasty to anyone for great food, service, and events coordinating!Han dynasty is amazing as advertised. A bunch of my friends always brag about it and I had to go there. The dan dan noodles are amazing. They're so addictive that I've been craving them since I left the building. Definitely going to make it a regular place to go to on my listHan Dynasty is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  I first found the Manayunk location, and my wife and I ate there several times.  We heard about it from a friend who turned us on to the spicy cucumbers, which are just wonderful.
Eventually I tried the University City location, and it's much more "hip."  I really don't care about ambiance, but if you are seeking a more polished/trendy type of place, go to University City over Manayunk.  The food in both places is just incredible.
Han Dynasty serves food in very large, family sized portions.  It's most fun when you are with a bit of a group, so you can order a number of different things, and try them all.
On their "specials" menu, they have Spicy Aroma Fish which is just absolutely beyond this world.  SO good.  Another major hit was the dry pot style.  My wife and I are big seafood fans, so we get shrimp as the protein, but you have complete flexibility to pick whichever protein suits your taste.
They have numbers on the menu, 1-10, beside each dish.  This is the relative spiciness rating.  It's really hard to describe the type of heat in these Szechuan dishes... it isn't the kind of heat that just burns your mouth.  The heat is very strong, but it's all flavor.  
Dry pepper style is another type of preparation that we have tried and loved.
Several reviews mention the Dan Dan noodles... they are wonderful, but they are indeed rather oily.  It's just the nature of this cuisine.  I think the food is wonderfully prepared, one just has to know that chili oil and sesame oil will make the food a bit on the oily side.  
Absolute top notch rating for this place.  Love it!Couple of notable impressions:
- The first thing that got me was the decor of the place. Chopsticks were made out of red plastic, and the napkin was just paper, not cloth. Water came out in glass cups. The impression was overall a little cheap, which surprised me. On the other hand, the servers did keep water refilled well and tea was presented immediately.
- A lot of the reviews remark that the dishes are very spicy. I was surprised to discover it was pretty tame. The Dan Dan noodles come in at a 6 and it was imperceptible. We got another dish coming in at an 8 which also was hard to notice. Not sure what the explanation might be since I don't consider myself to be especially tolerant, but perhaps I'm more so than I think?
- Service was very fast. I think our food came out within ten minutes. Certainly the Dan Dan noodles were instantaneous.
- Finally, the food itself is delicious. The Dan Dan noodles especially. I also had some kind of dumplings and an entree, I unfortunately can't remember the names, but both were enjoyable as well.
- The bill was a bit pricey. I think they give a lot of food for two, so it's may be justified, just unwanted for two relatively small people. Fortunately, they make taking it home easy if that's something you'd like.
EDIT:
- After visiting a second time with a large group, I discovered they have a very nice seating area for groups (to the right and somewhat below ground). We got a circular table which I really liked for discussion. Definitely would have appreciated a turntable, but no big deal.
- A tip from our server: the spice tends to be the kind that creeps up rather than is entirely overt. Besides water, consuming tea and rice helps to reduce the effect of the spice.The best Szechuan food I have had in center city~
Their food is spicy, yet amazingly flavorful and the ambiance is sure to encourage a fun conversation with those you share your meal with (you'll definitely need a glass of water the first time you visit to handle the sexy heat). For what is expected of Chinese food, it is on the pricier side, but all well worth it.  My favorite recommendations include Dan Dan noodles, Dry Pepper Chicken/Shrimp, and Cumin Lamb.  The service can be slow during busier days such as Friday/Saturday/Sunday, but the waiters/waitresses are very friendly making the wait forgivable.I love this place. Love the Dan Dan noodles, the scallion pancake, the three cup chicken, and all the dumplings. It's delicious, the service is good, and the food is not as agonisingly spicy as some reviews say. It reminds me of all the old Szechuan places on Spadina in Toronto, except marginally better and more upscale. Good, interesting cocktails too.Still without a sign, this Han location might be a bit difficult to find.  We managed to spot it and doubled back.  Unfortunately, the kitchen had just closed.  Luckily, they were willing to prepare us something to go.  We kept it simple on them and ordered the dan dan noodles.  
Don't take the 3-star review the wrong way, the food was great.  However, it seemed no where near as good as the Manayunk location, which I also tried shortly after it first opened.  Considering it was to-go and knowing Han doesn't put out 3-star food, I'll be back (when the kitchen is open) to give them another shot at boosting the score.We would frequent the 37th and Market Street location in Philadelphia.  We  their food!  During our last visit, I felt compelled to report to a Manager some less than hygienic habits of the chef (visible to the patrons).  Upon scheduling to visit not long after, I noticed they earned an F rating.  We were all so disappointed because we loved this place but refuse to eat in any Philadelphia eatery that rates less than a B
I pray they cleaned up their act because that pickled flounder soup is calling my name!Definitely recommend the Three Cup Chicken, Cumin Lamb, and Dan Dan Noodles.
Good to eat in or take-out (but unlimited rice if you eat in!).Great place to go for large gatherings/groups! Family-style eating is best here and even though the taste isn't as authentic as Chili Szechuan on 42nd and Chestnut, that doesn't mean this place isn't wonderful. This place is great for those who love spicy food. I love the Dan dan noodles here! So addicting and the dry pot chicken is awesome. Another recommendation is cumin style chicken, bokchoy with black mushrooms, and scallion style (not spicy)!I love this place.  Love the Dan Dan noodles, dried pepper shrimp, and wontons.   Service is great.  If you want a great dining experience with excellent food, you must try this place.All my co-workers loved this place....since my company was next to the place...all I smell was food from Han Dynasty around lunch hour. I finally took the chance to tried it with my co-worker and i was some what disappointed. I didn't go for any of the spicy stuff but I really did not enjoy it. We ate outside which is probably not the best idea since there were non-stop cars driving by but the food was not as good as i expected to be. Perhaps, I should try the spicy dished next time when I find the courage to go again!!!Staying at the Sheraton at University City, and was looking for a place that was easy to walk and fairly close.  Tried Han Dynasty last night partly because it was recommended by the hotel as well as a couple that was in the elevator.
Interesting that there were three noodle shops with 2 or 3 city blocks.  I really enjoyed the appetizers (dumplings in chili oil) and the entree (garlic chicken).  I know, I know, I was looking for noodles and ended up without.  I think this was mostly because as I was looking at the menu, plates kept going by me, steaming of fresh, Chinese wok flavors. I couldn't resist but to try a little of this and a little of that.
Meal was hot, fresh, flavorful and an excellent recommendation.
On a down side, as I have noticed on this trip, the customer service, servers, waiters don't seem too excited to be working.  They seem tired, uninterested and could care less of your/my experience.  Maybe this is normal in Philly?Excellent spicy Szechuan food.  I have enjoyed everything I've had here.  Service can be a little slow for lunchtime, but the food makes up for it.  If you don't want MSG in your food (I don't), make sure to ask for no-MSG.  I consider MSG to be cheating and I expected better from them.  I honestly think the food tastes just as good without it.I've been a few times, usually with colleagues from the Science Center in the same building. I know this place has fans, but I just don't get it. It just seems like fairly average, overpriced Americanized Chinese food that is perhaps a bit spicier than usual. The have a nice bar if you want to hang out with friends.A friend and I were visiting PA for the first time this Memorial Day weekend.  We were in pursuit of a good place to eat.  We passed Han Dynasty and like the ambience. We decided to give it a try. We sat at the bar area. The two gentlemen working the bar were extremely helpful and welcoming. They explained the menu to us. Everything is cooked fresh.  We love spicy food. The hotter the better; the food was so amazingly flavorful I would drive back from Washington, DC just to eat here again. I had the Cumin Pork spiced to level 10 my friend had chicken fried rice. We like very hot food most places even in DC cannot get the balance of heat and flavor right even when dishes are request extra spicy. Han Dynasty did!! The customer service and the food are worth giving this place a try if you like spicy food.  It would be a great business move for them if they opened one in the District of Columbia. Well done guys!!This review has more to do with the experience rather than with the food. I am writing this review even before I head to the restaurant for dinner tonight and believe me when I say this, that I would never end up eating here if the majority of the birthday girl's party did not insist on eating at Han Dynasty just because she likes the food. 
It takes 2 phone calls and talking to 3 people to get a reservation at this restaurant, that itself is a turn off. The first lady I speak to is flat out rude when I call asking to make a dinner reservation for tonight "We're all booked for tonight and not giving out any reservations" she says before hanging up on me. I call back and a second lady answers and I say I need a reservation for 15 people at 9:30 and she asks for how long? WTF??? "For however long it takes 15 adults to get done with dinner that's how long" She responds saying they close at 10PM and the lady has no clue what day it is and they are open later on Friday's and finally agrees to give me a reservation. 
It is absolutely appalling when people working in the hospitality industry are rude. If you can't be courteous to your guests consider a different profession. I understand you are in the university city area and have to, more often that you like, deal with students but that by no means is an excuse for ill-treating your guests. 
If you expect a 20% tip from anyone they expect to be given a good experience right from the time they call you to make a reservation.I must eat this once a week. It's amazing.  This location is the best by far and we have tried 4 of them now. We have a standing order of garlic chicken, hot sauce beef, and cabbage. Everything balances so well. I don't know how I lived before thisI went to Han Dynasty earlier this week and ordered some noodles and a fish dish. We'd never been there before and when the fish dish came, we took a few bites before realizing it was pieces of pork belly. It was hard to tell at first due to the heavy colored sauce/ vegetables. When we told the server that neither of us ate pork for religious reasons, the server replaced the dish. However, by then we had lost our appetite. When it came time to pay the bill, I was surprised that there was no discount for the mistake they had made. I like the food overall, but the customer service is far from ideal.great Chinese food. They have some of the better dishes and options in the Philly area. 
Really good for vegetarians as well because almost all dishes come with tofu/veggie replacements.I love this place!  At first, I was a little worried because I'm not a fan of spicy food and I was told that Sichuan cuisine differs a little from the Chinese cuisine most people might be accustomed to but I loved it.  We had a waiter who was Chinese who gave us a lot of good information and was able to alter some dishes for us so for those who do not like their dishes too spicy or can't handle a lot of heat, do not worry, because it seems as though they can alter the spiciness to most of their dishes.  We were told which dishes that they were known for and which dishes are "traditional" so we tried the Dan Dan Noodles with less spice and it was delicious!  We were also recommended the Double Cooked Pork Belly, which is something I don't usually like because it's kind of fatty, but it turned out to be great as well.  They also have a cool little happy hour with some cheaper drinks so it's cool to get there a little before dinner, like we did and enjoy some cheaper drinks before dinner.  I wish they had some light beer available since I'm a girl and I'd like to have some lower calorie/lighter options for beer, but it's okay since they have a good wine selection too so I just chose to go with wine.  The food is relatively affordable, it's not Chinatown cheap, but it's not expensive either.  Overall, it was a very delicious meal in a fun, comfortable environment.  Will definitely go back.We were here in Philly for the night and decided to go here on a whim.
So glad we did!!!  The food was delicious.  The dining area was really quite loud. But the food was quite wonderful.  We ordered chicken lo mein and the beef garlic stir fry.  My husband and I liked the lo mein better, but both were delicious.
We are sure you'll like this as much as we did![English review below]
Die chinesische Küche ist nicht auf Platz 1 meiner Heißhunger-Favoriten, aber hin und wieder lasse ich mich dann doch dazu hinreißen.
Das Restaurant ist groß, und auffällig war direkt, dass die Kellner alle gegen meine Erwartungen fast ausschließlich nicht-chinesisch-stämmig sind, was dem ganzen einen Hauch Multi-Kulti verleiht, obwohl es sich um ein chinesisches Restaurant handelt. Die chinesischen Mitarbeiter bereiten das Essen in der Küche zu, was zum Authentizitätswert des Essens definitiv beiträgt.
Die Bedienung war sehr flott und zuvorkommend und konnte sich alle Einzelheiten unserer Bestellung ohne Notizzettel merken (Respekt!). Das Essen war gut.
Guter Laden; kann man nicht viel falsch machen.
Chinese food usually is not on top of my cravings-list, but every now and then it's fine.
The restaurant is quite big. One thing that jumped out to me is that the waiting staff was almost exclusively non-Chinese, at least as far I could see. This makes the restaurant seem very multicultural despite of the Chinese setting and nature of the restaurant. I was told that the Chinese staff is responsible for making the food which makes the food experience seem very authentic.
The waiters were very quick and could memorize all details of our order without writing them down (respect!). The food was good.
All in all a solid choice; you can't go wrong with it.The food is amazing and the prices are reasonable with a good happy hour! The Dan Dan noodles are especially good.Not letting us split the check and also only one bowl rice each table and if we want extra need to play for it and bad serviceReally good food, great seasoning, great quality. Terrific vegetarian options as well. And, a really cool ambience. Definitely a place to check out!I absolutely love this place. Get lots of white rice and be prepared to go on a journey of amazingly spicy food, as well as the payment your body is going to make the next day. Can't wait for them to open one in NYC: I'm going to take all my visiting friends.Han Dynasty is a great addition to University City and West Philly! The food is so good and spicy! This location is better than Old City because you can always get a table, even if you walk in. I have been with large groups (10+ people) and also with small groups, and I have always received great customer service. My favorite dishes are the Dan Dan Noodle, Cumin Style Lamb, Home Style Tofu, and the String Beans w/ Minced Pork.I keep coming back here, and it keeps being impeccable. I'll admit, I was a skeptic, mostly because of that fact that Han Dynasty has become a chain throughout Philly, and deserved or not, operations which open up multiple locations can have a reputation for slacking on standards. If they have at Han Dynasty's University City locations, I think my mind might explode.
The interior is really pleasant, and has a very hip vibe. It's a great place to drop in for lunch, and I've never had to wait long for a table. I would go on about the menu, but I've yet to see anything which I would tell people to avoid. You'll notice at the table that there isn't any sauces or salt and pepper, and that's because everything I've gotten has been properly seasoned before it has arrived. The place is great for groups, as the dishes have been designed for sharing. Do it, do it, do it!I've been hearing about Han Dynasty since before I moved to Philly, people seem to really love this place. It's a bit of a chain restaurant, albeit a small chain, but there are enough locations for me to question how great the food could be across the board. 
The University City location is a few steps away from my office, so I finally decided to try it today for lunch. They offer a decent selection of entrees as part of a lunch special, which prices options between $8.50 - $10.  I was told the lunch special portion size is smaller than you'd get if you purchased a regular entree, but there was more than enough food for me.  I'm still very full 2 hours later. 
I had lunch alone today, so I sat at the bar and they offered complementary water and tea. I also took a look at their draft menu, which had a nice selection of craft brews.  They also offer a decent amount of bottled beer, cocktails, wine, etc. They definitely don't skimp in the bar offerings.
For lunch I had the Garlic Sauce Chicken, which came with rice on the side.  It came out really quickly, definitely less than 10 minutes after ordering.  This surprised me, and not necessarily in a good way, I immediately questioned how good it could be if it was cooked and brought out so quickly. However, my fears immediately went away with the first bite. The food was hot and delicious. I don't think Han Dynasty is trying to offer truly authentic Chinese food, this seemed like an American Chinese dish. That didn't matter though, the food was great and 100% better than any of the surrounding University City Chinese food restaurants and trucks that I've eaten at.  Han Dynasty might be a few dollars more for lunch, but the taste and quantity makes it worthwhile. 
I'll definitely be back with a group to try out their dinner service.Initially, I doubted how good this place would be. It seemed to cater to more American tastes, and as an ABC, I thought it wouldn't be as great as everyone said. However, I was happily proved wrong! I got Dan Dan noodles and pork hot sauce style to share with my friend. It was definitely enough for both of us. The noodles were very delicious with the pork and sauce all mixed in. The pork hot sauce style was just as good, especially with the complimentary rice (by the way, you can ask for more rice if you run out, and it won't cost you more). It was nice and spicy, but you could also adjust the spice, so there's something for everyone. I would give the noodles a 4.5/5 and the pork a 4/5 (it was a little too oily, but that's just my personal taste). 
In addition, they give you tea free of charge! I had always thought that was expected in Chinese restaurants, especially based on my experiences, but it seems that in some Chinese restaurants on the east coast, they charge for tea. So I was very happy to see that I had nice, light tea to complement my food. I left feeling extremely full. Lastly, the atmosphere is really nice, fit for a casual lunch or dinner or a nicer one.The best of the Han Dynasty locations as far a I am concerned, though of course it trends towards insufferable during peak hours when Penn is in full swing. 
Once you know the lay of the land I recommend skipping the great but way overhyped dan dan noodles and getting into the weeds of the menu a bit, it will totally change the character of your meal. 
The house made ginger ale is a hidden gem.Had lunch here today. I live just a few blocks away, but had never come in. I thought from the look of the outside that it was going to be a PF Changs kind of deal, which is a big NOPE for me. If that's your bag, cool, but I prefer more authentic when I can get it. However, at the voice of a friend, I decided to give it a try. 
I got the pork belly double-cooked style, and the taiwanese sausage. The sausage is pretty much exactly what you'd expect, the sweet sausage that you find at Asian groceries, but paired with freshly sliced garlic which took it to another level.
The pork belly was a little drier than I expected. It didn't have exactly the melt in my mouth texture that I tend to associate with pork belly. The sauce, though a little oily, was flavorful and complex. They rated the spice at a four, but honestly I found it pretty mild. I would've put it more at a one or a two.
Despite those few minor nitpicks, this is definitely a place I intend to bring my husband back to to try more things. Maybe next time I'll try the rabbit.I wouldn't want to live in a world without Han Dyansty's dry pot tofu. Everything here is amazing. Scallion pancakes, veg Dan Dan noodles, cumin tofu. But the dry pot tofu is the best food in the whole world.I love Han. (Handy Nasty as I call it.)
I can't say too much more than others have said, but this location is the better of the two I've visited. 
Must: Dan Dan noodles & cucumbers. 
I love: The garlic style with pork or chicken, but I make it a level 7. I've had several other dishes, all adjusted to level 6 or 7 and I really haven't been disappointed ever. (Specifically, I have had the scallion style, hot sauce style, and crispy rice. But seriously, if you can't deal with hot food, this is not the place for you.)
The only thing I've had that I am not a fan of the cumin dish - my boyfriend LOVES it, but it's really dry and powdery to me. 
On the specials menu, the curry is seriously some of the best food I've ever had. It's not szechuan, though, so try that on your later visits if you really want the specialties. 
One day I will work up the courage for the level 10 dishes.Hands down my favorite restaurant in university city. If you've never been to Han you have to try the Dan Dan noodles when you get there. It's out of this world. Sometimes I just get two Dan Dans and a beer or two for lunch. The place is decently spaced out, there's a bar where you can sit at. They have a good selection of brews. 
The food is pretty good too. The menu has spicy ratings next to each item but You can pick the level of spiciness on a scale of one to ten. The service gets slow if when it's busy, mostly kids from Penn and Drexel working there. I would definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Han dynasty at least once if not many more times.I love you, Han Dynasty. 
I love your spicy crunch cucumbers. 
I love your dan dan noodles. 
I love your hot tea. 
I love your dry pots. 
I love your garlic eggplant. 
I love that you have several locations.
I love that the your dishes are consistently fantastic at each one. 
I have loved you from your days in the tiny, two story, beaten up, always busy location in old city until today and will never stop loving you. 
Forever in love,
ChristinaOn a better day I think Han Dynasty probably is worthy of a 5 star review, but I think we went on an off day. All of our dishes were extremely salty or over seasoned. Not so overpowering that we couldn't eat it, but just enough that each small bite had to be chased down by a huge mouthful of rice. 
Service was good. It was busy but we were seated immediately. The only gap was about 15 minutes between appetizers and main courses. 
The Dan Dan noodles was not the sesame paste type that I am used to, but a more beefy noodle and spicy type. It had great flavor.
Both the dry fry pork and the water spinach were tasty but too salty. When were took our leftovers home, by the next day the vegetables had absorbed the rest of the base and was too salty to eat. Had to throw it out.
Great potential. Would give this place another shot.Good Asian food in a nice and lively neighborhood. We ordered shrimp lo-mein and chicken in hot sauce(it was hot) so if u don't  like spicy food then please do not order this :) dinner portion is quite big two people can easily share if you have small appetite. One thing I noticed was that sea food items like fish and specially shrimp dishes are priced little too much compare with other proteins. But the place is a keeper and I will go back.I love Han Dynasty. I've been to this location a bunch of times, and each time I am so happy! There is always at least two good beers on draught, and the food is consistently amazing. I went on a very, very cold winter's night, a Sunday, with my husband. We  got there around 6:45pm and got seats at the bar right away, despite the crowd. It was hopping! Not sure why, to be honest, but no problem for us. 
We had two good beers that were on draught, and ordered our favorites, Spicy Cucumber and Dan Dan Noodles. They were perfect, as always. We ordered extra spice - level 8 on both, which is good if you like REALLY SPICY food. Heck I think we could get more next time. 
Will I go back? YES FOR SURE.I have only lived here for about a year, but Han dynasty is my favorite restaurant in Philly. They have a 1-10 spice scale and in some dishes a 10 is actually very hot. Just how i like it. The food is also delicious in general. My favorites are the dan dan noodles (a must), the kung pao chicken (nothing like what you get at your avg Chinese restaurant) and the spicy cucumbers. I think I've tried just about everything on the menu and it's all great. Portions are huge. Two people with big appetites can leave stuffed, and with leftovers for less than $40. 
Also all of the servers I've had have been very nice and without mistakes despite how busy the place gets.Had a quick dinner with a friend and it was awesome in & out in 40 minutes...we are able to have our food, eat it, and get it packed up and out the door a sap without any issue with the food taste...it was amazing well-prepared well l-season...awesomeness. I had the pepper chicken amazing, amazing, amazing...next time I come to Philly I definitely would stop here!!
*Forgot about this, I had to deduct a star for food delivery. It was not timed so that we (2 people) had our food at the same time...basic waiter rules!There are some restaurants where I just want 1 dish and I can never get enough of it.
This is one of them.
so my actual review is going to just be three  words
Dan Dan NoodlesVisited with a group of 18 for the tasting menu.  Soooo much food!!!  Service was great, food was awesome.  I will definitely do that and visit again!  Many thanks to Megan for arranging everything in such short notice.~~~ Updated ~~~ 
Han Dynasty serves semi-authentic Sichuan cuisine. Sichuan cuisine is known for its spicy and numbing flavours, courtesy of the hot peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. Han Dynasty's food is only semi-authentic, because while the food does have those classic Sichuan flavours, they also goo & sugar it up with excessive sugar and starch.
See the grade report for a handy guide to Han Dynasty's dishes: 
A-range dishes are recommended
B+ dishes are solid and are worth a shot, though not outstanding.
~~~ FOOD ~~~ 
A+ (EXCELLENT = 5 stars)
Sesame noodles (deep delicious sesame flavours!)
A (4 stars)
Dry pot fish (tender pieces of fish in a spicy chili oil & hot pepper-based sauce)
Szechuan french fries (yummy crispy potato matchsticks fried with hot peppers)
A-
Cumin style beef
Pea leaves with garlic
B+ (3 stars)
Spicy Cucumbers in Chili Oil
Scallion pancake
Cumin style lamb/tofu
Dry pot style beef
Scallion style shrimp
Cabbage with dry peppers
Bok Choy w/ Black mushrooms
Spicy and Sour Shredded Potatoes
B
Dan dan noodles
Mung bean noodle
Cumin style chicken
Double cooked style pork belly
Scallion style lamb
Hot sauce style scallops
Eggplant with garlic sauce
B- (2 stars)
Wontons (pork) in chili oil 
Hot sauce style tofu
Vegetarian ma po tofu (without pork)
C
Spicy hot pot (bland hodgepodge swimming in chili oil)
Garlic sauce style tofu/shrimp
Three Cup Chicken
Fried noodles / lo mein
D
Curry chicken
F (AVOID)
Fried veggie dumplings
~~~ DRINKS ~~~ 
Drinks are good. Nice varied beer selection. Some mixed drinks are better than others; I've enjoyed the Peach Cobbler Sazerac.
~~~ SERVICE ~~~ 
Service in the restaurant is generally helpful, although it's rather uneven and sometimes bizarre.  Recently, I was in a group planning to order the most expensive level of tasting menu available. The waiter recommended the $25 level (the second lowest level), disregarded all attempts to order the more expensive tasting menu, and basically insisted that the $25 level would be fine for us.  Then, they ended up bringing out some pretty bad, unappetizing food (i.e., C-range and below).Went here for my birthday this past weekend. We had a group of 16 and did the tasting menu at the $25 level. Lots of food and everything was delicious, I think we were all a bit delirious afterward. They packed up all of our leftovers so I have several days worth of chinese food in my fridge now. They were very attentive and made special accommodations because I have a shellfish allergy.
One thing to note that they didn't tell us when we were making reservations: they can only handle 2 cards for a check, so bring cash unless you want to run to 7-11My friend and I had lunch here to celebrate the beginning of our school semester. We ordered the crispy cucumbers and a serving of dan dan mien each. Dan dan mien could probably serve two, but we were too greedy and wanted a bowl each. Noodles were neither too firm nor too mushy. There was a good mix of creamy from the peanut butter and the spicy. The cucumbers were cool and spicy, very refreshing when eaten with the dan dan mien. Decent service. The noodles were served within 5 minutes of ordering too, great for hungry people!When a friend suggested we try Han Dynasty, I wasn't sure what to expect. I'd heard it was a "nicer" Chinese food restaurant, almost like P.F. Changs, but I didnt quite get it until I walked in. I was a little disappointed with the service at first because the hostess did not acknowledge of bother to greet us for a good 5 minutes. The decor of the place was trendy and unique with lots of red. Definitely a step up from P.F. Changs if you ask me, and better lit. I let my friend order for us because he'd dined there before, and we ended up getting the dan dan noodles with pork and the chicken dry pot. We asked for extra spicy sauce on the noodles and the waiter was more than happy to oblige - they definitely had a kick, but nothing we couldn't manage. Overall a solid meal with plenty of food for a very reasonable price!Having tried the new NYC branch of Han Dynasty, I was super excited to try one in its hometown while visiting Philadelphia.
Food definitely didn't disappoint! Really rich, strong flavors which are potentially not quite authentic Sichuan, but a slightly modernized version that has something addictive in it. The menu here is also much wider than the menu in the NYC branch.
I really recommend the spicy crispy cucumbers to start and the dry pepper fish, although to be honest I haven't gotten a dish here that I haven't liked.
If you're not a huge fan of spicy food, you probably won't like Han Dynasty; their 'spice scale' is also not very accurate at all, as there are some level 10 dishes that are barely spicy.I heard a lot about the new location on Penn's campus but didn't get a chance to go until today. I was hesitant about the family style at first, but am pleasantly surprised with the portion-size. Our waiter, Anthony, is extremely helpful and knowledgeable and provided with very good service. 
I agree with the reviews that say to order one less dish than the party size. I went with a party of 7 around 7:00, and we haven't eaten anything all day. We order 7 dishes and were stuffed by the end and even had leftovers. 
I was expecting a relatively large bill but the final cost is less than what we estimated per person. 
Not everyone in my party eats spicy food, so we got mild (around 2 or 3 stars) for most dishes, and everyone seems to be okay with that level. Rice is included with the entrees and there are free refills which is helpful in helping wash the spiciness down. Our table really enjoy the Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil even though we kept it at 10 stars. I would definitely go back again and I could say that my experience would be even better now that I know what to expect from it!Have been many times for lunch, and I'm always happy.  The latest visit, however, was for a banquet at the end of a conference (on Koreans in China), and the crowd I was with had an absolutely fabulous time.  The staff covered the lazy Susan on our table for 12 with dishes; we ate until stuffed--and then the waiter took off what was left (and packed it up for take-home) and announced that we had finished the APPETIZERS and they would shortly bring the main dishes!  So they covered the lazy Susan again, and we ate until stuffed again, and we all divided up leftovers to take home.  It was a stupendous evening.  Everything was delicious, but particularly memorable dishes included lobster stuffed with crab, tripe, lamb with black bean sauce, pork belly hot pot, dan dan noodles, cold noodles and more.Probably the place to go for Chinese food in University City.  Great selection of Taiwanese and Sichuan dishes, including 3 cup chicken, beef and tripe w/ chili oil, and flash fried items.  1/2 star off for the really variable portion sizes given the relatively similar prices that will usually leaves me hesitant to try new items.  1/2 star off also for the unimpressive level of spiciness of the 10's on the menu.  It would be amazing if they made it more spicy. 
Basically, my recommendation for a nice evening meal without going down to Center City.  Great service (shoutout to Patrick), moderate prices, and great flavors even if its not my preferred level of spiciness.My favorite place to eat. Go there at least once a week and the staff is always so nice and helpful. The dry pot style beef is by far the best thing ever. Would highly recommend to anyone in the area. I found that the Old City food is just as good but the service isn't.Worst Chinese/Asian food ever. Ordered appetizers and entrees together and entrees were on the table within 3 minutes after ordering but no sign of appetizers. Well I can live with that if the quality of food is good. We ordered two fried tofu dishes and believe it that tofu was definitely refried from a pre-fried tofu as it was filled with oil which explains why they were out in 3 minutes. Any of the vegetables in any of the dishes including lo-mein weren't fresh. There was no flavor to any of the dishes, no spices, not even salted properly. The only thing we could taste was oil, oil and oil. One of the person from our party did get sick right after we left the restaurant.
Try at your own risk.I've been exploring han's dynasty and here are my preliminary rankings (1 is best)
1. Exton
2. Old City
3. Manayunk
4. University City
Coming in at the bottom of the list, this location has a hip ambiance with a nice bar that saves it from 1 star. The dry pot was swimming in soup (more like a wet pot) and other dishes had execution issues as well.Great local chain that's not scared of making things spicy. The Dan Dan noodles seem to be the must order dish. They get tossed by the staff table side as it's rumored the owner doesn't trust customers to do it properly. Hilarious and he's probably accurate if true. The noodles are more than fine but I enjoyed the Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce was sublime. Served cold, spicy, sweet, fatty, porky goodness. Place was very busy which is always a good sign. Service was efficient and lunch was served at blazing speeds. Decor looked like a scaled back version of PF Changs, more sterile than most Chinese restaurants.I LOVE Han Dynasty! The food here is amazing and the service is pretty good. I've been to the Ucity and Old City in Philly and like the Ucity one much better. My only bummer about this past visit was I felt their portions were very different from the past. I felt like I got half the food I usually do for the same price.The spice level is just right, numbing with heat, the Szechuan classics are correct, the West Philly location is lively with a full bar, and great prices. So why only 3 stars? Because each time I eat here, the happy post-meal glow is followed by the symptoms of MSG overdose. Headache, dry mouth, drowsiness, etc. Please, Han Dynasty, stop using or at least cut down on the MSG so I can love you without regrets!!!This place is SERIOUSLY amazing! I literally over eat every time Im here, in a good way :) Their dan dan noodles, onion pancakes, curry tofu dish, and vegetable dumplings are amazing. The spice level is incredible and the authenticity of this food is beyond anything. Also another major plus is their HUGE strong alcoholic fish bowls, totally necessary to buy this if you visit!Well the food was good...and then a mouse scurried by our table. Better on the floor than in the food but oddly enough we were still presented with a bill. Come on Han Dynasty!The food is Szechuan at its best. The food is HOT!  I highly recommend the Dan-Dan noodles at the spice level they give. 
The decor provides are a modern industrial ambiences that is more suited for a Modern American restaurant instead of an authentic Szechuan restaurant.  
My only negative about this place is that its really pricy eating alone.I didn't know upscale Chinese places existed until I went to Han Dynasty. Portions are HUGE, so come prepared to share and take home leftovers. Or come during lunch and get a bunch of the smaller plates to share with a group. There's a rotating centerpiece on every table which makes passing dishes super easy so everyone can have a taste.Went here for lunch - was told that the lunch portions were 60% the size of the normal entrees and 60% of the price.  Well, these portions were SCANT - not even appetizer sized.  We got 6 shrimps!  That's almost $2 per shrimp!  Now, I've been to the Han Dynasty in Old City and what we got was probably 30% the size of their entrees.  Price-wise, both Sang Kee and Peking are closer to me and more affordable for lunch so probably I will not venture here anytime soon.  I feel like for 2 people to get full, you need either 4 lunch portions or 2 dinner entrees.
Also, we did not get the second entree until we had mostly finished the first one - thank goodness we were sharing!
That and the whole atmosphere is weird.  I understand not changing the Midatlantic decor much for cost reasons, but playing ambient electronic pop?  I'd expect that maybe for a frozen yogurt shop or some new age vegetarian restaurant, but not a Szechuan restaurant, and certainly not Han's restaurant!
The only reason this did not get a lower rating is because the food was still tasty - what little of it there was.Han Dynasty is a different experience than your typical Chinese food restaurant. Most of their dishes have a 1-10 rating in hotness. They also have a selection of meat/, fish or veggie, but depending on the dish, the selection can be just one, or about five different options. It reminded me of a Mongolian grill, but your sitting down, not watching, there are more options, and it's not Mongolian.
The prices are a little high, considering how inexpensive good Chinese food can be. And, for someone not familiar, it's not so easy to know what many of these dishes taste like.
I ordered the 3 chicken. It was good, though the chicken was about as soft as chicken can be, almost doughy. And, it was not breaded! Weird, I know. Anyway, it tasted good, but lacked any veggies. A friend pointed out that since the set-up is family style, that it might work better if mixed with a veggie dish.
The hottest dish anyone got was a 5, and I am told that was pretty spicy. I can only imagine what a 10 is like. And no, I did not try the 5 dish. I'm just not balling like that.
We had dumplings and scallion pancakes as apps. They were both good.
In a nutshell, pretty cool place, but not worth it, and not nearly as special as they want it to be.Women waitresses, need to seriously be replaced. I am not sexist, I just don't know their names, so I have to resort to generalizations. But after going through this ordeal, I probably should be.
Before I go on my rant, I'd just like to credit waiters like Kevin and the manager ( bald guy) who were phenomenal because they actually do their jobs and build personal relationships with new customers even when they aren't my servers, and therefore have no incentive for doing so. That is not just customer service, it shows great personal character as well. Because I could do nothing for them as far as tips, but they were still helpful anyway.
However, I seldom get Kevin and I ALWAYS get the increasingly incompetent women waitresses who don't do their jobs correctly and that is what destroyed the whole Han Dynasty experience for me. 
Every time I come in, the place is not that busy at all, so there shouldn't be any excuses for any customer mistreatment. For example I was there the other day, one of only three people in the dining room during lunch, my water was never filled, and I had to get up out of my seat to ask someone else for extra rice because she never came back to see how I was doing. I even had to get back up to ask her ( the white, slinky waitress ) to bring my check. When she gave me my check she didn't come back for 20 minutes. She wasn't even busy, she was counting her tips about 5 tables away from me. Kevin saw this neglect and processed my payment for me. I wanted to tip Kevin. I should have put zero dollars on the tip but I felt guilty.
I actually just started coming here, and I have been buying food for the past couple weeks, both takeout and eat-in. No more. 
The dishes aren't difficult to make; pork belly appetizer, and dry pepper fish can be made at home. I will be going to China Town today to buy my ingredients instead of dealing with the crappy hospitality that the waitresses provide.
Overall, the experience is ZERO Stars.
Food, however, is phenomenal. But when eating in, hospitality prevails over food. And I am not paying for OVERPRICED food from a restaurant that is void of customer service skills, unless of course, you get a male waiter, which is rare.So after many dinners at Han Dynasty, I've determined that the best way to experience this restaurant is the tasting menu option. Offered to groups of 8 or larger, this fixed-price-per-person option brings out a plethora of dishes that can be highly customized to the needs/wants of the group (vegetarians, food allergies, spice preferences, etc).  Rather than deliberating between an order of noodles and entree, you can have both (and probably 6-8 other dishes besides). And don't be wary about the sharing component as the portions are large. The wait staff even kindly packaged up the portions left on the lazy Susan before the next round began. As always, they give a quick and obviously rehearsed description of the dish (cheesy but appreciated nonetheless) when they bring it to your table.
Some must haves for the tasting menu-Spicy cucumbers, cold sesame noodles, and hot sauce style *insert protein of choice here*.
Since its a popular venue, it can never hurt making a reservation.I'm a fan. Service was excellent, food came out very quickly, and the portions were massive. I was a bit disappointed by how things weren't very spicy (even when ordered on a 8 spice level), but everything still tasted great.
My friend and I ordered the dan dan noodles, the chili-oil wontons, and the double-cooked fish. To get it out of the way, the chili-oil wontons were the biggest disappointment - no flavor, super greasy, and not spicy at all. The dan dan noodles were great, though, and the double-cooked fish was the star of the meal. The fish was fried perfectly and tossed with chilis, leeks, and garlic. It also came with a large bowl of rice on the side - more than enough food for two people to share.
Han Dynasty is definitely worth coming to, although I would stop by during their lunch specials because the regular menu can be fairly pricey.Han Dynasty. We love the one in proper Philladelphia so much, our excitement was unbounded upon hearing that one opened in West Philly. 
In short: The food is just as good at the new location. Immediate five stars.
A bit longer: We ordered the Dan Dan Noodle, the Dry Pot Shrimp, and the Double Cooked Pork Belly. Dan Dan Noodle, is a delicious, spicy, noodley confection which has thousands of recipes online. Still, the ones at Han Dynasty (old and new) are the best, and we order them every time. The dry pot shrimp, flavored with hot peppers and ginger enough to make your tongue numb, was cooked properly and left me drinking the sauce at the end. The star of this trip was the double-cooked pork belly. I'm a sucker for pork belly, but the way this is prepared in thin slices with the slightly dry texture, although not crispy, is to die for.
Service was really good too -- our waters were refilled often. We will definitely come back to the new location rather than trekking across Philly in the future.Came here with a few friends and the place felt like authentic Chinese food but a very Western environment (which made the food taste "less Chinese" lol) Our waiter was really polite and nice 
Like all Chinese family style restaurants, I recommend coming here with a few friends so you can get a variety of foodzWent with friends for a campus club event so the menu was pre-arranged, however the food was excellent!  The tea was standard, and my gin-based cocktail was tasty (though a little difficult to drink as it contained lots of pieces of fruit which competed with the ice cubs for falling out onto my nose as I tried to sip).  But the food...oh it was awesome!  I've been craving Chinese for a while, and this more than satisfied my cravings in a way that cheap fast-food take-out never could.
The food is arranged by how hot and spicy it is, from a 1 (not hot) to a 10 (mouth on fire).  My group chose what we thought would be a fairly safe, not spicy level of 3--and found ourselves unprepared for the peppers.  Next time I'll go for a 1, but I'll definitely go back.
We had a tasting menu which included a huge variety of dishes.  Appetizers ranged from scallion pancakes (flakey and buttery goodness!), to pork dumplings (mouth on fire burning!), a cucumber salad, pork lo mein, and other savory/spicy dishes.  By the time the entrees arrived, most everyone at my table was more than halfway to being full, but the array of foods to sample was enough to entice us to continue eating.  The sweet honey-batter shrimp, snow-pea leaves, stir-fried green beans with pork and chicken with sticky rice were all amazing.  The meats were well marinated and practically melted in my mouth (beef, pork, chicken--all were excellently prepared!).  The vegetables were crisp and the sauces tangy.  It was an excellent meal, only dimmed by the fact that this place doesn't serve dessert! (As I live for sugar, I find this somewhat blasphemous)
While it was fairly crowded when we arrived at 7 on a Wednesday night, the service was still attentive and the food delivered promptly.  Our attentive waiter was great (filled our water glasses when they were less than an inch from the top, always asking how things tasted, etc.).  By the time we left (sometime around 8:30-8:45) the bar area and dining area were both packed, evidence as to how popular this place is.
I will definitely be returning to Han Dynasty to fill my next Chinese food craving!Being part Jamaican, I grew up on spicy food.  Not in a BW3's, Man vs. Food, drink some pepper spray type of way, but actually incorporating hot peppers as an ingredient to enhance the flavor of the dish so that you feel something other than heat is missing when you don't add it.  Han Dynasty does this very, very well.  The food is flavroful and not just hot for the sake of being hot.  I wish they had brown rice, but this restaurant will definitely be in my regular rotation.Han dynasty used to be one of my go to dinner spots, but when I went earlier tonight I was a little bit disappointed (the Old City location is still great though.)
We ordered cold pork with chili oil, garlic eggplant, dan dan noodles, black bean fish, and fried tofu. The pork belly is awesome and I'd definitely recommend it, and the black bean fish was really flavorful and fresh as well (tons of veggies so my mom was really happy), but I wasn't in love with anything else. The eggplant wasn't as soft or creamy as it has been in the past, the tofu was a bit dry, and there wasn't very much pork in the dan dan noodles. 
The UCity location is still good, just not as great as it was before.I remember a few years ago, when this restaurant just opened up and EVERYONE made dinner plans at this location as the go-to place for friendship. A few years later, the buzz has died down a little, but Han is still the place to go for more authentic, less Americanized Chinese food in UCity. Plus, the spice is never a bad thing!
Some things are VERY delicious here--I love how flexible the menu is, with different spice levels and choices of meat for each type of dish. Especially noteworthy are the Dan Dan Noodles (of course), the cold sesame noodles, and the garlic chicken. 
Unfortunately, the oiliness of the food has increased significantly in the past few years. We ordered the crispy rice chicken (as my boyfriend does not handle spice), and I didn't eat any of it based on the sourness of the thick, oily sauce. I also tried my friend's chili oil dumplings, but were disappointed in the oil and flavor as well; they seemed more like wontons than dumplings. In addition, many things are very pricey (although portions are HUGE and usually you can bring some back home. 
Finally, the service is the best I've received at a non-fancy restaurant, they continuously refill the white rice, and the dishes come out quickly. Just be careful of spending too much money; I recommend sharing dishes with friends family-style.This is the best Szechuan food I have had in Philadelphia. I have tried the Dan Dan noodles, the garlic chicken, the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, and the long hot pepper chicken.  The garlic chicken and long hot pepper chicken were not as spicy as I would have liked, but they were only rated a 3 for spicy, and next time I would just ask for some chili oil on the side. The Dan Dan noodles are rated a 8, and that is as spicy as I can handle.I love this place so much! The food is so fresh and delicious- and cheap! The portion sizes are generous enough to be shared by several people...but when my husband and I go, we always each order a dish so that we have plenty of left overs.
The service there is also very fast and friendly. We have always had great, efficient service.
Also, it's BYOB, which never hurts!The food is fantastic, the service isn't.
I go there once every 2 weeks since they opened. The dam dam noodles are to die for. Basically, I have never had Chinese food as good as here.
The service is slow, rude and inattentive. The fact that the place is becoming more and more popular is not helping. The young lady behind the counter has a bad attitude and the older woman s just too slow and sloppy.
Go there for the food but don't expect efficiency.3.5 stars! Service is friendly here! (better than the old city site).
Dan dan noodles kick butt! Delicious, spicy, and can't get enough.
Spicy Cucumbers are amazing. SO crunchy and spicy
Dry pots are good, but didn't wow me.
Dry pepper style chicken is awesome! Crunchy moist chicken :)
Salt N Pepper shirmp was delicious!
Nice place in manayunk. Great good. BYO:)My opinion...food and service was horrible. I'm very surprised this place has such a high rating??
Service is one of the worst restaurants I have been to, staff barely acknowledges you when entering, when they do greet you its insincere, took another tables order before mine even though I had been sitting 5 min before they entered. 
Ok, so service I can get over if the food is good enough, well man was I let down, dumpling were soooo sorry I wish I would have taken a picture...there was next to NO filling and all dough (they should be embarrassed to serve that to anyone), the rest of the food Chili Sauce Chicken was OILY and OVERSEASONED, I can cook chicken in oil and put chili flakes overtop and call it Chili Sauce Chicken...WoW just sad! 
Only good thing about this place was BYOB...good thing I had Coronas to wash out the taste from my mouth...this place need to go on Restaurant Impossible.  
Side note...I was told the Old city location is betterCNN approved? should've been a warning sign.  slow service, disorganized, short-staffed, can't even talk about the food b/c we never got our order!I tried this place out again, when our other plans fell through. I must applaud them for fitting us in on a busy night (New Years Eve) and we didn't have a reservation but that's all I will applaud them for.
I tried the mung bean noodles this time, thinking that maybe it was what I had before. While the dish was good, albeit salty, it's the after effects that make me never want to go back.
When I got dressed that evening, my dress was a bit big on me. I'm a small person. It was loose, which isn't abnormal. I can wear kids clothes. 
When I got to the bar we were going to after, my entire body had swelled to the point of no return for that night. My dress was tight and I felt disgusting. I couldn't move. Did I eat too much? No. I didn't eat my entire meal either. I never eat it all in one sitting. I actually ended up going home early and my New Year's Eve was ruined. The only plus was that my entire meal cost me just $10.
I bet the meal would taste just as good with half the salt. Ease up in the kitchen back there. No need to cause hypertension!The dan dan noodles are ridiculous. The spicy crispy cucumbers are also amazing - I need to figure out how to make cucumbers taste this good. I've tried a bunch of their main dishes and I always end up picking around the meat because it grosses me out for some reason. Also, the service is not always the best. When you walk in sometimes it's awkward because no one greets you and you are kind of just standing there in the middle of the dining room. But the dan dan noodles literally make up for anything negative I could say about this place.Loved the food!  
Needs a better bathroom. Fix it up. 
Service a bit lax at lunch. 
Crispy rice shrimp. Gonna come back.Went here last night and it was a great experience. They were packed but were able to get us a table for four within 5 minutes. It was a little awkward setup, but worked out fine and we were happy to not have to wait long. We ordered a lot and loved all of the food. Dan Dan noodles, pork belly, won ton soup, chicken garlic sauce, Kung pao...etc. all good. It's great for a family style meal with friends too...order a bunch and try it all. Also, they are great about food allergies and made my orders gluten free. Love that is a byob! Would def recommend and will go back.Not bad for being one of the top Chinese restaurants CNN approved of. We came on a Friday night with no reservations and happen to be manayunk's restaurant week. The wait was only about 20 minutes so we opted to stay and wait. When we finally got seated servers seemed busy and confused that they forgot to hand us and the couple next to us who just got seated our menus but that wasn't a big deal we just waved them down. We got the restaurant week menu and a couple other choices off the regular menu. Everything was largely portioned. We would of been just fine sharing one order of everything off the restaurant week menu. But everything ended up being delicious and leftover take homes was a must! Their Dan Dan noodles I believed was served with pork at the top but I got to try some of that without and they def lived up to their hype.  Bok Choy with mushrooms was def awesome as well!Enjoy this place every time I go. They seem vice freshly brewed jasmine tea prior to receiving your entree.  They are truly accommodating for vegetarians.  Will definitely return.Best Asian food in Philadelphia. The way spicy Szechuan should be prepared.  The only downsides are that it's BYOB and they get super busy sometimes and try to squeeze too many tables in. But if you plan ahead, you will be fine.Han Dynasty is becoming a legend around these parts. It's easy to understand why once you try the food. If you are expecting oranage chicken or sweet and sour pork, this is not the place for you. 
I've been to Han Dynasty several times and I've tried a lot of things on the menu. My favorites are listed below:
Dan Dan Noodles - In my opinion, this is what the restaurant is known for. The flavor and texture of the dish is tremendous.
Cumin Style meat - I've had cumin style with pork and lamb. The flavor is heavy on cumin but not over powering. The dish is about medium heat level and very flavorful.
Garlic Eggplant - Without a doubt the best vegetable dish I have eaten...anywhere. I don't know what they do to this dish, but the flavor is insanely delicious. The texture of the eggplant is very soft and almost melts in your mouth. This is my favorite dish at Han Dynasty.
I love this place because it is so unique. When I come to Han Dynasty I feel like I've been trasported to the Szechuan region of China. The entire experience is spectacular.Their stuff is so authentic, we love it. 川味涼粉 ,水煮牛, 乾扁四季豆 etc etc.... they are the best 還有台灣香腸Great. Simply great. Some of my favorites:
Double cooked pork belly
Dry pot fish
Chili oil dumplings
I've been to this place over 10 times and it never disappoints. I've been to three different locations and this is my favorite. It's byob. Food is spicy and delicious. They have stuff for people who don't like spicy food too, just not as much. If you like spicy, you will be in heaven.Not sure why there's a Han Dynasty in Manayunk, but I wasn't complaining when I lived there.  I definitely appreciate having a Han Dynasty close by and not having to drive to University City for it every time.  Because it's on Main Street, it's an ideal choice for dinner if you're out for a night on the town.  
You can get all your Han Dynasty favorites at this location such as the twice cooked pork and dandan noodles.  If it's your first time at a Han Dynasty, then definitely try those two.  
The UC location might have the edge over this location on looks and atmosphere, but that's forgivable imo because the food is still really good.  
4.5 stars while the UC HD gets a solid 5 stars, but I'll round up here anyway.I've been here a few times now, and the food is consistently fresh and flavorful, with moderate prices and reliably attentive service. Now they've really won me over, because I accidentally left my credit card there last week and just got it back safely! My only complaint is that it gets really loud when it's crowded, and can be hard to hear your friends across some of the bigger tables. The dining room can also get stuffy in summertime.This place gets a lot of hype and it lives up to it.  I was here with a group of 8 for a family members birthday.  We decided to go with the tasting menu.
The chef did a great job of mixing it up so we could try a little bit of everything the menu has to offer.  The food came out quickly and was delicious.
A few people have knocked the service but I did not experience this.  The waiter was very good about clearing plates in a timely matter and keeping water glasses filled.
I really enjoyed this place and look forward to visiting again.After being in Philadelphia for several years and trying the other sichuan places (Dan Dan, Jane Gs) this is still my favorite. They are all good, but the intense blend of sichuan peppercorn, garlic, sugar, MSG - give me it all - Han Dynasty nails it every time. I've been to all the locations, but still prefer the Manayunk one. My recommendations (though I've never been let down...):
-noodles in chili oil or dan dan
-beef tendon in chili oil
-twice cooked pork or fish (the fish is super crispy especially if you eat in the restaurant)
-pea leavesWe came in with a stroller and were made to feel very unwelcome. First the employee/waiter asked if the stroller folded up. We said yes. We asked if they had a high chair and he said yes, so we thought great problem solved. Then he showed us to a table that had plenty of room to slide a stroller next to it without impacting traffic patterns in the restaurant, and he said he could not give us a high chair despite the fact that he had just said he had one. We asked to park the stroller in the empty space instead, and he said we couldn't do that because he expected the restaurant to get busy. It was only about 20% full at 6:30 pm on a weeknight. Even if the restaurant were busy, the stroller would not be a problem, I thought. His general demeanor and unkind face made it clear he wanted us to leave and was going to continue to come up with excuses to kick us out. We left and took our business down the street to Winnie's where we felt incredibly welcome. We won't return to Han Dynasty.Packed on a Saturday night. Still had to wait even though we had reservations. No room to stand while waiting. Food came out somewhat slowly. Better take your antacids before coming here. These dishes pack heat! The szechuan type of spicy is one that has the power to enhance Asian dishes rather than mask the flavors of the individual meats and vegetables. 
- Wontons in chili oil: Wonton skins were on the soggy side. Too much oil.
- Chicken dry pepper style: Nicely fried texture on the chicken. Tender on the interior. The chili peppers add crunch and partner well with the chicken. 
- Shrimp hot sauce style: Actually thought this was spicier than the dry pepper style. The shrimp were juicy and a decent size. Enjoyed the combination of cabbage and celery as well. Expected the sauce to be much thicker though. 
A plus that it's BYOB. The old city location is still my favorite =)Came here twice.  My first 2 Han Dynasty experiences.  Just not that good.  Really fairly average Chinese food.  Nothing exciting to say.  Wouldn't return.I will absolutely be back to Han Dynasty as much as humanly possible. I went with a group of 7 and it could not have been more fun. We had reservations and the table they gave us had a spinning try in the middle so we could easily share food and keep refilling our glasses of wine. It was great that this place was BYOB and they were so accommodating trying to make sure we had the best experience with the wine we bought- they brought us glasses and an ice bucket for one of the bottles. As for the food? Hands down best Chinese food I've ever had- it was nothing like the takeout-type I'm used to having. At one point one of the managers, Mark, stopped by just to check in on how things were going and he could not have been nicer- I appreciated the attention to detail the staff took. 
And at no point did they rush us out of the restaurant when they were closing. I felt bad that we were still finishing our food and wine but I appreciated that they allowed us to finish in our own time. 
I had a really great experience all around and I would recommend Han Dynasty to anyone in the area. Thanks again to the staff at Han Dynasty for a really great nightLet's talk about this experience this evening. Not only was it a great place to eat but a great atmosphere of happy people. 
    Service was stellar and probably because of the managements commitment to the product they produce. Everything that we had recommended to us was fantastic with a flavor profile out of this continent. Something you will not typically find a chinese food restaurant and I am glad I found it at this one. Hats off for a great meal. 
     Food came out fast and was always hot with the perfect spice profile for our needs. Yet again I can not stress the don don noodles and dumplings in chili oil. What a flavor profile and a excellent bit. 
Cheers to who ever is whipping up the food. Great pair with the black ipa from sierra nevada or for wine drinkers a great compliment to a italian tuscan blend.My gf and I came in on a night where I'd been drinking too much and required some serious sobering up before I was ready to go home.  Thankfully we stumbled (literally) into the recently opened Han Dynasty, a beacon of light on the Main Street walk.
I've already eaten at the Chestnut St and Exton locations, so I knew the food was already going to be amazing -- deliciously warm and spicy dan dan noodles and a side scallion pancake were the items for the night, while gf ordered a chicken lo mein (go easy, she's not used to authentic spicy food yet).
Service was a bit off, but it was still super packed when we came into the restaurant so it wasn't totally unexpected.  The space is more open and airy than the other two HD's I've been to, which makes for a comfy eating environment.  Can't wait to come back here again for more great food, whether I'm sober or not!Last night, I checked out a highly rated place by Yelpers only to find I did not agree with them.  Today, I am happy to agee with the majority of Yelpers as I came here for lunch today.
Han Dynasty occupies a place that has gone through several Chinese tenants (I reviewed the previous tenant, Beijing Homestyle) and so, the place carries a curse of doomed Chinese restaurants to even this fellow spiritual skeptic. So, the Yelp reviews were not enough to persuade me.
Once I ordered and ate, I am happy to say I agree with them.  This is not the place to go if you want your typical take-out Chinese stuff. (Although, there is an section in the menu called Baby Adults for more typical stuff as fried rice).   So, go to your local take out in you want traditional Chinese.  But for those who are adventurous, the cuisines are unorthodox but made with a lot of detail to ingredients and spices.  In other words, this is not food just thrown in the stir-fry, they take their time to make an authentic but mouth-watering experience. Stuff can be very spicy, but they do warn you about spices as they have a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 least spiciest and 10 most spiciest. The scale is very accurate. I had a dumplings appetizer which rated a 4 and did require an extra class of water to wash down.
Given the good reviews and the many people that are coming here, this may be the place that finally breaks the curse of failed Chinese restaurants.Finally got the chance to try this place out after hearing it's the best Chinese place in Philly! We came with a group of 9 and ordered family style. The dandan noodles alone give this place 5 stars. The noodles were so delicious, oh my gosh! Drooling. I want some right now. Other items we ordered included a beef soup, wonton soup, crispy rice, dry pepper chicken, an eggplant dish, green beans with garlic and minced pork, and cumin lamb. Everything was pretty good! Some dishes were a little too greasy but still tasted delicious. The service was good except for a little mishap that happened. My boyfriend asked for black pepper, and our waiter didn't understand what he was asking for and told us they didn't have black pepper, which we all know is not true. Good thing my boyfriend speaks mandarin because they were able to finally understand what he was asking for and brought over some black pepper. I love that they have another location in University City, which is a lot closer to me. Will definitely be coming back to get the dandan noodles!Hold onto your hat, it's about to get spicy! Han Dynasty has delicious food - some of the best Szechuan I've had. Each dish can be catered to the spice factor of your choice. If you are a meat eater, the Pork Belly in Garlic sauce is amazing, unlike anything I've tasted before, it's a must order here. The Dan Dan noodles were also delicious, esp. if you like spicy. There is a full bar and although we enjoyed ourselves as a group, there is also a nice bar section where you could come for a quick meal or a drink. Great, spacious, convenient space with tons of natural light and modern design. Mix of young college students and city folks. Yum!A slight downgrade after a few visits that, while providing good food, suffered from service that was basically absent.  Tea without sugar?  Drinks without straws?  No check-back?  Disinterested waiter who took a text while taking our order?  Take away containers provided?  Soy provided?  I asked about the specials and the waiter pointed in the general direction of a few signs that could not be read from my table.  
The service is among the worst I've ever experienced.  It's worse than bad it is completely indifferent.  They don't care.  At all.Excellent example of Szechwan cooking. We just moved here and have already been to this location multiple times. There isn't a dish that isn't excellent, but some of my favorites include the spicy cucumbers, dan dan noodles, spicy pork belly, dry pot pork, and the Hunan beef. Don't expect super high level service here, but the servers keep the food coming and are more than happy to help you out if you wave them over. BYOB too so bring some wine along with you. Chinese food is notoriously tough to pair with wine but grab yourself a bottle of dry Mosel Riesling or an Alsatian white and you will be all set. No corkage fee!I like it. Open until late and waiters are nice. Food is good. It is one of the most famous Chinese restaurant in Philly!Perfectly average and since it was a Saturday, the price is bid up.  Black bean chicken was Ok. Hot.  Ample.  Nothing special.I have been hearing people rave about Han Dynasty for quite some time, but truth be told, I'd been very skeptical after having a very unimpressive meal at the owner's Exton location a few years back.  So to my own detriment, I've been avoiding Han Dynasty.  Big mistake.
If you can handle the heat, it might be the best Chinese you will ever come across.  The dumplings in spicy oil are a spectacular of savory and spicy (though I kind of wish there was slightly more filling.  The dan dan noodles are sublime -- noodles are cooked perfectly and the sauce has a depth of flavor and umami that you wouldn't expect from a noodle dish.  The cumin style and hot sauce style dishes were spicier and didn't have quite the depth of flavor as the first two dishes, but you can really tell the dishes were prepared by a well trained chef -- their technique was excellent, evenly spiced, good sear without being overcooked, not oversauced.It kills me to write this review, especially because I've had some many good experiences at Han Dynasty on Penn's campus, but my last visit here was really underwhelming. 
We arrived at about 8pm on a Wednesday night, and there were several open tables when we got there. We stood around waiting for a little bit until someone came out at the back and gestured over a handful of tables, signifying "sit wherever you want." 
We picked a table and the waiter came over to open our beer--this location is BYOB, which is nice. We looked over the menu for awhile, and I asked how the tea-smoked duck was. He shook his head and said "I don't like it." Uh, well if this guy is supposed to be selling dishes and he says it's no good, I will trust him, I guess. So we ordered the pork belly in garlic sauce to start, followed by the spicy beef soup, and then the waiter's recommendation, the dry fried chicken. 
The best part of the meal was the pork belly. It was really delicious. I liked the beef noodle soup, too. It was a huge bowl full of dan dan noodles in a spicy broth with chunks of tender braised beef. You could really taste the cilantro too. My only critique is that it's a little oily. The dry fried chicken was not great. It was super salty and the majority of the dish is comprised of inedible, ornamental hot peppers. At something like $12, it's not a great value and wasn't that tasty. I mostly filled up on the pork belly. 
The main problem was that I spent nearly the entirety of a spicy meal attempting to get my water glass filled. If you're going to serve spicy food, you had better be filling people's glasses. I managed to get it filled once toward the end of the meal and another time by waving my hands in the air before we left. Our waiter seemed to disappear for long periods of time.
As we were paying, I told the waiter that I loved the pork belly. He said, "I don't like that either." I told him, "I should have gotten the duck. Next time I'm saying to bring me whatever you don't like!" We all laughed about it. 
The thing that I think drove down this review from 3 to 2* is that they were literally dragging sacks of trash through the dining room while people were eating to put them out on the curb. At point point they also started turning off the lights in the dining room, around 8:50 or so. I know you close at 9 and want to go home, but poor form is poor form. 
Would I go back here? Probably. I think they hired a very young, inexperienced waiter. Would I think twice about prioritizing this place above the array of other great places on Main St? Definitely.They are really trying to improve their customer service! I went in today to order takeout and the manager gave me a $10 credit for a mix-up that happened the last time I ordered take out. Not to mention the dumplings with chili oil were yummyFood is great.  Customer service is most often excellent.  Made the mistake of upping the number of hotness on my Dan Dan Noodles to a 9, and holy shit, they were to spicy even for me.  My own fault though.  The only problem I have is when I try to get take out when they are busy, which is all the time.  Don't wait for someone to recognize you and ask what you need.  You have to jam yourself between the two large circle tables and then shoot fireworks off to get someones attentions.  They need a better system for walk-up orders.I was born in Hong Kong and lived there for 10 years, and Han Dynasty is the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. Now you're confused by my 3-star rating...
Do yourself a favor and just go to the one on Chestnut...I went there 2 weeks before this one, and they set the standard so high, and it was impossible to match. Food here was good, but not enough to cause a foodgasm like the other one did. 
The restaurant is also severely understaffed..they had 2 people working the front to cover for ~40 people. It took 15 minutes to take a seat (only after I went up to the manager and asked if we can sit ourselves because we were tired of standing and not even be greeted). It was just a huge clusterfuck honestly...maybe it was a bad night or something haha. 
If you still want to come this location, then at least get the noodles with spicy chili sauce and the dan dan noodles (2 best items on the entire menu). But if I'm going to pay a premium for food, I would hope to get good service as well. 
It's BYOB doe ;)Update: the more we (hubs or friends or hubs and friends and I) go, the less we like. I don't know if it's just us, but.....are the sauces of every dish starting to taste the exact same?? And, is it just us or do you too walk out a puffy fish from the massive overload of salt consumption?? It's NOT just from overeating, I swear!  
And, If they're getting so much love and hooplah, they've REALLY got to work on getting some servers who understand English and even better...your order, AND,  and...a touch of  some atmosphere would be nice.My favorite food is Asian food...meaning, I've had my fair share of Asian food. Han Dynasty is a place I keep coming back, it literally that friggin good. I was semi nervous to come here with my girlfriends since Han Dynasty is family style and I was the only vegetarian--but our server was super accommodating and it was v easy to make dishes veg friendly. Always a huge plus!
Some of my favorite dishes -- all of which are and/or can come vegetarian
- Dan Dan Noodles (duh) with pork on the side
- Bok choy in garlic sauce 
- Kung Pao Shrimp - so many veggies in this. That and the sauce alone would make a great dish
- Cold Noodles in Chili Oil
The best part about this whole meal was we got soo much food (I just did a flywheel class, so I wanted all the carbs) and when split, we only paid $20 each! I was truly shook. 
Minus 1 star for telling us 10 minute wait, when we waited close to 50 minutes. Otherwise, a great place to come with friends and eat all the foods!One the best places to get Chinese food in Manyunk. The pricing is not bad and food is great. The people who work there are very polite. There is a bit of waiting during weekends but which good place doesn't. Definitely try the chicken or beef dishes with rice. All in all great place.I was super excited to have dinner at Han and since there was four of us, we ordered quite a few dishes.   3 stars because the waiter didn't understand English...why would you have someone take your order who can barely speak, let alone understand English.  The few things we asked for, he got them wrong because he didn't understand.  
The dumplings had no meat in them which was super disappointing, you're better off getting dumplings from all the cheap to go Chinese take outs.  On the positive side the dan dan noodles were so so good, I wanted to get another order to go and the cucumber in chili oil is quite tasty as well.We went on a Saturday and got seated right away. Service was friendly and knowledgable and Jasmine tea is served as soon as you sit. We started with the wontons which were definitely good but not something that would specifically bring me back to the restaurant. Unfortunately the rest of the meal went the same way. Pretty good but not wowed. My biggest disappointment was the 3 cup chicken which I had recommended to my boyfriend. I'd ordered it many times before in the main line location and it was always delicious. Here the flavor was ok but the consistency of the chicken was mushy and kind of gross. 
I'll definitely give this place another shot, but I'm a bit disappointed.Best Chinese food I have ever had. Came here for lunch with my other half after an exhausting half day of moving into the neighborhood. Was greeted cheerfully and enthusiastically by our waiter who was so excited for us when he found out it was our first time at Han Dynasty that he started raving about the authenticity of the food here and the way in which it gets prepared. These days, it is so refreshing and rare to hear wait staff truly and really love the food they serve. What a fantastic guy. He definitely made our experience even better. We took his advice and ordered the Dan Dan noodles to start. Holy crap, these were SO Good. Words could never do them justice- just get them! 
For lunch, we ended up ordering the hot sauce style chicken (stir fried with cabbage, garlic, and celery in an authentic Sichuan chili oil hot sauce; spice factor 7/10) and the garlic sauce style chicken  (Sweet, sour, and spicy-stir fried with ginger, garlic, bamboo, 
wood ear mushrooms, and bell peppers; we asked for the spice factor to be raised to a 5/10). The hot sauce style entree was good but I found the sauce consistency to be much too thin for my liking and the sauce to sort of hit one flat note-SPICY- likely because of its Sichuan chili oil base. Nonetheless, still great flavor and true to its name/description. The garlic sauce stir fry really stole the show. Extremely well-balanced in flavors. We loved how the sauce adhered to the chicken and veggies. SO GOOD. 
Side note: The dishes are served family style so share so you get a varied and eclectic host of flavors! 
Truly unlike any other Chinese food experience I have ever had. I cannot wait to bring my friends from out of town here. Plus, they are byob! Come here!The best Chinese I've had in such. a. long. time. We've been twice to the Manayunk location and had a fantastic experience both times. Our second time was with a party of 11 and we had the tasting menu, we got to sample about 12 different dishes and they were all delish. If you like authentic Chinese, go.If I could give no stars that would be my review. Sadly my hubbie and I were told we HAD to try this place - they have the best food - you'll love it. We wished we hadn't listened. I am rating this solely on the food as we ordered take-out after reading reviews of how poor service was at this place. I had some inkling looking at the menu that this place might not be all that since two-thirds of the menu is basically something in chili oil...but we went ahead anyway. I ordered pork belly in garlic sauce, spring rolls and crispy rice chicken. All were terrible. The pork belly was a gross gray color, well when the day glow orange chili oil with garlic slithered off of it. I have had pork belly before and this wasn't even up to amateur standards. The spring rolls with dense and chewy not crispy at all and frankly tasted like stale dough. Still I was willing to go ahead with the crispy rice chicken as the little accompanying rice cakes seemed interesting but I should have known. The sauce was an oily brown mess that tasted just sweet - nothing else. The chicken and mushrooms were sad over soggy things held lifeless in the sauce. No flavor or texture except for the rice cakes which makes me think that sauce was probably made hours earlier and just sits in a vat by the wok all day. My husband ordered the crispy cucumbers which were warm, not crispy and swimming in a ridiculous amount of AGAIN day glow chili oil. He also had the Dan Dan noodles which had absolutely no taste and were gummy and mushy. Finally he also had the shredded ginger duck which wasn't shredded and looked an unappetizing grayish color. But he forged ahead and just added the duck into the noodles for some sort of flavor but there was none to be had. I understand that good Chinese food is hard to come by if you don't want to travel into the city but this food was some of the worst we've ever had. I'm glad we skipped the restaurant part because I would have probably lost my mind wasting a night out without the kids on this awful stuff!With all the business lunches I go to Manayunk, I was a little surprised Han Dynasty never came up, especially with its stellar reputation. I think I figured out why on my first biz lunch trip there today.
1) The dishes are served family style. I'd hardly consider a business associate that I'm meeting for the first time to be family, and it makes dish selection challenging. I'd even have trouble selecting dishes with my own family and close friends. 
2) Spice levels are another consideration in a group dining setting. My spice level would make some run for a glass of milk to cool their tongue. As I'm more of the rarity then the norm, the less spicy options won out.
3) There's also the mess factor. Twirling away with the chopsticks isn't exactly my first nature, and trying to be overly polite and proper without getting (too much) sauce in my lap wasn't something I had prepared to do gracefully.
With all three members of my party being Han Dynasty first timers, we relied on our server for portion and dish recommendations; with the exception of the Dan Dan noodles, which I was not leaving until I tried. Our server steered us towards the appropriate number of dishes and a good selection of customer favorites.
With all that being said, I still enjoyed our dishes which included the Dan Dan noodles and lunch portions of the garlic chicken, black bean style fish and pork belly. The lunch menu is not listed online but I believe the pork belly was prepared double cooked style with leeks, hot peppers and fermented black beans, and chili oil. Everything was delicious and flavored in its own unique way. I just wish I was really able to dive into the experience.
I would have preferred to customize my spice level and indulge in a non business setting, but I learned my lesson the hardway. I'll be back to Han Dynasty to dine at my own leisure.The preparation of their food is horrible. Although the taste I'd phenomenal,  I wouldn't recommend it!I have been eating at Han Dynasty for years (University City and Old City) and always order the dan dan noodles and wonton soup. I placed an order to-go from this location and the noodles were flavorless and oily!  They did not have any heat or the same creamy sesame paste texture/taste.  I called restaurant to let them know and all they said was "sorry".  Will never go back to this location again!!!I used to love this place.  Went here a couple of days ago with a couple of friends, ordered Dan Dan noodles,  dry pepper chicken  and long hot pepper beef.  The Dan Dan noodles was great,  the other dishes were OK.  The problem was the portion sizes,  they were just abysmally small .  I go to other han locations and they all serve good portions unlike this main street branch.  The service is also nothing to write home about. I will still give it three stars, just because I like the food at han. They definitely need to look into their portion sizes.Hands down the best Chinese food for miles....with very authentic flavors and recipes.
But still a little bit off. The restaurant was very crowded for a Saturday dinner (with a confusing and disorganized procedure for getting a table) but not crowded at all on a Sunday early afternoon. 
Even though the flavors were great, something was lacking in the craft... like whoever put everything together didn't quite know the proper way to do it, maybe wasn't really trained in this kind of cooking but was just handed a great recipe with great ingredients?. It still tasted really good though. The one thing I'm confused about is that the "double-cooked" style dishes taste kind of like buffalo wings - which I actually really enjoyed, but based on the "double-cooked" dishes I've had at other restaurants, that's not quite how it's supposed to taste....The food is great. No frills, affordable, and always consistent. Dry pepper style chicken is my go to.My wife and I went to Han last night for dinner and brought a bottle of wine. We asked for an ice bucket for our wine and we're told that they no longer supply ice or a bucket and that this was a decision that Han had made. We immediately left and went across the street to Chabaa Thai Bristro where they did provide an ice bucket and we had a wonderful dinner. Han, what are you thinking? The quality of your food and service has been on a decline for some time and I guess you just don't care.  It's a tragedy,  we once we're your biggest supporters and recommended Han to many people, very disappointed with what has happened. Good luck, Han - - it was fun while it lasted, you took your eye off the ball.We loved this place. My husband has never had "real" Chinese food and was reluctant to try it. He fell in love with it and keeps asking to go back. The dan dan noodles were fab. The garlic chicken was great as well. I like how it is family style so that you can try different thingsFirst off, let me say the food was excellent.  However, that is it.
I have been to this place 3 times.  The first time, we waited at the host stand for 15 minutes, on a non busy night, waiting to be seated.  We eventually left to go elsewhere.  The second time, we had great food, and service was just ok.  Didn't know who our waiter was, but it was a decent meal.  The host/manager is a rude and mean.  
The third time was HORRIFIC.  We had reservation for 6 people, however they gave our table away to 2 people, without a good reason.  We waited 30 minutes.  Next, they brought out some appetizers we didn't order, and we thought it was a nice gesture to make up for the bad start.  Later we find out it was meant for the original two people, and they tried to charge us for their mistake.  It took another 30 minutes to get a waiter to take our order, and we couldn't get 6 wine glasses as well.  they got our order wrong, and tried to give us the check while still eating.  Then they tried to give us the check again, before they brought the cake we brought with us for a birthday.  We ended up taking the cake back to our house.    
That is just the basic story.  There were 10x more issues with the dinner, but just wanted to give the basic run down.  Again, the food is absolutely excellent, but the service is the worst I have ever seen.  The host/manager is THE WORST ever.  Rude, mean, condescending.... she should not be in the service industry.I've been here for dinner twice, and since the restaurant already has 280 Yelp reviews that accurately depict the dining experience, I'll keep my summation brief:
Pros
-Great cuisine. The best dan-dan noodles I've ever consumed. And I particularly love that you can custom request the level of spice for nearly every dish on the menu. 
-BYOB
-Good value when you consider the portion sizes for what you pay. 
Cons
-Service is lackluster. On more than one occasion, I had to stand up and motion to the server to get her attention.
-No waiting area to speak of. As other Yelpers have alluded, it's incredibly awkward to stand in the dining area as you wait to be seated. Kinda dampens the mood before you even sit down.I was introduced to Han Dynasty at the Chestnut street location but came to this location shortly after it opened since I live closer to this one. In terms of quality, I cannot tell the difference between the locations - They will both knock your socks off. I've ordered 60% of the items on the menu within the past year or so and I would give each one 5 stars. This place rocks.This might have been my fourth visit to Han Dyansty. Second to the Manayunk location. All four times I get the Dan Dan Noodles and always enjoy it. I must say, however that this time they barely registered as spicy even though they're rated a 6 on the Han Dynasty Scale. I think 2 was more like it. Anyway, came here for a special dinner with my wife. Really wasn't disappointed overall, as I had read other reviews about the sometimes excessive noise levels. We arrived a little after 7pm on a Saturday night and were quite lucky to get one of the only clear tables for 2 right at the window. Essentially no wait. Service was good initially and the noise wasn't too bad but unfortunately both took a turn for the worse. My entree came out first along with my appetizer and what seemed like 10 minutes later my wife's entree came out. She got the Home Style Tofu, I ordered Dan Dan Noodles of course and some fried dumplings. Hers was quite good, no complaints. My noodles were barely spicy but delicious none-the-less. My wife pronounced them "meaty", but then she's a vegetarian. :-)  Should have ordered the Dumplings in Chili Oil as mine were a bit dry (should I be surprised that fried dumplings are dry?). Then unfortunately, a large group of obviously buzzed, boisterous and self-absorbed people came in. Some of them were literally shouting at times. Nice. Oh well, we were a bit rushed as we were trying to make a movie (our fault), but got a check quickly as well as some take-out containers to put our leftovers in. All in all, not bad for a Saturday night in Manayunk and I will continue to go for their food. I may have to specifically ask that the noodles are worthy of a 6 next time, even without the correct spice level they are still delicious. Lots of other dishes I'd like to try too.Best Chinese food we've ever had.  The waiter wouldn't let us modify any dishes because he said they wouldn't come out right...I love a purist!  Their wonton soup was the best our family has ever had...we're keeping this place in mind the next time we're in the area!I seriously can't eat "American" chinese food after eating here. This place is AMAZING! I just recently had my graduation dinner here with around 10 people and every single one couldn't stop raving about how good the food was! Best things to order: Dan dan noodles, Spicy cucumbers, Crispy rice style chicken, fried pepper style chicken .. and seriously just about anything else on the menu! Too good!This place is AMAZING!!! I crave it all the time. The layers of flavor are out of this world. They have a lot of very spicy things and then a handful of not spicy. My favorite is the dry fry pork. Byob and great prices for the quality of food. It gets packed on the weekends and they don't do too well with reservation. Go! Go! Go!Ate here twice in the past month even though I live in Ocean County, NJ. Why? This is the best Chinese restaurant outside of NYC's Chinatown. They specialize in the spicier dishes but they can be customized to your comfort level. Dan dan noodles, the pork belly dishes, ma po tofu, sauteed pea leaves, bok choy... all hits, no misses. The only thing I hate is that I live so far away. Highly recommended.
Check out their website.This spot is great. I honestly haven't explored their menu too much, as I'm obsessed with their pea leaves and their eggplant, and order that most of the time. However, the friends that I've visited with have ordered more creatively have also thoroughly enjoyed.
What I like - 
*Food Allergies - They are extremely accommodating of allergies, intolerances, and the like.
*Children - This spot is great for bringing kids to lunch. The food is just so fast.
*The staff - Everyone from the management to the waiters are so welcoming and cool.
I'm surprised by the reviews stating that lunch at this location is great, but not dinner. I've been here at least 3 times for dinner and have had quick and delicious experiences each time.I've been exploring han's dynasty and here are my preliminary rankings (1 is best)
1. Exton
2. Old City
3. Manayunk
4. University City
Coming in at 3, the Dan Dan noodle sauce is thin and weak in flavor, and the dry pot was quite wet.Food is awesome! Service, not so much. I've been there the past 2 Mondays and the food was on point, but the service was really slow. 
I highly recommend the Double Cooked Style Fish, Garlic Style Chicken, and Dan Dan Noodles...YUM.My mistake the first time I went was expecting "typical" Chinese food like crab rangoon and such, and this was very different.. Since I got over that, I can't get enough of this place. And I'm not even a spicy food lover!
The Dan Dan Noodles are delicious, along with the dumplings in Chili oil. The flavor of both of these dishes is very delicious and wonderful! I'm getting hungry and craving it right now just writing about it!
We also got the crispy cucumbers, they were good and well liked by my bf and Mom. The pork friend rice was also delicious!! Tasted more flavorful and delicious than other PFR that I've had over the years. 
Wasn't a huge fan of the spring rolls or scallion pancakes...
The wait staff is very nice and both locations in Manayunk and Old City. And I am so thankful they always come around and refill the water..I usually drink a ton of it here :) 
Can't wait to eat here again, it's a great restaurant and defintely a huge asset to Manayunk!i ordering a sauteed chicken with red dry pepper, the chicken is over breaded, i ain't taste any chicken, i only get the fry breaded surface. And super salty, i don't think so this chef is qualified. for american people may okay, they can't taste out anyway, they don't care. but it ruin the Chinese food. sadnessGreat food! Scallion pancakes, dumpling in chili oil, Dandan noodles, pork belly with leeks and chicken in garlic sauce! All great! Atmosphere- eh. Service good. Go for the food!Yum - very authentic and love that the spice levels can be adjusted from 1 - a sizzling 10 for everything on the menu. Nice ambience and efficient service. Also the restaurant is located on a charming street with other quaint shops and eateries.Love their spicy crispy cucumber, mung bean noodle in black bean sauce, and west lake beef soup. 川北涼粉, 西湖牛肉羹,蒜蓉黃瓜. Trust meI don't know how anyone could give this Han Dynasty a poor review. I live in Manayunk and come here often. The staff is very friendly, the ambiance is nice and it is a BYOB. The food comes out fast and is always high in quality. When I order takeout it is rarely if ever longer than 15 minutes. Have been a long-time patron and can honestly say I am yet to have anything less than a great experience. I have been to every Han Dynasty in the Philadelphia area and in my opinion the Manayunk Han is the best overall. As a note, I would also give the University City a 5 star review and the ambiance is a bit better overall. I did have a decently poor experience at the Old City Han when our waiter went completely MIA after serving us our very very spicy entre (we needed water and he was nowhere to be found)! But overall, still wouldn't give any less than 4 stars.I think their appetizers are the best options on the menu to be honest. The beef and tripe in chili oil is particularly great! Cucumbers are tasty. Wontons in chili oil, dan dan noodles, etc. Scallion pancakes are long on grease and short on flavor, though, unfortunately. 
Mapo tofu is a good combo of flavor and spice. The other entrees are decent to pretty great, and I think certain proteins pair better with certain preparations, so if in doubt, ask the waiter for suggestions. 
I don't think the spice ratings (10 point scale) are the most accurate. Either that or I've got dragon mouth and don't react to heat like I feel I normally do.Their food is amazing!  I highly recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the garlic cucumber appetizer (just make sure you're ready to smell like garlic for the rest of the night lol) The waiter was very attentive and went out of his way to make sure we ordered the best options on the menu.  Will definitely be returning soon!Han dynasty does not care about their customers. I used to eat there at least once/week and I never got a friendly smile or recognition from any of the servers. They always seem pissed off about something. The food is good, so I kept going back. 
This last week, I went there with friends who had a 5 month old baby. We took the stroller in and were seated next to the bathroom. The restaurant was almost empty, so we asked politely to be seated elsewhere. The server flatly refused! Then proceeded to say they do not allow strollers inside the restaurant (but there were no signs and he didn't ask us to close the stroller when we first entered). When we started protesting, he threw us out!! HE THREW US OUT! I will take my money and go somewhere else.Went in here to escape the cold and snow. The service was wonderful. I will definitely be returning. I recommend trying the string beans.I'll rate the food at 5 stars but customer service was at a -10!
I first want to start off by saying that I love Han dynasty, they are my number one choice when it comes to Chinese cuisine, so it's unfortunate that I have to write this. I've been to all the other locations, but Manayunk is where I frequent because of the location , customer service is usually good . This evening I came to my regular location for dinner and this short Asian man with glasses who I've never seen at this location before was our waiter for the night . I ordered my food, I asked for cumin chicken at a level 10 ( which I usually get ) when the food came out it looked strange and I knew this wasn't want I normally got. I went and taste it and it was flavorless, pasty and over powered with chilli pepper. So I called the waiter over , as he was coming over I noticed his face changed. I told him this was not what I ordered and the meal wasn't edible at all and wanted to order another order , he looked and got an instant attitude , saying "do not ask for spicy if that's not what you want " and went on and said " the cooks will not be happy about this" which took me completely back, I said " excuse me? " he went on and proceeded to argue with me, we went back and forth a bit and he went to put my order in. I was so surprised and caught off guard by his reaction, I couldn't believe it. Throughout the rest of my dinner he never once came back to check to see if I was fine, in fact none of them did. I enjoy the food, but I will not deal with the rudeness and bad attitude. My advice to Han is to get customer service etiquette training for the employees because at this rate, they will lose customers rapidly .Ate here last night, we usually go to the original location a this was just as good.
We shared Dan Dan noodles, won tons in chicken broth, garlic sauce chicken, crispy rice chicken and a sausage appetizer. All of it yummy and happening! The noodles were a 6 so they were the spiciest, the garlic sauce is a 3 and the other things were no number.  Be ready to drink your water!  Not your typical Chinese for sure worth repeating but I highly recommend it.Best Szechuan I've ever had! This delicious place has excellent selection and amazingly authentic Chinese! So much better than your average Chinese restaurant!Really don't know what has happened to this place. Used to go all the time but the last couple of times I've went have been serioisly underwhelmed.
Spicy cucumbers are always a safe pic and they're delicious. Most of the other dishes are supppperrr greasy. The eggplant was horrible- it was so soggy. The meat dishes are generally okay but nothing spectacular.
Now let's get to customer service, TERRIBLE! And not just once or twice or on a crowded night it's consistently horrible. Good luck getting anything after your order is taken. More water? You'll have to flag someone down for that as well as anything else you may need. No one comes around to check on you and see how the dishes are. Last time I went our food was taking a long time and I noticed everyone else around us (even those that got seated after us) had gotten their dishes. The servers kept coming over to look at the table, we'd make eye contact and they'd walk away. It was like they were avoiding having to tell us what the hold up was. Finally got someone's attention and all they said was "it's coming". No apologies - no one even came around to check on us. One of our  dishes was so bad it went untouched. Finally flagged down the server for the bill, he asked how everything was when I mentioned the dish we didn't care for and he said nothing just took our plates away. You think they'd bring the bill after that? Nope- had to flag someone down for that too. 
Overall the customer service is a joke. They really need to train their employees. Food is just okay.I'll start with the service which was horrible. It is a very small restaurant with waiters running around from left to right, yet we stood at the front for what seemed like 15 minutes before someone acknowledged us. There were plenty of open tables so we finally asked one of the staff if we could take a seat. Once we were seated we waited another 10-15 minutes before someone came to our table. Once we expressed our concern with the service they seemed to pick up their pace. 
Now onto the food. The menu is true Szechuan (pronounced Zesh-won)  and has been rated one of the best in the country. After tasting it I am not surprised. What I loved most is that the menu is one page only not like other Chinese restaurants who present books as menus to flip through. There are your appetizers, entrees and side dishes. Szechuan is a style of Chinese cooking which originated from the Sichuan province of Southwestern China. What makes it so popular are the bold flavours, particularly the pungent and spiciness resulting from the use of mounds and mounds of garlic and chili peppers. You can choose your dishes based on the style of sauce you prefer and the meat or vegetables. Then you can choose the spiciness level ranging from 1 being tolerable to 10 being the spiciest. (See Menu)
We started off with an order of wontons in chili oil. Once I took the first bite I was immediately hooked. I love garlic and am known to use a lot of it at home. What made the dish so special was the garlic chili sauce sprinkled with sesame oil. 
Next we tried the wontons in chili oil sauce. The flavors were the same although the wantons come in a larger quantity and seem to have more filling. It was also delicious. There were four of us on our second trip so we decided to order two main entrees and share. First order was the Dry Pot Style served in a mini wok and cooked in a spicy hot sauce with black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, bell peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. We ordered the level 7 spice thinking it was a happy medium. It arrived on top of a mini gas stove sizzling hot served with a big bowl of white rice.  Again the sauce and the spiciness and the liberal use of garlic made it so good. In fact, the best I've ever had. 
We also ordered a side of bok choy with black mushrooms. It was presented so beautifully like a plate of flowers. It was the perfect side dish to offset the meat and spice. The bok choy was fresh and crunchy, the mushrooms were so good and the sauce even better.  Our next entree was the prawns in garlic sauce. As if there was not enough garlic in the other dishes this plate was mainly covered in garlic. Did I complain? Of course not, it was truly one of the best sauces I have ever tasted. The prawns were large and generous amounts were presented in the plate.  On our first trip we had the garlic sauce with the beef as opposed to the shrimp. I think I preferred the beef to the prawns for this dish. The garlic sauce is my favorite and I know that I'll be a regular based purely on this sauce. Just thinking of it is making my mouth water.
Was the meal amazing? Yes. Will I be back? Yes. Did the service turn me off? A bit but the food is too good to let the bad service get in the way. Plus there are several different locations and I am determined to try them all.The speed at which our food came out was impressive so I am giving one star.
The atmosphere was fine, noisy with loud grunge-punk music so not very authentic feeling, but I dig non-convention and thought that was kind of cool.
I wish the waiter spoke better English and knew what "vegan" meant. I haven't been to a restaurant and had to explain that I don't eat meat or fish or egg in a long time. I even had to clarify that I didn't just mean "no beef" -- that "pork" was, in fact, "meat." This place is not vegan-friendly in that respect.
But the low rating is totally based on the food, which was swimming in oil. The Dan Dan Noodles ("hold the meat") were very flavorful, but the flavor comes from oil which sits at the bottom of the bowl and you mix in yourself. I ordered the Mapo Tofu ("hold the pork") which was a huge bowl of oil, with tofu floating in it. I could only eat a quarter of the dish because it was so oily, I was scared it would make me sick. At the end of the meal, both my and my dining companion's plates were just puddles of oil with bits of slick food.
I prefer food whose flavor comes from clever use of spices and cooking methods, rather than a cheap and easy douse-in-oil methodology.I come to Han Dynasty nearly every time that I visit Philly. The food is amazing (favorites are Dan Dan noodles, cucumbers in chili oil and dry pots), the service is quick, the prices are reasonable, the building has awesome architecture with modern upgrades, and the location is convenient.Tried the new location and the food was as good as ever, had the cumin beef with the dan-dan's to start.   Full bar now and good beer prices ( necessary to quench the mega-spicey palate!)Came here for my birthday with a group of 6, we contacted the restaurant about three days in advance for a reservation and would up with a 9pm reservation on a Friday night. Corkage fee is $10 for wine and $1 for each beer you bring. We brought some IPA's and lager which was great with the food. You can buy alcohol in the Old City location for cheap.
Atmosphere is a bit chaotic on a weekend, and it can get a but loud in there. Food was awesome we were able to try a bunch of things, most dishes are able to be shared family style. My favorite things we  shared were Dan Dan Noodles, Chili Dumplings, Cumin Style Chicken. I was not intimidated by the spice level of the foods because the heat was complex not just burning.
Prices were reasonable, and it was absolutely delicious.First visit to Han Dynasty. Interesting place with large ceiling and good decor and huge bar w TV's. The food was excellent for Chinese. Our group likes spicy food and we got 8/10 on their scale which a little weak on spiciness. We felt at that level they had overdone the pepper flakes to compensate for the spiciness and they also provided spicy oil. We got the dan Dan noodles, chicken dry pot, mapo tofu, and wonton soup w chicken. The Dan Dan Noodles were a good start. The dry pot chicken had too many pepper flakes but was otherwise well done. The mapo tofu was also excellent, the saucy was not too runny and it was not overpowered by flakes as well. The soup was standard and also a good choice. Service was excellent but their table layout was weird. We sat in the middle of the entire place. 
We will definitely go again, very reasonable prices, and overall a good experience.Based on reviews my husband and I ate here...and I can honestly say that it was phenomenal. Our service was top notch. Cheap beer for a happy hour special helped our bill but regardless the food would have made this place 5 star.The staff makes no hesitation to recommend a dish for you that he thinks is better than the one you ordered. The dan-dan noodles comes out quick and is spicy and delicious! The dumplings in chili oil was the perfect appetizer. Hot sauce chicken comes out in a large filling portion and the double fried fish was crunchy and delicious with black bean flavor! Too much spice makes the next morning somewhat painful though so be warned!Just great. Atmosphere , food, service. Right in the heart of olde city. Snow pea greens and sesame noodles.Best Chinese food I've had!  Love the spice.  New space is great and the service is quick and courteous!  Must stop in Philly!I usually prefer Thai over Chinese any day, but Han Dynasty is hands down the best Chinese I've ever had. Overall the restaurant is very clean, and has vaulting ceilings giving the appearance an A+ so it would be appropriate for client meetings, dates, or just a casual get together. The pricing was very moderate, we were able to get 3 apps, a round of mimosas, and 2 entrees for under $80 including tip. Our waiter greeted us with a pot of tea which was awesome. He also provided me with drink and food recommendations to make sure I got the most from my visit. I do wish I got a non-noodle entree, as we had the Dan Dan and sesame noodles as apps but it was amazing. I did request for my rice noodles as a 7 spicy and they came out more sweet than spicy but everything was so delicious that I don't even care.This is everything you'd hope it'd be from the reviews.  Awesome Chinese food.  Do they need another good review?  Probably not, but I just have to throw out some of my favorites.  Loved the dan dan noodles (still spicy after we turned the heat down 2 notches!), the scallion chicken was a big favorite at our table, Kung Pao chicken packed some great heat with the chilis and crunch with the peanuts, and the garlic sauce beef was my personal favorite.  
Prices are awesome.  We shared 6 items: soup, noodles, fried rice, and 3 entrees, ordered two beers and it only came out to $84.  Service was solid and happy to fill you in on how they do things at Han Dynasty.  Menu is really user-friendly and breaks it all down for you.  And the food comes crazy fast.  It was easily less than 15 minutes from the time we ordered that we got everything brought to our table.  
Cin Cin in Chestnut Hill had been my favorite Chinese in Philly, but this has just taken the lead.  Can't wait to get back in here.This place was awesome.  You walk in and it takes a while for your eyes to adjust.  I would call it dimly lit, but I think that would be too bright.  It's huge inside, particularly the ceiling height.  Love the fact the tables are not on top of each other.
The menu, we are told, is more authentic Szechuan, not the crap we tend to eat in America.  Not sure, since i have never been, but it was definitely different.  It comes family style and we definitely ordered more than we could eat for 8 - fried rice with sausage (oddly good) fried rice with shrimp (also good), dumplings in peanut sauce (excellent) garlic sauce with chicken (outstanding) some kind of bread type thing that was reminiscent of Naan in an Indian restaurant (also excellent) Eggplant in garlic sauce (great), spicy cucumber (also very good), etc.  Service was a bit off ( had to run them down a few times for water and refills on drinks), but definitely a place to hit.Dan Dan noodles and spicy cucumbers still rock.
Dry Pepper style chicken is good. A little overdone (manayunk Han dynasty made them perfect)
Service is still always only okay at the Old City site.Great variety to choose from. The cumin style chicken and dumplings in chili oil are amazing! I also enjoy the spring rolls, dan dan noodles, cold noodles and chili oil yum! I think the atmosphere and food is a lot better at the old city locationSensei Spicy Rating: Dan Dan NoodlesWent for the first time finally on a Thursday night with coworkers. There were 4 of us and we told the server to send out as many different options for us for $35 a person. That was the way to go. They send out 4 appetizers and 5 entrees. The food was plentiful and delicious. The dan dan noodles were just the right spice and the entrees all ranged in spice and variety. The flounder was amazing as well as the chicken and hot bowl. The service was very good. We loved it.Not at all what I expected. I wish I had a Han Dynasty next door to my house, I would be there every day. We had the Dan Dan Noodles (amazing!) and the dumplings in chili oil for appetizers. You do not need to order a whole meal for yourself, it will be too much. Choose 1 per couple. This would be a great place for a group outing. The food is spicy, very spicy! They will keep you refilled on water. Watch the corkage fee. They will charge you $1 to open a beer.We went to the new Han on Saturday evening for appetizers and some cocktails. I've been to the Han in Exton for years so I was expecting the same quality of food. Not the case.....Dan Dan soupy, very little ground pork, wonton in chili oil, different type of chili oil, mung bean noodles- unrecognizable from Exton, tendon excellent, cucumbers in chili oil, way different.  
If you want to have a chain of restaurants- consistency is key and I think they need some work here.  Tons of cooks in the kitchen,  just not as good.The Dandan noodles are amazing. Also try the string beans with pork. This could be a veggie to replace French fries.
Great space as well. An old cavernous bank.
Although after walking out into the cold brisk winter I realized how loud the place was. It needs to decide whether it's a bar or a restaurant. It's not fun yelling during dinner with Nirvana screaming in the background.I give kudos to Han Dynasty's owner for handling a difficult customer (me) last week.  Because my taste in Chinese food is overly Americanized, I expected something to be breaded and fried.  He explained to me that the dished aren't meant to be served as such.  I went with recommendations from my dining buddies and was blown away by the most amazing appetizers I ever had.  They far surpassed my main dish.  I tried the crispy cucumber, won ton, and dan dan noodles (by far the best item).  I will visit again and specifically order the appetizers!I found this place while walking along a strip of other restaurants and from the moment we walked in to see the menu the smells of the food captured our attention.   Everything was perfect.  I ordered the Salt and Pepper shrimp and a spring roll.  I can't stress enough, this was the BEST salt and pepper anything I've ever had.  Extremely well seasoned, the shrimp were not overcooked and they were nice size as well.  We also had spring rolls which didn't really stand out compared to others I've had, but were still good.  
The service was awesome and the food came out really quickly.  All in all I'd definitely recommend this place as a must go if you like authentic Asian food and if you're in the area.Every time we come to Philadelphia, have to stop here. Great flavors, intense spice. Be careful of the spice, but be a bit adventurous. I've liked about everything I've had here. But, the Dan Dan Noodles are out of this world good. Recommend coming with 2-3 other people so you can try more items.Pretty much loved every aspect of the place. The service,  the decor,  the drinks,  and,  of course,  the food. Prices were right and we loved all the spice levels you can explore on almost every item.THE BEST FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN! Literally, the best. Not just the best Chinese. Best ever! And I am hard to please. I could eat those dan dab noodles forever. I'm getting hungry just thinking about them. AMAZINGHad some friends coming into town and needed last minute reservations for a large party and decided Han would be a good option considering the sharing sized portions. I have been to the ucity location several times and decided to go to old city this time around. The food was great as usual, cucumbers in chilli oil, dumplings, wontons, scallion panckes, Dan Dan noodles, all we're perfect appetizers to share. For the main course we went with double cooked pork belly and my favorite the dry pepper chicken. Food came out hot and fast. 
Only complaint about this visit was that it took our waitress about 10 minutes to greet us or take our drink order. And prior to that we were given a booth way to small for the size of our party.OMG, OMG, OMG - this place is simply awesome - first time was on Christmas - wait was tremenous 1.5 hrs., so we went around the corner for a beer and waited until it died down (around 9) - well worth it.  Anything chili will set your face on fire, but well worth the pain, it was delic - great beer selection and the bartenders knew thier stuff when it came to asking about dinner options.  Will be my new go-to spot !On a recent visit to Philadelphia I came across this place with my brother.  I was not too familiar with Sichuan chili oil and peppercorns.  The waiter was extremely helpful and gave us a run down of the entire order.  
We ended up ordering the Dry Pepper Style Chicken (Level 6) & the Double Cooked Style Chicken.  Both highly recommended by the waiter but said the Double Cooked Style is what the staff goes crazy for.  I have to say I wasn't disappointed by either.  I did prefer the Dry Pepper Style but not by much.  
The flavor overall was ridiculously good.  My mouth was on fire and not sure my lips have ever felt that way.  My only wish is that I frequented Philly more often so I could go to this place more often.My wife and I can't go more than a few weeks without eating at Han Dynasty. We love pretty much everything on the menu, but always get an order of dan dan noodles.The service was good and the famous dan-dan noodles requested to make it without pork was GREAT...but the other dishes..cold chicken with szechuan as well as their pot hot chicken..BOTH HAD OVERLY DONE SZECHUAN PEPPER..I am used to using szechuan in many of the food i make and this was over done..and with regular peppers..chilli peppers and szechaun peppers on the food..they had killed every bit of flavor out of the food...i dont think i will go back..migh tbe a bit overrated for me..but then again..the dan dan noodles were preettyy good and the service was good too...!!Decided to go to dinner with friends from work to celebrate the end of the year. Where do I begin?
The Decor is absolutely breath taking.
Service is Amazing and Attentive
I had Dan Dan noodles for the very first time and did heat level#5 had a kick but since I enjoy by ears to burn at times I think the next time I will try hot level#7. We also had the crispy cucumber- very unique and refreshing!
Oh did i mention it was happy hour M-F 5-7 dan dan noodles are 5.00 and I think the cucumbers were 3.00. 
Can't wait to return to try other things on the menu!My stomach dances at the thought of Han, and I am left speechless. Han's mastery of heat and flavor could convert anyone willing to eat outside of their comfort zone.
The pièce de résistance was the peppercorn ice cream. We were promised ice cream to top off a wonderful meal; a generous offer by a very busy server. A small scoop pulled from the bottom of the tub made its way into a tea cup, and then hurriedly into my mouth. The taste was reminiscent of a potent Earl Grey tea, and left my tongue happily numb. A complete surprise, but then again, nothing about Han's should surprise me.GREAT Chinese food and service! The server was AWESOME!
Nice contemporary decor and big open space. 
Large portions and awesome lunch menu.
GO!!!not your typical chinese restaurant! my husband and i love good chinese food, but we knew shechuan chinese was going to be even in a category of its own when we went to han's.  first of all, han is very helpful in recommending foods based on palettes since many of the dishes are very spicy. we were very impressed with the food as well as him as an owner.
we ordered dan dan noodles (amazing!) which is the dish that stands out the most. we ordered three more dishes from the last page which is the "top ordered foods from last month" page.  
we left so full but still ready for more. we will be back, han! especially for that tasting menu that is booked through december!!!Horrible Service!  The good reviews must be friends of the owners.  We did the 25/person dollar tasting menu.   What a waste of money!  1shrimp here 1 dumpling here... We had 10 people at the table  9 dumplings showed up and the waiter said sorry we ran out.
Overheard our waiter say "f... them" to another waiter about a table who said the food was not enough.  Would never eat there again.I decided to go to lunch here with my coworkers after hearing the praises of other Yelpers and local blogs and newspapers.
Their "lunch" menu is simply their dinner menu, but all entrees are half off plus $1.  Why not just print a specific lunch menu with the real prices to eliminate confusion?  
The one server told my Korean friend that she wouldn't like the dish she ordered because "a lot of Koreans order that and none of them like it because it's too spicy and salty" - please let me decide myself if I'd like a certain dish.
Food was amazing, I was so excited to find a great spot near my office, trekking to Chinatown doesn't cut it on some days.
We get the bill and apparently my $12.99 lo mein wasn't an entree so it didn't qualify for the discount.  I asked the server just to clarify what was an entree and what is not an entree, and to perhaps have a different menu so this doesn't happen again (I would not have ordered such an expensive meal for a quick lunch).  He snapped back to me "let me show you since you CLEARLY and OBVIOUSLY don't understand the concept" and proceeded to elbow his way inbetween the seats of my co-worker and I, to show us the menu.  I told him his behavior and words were inappropriate and he replied with "You're the one starting your attitude with me!!"  I told him we were customers and did not need to be talked down to.  He continued to argue with us over nothing, until we told him to please just get us change.  He muttered something and stormed off.
He glared at us while we took our change/signed our credit card slips.  Needless to say, he didn't get a tip (I've never done that in my whole life) and I will never be returning to this place, even though the food was pretty good (albeit on the salty side).  We don't deserve to be treated like that!After my first experience here, I would've easily given a 4-4.5 star rating, but after my last 2 times here, I noticed a lot of inconsistencies in the food. I couldn't taste the schezwan peppers in my dish. 
The service was also poor because they were understaffed. The staff was great, but they were probably being over-worked. Which is sad, because folks don't tip well when the service is poor, but its not the servers fault when they are already working so hard. I hope the next time i go here, i am not disappointed.DAN DAN NOODLES ARE PHENOMENAL! (i get them made vegetarian, without the pork but theyre are still one of the best i've tried)
Their new space is very large and their waitstaff is always friendly and gets the food out really quickly.The place is gorgeous and huge! It used to be a bank. The bar stretches for miles. Love the concept of this place the food comes out in what seemed like less than five minutes.
I got the dan dan noodles and the three cup chicken it comes with rice.
It's the atmosphere of this location you want to check out I give it 5.5 stars.Oh Han how I love thee....
So my review is as follows the stars indicate my love for the food...
***Don don noodles - spicy very yum
**Cucumber not too spicy but garlic
*Scallion pancake
**Sesame noodle - yum not spicy
*Wonton in chili oil scheshwan weird numbing
*Rice
***Snow pea leaves
**Stir fry green beans
**Scallion style beef
***Double cooked fish deeelish
***3 cup chicken - sweet
*Dried pepper shrimp- spicy!
Stir fry kidney slices- not for me
****chocolate malt cake!!! Amazing!!
YUM YUM YUMAs a disclaimer, this review has nothing to do with the quality of the food.
On a whim we decided to try to get into the Old City location (we live in Old City) last night (Saturday). We showed up early at about 5:50 PM, since we had our 5-month old with us. The place was EMPTY - as in a couple bar tables taken and maybe one in the dining room. When we said we didn't have a reservation the male host was incredibly rude, and said he had nothing. We said ok and turned to head out and with attitude the host said "this is OLD CITY on a SATURDAY night."
I understand having no space but you don't have to be rude about it - I know it's Saturday night, we just figured we would try. The attitude alone made us not want to go back, no matter how good the food reviews are.I love Han Dynasty!  I've been there at least 10 times, and once for the tasting menu.
For sure, go for the tasting menu.  It's an incredibly good deal.  Just remember, it's a marathon, not a sprint.  I stopped eating after the appetizers because I was too full!
Favorites  are dan dan noodles (a must!), cold cucumbers, scallion pancakes, three cup chicken, chicken in chili oil, beef and tripe in chili oil, whole fish, wontons in chili oil, and beef with scallions.  Han is welcoming and so nice.
I'll be moving to a new apartment three blocks from this place in Philly, so I'm sure I'll be here every day!Very good!!!! I love the atmosphere and ambience of this particular Han Dynasty. It is HUGE on the inside and very nicely decorated. The food was amazing. If you go you definitely have to try their dumplings! The soup was only so-so for me but the rest of our meal, especially the Taiwanese sausage fried rice, was out of this world.the quality and quantity are very satisfying. Spice levels are adjustable, and had just what I was craving for. They are very accommodating with specific needs as wellI adore Chinese food, and Szechuan cuisine is my favorite. Garlic and chili peppers and tingly Sichuan peppercorns, what's not to love? I was excited about checking out Han Dynasty for everyone I talked to during my visit to Philly said I couldn't miss it. I wasn't disappointed. 
- Dan Dan noodles: definitely lives up to the hype. spicy sweet peanut-y goodness. We got this in the level 8 and could've definitely gone spicier. 
- Dry hot pot style with beef: the hot pot sauce was absolutely divine. It comes out in a sizzling mini wok which was terribly cute. The bamboo shoots were money. This was a level 9 and had the perfect amount of heat (as in I sweat just the right amount)
Service was fine. The restaurant itself is huge (tall ceilings with intricate crown moulding) and the decor is cool. If I lived in Philly, Han Dynasty would definitely become my go-to place for spicy Chinese food.Came here on a Saturday afternoon. The place wasn't too crowded and the service was great, welcoming and warming. 
The food was fantastic. Luckily this place isn't in Chinatown or it would sort of just be skipped over. This isn't your typical Chinese place. Very little grease and the food isn't typically slimy.
I got the wonton soup and the wontons were to die for. So light and airy. I could have eaten a million!
I can't wait to go back and sample more of the menu!If you want authentic schezuan style Chinese food this is the only place you should go in philly. Han dynasty does a superb job of making the best Chinese food in Philly. Every menu item is given a number 1-10 for level of spicieness. And be warned levels 8-10 are serious levels of spiciness and are not for the weak. The best option here is to order a bunch of dishes and eat family style because you're going to want to try everything. Everything is priced well. Our tab usually ends up $20pp. Reservations are a must here. They book up very quickly.
Our favorite dishes:
Beef and tripe in chili oil (10)
pork belly in sweet garlic chili oil (5)
Dan dan noodles (6)
Cumin style beef (7)Really tasty ans spicy Chinese.  Really enjoyed this meal especially coming off of a cold.I usually can't do spicy but had to come here...it's all over magazine and TV shows for good reason. It's best to eat with a bigger group, family style, so you can try more dishes. 
They are not kidding when they describe this place as spicy...for the faint of tongue, have plenty of water, rice, and some non-spicy dishes to balance out! It's nice that they give a "rating" for how spicy a dish is. I didn't bother trying anything with a 10 since even my spicy loving friends thought it was a lot.
Dan dan noodles are  a must. Just get that to go if you don't have time for anything else.When Han Dynasty first opened my boyfriend and I decided to check it out, as it's just down the street from us. We were blown away.We made the mistake of getting a dish with a 9/10 spicy level on our first visit as we love spicy food but we quickly learned that our spicy was on a different level than Han's. It nearly blew our heads off, but with tears rolling down our cheeks and about 800 glasses of water later, we concluded our meal. We now go here regularly and have never left disappointed. Han always stops by to chat with guests and recommend specials etc. The food is vibrant, flavorful and interesting. This past Monday was a rainy dismal one, yet Han Dynasty was packed to the brim with a special tasting event in addition to regular patrons upstairs.  It is great to see  him doing well in the city where people can appreciate his authentic style. The dan dan noodles are a favorite. As is the dry-pot style fish.please don't throw any stones, but seriously i just don't get it.  i love chinese food, but i don't understand the unapologetic "authentic" cuisine of han dynasty.  the dan dan noodles were bathed in oil and the noodles themselves were tasteless.  the pork belly was also just a fatty and greasy mess.  making food more greasy and spicy is usually an amateur cover up for flavor and freshness shortcomings.  i can't even bring myself to give han dynasty a second chance despite the fact that i only live two block away.Food is delicious, wait staff are a bunch of zombies- took forever to get our leftovers boxed up, so long that we just left without them.Without a doubt....the most beautiful Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten in. 
I stopped in here for lunch to meet with a customer and was blown away. 
A great beer selection coupled with very good food. 
The sauteed pork belly with leeks was one of the best dishes I've had. The dumplings in chili oil were great as well.Han is THE MAN. Spicy, crispy, flavorful, fresh food. Excellent, attentive, unobtrusive service. Casually comfortable decor. Nice bathrooms, even! I love it here. I will have pork belly dreams, noodle notions, and chicken cravings until I get the chance to dine here again.
I don't think it's fair to compare Han Dynasty to the best of NYC, but I'd place it among the best of Philadelphia. I'd like to know where else in Center City, South, or West Philly you'll eat as well.First time in Philly and stopped in here for dinner with the family. It was great! The twice cooked fish is addicting. One of the best dishes I've ever eaten. Dan Dan Noodles were good as well. Service was top notch and super fast. They bring the dishes out family style as they are done, so everything is piping hot and fresh. Highly recommend this place!Just finished up the Han Dynastys' 21 course tasting. Im stuffed to the rafters with some of the most authentic, best tasting, incredibly balanced, beautifly spicy, Chinese cuisine. 21 courses ranging from cucumbers in chili sauce to Ma Po tofu to spicy beef and tripe. The highlights for me were the cucumbers in chili sauce, the twice cooked fish (steamed and then fried) and the Don Don noodles. Those were just my personal favs, every dish had somthing to remember. 
The Han Dynasty has a wait staff that run around making sure everyone is catered to, but also have the time to tell pertinent stories for many dishes. They earn every cent of their 20%, which is why i left 30%. Which leads me to the best part of the meal, besides the food, the meal only costs $25!!! Like most great things in philly, the Han Dynasty is a diamond in the rough. 5 stars across the board! Thank you Han Dynasty, i will be back.I heard about Han Dynasty at work when we were talking about where to go to eat with friends and someone came in and told us about this place. Took my husband there and we fell in love. The food is amazing and different. If you don't like spicy food then don't go here, it is not for everyone. Every time we go here now we take friends and they all fall in love with it. We've been back many times and always look forward to going. Han himself is an awesome guy and his staff is super cool. Can't wait to go back there again!! Hi Han:)))I wish I remember what I had.  But the intensity of the spices send my mind into another space/time continuity.
I'll admit, when I first entered I was suspicious, because I saw no other Asian people there.  But those fears were quickly allayed, not just by the superb food, but by the large Chinese family that came in shortly after I did.
I had the dumplings in chili oil, homestyle tofu and some sort of pork with chili peppers that caused all the pores in my tongue to open up.
Did I suffer the next morning?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  Yes.Han Dynasty is my favorite restaurant in the city. The dan dan noodles are amazing, spicy cucumbers are really good. My wife loves the three cup chicken.I was not a fan of the Manayunk location, which I had been to twice prior to coming to this one.  I have a friend that raves about this place and went with him and quite a few other friends.  We got the $30/person tasting menu, which certainly provided a good amount of food and a good overview of what Han Dynasty has to offer.  While this location was definitely a step over Manayunk (I gave Manayunk 2 stars), I was far from blown away.  The world famous Dan Dan noodles are nothing more than slightly fatter spaghetti style noodles with what is effectively spicy peanut sauce.  They were fine.  They were nothing to write home about.  By and large this was my thought with nearly every dish I had.  Nothing blew me away.  Most everything was decent.  Definitely quite spicy.  The restaurant itself had a cool feel to it.  Good beer list.  I don't anticipate coming back.We were invited to a dumpling making class, led by Han himself.  Not only did I learn that I don't have a future in dumplings, but I learned that I wasn't as bad as others.  Regardless, it was a very fun night meeting good people and eating good food!Spicy crunchy cucumbers: 4.5/5
I ordered two orders of these. I was pre-warned that it'd be too much, and it's true: but it was so good and addicting, I'm glad I have leftovers. The ma la numbness is still lingering on my lips. Transported me back to the ma la tang I had in Beijing street food. It was phenomenal.
My boyfriend had the dan dan noodles and wontons in chili oil. The pickled vegetables and the smell of the dan dan mian mirrored those he's had at my home in Hong Kong and those I've had in mainland China (did not partake because I am now a vegetarian). He loved it, and brought some home.
Our meal went perfectly with the crisp white wine we bought. What a treat!
P.S. I am stuffed to the gills. Can't wait to come back and try other menu items!A year ago on Christmas my wife and I went to Han dynasty and were blown away by the authentic Szechuan style cooking. We found everything tasted fantastic. This past Christmas we brought our brother-in-law and sister-in-law to dinner with us. While both my wife and I
love hot spicy food my in-laws do not and we were skeptical if they would like it.
We were so pleased at how much they enjoyed it and showed us how transcendent food
from the masters can be. As we were finishing our meal Han stopped by our table to check
up on us which was a big treat for me because I'm such a big fan of his food.
Please visit and put your self in there hands you wont be disappointed .When they say spicy they mean it! I've read lots of rave reviews about this place but not many note this. All dishes have a number beside them indicating spice level - but they will adapt any dish to be less or more spicy. Do not ignore the spice level if you are even slightly bothered by heat - I usually like mild or medium spice. 
I got the dan-dan noodles based on a recommendation - but it was too spicy and I couldn't finish it. Next time I would ask for a level 2-3 spice or without the chili sauce.  
My friends got the garlic pork dish and it was good, I also shared the Dry Fry style which I would not get again - too spicy and the bamboo shoots and dry peppers overpowered the dish. 
Service was good - the waiter came over to our table multiple times while we were deciding on our order. Also price was reasonable for the area. 
I hope to go back and have a better experience with what I learned from the first one.It's a good Sichuan place love the décor. Good for groups to hangout. But a lot too much MSG and too Americanized for me.I've been getting takeout from Han's since I moved here and it has been consistently good.  Like many of the reviewers, the food is indeed spicy but you can always take it down or up.  I find a level 7 adds enough of a kick to give you a nice heat in the back of your mouth but not enough to make you sweat.  My favorites dishes are the garlic pork, kung pao chicken, minced pork green beans, and the hot sauce style chicken.  My only complaint about the place is the price of the entrees.  It is higher than most chinese restaurants and maybe its because of the location.  Otherwise, it's the best chinese restaurant in Old City.It's spicy and it's great. Dan dan noodles are delightful. The hot sauce style with fish is probably the best dish on the menu. I usually go there a couple times a month and  I never get seated in the basement.To call this Chinese Food is an insult. Handy Nasty is some next level ish. The place is crowded, busy, and one of the more gratifying meals I've ever had. The Dan-Dan Noodles are sublime, and explode in your mouth like so many mini-firecrackers. Whatever is used to create the Cucumber appetizer is nothing short of Wizardry, and I passed on the opportunity to find out despite Han himself drunkenly stumbling upon my table clutching a bottle of DogFish Head and inviting the members of my party to get naked. This place is simply special, and I am fully prepared to challenge anyone who says otherwise to a duel.My visit to this restaurant was probably the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. The food was okay, although not as wonderful as all the raves have led me to believe. The reason our dinner at Han Dynasty was so awful was that we were treated like prison inmates. I don't know why we were even given menus, since the owner insisted on commenting on and correcting everything we said we wanted. 
According to the owner, he knows best, and if a diner doesn't agree with his ideas, the diner does not deserve to eat in his restaurant. No, he's right, we DIDN'T deserve to be treated like members of a concentration camp. The food was just okay, and I will never darken his door again. The whole experience cost me $100 for three people, including tip. And he is very hard on his servers. Altogether, an awful place for dinner. We were so tense when we left that we had to take a walk to relax.I find the food to be delicious. However, the service is Meh and the space is too large for the amount of seats so it feels empty. And there is no music so it felt like we were too loud as well. Get the chili dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumbers for sure. I love spicy food and this place is a great place to bring someone if you want to have a lot to talk about in terms of the interesting food selection.I don't know how I managed to live here for almost 3years and didn't know of this place until 2months ago. Since then, I've been here twice. 1st visit I was recommended the Dandan (?) noodles which, although is listed as an app, can be a meal on it's own. Got it also the 2nd time. 
The menu has a full list of items that you can't possible go through unless you remain dedicated to coming back here every so often to try something new. 
It's a bit out of the way for me but it's good for group meal if I'm ever in the surrounding area.this was the perfect place for a wonderful, inexpensive, fast late dinner on our first night in philadelphia. pea shoots with garlic, spicy cucumbers, and home style tofu all amazing. great service. very vegetarian-friendly. menu makes it easy to understand how spicy everything is going to be.Wow. This place lived up to the hype. I cannot recall the last time I have been out to eat and had so many dishes with so many awesome flavors.
We got:
Dan Dan noodles (as everyone seems to agree, they are so tasty. I am a wimp when it comes to spice level so I ask for a level 4).
Spiced cucumbers (a must have. fresh and delicious)
Dumplings (I think they are better things on the menu but still good)
Won ton soup (Delicious but spicy)
Garlic sauce chicken (LOVED IT....so so good and such a good combination of flavors)
Hot pepper beef (very spicy but I couldn't stop eating it).
Other tips: Reservations are a good idea and you may still have a small wait. No corkage fee if you BYOB on Tuesday nights. My one complaint is the fact that there's a two credit card limit per table, but hey, no place is perfect.Great food! Cumin chicken and Dan Dan noodles is a must try. Staff was welcoming despite being over crowded.I happened upon this place by happenstance trying to kill time before meeting up with friends.  Their food and cocktails are simply amazing. Be sure to adjust the spiciness level to your liking or you may not be able to taste your food since your mouth will be burning. 
Maliki was an amazing server, full of recommendations, suggestions and just fun! Will definitely make a special trip to Philly (i live in NJ) for a meal here. Bar none, hands down the best Asian food I've had!!!My go to place when I'm in Philly for Chinese food. Excellent selection of food for extremely affordable price. Order a few entres and try out their selection. It's great and you won't regret it.Spicy and good!  But get reservations. This place packs up quickly even late at night. The food comes in a wide variety, small dishes and big plates. You probably will want to get some for the table to share.  I would also order a bunch of water or rice to cut the spice. Even me, a hard core spice lover felt the heat!  Also, if you are Chinese or know someone who reads it, bring them along. They have a special menu!  :DSome of the most unique Chinese food I have ever had.
When planning a trip to Philadelphia and ready various websites about the best places the to eat, Han Dynasty name kept appearing.
Before making the trip up from DC to Philly, I made reservations for a Saturday evening. If you're coming here on a weekend, I'd definitely plan on making reservations. The host at the front had to turn people away from coming because the wait would have been at least two hours.
The food here isn't the traditional Chinese food you're probably used to. It's all really spicy and the spice levels on the menu are definitely accurate. We got the dan dan noodles that were recommended my the waitress. These noodles didn't taste spicy at first, but after a few minutes the heat hit. However, it was a pleasant and sustained burn,
For an entree, we order the the dry fry style beef. The texture of the beef slices was very crispy and unlike anything I've eaten before. There are some hot chilis in this dish definitely bring the heat, so after eating one I picked around the rest.
Also, it was a smart move to order a non-spicy vegetable to cut down on the heat from the meat. We got the string beans with minced pork and the saltiness of the pork aided in putting the fire out in my mouth.
Coming from DC, it was cool to bring our own wine and the $10 corkage fee is not outrageous.
Also, Han Dynasty is in a great location in the Olde City right next to the Penn's Landing area.Very good Szechuan food. Great staples! Loved the tripe appetizer! I've had better cumin lamb and beef but still good. The noodles were the star of the meal.Located in old city, han Dynasty is a great place to stop by for dinner! I came here a few weeks ago with a group of 10 and the restaurant was extremely accommodating. Right when you walk in, there's a visually appealing bar to your right and the restaurant has a large, well decorated interior. Very posh, yet charming!
None of us, except one, has been here previously so the waitress was very helpful with suggestions and extremely patient with all of the indecisiveness our group presented. We ended up ordering some of everything and shared family-style. Stand out dishes include the Dan-Dan noodles, pickled spicy cucumber salad, and walnut shrimp. Everything was tasty and we had more than enough food sharing a bunch of dishes. My only complaint is that some of the food is a little too salty to my liking, but that's probably because Szechuan cuisine is very seasoned in general. 
Overall, if you're looking for a good restaurant in old city that can accommodate a large group, I would suggest this location!I heard a lot of good thing about Han dynasty and my experience there did not disappoint me. First off,, kudos to our waiter, he was amazing. I do not like spicy food and the waiter was great at helping me choosing something I could eat. He was on top of our orders and came multiples to check how we were doing. We started off our dinner with the sesame noodles. It was just super good. Then we ordered the chicken fried rice and some other spicy plates (can't remember the name). My plate was amazing! Unfortunately, I couldn't try my friends' plate because it was too spicy for me but my friends only had compliments. The prices are in the mid-range. Great experience overall and looking forward to go back to Han dynasty.
Tips, if you have a "normal appetite", sharing an appetizers and an entre is MUCH more than enough for two!Five stars means as good as it gets, right? Well, this is not as good as it gets. It is however a pleasant surprise. 
The food is good. Vegie are nice and crisp. Wanton has delicate wrapping and tasty fillings. The cold noodle could have use a little more peanut sauce and a tad less hot oil. Dishes are hot and spicy as Han said it would be, but not unbearably so as he repeatedly warned us. All four dishes we ordered had lots of Sichuan pepper corn in them which is a good thing. I love that stuff, just not lots of it in every dishes. May be it just happen to the four we ordered. 
I had eaten in Sichuan before, and if you think authentic Sichuan cooking is with lots of Sichuan pepper corn, then you don't know what you are talking about. 
Service is some what odd. We brought wine and they opened it right away,but we had to ask for wine glasses. We were dinning chinese style but has to ask for bowls. Noticed that the table next to us also brought wine, but was given brandy sniffers. This place is open for a while now, not sure why these kinks are not work out already. 
A nice touch would have been some pickled radish or napa cabbage and roasted peanuts when you sit down. Which is a given in every restaurant I went to when I visited my colleagues in Chung Do and Chung King. From the fanciest restaurants to the road side dinners. 
Since I already decided that I will be back just for the spiciness and try other dishes to be fair. I will give it a 4 stars for now. Will adjust up/down after I try again.