The reason for my not so great review is because of their lack of selection for toppings. They don't have any of the good stuff! Some of my favorite things to get when I go to froyo shops are brownie bits, cheesecake pieces, Heath, and popping boba (I think that's what they're called?). This place didn't have any of those things on the 2 occasions I went. They had a few different kinds of fruit, Reese's cups, some wafer cookie things, and a few other things in dispensers. Meh. For the most part I like this place and I'd go back if my friends were going, but I wouldn't be the one to suggest it. 
The decor and theme is really nice though. They even have creative names for their froyo flavors.Cute little cafe. Desserts and drinks are reasonably priced. Taste great. Different variety. However it gets a little crowded and it feel a little dirty inside.This place is magical. Try the butter beer! Pro tip: drink it there - you will feel like your mouth is in Hogsmeade. The frozen yogurts are all delicious and the decor is great for movie buffs. The crème brûlée is very good - from a connoisseur of such treats. I also can never leave without a peanut butter peanut cup cookie. Oh, and the macaroons and ... Everything.I love this place!! I come here once a week- peanut butter is the best flavor- it's so creamy I can't believe it's not ice cream. Also love Nutella, gingerbread and pumpkin! Friendly service- great neighborhood spot.I really enjoy this place. Really. I do. Good froyo and treats, solid coffee, great location, and all the nerdy stuff you can possibly oogle at while indulging a sweet tooth.
But don't serve savory items unless you know how to execute them. I.e. eggs benedict should have poached eggs and ham that isn't cheapo lunchmeat. The waffle base was quite tasty. Everything else was poor in quality, including my friend's panini that she said tasted frozen. 
I hatehatehate picking on service, but the guy there was really.... just, rude. sorry for ordering food off of the menu and not just coming in for coffee and dessert?Had crime brûlée here. 
Great service and overall experience. 
Very clean. Serve are nice.
Will gladly return to try everything else.Happily ever after was such a great find! the trendy inside was so cute and the coffee was great. Definitely one of my favorite coffee spots in the city.This place is so adorable! Everything is super kawaii and the macrons are lovely! I also ordered the butterbeer, and speaking as someone who has gotten the real thing from universal studios, this is just as tasty! Well done!Came here after getting dinner at Sonny's and I really loved it! I'm from the west coast and go to LA often where liquid nitrogen ice cream is pretty popular so I already knew what it was and was pretty shocked to see it out here! So awesome on this store's end for being ahead of the game! 
My first impression when I came in was "wow" this place has everything! From boba to liquid nitrogen ice cream to ramen, etc. How perfect! 
I came in for the liquid nitrogen ice cream so that is what I got! I chose Thai tea and for a double scoop it was $7.99. A little pricey, but you pay for the hype right? Was very impressed at their wide range of flavors to choose from. Couple interesting ones to note: Wasabi?! Wish I got to try that. 
My Thai tea ice cream was great and toppings were free (even better!) so I packed on some mochi and strawberries. My only reason for the 4 stars is the lady that was taking my order was a little rude and snappy. She didn't exactly seem like she wanted to be there. 
Other than that, great place!This place is a great little gem in Old City. Instead of garish bright colors that froyo joints seem to go with these days, every little detail is a clever nod to a beloved movie or pop culture reference. I feel like I see something new every time I walk in! Not to mention, the froyo is tasty and the toppings are not lacking. 
Highly recommend.Fun atmosphere with a lot of humor- and film-themed memorabilia. The snacks and desserts here are tasty and many of them unique and relatively healthy/high quality like the acai bowl - great place to pick up a snack before/after a movie.This place is a super cute and cozy movie-themed cafe. My boyfriend and I came here specifically for the acai bowls and they did not disappoint! Perfect for breakfast. We were able to sample a couple of the froyos and they were also very good (especially the pumpkin spiced one!).
We also talked to the owner as he made our food, seemed like an awesome guy! Great customer service! We will definitely be back to try other things!This place was amazing! Great toppings and yogurt flavors, plus the setting put my whole family in a good mood.We were walking down the street and came across this place. I noticed all the cute details from outside the store that i had to go in. The whole place is decorated with iconic pieces from famous movies and or decades. Anyway i had to order something while i was admiring the store. I ordered a zen tea and a vanilla macaron. The macaron was a little on the sweet side but i only had 1 so that wasnt that bad. They had Star Wars cookies but were priced at nearly $4. I wouldve loved to try the Pistacchio Yoda cookie for its cuteness or the Chocolate Darth Vader but i was skeptical in the taste and wasnt planning on paying that much for a single cookie. Still thought the store was cool.Stopped by after dinner down the street. We shared the nutella cupcake which was delicious. I had a hit chocolate which was also very good.
The menu had tons of options and it seems the liquid nitrogen ice cream is the reason to come. The challenge is the poor girl working by herself could not keep up with the demand and the wait was long. Otherwise everything else was great.Nice selection of desserts and I love the concept of a late night dessert place. I got a small cookie that was pretty good, but the main thing I got was a piece of Nutella cappuccino cheesecake. Honestly, it was pretty beat. Not very flavorful and a bit hard. It shouldn't be work for me to put my fork through a slice of cheesecake, but it was for this. I don't recommend that.
But, my wife got the fro-yo and was into it. I'm confident things besides the cheesecake are good.I hadn't had Nutella in any form prior to ordering the Nutella waffle and wow it was so delicious! Never really crowded, not insanely expensive, and located right in old city so really easy to find. The interior alone is very fun and inviting, definitely should check it out.Great spot for desserts in Old City: if you're looking for something cold and sweet, they probably have something that'll tickle your fancy. Good service, great atmosphere.Nitro ice cream was amazing! Extra creamy and full of flavor. That's what she said anyway. Lmao, very satisfied and enjoyable to watch. Definitely be back.We were wondering around Philly late at night, looking for ice cream and we found this awesome froyo place.  Lots of choices on toppings and the geek stuff they have about was so cool.  That was a neat experience.Note: this place is no longer organic as of fall.  
When they did have organic froyo it blew me away.  The best ever in the country- it was a must to go as often as possible. 
Now, it's another plain froyo joint.  Nothing that blows my mind but is just as good as yogurtland. Sprinkles are good, plenty if fruit toppings and other flavored toppings.  I'm not a fan of the dispensers though because it always pours too much out (and then you get charged by the ounce).
It's a good place to go to with indoor and outdoor seating.  But BRING THE ORGANIC FROYO BACK. I would pay more for it just because it was that good. 
Flavors today:
Original tart 
Gingerbread
Vanilla 
Mango (soo good)
Peanut butter
Dark chocolate
Strawberry
Nutella
The consistency and flavors are very well made. 
They used to print on their napkins too, but didn't see them today.This place is really cool. It has fun treats and a fun design. The staff was really nice as well. I split the resses Belgian waffle with my fiancé and got his sister a strawberry and a nutella macaroon. She said they were amazing.Favorite spot for dessert in Philly! I am a huge of desserts and this is really the only place I come to when I'm in the mood for something sweet. Nice interior with cute decorations and display from Star Wars, the Simpsons, and various Disney movies. Additionally, the staff is always so welcoming and friendly!the new kid on the block seems to have quickly set itself on top of the old city froyo triforce of power.  how did they do that you ask?  well, with really fresh and creamy tasting frozen yogurts, a plethora of toppings, kitschy movie decorations and friendly customer service.  now becoming my new favorite place in the neighborhood for dessert. i get tired of waiting in line at franklin fountain sometimes and i just feel better about myself when i indulge in "fat free" yogurts instead of ice cream (i still love you franklin fountain).  
when it comes to bubble tea, their tapioca bubbles themselves have the perfect taste and texture but the blended powder preparation doesn't hold up to the chinatown bubble tea spots.  the smoothie style might be the way to go here.Very cute place decorated with a bunch of movie memorabilia.  I ordered a banana bubble tea... really tasty!I had the strawberry cheesecake waffle. It was so rich! There were many tasty pieces of cheesecake, strawberry and banana, as well as bits of caramel. The waffle was covered with vanilla yogurt instead of cream which looks healthier. The portion is huge compared to the prize.I wonder how this place even has 4.5 stars.  Disappointment is an understatement for this joint.
We swung by on a whim, hunting for some caffeine.  I spent $7 on an iced chai latte, that straight up tastes like watered down almond milk with a sprinkle of cinnamon, and double shot espresso OVER ICE.  The kicker?  The double shot espresso over ice was served in a mouth wash sized cup with 3 cubes of ice floating in the tiny paper cup.  Are you kidding me?
Guess it goes to show that just because a joint got fancy coffee equipment doesn't guarantee a good cup of coffee.This place is absolutely awesome! Quirky, casual and different, you can't help but feel at home here. The fro-yo is awesome and they even have fun names for the flavors like "the dark side."  I highly recommend the nutella macaroons. DELICIOUS! Forget Starbucks, if you are in the area head here.  It's much higher quality for about the same price.this awesome place is great not only for its delicious ice cream but also for its interior decoration. my children were excited!! i had vanilla and chocolate nitrogen ice cream and both were really good. i will definitely come here again if i visit philadelphia again !I got bubble tea here and was disappointed by it for multiple reasons. It was weird to me that half the drink was filled with ice and that made it harder to get the bubbles, which were hard. The taro flavor itself was okay, but the drink was overflowing the cup and there must have been a hole somewhere because for some reason while drinking it I kept spilling the drink. I'm not usually picky about bubble tea but I didn't love the experience. If I come back it will be to try other things on their menu.The instant nitrogen  icecreme was fantastic. You don't wanna go to other icecreme places once you try it. My friend liked the selection of the homemade froyos and also loved the bubble tea. My friend doesn't like too sweet, so she asked the staff to reduce the syrup. She finished the buble tea in a few minutes : )Really cute, movie-themed cafe with really tasty frozen yogurt and desserts. 
I enjoyed the vanilla, vanilla cheesecake and nutella flavors and coconut, mochi, banana and choc. syrup. 
Very friendly staff as well. 
A definite return to follow. 
Duhlicious!A cute little cafe in Old City that is well-decorated, clean, and just all-around adorable. To be honest I've only been once and I suppose the item I ordered (a canelé) wasn't what this place is known for, but the experience was wonderful and it definitely makes my list for Old City.
The service was solid, as the cashier and the owner were friendly, approachable, and engaging without being overbearing. The decor was a delight in and of itself, especially the Simpsons' lego house, which the owner said he put together himself.
If ever in Old City again, I'll definitely stop by for the fro-yo!3.5 stars! Stopped in after lunch at Sonny's. Loved the decor- definitely right up my alley.  Was with my girlfriends who were visiting and one friend ordered the jumbo s'mores which was so fun looking! Graham cracker bottom with a chocolate dipped marshmallow which then to order, they blow torch it for you.  She loved it, I didn't try it, but it sure was beautiful!  She also devoured a butterbeer!  She said it was basically the most delicious thing she had ever eaten/drank.  It was certainly pretty!  I tasted it- it was super sweet.  Personally, I wouldn't be able to drink the whole one, but I would love to share it with someone!  My other friend had a beautiful latte and we shared two macarons.  You know, macarons are my favorite.  These weren't worth it in my opinion. You could tell they were store bought or at the very least, not homemade.  
They had a great menu and I'd definitely return to try some of their other options.I was meeting up some friends for dinner in Philadelphia, but I got here pretty early. So I decided to stop by and walk around the downtown area for a bit. A bit of exploring of the streets adjacent to Independence Hall led me to this interestingly decorated coffee shop.
I walked in to find that I was the only customer there at the time. I went to order a cappuccino from the barista, and made a quick pit stop while I waited for my drink. I saw some pretty cool decor, and I could tell that the owner of this place really likes movies.
As I walked out of the restroom, I kept spotting interesting decor along the way. The best part about the decor: I spotted Wilson! (For those that don't know, watch the movie Cast Away).
The coffee was pretty good, and the barista was nice. We had a short conversation about the area. Apparently, Philadelphia was voted the rudest city in the US a few years back. I didn't see that while I was here, but that's probably because I'm from LA, and we have a similar reputation.
This coffee shop is nice, come here for a cup of Joe and take a break from Philly's winter weather.I come here during every Pride and I'm never disappointed. It's a great place to cool down (my favorites are the Nutella waffle and the berry peachy smoothie) and all the pop culture arcana is rad.Dessert was awesome. Really liked the theme yet to try nitro ice cream reviews to come.If you love movies, you will love the decor here. From Star Wars references to Wall-e, this place is decked with cool decor. As for the food, I tried the chocolate waffle and it was pretty good. I'd happily go back here any day.Shop is cute. But coffee is burnt and pretty bad. Their froyo isn't that good either. Haven't tried their waffle or boba tea, but I might skip it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this cute little café.  Obviously made with the chic geek in mind, it's set up with stuffed animals, cozy seating that encourages conversation, and some seating for more private interaction.  
The TV's run a silent montage of on point geekery, and the music is just loud enough to be heard, but not so loud it inhibits conversation and socialization.  Neither is it so loud that it will impede any reading or studying that you may want to do while you're there. 
I ordered the Shin Ramen.  It was a little spicer than I expected, but I'm a spice wimp.  I also ate the entire bowl, so it wasn't so spicy I couldn't eat it.  For a bowl of Ramen $6.
To drink, I ordered a berry and peach smoothie.  YUM!  Smoothie $4. A great price, especially for old city.  
They were giving out samples of their frozen yogurt.  I had the strawberry blast.  I'll be back for more of that.  Maybe today after work.  SO GOOD.  
I am so happy I wandered in here.  They also specialize in desserts... maybe I'll need to treat myself.  I expect it'll be delicious!Not only the best froyo in old city, but the best froyo in the entire city.  I've tried them all, and am happy to have the latest addition to the philly market so close to home (though bad news for my waistline).Great coffee,tea,frozen yougurt ,bakery items n sandwiches..owner n counter girl very friendly,nice attitude and hard working ..nice selection.a lot old movie nostalgia..cool music..super clean ..everything very fresh ..many options for waffles..busy so that always a good sign ...highly recommendedThis cute cafe FINALLY opened up in what was a dilapidated, boarded up, prime location for years.  Yay.  I can't complain about another dessert, yogurt, and coffee place opening up within a few blocks of my house.  
I went in a day or two after it opened and ordered a fruit shake/smoothie.  They don't use sweeteners or syrups, which I totally appreciate.  I don't think it was "healthy" by any stretch of the imagination, but it was tasty.  They had some free samples of baked goods there which were good.  It seems they will carry French canneles regularly, which I'm a fan of.  
The man at the counter, who I assume is the owner, was super friendly and welcoming.  The decor was cute and a bit odd.  They had some random framed movie posters and benches that looked like keys from a computer keyboard. 
I'll be back to try more desserts and their "hand mixed" yogurt, whatever that means.I was leaving Sonny's Famous Steaks and stumbled upon Happily Ever After (located next door). I'm a dessert fiend,so I had to satisfy my sweet tooth before coming back to VA. I ordered a slice of Nutella cheesecake. Happily Ever After  cheesecake was tasty. The smooth texture was perfect. Nutella and chocolate is a good combination in my opinion. The dessert shop is small with some seating throughout (cool decor).Its a cool place to socialize with friends. Staff was friendly during checkout. Happily Ever After sells drinks and other desserts as well. I'll be back to explore the menu more. Parking can be a hassle at times (street). Happily Ever After is a good choice for cheesecake in Philly.I only tried the frozen yogurt so far but I like that there weren't a ton of flavors being offered. HEA focused on maybe five flavors and it wasn't overdone like a chain restaurant. Same with the toppings. Scaled down when compared to a chain and you could tell that the fruit was actually fresh and hand cut. The candy toppings were legit (like little Reese's PB cups that actually tasted like they should, as opposed to tasting like stale little lumps of plastic). The place is cute and nicely decorated. Good view and fun to people watch while eating something sweet.Love this atmosphere! All lover of Star Wars need to go. Delicious ice cream & obsessed  w the butter beer. Highly recommend.My husband and I are on our honeymoon touring East Coast ballparks and seeing some sights along the way. We're from Orange County, CA. We were referred here by a local bartender. Great recommendation!!! This place is awesome!
My husband got fro-yo - mixed peanut butter, chocolate, vanilla, and cappuccino. He LOVED it! I ordered the Butterbeer (like from Harry Potter). It's absolutely delicious!!!
It's also super cute. Themed after movies, etc. The fro-yo flavors have clever names, and I'm sitting next to a table that is a Lego Simpsons house. So cool!!! Highly recommend.We had the strawberry waffle and it was great. Not too sweet and just enough to share for two. Kind of fun decor to look at. Someone must be a Star Wars fan.Stopped by for an espresso because everything was closed. The Coffee sucks even through they have a Beautiful machine. Oh yes, they double charged my CCard, so now I have to call the CCard company blah blah blah.  I have to say this again - the coffee really sucks.Awesome little place in Old City. Owner and employees are all super nice, and very good with answering questions. Super cute inside, with allot of good options. The dragon's breath is allot of fun when dining with a group. Will definitely be coming back many times!Love this place and their belgian waffles! I also tried their mango korean shaved ice which was pretty delicious.This is a fun coffee shop which serves sweets like frozen yogurt and has a lot of movie quotes, and even a replica of the Millenium Falcon hanging from the ceiling!  Star Wars is featured prominently, and there are movie quotes all over the walls from many cult classics.
It all adds to the fun ambience.  I only had a coffee, so I can only comment on that, but it was very good, well balanced and the equal of most small, individually-owned coffee shops.  Price was in line with others.  I like this place.  It's fun.I don't know if the ice cream is good or not, we did not get the opportunity to try. 
We were a group of 25 looking for dessert after dinner and the goth like employee was rude and had an attitude with us before we were able to order anything. Needless to say, we took our money elsewhere.I love this place best best best froyo ever. I also had the Nutella Strawberry Belgian waffle which was beautiful but less than I expected in taste, the batter was a little off it tasted eggie instead of like a good ole cakie fluffy waffle. Other than that macarons are very small and overpriced compared to other places. But I love the froyo.Okay, so I'm a sucker for any place that has a sense of humor, and Happily Ever After definitely has that. The new cafe has seating inside, with amusingly shaped stools that look like keyboard tiles, and even has restrooms for customers. The menu is relatively similar to other froyo shops, with slightly expanded to make it more of a cafe (think drinks, and soon baked goods).
But it seems like their primary offering is self serve frozen yogurt (in HILARIOUS names, like Bond's Tartini, and Vanilla Ice's namesake, etc) with a bunch of different toppings, including candies for the kids and lots of different fresh fruit, plus sauces. You can go to town here, and honestly the froyo itself, seemingly regardless of flavor but I didn't try them all, is creamy and pretty thick, and the flavors are great - LOVE the green tea, and seriously NUTELLA froyo?! They should just have a big sign outside advertising that flavor alone and they will be an instant success.
I didn't hear about the rewards program they apparently offer (awesome if true!), but the staffer offered me samples of two of the baked goods that they're going to start offering: a cheesecake bar, which was pretty tasty with a crunchy cookie-like base with a creamy cheesecake layer on top, and a nutella brownie, which was dense, moist, chocolatey but only lightly nutella-flavored. Still quite yummy - they should offer it with the nutella froyo (and I missed the nutella whipped cream, but if that's there then...score!) for a super nutella froyo brownie sundae! They don't have many different flavors of froyo, but enough variety to please most people, and the prices are comparable to every other froyo place around the city. Check them out - especially if the line at Franklin Fountain is too long ;)Had the butterbeer and the macaroons both were very good. Different type of atmosphere but my friends enjoyed their froyo
 Would go backStumbled upon this place as we were leaving Sonny's.  The nitrogen potato chip ice cream is the best ice cream I've ever had! It was so creamy! The kids enjoyed watching them make it. Hubby got the kahlua flavor which was slamming too. The decor at this place was so much fun. The staff is super friendly. We will definitely be making this our new desert spot.Nutella, was the magic word that caught my eye as we walked by this cute little place. Nutella frozen yogurt to be more specific. Honestly how could anyone just keep walking?
Happily Ever After did deliver! We where offered some free samples and and the Nutella was perfect. Tons of toppings if you like. I just had it straight. Yummm.
The place itself is very clean and has a fun decor. People behind the counter where very friendly. All and all, I can't wait to go back.A wide variety of interesting and delicious desserts. Dragon's breath is a very fun dessert, even though it isn't the most flavorful. I enjoy myself every time I go.Amazing waffles! The Acai bowl is delicious. The staff is pleasant and always smiling. The place is always clean. Excellent place to go for some fro-yo, etc.Overall a great place. Cleaning and fun interior. I had a ham egg and cheese croissant which was excellent. I also got half a dozen macaroons and unfortunatly the vanilla ones were hard but the other four were delicious. I'd go back.People, they have nutella froyo.
If that's not enough to convince you to try this place out, then we obviously cannot be friends.  So to my non-friends... other highlights include: organic, made right in the back from scratch, local froyo and other fare, deeeeeelicious hot chocolate, various marshmallow creatures, local art, friendly staff and all around yummyness.this place is so cute and the Belgian waffles are delicious! the frozen yogurt flavors are a little limited but everything else is perfect. the workers are all really friendly and willing to accommodate custom orders.Love this place..great froyo n tons of toppings n  smoothies,waffles, breakfast options n healthy options abound.
Very clean ..super friendly owner & staff . owner a movie buff so plenty of nostalgic stuff & always something to watch on tube ..thanks guys for being my go to spot ..What a delightful find. My wife and I were strolling the area after dinner and wanted something sweet as well as coffee. We walked in and placed an order for a creme brûlée and a cup of coffee. The owner informed me that this desert would need to be for dine in only. We agreed to have a seat really expecting this to be delivered to our table with 2 regular paper cups of coffee. Much to our surprise, what was brought to us was 2 large porcelain mugs of coffee and our creme brûlée on on a decorative platter. It was fantastic and a wonderful way to end our evening.I came here with a friend on the weekend for a desserts outting after seeing the many wonderful yelp reviews online. It definitely lived up to my expectations! Between the tasteful decor of movies and fairy tales and the story-themed soundtrack, Happily Ever After offers a great selection of food and drinks so that a coffee lover, a health nut, and a sweets lover can all enjoy what the shop has to offer. 
I had the acai bowl and my friend had cream cheese froyo. The acai bowl was gorgeous looking and tasted great although a little pricey. I was personally not particularly impressed with their selection of froyo flavors but was happy to see more thematic choices like butter beer and sluffee on the menu. Would definitely recommend this as a perfect hang out place in old city! Will visit again!This is a great froyo shop. They are open late and the atmosphere couldn't be cooler. The staff is fun and willing to cater to your creations. Each thing they have is quite unique and very good.My favorite part about Happily ever after  (besides the Nutella froyo!!) Is that they serve One Village coffee, and NOT La Colombe! It shows that the owner did his research before deciding on coffee. La Colombe being served is an obvious indication of bad (or lazy) taste. Also, the employees are super sweet and the store decor is fun! An old city must.Excelente trato y servicio muy bien decorado siempre tienen una pelicula en la tele en casa de que vayas solo , mi hermano probo el yogurt y estaba muy bueno yo compre un creme brulee con un chocolate muy rico ambos ademas compre dos galletas reeses lo unico que le falta es mas variedad de postres estilo pastelesSick atmosphere, butterbeer was super delicious and so were the smoothies. You have to try their dragons breath! Liquid nitrogen food is awesome.Cool place, smells great, open late, but they advertise "the best" froyo. It is the worst i have had; not terrible but simply lesser. I would go back and try a waffle instead...the BEST frozen yogurt I've ever had. and it's organic and most are fat free??? yea please. also.. NUTELLA fro yo?! YES PLEASE. and they're very nice!A very cute DIY froyo and dessert cafe with a movie theme. Cute little movie touches throughout the cafe, including a shoutout to Totoro (woot woot!!) and a butterbeer drink (homage to Harry Potter). 
The froyo was surprisingly very good- something I wasn't expecting. We had the belgian waffle topped off with nutella froyo and fresh strawberries. The waffle was made fresh; it's a nice touch to smell it cooking in the waffle iron, waiting in anticipation for it. The froyo had bits of nutella running through a creamy milky chocolate base (almost similar to a stracciatella with it's ribbons of chocolate). A completely different version and interpretation chocolate hazelnut froyo compared to other places.As soon as I walked in I knew I had found the cafe for me. Decorated with images from Totoro, Disney, superheroes, and more, and a menu that includes Butterbeer! Very comfortable, fun place to hang out, drink a unique beverage, and eat some frozen yogurt, a panini, or other snack. I will definitely go again the next time I am in Philadelphia.Very cute cafe and the whole place is decorated with movie theme. I definitely recommend nitrogen ice cream especially their Thai tea flavor! I never really enjoyed Thai tea but this was really good! We also got strawberry Nutella waffle (honestly can't go wrong with that)
I will definitely be returning to this cafe!Super cute shop and interesting concept with the dry ice. We shared the puffs in dry ice within our family and had a great time. The dry ice cream was also fun. Wished the staff was more helpful with our order instead of making us feel almost unwelcome in the store. We would've order more if they would've helped us.The ambience was nice and the place was clean with lots of cute decor, but that's about it. The frozen yogurt, which is self-serve, was tasteless (which is pretty hard to do, it being sugary and all) and the macarons were dry and not very appetizing. My friends got the cheesecake and it was very heavy and not "melt in your mouth" like cheesecake is meant to be.Stopped by on Christmas Day!
1. appreciated the fact that they were open!
2. Strawberry and Nutella waffle was amazing
3. Americano was also good!  
Thank you again for being there when the rest of town is a ghost town!I hate froyo - it's usually wildly disappointing and all I can think about when I eat it is that I wish it were ice cream.  But it's not like that here - they have a small selection of specialty flavors and they are delicious.  I love the vanilla, classic tart, mango, pumpkin, and cream cheese.  My boyfriend goes for the strawberry and nutella.  We get random cravings on weeknights and pop in - they are open late so we have a good thing going.
Recently we tried the paninis and they were good.  Got the cuban and the korean bbq - I think the korean bbq one could use some veggies on it - it was all meat and bread and the wasabi on it was a little overwhelming.  The bread on both were tasty and grilled nicely.  Service was a little slow - it kind of seemed like they don't make the paninis that often. I'll let it slide because I got to eat froyo after - cream cheese vanilla twist with coconut flakes, strawberries, bananas, and mochi.  So good.
The other night we were there and saw another couple come in and suggest THEY were Happily Ever After's best customers - I wanted to tell them they were clearly wrong because WE are their best customers.  It's great this place seems to be doing really well.I went during the winter which isn't the ideally time to get a frozen treat but I shouldn't complain since I work at a desert shop as well.
This place is actually really good. Went with my other two friends who've been here before. They told me it's good, so I might as well try the hype which turned out to be really good.
Only thing I did not like was that one of the candy I chose was too hard. I don't think desert places should have hard items to bite.