Food was good and so was service. The only issue we had was that all of our food wasn't brought out at the same time but they did comp us free dessert and apologized about this. Overall, pretty good.Ok place food was good but nothing more than average. If you look to eat something simple you can come here.We came here for a birthday dinner. The burgers were good, 3 stars because of the pricing and menu options. Your best bet is to grab a burger, everything else seemed overpriced. Our service was good and the server was helpful. The Guinness/Jameson bacon cheese burger was very good and we're glad the waiter recommended it. They also have a free birthday ice cream which was a nice surprise, most places don't do that anymore.Atmosphere was very quiet. The food was mediocre and our server was extremely slow. We were one of the two tables in the dining room so it was disappointing how long it took.Very nice. Good food, the service was excellent. A little pricy, but that was expected.Really slow service. I got the Caesar salad and it was just ok and the shrimp were so salty I couldn't eat themWhat a disaster!! 
My first time there in 2005, I thought the place was great. Food was great, staff was great. Well, Apparently things change. Apparently O'bama thinks things change..and we all know how that went. Anyway, Enough of the political disasters. Time for this restaurant disaster. My brother and I went to the HRC after much thought and boy did we pay the price. We started by walking in and promptly being seated. Which..was great. Smiling faces..friendly greetings..the works. THEN, It all goes to the spicehole (cant curse for some reason) :+)..from here. We ordered our food at about 6:30 pm. We waited a total of  1 hour for our food to be brought out. Heres the kicker @ 7:30 pm..They brought the food to the wrong table and after I got up and told the food server that the food was ours he looked at me and ignored me. We knew it was ours because the people looke at the waiter mysteriously and the guy that was eating our food...even said to his wife "hun, I think this is their food".  So, the people were eating our food. At 8:00pm..We were still waiting for our food to be brought out by the waiter and then found out..the waiter never put the order for new food to come to us. WE told the waiter what happened. So, My brother and I decided screw this..were outta here. We offered to pay for our drinks which the waiter declined and stated that the food was coming. We werent buying it..So we left at about 8:06 pm. I know that the place itself deserves better than one star. But deffintely not the service. It was by far the most horrible service I have had in quite sometime. Oh yes, by the way, We ordered mac&cheese with chicken..and a burger with fries. We totaled it up... counting taxes..came to 35.00 (estimate). 15.99 for mine..and 10.99 for his..
Horrible Horrible service.This was an awful experience.  Did not clean up the tables, no service, had to hunt someone down to get an order placed and to top it off appears as though they provided food for a homeless man ( great and I support the kindness but he smelled so bad and set beside us). We are paying patrons.Horrible horrible horrible service.
Cold food.
Extremely long wait for food.
Steak under cooked 
Salmon burnt
Bacon missing from bacon cheese burger
No condiments. 
Watered down long island ice tea.
First and last time ever visiting 
Save your money.Terrible. While in line made a reservation online for an hour later just in case. The host & hostess weren't on the phone or assisting anyone. The line kept growing. We finally got up to the counter and they said stand over here. Then people kept coming in and they would wait and then be seated. Not with reservations either and same table size. 45 minutes later I ask about it and they couldn't have cared less. Terrible service. There were plenty of open tables too that remained empty the entire time. If we weren't so hungry I would've demanded a manager.... instead we had some decent sandwiches instead of the over priced frozen stuff we would've had there anyway. I am a great tipper and as hungry as we were I already had appetizers and was planning on the ribeye, a $35 plate. Their loss.Great atmosphere, if you like rock music i guess. It is kind of expensive but the i got made it worth it. I got rock chop, i think that is what it was called, it was pork chop with some really good sauce. the mash potatoes were good too.I generally don't pick chains to eat at, especially when traveling, but we had just arrived at the Philly Marriott and this was the first thing I saw (and I was hungry!). The restaurant is fun and funky, with the typical music memorabilia of a Hard Rock, as well as flat screen TVs all around. The food was fine, but nothing of special note! There's a pretty big menu with a lot of options. I had the chicken chopped salad, which was good but too much dressing for my taste. Service was friendly, though our server disappeared periodically and it took a while to get the check.I came here with a group of 4 for an impromptu dinner on a Wednesday night after a long day at the Convention Center. The restaurant was just getting busy & we had a 15 minute wait.
We were seated in the main area by the "main stage." There was a woman singing & hawking CDs up there, but judging by the faces of the diners around our table, I can assume that no one purchased her album. The speakers were so loud that we had to yell to each other & yell our orders to the server ...
... which is probably why our server kept forgetting our drink orders. His excuse for a beer taking 20 minutes? "I looked over at the bar, and I didn't see your drink there, so I assumed someone took it to your table already." A quick glance at our table would've solved that puzzle, sir. And when he brought the beer, I ordered a glass of wine ... which didn't come until I was halfway done with my entree. Asking if I wanted dessert & coffee when I still had half a glass of wine left? Awkward.
The food was good, which is Hard Rock's only saving grace. The service was slow & lazy, & the ambiance is just irritating. The proximity to the Convention Center would make you think that Hard Rock was all business ... but they were less than professional when we were there. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd recommend taking the time to find a local restaurant instead.We had an excellent time there yesterday and this afternoon at the bar with the young ladies there. Then a guy started tended and all he could do was run his hands thru his hair and touch the fruit and the glasses. That was it.I am not a fan of Hard Rock Cafe food or drinks, I mean, I really have to bribe the bartenders to put alcohol in my drinks.  I noticed that this is a universal phenomena, from LA to Brazil, to Mexico.  
However, I do like the rock and roll memorabilia, not The artist formerly known as Prince who now calls himself Prince again sheer shirt, but other items, like the Jimi Hendrix guitar on display, and I am also a fan of their shot glasses, particularly the ones that are a deviation from their normal Save the Planet logo. 
With all that being said, our waiter really freaked me out.  Why?  Because he reminded me of a serial killer in training.  The food as weird as a goop that it was, went down well because I hadn't eaten all day  and I had been on the road since 3 AM.I will NOT RECOMMEND IT. This is the perfect place if you want your food to be nasty and soggy. The service SUCKSSSSS and after 1 hour of being here, we only got our drjnks and we are still waiting for our food . DONT GO HERE. But the food was goodNot bad at all decent vegetarian options the  cauliflower burger was bomb!!! Loved it!! My meat eaters had the bacon cheese burgers also bomb!! Our waiter Stewart was the bomb!! On short notice this place was a win!!What a disappointment!  Went here for lunch on a Thursday.  Server (Christopher) was completely unattentive.  Food took 27 minutes to come out...and we just got burgers.  Asked to pay as soon as the food came out since we were on a limited timeframe.  Took forever to get rung up.  Skip this place and go somewhere else.Food was sub par, the fajitas had like 4 big chunks of steak on a bed of raw vegies.  Drinks were fine. I would  suggest local fare over this food for sure.We are Still waiting for food. 16 people and they "decided to serve 8 first because the kitchen was backed up". So an hour later we are STILL sitting her the other 8 of us with no food while the people have for the food and already eaten are done. At this point I want to go and not even eat. 
Then I get my medium rare burger and it's cold inside! Not cooked enough and freezing  cold inside ! My daughter ordered chicken fingers and friend got no fries at all! Then now is sick at home from the spicy chicken fingers! She said they tasted funny and they did, like fish. 
If you can't properly serve a party of 16 don't seat us. 
Hungry and pissed offMy steak was hard. I had to fight the steak just to eat it.. I have been to plenty of restaurants in the city and this place has the worst steak.. oh and by the way  no I didn't get it well done if that's what your thinking.Rock and Roll Attitude, but I could use a few napkins.....
Went to Hard Rock for the first time in awhile. It was late, the music was cranking and I had a real rock and roll guy for a waiter. I could tell he was probably playing a flaming guitar right before walking out to me. My first thought was "Hell Yea", lets do this......
Then the fun started. It only took me a minute to get back to high school in my head and remember you know what rock and roll guy thinks about all day - himself and rock and roll. 
I was dying of thirst and needed a cold beer but rock and roll guy skated by a few times before one showed up.
That beer was quickly empty and waited for rock and roll guy to notice, but he only turned and walked the other way. But i am your only customer I would wail...
I dug into my fajitas with one single napkin and prayed rock and roll guy would see the juices dripping down my forearms and grab me some napkins, but he only turned and walked the other way.
Again my beer was empty and I was sure we now had a connection - rock and roll guy probably already noticed and ordered me another..... alas you know the rest of the song.
You know what my rock and roll fantasy is, an attentive waiter who thinks of stuff i need before i need it.
Place was ok, music was way too loud (you remember rock and roll guy, right?) and the food was decent. You know what you get at Hard Rock.As someone who was fleeing from the Philadelphia Flower Show, I guess I get what I deserve by having a drink at the Hard Rock Cafe.
This is not to say that our bartender didn't do a great job -- she did.  Drinks were expertly made and quickly delivered.  its the atmosphere in which the drinks were consumed was the problem.
I thought New York's Hard Rock Cafe was cheesy, but this one takes the Velveeta.  Why do they make poor tourists wait when there are empty tables?  Why is the bar area only slightly bigger than a postage stamp?  Why do the appetizers come out burnt? Why do I even care?
I think next time I need to flee the Flower Show, I should run a few more blocks further.I got the texan and it was dry and tasteless. My whole table had a bad experience. Big price tag with a little taste. The fries were amazing but that was it. Service was mediocre.i have not stepped in a hard rock cafe for 10 yrs because the food s*****.    but now they have a new menu and the quality was as good as any other chain.   rodney was an excellent waiter
   he stopped by often and talked to our group as we were visitors to philly.   great guy.   good food.   chopped salad and texas pulled pork were good.OK so it';s been a while since I rock and rolled so I took myself over to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN PHILLY. HARD ROCK YOU SAY???? There was absolutely no vibe of HARD ROCK whatsoever! The music was pop, bubblegum if you will. The drinks were horribly watered down. 
I went to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN NYC and HAD  a fabulous time. The music and the people were true to it's name, HARD ROCK CAFE  the complete opposite of my experience in Philadelphia. On an add'l note I had asked the bartender about the music being changed over to ROCK AND ROLL which she then proceeded to tell me that the music a mixed playlist. Seriously? NO ROCK AND ROLL AT THE HARD ROCK CAFE???????????? You lost me it's back to the BIG APPLE FOR ME!Where do I begin? I ordered the Cobb salad. However it tasted like an odd salad. The lettuce was wilted within a few minutes of eating. The chicken tasted like rubber and it took forever in a day to get the check. I just wanted out of my misery. Tip: If in Philly and near Market East travel away from 12th and Market. Not happy and neither is my stomach!Pretty crappy experience in this over priced tourist trap.  Went there for lunch before the end of the year.  Would have never entertained the notion of going to an HRC in the city I live in but had to use an expiring gift certificate.  Got the appetizer sampler for the table which is the best thing they offer and the fish and chips.  All was going well except that when it came to pay we were charged for a virgin drink.  It's understandable that my beer plus souvenir glass was not covered under the gift cert, but that waiter thought it was the biggest order to ask the manager to get the non-alcoholic drink taken off our bill.  Problems were compounded when trying get parking validated.  Apparently the voucher HRC gave us was only good on the weekend. So for less than two hours of parking it was $18 which is absurd and the whole ordeal for Lunch with a gift cert still was more expensive than choosing a far better restaurant in the city.My friend a $25 coupon that expired on Sunday so we figured we'd head to Hard Rock before heading over to Field House to watch the Eagles game. 
Our experience matched our spend. Our server seemed straight out of a movie that mocks bad servers. He was flaky, fake and over us once he realized we were using a $25 coupon for an appetizer platter. The place wasn't too busy so it's not like we were taking up a valuable table. Maybe he thought we wouldn't tip on the pre-discounted price? Which of course we tipped on the full bill. He seemed angry when I asked for a straw with my beverage and extra napkins for our greasy food. He initially told us he'd be right back with napkins when he dropped off the food so I don't know why he was pissed when I asked for more napkins.  
So as I mentioned, we ordered the jumbo appetizer combo for our group of 4 plus a side salad and order of fries. We also each had an alcoholic beverage. Knowing I'd be moving on to beer, I went with a margarita. The margarita itself was fine, expect the salt from the rim had fallen into the drink. It was way too salty but I didn't want to bother our server and send it back. The appetizer combo had your basics: onion rings, chicken wings, potato skins, Mexican spring rolls and chicken tenders. Nothing was bad but nothing was good. 
It was also a bit odd that our server insisted we speak to the manager before we could settle up. He said that the manager likes to speak to everyone who uses this coupon. We had no problem speaking to the manager, except it took her about 10 minutes to come over. At that point, the game was on and we wanted to move to a bar with sound. Thankfully they were playing the game on all of the TVs, just on mute. When the manager finally came over she just asked us how our meal was, thanked us for coming and gave us a little coupon to come back. Seriously? We had to wait on our check for that conversation? 
Beggars can't be choosers, but I know I won't be choosing to go back.Just went in for a couple of drinks, to look around and shop.  Can't really mess that up - drinks were fun, atmosphere great and the staff picked out some perfect pins.  Always a fun time - of course the highlight of the evening was watching a drunk women get cut off at the bar, swear and the staff and get escorted out!  HA!We have heard all the excitement about this place so we thought we should try it.  We were seated immediately at the table closet to the hostess station.  Our server appears and is like yep you are here.  I said this is our first time here.  No welcome or help.  We order drinks and our food. Not very attentive and very dismissive.  Food was okay not really worth the price.  We will not be going back that is for sure.3pm on a Sunday there was no one there.. You would think smooth sailing. No. Our waitress was absent. The mixed drink i ordered off their drink menu was so strong it was unable to be consumed, but no one would know because the waitress was no place to be found.  In 45 min a party of 3 sat with 1 undrinkable drink, a water and 1 beer, finished.  Ordered our burgers medium and they came out bleeding.  My husband ate his anyway, but there was blood all over the plate.  I started to eat mine as well, but it wasn't even warm in the center... that means it's raw. Once she came back i told her about the drink and the burgers.  Her demeanor suddenly changed, she took it personally, she copped an attitude and suddenly I was the bad guy.  She offered another burger, but I said i had already waited too long for her to come back.  I didn't want a replacement, everyone else was finished.  I said i would eat what i had (fries/mushrooms/lettuce/tomato), but i wanted the kitchen to know.  She insisted I give her the burger so she could take it off my bill.  So, i got no meal and an undrinkable drink.  She said she needed the plate to show her manager, who NEVER came to the table to apologize.  That says everything.  Just a side note, this hard rock doesn't even have much memorabilia compared to other Hard rocks i have been to.  Mostly framed photos that you can see anywhere (not even autographed or special)By far the best restaurant in center city. nice view, good food, and its up on the top floor. i love the burgers. and i love the good lemonade! the no fuss eating policy is great too. revolving restaurant! i'll be back!got just the nachos.. the chips tasted stale not worth it at all. Cool atmosphere but food not so good. Don't waste your timeMy experience at the Hard Rock Cafe in Philadelphia was excellent. I've dined at many Hard Rock locations, but, the level of service I received at this particular Hard Rock Cafe was fantastic. The staff were down-to-earth, incredibly helpful, and the food was very good. I was most impressed by the Cobb Salad and how fresh all of the ingredients were. The avocado was so green, and normally when you order an item off the menu and it shows a picture of the meal it never lives up to the presentation, but, my food in every way looked and tasted even better than the image presented.
My expectations were definitely exceeded. I travel a lot for work, and I'm always looking for outstanding places to dine and I always find myself at the Hard Rock because of it's quality and wonderful staff. Although it isn't always affordable for me to eat at these locations as frequently as I'd like I just wanted to commend everyone's efforts in providing the great service that I wish was carried throughout more restaurants. Truly quality.As a lover of music, what I like about the Hard Rock Cafés, whether it be faux or not, is the rock n' roll memorabilia that line the walls within any HR is an experience in itself.
Philly is no different. Sure I've been at this HR location several times & yes, the service is hit & miss but mostly miss. More often than not, I'll surpass the dining experience & mosey up to the bar for a couple cocktails. 
If & when I do decide to dine, I hit up the burger side of the menu. Really hard to eff up a burger...but some how its always just barely above average. Aren't ALL HRs like this? I've never been "wow'd" by anything in a Hard Rock menu.
I've been to a lot of them & they're all pretty much the same...if you've never experienced a Hard Rock, try it. Some people hate it, some love it. Find out which side of the fence you reside on. 
3.5 stars for HR Philly.
Eat, drink & be merry. deez® out!Made a reservation on open table and requested a table w a view of the stage. Called in advance on the day of the reservation and was assured our table had a great view of the stage. Arrived w a party of seven after a 45 min drive, paid a freaking $10 cover charge for each person, and then was told all seats w stage view r first come first serve. The crap food aside, who runs a business like this? The abysmal rating here is well deserved. If I could I would leave zero stars. Never again.I love Hard Rock cafes.....but their food always makes me sick. Our waitress Liz made the it with while though.If my experience had continued how it started, they'd be getting a 1 star, but they actually got themselves together and made my dining experience decent.
My group of four was here on a Saturday night at 6, and it was NOT crowded. That being said, we got sat immediately, next to a large column with no view. That was disappointing, but after we ere sat so quickly, we waited and waited for someone to greet us. My group had picked out our orders and everything when after about 8 minutes I went up to the giggling female hostesses and demanded a waiter, since tables sat after us had their waiters and drinks already. We finally got a waitress after another minute and a half of figuring who could take our table.
After that, our meal came out extremely fast. Our waitress checked in on us once, which was fine, but we needed her to come back to fill up all of our drinks. 
Overall, would not go back; would rather dine in a local establishment next time rather than this chain.Despite all of the negative reviews, we had a great experience here.  Wait staff efficient, food hot and tasty.  No complaints. :-)Had the ribs and fajitas. Both prepared well and tasty. Lots to eat. Also had the taste of Mexico ( flight of 3 margarita's (1/2 portion) and cups and salsa. Very good. Server was fairly good as well. Over all ...meh. Had worse had better. Nothing real special about the place.Sunday - June 2, 2013 - 4:55PM
The receptionist stated that I could sit anywhere.  When dining alone, I choose the bar.  This time I chose an area that is a cross between a shelf and a truncated table that sets between the dining room and bar. 
I waited until 5:02 (7 minutes) and no one, repeat, no one greeted me.  I spent two minutes writing this uncomplimentary TIP on Yelp!  
Exacerbating the experience was the realization that two patrons seated at the bar were enjoying libations AFTER my arrival. 
.....FIRST AND LAST VISIT AT THE HARD ROCK!!Came here for a Beat Tells event for the Leukemia and Lymphoma society. The band was very good, and I had no issue with them.
However, the service is awful at the hard rock. The drink turn around was pathetic considering how empty the place was. There was times people in my party would order beers from the bar and they would be halfway done by the time the waitress actually came around again.
Your drinks come in plastic cups. Plastic mini hard rock cups. Really? I paid 10+ bucks for a cocktail I would like it in a real glass. This is not a Phillies or Eagles game. I would also like to have prices on the drink menu. Great they put the calories on the menu, but the college student me cares more about the price than my waistline.  
Glad I came to event because it supported a wonderful cause, but I wish I wasn't at the hard rock.I like the mojo of the place, it's cool to see something with a theme and they completely embrace it. The service was fine, neither had nor great, and the food took slightly long to come. I got the Grilled Chicken sandwich with honey mustard and it was fine, their fries are AMAZING.  I liked their menu because in the back they had all the nutritional facts of each ingredient and calorie intakes of each meal with them. The calories were huge, seemed weirdly large, but I think they are the only restaurant telling the actual truth. Our calorie intake is always more than we think, so I appreciated it. All in all, a fine dinner.I've eaten at Hard Rock Philly maybe about twice over the past 9 years I've lived in Pennsylvania and from what I can remember, the experiences were both pretty good.  The last time I ate there was in October 2005, right before my meet and greet with Hanson and then seeing them in concert at the Trocadero (see my review of the Trocadero).  The grilled salmon (with a side of penne pasta) was rockin'.  For dessert, I ordered this monstrous brownie sundae (I was unaware of how big it was and discovered that the brownie was buried under baseball-sized heaps of ice cream!) that when the waitress brought it to the table, she called it "the brownie of doom."  On that note, the waitress was really cool and I had happened to mention to her that I was going to meet Hanson shortly after I left the restaurant--she didn't tease me for being a Hanson fan; she just thought it was cool that they were willing to do meet and greets at all, being that her favorite band was Nine Inch Nails.  She said that she was going to see them in concert and that she didn't think Trent Reznor would ever in a million years do a meet and greet.  
The location is very convenient for me; just a hop on the train and get off at Market East, and I'm there!Tonight I had an absolutely terrible experience while dining at the Hard Rock Cafe in Philly. First of all my waitress was literally the most miserable individual I have ever seen. I do not mean that in a cruel way. I understand people have off days but all she kept saying was how much she hated her job she hates dealing with people the list could go on and on. Long story short, my fiancé and I ordered 2 drinks. 25 minutes later the drinks arrived and we ordered our meals. One hour later the completely wrong meal came out and the waitress proceeded to argue and say this is what we ordered. I explained that this was wrong and she brings out the "correct meals" (30 minutes later) which looked horrendous. Overall very rude staff, very sloppy and the entire restaurant was just saying how unprofessional the entire restaurant is. Do not waste your time or money.As I was walking around, the staff and the assistant manager were great with interacting with me and helping me find memorabilia. The assistant manager told me some of the history of the location and the way they restaurant was set-up. While they initially got my wife's order wrong, they went above and beyond to correct it.  As someone who has visited about five dozen Hard Rock Cafés all over North America and internationally, this was some of the best service we have ever received!  Would definitely come back and highly recommend!!!Had lunch there after a long day of traveling. I ordered the twisted mac and chees with chicken, it was very good. The strawberry cheesecake was AMAZING!. My server Brandon was an absolute gem. Very informative even opened the "Philly" room for me so I could look around. I completely  enjoyed my  experience.I'm in town to see the opening of Hard Rock in Atlantic City tomorrow and I wanted to stop in to the Philadelphia café because of the great experience I had the last time and I'm becoming a Hard Rock geek anyway! 
We were in for dinner tonight and we noticed that your manager, Tom Morales, was in and he recognized us and went out of his way to come over and say hi to us as well as our children. He's always good with the kids! 
He came by to see how our dinner was and my husband told him everything was okay (he didn't really mean it), I assume Tom knew by his face and our plates that something was wrong and finally my husband told him that the burgers were undercooked and inedible for us. 
Not only did he apologize but he took the burgers with him and within 10 minutes we had new burgers, cooked correctly. 
He noticed our kids were done with their meals when he took the burgers back and asked them what type of ice cream they like and he brought them each a scoop of ice cream. Now my husband and I weren't the only ones eating! 
Once again Tom went out of his way to make sure we had an amazing dining experience. He is not just a great manager but a great person. We're very excited about AC opening and I hope they have a great manager like Tom. I know that may sound silly but I know the hospitality business and good, caring managers are hard to come by. Without him here tonight, I would have rated our visit 2 stars and definitely not 5.Came in from Philly heat to get cool.  We handsome cold beers and grilled wings. All was good.  Brandon was a great bartender.The most AMAZING salad here!!! Chicken Choped Salad is to die for! Sat at the bar, service was quick and friendly. Didn't get to stay for the love music but I would like to go back the next time I'm in town for the music portionArrived around 8pm on a Sunday night. It wasn't packed, but they were not busy. Our waiter was Scott. Scott is a total jerk. He was rude. He didn't get our orders correct. He was unprofessional.
To top that off the food was mediocre.
Not even worth a full review here. Never going back.I went to this hard Rock café quite a bit when it first opened and on and off for a few years. When I move back to Philadelphia in 2007 until now I've been there a few times the atmosphere is changed and the food is pretty much take it or leave itExtremely salty wings. Very limited choice of beers. Won't be going back there. Ever.Stopped in for a quick drink...not breaking my rule, since there is no longer a Hard Rock in Sacramento!  This banana berry colada is good; only went in because it was raining and it was close.  Meh...This is the 4 hard rock I've been to and this one is highly disappointing.
My boyfriend, roommate and I came here for my birthday. It was rather small compared to any of the other ones I've been to. I had the wild berry smoothie which was great, our friend had the hippie punch and it was great. To die for. 
We ordered the nachos for an appetizer and my boyfriend had a Caesar salad. The salad was great. I wished they had more croutons, but no complaints besides that. The nachos themselves were bland, didn't come with much on them, but those that had toppings were delicious. 
Our entrees were such a let down. I had the salmon, it tasted like it came out of the freezer. The mashed potatoes were great, I ordered onion rings with it and they were soaked in grease. Literally soggy. My boyfriend asked for a burger cooked medium, it came out like a hockey puck. It had Swiss and mushrooms which wasn't bad. Just overcooked. Our friend had the fiesta burger and hers was undercooked, but other than that she loved it. 
The waitress was great and the overall atmosphere is lively and friendly. I wish the food was better because this place would be perfect.Food was not what I've had in the past and the service was definitely lacking. Kinda disappointing from times in the past I've been here.I've decided that Hard Rock is a TGI Fridays or Applebees with much more expensive decor.
That being said, is it worth it to come here? I suppose if you're a pop or rock music paraphernalia addict and like your food to be only middlin' to okay, depending on the dish - burger was probably the best-done meal here (pasta was not firm and the salad was bitterly strange). A decent place to grab a drink, though.  Steer clear otherwise.well...you're not going for the food are you.  free wifi makes up for the uninspired menu.Not thrilled with the menu. Over priced, small selection. Not my favorite chain.Worst place to go to for breakfast. We were there for our senior breakfast and the price for it was overrated. I am not going back there. Scramble eggs were mushed together, the potatoes were pretty good, and they gave us foam cups? What happened to glass cups? I only ate a small portion, which is not worth my money.... I went because my friends were there... Even ihop is a lot better.Yeah . . . Sent back undercooked fish . . . Very poor service. Won't be back here, but others might care.okay food, and stylish environmentWalked in and was immediately greeted by a young woman who not only looked miserable at her job, evident by her scowl and playing on her phone, along with resting her head on her hand. She asked us a question, but being a loud place and her posture, we could make it out. So we walked closer and asked her to repeat. What she repeated made no sense and was spoken so fast, we had to ask a 3rd time (granted we are American, so not a language barrier). She then got an attitude, turned to the girl behind her, handed her 2 menus, rolled her eyes, and mumbled something. On top of this, our waiter acted like he was overdosing in valiums, with no personality at all. Food was ok. Service was horrible. Will not be back.I bought tickets to a Rocky Horror themed drag queen show for my newlywed husband and I to go to as he is a HUGE fan of both Rocky Horror and drag so it seemed rather fitting. We got to the venue right at 8:30 which is when our tickets said doors opened. I was expecting it to be in a more private room of some sort, but it was in the main dining area and it was already PACKED, hard to believe it was only people there for the show as again, we got there early. We grabbed the last table which was in the very back, farthest point from the stage and behind a huge pillar, had a fairly obstructed view but we took it and figured we could shuffle our seats around to see the stage when the show began.
It's now 9 o'clock, we've been sitting for half an hour STARVING, no show started, waiting to even see a waiter. No one is on the floor. We finally see a manager and just ask if we can get some attention as all the tables surrounding us too are complaining. Ten minutes later there is a waiter, who greets every table except for ours. Like, blatantly ignored us after flagging him down several times. I know it's busy and it's a Saturday night and I was note than willing to wait, but some acknowledgment of some sort, even just some fucking water would've been nice. Nothing.
It's now 9:50. No waiter. They're now allowing everyone who showed up late to stand right in front of our table for the show. The only window of unobstructed view I had of the stage is now blocked by stragglers. It's now been near an hour and a half of no service. I only saw two waiters on the floor in that time anyways.
As the show is now going to start in ten minutes and we're starving and wouldn't be able to see it, we decide we should just leave. We just wanted a refund for our tickets and to speak about the service.
The floor manager (didn't catch his first name, last name Morales) is an absolute coward and does not know in the slightest how customer service works nor how to run a business. He seemed incredibly flustered and unsure how to handle anything, denied us a refund. Whatever. That's fine. I'll never be back again nor recommend to anyone. They host a lot of these events, always on a Saturday and yet...no staffing. It's ridiculous.Not a big fan of this place at all. Food was okay, but nothing to die for. I had the famous fajitas trip combo and had no idea why they are called famous. The service was horrible seeing as how it took about 10 minutes just to receive a cup of water. Finally, the bathrooms were located on the lower level. It was pretty creepy and definitely not a safe place. The first and last hard rock i will ever go to.Food was ok but man did it take a long time for just getting 3 kids meals and an appetizer platter. It had to have been 30 minutes at least and they weren't even that busy. I should have known when you go in on a Saturday night at 9 and it's only half full. Oh well better luck next time....oh wait there won't be a next time sorryNormal downtown Philadelphia, slow service. 30 minutes to get cheese cake, I guess they had to make it...Worth a visit. 
The food is tasty and also suitable for the whole family. 
We celebrated there a birthday with all the family with kids and everybody was pleased. 
There service is also quick and there is a good atmosphere.We usually come here every year before the flower show since it is right at the train stop. We always get seated right away are servers are always great people. I do like the scenery in the restaurant. I think the food is pretty average to me. I do love watching the music videos that they play since I was such a MTV head when they actually played videos. I think this place is touristy when you go to other cities. I enjoy my service there.The only thing I really liked about this place was the ambience. The items were too expensive and they don't even mention the price on their menu. I wouldn't mind that if the food was exceptionally good. But in my opinion it was quite the opposite. I did not like the wings. They smeared too much of the spicy sauce on it. The shrimp platter was not to good either. The steak was not bad but not great. The mojito could've contained more alcohol. All in all I would not recommend this place.Both stars are for the conversation pieces coating the walls and for their TV station that was a blast to the past from when MTV played actual music videos. Everything else was rubbish.
First of all, it took us three tries to even get into the place. The first two times were on Friday or Saturday nights and they were closed for private events. We walk by here fairly regularly, and I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before, so when they finally let us in we decided to give it a whirl. 
We sat at the bar drinking overpriced beer while waiting for our table. Service was agonizingly slow, punctuated by our being so hungry. I had grilled veggies and cheese on a ciabatta roll, and I made the boyfriend order sliders because I wanted one. My sandwich was decent, but the sliders were seriously the smallest I'd ever seen. I didn't know they even made burger buns smaller than silver dollars. And they were gross too.
I'm just happy to have gotten the Hard Rock experience out of the way so I never have to do it again.Middle of the road.
I just hosted an event for work here, and the servers were hanging in there even though there was a sudden huge crowd that seemed to be moving around and mostly not staying in one place. So, service...pretty great and on point from what I could see.
Food: I only managed to scarf down the veggie burger. It was delicious and the put fresh zucchini and squash and salsa on it, which I thought was fantastic. Unfortunately, the bun gets to soggy it sort of starts to slide off and you dont have much to hold on to half way through. I tried some of my friends mac & cheese which had some red pepper in it and that was too die for, though (i'm a fiend for mac & cheese) and had a little spicy kick to it. Pretty good fries. But yes, expensive food. And most of the stuff here will run you a pretty penny. and will be almost half or all of your daily caloric intake (the calorie count on the menu made my heart skip a beat...and not in that romantic way...more in that "i'm about to have an actual heart attack" sort of way cause there's so much sodium and calories in their food.
Atmosphere: LOVE IT. this is what the place has going best for it. I'm a nerd for rock n roll and music history in general. There's drum sets played by Ginger Baker, clothing worn by John Lennon and Elton John, Jimmy Page's guitar, Stevie Nicks' boots, old concert photos, and more. I sometimes find it strange that something like rock n roll is smashed into a corporate chain restaurant but i guess there is always something two sided about the music industry, too.
This place is middle of the road. I doubt I would come here often (only because its PHILADELPHIA, and you can get so much delicious local food at other places within walking distance, you'd have to be a tourist to really CHOOSE to go here). But hey, I won't rule it out. I had a pretty good experience. Only took away stars for the price and the fact that most of this stuff is not good for your waistline/health.My son had never been to a HRC so I took the opportunity to take him here.  We both enjoyed our late night dinner.  Lots of good options to choose from.  We had a great time and have even visited another HRC since our trip here.Stopped in here for a bite to eat with my daughter while we were in town.  We didn't want anything too heavy so we just ordered a couple of appetizers.  The bruschetta was fabulous - with the addition of herbed cream cheese, it was a little different than typical bruschetta.  The spinach and artichoke dip was really good too, although not really any better or worse than it is elsewhere.  We loved the parmesan flatbread that came with it.  Our waitress was nice enough and service was quick.  All in all - a win.I believe most people (old farts, Gen-xrs or whatever your "group" is) come to the Hard Rock to see the stuff, not eat the food. We happened to get there just as they opened for lunch on a spring Sunday.  We had a great server, LIZ who took our drink orders, and then made sure we a great time. (Well we may have had too good of a time from the looks we were getting from the other diners who were slowly trickling in). I did get the chopped smoked chicken salad which was large and tasty. 
One of the things me and the SO do as we travel is hit the Hard Rocks. I am a pin collector and the SO collects Zippo lighters. At just about every one, we have a great experience talking to the servers.  Yes the drinks are expensive and the food is so-so (most not healthy and expensive) but that is not the reason we are here.Ordered a soda, chicken fingers and a side order of fries, it came out to 26 dollars BEFORE TIP. I have no idea why they would think a price like that would be okay for subpar food, but definitely will not be going back based on price alone. Servers were nice and attentive, and bathrooms were super clean which is where the 2 stars go!I don't often rule out going back to a restaurant, but this time, I have to make an exception. My co-workers and I chose Hard Rock because it was close to the hotel and we figured it's a pretty no fuss kind of dinner place. I don't think I'll be back.
First, Hard Rock apparently puts calories on their menu now. For everything. Including drinks! And it does not help, as most of their meals are close to 2,000 calories. Even the salads!
I got the California burger with a Caesar side salad. First - just FYI - they put bacon in the Caesar salad. I was not a fan. And the burger - large - but otherwise pretty much nothing special.
My advice: there are too many other restaurants around this area for me to want to try this again.
Service: So slow! We didn't even do anything fancy with drinks or appetizers or even pre-dinner salads and it took forever to get our food. And they were slow about refilling drinks. And then it took forever to get our check. Otherwise friendly though.
Environment: It's Hard Rock Cafe. Loud, a little obnoxious. Although it's a good amount of space so at least you don't feel cramped.Needed a late night place to grab a drink and wait for the train. We walked in to heavy metal music and a basically empty restaurant. Bar was pretty full, assuming people were awaiting their trains.  We ordered our drinks from really happy bartenders and served immediately. Be warned: if you don't have your ID with you, you're not going to be drinking!  Beer selection is pretty good. I had a Sierra Nevada pale ale and my girlfriends got tropical drinks (we went to Cuba Libre prior and They kept the trend going). They reported their drinks to be pretty good. Got our check for about 30 bucks and left to get our train. All we had to do was walk through the restaurant and we were in Jefferson station (the old market east). This really made for a convenient place to go instead of waiting in the station which can be a bit sketchy/straight up weird at those hours.  I gave it three stars only because of the weird ID thing, the fact that they weren't crowded and also because in comparison to all other bars and restaurants in the city I just couldn't.This was my first choice for a restaurant in Philly.  But the majority voted and decided and so we all went. 
One look at the menu options and I wanted to get up and leave. I'm not one to place that much sodium and calories knowingly into my body from just one meal!  Its crazy they place so much sodium in a plain burger order!
Given a choice I would not be entering into a Hard Rock Cafe in the future.