If you're a vegetarian and like sushi, you most likely eat the same boring rolls time and time again.  Not at Haru.  Order the vegetarian sushi platter and you'll be thrilled.  I'm not sure what my favorite piece is...but none of them taste like pickled anything...pickling of veggies is disgusting and there's not a bad piece in this bunch.
This is my favorite place to get sushi in Philly.  Yeah yeah yeah it's a chain.  What sucks about chains is mediocrity and I don't think there's ever been a so-so meal at Haru.  
I started eating fish a few years ago and thus a whole new world of sushi opened for me.  I love their creative rolls but time and time again, I'll go for the Hime dinner combo.  It simply doesn't disappoint.  I've tried most of their appetizers, most of their pieces...never met an item I didn't like.  
Even their green salad is good...and thoughtful.  Far better than just iceberg lettuce on a plate with a dallop of ginger on the top.   A friend and I usually split a salad as a healthy intro to the meal.  Yum.
The servers have come and gone over the years but the ones that remain are the really friendly, attentive ones.  
It's gotten more crowded recently, which is nice to see because I feared because it's so empty, it would close.  But alas, it's now more possible than ever for my dude friend to get the seat right by the stairs to have a "lovely view" of the attractive female patrons as they go to the bathroom up the stairs (be warned, ladies!).  
The seats are very comfy....the restaurant is in a great space...and the bartenders on the first floor are wonderful.  It's always easy to get a table on a Friday or Saturday which is so rare around these parts.  
The only two negatives are the fact that they, as someone else mentioned, have an electrical button cocktail that I LOVE and never have electric buttons.  In fact, they run a special.  I specifically asked last time if they had it...they said yes and brought me no button.  They gave me a free drink but STILL!
The upstairs bartender I had on my birthday there (inviting people to sample these lovely electric buttons they did NOT have) was atrocious.  I brought about 15 people to the place who had never been and I can't say any of them would venture back given the fact that he was more interested in socializing that serving us...and considering we were the only ones at the bar besides his co-worker behind the bar and we were drinking a lot, that was a crappy move on his part.  
Anyway, I'll go back time and time again...and say poo-poo to all the poor reviews.I'm sad it closed but I still like to leave a review.  It was the first Japanese place I tried upon moving to Philly (in my neighborhood).  I had lunch bento and it was lovely!  I especially loved love the shrimp tempura.  That was a special touch, I never had that before so it left an impression.
The building is great and I wish I could turn it into something fun.  Such a nice location to lay bare like that.  Here's to the other Haru locations!I wouldn't normally recommend a chain but I've been to both the NYC Broadway and Philly locations and loved them both.  I like the decor, the staff is almost always attentive and the mixed drinks are inventive.
The "Mad Crab" is my favorite app to order although it is a bit on the spicy side.  The miso soup is totally YUM!  And I highly recommend the specialty "Ling Roll" at the Philly location.  It is King crab, avocado and torched salmon topped with eel sauce, masago mayo, scallions and tobiko.  I wish they had it in NYC !  It's one of the best pieces of combo sushi I've ever had.Went back again.  Was less impressed this time.  The sushi was about the same (average roll, nothing special, large portion for $7.25).  The duck appetizer was once again good.  
The tuna entree was a TON of pretty fresh, wok seared tuna.  The walnut sauce it came in was totally bland and did nothing for the tuna.  I essentially had just a plate of tuna.  I should have asked for some more wasabi and some ginger.  The steak dish was overcooked (well beyond medium) and not nearly as good as the first time.  
This is more of a 2.5 and the first trip was more of a 3.5.  A 3 sounds just about right...
Expect to pay $90 for two.I had went to Haru with a group of 9 friends, I've been there before and thought it was excellent so as we were looking for good sushi and good food, I was surprised at how poorly they cared to cater to my group. We ordered over 15 rolls and some salads and appetizers and entrees.  The rolls came out looking like they were just thrown together, when we attempted to pick the rolls up with our chopsticks they fell apart and all the fillings of the sushi was either on the plate or table. 
Our entrees were either over cooked or burnt, we ordered drinks from the server and never got them, when we asked she told us she forgot to put them in but when the bill came they were on the bill. 
Service was horrible, food was not good. We will not be returning to Haru again. 
For the price we paid for the food you would expect better. 
The only good thing that we ordered was their duck salad, everything else was poorly made or burnt.Just like the Haru mini-chain in NYC.  Over-priced and over-hyped.  Nice maki and fresh fish with a good selection - but NOT a Holy Grail by any means.
The ceviche appetizer, King Crab dumplings and Yellowtail hand rolls are always tasty.
Still, I love Shiroi Hana best for its un-pretentious feel and super-fresh fish.Best sushi in the area!!! Although I haven't tried much other... I refuse to because I love this place. I take everyone here! The atmosphere is great and the pitchers of Sangria put me in the best mood. It's a great place to go to for dinner before going out in old city... (I recommend hitting up Marmont on a Thursday night). Oh and don't skip out on the dessert. Indulge yourself. The cheesecake/fried ice cream dish (forget the exact name) is simply amazing.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly....period!  The sushi is excellent, I think this is the only place where I will eat the omelet and octopus and be ok with it!  And the non-sushi entrees are just as fabulous!  Everything is super fresh!  This summer they are offering a $10 scorpion punch that is big enough to get 4 drinks out of, and it is GOOD!  Great to sit outside in the summer, or if you just want to go and have drink with friends, go to the 2nd floor and lounge on the couches and listen to good old school hip hop and the such on the weekends!  Great spot for dates, girls night, or just dinner or lunch!First off, just a good looking place all around.  As soon as I walked in, I noticed the seating and immediately questioned if it would be hard or soft.  For a second I thought it was wood but it turned out to be all cushion.  Sushi was good.  I am biased and spoiled on sushi, from a place by me in GA.  Yes in GA.  As all other sushi places go that i have been to i would say this is definitely one of the top.  I had some easy stuff.  philly, cali and shrimp temp rolls.  I avoid getting crazy on sushi unless I have visited the place before.  Lets just say I walked out full, smiling, and a higher level of mercury then when I enteredIt's a fun and classy joint with a great atmosphere and innovative sushi items on their menu. I went during restaurant week and enjoyed some of their menu items for the event, but wound up being tempted into trying something that the waitress called a "summer roll". I don't remember what the exact details of the sushi were, but there were strawberries and I remember that the taste was wonderful. However, all in all, the sushi isn't of very high quality and isn't all that memorable. Something to do with the rice not tasting very good, I think.
Also, I've tried a few cocktails both at this location and one in New York, and I have to say that I didn't come away very impressed. They were strong (and not in a good way) and I distinctly remember one champagne-berry cocktail tasting a bit like Robitussin.second time dining here. i'm not sure if it's fair to write a review after a bad experience. maybe so...the first time was mediocre at best. or maybe i'm just partial to vic's or other above par sushi jawnz. 
went there last week for a lunch. place had about 4 parties for lunch there...so not so busy. walked in. seen the "hostess" or "greeter" with his feet up playing with his 4GB iphone. stay classy, haru. 
our waitress came bye. straight outta south philly (with all due respect), with her hairspray at 8 and fluorescent makeup. her service was pretty good. although, when i asked where the restroom was, she vaguely pointed "over there". while walking "over there" i over heard her speaking to the nonchalant acting "hostess", calling one of the couples eating there "douche-bags".....yikes. 
(i'll get to the food in a bit)
the bathroom was unisex and dirty. toilet seat left up and *gasp*....not flushed. oh, oh, also no toilet paper either. 
i had ordered the green salad. i was left with a greenish-brown, wilted bowl of lettuce straight from the my local grocer's cooler. 
i also ordered the shrimp tempura roll. wasn't aweful. but wasn't good either. very small roll, not fresh and bland tasting. the house pinot was tasty, though. my boyfriend ordered an array of sushi, and rolls. his looked great, but also said the same about the bland taste and not so fresh quality. can soy sauce go stale? shame on haru.  i won't be back.For some reason I always wanted to eat here one day. I will be brief. Pleasant and airy interior design. Staff is nice. Really good lobster miso soup (I would actually go back to a Haru in New York just to eat that). Fish is fresh, but the rolls are lackluster. Cocktail menu is fairly imaginative. 
You can always expect the same kind of consistently decent service and food from this chain. However, I enjoyed it much more than the numerous Haru's in New York because it was pretty, quiet and made me happy with their soup on a bitterly cold night.One of the few modern sushi places to check out in Old City. Nice interior decor, relaxing lounge area on the second floor. Great to chill for a happy hour or a nice relaxing dinner. The sushi rolls are ok, but there are better ones out there for much cheaper. The calamari was pretty good, though. I also tried out raw shrimp... that was a pretty interesting experience. I'm not sure if that's available daily... it happened to be one of the specials that I had at the time. Overall, it was pretty good, but it's an expensive place to eat Japanese food. I'd just do it for the experience, but you can definitely get more for your money elsewhere.This is the best sushi I have had in Philadelphia- hands down.  The fish is fresher and tastier than Morimoto- hands down.  I have eaten sushi throughout Japan and the US- this place is legit.  They had Bonito on the menu when I went last night- simply amazing.   They also had local live scallop which I had as sashimi- incredible.  Last week I had scallop at Morimoto which sucked in comparison.  They have lots of fun and interesting rolls here as well.  Bottom line- if you want fresh fish, high quality, well constructed sushi- go here.  Plus they have Kirin on draft.  The marginal reviews on here suprised me- I suspect they are written by people who don't know shit about high quality, fresh sushi.The sushi was good (get the raw scallops, best I've ever had- comparable to Morimoto's.) However, as always at a fancy sushi place in Olde City you will leave still a bit hungry & feeling little light in the wallet. I have had better sushi for less..The sushi was great, but I will remember Haru as the place where I first tasted electric buttons. What are electric buttons? The fruit of the Acmella oleracea that produce a tingling, thrilling feeling in your mouth. It reminds me of those York peppermint patty commercials that exhort you to "taste the sensation." The substance responsible for this odd electrical sensation is spilanthol, which is similar to capsaicin, the stuff that makes chilies hot. Quite the sensory experience, it is more a feeling than a flavor. Definitely a good place to take your more adventurous friends..... o.k... I discovered this place during winter...
I made a poor choice to stroll through Old City on an extremely cold and rainy day and sought shelter at Haru. It was the first Japanese place I had been to that played Sinatra! To my surprise.. it was fitting.
I have returned many times and have always left with new Haru fans. My favourites are the crab dumplings... oh delish and the summer roll. Who would have thought that fish eggs, jalapeno and mango would work, but it does and so well. The staff and service are fantastic too.  I have tried their sister restaurant in NYC on Broadway, which is equally wonderful.  yay!Ate here for restaurant week '11. It was a last min decision. We were able to walk in with no reservations. The place was empty. Decor was great! Large ceilings made the place feel very open.  Great value, large portion for RW. Not scaled down at all. Fish was fresh staff was informative and helpful in making sake suggestion.Thanks to Daily Candy, I was able to try the $70 tasting menu for $35. My only complaints are that 1) it would have been nice for them to have substituted out the shrimp after assuring me everything was shellfish free and 2) there is a generous sampling of tempura in the menu, so don't get it if you don't like fried food.
That said, the appetizer sampler was an array of very fresh, tender, and tasty fried shrimp, fried calamari, spring rolls, and tuna. The entree was a generous portion of two spicy rolls: Kiss of Fire Roll, with the jalapenos removed, was particularly good; the Super Dynamite was heavier and didn't show off the fish as nicely. Tempura Cheesecake wrapped up our meal, but was a little too heavy after the big meal.Awesome setting in an old bank building but fully upgraded to modern decor. Very creative rolls. Fresh fish. Large sushi portions and they have Saporro on tap! Cant beat that. Ive been here twice and both times have been great.For the price it is a really great sushi place. Their special rolls are incredible, some of the best sushi I have tasted. The ingredients are fresh and  they have a good selection. Their non sushi fare is also pretty good but if you go I would stick to the sushi. The staff is generally pretty good and attentive.This was a typical "trendy" sushi place. It's not the nicest place but it has a good enough atmosphere for a date or outing with friends. I didn't really see anything bad or great about this place. I went and had the Samurai which was 3 rolls. They were pretty tasty and only 20 bucks. So the prices aren't bad. My group wasn't a big Sake group so we got the large carafe of warm sake for 11 dollars. It sucked. Stick with the Kaori which is 38 dollars but way tastier. The rolls were good but the best part of my meal was the extra 2 pieces of Super White Tuna sushi. They were soo good, I put barely any soy sauce and wasabi on it because I wanted to taste the fish. So I highly recommend that. (that was my replacement for toro which they didn't have) All in all a good experience, Id def come back because prices weren't exorbitant and the meal was filling. We split sake, i got the samurai, 3 pieces of sushi, and split a mochi ice cream for 45 dollars with tip. Not too bad!i really enjoyed this place!  i wanted to order sea urchin since i've never had it before, but they were out of stock.  regardless, i have to say, the regular sushi was pretty good.I really do love this restaurant. I've become a regular a over a year's time and will continue to be one for as long as they are running. I've tried every single roll on and off the menu, as well as their hot foods. Despite previous reviews, the Chilean Sea Bass is one of the best I've ever had. Their filet mignon is pretty good as well. As for specialty rolls -definitely go for the Ling, Super Dynamite, and Chef's Special! Apps - my go-to's are duck spring rolls and the Symphony. I love love LOVE the tangerine duck salad and the lemongrass hot & sour soup! As for desserts, I like their cheesecake tempura and mochi the best. The reason why I like Haru so much is because the service is just so incredibly personal and friendly! My friends were all pretty iffy when they first started eating sushi and the server recommended them to try the Ling and the Super Dynamite since they were good beginner rolls (and just delicious overall!) and now my friends will actually eat sashimi with me! Definitely give Haru a try! If you want an experience, I recommend going during weeknights since they won't be too crowded. Hope you like it as much as I do!I went here for Restaurant Week (for a 6 pm reservation, so it was pretty quiet still) and got the Samurai entree, the crunchy spicy salmon roll was the BEST! The yellowtail and spicy tuna roll were good, too. I also got the Japanese Mochi (spelling?) ice cream - very unusual. If you like ice cream wrapped in an uncooked marshmallow pastry-like thing, then go for it. I didn't enjoy it, but overall the experience was great. We sat at the sushi bar and chatted with the chefs, who were very friendly and our server was great, too. They had some great hip hop music playing interspersed with some Japanese-sounding hip hop. Good fun.Went here for restaurant week once, and wound up eating mostly off menu.  I love sushi and eat it as if it is my job (and what a fantastic job that would be).  This place is pretty good actually.   Good quality food, and the drinks were nice.
I didn't like the atmosphere though.  It was trying a bit hard, and I felt like our rude wait staff was part of that trying too hard vibe.AS OF 5/1 THIS RESTAURANT IS CLOSED.  I showed up on Sunday with a Daily candy dinner deal, only to find the restaurant had closed the day before.Maybe it was a case of high expectations... 
I've wanted to try Haru since I first got into sushi about two years ago.  Everyone talked about it.  Finally yesterday I showed up with a couple friends and was underwhelmed.
Now the server was great.  More than great, actually.  The ambiance was incredible.  The drink menu was extensive and inspired.  But when it came down to it - I was paying Manhattan sit-down prices in Old City... and seriously, who wants to do that.
And I guess that's the point... there wasn't anything on the menu that I didn't know I could get at just about any other sushi place in the city.  In the class of "I'm gonna pay Manhattan prices" I need inspiration.  I need to see something on the menu that screams "I gotta have that" or "that's an interesting ingredient.
Now - if you get suckered into going - I would definitely recommend the Lemon Grass Hot and Sour soup.  I could seriously go and just eat six bowls of that.  A little on the bitter side (which was a plus for me) and sprinkled with seafood.  After that I would go with an assortment of sushi and/or sashimi... all three of us went Maki and I was not impressed... although the eel avacado roll was good.  Worst roll was the spicy tuna roll - which I think was way too "fishy" for my taste.  May have been on purpose - but I've gotten pretty sick off maki that tasted that way so I didn't finish the roll.
Finally - one of the worst restaurant websites I've seen yet.
All in all - I'd go back if someone else really wanted to try it and I couldn't convince them to go elsewhere... but I'd probably order off the hot menu and see if it hit me any better.
NOTE - there is actually a pretty nice bar upstairs - I may think about hosting a happy hour up there sometime.  Lot's of room.I remember Haru from the upper east side - from about 10 years ago - and after trying it out here in philly, it's not quite what I remembered. They've definitely gone the fusion route instead of the more traditional flavors I remembered. Didn't expect them to be using what looked like artificial crab... perhaps I'm wrong. In any case, it was still tasty. The tempura entree was delicious (and filling). Good service.we were warmly greeted and quickly seated on a busy sat night. i really enjoyed the beautifully minimal decor and peaceful atmosphere.
my party shared a bowl of edamame which we devoured in about a minute. i had the  salmon & avocado roll as my appetizer, and it was fresh and delicious. my grilled salmon teriyaki was perfectly cooked and offered a tasty sauce, but i would have preferred less sauce. 
our service was very pleasant and prompt and i had no other complaint except for too much sauce. i'll be back.The food was ok, the service was abominable, but thankfully, they're open late. My mom, brother and I arrived at 10pm on a Saturday night to a near empty restaurant and it took our server a solid 15 minutes to show face.
Once it was all said and done the food was just ok. Sushi was toothsome, but my brother's chicken teriyaki (I don't endorse this order either) was dry and bland. Soy Vay could've done a better job as a sauce.
Why Haru wins: smart, casual sushi joint in Old City with a full cocktail menu and a decent wine line.Not the worst, but I don't think I would go back and spend that much money.
This place is basically an upgraded sushi joint thrown into a fancy building.  The rolls taste very good, but because of their small size, I couldn't help I was eating from the takeout sushi place.  That said, all of the ingredients were fresh and the flavors good.  We also got some tempura and edamame, both of which were delicious.
The decor is ok.  I would have chosen different wood and something less staid.  The lighting suffers because of the gigantic windows that are completely uncovered, and there is really no movement in the room.  We found ourselves picking apart the design of the room.
One issue:  in order to use the bathroom, you need to walk into the upstairs lounge, which was BLARING distorted Beyonce' remixes.  One word of sound advice:  If the speaker starts to sound like it is going to explode, TURN IT DOWN!I should say up front that I am not a qualified sushi connoisseur, but Haru has what is unquestionably my favorite sushi in Philly.  I tend to gravitate towards rolls with sort of "out there" ingredients, and this is where Haru really shines relative to other neighborhood sushi restaurants.  My go-to rolls are the summer roll and firecracker roll- the former's mango sweetness and latter's jalapeno spiciness each blend perfectly with yellowtail (my favorite fish) to delight my palate every time.  Wash everything down with a pitcher of sake sangria and you'll leave a happy camper.
Unfortunately, the service leaves a little to be desired.  I come here relatively frequently, and most of the time things go pretty smoothly.  On the off days, though... I had a lunch where it took nearly an hour to get my bill settled after we had finished our meal, and a dinner where over half an hour elapsed between the appetizer and entrée service.  I wasn't in too much of a hurry either time, and the staff was always pleasant despite our complaining, but I'd be hesitant to come here if I was on a tight schedule.It's reputation preceeds it, and in some cases overrates it.
The style and decor are very urban and cool (the restuarant itself is in a huge older builder with tall windows). There is a sushi bar and some seating in the front room, but everyone is always in the back more main section of the restaurant where there is the drink bar. Upstairs is another bar and a great place for parties.
This is definitely your high-class city sushi/Asian restaurant. The food is more or less excellent. But for some reason their desserts are always pathetic to me (even though they sound like they have so much potential).
Order correctly, get some sake and your date will definitely be impressed.Went for restaurant week dinner, which was a really really good deal. For $35, I got 4 courses: sashimi ceviche, lemongrass hot & sour soup, a sushi & sashimi platter, and mochi ice cream. I was expecting small portions since there were so many courses, but the sushi & sashimi platter was quite large. Several of my friends who ordered the Samurai (another sushi dish that came with 18 pieces), found that they couldn't even finish because there was so much. The food was all pretty good, so it was a good value for the money we paid. I especially enjoyed the ceviche and the mochi ice cream.
I'd have to knock down my rating on the service though. The waiter was friendly, but did not seem very professional. He messed up our order, accidentally brought someone 2 miso soups, and accidentally spilled some sauce on me when he served my sashimi ceviche.I first tried Haru in NYC and really enjoyed it.  When a location opened in Philly I was happy.  Great drinks, great food, decor and design of restaurant is nice.  Service can be up or down.  Mostly up but even when it's down it is just for being unnecessarily slow... not for being forgetful or unkind.  We once had a problem with our bill that we didn't notice until we got home.  We called and spoke with a manager who quickly took care of the issue.One of my favorite sushi spots here in philly. The staff there is kind and attentive. I always leave happy every time i go there. The drinks are delicious, the special rolls are amazing, and I believe they're starting an all you can eat sushi deal on wednesdays!This is a pretty decent sushi place with some nice appetizers.  The sashimi ceviche is a good dish to start with 9I could probably polish off at least 2 plates by myself) and the king crab dumplings are great with the wasabi soy dipping sauce.  This is also the only place in Phila that I have had them.  The symphony is also a good option and the presentation is great; it's literally a tower of seafood goodness.  The rest of the menu is decent, not spectacular, but I do fully appreciate the live scallops sashimi, which I get every time I'm here.  The rolls are pretty standard and portions are okay but not great for the prices.  Service has always been pretty friendly and efficient, but nothing to rave about.  A good solid choice for sushi.A friend and I went out tonight intending to go to Zento (a block away) which ended up being closed for Labor Day.  We were a little disappointed since we heard it was good.  But, knowing there were a few other sushi places around, we walked around and happened across Haru.
We just happened to be there at Happy Hour (or Sake Hour) and I'm glad we were.  The normal prices are a bit expensive, but since it was Happy Hour, the California rolls were $3 and the other 2 orders of rolls were $5 or $6.  The rolls were fresh and very tasty.  I ordered a Momotini (peach puree and sake) and really enjoyed it.  
With the rolls, tempura and one drink each, we got out of there at only $20 per person--which I was happy to pay for a very nice overall experience.Tet the Symphony appetizer - to DIE for! so delicious. But stick to sushi for the main course. You can never go wrong with X teriyaki but that's dull, and their special entrees are horrid. When going sushi, go all the way!I went to Haru to use my DailyCandyTasting Menu for 2 (which a couple of other reviewers did as well) and I was less than impressed by the food.  The taco dish was creative but the other dishes were not so great.
Their Uni sashimi (sea urchin) was incredible.  It was fresh and rich in flavor.  The Uni was soo delicious I had to order another serving of it after we finished the Tasting Menu.. which was not so taste-y.Everytime my friends and I wanted to get something light to eat, we would go to this place and get sushi. We would order different kinds of sushi and we all share it.
The waiters were nice, polite, and kind. One night, they were about to close and we came one hour before they close and we didn't know that they were closing. They took us in, show us the table, we ordered the food, and they waited while we enjoy our conversations while we eat. Obviously, the whole place suddenly got quiet and we realized that they were closing. We told them thank you for not kicking us out. That's how I know that they're polite.
I rated 4/5 is because the place environment is a bit too dark, I couldn't see the menu sometimes...I have to use my phone so I can read the menu. Other than that, the food is awesome.The building and decor are nice.  The rolls were good.  This is a more upscale sushi place so don't expect cheap and large quantity.  It also opens lateThe fish is fresh and the rolls are innovative.
The appetizer Symphony (pricy) but was out of the world.Good place, we went there.some of my friend's friends came in from out of town..so they all wanted to visit there.Nice decor..we went downstairs, sushi bar was there, my friend & I were starving so he got sake, ordered out spicy tuna rolls, etc. Wasn't bad, quite delicious..Service was good, but if you're not crossing the bridge, go to my neighboring spots near me.This one is nice though...great liquor menu, nice variety of seafood.We went to Haru for a birthday this past weekend, 11 people.  Had reservations for 8pm, got seated at 9:20pm.  We were placed upstairs, where the tables are knee high and half of the people had to sit on stools without anything to lean their backs on.  They said we were supposed to get the table downstairs but that table didn't leave in time as they expected.  The table we sat at was empty during the whole time we waited.  They comped us 2 small bottles of warm saki for the inconvenience (warm saki is generally the bottom of the barrel).  
The appetizers took way too long to get to the table (over 30 minutes after we ordered).  When it was entree time, they brought out 1 steak (that was undercooked and still bleeding) and the next plate didn't come out for at least 6 minutes.  The person who ordered the steak didn't want to eat just yet since he was the only person that got their main course, which then lead it to become room temperature.  It came out already cut, so it didn't have time to cook internally.
As more entrees came out, all of the sushi was plated by what was ordered, not by who ordered it.  Seat #4 and Seat #10 both ordered the same rolls, but since it was served on the same plate and they were sitting totally across from each other, people had to stand up and walk to eat what they ordered.  I don't think this would have been an issue if we had a normal table downstairs.  Also, the waiter had no idea of the names of the rolls he had just delivered.  
There were 2 orders of the Chilean sea bass- both were way over cooked, leading it to be the worst sea bass ever.  Talked to the manager and he didn't charge for the fish, but we were starving and they said another sea bass would take over 15 minutes.  We asked for a warm entree (anything that would take less than 10 minutes) and they brought us back a cold sushi roll as a comped replacement.  We didn't touch it.  Horrible.  
When we got our bill, they knocked off at least 6 beers from the tab and 1 of the sea bass.  The tab still came to over $550 (gratuity included), for 11 of us.  Oh hell no.  I spoke with the manager, telling him that this being the worst dining experience ever.  He took off another entree and knocked off the mandatory 18% gratuity, which was something, and we didn't want to argue anymore.  We had no issues with the mandatory tip, but it was wack that they took the funds out of the servers' funds instead of taking off more from the food charges.
We've had expensive dinners all over town and we tip extremely well when it's deserved.  When we go out with large parties to dinner, we always get all of our entrees together as a group without that awkward moment.  When we do send a meal back, we expect the replacement meal to be something that we wanted, not something that they chose.  If we had to point the finger, the 80 minute wait destroyed the dinner and the chefs totally dropped the ball on this one.  
Would I ever go back?  never.I've only been here once and it was a slow Monday afternoon. My youngest sister had just graduated at CAPA and since Cebu wasn't serving dinner, we went here instead! 
The place was eerily empty, I guess that was fine since that meant service would be focused on US (hell yeah!). My sisters and I ordered specialty sushi, I don't remember the name, I'm sure it contained some awesome words like "DRAGON" or "PHOENIX."
The sushi kicked ass. I couldn't even finish mine because I was so full from sampling other people's plates, including my parents who got duck. 
Food was good, service was good, bellies full, we had fun. Four stars.Tried the tasting menu from Daily candy which included 4 course meal. The fish taco and the fried cheesecake for dessert was the best.   The 2nd course had too many fried items which made us lose our appetite before the 3rd course.
If you like fried food and want to give Haru a chance then I would recommend trying the tasting menu from Daily Candyamazing sushi and the portions are huge! The fish is so fresh. I love to sit at the bar and the bartender makes me the most delicious cocktails or picks out the perfect glass of sake. If you ask for some off menu items, the chefs can sometimes make u something special. Some of my haru favorites: the ling roll, king tut roll, rock shrimp tempura, tuna tar tar, tuna tataki, seaweed salad, the duck app, and of course the edamame. I've been to raw as well as other sushi places in the city which are good but pricey. Not only are haru's portions large at a reasonable price, but the fish is so fresh!  The sake lounge upstairs is so sexy. They gets bands or djs up there some nights. Service good. Drinks amazing. Food phenominal! A must go.I wanted to love this place, but did not. I walked in, and thought the ambiance was nice, modern decor, large space, with a lounge area upstairs.  Went with a group of friends, and we started off with cocktails, which I must say were good.  But, then dinner ruined it for me....most of us ordered sushi.  the sushi is average, and it was hard for me to finish.  we also ordered sake, which was good, but the price was exuberant...the quality didnt match the price. 
I do not recommend this place.  The food is overpriced.  There are much better sushi places in philly.My daughters were craving sushi when we found Haru. The restaurant was beautiful inside and the staff friendly and attentive. Our sushi was fresh and delish. I definetly will return here when ever i am in Philly.Excellent food!! It was a chic little place and the sushi was quite tasty!  I've had better sushi and for cheaper (try Lai Lai in Blue Bell!!) but Ive also had much much worse sushi for cheaper.  We had something called a dynamite roll (i think - it was a special for the day?) and Ill be damned if I remember what was in it, but goodness it was beyond delicious!  The spiciness of it crept up on you, and it was very lightly fried which gave it a nice texture.  Their rock shrimp tempura was very good (but still not as good as Morimoto's), the field green salad was average, and the crispy duck was very tasty until I hit a piece of fat was was turned off of that dish instantly. I had the "samurai" maki entree which included a spicy tuna roll (very good), a yellowtail jalapeno roll (I did not like the jalapeno with yellowtail), and my hands down fave - the spicy crunchy salmon roll (sososo delish!).  Their drink menu was very good as well (various yummy mimosas were my drink of choice for the evening), and if you're a saki fan, they have a saki lounge upstairs.
Its definitely pricier than you average sushi joint, but if you feel like splurging  going somewhere with a fun and modern atmosphere its well, well worth it.
I will without a doubt return!The  staff there were super friendly and helpful.  I actually ordered takeout from Zento but could not find the place.  The sushi was fresh even at 11pm and the philly cheese steak roll with kobe beef was great!  They also had a live piano player playing pop, r&b and jazz.  I will be sure to return there when I visit Philly again?the perfect time to come here is on christmas eve, we had the whole place to our selves, a few extra people would have been nice, to tell u the truth. we had the rock shrimp tempura, miso soup,seaweed salad,oyster roll,special roll,tuna entree,salmon entree,sea bass,cheesecake dessert thing,banana spring roll dessert,hot sake,green tea. all good, nice ambiance, decor and great service, little pricey for what we had, i must admit. fyi, it is owned by the benihana peepsI gave Haru a shot this past summer while on a date.  It was interesting because this was the first time she had ever had sushi.  I should have tried something... less impressive.
There's just no way I could ever suggest anyone eat here.  I felt it was fairly pricey and probably the least fresh sushi I've ever eaten.  Now, I'm no professional sushi eater but I know what tastes good in my mouth and how my wallet feels when I walk out of a restaurant.
I hear the dining experience in the back is better than the front but, I was was going for that impressive thing.  Bad idea.  Even the service in the fancier front of the building was really slow and the place was empty.
It wasn't a total bust.  Turns out I turned someone on to sushi for the first time!I went here on a Tuesday night.  Pretty empty.  Service was definitely hospitable.  However, it was so slow, they were kind of looking you down every two minutes like there wasn't anything better to do.  Attentive, yes.  But not in the way one might want.  
We got "sushi for two".  Pretty generic sushi well executed and presented beautifully.  The fish seemed fresh, but it tasted like it was about to cross that line of not being fresh...leaving me with some uneasiness regarding eating raw food I usually get when it's not %1000 fresh.
The mojito was a little bootleg, but I worked a nice buzz.  
You can get much better sushi at Morimoto or Pod (and elsewehere, perhaps) probably, but if you want a decent meal in a pretty setting (without spending lots of cash), its a safe bet.We went to Haru (in Philadelphia) for dinner on Saturday night and I really liked this place but it is definitely pricey! Our server was really nice, but she talked a little too fast for me. I would say that my only real gripe is that they had something listed on their "specials" menu that is a seasonal item (crawfish) and as it is not the correct season, they didn't have it. I wanted to try it as I've never had crawfish and I like to try new things. You should only have items on the menu that you plan to serve that night. Also, the waitress went over the desserts and after we chose one, she came back to tell us they didn't have anymore of it left (the fried cheesecake)! Other than that, the food was pretty good and the best sushi I've had (I haven't had a lot) since moving back to the east coast!Easily the worst sushi I have had on the east coast.  I can get better in the S. Jersey burbs.  Yeah, I said it, Jersey.  The mochi balls are coated in nasty Nestle quick chocolate sauce.  Go to RAW.The fish was fresh and delicious and their drinks are extremely tasty and not too sweet. For the appetizer we had a pepper special, with dipping sea-salt -- instantly made it to my favorites. We had the cucumber drink (first on the drink list) and the lychee martini, both extremely refreshing and good for a warm night. The fish was very well-portioned and fresh, so it made up for the higher price tag. The only roll we did not like was the spicy salmon roll because it seemed that the fish in it was pulverized and mushy. 
Favorite roll: Yellowtail and jalapeno.I love their drinks that is all folks from Porky Pig. I was not impress with this restaurant. I have been to better Japanese restaurant and this is not one of them. Philadelphia have grown with their variety of good Japanese restaurant. If you want fancy sit down, I would not say recommend Haru.We went to Haru for dinner over the weekend and had a really nice time.  Our server was great, she was down to earth, personable, and really helpful.  We had scoped out the menu ahead of time and decided to get two tartares, two special rolls, a regular roll, and dessert.  We got the tuna and the yellowtail tartares (I much preferred the tuna, boyfriend preferred the yellowtail).  We got the Gramercy Park Roll and the Park Ave Roll and both were great but Park Ave was the clear winner for me.  Last but not least was the crunchy spicy salmon roll which was a solid choice.  
For dessert I already knew they had tempura cheesecake and wanted it so so bad... but alas, they sold out and I couldn't have it :(  We were healthy and had the sorbet instead (which was tasty but wasn't tempura cheesecake so I left unsatisfied).  
They had a special drink for the month (Cupid's something...) and it was really tasty and only $6.  
The decor could use some updating, but all in all it was a good experience and I would go back (and the pricing really wasn't bad for the quality and portions).been here two times.  first time, shame on them for sucking. second time, shame on me for going back. the price difference between here and morimoto is minimal and i can guarantee good service and top quality sushi there if i am going for "upscale sushi." the sashimi is fine, fresh but not spectacular. we had an eel roll with some major texture issues- the eel must have been "fried hard," and when i say hard, i mean cracked my toof hard. 
gross. 
i like the space. thats the only reason for two stars.I really really enjoyed it. It was half empty on a Thu, so chill and calm atmosphere... I was won by the ambiance first thing. Food came out fast, our waitress was very nice.  I had the sushi&sashimi platter, plus 3 extra special rolls... The manager came by to ask how we were doing... Nice. Pleasant experience, will go back.This is one of my favorite Sushi restaurants in the city.  The food is good, the drinks are good and the staff is excellent.  On my last visit, Kurt the bartender, was both attentive and funny.First time @ Haru, went during restaurant week. The food was really delicious and filling. I really enjoyed the sashimi ceviche and the eel hand roll, and I tried some of my friend's Lemongrass Hot and Sour Soup and it was amazing. Our server was great, really down to earth and the decor is beautiful there. 
The only reason I gave it 4 starts and not 5 is because I wouldn't come to Old City just for the sushi here and I know of other sushi places that are more low key, which is more my vibe.The rolls were good at Haru, but the sushi itself was just mediocre. I tried the Spanish Mackeral and Fluke and a couple pieces of tuna, but they were all  tasteless and seemed a little stale. Good atmosphere, but if you want great sushi, try somewhere else.Lets just say I was very surprised that I would get such great sushi and fresh fish in Philly. Came in after just walking by looking for a place for dinner, sat at the sushi bar, and it was just a great experience. Sushi chefs were great and funny. I was able to dialogue with them the whole time I was there. The food was great. Every piece of sashimi I had was excellent, every roll i had was great. And the server I had was also very cool about being on it with drinks and other stuff that I ordered. I ate quite a bit of food and had a couple of drinks and didnt even spend $100, so I think the food is priced very well. I would recommend Haru to anyone to check out for damn good sushi.I was hovering over the 3 star rating when I had a taste memory of the sushi I ate here this past weekend....mmmm....bump that up to 4 stars. To sum it up, the sushi is melt in your mouth amazing with loads of choices but the service was dismally dismally dismal! 
Granted it was Friday night of Restaurant Week...but 1 hour before appetizers and miso soup is unheard of. And our waitress only really apologized for the wait at the end of the night (3hrs after we arrived) when she brought us the check. I guess that's what the power of tipping is for. 
Despite that, the food really was worth it: not over priced, good quantity, fresh ingredients, interesting combinations.....mmmm...here comes the foodgasm...you'll have to excuse me :)Mmmmm...
I can taste the fresh delicate pieces of sushi on my lips.
Haru knows how to do it right.  Their decor is fresh and crisp - very inviting.  Their servers are knowledgeable and friendly.  Their sake is plentiful and their sushi leaves nothing to be desired.
The rolls are huge!  Their sea bass dish is out of this world.  If fresh live scallops are on the menu, please please do yourself a favor and try them!
Yes, it is expensive - but you are at a Steven Star killer restaurant with the best sushi around...you don't want that to be cheap!I should have known when the host tried to seat us next to a table with two small children and a baby despite the otherwirse empty restaurant.  However, I had high hopes for our Daily Candy dinner for two since Haru used to be a go-to sushi spot when I lived in Manhattan.  We started with appetizers, all but one of which were fried.  The main course included two specialty rolls that weren't very special.  Shockingly, one of the rolls was also fried.  I jokingly asked the waitress if the dessert would be fried.  When she said yes, I informed her that there was no need to bring me utensils, which she did anyway.  Next time I have friends looking for fried food and bad service, I will suggest Haru.  As for me, I will never return to this restaurant again.The mother of all sushi chains has a location right here in Old City.  The rolls are large, the sushi and sashimi well-crafted, and the entrees are a bit above average.  The costs are high.  The drinks, while tasty, are too expensive.
It's an average restaurant with a trendy interior.  You'd think Haru was a Steven Starr but it's in the same mold, but you can easily get a table even on a Saturday night.  
I think 3 or 3.5 stars is just about right.  If you want sushi, are in the area, and can't get to Zento or Kisso (or want to impress with decor over food) check out Haru.  If you want to try a saketini (not bad, really) head on over!
Recommended but with some hesitation.  Better sushi places within walking distance.Went for Restaurant week and was not disappointed. The service was exceptional, the atmosphere was excellent and the food was tasty and beautiful. I had the Black Truffle scallops, lemon grass soup (which was amazing and would go back just for that). Followed by the crunchy salmon roll, toro tuna roll. And this is where it doesn't get the 5th star..yellow fin with jalapeno. It just didn't work for me. I did try my friends ceviche and it was probably the best I've had. The green tea for dessert was authentic and the mochi was awesome.Definitely a place to impress (and eat Ramen noodles afterwards to lighten the blow to the wallet...)
---
After reading how far my former favorite has fallen (Hikaru), I decided to bring a friend here instead.  It was a slow night, due to the weather, but that made it that much better.
Highlights of our meal:
Warm sake, large carafe - just enough (unless you're a lush)
Rock shrimp appetizer - average, but I was starving after missing lunch that day, I thought it was awesome
Sushi & sashimi for two - $58 for maguro / 2 pieces of chutoro / various tuna-based rolls  (that's pushing it!), but at least the fish was of high quality 
Uni sashimi - $6 a pop, two pieces ordered. On the plus side, it was of excellent quality, and was served in a cucumber floret
Mochi mango ice cream - we split this, and were pleasantly surprised. The mango ice cream really hit the spot.
Overall I'm happy with the dining experience, and would come back.It was First Friday, we were all starving, and at the suggestion of one of my friends, we stopped by Haru for some sushi.  It was much more upscale and high-end than I envisioned it to be, but the service was incredible. However, I didn't realize upon ordering my tobiko (the little orange, or in this case, red, flying fish caviar) that it would arrive on top of cucumbers rather than on top of rice and seaweed.  That aside, my shrimp tempura roll was quite enjoyable.  Would definitely come back, and next time I come, I'd like to get a bit more dressed up to add some ambiance to the experience ;)I've been to Haru on Park Ave in NYC midtown many times and the happy hour specials are awesome.  I trekked out to Olde City to take advantage of the DailyCandy Tasting Menu for 2 and it was absolutely terrible.  Also, the scorpion punch is SO sweet.  The strawberry and jalepeno drink was not great either.  Our waitress was on her first day on the job and she seemed very out of place and confused most of the time.  The tacos were good but everything that came after, down to the sushi and dessert even was ALL FRIED.  If I want to eat unhealthy deep fried food, I'd go to an American restaurant, not a sushi joint.  Very disappointed and the food was really not great.  I recommend that those who are in the area and want sushi stick to the basics like the traditional sushi or sashimi combos.
The venue is interesting...I don't like the downstairs area but the upstairs is gorgeous.Pretty good sush, but not great, which is why I'm only giving 4 stars.  Not a bad second choice to Morimoto.  The Saki flights are a great way to try different kinds, without buying a whole cup.
The Philadelphia roll here is pretty good.This is a nice sushi place, lots of dark-lit ambiance, etc.  Spacious.  Pretty good food, although a little pricey.  I got the lobster ceviche, which was delicious, but which was very tiny for the price ($16, appetizer).  The rolls I got were good and weren't too expensive.  Had great sake.  Not the best sushi on earth, but definitely worth the trip if you're looking for a hip, non-kitschy sushi joint where you can also throw back a few cocktails.HARUBLE........This makes my TOP 5 WORST EVER.
Anyone who says this place has fresh fish is terribly mistaken. 
Pretty disgusting to be honest. 
SUSHI: 
You know good fish by the smell of it and the appearance. The yellow tail we had looked DRY, OLD, SMELLED funny... Really unappealing and painful to get through. (we only did b/c it was $18 a roll!) It tasted worse than food store bought sushi!
CHILEAN SEA BASS:
Dry looking, tasted mediocre. Plated over a very TACKY mei fun noodle that looked as if they went to the nearest buffet, scooped it into a bowl and plopped it onto a plate. 
FISH TACO:
In a legit taco shell, tasted too much Mexican and not enough Japanese. 
I cannot believe how bad this place was. I am a sushi lover and to say that we were disappointed is a complete understatement.
Moral of the story: Save your $100 and go binge at McDonalds. We were saved my my dear friend AMADA who saved the night by a delicious desert. (THANK GOD).So my date sent me a text saying something along the lines of "meet me @ Haru- sushi is BOMB omw rt now c u soon OMFG they have electric buttons xoxo" or something like that.  
Bomb sushi? Electric buttons? Text in CAPS? When someone texts in caps, you now they mean serious business. Or caps lock is stuck. Was the "xoxo" directed toward me, or the sushi? What were these mysterious "electric" buttons? Regardless, that sort of passion and mystery merited a visit, and expectations were high. Some friends from NYC mentioned it before, and being a chain, they have to be doing something right, right?
Having spent some time in Japan, my sushi standards are somewhat jaded, so I'll just throw that out there. 
We walked in around 8-ish on a First Friday.  It was relatively empty. Interesting. Most restaurants are slammed about that time.. The high ceilings and high design gave the place a very open and airy feel. We sat at the bar downstairs by ourselves. 
My date ordered an electric button.  They were apparently out of them. Date disappointed. OMFG quickly became wtf?
So we skipped that and ordered sushi. 
The spicy tuna roll wasn't the best. There wasn't anything wrong with it per se, but it didn't stand out. The firecracker roll wasn't that interesting. Actually nothing we ordered was particularly outstanding. The only thing on the menu that you couldn't get anywhere else was the electric button, and they didn't even have that. 
The bill, however, stood out. Two drinks, a couple rolls and some miso for a C note reminded me more of NYC than Nagasaki. Then again, most of their locations are in NYC.
I wouldn't write this place off completely. I mean, it is pretty. But overall, the experience was ho-hum, and not particularly worthy of CAPS.Bopped in after a movie and decided to indulge in another cocktail before bed 
Ordered the Agave cooler more like the Agave loser. My first cocktail came with a special friend some sort of mosquito or Japanese bug. Bartender really good about apologizing and making a new drink. I have to say it was really sweet for my liking and I would never pay 12.00 for that $hit. Chris ordered a beer (ashai) he hates Sapporo. I think we stayed so long b/c there were two guys chatting it up w/ the bartender and they had us cracking up. Based on the stories I heard Haru is the land of waste faced old swinger couples //... who would have known. Took a peek at the food menu (my food baby started rumbling) nothing really grabbed my attention so I passed. I would probably stop in again but def won't be having the Agave loser.
2stars  for the entertaining fellow with the inappropriate stories :)))
1 for the bartender she was nice.