Excellent food. The oysters were wonderful, and the service was friendly and fast. They asked if they could take our coats and recommended dishes that were a better bang for the buck. Had crab chowder, crab cakes and fish bites (better than it sounds) too. All were fresh and had balanced, light flavors.
We're from out of town, but if we lived here we'd frequent the place.Went to Headhouse yesterday for the first time. I had been there years ago when it was Tori's and loved it then. I was surprised that the decor hadn't changed at all in so many years but was hopeful that the food would be good. I wasn't sure what to expect and initially I wasn't thrilled. The host was a bit awkward in greeting us, and the large fan in the main dining room was a little off putting. Our table had a great view of the TV, but I had no interest in watching TV and wondered what it was even doing there. Basically, the ambiance was quite strange. Then we met our server,  and my opinion of the experience did a full 180. Jerry was AWESOME. He was so sweet and kind,  had a very welcoming personality and was knowledgeable about the menu. He gave us great recommendations and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. My boyfriend and I shared the calamari, crab soup, lobster grilled cheese, and clams & linguini. All in all the food was pretty good. We enjoyed everything, and the food clearly consisted of fresh,  quality ingredients. The truffle and asiago fries were pretty great too. Bottom line: go for the food, not the ambiance, and hope Jerry is your server.  He was the bomb.Okay if you like very rich food.  The cooked food is very heavy and rich.  I feel like I swallowed motor oil.  Atmosphere is good.Let me first say this is my 1st time leaving a review on Yelp. With that said I had to come back to praise how amazing my experience was at Headhouse.
Came for my girlfriends birthday, she is a crab lover. So I did some research and found this gem on south street.
They have a decent selection of drinks and micro brews on tap to start. We ordered the Buffalo Shrimp and Fried Calamari as our apps. The buffalo shrimp was 5 huge  butterflied shrimp in a not too spicy sauce, they were great. The calamari was the BEST I have ever had. It had a very light coating yet so crisp and crunchy. Not to mention the portion was a basket full, literally was 2x more than the long hots it came with. It also had this incredible sauce over the entire dish.
On to our entrees, she got the Snow Crabs, 1lb worth. They were served with a bowl of Butter Garlic Old Bay sauce which was delicious. I was dipping my fries in it. The crab were cooked PERFECTLY, she did not have to work at all, they would SNAP and the meat would all come out in one pull. And I don't mean once in a while, EVERY SINGLE piece was like that. I got the Mahi Mahi tacos. 2 HUGE tacos loaded with salw aioli and big grilled pieces of the fish. They were served with a side of fresh made fries. Let me just say it was incredible and only $11!
Our waiter was excellent, great suggestions and on top of everything. We also met the owner, such a nice guy that is more than proud of the food and his restaurant. I will easily be going back, you can go spend $40-50 for dinner at  Red Lobster and get that fake frozen seafood, or you can head to south street and really treat yourself for the same price. Freshest and best seafood around!!!If your in a mission to coat your lips with butter and to get your hands coated in seafood goodness Head House is an ok place to go. If you love fiberglass octopus meets sea turtle paintings you will adore it. The crab fries were way over salted, but the Cajun crab was well seasoned. The prices seemed steep for what we received. Our poor server had a bad case of awkward that caused her to repeatedly trip over empty chairs and forget things. Beer flights are available, however my dining partner had to wait 15 min for his bottled beer to be chilled. Overall service was slow.I'm not a restaurant critique, but I've eaten at enough so called fine establishments that I know my way around Philadelphia and the Burb's eateries, both good, not so good and just down right yucky.  What a wonderful surprise my two grown daughters and I had eating recently at the Head House Crab and Oyster Co.    http://www.headhousecrabandoyster.com/about.php    
It was pouring rain when I arrived for our 5:30 reservations.  Parking was so available either because of the time or the rain that I just pulled diagonally into one of the spots near Head House Square, walked around the corner and at 119 South St. and through the front door.  
One daughter had already arrived and was drinking her usual Tito Vodka.  We agreed to move to the far end of the bar away from the front door. I knew I wanted to order a half dozen of happy hour's "Buck a shuck" oysters.  With them I also wanted to try a new beer or ale.  Bill, the very pleasant mixologist asked if I wanted a sample of anything on tap.  I first tried the Cotrell's Perry's Revenge Scotch Ale, CT which I thought a bit too sweet.  Bill asked me to try a beer of his choice and it was perfect.  (Unfortunately, I neglected to get the name).  I ordered a pint, and it went great with the succulent raw oysters.
My daughter and I split an order of calamari.  Wow, what a taste treat.  The breaded calamari  (I think breaded with rice flour but you'd have to check on that) came were crispy, plentiful and laced with long slices of hot pepper, red onion and served with a tangy aioli.
My older daughter arrived just in time for another happy hour dozen raw oysters she inhaled with a beer.  At about seven pm, we headed to the dining room where Tim and Patti took well care of us.  My younger daughter had the broiled Jersey Flounder, green beans with almonds and of course a side of Fried Brussels Sprouts, fresno chile, garlic butter. Excellent, she said.  Where this "kid" got a taste for Brussels sprouts is beyond me.  She never ate a vegetable while at home!
Both my older daughter and I each had an order of King Crab Legs.  I know, hard to go wrong with crab legs and they didn't.  Scrumptious!  Somewhere in here we all split a plate of Chicken Fried Oysters with horseradish cream, 8 oysters, plump and juicy.  They were simply wonderful.
So, together we had raw, fried and steamed and it all was simply perfect.  Tim was our waiter, Patti our hostess who kept an eye on everyone.
We'll be back for a second sampling.  I have no doubt it will be as good as the first.  Philip R.The food here is amazing!  Ordered king crab legs! They were perfectly cooked, some of the best I've ever had!   Bloody Mary was good and well seasoned.  The staff is friendly and accommodating .  I will defiantly back on my next visit!Went here on a whim a month or so ago and had a great meal.  Went back last night and had another fantastic meal.  Started with the New England Clam Chowder.  Hands down the best chowder I've had.  Then moved onto to the Salmon tacos.  Delicious!  They also have a great beer list that's reasonably priced.  Staff was super attentive, friendly and knowledgeable about the beer, clams and other menu items.  Not too crowded, so the noise level was reasonable.  Definitely one of the hidden gems of the City.Here for the weekend for a wedding, took the hop on hop off bus tour. We got off on south street and very glad we did! Stopped in randomly and were immediately impressed with the staff and decor.  We met the owner and he suggested the traditional boil along with wings and both were amazing! Service was excellent and the owner truly cares about the quality of food.  You get a lot of food reasonably priced! We definitely recommend this restaurant to all especially for their seafood!Amazing buck a shuck and quality food. Not sure why more people dont eat here.  The quality is great. I enjoyed the service and the beer selection is decent. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful.Good raw bar, fantastic salmon tacos. Fried Brussels sprouts were good (though the sprouts were better when I added a little lemon juice and salt). Husband loved his lobster roll and fries. Friendly staff, lots of seating.My friend took me here for my bday and loved their fresh oysters. Delicious lobster mac and cheese . Definitely should try.Loved this place so much!  All of the food was delicious and the atmosphere was really fun and laid back.  Especially recommend the oysters and crab boil.  
What was most striking about it, though, was the level of personal attention.  The owner stopped by our table several times to check on us and was extraordinarily knowledgeable (for example, giving us a quick, fun lesson on how to identify different types of oysters by looking at them).  The mixologist, Katie, proved again that her amazing city-wide reputation is so well deserved.  We hung out at the bar after our dinner and had so much fun asking her to make us her personal favorites.  
Overall, this place is really great and deserves way more attention than it's received so far!Been here a number of times.  Oysters are outstanding.  Fresh seafood.  Fish Taco Tuesdays!  They had dollar oysters for the month of December.  Not the small Blue Points, but fat Chinoteagues!  Feast of Seven Fishes was great for 28 bucks!  Service is a little overattentive.Our Philadelphia Tour Guide Association holds our monthly meetings at Headhouse Crab & Oyster. We're happy to call it our new "home." The food is great, the menu is extensive and the staff is friendly and attentive; they make us feel like family.  I'm glad we found this place.  I'd recommend it to anyone - it's five-star, tour guide endorsed!Garlic clams were great as were the clams casino and fried clams. Soup tasted like it came from a can. Happy hour is only available at the bar and even though only 2 tables were occupied  they did not honor the pricing. We were also charged for bread when we asked for a few more slices! We were told that bakery goods are expensive and that the oyster crackers(4) were the bread basket. They never offered to replenish it. Additionally there was no air conditioning and when I questioned the manager he said that it was hard to keep the buliding cool and very expensive. This will be my first and last vistit. I doubt they will be open  very long.Tried this restaurant for the first time last night and everything was exceptional from the service to the food.  The crab and corn chowder is outstanding, the Sweet Jesus MD oysters were excellent along with the special homemade sauce, the crab broil is huge and perfectly cooked (learned they are not boiled and instead steamed in butter...mmmmm), the mahi mahi was average (but may have only seemed average in comparison to the rest of the meal)...highly recommend the garlic smashed potatoes as a side.  If you're going to get one thing, get the crab boil - big enough to split and well worth it!!  The servers were very knowledgeable about the food and made recommendations based on taste preferences.  They were also very attentive and seemed to be there exactly when you needed them.  David, the owner, was pleasant and you can tell he loves what he does.  It was a great time all around.First time we came here we missed the happy hour so we bookmarked it for another occasion.  This time I had a craving for oysters around 10am this morning and already plotting on happy hour and dollar oysters.  I remembered I book marked this place so no need to look any further! 
We ordered a dozen raw oysters and they look so delishious.  Love when they come with the vinaigrette....that just takes it to another level.  It was so good we had to order another round.   We also ordered the fries with truffle oil....it was a little crunchy but still pretty tasty. Almost didn't order the lobster mac and cheese but something told me I will regret it.  The Mac and cheese was so creamy and cheesy with huge chucks of lobster.  So many huge pieces that we didn't have to fight over them. 
So what's not to love about this place?!! My 7yr old ordered the Mew England clam chowder.  She said she had it better in ocean city so it was just ok.  A young Yelper in the making!! Says it was too brothy and barely any clams. Glad I didn't order the Manhattan! Also the fried chicken oysters was a little bland.  
Our waiter Chris was amazing and very attentive.  he would check on us every few mins and recommended some great beers.  The pear Ale (sorry forgot name) and ginger beer were our favorite.  
I can't wait to go back for another happy hour! next time will try the late night happy hour!My boyfriend and I have a habit of walking out our front door (on 15th street) to go out for dinner without really knowing where we're headed. In the cold December weather, we somehow made it to South Street pier before we realized it was time to get our lives together and make a dinner decision.
Then I saw a giant squid emerging from the top of a building, and at first I thought it was the cold and hunger getting to me, but then I realized..."oh! new seafood place!" and when a swift & stealthy google search revealed this to be a restaurant of Chef Mike Stollenwerk, I decided that I was ready to make a dinner decision. Also it was like 10pm at this point...
...which was just in time for the late night happy hour! And my dark and stormy was delish, thank you very much. I went with the fish tacos - the fish tasted fresh in spite of the season, and the sauce gave it a unique and tangy flavor. The fries were crispy and salty (just how I like them). My boyfriend gave his house blend burger a thumbs-up as well.
The interior space is large and interesting - a big bar area, booths, picnic tables. Very cool. I can't wait to make a few trips back once most seafood is actually in season, I have a feeling it will be deeeeelish.We came here for mother's day and really had a nice time ! 
We ordered two orders of fried clams , two oyster shooter to try , two of each of the six kinds of oyster, a crab kingdom boils and also a traditional boils. Guess what ? We devoured them ! 
The fried clams were really good , but was in the frier a bit too long . 
The oyster shooters were really strong and spicy , haha. 
I didnt have any of the oysters , but my parents said they were pretty good but could be fresher. 
The boils ! They were so good , especially the corn . Its like you got two huge bucketful of crabs , lobsters, mussel and clams but everyone went for the corn. Haha 
We really had a nice time and service was also excellent !Simply delicious ! Great place, excellent staff. Food is amazing. King crab legs are spectacular.This place is awesome! We got the $51 crab boil, dozen $ oysters during happy hour, and a variety of other apps. All 5 of us were extremely happy! The crabs were delicious and we love and know our crabs! And loved that we sat at picnic tables inside a cute restaurant  We will def be going back soonI have driven past here a couple of times and decided that today was the day. Plus we had a craving for raw bar. We came in during happy hour so the raw oysters were only $1 each (they call them buck-a-shuck). The oysters were good. I only wish they were a little larger, but what can you expect for $1. They are accompanied with vinegar, horseradish and cocktail sauce. They have a pretty good variety for their raw bar.
I love the decor. They have a couple of TVs at the bar for the lads who just want to watch the game, have a beer and maybe some crabs. opposite the bar is an area with nicely stained dark wood picnic tables for the serious crustacean eaters. It reminds me of when I was a kid and the family would sit down with a bushel of crabs in the back yard. Finally in the back there is an area nice enough for date night.
The happy hour special had two dollars off all draughts. I hade their House Summer Shandy and I have to say its my new summer beer (allagash, ginger beer and something else mixed together). So gooood! Also tried the chicken fried oysters (wasn't a fan), the lobster mac-n-cheese (loved it), New England clam chowder (good) and the truffle fries (excellent). Our server Chris was attentive and knowledgable.
I can't wait to try their crabs next!Lobster Mac & Cheese is amazing and fish tacos are delicious! Friendly attentive service and the owner is awesome.This was a very confusing meal.  I love Mike Stollenwork's cooking.  I have loved all three of the restaurants he's owned (Fish, Little Fish, Fathom).  He's running the show at Headhouse Crab & Oyster company, so I was expecting something on par with his previous efforts.  The menu is suitably impressive, a solid list of food that reminds me of the good old days of Fathom in Fishtown, which I miss like crazy.
But unfortunately whoever decorated Headhouse Crab & Oyster Co has destroyed whatever the food could be.   This is the first time I can honestly say that the decor and ambiance murdered what could have been a pretty-darn-good meal.
Above the front door is an enormous sculpture of an octopus, a story tall.  I thought that was clever.  I walked into the bar at the front of the restaurant, which is all old wood and has vintage-looking chandeliers, all very classy.  
But then I walked into the dining room, and walked into what can only be described as a seafood-themed restaurant at a low-end theme park.  
The room resembles more of a cafeteria than a restaurant, bright and loud and echo-y.  There are big aquarium-scene murals painted on the walls... and on the ceiling. There's a 3D coral reef sculpture over the raw bar.  The tables themselves came straight out of a TGI Fridays.  Between the aquarium murals hang two waterfall features from a zen garden, which just make no sense (except, I guess, water = seafood?).  In the far corner is a a giant, dingy-looking metal fan on a stand.  The server "uniform" is a t-shirt with jeans and sneakers.  Some of the food is served in red plastic baskets.  Suddenly the giant octopus over the front door felt more like an omen than a clever decoration.  There are even tentacles creeping across the back wall, presumably from that same giant octopus.  It all ties together... I guess.
This place has all the class of the heavily-themed room you'd wait in while in line for a Finding Nemo roller coaster at Six Flags.  It felt downright weird being there nicely dressed on a date, like I should be wearing shorts and a t-shirt and have two kids with me (though I'd have to borrow them).  I imagine the servers would be in bright little fisherman outfits, and the dishes would be named after famous sea creatures ("The Moby Dick Burger" and "Captain Jack's Fish Sticks" maybe).
And you know what?  That all *sucks.* Because the food was pretty good!  
- Fathom Fries: a seafood-based poutine, consisting of a huge serving of fries with a bunch of crab meat, all soaked in a crab gravy and seasoned with Old Bay.  Nice and spicy, delicious, and calorie free!  (ok so that last part isn't true)
- Truffled Skate Frites:  Skate and truffles are two of my favorite things, so this one was a quick decision for me.  The skate was perfectly tender, crispy on the outside, with a big pat of truffle butter on each slice, and would have felt right at home in the classy dark-bar atmosphere this place deserves, or the Route-6-esque crab-shack atmosphere which would have also worked.  The plate is enormous, and comes with an absurdly large amount of truffle fries with shredded cheese (particularly after the Fathom Fries as an appetizer).  The truffle was everywhere.  The only downside was a lack of acid on the skate, but I squeezed a bunch of lemon on it and that did the trick.  There was no salt on the table... which makes sense at a place serving this level of food, but doesn't make sense in a theme restaurant like this. 
- Fried Oyster Tacos:  Two nice little tacos with three fried oysters each, crispy but not over-fried, plus some pickled veggies and some sauce for heat.  I could have used a little more acid in the tacos, but again lemon did the trick (I like a lot of acid with my seafood).  This also came with a generous mound of fries.
The meal was very tasty, and in general the price felt right... except spending $120 for two in a place that feels this class-less inside felt wrong.  My fiancee almost didn't order a second glass of wine, not because she felt the wine wasn't worth the $10 price tag, but because she felt strange ordering a $10 glass of wine in this setting.
Again, I am not a person that typically cares about decor all that much.  But the vibe in this place made this meal of very solid food a bizarre and uncomfortable experience.
I just hope that one day Stollenwork's fantastic food makes its way to the stable, classy restaurant it deserves.Good food, fun, casual setting, reasonably priced (for seafood). We went here on a nice day, the big doors were open, so one could eat and watch the South Street goings-on. We ordered the crab boil and the crab poutine, which was enough to feed the three of us, for about $75. Though I'm not a crab specialist, I know what tastes good, and all the crab did.My husband and I shared the Old School boil, and it was delicious.  The corn and kielbasa went well with the Maryland blue crabs. However, I found the service staff to be exceptionally friendly and helpful.  I requested a mixture of minced ginger, vinegar, and sugar for my crab, and the waiter was so courteous and diligent in checking for the type of vinegar and the right proportions.  The other waitstaff were all smiles and seemed eager to please.I went here on the recommendation of my boss. I brought my girlfriend. I had never had crab before this. I got the crab cakes and they were phenomenal. The waiter serving us was super nice. I will go back. I highly recommend itI finally made it here a few weeks ago. I read the reviews on yelp, so I had made it a eventual plan to try this place out, especially after here they had  $1 oysters happy hours. 
It's a cozy place, not over the top nor divish. It manages to have that perfect combination of bar/restaurant without trying to hard. It was quiet when we went so the staff was attentive. Started off with a few beers and oysters. The west coast oysters were nice but the east coast didn't have much flavor.  Next i got the clam chowder and that was simply awesome, so much better than my entree, which was the crabcake BLT. While I will say the crabcake was very good, it just didn't mesh well with the huge pieces of unseasoned sourdough and smoky bacon. So whenever i head that way again, I'd try something else. My dinner company tried the lobster roll, but i cant say she was impressed, while my other friend got the House burger, which seemed to be pretty good in thier opinion.
Overrall, I did like this place and i would recommend it for anyone in the area who'd liked a seafood fix.My husband and I go out once a year on his birthday for crab legs. We've tried divey hidden places down the shore to Chickie's and Pete's in the city. Nothing has come close to Headhouse Crab and Oyster Co. The Crab Kingdom was enough to feed 3 people and it was, by far, the BEST crabs we've ever had. The Fried Calamari was also extremely delicious and crispy. Our bill for 3 beers, appetizer and enough crabs to feed an extra person was only $100 which was slightly less than I was expecting to pay. 
I read the  other reviews concerning the decor of this place, so I was very curious to see it for myself. I have no idea what these people (who seem like they may have been there together) were talking about. I thought the decor was very normal and totally appropriate for a seafood place.There are few places where the seafood catches me (get it? Nevermind lol). This place.. This place is all that and a dozen oysters! So here's what we had:
1) 6 Chunu oysters - buttery and delicious
2) 6 cherry stone clams - my first time eating raw clams, and they were soooo yummy!
3) seared scallops that were perfectly cooked, and the cauliflower that accompanied them was really delicious!
4) fried skate with truffle fries - okay... This is where my life changed. The skate is a flat whitefish, and I was not ready for how delicious it was!! The truffle fries?! Foodgasm. Just sayin'
5) 4 whole blue crab - okay, they are local and we had to try it, but all that work for that little bit of meat was a one time thing. It was good, but not life alteringly so.
I mean... WOW. The food was top notch, and the service was polite and efficient, but not overbearing. Chris was the best server, and he tells it like it is. I am glad we took his recommendations!! 
This was my first meal in Philly since... Well in a long time lol. So glad we came here. Do yourself a favor and have some good beer with your meal. The Ommegang was a nice, refreshing beer ;)We went out with a group of 7 and we tried 3/4 of the menu. Everything we tasted was delicious. Broiled fish amazing. Scallops, crab cakes, lobster Mac and cheese, lobster roll, lobster grilled cheese,  and the boil. Everyone at the table raved about their food. This was a first for me usually someone doesn't love their meal but tonight everyone loved it . Staff was kind and friendly. Atmosphere was nice old city charm in a new family favorite we will be  back again real soon.They really need to work on the front of house!! Bad welcoming altogether. The Hostess was not exactly knowledgeable. There were  empty seats every where, but we were told food would take 40 minutes or more. She almost convinced us to leave, since the kitchen was so backed up, but we sat at bar anyway and ordered.... it only took 15 to 20 minute tops!!!  It didnt end there ...The bartender was a little overwhelmed. They only have 1 bartender for the entire restaurant!  He wasnt very knowledgeable of.the oysters or pricing and not completely professional,  we actually saw him turn customers away...he wasnt completely rude i think just a bit overwhwlemed. We just expected more based on the good reviews on yelp. I think service is extremely important. And overall the service was just not good. The food .and shooters ended up to be pretty good but service made us almost skeptical to order in first place and maybe go back.Went for happy hour. Buck a shuck oysters that were very fresh , cold and tasty.  Also, had a crab leg boil for $10 during happy hour only. Received a big bowl of snow crab, dungeness and king crab legs (no bodies, legs only) in a wonderful broth , excellent.  Also, had the crab cake and fried brussels sprouts ( hugh portion,) the whole fried Porgy and garlic green beans. The staff is very friendly and just a nice bunch of people.Yeah so I can in today thinking oh nice this place looks great inside and the good smells amazing ... Walking I talked to the hostess she sat us done at a dim table with no utensils and no plates 
Oh and the guy was a horrible and slow waiter I don't know if today was busy or not but his head was in the cloud he keep forgetting our drinks and food that we would ask him multiples times .. And whenever we would need something he would
Take forever to come back and service us .. 
The food was too salty and not just leaves a bad after taste .. Oh you know how they would give you bread and butter at the table with you first sit down as a complimentary well it's not they charge us for it .. 
So there is no returning for meDavid
You did it again. An unbelievable meal. Coming from the crab state of Maryland, you are by a long shot, so much better.  Our go to place when in Philly. Anyone coming here will not be disappointed.Tuesday-Saturday happy hour 5:00 - 6:30 Sunday 2-4 and again 8-10 with $1 oysters $2 off select draughts - $5 house red & white wine by the glass - $5 well drinks. Late night Fri/Sat 10-11!My husband and I  went to this restaurant a week ago while visiting Philadelphia.  Our food service was slow, but not do to the waiter he was attentive. Seemed weird to wait 45 minutes fwhen we  arrived and left the place was  an empty restaurant on a slow Tuesday evening.  When our dishes did arrive they were lukewarm. We had four oysters, lobster roll( it was odd only one piece of bread with lobster on top.  fried clams and a crab cake. All of the food  tasted good but portions were small and we felt they were overpriced.Got the Crab Kingdom, popcorn shrimp in garlic mayo sauce, and the lobster Mac and Cheese, which comfortably fed 4 people with barely enough room for key lime pie and brownie a la mode dessert.  Crab Kingdom comes with 3 kinds of crab legs, corn, potatoes, and kielbasa. There was silence at the table as we worked through this masterpiece. At first we thought it wouldn't be enough to feed us all, but it was a satisfying portion, especially since we got the delicious lobster Mac 'n Cheese. Food here's not cheap, but it's pretty darn good.  Would probably opt for skipping the dessert next time and trying the famous oysters.We came here on a whim on a Thursday evening. No problems getting a table. Server was new, but did give us some input on the menu items. We started with some sharing of oysters. Second course was Baby Frisee salad and Maryland Crab Chowder, both were very tasty. The chowder was very flavorful and rich. It could have used a little more lump cab meat, but the flavor was still there. For our mains there was the Truffled Skate Frites which was well cooked. In my opinion I could have done without the truffle oil, but my fiance loves the stuff. I had the snow crabs. The buttery old bay broth described on the menu, is just that. I did everything in my power NOT to drink the whole bowl.We were in town with family for four days and spent a fair amount of time looking into where to eat.  We made a reservation here for Christmas Eve.  The place was about half filled and the atmosphere was nice. We started with an oyster shooter with tequila.  It was great.  Kids had lobster grilled cheese which was insanely good and decadently rich with tons of tail meat and fontina cheese..we also had several mahi mahi tacos which were great, peel and eat shrimp, another hit, and then oysters wrapped in bacon which were also a hit as were mussels with tons of chopped smoky chorizo..finished with cherry cheesecake snd flourless choc cake with ice cream..all in all a wonderful experience...we will be back!Kind of sub par.
came here and there was not a sole in the restaurant and she asked me if we had reservations. For real? its absolutely dead in here just give me a freaking table for 5. 
The menu options here aren't that great and are pretty limited. We got the fathom fries which they tried to call a Poutine - it was hella skimpy and nothing even close to it. Wouldn't call that lump crab more like specks and there was hardly any cheese or sauce.
I got the whole fried Porgy which ended up being a tad bit on the oily side which was just gross. THe fried brussel sprouts came out black and pretty much charred not fried. The old bay fries were incredibly salty.
This place isn't worth it at all
Oh and did I mention there was a hair in our food and the wait staff didn't even know what to do. Rude!Went to a Christmas dinner and this place rocked. It is very unpretentious and inexpensive( no sure why). I mean a 5 course dinner for $28 and every bite was great- from the crisp and fresh salad to the light tiramisu... My drinks were well prepared with a nice balance. The only dish that was slightly oversalted was the mussels but that was still fine as the mussels were really plump and fresh( I don't even care for mussels, but ate each and every one of them).They should really charge more. Everyone was really helpful and friendly-from the hostess to every server. Will recommend to all my friends! Great job!This place is having a serious identity crisis! 
We walked into a lovely greeting in what looked like an casual but upscale-ish bar. After the host said, follow me, we were all of a sudden whisked to what felt like a seafood TGI Fridays! Now, don't get me wrong, I have no issue with TGI Fridays but it was very confusing and felt wrong. It felt even more wrong after they gave me my smallish $10 glass of wine. Yes, the wine was delicious but it seemed a bit pricey for the sizer and for a place with had cheesie under the sea art work, colored lights, a giant industrial size fan in the corner and TGI Fridays tables. They two just did not work together. 
Now onto the food...
We had the fathom fries/ seafood poutine, some oysters, the skate frites and the oyster tacos. I have to say, the food was yummy. No complaints. It wasn't outstanding but it was solid. What wasn't great, again, were the prices. I have to say, I'm not one to normally complain about the price of a meal but for a meal that with tip cost $120, I expect a little more class and sophistication. 
All that being said, I think there's potential but they just need to decide what they're going to be. I just can't get behind prices that steep when I feel like I'm at some sort of chain seafood joint.came here for the blue crab. they were wonderful, naturally sweet and well seasoned with old bay.
other items were just as lovely, I could recommend the blue bay mussels, u-peel jumbo shrimp, and flat iron steak (for your friends that aren't big on seafood).
highlights of the night were definitely the raw bar oysters. we got an assortment of all the east coasters because I'm a fan of a brinier flavor and they were some of the freshest and best I've had.
check out the buck a shuck happy hour they have during the week and late night on weekends.
outdoor picnic table seating was perfect for a cool summer night and the decor of the restaurant was rather cute imo. I really enjoyed myself. I'll definitely be back for the blue crab boil and oysters. I really hope this place doesn't close.It's hard to argue with buck-a-shuck oysters! I also highly recommend the calamari appetizer. Unlike some places where it comes out rubbery and difficult to chew, the calamari at Headhouse is the perfect consistency and texture. Now consider the peppers they pair it with and the delicious white sauce they use, and it becomes magic in your mouth. 
The real treasure of Headhouse is Katie Loeb behind the bar. She's a master mixologist and makes you feel right at home as soon as you sit down. Plus, you can always trust that her food and beverage recommendations will be amazing!Good beer list.  Fantastic raw bar.  Calamari was awesome.  Both entrees were also very good (fried oyster tacos, lobster grilled cheese).  The servers could not have been more accommodating.  Great happy hour deal for oysters.  And...were very kid friendly.  Great to see a good addition to South Street and the neighborhood.I ordered some steamed crabs, garlic string beans, and fries. The crabs had absolutely no flavor and were really small. I struggled to get any meat out of them. The string beans were sitting in a pool of oil/butter so I literally had to scrape each one off before I ate it. The fries were alright. My bill was pricier than I would have liked, and I was still hungry afterwards. There are plenty of tables at this place so it is good for groups, but I won't be back.This place was totally empty on a nice Thursday night. I was very skeptical. We were the only table there. I got a dozen of 2 different kinds if oyster. They were clean, chilled and delicious. I ordered the mussels as an app. The sauce stuck to the mussels and not the just the shell and I was impressed with that an the flavor. Mussels were on the small side. I ordered the crab boil. Guess what? I wasn't let down. The legs were hearty an tasty. I had a cocktail and surprisingly priced below the neighborhood standard. I would recommend this place.It was my second time trying oysters and I surprisingly liked them. If u are the beginner try the east cost oysters. I've also got the blue bay mussels and they where good but not the best I ever tried. Lobster roll was ok, the fries a little over cooked . I really liked the staff, nice and friendlyDavid R., you are correct.  Updating to 3 stars.  The menu was not to my taste, but others should give it a try.We came in. With four people.  We see a bunch of open tables.  The weightless told us there is a 20 minute wait.  One we got seated it took another 15 minutes just for a waiter to come see us.  Waste of time.  For that reason alone I give one star rating.Everything was tremendous. Crab legs were way better than Chickies. I feel bad that it was kind of empty. For as good as it was, it should be more crowded. Good service too.Excellent service, beautiful surroundings, very comfortable and delicious crab dinner!Had dinner around 6:30pm. The restaurant was quiet, the staff were friendly, and attentive.  I would definitely start off with the steamed muscles and lobster grilled cheese.  I would ask for the celery on the grilled cheese to be left off next time (not needed).  It's amazing otherwise. The raw oysters were fresh and cold. The fried / broiled crab cakes are all meat and no filler.  The key lime pie was a nice finish to a great meal. I will be back.I'm not a fan of seafood but got dragged here by seafood lovers.  Lobster grilled cheese was great and really liked the seafood boil.  Crablegs kielbasa and corn was so good I think its silly people in the city would ever go to Joe's.  
Not completely sure why this part of south street has turned into a bit of a deadzone since its at the intersection of Queen Village and Society Hill.  But I think a lot of the locals who probably weekend at the shore would be really shorting themselves if they didn't at least give this place a try or two.After reading the tremendous reviews I had to check this place out. Upon entering the host and waiter were very friendly offering info and recommendations on the menu. The restaurant is a bit all over the place to me. The bar area has an upscale feel while the rest of the restaurant is more laid back with booths and tables in the back and picnic tables in a side dining area. The mussels were served in a classy white bowl while the fried clams were served in a red basket ala roadside clam shack.
In the end though, its all about the food. We started with the fried clams, a new menu addition, and they were really great. The seasoning on the batter was great and the remoulade was excellent. This was the highlight of the meal. We had the coconut, lemongrass, curry mussels next which were good although very small. My wife and I split the crab cake BLT for an entree; this sounded way better on paper. The crab cake was fine but it was totally overpowered by the smokey bacon. I know, it sounds crazy, but the combo didn't work. We did leave completely stuffed and I thought the prices were fair but in the end it was just okay.Nice decor, modern, large, and a friendly bartender who made us special drinks.  Very very cool!  Even the other customers were easy to talk to.  Maybe that's because one of our party was an attractive young woman, but hey, the vibe seemed great here.
We didn't dine here, but had a great time at the bar.Was so glad the boyfriend picked this place for us. Came in the past Sat 3/22 and I must say that I will make this place a regular place of mine. Fried calamari was some of the best I've ever had with a tasty garlic sauce spread out over it made if to die for. Boyfriend had a lobster mac and cheese and Maryland crab soup and it was great. Also the couple we were with loved the garlic clams and $1 oysters. Had a great bartender Phil who was really busy but still made us feel like we were the only customers there. Made an Ebony and Ivory martini that is a chocolate lovers dream and recommended some awesome beers to my boyfriend and our friends who were along with us. The place is beautiful inside and has a cool casual vibe. And a happy hour later at night on a Sat is unheard of but a cool deal.  Can't wait to come back and try some other stuff.