I love  the acts bought to this place what I don't like is the way ticket holders were treated this New Year's Eve. Let me first preface this by saying I purchased my ticket as soon as the NYE headliner was announced.I decided that this year because I was going by myself and not staying in town like I did last year when I came to Helium and  saw their midnight show I would purchase a general admissions ticket..This year II received an invite in my email for free food before the show. I decide to skip that and just head on out to the 8p show. I arrived at 730p and was told to wait outside because I had a general admission ticket not a reserved ticket . Hence the process of being treat like a red headed step child begins.Why was I not greeted and told to sit at the bar? The girl who checked my ticket was very dismissive and handed me  ticket back and walked away. I knew right then and there this place had over booked and was trying to work around it.When they finally let us in  Three young girls and a the male they were with  tried to push their way ahead of the people in line. I loudly reminded them they needed to get behind the 3 people ahead of me  I was given a corner seat while reserve seats went unfilled.I asked the usher  to change my seat 2 times.He seemed annoyed. The good part. The headline  comedian was smart enough to observe unfilled seats and he let a couple that were jammed in the corner come up front and sit in those seats. My drink was decently made.The salsa  and chips I ordered was not .They went  untouched. As I said before the acts bought to this place are decent... but seating system sucks and once again we have a case of management that does not have a clue how to organize and run an event  for a busy night. Oh yeah one more thing we were given a free pass to visit back on a Weds or Thursday night. Only the big acts play on the weekends. If anyone wants the pass let me know.I've been here about a dozen times over the past couple of years. It's always a fun night. I don't actually follow a lot of famous comedians, so almost every time I've gone to Helium it's because my friends and I just felt like going out for some laughs. For that, it has always delivered.
-The $5 amateur open mic every Tuesday night is a bargain! You see about 20 aspiring comedians, from polished regulars to nervous first timers - it is really a grab bag. There is still the 2-item minimum but we usually either just make that our dinner, or plan drinks and dessert there. The open mic night is never crowded either, and as I assume most the audience is the comedians' friends/family, the atmosphere is pretty supportive and good-hearted. Drawback to this is if you go frequently, you'll end up seeing a lot of the same people doing the same jokes.
-Food is OK, nothing noteworthy or unusual but it is satisfying and generously portioned. My only gripe is the salsa served with the nachos tastes like it came out of a jar. I do like to order something like nachos that will last a while, as a diversion in case things get awkward on stage.
-Service can be uneven. It's really nothing to ruin my night or keep me from returning, but I can almost count on something going wrong each time. Once I asked for an extra glass of water that was never brought. Once I asked for no jalapenos on my nachos, but there were jalapenos on my nachos. Once I asked for honey mustard for my chicken fingers, and got no sauce at all. And seems like there's almost always an issue with the checks. No matter how many times my friend and I have asked for separate checks, we are still brought a combined check or one time, separate checks but with our items mixed up and we still had to shuffle cash around. Now I always just bring cash so I can pay my friend back if necessary. Actually the last time I was there, everything went smoothly (knock on wood?).
-Also, based on experience I strongly suggest viewing the menu in advance and ordering EVERYTHING you think you'll want ALL AT ONCE, even any desserts or additional drinks. Don't count on being able to order anything additional mid-show. It's not like a restaurant where your server keeps checking on you. You'll definitely see a server at least 4 times: once before the show to order, once to bring your order to the table, once to bring your check near the end of the show, and once to collect payment. Whether you see them at any other times may depend on how busy it is and how big the crowd is. This is actually OK with me because I don't want to be interrupted a bunch of times during a show, but it is something to be aware of.
-Crowdedness - The ramp/hall to get from the main entrance down to the performance area can be a bottleneck before and after bigger shows. The showroom is packed as close as possible during popular shows too, so you may end up sharing your tiny table with strangers.
-Prices - average I guess, I usually end up spending between $25-35 on about 3 items. The fancy cocktails are around $9-11 but they are tasty and strong.
-Temperature of the showroom is always on the cold side in my opinion so bring a sweater.
-Don't get caught using your phone during the show, especially not in the front row, unless you want to get heckled! I've seen this happen and it was sooo awkward.
Overall a fun time, especially if you know what to expect before you go.Todd Glass was horrible. An angry man who has lost all relevance. I don't need a 20 minute dissertation about how to listen to your set. A ton of shtick and boring jokes, even the two piece band looked like they were falling asleep. We decided to leave halfway through because we enjoy comedy and he was strangling it to death. Other than that the service was great and we will be back just never to see Todd Glass.If I'm not going somewhere strictly for food and drinks, I generally find it hard to write a review about it.  I'll make the exception here because I've frequented this place a few times over the past month due to all sorts of events I get lured into by marketing emails.
Don't fret about the 2 drink minimum- it's really a 2 item minimum, so last night I got coffee and apple cobbler.  The apple cobbler was actually super delicious but I've heard mixed reviews about the other food (overpriced and bland).  Drinks are reasonably priced, nothing out of the ordinary- just don't expect any types of happy hour specials or deals cause they don't have any.
The waitresses are really, really on point.  I feel the need to stress that because at venues like this, they can easily get lost in the crowd and avoid you for most of the night.  But here, especially during large events (last night's was a live taping), they made sure to staff enough people so as to accommodate everyone.  And they didn't miss a beat.  I hardly ever had to flag our girl down and she was very quick and quiet so we didn't miss the performances. 
For the acts themselves, the stage is tiny and the seating is too close for comfort, but I've never had a bad time here.  The quality they churn out of this place is unexpected and fresh.  You might get a few bad seeds from time to time, but the emcees (who are usually funnier than the real acts) know how to loosen up the crowd and lighten the mood.
The venue itself is dark and outdated, but there's a nice lounge outside the viewing area to grab a drink or two before and after the performances (plus strike up a conversation with the comics!)  The swanky lighting and layout fools you into potentially turning your weeknight dinner and a show into a drunken all-nighter, so be forewarned.Check in correction: headliner was jimmy pardo (not Bobby). My first time at the venue. I love the venue--very inmate and caters to the idealistic comedy club idea. The service could've been A LOT better but it seemed to be a fluke that the server in our section was MIA compared to others. I'd definitely go back.This place blows. Came here for a show. Started off with some drinks and food. Drinks sucked, food sucked, service was horrendous. Once our server dropped off our food and drinks, she disappeared. No where to be found. They have a 2 drink minimum but how am I suppose to order another drink if there's no one to take my order!??  The last comedian in the show was so terrible we wanted to leave to hit up a bar. About 10 minutes prior to the show ending, our magician server reappeared. We asked for the check but she refused to get it bc "they were not allowed" to close tabs during the show. WTF is that BS?!? The show finally ended, I closed my tab and spent about 20 min with the manager explaining to him how shitty our server and experience was. Apparently I could have went to the bar to close my tab, of course our server didn't tell us that. The manager was very nice and tried to comp me with freebies. I declined bc I have no intention to ever return here.Great venue for comedy. The place is pretty spacious with two bars in the front to lounge in until the show starts. All seats have a good view of the stage and there is no echo to throw off sound. The food is nothing to write home about and drink prices a little steeper than I am used to but nothing too terrible.Great little comedy joint in the heart of the city. There's not really get a bad seat in the house--a nice view from all angles. There's a sign that says two-drink min. but they don't really check so sit back, relax and enjoy the show. Plus, the food here is pretty good too. 
Beware it can get crowded and if you're seeing a show that's running Thurs-Sat.--go on Thurs, the tickets are usually the cheapest!I only can't give 5 since I did not see a show but I can't wait to. Was in town with Craig Robinson and the Nasty Delicious and the staff, venue, vibe, food, drinks, and all the rest was amazing. Made me proud to be from Philly and I can't wait to get back to support some local acts. helium you rock such a great night!I enjoyed the show at Helium, however, the "security" is rude and awful. My friends and I were enjoying the show and laughing and this representative of the Helium Establishment came up to us twice about "talking"... We were laughing at the show. He ruined the show for us and I may never come to an event here again. It's a shame that Helium cannot employ people that know what comedy is and permit people to enjoy the event. This person was a nuisance and ruined my night.Helium's a great place to catch a swell comedy act, as we did when the Sklar Bros were in town.  Tickets were purchased online, and we opted to pick them up early, scoring what they call "A" tix, their way of rewarding the early pick-ups with priority seating.  If you're a tiny person like me, don't worry about not being able to see the stage since the mainstage room has views from just about every corner.  Be prepared to stack on top of each other at the centre tables though.
The main act was obviously a riot.  The opening local acts were equally great and I'm glad to see Helium's huge on supporting the local talent in the city.  Staff was super friendly without being an annoyance during the show.
We had the mac and cheese trio (meh), hot alcoholic coffees (passable), and brownie dessert (yum).  Would definitely recommend eating elsewhere prior to the show and fulfilling the two-item requirement with dessert and drinks.  That way, the booze glasses help out with a potentially dud show.2 item minimum per individual.. but they didn't charge a fee if you didn't meet it. Drinks bought at the bar does not go towards the 2 items.I will NEVER patronize this establishment again.  I have held 2 major corporate events at this comedy club giving thousands of dollars n both times when i bring individual persons there to enjoy a show it was problems.  You can laugh at the jokes but dont laugh too loud or the low budget security threatens to throw you out.  I could not believe it.What started off as a happy/fun night was ruined by the waitress in our section.
A few minutes before the auditorium doors opened I got a cocktail for me and my wife. We were escorted to our reserved seats drinks in hand. Soon after we were seated our waitress (who seemed nice at the time) took our order for a cheese plate. The cheese plate was nothing special with a few grocery store type cheeses (Swiss, cheddar, etc.). 
Halfway through the headliners act the waitress said we needed to order three more items because there is a two item minimum per person. I pointed at our two drinks and she said "I didn't ring those up, the cheese plate counts as one item, so you'll have to order three more things". I was fuming mad...I already purchased three items from this establishment and would have been happy to purchase one more. 
My advice to anyone going to Helium...DON'T PATRONIZE THE TWO BARS OUTSIDE THE MAIN AUDITORIUM.
Greed and vague policies are not the best way to woo customers.Tonight was my first night at Helium. Before heading out I read the reviews here and was admittedly a little hesitant because there are quite a few dauntingly negative reviews. My experience was to the contrary. I got to the show a half hour early with reserved setting. We had a party of 8 and were only 3 rows back, dead center. Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and didn't leave me waiting when I was finished with my beer. The host, Conrad Roth, was extremely funny as well as the opener Stephen (who I am racking my brain to remember his last name). Adam Ferrara killed it and there was a great vibe in the entire audience. I am definitely going again.We went for Todd Glass' annual return to Philly and enjoyed the show very much.  Luckily, we were seated up front so we got to occasionally be in the show.  I must admit, my addiction to my iPhone was cured during this trip.  I was caught texting and Todd was sure to comment on it - addiction cured.
The food will fill you up and that's sufficient as it's a comedy club not a top tier restaurant.  I had the Chicken and Avacado Panini which met my needs to have something to go with my Dogfish Head brews.  Overall a good spot and definitely a great place to catch a comedian.I've been here three times now. I saw Rob Riggle, Charlie Murphy, and now J.B. Smooth. I've liked the comedians, so they do a good job of getting in talent. The staff have been friendly. Not a fan of the cattle lines they make in getting people seated, but I've not had a bad seat yet. So there you go. Not sure if part of getting a good seat is feeling like a cow ahead of time. May be. The reason for three stars is that something about the atmosphere doesn't cut it for me. Can't put my finger on it but it is there. Compare the Improv in DC. That place has a good vibe. So, go for the comedians but don't expect the best audiences or the best atmosphere.I like things that make me laugh. I like people who make me laugh and I like places where I can laugh...a lot. For these reasons, I really really like Helium. After having been to comedy clubs in New York City and more recently in Boston (ok, a theater not a club but still...), I've learned that what I really want out of a comedy show (in addition to the comedian) is the ability to get up and pee and a decent drink list...Helium has what I need. Where places like Comedy Cellar and Wilbur Theater pack their guests in like sardines, Helium offers you your own table with room to scoot if you must (even if you're sharing the table with other guests). Where Carolines offers $15 cocktails, you can still get a reasonably priced craft beer at Helium for under $7. Where other comedy clubs require a 2-drink minimum per person, Helium has a 2-item minimum so if you're a soda drinker and appetizer nosher you still meet the criteria. The place could use a better traffic flow as the doors get jammed up for general admission and trying to get to the bathroom from the bar is damn near impossible, but otherwise a pretty sizable space for enjoying yourself both in and out of the theater. It's great that many comedians choose to step out of the theater after the late show to meet and greet guests and more often than not last minute tickets are able to be purchased at the door so if you're looking for a fun weekend event check their lineup and get ready for a good giggle.Love this place. Been here twice, its run very well. Good staff. The acts are as good as you'll find anywhere. 
Good clean venue. Tables and seating offer good sight lines and room for drinks and food.My first time at Helium to see J B Smoov.
Pros: Intimate setting so there's really no seat in the house that's bad.  Considering how full the house was, the servers were really good at bringing us drinks and snacks during the show without being intrusive.
Cons: Intimacy can be good, but also means you are sitting on top of each other inside the club.I live pretty close to the city.  I have been here more than 10 times.  I've seen comics such as Joe Rogan, Bert Kreischer, Norm MacDonald, Dave Attell, Greg Proops, etc.  They have some pretty big names come through here.  This comedy venue is extremely intimate because of the size.  It's pretty incredible to be able to see your favorite comedians in an environment like this.  I will say, I have had the privilege of sitting either front row or second row every time.  This may skew my idea of the room, as there is not much to complain about when you have seats that close.  Helium makes you purchase two drinks as a minimum which is fairly standard.  The food is pretty good.  All around, I think this place is really good and I will continue to come here.Great experience here.  Drinks were well made food was good and decent pricing. Quaint, intimate seating.  Will be going back soon$5 dollar open mike night? Awesome!  
Very intimate seating and small stage really makes you feel that you are with the comic instead of wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy far awayyyyyyyyyyy as some of the larger venues that the bigger acts play. 
Required 2 item minimum.  I wondered what would happen if I didn't meet that, would I get kicked out?  I didn't really see the staff pressuring anyone to make sure they get those 2 things in.   I went with the French Kiss ( Kahlua, amaretto, hot coffee and hot chocolate) and the mac & cheese trio.  I wasn't really impressed with the mac and cheese.  Not for $10.  But they definitely have other things on the menu that if I ever go back, I would be fine.I have to agree with DJ...who cares about the food. Be glad they even have any for you to munch on. Its a comedy club. C-O-M-E-D-Y. 
Anyway as far as COMEDY clubs go this is probably the best one I've visited in multiple states. The door price is usually around $25 and $30 if you want reserve seating near the front. They have a great area to hang if you are going to the 10:30pm show and the 8pm hasn't let out yet. If the 10:30pm show is sold out you might have to stand but whatever. Its standing. It not riding a unicycle. 
They are quite efficient at seating people once the doors open. The main room has a great layout and no matter where you are you have a good view of the stage. I would say the room holds about 250 people comfortably. The service has always been very nice and very fast. The drinks are also reasonably priced. Some comedy clubs will bang you over the head with drink prices. Our bill after 6 Grey Goose / cranberry and an order of spinach dip was $42. That to me is a good deal.  
We were there once again on Saturday to see Laurence Mullaney and Kevin Brennan. Helium's shows have never let us down. They always have top notched acts. 
My only complaint about Helium is their website. They only list the headliners and never the supporting acts. I don't know why that is. I might just go out if I know a decent support guy is up there...but I can never get that info from the website.I like to go to standing comedy show. I have been ones in NYC and LA only before coming to this once. 
From my past experience, comedy clubs were very pushy with minimum purchase. They were kept asking if I order another drink to have 2 drink minimum.  It's their rule so I was fine with it. 
At least this place did not have that push. Actually was so hard to order our bar snack lol because the venue was so full and so hard to get attention from waitress. Well it's very refreshing haha 
We went there for special guest Bobby Lee comedy show. He was funny as I expected. Thought the opening guy was even funnier though. 
Now I will go back there for Margaret Cho show next month. I am super excited!I like your comedy shows but HATE YOUR $2 minimum. I ALREADY PAID FOR THE SHOW!!First time I have been...I was there for the final day of Gary Owen's show...the first set at 7pm. The location was a bit warm (I had a tube top on and was warm) and the drinks could've been a bit stronger....I had 2 margaritas...came out happy and lightly buzzed...Horrible Horrible Horrible x1000! Do people not listen when you speak to them anymore? My husband's birthday was last week and a group of us all had plans to go to Helium for some laughter. I got home from work and pulled out my coupon for admission for 6 to Helium on Wed or Thurs (I received it from a silent auction during Taste of the Nation). My husband reread the terms and it stated "Reservations are required" Crap!! 
So I get on the phone and said "Tonight is my husband's birthday and my entire party is on their way to your club to celebrate. I did not know reservations are required until I just reread the coupon. Would I still be able to make reservations for tonight?" Guy over the phone says that I could and takes down my information and then tells me to not be there any later than 7:30 as the show starts at 8. That was fine because we were planning on getting drinks and appetizers at the bar there. We arrive a little bit after 6:30 but before 7, and the door was locked and inside was pitch black. Ok....weird! So we went somewhere else to get some drinks. We came back at 7:30, and the same thing (locked and dark). Left again and came back at 8 (DARK AND LOCKED!!!!!) I called them that night, left a short message regarding what happened. I then opened the email confirmation the box office guy sent and he booked us for the following night! What happened when I said "tonight"? Why didn't he tell me there was no show tonight and they had something the next night?
The next morning, I tried calling again, and no answer again. So, I emailed them what happened. It's been 4 days and I have not received a call or an email back yet. No apology or anything! My husband's birthday was a game of waiting and leaving and waiting and leaving. Such a waste of time!Finally, a comedy club that brings in comics I like!  The place is clean and well-organized.  Unlike some comedy clubs, the tables and chairs have room to move; they don't pack people like sardines.  Instead of a 2-drink minimum, you have to order two items. You can get a drink and food, or--for those who don't drink--just have a snack and a beverage.
Even the locals who opened for the national act we saw were funny.  I was impressed.
You can also just stop into the bar for great happy hour specials.Of the comedy clubs I have visited in Philly, Helium is definitely my favorite. The performance space is very open with decent site lines and comfortable table seating (which is more than I can say for Laff House). There is also a bar with a small lounge area that makes for a great preshow/happy hour hang out space. Drinks are a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
It's usually not too packed on the weekdays, but there are decent acts almost every night. 
I recommend signing up for their email list if you are a fan of live comedy. They often send out 2 for 1 ticket offers which are valid for some decent national act shows. This makes the 2 drink minimum a little easier to digest.Good time, good laughs. Looooots of people. Tight space with people slightly cramped on, but still fun. 
Make sure to pick up your ticket at the box office first then get in line to get into the showroom. They don't accept confirmation emails at the doors, only tickets. You can reserve a seat if you book in advance. 
Line may be long so arrive early!Helium is a great comedy club. The layout is pretty atypical in that there is plenty of elbow room and all the seats seem to allow a great view of the stage. Drink and food prices are also atypically reasonable for a comedy club. 
During my first visit to Helium before the show started I noticed a big obnoxious high-fiving yuppie pile right up front and center. I could foresee an imminent conflict between these clueless dickholes and headliner Brian Posehn's "nerd rage" brand of comedy. After a few annoying interactions with the opening comedians, a burly bouncer kicked a couple of them right the fuck out. They weren't forcibly removed, but it was still pretty sweet.Very good selection of comedians every night as expected. Did there open mic night and tickets were only $5 at the door and were funny as hell. Good beer and food selection too!Some friends invited us to Helium with them, so they wouldn't have to share a table with some strangers.  The four of us set out and arrived two hours early to get our tickets.  We left to hit up food somewhere else and then came back.  A line formed to get in, but I don't know why people cared that much.  Almost everyone in the line, who were the first ones there had seats all the way in the back.  I'm not sure where the reserved tickets and general admission end, but we were off to the side.  There was a two item minimum at our table, but we easily met those requirements.  Drinks prices were alright.  The opening comedians were funny and the main event was enjoyable too.  A decent night out, but I'm in no rush to come back.  It's a lot of work to have a mediocre seat.  Maybe I'm spoiled by movie theaters and sporting events which assign you a seat ahead of time...Kahlua and cream was way, way too strong. Bartenders need to be trained. I don't know how the show is yet.comedian was....... whatever it was free. two item minimum. waitress tried to play me i ask for a water with my two food items and she was like trying to push me to buy a bottled water... I'm like tap honey... tap will work just fine.Saw Justin Wilman 9/30/16. The doorman was pleasant. He did his job and asked for ID's but was very nice about it, not rude in the least. The inside seemed simple but clean and cool looking. The box office people were pleasant too. One of the bartenders was a bit dismissive. Waiters and other staff were also pleasant. The showroom is larger than expected. Had an app, pizza and beer. The beer was good and the food was much better than expected at a comedy club. The opener was funny, solid. The middler was really funny and then Justin did a great job as headliner. The show ran very slightly overtime, which was fine. Waiting for Justin after the show at meet and greet no one tried to kick us out too quickly. All and all it was a very good experience. I'd go back and would recommend the club to others who want to have fun for 90 plus minutes.I've been here a couple times, once for a show by touring comedians, and once for an open mic night. Both were enjoyable. The audience area in the performance room is set up in the standard comedy club way, with small tables, chairs facing forward. The two-item minimum, while still annoying, is better than a two-drink minimum - diet sodas count, if you're trying to avoid alcohol/calories/spending money. I haven't tried the food, but it seems pretty generic. Would definitely rather eat before or after the show, in one of the many places in the area with better food. The service was fine - quick once the room started to fill up and mostly unobtrusive.Worst comedy club ever. .rude, terrible employees, who ruin the show..it's a straight money grab. .take your money then threaten to kick you out for talking at a whisper. .don't ever go here. .trust meThe space is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside. The layout is a lot like Caroline's on Broadway, and there aren't really any bad seats where you can't see what's going on. 
We were actually there on comped tickets, but still had to meet the two item per person minimum, and it was not a cheap night. The saving grace is that food is included, so you're not forced to get the drinks if you don't want. But get the drinks we did, and they were quite tasty, and not too stingy on the booze. I just don't know how I would've felt about it with the ticket price on top of it all.I visited this establishment to see a buddy of mine do amateur standup on 7/12/2014. Extremely dark, which makes it hard to see your menu BEFORE the show.  Ticket cost me at least $26 to see amateurs before their 5-minute stand up routine.  However, in addition you must also purchase a minimum of 2 items, which is at least $5 per item. I ordered a chicken pesto panini, which costs an exorbitant $11 (which includes fries). 
The second item I ordered was a bottle of Smirnoff Ice which cost $6.50. I ordered a beer that cost at least $6 in the bar area before the show, but apparently that didn't count toward the "mandatory" two-item purchase.  I put the "mandatory" in quotes because the young woman next to me didn't purchase anything and nothing was said or done about it.  How does this establishment enforce the two item rule?  I suspect they don't so in addition to paying a hefty $25+ to see amateurs do stand up, I paid an additional $20+ for food and drink.  I doubt I will go again, it's just not worth my time and money.   Also, the music in the bar area was way too loud, I couldn't hear myself think!I have been to two shows here are both were amazing! The tickets for national acts are between $26.00-$30.00+ per ticket.
The openers are usually local and really entertaining!! Their is a two item minimum per person in the dinning room. Be prepared for your evening to cost you around $100.00 for a party of two plus tip (tickets, food, drink etc) 
That being said.... it is totally worth it!! 
My fiance and I went to see Natasha Leggero months ago and last weekend we saw Ryan Hamilton!!
 I just found out they do a Saturday Night midnight show with 12 local comics called the dirty dozen for $12.00... I will definitely be checking that out!!!
The food is okay... I have enjoyed the appetizers more than the entrees. The spinach dip and boneless wings are pretty darn good on the spectrum of bar food! 
If you have never seen live comedy... do yourself a favor and check it out!!We went as a group of 12 with reserved seating. It was extremely tight in there. The staff was nice and was very observant about what was going on in the crowd and stopped any unnecessary talking and cell phone use. Our waiter was overwhelmed and the first round of drinks too so long to get, when he came back everyone ordered their next two rounds. It's a little pricey but that expected. 
Probably wouldn't go back but only because of the seating being so tight. 
The comedians were funny.Well, it's hard to give the actual place a solid rating...as I think the show(s) you go to has a lot  to do with your opinion of the place.  I have only been there once, and I would give infinite stars for the performer....Charlie Murphy! Seriously, he is amazing, and if you have a chance to go see him live, don't miss it!  That being said, they pull in some amazing artists if you keep watch on their venue.  As for the place itself, I am not sure that I would give it a whole 3 stars? ....There are all kinds of order minimums per guest (and considering I don't drink any alcohol or drink/eat anything that is not vegan it was annoying to HAVE to order 2 minimums and waste like $15 or whatever it was for 2 bottles of water I didnt want.  Also, the seats are not comfy...basic diner chairs.  We order our tickets ahead of time online, and were told we HAD to be there at least 30 minutes early, or our tickets would be up for sale.  what??? Didn't really get this logic.  They are already paid for, so they are trying to sell them twice if you are not 30 minutes early???I went to see a recording of Doug Loves Movies and was so excited! The bartender was great, our waiter was wonderful but then I pulled out my phone to take a photo of Doug Benson to send to my 11 year old son (not realizing I wasn't allowed to since they didn't say anything and it's not on the ticket confirmation) only to be yelled at and humiliated by a rude bouncer. Instead of saying "you aren't allowed to use your phone.." He yelled at me, stood over me while he watched me delete my photos and threatened me. So, I was about to tweet (without disturbing those around me) and he come over and threatened me again and told me to put my phone away - mind you...others were tweeting and snapping pics, but for some reason this man decided he wanted to bully a 40 year old mom. The manger was very nice and comped our drinks and gave me vouchers, but I only wanted an apology from the bouncer. I will never return again and gladly drive up to NYC instead to see Doug Benson. But, the way I was treated was horrible and I am not going to let it go since it ruined my time and those with me.We've been here a few times. The comedians are hilarious. We've seen a few top notch comedians there. The seating process is a disorganized disaster. They make you line up and wait especially if you are attending the later show. There are several bars where you can wait but there is just not enough seating so you end up standing. Once you are in the club, they pack you in and seat you with other people/couples/strangers. Despite being squished & hot, it's a great activity to do when you're in Philly because of they talent they get. We will go back.After my husband made 3 phone calls and left messages with the girl who answered he is still waiting for a call back from the manager. That was back in October!!!
My husband and I bought 6 tickets for Sebastien Maniscalco. Unfortunately, the 2 other couples were unable to go. As soon as we arrived we let them know and they said that if we gave the tickets to the door guys that they would sell them for us since it was a sold out show and Sebastian Maniscalco was popular. My husband agreed and handed over the tickets. They told him to check back to see if they sold, which he did about 10 minutes into the show. My husband was told that 2 sold and was given cash for the two tickets. Once again, he was told to check back to see if the remaining tickets sold. As this was going on, we were watching more people being let in and chairs being added to more tables. My husband went to check again and the guy tells him they did not sell. So my husband asks for the 2 tickets back, since we had paid for them. The guy refuses to give them back and makes up some BS story that the manager has them. So my husband asks to see the manager and surprise, she is not available. They tell my husband he will get a phone call. Well that never came so my husband called them... Manager was never in and never returned the repeated phone messages he left! Hey lady, we are still waiting for your call! We will never return to your business!The place is great...charming even.  But the management of tickets is not well handled. We were visiting Philly in December from Toronto...we lined up to see Gary Gulman & were told by the bouncer that all ticket & non-ticket holders have to line up. Then someone called out about reserved seats...which didn't help those of us who understand "online tickets"...after much confusion from the staff we were finally escorted into the right area...oh what a fiasco!!
Yes I agree the comedians are all great but the staff...well I beg to differ...I've been to a fair amount of comedy clubs and it's nice to see that Philly has one to be proud of. I just saw Marc Maron there and let me tell you, it was phenominal. 
The atmosphere is that of a comedy club, as in you get a bunch of people together to be entertained with a two drink minimum which then makes the live comedy happen. The crowd always adds something to the performance whether it be frustrating or just hilarious. If you see a real pro in their element, you'll get a richer experience. 
What can I say though, comedy is great and this is the place in town to find the big names.Helium is great!  They have diverse acts that come through, so there is something for everyone.  And they frequently offer big names as well as up-and-comers.  The process of getting tickets, arriving, and being seated is very organized, which I appreciate because I have been to other comedy clubs where it was more chaotic.  There is a 2 drink minimum per person which I have come to expect from comedy clubs, so I had no problem with that.  But that does mean that coming here for an evening of entertainment is not a cheap night on the town.  But all in all, a great experience and a neat place!I've been coming here for years. Never ever had a bad experience. I see a few negative reviews and really wonder WTF they are talking about??!!
Last night we seen Titus. I think last night was the first time in forever that our waitress was just OK. any other time the staff and management have been perfect.
Yes there is a 2 drink minimum, DUH you're at a club in the city! So for the peeps talking shit... Stay home. The drinks are priced fair for the city. 
The food is pretty decent for a comedy club. And if you're going there for a nice dinner and superb service... WAKE UP!! it's a fucking comedy club people!! You want some picky foods and drinks... That's what you get. 
You want a good time and good night out in the city, helium is it. You get to see head line comics in a raw, intimate setting. 
Oh yeah also had last minute plans cancel on New Year's Eve, they had a kick ass package that was great. Again great shows. Drinks are good, food decent. Like seriously have no fucking clue what the negative reviews are. 
Oh yeah parking right next door or right down the street. So again convenient as well. 
And NOOOO I don't know anyone that works there or anything like that. Just letting you know the deal 
Enjoy fuckers!The only thing that keeps this place from being a total flop is the staff - they are polite, courteous and professional. Thank you.
That being said, there are a few things to note before attending a show here:
1) Someone finally needs to stand up to this "two-item per person minimum" crap. It's immoral (and maybe even illegal?) to FORCE people to buy food/drinks.
2) Today it was in the mid 30's in Philadelphia - both outside and inside helium comedy club. Everyone was wearing their jackets in the club...there's no excuse for continuing to allow a public venue to operate in these conditions. Not only had the heat not been turned on, but the hot water wasn't working and they had no hot beverages (I know; I tried to order one to warm me up). Oh...and that brings me back to point #1 - I was forced to order something else since they had no hot chocolate/tea/coffee.
3) You'll laugh harder on Netflix. So much good free stuff out there. Don't waste your time/money on this place - they don't care about you.We purchased tickets on December 17, 2014 to see Margaret Cho on 3/1/15 with a group of friends. Having planned this months ago we were very excited when the day finally arrived but that excitement quickly ended upon arriving at will call. My partner gave his name and id and they could not find him in their system. The young lady explained to us that they had changed computer systems and had lost many orders but if we could prove we had purchased the tickets we could go in. Now this was on an evening when there was a rain storm which covered the city in ice so getting there was a challenge and then to encounter this was horrible. Since we could not produce a confirmation we were turned away while our friends went in. When we got home we pulled up the confirmation from email and called for a refund. It has now almost been a week and we have not heard back from management after leaving several messages. I could understand if this was our fault but knowing it was due to their system issues you would think they would have been more caring and responsive. Poor costumer service and poor management.Great comedy in a terrible setting.  I love comedy, and I like the performers we have heard at Helium.  That gets 5 stars.
However, the venue is terrible.  0 stars if there was such a selection.  Last Saturday, the usher sat us at a table so far in the back, my back was against the wall. I should have known it was going to be trouble when she apologized to us as she sat us. By the way, the house was not packed, we were not late, and there was plenty of good real estate left.  Anyway, we were seated at a small table with two other couples. That's right, six people, one table 18 inches or less in diameter, a burning candle, the two drink minimum (what's that about honestly?), in the dark. As you can imagine, during the show, the guy next to me bumped his drink, knocked the candle down to the floor and nearly started a fire in that fire trap.  I have candle wax all over my pants. Another thing, If you are going to have a requirement that your guests purchase two items, please vary the menu and get the food/drinks to us before the end of the show.  The food and drink selection for me is intolerable.  I give my two drinks to someone else at the table.  
There's a market in this city for a good comedy club. Let's get one that has great performers and treats its guests like they matter.Someone from Helium did finally contact me. :-) My email that was sent went to their junk mail area and the voicemail was never checked, but the person in charge of social media (I think?) contacted me and was xtremely nice. She was very appologetic.They are working to resolve the issue. I'm so glad that the people here do care about customers.
This review will be updated once more when I finally come back for a show! Can't wait for some laughter! :-)This is a cute little comedy club and they get some funny, funny people in here to perform.  The 2 drink minimum (you can get food in lieu of drinks) kinda sucks as it forces you to spend MORE money - but hey, that's kinda how it is.
Nicely run - we had fun and will return.
It's great to laugh!I always have a great time when I go here.  My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard everytime I go.  They always get a pretty solid comedian and the venue is pretty nice too. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars.  You have to order 2 things a person off of the menu and the food isn't great.  I would suggest eating somewhere before and then getting 2 drinks while you're there.  Great place that I would highly suggest though.I have been here several times, and each time it has been a pleasant experience. The staff here is extremely nice, even the security guards. Not to mention, the food is pretty decent for a small comedy club and at reasonable prices.Cool Place I like the atmosphere, not all the comedians were funny but overall a nice time.WORST COMEDY CLUB EVER. Treated like a child for laughing at the comedians. Every time someone in our group laughed, we were told we would need to leave if we didnt stop. I'm sorry, I thought this was a COMEDY CLUB. I have been to comedy clubs around the country and I am friends with quite a few performers (also one myself) and they all agreed that the HELIUM CLUB has a STICK UP ITS ASS. Don't ever go here if you want to have a good time. Overpriced, terrible food as well.Dark, intimate interior. Friendly staff. Two small bar areas for pre-show. Six to 10 beers on tap with some interesting choices. Showroom gets cozy to put it nicely. Quality acts.
Large Park America indoor garage a few steps away. $20 for Saturday night 4 hours.So far I have enjoyed everything that I have attended at Helium Comedy Club!  I'm a big fan of standup comedy so this is right up my alley and I love that they often have big names here!
The atmosphere they have created is perfect for stand up comedy!  It's really nitty gritty and has the feel of the videos they show of comedians before they're popular comedians.  The tables are really close together and it kind of feels like a dark basement.  I love it.  Be careful if you're in the first section though....you'll most likely be picked on!
I've only had the mozzarella sticks there but all of the food that I've seen come out looks really good!  They have a few beers but nothing too fancy and a list of cocktails.  Remember that there is a two drink-or-food minimum!
If you sign up for their e-mail list you can get tickets on sale so do that!It's hard to come and write a luke warm review of a venue where I saw a fabulous night of comedy. The service and club itself did not compare to the actual show. We arrived at the club around 9:15 for a 10pm show. We had drinks at the bar while waiting for the doors to open as 9:30 as we were told would happen. The early show ended up running late, nbd however, it became 10 minutes to showtime and there was still a line to get into the club. As we approach the club, we see the signs that say there's a two item minimum during the show. Again, fine because we were hungry and wanted drinks. Problem was that it was like pulling teeth trying to get a waitor's attention and when we asked the hostess if she could send one over, she snarled as she breezed right by us. We finally were able to put in our order as the show was beginning only to have the waitor come back and tell us they're out of spinach dip. This was in addition to being out of about 3 beers they had on tap. We settled for the mac and cheese trio. They food arrived promptly but the mac and cheese was a major disapointment. Their fancy trio turned out to be Kraft like with burnt bacon bits on one, french fried onions on another and maybe plain for the third? Not good.
I'd probably return to Helium to see a show because the comedy was great. I'd definitely skip the food next time around though.5 stars for Jon Lovitz, but 0 stars for the staff that must not need tips. 
They crammed us into some table because the show was clearly oversold.
2 drink minimum? You will be lucky if they come around in time.
Word of advice - drink before, eat before, and don't expect much service.My friend and I were kicked out before the main act and I have no clue why. We were sitting there and a bouncer came up and told us we had to leave. When we asked why they said we just had to leave. No reason given. We both paid $40 for reserved seats and couldn't even see the show and I have no clue why. I have spent hundreds of dollars at this place in the past but after this, I will never return here and I am going to make sure I tell anyone who mentions helium comedy club this story. 
I have NEVER been so disrespected by a company.Went Sat 8/19/17. Employees were very nice. Going solo netted me a seat close up front even once most of the place was full. I had a margarita which could have been a little stronger for $12 (10 with well tequila but i got Jose Cuervo) but was enough to pass by the couple of hours if sipped. The two item minimum did not bother me because I was aware of it before hand and therefore didn't make use of the bars in the lobby and waste money. Comedians were great!
Cons: Lobby was hot. No air conditioning, and very little circulation of air. Not sure if it's always like that or it wasn't working at the moment. Luckily, it was cool inside the showroom. Considering you should probably arrive within 45- 60 minutes before the show to get good seats you definitely notice the conditions while you wait. Despite the good staff, i had to take away two stars for how cramped the showroom space is! Seriously,  all the seats were so close together. I was bumping elbows and knees with strangers, I had to move my chair several times to accommodate the wait staff, and it wasn't the fear of getting ridiculed by the comics that kept me from going to the bathroom, it was the thought of annoying people twice to go and get back if i were to squeeze through chairs and excuse myself. It's seems like there was little thought in making people comfortable, but plenty to fit as many people in as possible.  I'm sure it's not bothersome to some but I couldn't frequent this place remembering how uncomfortable I was unless it was someone I was dying to see or i knew for a fact it wouldn't be crowded.  Finally,  after the show ended, we were told we could get in line and get pictures with the headliner, however, being seated at the far end of the showroom , away from the exit doors, meant i was one of the last people to leave. By the time I got out, the lobby was already full. Patrons were lining up for the next performance and it became a headache trying to find out where the line for entry ended and the meet and greet began. There was a bouncer who was rude and unhelpful when a few of us asked for help in getting to the right place for the meet and greet. Eventually i left because it wasn't worth it. Definitely could and should have been more organized to efficiently get people in and out. 
Overall, worth a one time shot if it's someone you really want to see, you have comped tickets, reserved seating, or you get placed in the area closest to the exit doors. But even if you don't have one of those things going for you, i think you owe it to yourself to laugh and find out if you can tolerate it,  butI just like to let people know what they're in for.Whoops - looks like I'm going to be the Debbie Downer that rates this place far below the average compared to the other Yelpers here.
I had high hopes for my first time at this highly-rated comedy club in Center City. I know there's one here and one in PDX - both successful - so I thought why not!? (Luckily, my friend had FREE tickets, because they frequently give them away since they never sell out, apparently). 
The opening guy was kinda funny, but its rumored that he says the exact same jokes, same punchlines, every single night. Great job as an MC though... way to go shawtie.
The first guy - Anton - was a hoot. He talked about weed, hookups, loans, politics, all quite racy and funny. However, the next "main" comedian of the night, Kevin Brennan, was pretty darn awful. He was so drunk that he continued to slur his speech the whole time and almost tripped over himself. I feel really awful for his wife and child - who he ripped apart on stage throughout the whole evening. And Kevin couldn't have possibly been more racist, offensive, and disgusting. I know this is "comedy" but there are times when lines need to be drawn. And he crossed them.
Additionally, our services at Helium was beyond lousy. Server brought us one drink, and we then sat at the table with empty glasses throughout most of the night. Finally, we waved him over (he was propping himself against the wall looking bored) to ask for our second round. Note: 2 drink minimum at this club. We actually did want to order appetizers and dinner - but since we didn't get our second drink until the show was almost over, it was pretty futile. Our one friend came late- so she never even got the chance to order a second drink, because the final time we saw him was to pay the bill. We informed him that he could've made a larger tip, had he actually allowed us to order food and more drinks. His excuse: "It was a busy night"... 
In Summary: This was a pretty awful first experience at Helium, and I'm definitely not itching to go back again. Even if they're giving their tickets away, as usual. 
Note to the public: Don't BUY your tickets for Helium. Join their listserv, and you can get free tickets almost any night of the week.I have seen several comedians at Helium, including Todd Glass and Margarate Cho. I like Helium Comedy Club! The sound system is excellent. The service is pretty good, I wouldn't expect lightning fast service. 
I would recommend you get your dinner anywhere else in the city. The sandwich I had at Helium could have come from Panera Bread and there was too much bread and not enough chicken. The pizza is just alright. Just get drinks at Helium.Technically I would give this place 2.5 stars if I could. I went here on Saturday night and was totally disappointed! :( I've been coming to Helium on and off for years. I bought two tickets online for the 9:30 show for Don "DC" Curry. I paid an additional $7 per ticket to get the "reserved ticket" which basically meant a table was reserved for me and I wouldn't have to arrive early and wait in the line. Plus the $3.60 "handling fee" per ticket, they came out to $77.... We got there at 9pm to pick up our tickets at will call. We didn't have to wait in line at the box office. Went around to the second window and picked our tickets right up. We were told we could wait by the bar as we didn't have to wait in line for seats/a table. Once they opened the door thugh, it was a bit crazy. All the people who were standing in line for an hour to get their seats were all going into the exact same door and hallway as all the people who didn't have to stand in line and were just waiting by the bar. After squeezing through the small hallway, we reached the hostest stand and we were showed to our table. Which was in the center but 4 rows back from the stage. I have never sat so far away any other time I've been there. Apparently, they changed the layout a bit. The stage used to stick out a bit and there used to be lots of open space around it and on the sides. For some reason, they put up walls on either side of the stage which seems to cut down on seating as well as not being as visually appealing. And almost every single table in the place was reserved. If I had been standing in line for a table, I would have been pissed. As it was, I was annoyed I had paid the extra money and was basically sitting in the back. there were only two rows of tables behind us. There is a two item per person requirement and most stuff on the menu costs at least $10. Our server was friendly. We only got drinks, no food. The opening acts were good and Don was great! But overall, I was really disappointed by the changes they had made, their system and the seating of the place. Seems like greed is getting the better of them and they're just cramming as many people in there as they can now. Disappointing.We have been here several times and it's always a great time! 
Helium is a nice intimate club, so no matter where you sit you will have a good view of the Comedian.  The wait staff is excellent, and the food is great as well (try the Cuban sandwich).
I laughed so hard seeing Todd Glass that I gave myself a headache!!  
Not sure what the negative comments are all about, I have never experienced anything remotely like some of these comments.I have really enjoyed Helium every time I've gone there to see a show. The event space is cozy, the food and drinks are delish, and the ticket prices are very affordable.  The staff members I've interacted with are always nice as well, especially the girls at the front desk.
If one of your favorite comedians is showing at Helium, the venue is highly recommended!
One thing I would recommend for them is a printed schedule to take when you leave if you want. 
Note: I've never gone to open mic night or taken classes; just seen established comedians when they come into Philly.Went to the Rory Albaese show this weekend and had a blast. The performers were very funny and really gave us a good time. 
Helium was a very nice club to catch a show. From the moment we entered till our departure the staff was really friendly. We were ushered to our seats quickly upon a friendly greeting at the door. Our server was quick with the drinks and never intruded I to the show! 
There are a couple bars for you to grab a preshow drink or afterwards and it was a very clean place to be. Wasn't divey not pretentious, just a cool place to hang out. 
We will definitely be back!Do not go here they will kick you out if you say hi to a friend. Most awful comedy show location. Not the comedians but some of the staff. They have a room monitor who enforces this. Too serious of an environment for an alleged place of laughter. They value silence. I am contacting the owner about what goes on in there! I came on a Tuesday night for a celebration that was ruined by staff.We love having date nights here! Whether a local newcomer or a big headliner, the shows are always a good time! We always try to get here early to get a good seat but in all the times we've been, we haven't had a bad seat anywhere! 
The food and drink menu is about average but it's a comedy club, not a gourmet restaurant. Even with the two item minimum, it's not hard to find something that will meet your needs. 
Service can be a little spotty; for the most part we have never had bad service, just slow due to server experience or the size of the audience. Just be patient and stuff will come. Our last two drinks didn't come tonight but we enjoyed Joe Machi and went looking for drinks after the show in the vicinity (there were plenty of spots).Fun night out!! Great laid back spot to see comedy acts from known comedians as well as up & comers. Love having an excuse to laugh for over an hour straight :-). Do yourself a favor- go eat & get some drinks before coming to a show here. Do they offer those things? Yes, but given the set up & dark atmosphere it's just not comfortable trying to order , eat, flag down your waiter /waitress, trying to talk while there's a show on & people are trying to see around u to view the performance,... I feel bad for the servers here! They have it rough imo. 
There's a 2 drink minimum once in the showroom but I didn't see them really enforcing it. We did get to order our 2 but it was kind of hectic, maybe because it was a sold out show. I'd recommend getting a drink at the bar beforehand as well. The servers get swamped once the showroom is filled so you may have to wait. 
Will-call was great, no wait or hassles even tho we arrived right at show time. 
Friendly staff. They offered a meet & greet after. 
I'd come again after having dinner first & would hope the people around me do the same!Helium has been one of those places that I've meant to go to for years. Well, I finally got around to it last week when I went to see a Thursday night show. I didn't really know what to expect, but we had a great time. The room is small, which is great because there are no bad seats, but annoying if you have any obnoxious audience members. 
We ordered food (a decent margherita pizza and good buffalo chicken fingers) and drinks, and the service was great. Overall, no complaints and I would definitely go back again.Food: 3
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5
I hate the 2 item minimum after already forking over a lot on the tickets. Mediocre everything but comedy.Went there with a party of 30 for a birthday. Each table ordered food and several rounds of drinks. The comedians were funny and everyone was enjoying themselves. Then, BAM.....They kicked us all out for laughing too loud! What type of comedy club kicks people out for laughing too loud!! I'm still amazed and would never step foot in this place again.This place sucks and the employees are super rude. It was so hot in there that even the comedians complained. The seating was disorganized and the put strangers at the same tables. You go to a comedy show to have fun, right? I will never go there again.***Disclaimer: This review is not solely about the comedians, it's about the facility, the food, and the atmosphere. 
I came here for my birthday. My overall experience was really good, except for a small mix up regarding my ticket purchase. I'd ordered the Purchase Helium Boost Add on, onto my General Admission's ticket purchase. When I arrive at the club, I was told different than what my email confirmation said. Long story short, the staff were pleasant about everything and assured me that my friends and I would be able to sit together when they all arrived. 
The club isn't tooooo large...but perfect size for an intimate feel. I tables are circular in shape, and have two-seats per table. The food menu is eh....could be better. It's a bit pricey for the quality I think. The waiters were PHENOMENAL though. VERY punctual and kind. The audience is a mixture of every race and age...so very diverse :)
Lastly, the line up of comics were eh.... About 4 were HILARIOUS.....like pee in your pants hilarious, but bottom line is that, even the ones that sucked....no one booed.....there was just a really long awkward silence hahaha. Also, they hand you a survey sheet in the beginning, and you have to number 1-10 your most favorite comedian to the least favorite. They DON'T bring out the comedians at the end, so make sure you judge them as you see them, or write down special notes that will help you remember who they are .
I'm going back. I loved it!!