Hemo's Food Truck is pretty much the reason I miss Penn. (Ok, maybe just the reason I miss Penn FOOD) I have to be honest, I've only ever had the small Grilled Chicken, but it's the best five bucks you could ever spend on a meal. I don't know what's in that Hemo sauce but  when mixed with Hot Sauce, spinach, and egg...oh. man. The food trucks on campus are for the most part a great deal for the money you spend but Hemo's is the best! And there's two of them (by the Quad & by the high rises); they're both equally as good. Although, John (the one who runs the truck on 38th) is super nice and seems to remember everyone that stops by. My only regret is that I didn't hear the hype on Hemo's til my sophomore year (& from my freshman friend at that!); but I've been hooked ever since. 
Hemos, come to Hoboken!You can't go wrong with Hemo's. Whether it's the breakfast sandwiches (sausage egg and cheese? yum), the classic grilled chicken or the delicious footlong philly cheesesteak, Hemo's is worth the wait. $5 tops - always a fantastic food cart choice. 
Don't forget to ask for the special Hemo's white sauce! Perfect.I have been to Hemo's a few times. It's a decent chicken sandwich. However, I don't get the hype. The Hemo sauce is good, but it's not like some kind of crack sauce that one gets addicted too. It's a white sauce that's okay.
The bread is always fresh. The service is quick once you get your order in, but the line of Penn students can get long at times. (Apparently, a lot of them think the Hemo sauce is addictive like crack. Okay, not more crack references, ever, I promise.)
The price is what really makes this spot good. You really get great bang for your buck. Maybe that's what makes it taste better. When you're living on a college student budget, that goes a long way. Not to mention, their eating so much dining hall food, that becomes their measure.Great chicken sandwiches with many different sauce options.  A must try for Penn folks!Hemo's has the best cheesesteaks of all the food carts in the area! The beef and the chicken are both great with Hemo sauce.  I have tryed the grilled chicken and it is just ok.  Bottom line, if you want a good cheap cheesesteak, Hemo's is the place to go.Highly regarded, but I was never impressed in the few times I went. None of the ingredients (bread, meat, vegetables) are very good, and as a composite it's mediocre flavor. The sauce doesn't do much to salvage this. Hemo's is cheap, but I'd rather spend $0.50 - 1.00 more on better quality.If you're craving a chicken sandwich, Hemo's is pretty good, and very reasonably priced. I got the small grilled chicken sandwich with tomato, lettuce, mushrooms and cheese, plus the famous sauces, and will be returning for lunch very soon.The cheesesteaks are delicious and the Hemo's sauce is addictive. Hemo is such a nice guy and when the wait is long (which it usually is), his friendliness and the juicy, flavorful, satisfying sandwich itself can make you wonder why you were grumpy about waiting in the first place!not sure what the hype over this place is. The food is okay but all three times that I went the guy did not wear gloves. I saw that he touched his phone, face etc and then made my sandwich. This place isn't sanitary at all.Hemo's has been a staple of my college diet over the past three years. Grilled chicken, spinach, tomato and cheese, with Hemo sauce of course. 
Unlike most Penn students who learn about Hemo's by word of out mouth, I stumbled across Hemo's on my second day of Freshman year. Hemo, the owner, capitalizes on his secret sauce recipe. I've always thought of it as a honey-mustard sauce for people who don't like honey mustard. It's more of a light "glaze" than a sauce.
If you spend any extended period of time at Penn, you owe it to yourself to try Hemo's. Just be prepared to wait in a long line if you go during the lunch rush.Pretty much my favorite food truck in Philadelphia. 
The Grilled Chicken sandwich is a must try. I personally always get onions, cheese, spinach,and tomatoes, but everyone has their own preferences. And of course, Hemo's sauce. The chicken is just always so tender and juicy and good and makes any day a lot better. That might seem dramatic, but it's true. The cheesesteaks are really good too, but I think the grilled chicken sandwiches are what's unique.
Heads up - if you're going around lunch time, there will be a ~15 min line. You might want to head to the location on 38th & Walnut if you're in a real hurry. Hemo is at the main one on 37th & Spruce, and he's a really nice guy - makes the experience even better.Egg and Cheese and Coffee. 
Review: Hemo wasn't running the truck this morning. The woman who took my order squirted way too much corn oil all over the grill after I ordered it. The end result were oily bun, eggs and even bag. Skimpy on the cheese. Coffee tastes like it is 60% cream.Best stand for their special mustard and mayo chicken sandwich with spinach and mushrooms - hot, and always in demand.  The lines can get long, and they can run out of chicken, so you should stop by early. Fortunately, they do have a second cart near 38th & Walnut!Hemo's is one of the finest trucks at Penn. The location near the Quad is convenient.  The line moves quickly and the service is friendly.  I'm a little scared to know what is in the Hemo sauce, but you kind of have to order it...Great food: spinach, chicken, tomato, onion, and egg on a roll w/cheese and hot sauce + Hemo sauce. A really fantastic sandwich. Truly worth the wait. And a nice guy to boot.Hemo's = deliciousness. Yum... the sausage egg and cheese on a roll is amazing! Plus, just about anything else that they have is good enough to keep you mind off of how unsanitary the food cart is. Where do they go to the bathroom? How do they wash their hands? Oh wait... I'm not supposed to be thinking about that....Best and best priced food truck Pita in Philly!  I prefer the chicken, spinach,  and tomato Pita for $3.50!I want to be a huge Hemo's fan but I just can't do it.  I love the food truck culture (especially in West Philly) so anytime a vendor develops such a cult following i have to check it out.  To be honest, however,  I just don't get it.  I've heard from many of my friends claim: "Hemo's is the best!"  "Hemo's chicken is amazing!" "Hemo's!" "Hemo's!" Hemo's!".... 
I tried Hemo's sandwich and found the experience to be a little lame.  To start the menu is confusing.  You can order so many things... it's amazing they fit it all in that little cart.  While I wasn't necessarily rushed I was unfamiliar with the style of ordering and ended up ordering a "chicken sandwich with everything" for $5.85.  I would later come to fine out that I unintentionally added an extra $1.75 to my order with veggies, spinach and cheese.  I probably would have ordered exactly the same thing if I was given a little time but I wish it was made more clear.  
When I got the sandwich I was really surprised at the chicken.  Unfortunately it's not your organic chicken breast from Whole Foods, rather it's some type of sausage / meatball chicken thing.  If I had to guess it's boiled then flash fried.  Also, I wasn't entirely impressed with the sandwich roll.  When in Philly you can't afford a sandwich that doesn't have the best quality roll... that's just sacrilegious! 
The best part of my sandwich was definitely the Hemo's sauce.  My attempt to describe it would be sweet, runny tzatziki sauce.  To be perfectly honest it does complement the sandwich quite well. 
Hemo's is worth trying given its cult following within the Penn community.  It truly is amazing that his sauce is so widely known.  I would suggest Keith Niedermeier run a study on it but I'm sure it has already been done.  They do a great job with crowds and it's a good thing because the line gets enormous at 11:50, 12:50 and 1:20 when classes let out.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is due to my own n00bness. It was my first day at Penn, and my coworkers took me here. I didn't hear the guy say "Hemo sauce?" so I didn't say anything, causing me to have a sauceless Philly cheesesteak.
BUT it was still good, especially for $3! Next time I'll make it even more awesome with Hemo sauce.One of the many carts near UPenn/Wharton.  They make above average sandwiches and the prices are extremely great.   Run by a great guy from Morocco who is always up for good conversation.Every time I'm back in West Philly/University City I make sure to stop at Hemo's.  I don't think that any individual part of the sandwich (not even Hemo's sauce) is that special alone, but somehow Hemo combines chicken, honey mustard and bread into the most wonderful $5 package you will ever eat.
(And for even more deliciousness, ask for a little bit of barbeque sauce in addition to Hemo sauce.  Some kid in front of me ordered it when I was behind him in line as an undergrad, and I have been doing it ever since.  I don't know who he was, but I'm just sad I will never be able to repay him.)Excellent food! Quick fast service! Grilled chicken with Hemo sauce...man oh man. I have been meaning to review this place for awhile. Great customer service to follow. I will definitely be back!Hemo's seems overrated.  
The chicken sandwich is that weird composite -- not real chicken, even though it may technically be made from chicken materials and other fillers.  Sure, technically it's edible, but I wouldn't particularly want to eat it if I had a choice.Since moving to Philly a few months ago, I've learned that this city is pretty much the best place to be in if you love sandwiches. Cheesesteaks (I prefer Cosmi's Deli), pulled pork (obvs DiNic's), banh mi (apparently QT; on my must-try list) and now...grilled chicken: Hemo's.
Tried this when visiting the hubby at school during a lunch break. Grilled chicken with a fried egg, spinach and Hemo's sauce (which reminds me of the NY chicken&rice white sauce). Unless you're prepared for a 4 hour food coma, split the foot-long sandwich. SO GOOD.All of their sandwiches are so flavorful, and their small size is actually pretty large (at least for girls/women). IMHO they sell the best and the cheapest hoagies in the University City area. The combination of their Spicy sauce and Hemo's special sauce is just magical!
Try them, and you won't regret your decision!Hemo's subs are the best.  Start with an Amoroso's roll, add Hemo's grilled chicken, veggies of your choice (spinach, lettuce, tomato, etc.), cheese, and last but not least, Hemo Sauce (I don't know what it contains, who cares it tastes amazing)... and devour.  
Well worth the 20 minute wait which often accumulates during lunch hour.  And I'm not sure but I think Hemo (the owner/operator/one man show) is Egyptian?  He takes the summers off to go back.Hemo's is a classic on Penn's campus. Hemo's serves delicious, affordable sandwiches that make for a great breakfast or lunch.
For breakfast, I usually get the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. The quality of bacon at Hemo's is better than at other food carts. The cheese is always perfectly melted. For lunch, I usually get the grilled chicken sandwich with spinach and tomatoes, which is also good. 
I would definitely recommend getting food from Hemo's if you are in the area. The food is simple but good. Most sandwiches are about $3, which is awesome.A co worker told me that this food truck had the BEST grilled chicken sandwiches so naturally I went for lunch the very next day. I was sorely disappointed. I thought the sandwich I had was tasteless, it left me wanting more. The service was also lacking the woman there seemed like she just didn't want to be there or she didn't really want to take my order. Welp, I don't think she'll ever have to worry about taking my order again.Hemo took care of me with great food for my 4 years of college. 
He is a great guy and makes great food. In all honesty, he truly became a friend. Every time I am near UPENN I have to stop by.
Favorites: (1) Chicken, spinach, tomato and hemo sauce (2) Cheesesteak with Hemo sauce.I had my first taste of a philly cheesesteak in decades at the UPenn campus. The cheesesteak was fantastic, and the service was fast. Make sure you get the hot sauce and hemo's sauce, it really adds some kick and pizazz to the whole sandwich. The price was decent and the drinks are ice cold.Great food try the hemos sauce. 
The cheese steaks are really good. Ask for hemo and hot sauce. 
The veggies could be cooked just a little more for my liking. 
The menu is a little sparse if you are not looking for a cheese steak or a chicken sandwich. Don't let this deter you. You could have a chicken sandwich 39 different ways and not get tired of it.No wheat bread. So, just forget it. Other food trucks have healthier options for bread. Also, the hemo's sauce didn't taste anything special to meMy colleague and I were underwhelmed by Hemo's.  We went for lunch and paid $5 for the grilled chicken with Hemo's sauce and some veggies.  Very average sandwich, but fortunately there wasn't much of a wait before he took our order.  Regardless, I look forward to trying one of the breakfast sandwiches that everyone raves about.It's been a while since I've ordered from them, but the memories of their chicken sandwiches on a long hoagie roll with extra Hemo's special sauce (ALWAYS get extra sauce) still linger. The owner often mans the cart himself and is very nice and will joke around with the students. The special Hemo's sauce is a blend of honey mustard w/ mayo, maybe sour cream, but whatever it is made of, it is always finger-licking good.
The cheesesteaks were good, but no different than what you'd find in the 20 or so other carts around the area. Used to get the chicken sandwich all the time for $3.50, but I started going there less when prices were rising (went to $4 and then $4.50). Not sure if I'd pay $5 now, but the memories were good.Yep, it's a food cart and in my opinion a fantastic cheesesteak. Wish he had a branch in Oregon - Hemo, you'd be a sell out here!! I could see myself coming back here just for this sandwich. Yummm!Since my first review I have become an addict of Hemo's grilled chicken sandwiches! I can't believe I said they were just ok during on my first review!! Anyway I will be leaving Penn soon and I will miss Hemo's so much :-( I am trying to get as many sandwiches as I can within the next three weeks.I love Hemo's cheese steaks, but am less a fan of their grilled chicken sandwiches. The grilled chicken sandwiches are made with processed chicken breasts. However, the chicken cheese steaks are awesome - they almost taste like beef cheese steaks. Hemo's makes great egg sandwiches too.
Perhaps not the healthiest place in the world, but a definite part of a Penn student's balanced diet. The place is so popular that there is usually a line.Hemo's is one of those food carts on Spruce you might initially pass over the first couple of times but then you head back when you've tried everything else or get sick from eating The Real Le Anh and you figure "Why the hell not?"  Despite long lines and somewhat slow service, Hemo's delivers a solid sandwich that's consistent and satisfying.
The menu might seem daunting, but there's really only two options: the grilled chicken sandwich or the cheesesteak.  I found the grilled chicken to be a bit dry and lacking, even with additional toppings like spinach, scrambled eggs, onions, and of course, his savory sweet Hemo sauce.  The cheesesteak is far superior, and even the chicken cheesesteak is just as good, if not better, than the beef.  Hemo's keeps it simple on a long thin Italian roll with thinly sliced meat, white American, and grilled onions.  The best part?  You get to have the cheesesteak smothered in Hemo sauce, which elevates the sandwich to a whole new level.  Try a dash of hot sauce on top for the extra heat.  You won't regret it.
The truck is really popular with the undergrad set, particularly the campus Greeks, as Hemo's proudly displays rush events of the past with countless Greek organizations having their letters plastered over the front windows.  The line is also rather long during peak hours, and moves slowly, so go early or later to avoid the wait.  Overall, there are better food trucks around campus for lunch, but if you're craving a simple cheesesteak on the cheap, Hemo's is the place to go.Great sandwiches! Hemo if ur reading this I lost my ID there can u message me if u find it?Hemo operates two, yes two, food trucks in the University City region: one on Spruce and the other on 38th Street. The personable Egyptian offers a pretty extensive menu, but when I dine with him, it's always for the grilled chicken sandwich, with spinach and Hemo sauce. 
Hemo sauce seems to be, err, some variation on tahini, a paste made of ground sesame and served with dishes like falafel. But Hemo's special variation is much smoother and lighter tasting than its traditional brother.
At lunch time, Hemo's line can get backed up for as much as twenty-minutes, especially at the popular Spruce Street location, as his foods take a while longer to prepare than a lot of food truck fare. But, if you have the time, it's worth waiting.I've been a customer here for nearly 10 years. Great chicken sandwiches and meatball Parmesan hoagies.Hemo's is a treasure on Penn's campus that I will definitely miss. My two favorite items are their famous chicken sandwich, which is freshly made on their grill, and their egg sandwiches. I usually add peppers, tomatoes, lettuce, cheese and Hemo's sauce, which makes for a cheap (around $6) and delicious lunch. They offer either egg white or regular eggs, and you can customize with veggies, cheese, and bacon or sausage. The sandwiches are all very filling and tasty. This is definitely not the healthiest option, but is a good treat.
Also, I frequent the location at 38th and walnut (on 38th). I prefer this because it is less crowded and the owner of this cart is very friendly. Additionally, you can text him your order (10-15 min in advance) and when I arrive, a hot sandwich is ready for me.I'm pretty sure that your enjoyment of Hemo's is inversely correlated to your age. When I started eating their sandwiches at 21 years old, I loved them; they were the freaking best. I gradually slowed my consumption over time, and now Hemo's is no longer on the radar for me. Here's a quick summary:
1) you have three choices for lunch: "grilled chicken"
 hoagie (I use the quotes because the meat is processed), cheesesteak, or chicken cheesesteak. The latter two are fine; the former used to be unbelievable, especially when paired with the mythical hemo sauce. Now, meh. 
2) breakfast is actually a really good deal. I think you can get a bacon, egg, and cheese on a huge hoagie roll for like $3. 
3) the guys who work at both hemos are very nice
So, I would use your current age to determine whether you should come here. Subtract 22 from your age, and if you don't get a negative number, then maybe skip it.THAT is what I'm talking about.  Try the Hemos sauce.  So great.Hemo's is the perfect food.  I would eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if it was socially acceptable.  When I think about a grilled chicken sandwich, I think about Hemo's.  Sometimes I think about it before I go to sleep it's so good.  Hemo is a class-act.  If you're a regular, he greets you, pounds out your order with nothing more than a quick confirmation of what your toppings are, and boom, you're done.  I go for the large grilled chicken with lettuce, tomato, spinach, mushroom, and grilled onions, with extra hemo sauce and a splash of hot sauce.  It's a masterpiece.  Hemo's is the true pinnacle of chicken sandwiches.A decent quick chicken cheesesteak for lunch. The special sauces are fab and the spicy is spicy, so be careful!Hemo's is my favorite sandwich food truck in university city. Hemo and the lady who works with him (darn- don't know her name) are a great team- making delicious food to order quickly. And they remember their customers, their favorite orders, etc. I love that. 
The "small" roll is maybe 7-8" and is plenty for lunch for me, and I'm not a girl who gets full on salad (the price difference between small and large is only $1 FYI). His spinach sub is my favorite, which has spinach, onions, peppers, and mushrooms (and cheese too). You then have the option to top it off with the white sauce and hot sauce (Hemo is kinda famous for his secret sauce combo and has been featured in some local newspapers)- do it. The combination is delicious and one of the things that really sets Hemo's apart. The other thing that sets him apart are his reasonable (okay downright cheap) prices. The aforementioned deliciousness that will fill my gullet for the afternoon only costs $3. Add egg (which is cooked and chopped with other ingredients) for an extra dollar. 
His cheesesteaks, chicken pitas, etc. are a great deal too- around $5-6 depending on size, meat, etc. I've had a bite of a friend's chicken pita, and it's delicious. Tender and fresh chicken breast cooked to order with your choice of toppings and Hemo sauce? You cannot go wrong. 
In summary, Hemo meets the trifecta of food trucks that (in my humble opinion) others should strive towards: reasonably-priced delicious, fresh and made to order food that is prepared by a really nice guy.The best place to get a bacon, egg and cheese on a long till.  The epitome of a breakfast sandwich at the best price possible.Hemo's beloved chicken sandwich remains the gold standard. Five bucks for tender grilled chicken, cheese, eggs, and spinach on a long roll with hot sauce and white sauce is awesome. They have tons of other sandwiches and hoagies too. I hear great things about the cheesesteak and the meatball sub, but just can't tear myself away from the grilled chicken. It's a truck, and it's on a campus. Expect a bit of a wait at peak lunchtime hours.the best of the best. Nicest guy ever, I eat two meals  a day here. steak egg and cheese and grilled chicken sandwich are the best around and its not closeHemo's chicken cheesesteak makes my tummy happy no matter how outrageously long the line may be for their food...I know it's always so worth it. 
The chicken cheesesteaks, the regular cheesesteak, the grilled chicken sandwich...they are all delicious and it's really hard to go wrong here.  As long as you get the Hemo's sauce on it, it may be delicious without it but that sauce is freaking incredible.  The sandwiches are also quite large, so it makes for an excellent meal.Omg...I love food trucks and Hemo's is one of the best!  I usually get a chicken sandwich with cheese and spinach and a ton of Hemo sauce, not sure what's in this sauce, but it sure is tasty!  Affordable sandwich on the go, perfect for a busy university student!I was pleasantly surprised with my grilled chicken sandwich. Unfortunately I did not get mine with spinach, but with lettuce--it still was incredibly good. Very tender chicken, with (suspiciously) amazing sauce.I have never understood the Hemo's mystique.  From day one, every Penn student is told that Hemo's is the best truck on campus.  Period.  Why?  Hemo's sauce.
So, let's break it down: honey + mustard + water = Hemo's sauce.  Hemo has one thing going for him: he's branded himself amazingly and students sop it up.  Was Hemo in my Marketing 101 class?  
The food is so average!  Small portions of tough chicken on an average roll.   Hemo and his counterpart don't talk much and you're rushed to order.  
When you press a student to tell you why he or she loves Hemo's the answer is always the same: the sauce.  If pressed harder, it turns into: "Well, the sauce isn't really that great but all of my friends love going there and I've just always gone.  I guess there are probably better trucks."
3-stars I say!I used to hit up Hemo's in grad school everytime my 10AM-10PM school, 10PM -2AM drinking schedule caught up with me. For crazy cheap you can get a giant egg and cheese on a big ass hoagie roll. I like Hemo's sauce #2 and a crap load of hot sauce. It does the job. Add spinach for your daily vegetable and some extra calcium. 
I try to eat healthier now, and have since switched my allegiance to the egg whites on wheat at Bui's (see review), but Hemo's has a special place in my heart.Hemo's cheesesteak is my favorite in the city. He always remembers me and my order, and is the sweetest, most genuine guy. Perfect example: one day I came for lunch, but a little late. He offered me half of the cheesesteak he made for himself, because he was out of steak for the day. I've been coming here since I was a student at Penn, and will continue to do so!Every time I'm in Philly, I come get a chicken+egg+spinach+tomato sandwich with Hemo sauce.
It's been 15 years I've been coming back for that sandwich. Still as good as the day I first got it.Philly is a food truck town & Hemo's probably has some of the best grilled chicken sandwiches around, if not one of the best trucks out there.
My preferred sandwich is the large grilled chicken with SPINACH (!!!), tomatoes, mushrooms, cheese, hot sauce, and of course, the Hemo's special sauce. Biting into the fresh hoagie is always a magical moment (**take care though to not get the dripping sauce and/or sandwich juice on yourself). mmm, getting hungry just thinking about one.
Sometimes, I wish they'd put the Hemo's special sauce in direct contact with the bun before the chicken to let it really get into the bread...but then the chicken might not have enough flavor and the bread might get soggy too fast...hmm, what a dilemma.
Anyways, the one unfortunate thing is the wait is ~15-20 mins during the lunch hour. They also have a location at 38th and Walnut...which may or may not be less crowded.Just get the Hemo sauce on a chicken sandwhich and you're set.  Big, tasty , affordable meal.He didn't use gloves. He touched my food with the same bare hands he handled money with. I just can't go back there after that.There's two Hemo's food trucks in the Penn area. There's only one you should go to-the one on Spruce just past the Wawa if you're walking east.
The one on Spruce is also run by the original Hemo, so you know he knows what he's doing. Another of my friends swears that he also puts in more chicken. I've never gone wrong with Hemo's grilled chicken sandwich. Make sure you get it with the fried egg, yum. His steaks are good too. Why's it all so tasty? I asked Hemo, and he said it's because he only uses good quality meat for his sandwiches. He might be lying, but my taste buds say he's telling the truth.
If you're in the Penn area and need a tasty lunch, hit up Hemo's. Just be careful, if school's in session and it's prime lunch time, you're in for a wait.I almost don't want to review because I (selfishly) love when the line is short, but Hemo's the best! His cart is an icon on Penn's campus. The chicken cheese steak with Hemo sauce and hot sauce never disappoints! Added veggies are fresh and delicious. Great value, friendly service, good food.When I first had Hemo's, I thought the sandwich was pretty good, but nothing special.  For some reason, since then I just cannot stop eating there.  I think the Hemo's sauce is addictive.  Anyway, it is a great place to get a decent sandwich for a good price.  I find that it is hard to get adequate protein in college, so the Grilled Chicken sandwich is truly a godsend.
The Hemo's on 38th and Walnut is less crowded, but their bread isn't as good.Amazingly delicious breakfast/lunch spot, insanely affordable ($4.25 for this huge Sandwhich) & very tasty special Hemo's sauce! Great college memories but good for anyone in the area, especially if you're on the go looking for something simple but delicious:)This review is for the Hemo's on 38th, near Walnut.
While many people seem to get cheesesteaks at Hemo's, I like their customized grilled chicken sandwiches (Hemo's Classic) much better. It's extremely cheap for a nice balanced meal (carbs, vegetables, meat, fruit/tomato, eggs, cheese, etc.). The first time I had Hemo's, the chicken's juicy flavor really stood out to me. Unfortunately, I haven't had the most consistent experiences at Hemo's, and none have been as awesome as my first time -- but they're all still great anyway.
I did notice that he uses the same hands to count money and serve food, which grossed me out a little at first, but I'm over it now. My biggest issue is he sometimes takes an extremely long time and may serve people out of order when everyone's sandwiches pretty much take about the same amount of time to make. Try to text your order 30 minutes ahead of time! For the price (always under $5 for me), I can't really complain though.amazing sandwiches when i'm busy and have to pick up a solid meal at a cheap price. I am surprised at how short of a line there is sometimes because this place is so good! 
Pros:
-Hemo is so kind! I asked him what was popular or what he personally liked, and he said the chicken was really popular at lunch while other items like the egg cheese sausage were popular at breakfast. he would greet everyone with a smile 
-the chicken was SO tender. I had the chicken cheese and egg in a long roll and the chicken wasn't too salty or overcooked, but it was so tender im glad i took his recommendation for the chicken sandwich. I was able to add in what I wanted and this meal was very filling and cheap! this was only $5.50 and I added cheese and egg. 
-i really like their bread. it's light and fluffy but crunchy on the sides and outside. the sandwich came out really quickly so i thought the bread wouldn't be cooked too well but it was toasted perfectly
-their sauce is AMAZING. i have no idea what it is, it's sort of creamy but not too overpowering. this and the hot sauce balanced so well so i was also able to get a kick of spice
Cons: 
-i feel like i don't see the truck on weekends:(I decided to go out to lunch at work and noticed this crazy line at Hemo's. Well in my mind, if people were willing to wait in line, it had to be good right? 
I went with a coworker and we split the beef cheesesteak and the chicken cheesesteak with the Hemo sauce and hot sauce. The chicken was MUCH better than the beef. But overall, it wasn't spectacular. Yes, the sauce was tasty but very subtle beneath the hot sauce. The beef was a bit dry. 
The price is probably about the same or higher for a food truck (extra charge for Hemo sauce). 
I would come back but I don't know if it's worth waiting in a long line for.Best Chicken Sandwich ever! For a small it was pretty freaking large so I can only picture the large being the Andre The Giant of chicken sandwiches. And with so many vegetables and sauces to choose from you can give it so much customization. I piled mine high with mushrooms and sweet peppers and gave the Hemo's Sauce a try - think tzatsiki minus the cucumber. throw in a Snapple and It only ran me a little less than $5. Not too shabby in the least!