I've been here about 4 times.  Good place for a tasty meal and some beers.  I've gotten several of their chicken sandwiches before. My favorite is the chicken florentine:  spinach and provolone on a hero. Can get very loud,  has live music.OMG, their cheesesteaks are so good! Definitely top 5 in all of Philly, don't forget to ask for side of hot peppers in oil.Nice local spot hidden around the corner from Chubbys & delsandros. The cheesesteaks @ the hj are better than either of those places and it's clean. Good spot, good selection of beers, & good steaks.My girlfriend raved about the Henry James forever. It has been a favorite of hers for years. It is one of only a few bars in Roxborough that I had never eaten at. Everyone keeps saying it's a great neighborhood, family owned bar. And that's very true. I went in with my girlfriend and while there ran into a few old friends. One of which is the owners daughter. So the famly part is spot on, as well as the community feel to the place. As others have said it is clean and well lite.
But on to the important stuff. The food and service. Let's start with the service. We sat at a table in the back (restaurant) section. The servers name was Michael. He was great. Fast- he never stopped moving and brought everything you asked for. I would give the service in the back section 5/5. It's on the food where my score falls a little, but again I have only been here once to eat and will update my review when we go back again.
I ordered:
Beer battered fries =3/5
        Everyone else seems to love them.
Nachos sepreme = 2/5
        If they used a different cheese on top it may have been better. American I think.
Pud steak =3/5
    Not bad except they overloaded it with sauce so it soggily fell apart on the plate. And it was also overloaded with cheese. I know some poeple like a lot of cheese, but if I wanted it that way I would have ordered extra cheese.
So like I said I will be going back to try more of the menu because my girlfriend loves it, it is clean, and the service was superb. Maybe it was just an off day on my part. We shall see.I love the HJ! My favorite bar in Roxborough. It's definitely more of a neighborhood place but the staff is always friendly to anyone who walks in. A great spot to catch a game or a good bite to eat. I've had several of the sandwiches and have yet to be even slightly disappointed. After 25 years in the neighborhood, they're definitely doing something right. Looking forward to the next 25!In one word:  Yum!  This pub's food is almost legendary. Large portions, seasoned "just right", popular fare and all kinds of comfort food dishes, this place quickly became one of my favorites.  The servers are very friendly and helpful -- makes one feel really appreciated for their business. I had their version of a Philly cheese steak sandwich (minus the bread, as I am a diabetic) and it was very, very good. It was more than I could finish, so I had two meals out of it when all was said and done!  The dining area is very small, which I would classify as intimate. The parking is on-street and difficult as there is no lot, which cost them a star for me. Other than that,  this place rules!Great neighborhood bar. Drinks are cheap, service is great, and the food is classic bar food.I am a long-time regular of The Henry James Saloon since moving to the neighborhood.  To call the H.J. absolutely lacking in pretense would be the most succinct description, yet one that is neither negative nor positive, simply accurate.  It is a neighborhood bar with solid if insipid food. The people are friendly, you can bring your children, the game is always on and the staff to a person longstanding fixtures.  You do not have to be a regular to have a comfortable relaxing time.  You can be whomever and whatever you are, and will be respected if not appreciated. 
The food is, as stated, solid.  This is decidedly NOT a gastropub.  The kitchen performs the basics well, though the ingredients are obviously neither local, fresh, or of high quality with some standout exceptions.  For example, the roast turkey.  If your preference is that most bland of protein the H.J. has some of the best.  They clearly roast and cut it on-site...and they put plenty of it on their sandwiches.  Unfortunately they pair it with instant mashed potatoes...a damn shame and nearly criminal.  Wing night is a must-try...among the best in Roxborough.  Appetizers are the expected and typical deep fried frozen crap you can get anywhere, though the Philly Fries are magical.  Cheesesteak are above-average, and the Pud Steak is a fiery if inconsistent piece of brilliance. Stay away from the pizza - even when on special for $5 it is not worth the money...thin, bland, cheap and unsatisfying.  Same for the burgers - low quality meat.  
Over the years the beer choices have gone from bad, to mediocre, to what would now be considered decent.  Local craft beers are under-represented but present, standby megabrews like Guinness and Stella Artois will satisfy the psuedo-snobs, with a few clear yellow water light beers for those without taste.  Bottled beer follows that line, but takeout beer is reasonably priced.  Liquor prices are fair but if you want house booze specify clearly.  They automatically upgrade otherwise.  
The staff is what makes the H.J. shine as a neighborhood bar.  To an individual they are quirky, fun, hard-working, responsive and attentive.  I have seen them welcome first time patrons as if they were regulars, and regulars as if they are family.  The staff make the H.J. what it is....they turn a basic corner bar into something worth stopping in to, worth finding that one or two things on the menu you like, worth the hassle of parking (just walk...who really drives here out of necessity?).  
Three stars seems low....I would say 3 1/2....but if you live in this part of Roxborough you will find it a regular spot.I live across the street and never want to move away because everything at this place is so good! Meatloaf Thursday's 4 life!I'm not really a sports bar kind of person. But, the friendly staff and people at the bar made for a good night out. It's definitely an over 40 crowd which is ok with me. Oops, did I show my age? ;)One of nicest gems in Roxborough.  The service staff is wonderful.  They're neighbors and know the area and its residents well.  When I first moved to Roxborough, I got the "lay of the land" from some of the bartenders.  The owner is often present and engages with everyone.  Very friendly patrons as well.  No trouble in this nice establishment.  
The food is awesome.  I think it's the best pub food in the area.  The sandwiches are out of this world.  Some of the specials are basically a home-cooked meal which is quite satisfying to a single man who doesn't have time to cook. 
Check this place out for some good food and conversation.Don't judge a book by its cover. Henry James Saloon looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, and it also does from the inside, but the deliciousness within will cast your fears aside.
On our first visit, we were greeted warmly and the crowd was middle aged and friendly. A look at the beer taps and coolers revealed a nice selection of craft beer choices, and a fully stocked bar is also available. Several TVs are above the bar. 
The food menu has a nice selection of sandwiches. We landed on the Hank Jim and the Guido Pork. Both were yummy - freshly baked rolls, quality meat and toppings and a perfect portion size. The best part of the meal, though, was the brew fries. These lightly beer battered morsels are some of the best fries I've had in Philadelphia. Worth the price of admission. 
Speaking of prices, very reasonable. 4 beers, 2 sandwiches and the side of fries: $40. I'll definitely recommend and return!Place is a local hang and super friendly. 
The staff is always courteous and helpful. The owner Dave is there most nights and willing to talk to any customer. 
There are a handful of Tvs and they're willing to put on what you want, as long as some Tvs can show local sports. They are quick to fulfill take out calls and a great spot for a quick 6 pack. 
Prices are solid and the fries rival Chickes. My friends prefer the regular fries with old bay and cheese but I am partial to the beer battered. Either way, you can't go wrong. 
The menu has been changed a few times but you cannot go wrong with the Hank Jim - it's a must try! In addition there are some sweet daily deals - Weds pizza night (and quizzo) check it out. Sadly they got rid of Monday slider night for meatball Monday - the burgers were quality and affordable. 
If you are looking for a friendly stop in the Manauunk Roxborough area, look no further. 
Great place for a b day or fantasy draft! Plus they have quality softball teams and you can rent the top floor for no cost. If you choose to not frequent this place - it is your loss.Best bar in Roxborough. Friendly environment and staff goes above and beyond to make even the first-time patrons welcome. Expansive menu selections with very affordable prices. Spend a Sunday afternoon with them for an Eagles game and you'll be hooked.Henry James is a small local bar with your better than average bar fare.  My husband always gets their signature sandwich, a Hank Jim, which is chicken fingers, pepperoni, sauteed spinach, sweet roasted peppers and provolone cheese on a toasted football roll.  I love the chicken fingers sans the sandwich.  They always have fast take-out too!Great neighborhood bar with friendly staff, great sandwiches, and great pizza. I've been coming here since I moved to the area 8 years ago. 
Highly recommend the spicy pud chicken, pork with long hots, and meatball sandwiches. And the pizza has a sweetness to it that I didn't like at first but now crave. 
For sides the philly crinkle cut fries with hot sauce and ranch are just right. Not too greasy and the right amount of ranch. I occasionally need to ask for extra hot sauce but usually it's enough. Poppers are excellent too..We decided to check this out after hearing many great things. The food was delectable! Great bar food! Our only complaint is that we didn't feel so comfortable. I wish we knew before going that the vibe was more for locals. If take out is possible we will definitely be exploring that optionThis place is great. We got take out last night. I loved the French onion soup. It was so flavorful. My husband had the hot pork Sammy with fries. He thought that it was really great! I can't wait to come back here and try the items but I have to come back to get the soup!What an awesome place!! A great neighborhood bar and pub style dining. If you're new to HJ, don't worry, you'll know everyone before you leave. The bartenders and servers will all remember you as well, even if you wait 6 month for your return trip. 
Check the menu for their daily food specials. They can't be beat!Food impressed. This is a laid-back, borderline dive bar. Really, it's a neighborhood chill spot to watch a game.. get some grub.. beers with friends. Wish they had more local craft beers, but selection was decent. 
We were impressed with quality of salad and food, expecting usual bar slop.. this was not it. Try something new, go here.Great neighborhood pub where they serve a healthy shot and a cold beer (cheap) and you WILL engage in conversation with whomever is sitting next to you at the bar.  The sandwiches look great, but the $9,95 fried chicken platter caught my eye.  Comes with a fresh (simple iceberg) salad and a huge pile of crinkle fries (and oddly enough a little cup of POTATO SALAD .. just in case you didn't have enough potatoes in your diet.  Gotta love the Irish.  Anyway, you get a HALF of a smallish chicken (leg, wing thigh and breast) HOT out of the fryer.  The skin is shatteringly crisp.  They won;t win any culinary rewards for seasoning (but they do provide salt and pepper for the purpose.
Anyway, if you are craving fried chicken in a bar, and don't want to hike to  Resurrection Ale House and pay 20 bucks, you could probably ask them for some honey (or bring a jar..)
Update: 05/15 : The Fried chicken platter is no longer on the menu. Sometimes it appears as a special.  The cheesesteak has become my "goto" here.  Fresh rib eye cooked to order.  IMO better that D'Allesandro's OR Chubby's both of which are right around the corner, and over whom many argue.  For my money, the ones here (on Conshohocken Bakery rolls) wins.Great neighborhood bar to go to when you're craving some good (I mean delicious) bar food and good company.  The bartenders and waitresses are super sweet and you will probably find a nice local to sit next to and chat.  Great place.I've been going here forever and I love it! The ice tea is the best! No really I crave it! Haha the food is somewhat basic, but it is always on point and delicious! Turkey must be made on the premises bc it's really good! Overall a great neighborhood spot to grab a quick bite!Food is always good. Great little special on a Monday night.
Stop in and taste for yourself!Cold beer. Very good french onion soup. Large sandwiches. Phillies game.Had the wedding soup and chicken Rosa sandwich, both were delicious! Great atmosphere and friendly serviceThe Henry James has become one of my favorite dinner spots in the neighborhood. Each time I'm here I try something new on the menu and am yet to be disappointed. You're never left without food or drinks for long. The service is very quick here. The staff is incredibly friendly and constantly making sure that you're comfortable and have everything you need. They always make you feel very welcome from the minute you walk through the door and when you're on your way out. 
This place just has such a comfortable feel to it. How could you not enjoy such a place?Great food, friendly atmosphere!  Great cheesesteaks, I recommend the Pud Steak.  Brew city fries are amazing!  Everything I've tried here is amazing and very reasonably priced.  Quizzo on Wednesday night!A hidden gem. The food is fantastic and above traditional bar food though it's not fancy. The Hank Jim sandwich is my favorite as well as the Chelsey chicken ranch. The brew city fries are awesome and definitely get the cheese sauce. The service is great whether you sit at a table or eat at the bar. Good beer selection, great prices and excellent neighborhood spot. Very casual and fun atmosphere. No pretension, no bullsh*t just a great place for great drinks and amazing food.People love this place and I just don't get it. I have been several times, I had a good cheese steak there once but beware of their dinners. I got chicken parm and it was three chicken tenders with sauce and cheese on it, felt robbed. 
The atmosphere is cool, its an old row home but the music is always so loud that you have to shout to your server. Servers are very reluctant to split checks, but that isn't a deal breaker. It would be nice to seem them with a larger staff.Error, always double check what you have clicked to review.Best bar in Roxborough. Great food and staff. Specials every day. Come see Rob at the bar, good guy. I recommend the Pud Chicken, bigs belly buster , and the home made wedding soup. All good is great!Had a great time here. Shawn (the bartender) was friendly, full of information and made us feel welcome (as Californians). 
I would suggest you stop in there first then plan the rest of your day. In his previous life, Shawn was a Philly tour guide and could send you to visit D some awesome sites while in town. 
Don't miss this spot!!Everytime we come to Philly to visit our family we go to HJS as soon as we land at PHL.  Our kids can't wait to get there.  Real Philly cheesesteaks, amazing roast pork, and so much other stuff that is sooooo good!  Their specials are great!  Prices are very reasonable and it's just great food!  Very friendly atmosphere and all the sports you could ever want to watch.  Dave and Linda treat you like family.  We can't get Yengling in the Southwest so we have it every time we come.  This is what a true "local" bar/restaurant is.  A true treasure in Roxborough, PA.I suppose I am biased since the owner Papa Falc's children are my friends and he was my athletic director in high school, plus many of my other friends are or have been employed by him, but what can I say, I just like the place. 
Just got home from watching the Flyers' game two loss and, as annoying as that was, I still had a great time. I'd tell you about their food but I like to only review fresh experiences, and tonight I had a grilled cheese on rye with provolone and bacon so how could it not be divine. What I will tell you is that many locals frequently return for the dinning experience, myself included. 
The food here is pretty standard bar noshery, so if you like bar food you should enjoy whatever you order. While getting down on a specialty sandwich or battered fries, check out the drink specials like 22 oz. Yuengling bottles for $2.50 during Phillies games (and make sure you're at the bar when Werth gets up because his HRs will earn you a free drink). 
I know they do karaoke here occasionally and that every Wednesday is $3.50 pizza night (for the whole pie) because I have partaken multiple times, but they also have an all you can eat Dungeness crab leg night on Thursday that I will never try because sea food is something I am psychologically unable to enjoy (works like ipecac for me). 
Some of you call it a hole in the wall but I think of it as cozy, so don't be afraid to stop by with your kids for dinner as rude behavior and language are not tolerated (plus they have a free popcorn machine).Always good food & excellent service . Dave & the staff are top notch & make you feel welcome at all times . whether you order the specials or a regular item off the menu , they are all good . The pepperoni cheesesteak is the best in the area!A chill spot to watch a game and enjoy a sandwich/beer. Always a solid selection on tap and the bar food is some of the best in Roxborough. The bar itself is on the narrow side and can get a little tight when crowded. However every seat has a great view of a TV and the sound is usually piped in through the speakers. The free popcorn machine is a great feature. Very friendly staff. Cant go wrong with a Pud Chicken, Hank Jim, Western Burger, or a Belly Buster sandwich. The Brew City Fries are amazingly addictive as well.  All you can ask for and more in a neighborhood bar!Great spot! Neighborhood bar with incredible friendly staff. Prices are amazing as well as food and drinks. We come nearly once a week and always leave satisfied.Deeelicous!  Conshohocken Bakery's rolls! Fresh beef! Healthy serving of fries! Hometown crowd! New upgrades too!  Old stand by is still a good place!Not as good as they used to be. I ordered a cordon bleu sandwhich and salad for takeout, my entire sandwhich was burnt.. Completely black bread. The salad was also hot because it was shoved in the same  bag as the sandwhich. Granted, it was a busy sunday night. But you prepare and are staffed for these certain occasions for a reason, and if i have to go when its not busy to get their "best food" then whats the point.Great local bar/restaurant!  Every employee was friendly and helpful....especially our waitress Judy!  Nicest woman.  Had the Thanksgiving Sandwich and it will rival any similar sandwich you'll find.  The beer fries and melted cheese are far superior to the over priced chickies fries.  Nice, affordable meal.  Highly recommended!Best Sandwiches & Friendly Staff
We found ourselves at the Henry James Saloon for dinner. It is a neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name. They didn't know ours, but we felt very welcome. We ordered the Hank Jim and Pud Chicken Sandwiches. The bread was fantastic! They were huge.Next time I will split it and maybe order an appetizer. Both sandwiches were good and original. The pud chicken does have a kick, but not overwhelming. The Hank Jim is flavorful and filling. Overall, the Hank Jim is what we would split. Give this neighborhood bar a try. You will love it!Henry James is a very neighborhood bar with great sandwiches. My favorite is the chicken pud sandwich. Another great sandwich is the Chicken Florentine. The rolls are so good, they are football rolls,  they make all sandwiches very tasty. What Philly person doesn't like a good roll! 
During Phillies games they give out a free beer when Chase Utley hits a home run! The only thing I don't like,  is it a little to bright in there, they don't' dim the lights enough. I wonder if anyone ever told them that. 
The bartender are all great local roxbourgh guys. We were skeptical at first because we moved to roxborough from other towns. But, everyone was very nice and welcoming and invited us right into the community like atmosphere at Henry James. I recommend this place it is a nice CLEAN neighborhood sports bar, which is hard to find if you aren't on Main Street.Some close friends from the neighborhood brought us here for dinner and beers. You're going to be hard pressed to find better local fare.  We got the Bigs Bellybuster with steak instead of chicken and it was amazing. Had a great night, all you ask for.Great bar food.  Neighborhood atmosphere, but everyone is so friendly.  Wing specials on tuesday nights!Great food, nice staff. Friendly atmosphere. Try the cheese steak egg rolls. Been there a few times and will be going again.Good bar food. The waitress would not write separate checks for our group.  I destain splitting the check with people drinking several glasses of beer/alcohol.  I don't drink and want no part of paying for their drinking. Then the math antics of add who ate and drank what - ridiculous when this can be avoided. 
I tip very well for the front of the house and back of the house. I know the work load that is being provided. Dave, is really your policy of no separate checks? I won't be back for table service again.I'm looking forward to becoming a regular at the Henry James Saloon! 
I've only tried the Hank Jim & chicken florentine sandwiches and they were both very good.  Its a great neighborhood bar with very friendly people.  This is the place that when you mention it to someone they always say "great place and even better food!"This place is great.  The beer was cold and I the burger I got was really good.  If your in roxbourgh you need to stop in.  If you ever wanted to know what a small neighborhood bar is like, stop in.  The highest compliment I can give is, I'll be back soon. Lots of TVs.The Henry James is close to work and we go there a minimum of once, and often twice, each week. 
The service is superlative. Judy knows what we usually drink and makes sure they stay filled. Everybody there is great. 
For me, the food is decent; I think my co-workers like it more. There are runs of great soup for a couple of weeks, and then it just turns average for a couple of weeks. But I am always happy to return for the great, friendly service.My family has been going here for years and when I was finally old enough to start going myself I never miss a chance to have a beer and a bite to eat. Great beer selection, food specials everyday, and obviously the staff is as good as it gets. Free Popcorn machine is a great addition, and although it can be crowded and small at times, it does have a back dining room where a lot of the fall over can hang out. Plenty of TV's, a Juke Box, and drink specials during games completes the goodness!I have regular cravings for their Chicken Caesar Sandwich (4/5 stars) that I would enjoy much more if they found a way to not wilt the lettuce during the construction of the sandwich, or their Brew City French Fries (5/5). 
I've eaten in and had takeout, but I must say I prefer take out because it truly is a hole in the wall. 
As far as neighborhood bars go, Henry James is an awesome place to grab a quick dinner and watch a game, but it's not your destination for a night on the town.Great pub environment.  Went there with about 15 guys for a dinner meeting.  Super loud, great service, food was typical pub food (Cheese on everything), and a decent domestic beer selection on tap.
Felt bad for the wait staff having to squeeze between the tables due to the tight quarters.  A tiny space but could see how it would be a great place to watch a ball game.Have been coming to the Henry James for years. The food is always great and the service is even better! Great neighborhood spot where you always feel welcomed by the staff and other customers. Love coming in for Quizzo on Wednesday nights!Stopped in ro catch thet the Penn St. game. No Big 10 Channel. Can someone call and update us with the score?
Update. Thanks for calling in  the update O. Penn ST won in OT.Great neighborhood bar! Best staff, and awesome bar food!Judy provided great service with a friendly smile. I had the grilled chicken with Rosa sauce sub and it was delicious. My mom had the turkey, stuffing, gravy sub and the turkey was fresh and she raved about it. New favorite lunch spot!Best cheese steak & grilled chicken sandwiches we have had in a long time. Great rolls and roasted long hots are homemade & a fantastic addition. Updated brighter interior a welcome change. Kind and welcoming staff with prompt service.This is a very locally bar. If you know what I mean. The food is pretty good for bar food and very affordable. They sponsored my softball team so have to give them some stars for that.Great friendly people from Roman Catholic. Down side beer is over priced. Good food. Only three stars..Let's see that rating go up Dave. Lower beer prices may spark your rating. This isn't the Trump tower you know.lolGreat food, at a local bar?? Takeout, from a local bar??
In the past, I would have said no to both of these questions. However, the Henry James Saloon changed my mind.
My husband and I always wanted a local bar we could walk to on nights we didn't feel like cooking and just wanted a beer or two. 
We have found our "Friday night" place. Actually, this place is good every night.
It's easy to pass right by the Henry James Saloon. It looks like a hole in the wall on a side street next to PCOM medical offices. Once inside, you're greeted by a warm atmosphere and friendly local bartenders and servers. The owner frequently passes by the tables. It's clean, comfortable and the music is often fantastic. 
The food is GREAT! Not your standard bar food here. Besides great dinner specials each day of the week, you could eat chicken parmesan here and actually enjoy it! My favorite appetizer is the BBQ chicken wings. I'm a fanatic about them -- I have never been to the bar without getting them. Hot and delicious. I've had everything from a great pizza to a delicious fresh chicken caesar salad to a bowl of homemade wedding soup, and everything is good. My husband got delicious hogies and hot subs here. The rolls are fresh and delicious. I highly recommend this place if you want a great bar with great food as well. We're thankful it's nearby.Henry James Saloon is tucked away on a quiet side street in Roxborough.  Drive quickly by it, and you may miss it.  What lies behind the front door, however, is one of the best bars there is.  Not just in Roxborough -- in the entire Philadelphia region.
Service is always friendly, and their food is the best.  Their daily specials are among the best I've ever seen.  The owner is there regularly, and it is obvious that he and the staff take a great deal of pride in the establishment.  They are extraordinarily supportive of the neighborhood, local schools, and law enforcement organizations.
It's also a great place to watch a game.  Any game -- Phillies, Eagles, Flyers, whatever.  Always a vibrant, cheering crowd, and there is usually a correlating free drink promotion (e.g., get a free drink if you're sitting at the bar and Chase hits a home run).  
Henry James is a place for families, it's a place for twenty- and thirty-somethings -- it's even a place to fly solo for a beer or two.  You're guaranteed to make some friends, have a great meal, and have an all-around fun experience.I used to go to HJ all the time, but haven't been since the new owners took over. Wow. What a change. They have big plans for a patio and deck, but they'd better work on their food and service. Fish and chips was inedible. Seriously. And I'm an eater. It was over-fried with burned batter, yet somehow a little frozen inside. It came with (also frozen) red cocktail sauce. With fish and chips? 
Service was good at the bar at the beginning, but once two tables were filled in the back we didn't see the server again. The uneaten food sat on the bar until we paid the bill. 
Terrible experience. Won't be back!Really good: General service; wings (in addition to buffalo the garlic Parmesan and hot n honey are solid); meatball sandwiches; chicken Parm sandwich; 
Good: bar pizzas; fries
Don't order: nachos 
Haven't tried anything else yet.....overall a great local bar.Come for Judy- stay for the beer and food.  This place is a true local treasure and Judy is the reason we keep returning here for happy hour over the dozens of other Roxy/Manayunk places.  Wash down their onion rings and/or sweet potato fries with the beverage of your choice while you enjoy their new giant outdoor section in back.Adorable place with great employees! My go to hideaway spot. Fries are on point! There really isn't much more to say but Yelp apparently wants a novel from me.Small bar but great staff they are super friendly, good food & friendly customers. All around a great atmosphere! Would definitely check this place out if your in the area.
If you check this place out you would regret it you'll be laughing until you leave.We came down to the neighborhood for Dalessandro's  but they were closed. Went to Henry James and ended up very glad Dakessadro's was closed!  Awesome cheesesteaks!  Tons of tender, flavorful meat on a great roll.  Fries were spot on and so were the drinks.  Stop in, you will be glad you did!Strictly leaving 5 stars for the cordon blue burger!!!!!! Don't miss out. If you are looking to be fancy and not have great bar food, not your place.The Henry James Saloon is a great little dive bar located across from Roxborough Hospital. It's nothing fancy and no frills -- a place with a large bar, a few tables, and a bunch of TVs showing baseball. They've got some some good, nothing fancy food (try the Hank Jim!). It's just a great place to spend the night with a few cold ones -- especially some Sam Adams. You know you can always trust a bar that has Sammies on tap!
I came here with my father, who was in town on a visit from North Jersey. I knew it was a place Karl G. Sr. would like, as he likes his Sammies too. He hasn't visited me since i moved to Manayunk, after my 14-year marriage to Cynthia came to an end. (Our kids Bradley and Bryan, B'n'B, live with her in Glenside. It's just a phone call away but feels like miles inside.)
Karl G.Sr. asked me how I was coping. I told him not well. Part of this, I said, was because of him. He and my mom (the late Rebekkah G.) were perfect parents and set a great example for me. I would give them both a five-star review. I told my father I felt like I let him down.
Karl G. Sr. then told me that wasn't true. And he told me he wasn't as good a father as he could have been. He then revealed to me that when he was at one point in time he was the top ranked junior in modern pentathlon, a sport that combines horseback riding, pistol shooting, fencing, swimming and running. I did not know this.
He gave this up, he said, when he met Rebekkah G. and wanted to settle down. He played it safe and settled into a career as the manager of a Garden State Parkway rest area.
I never took a chance, he said, because of him. And it's true. In college (Ramapo), I had a creative writing professor that really encouraged me to become a writer. Instead, I decided to focus on business and became an actuary. Don't get me wrong, I love being an actuary -- I currently run loss valuation modeling for DEB Stores, one of the most exciting and innovative companies in woman's retail. But I've finally owed up to the fact that it's not what I truly want in life.
Karl G. Sr. also told me that unless I took a risk, B'n"B might not either. They might play it safe and never chase their dreams. And that... that is something I don't want for them. I already missed enough dance recitals and bike polo matches, using work as an excuse. The last thing I want is to teach them to not live their life on their terms... not to live their life like me.
I thanked Karl G. Sr. Nothing like having a Sammie with your old man.
I would recommend the Henry James Saloon to any resident of Manayunk/Roxborough who is having a heart-to-heart with their father and realizes he wasn't perfect, and that's actually a good thing.Great food for a great price. Chicken Florentine sandwich is the best I've ever had. Pair it with cheese fries and cheesesteak egg rolls and you can't go wrong.Never disappointed with anything we order. My boyfriend always gets the Hank Jim, it's so good. Also the homemade potato skins are awesome.We got a Cheesesteak and paid the extra dollar something to 'pud' it. 'Pud'ing' it is putting hot stuff on it, Sauce and peppers.  It came on a traditional roll.  It had a decent amount of chopped meat. It came with french fries.  The Pud stuff was hot but it was all on the bottom of the cheesesteak.  I prefer to have my extras mixed in with the meat.  What little cheese there was, was melted.The Henry James is that spot everyone wish they had tucked in their neighborhood. Good sized bar, few small two tops, and a decent back area offering table. The staff is always friendly and remembers a returning face. Solid menu, daily drink specials, and awesome wings!! Will always a regular spot!Friendly staff, so welcoming! Definitely check this hidden gem out! ........................................Great food & AMAZING outdoors area... THATS DOG FRIENDLY!! Wings are gigantic & the fries were awesomeThis is a hidden gem! Their garlic parmesan wings is to die for! Seasoned perfectly and comes with some kind of creamy dill sauce.. Other wing places don't even compare to this place.. Also their cordon blue sandwich hits the spot! Rave rave rave to this place. Will try more of their menu. My husband and I are just so impressed! We ordered food to goIf you are looking for a great neighborhood bar, Henry James is your place. A few of my family members attended Textiles (now Thomas Jefferson University) and have been going to HJ for years, so when I moved to the Manayunk area they cued me in on this hidden gem. Now, Henry James has become one of my go-to spots and is very high up on my list of favorites, and for good reason! I look forward to coming here because I know I will always have great service and delicious food. The bartenders & servers make you feel super welcomed, and the food is above your typical, traditional bar food. The wings and cheesesteaks are awesome - seriously HJ cheesesteaks can give any place in Philly a run for their money. There is also a pretty good beer selection and they usually have drink specials. Cannot wait for my next visit!The Henry James Saloon might not be on any of your regular routes while exploring Manayunk-Roxborough. On the corner of Henry and Jamestown, this little spot has grown quite a bit from my first visit.  From a fully renovated bar area to the brand new back yard / outdoor seating, I would recommend finding a way to fit in a visit.  
Food wise, they have a decent selection of better than average bar food.  You can get burgers and sandwiches and several veggie friendly options as well.  I love the Hank Jim and the Cordon Blue Burger is pretty amazing too. 
As for drinks, it is a bar that has you covered.  They have a good selection on draft and a few bottles to pick from as well. I haven't tried any mixed drinks or cocktails, but I'm confident the bartenders can handle it.
No complains on service.  They are a friendly crew and willing to joke around with customers.  And the overall appearance of the place is great - especially with all the renovations!