Awesome place to grab a healthy, quick lunch to go. The menu is really simple and the ingredients are high quality, but it's actually cheaper than most other healthy fast casual restaurants nearby like Honeygrow or Sweetgreen.Just....wow!!
My daughter works across the street from Herban Quality Eats and was kind enough to bring me a platter home for dinner last night. I had the red rice and steak, quinoa and cheese along with the sweet potato mash. This was SO good & very filling!  The steak was delicious and it was very tender. I loved the sweet potatoes. Everything tasted really fresh. I don't remember the last time I had such high quality from take out food. I highly recommend Herban!The VEGAN JAWNS are nutritious balls of wholesome goodness! And this is coming from someone who is a very serious carnivore. I decided to switch it up for my first visit to Herban this week and I'm so glad I did. 
The plate: vegan jawns over the cold noodles, with sweet potato mash and veggie antipasto on the side.
The sauces: ALL the SAUCES! It's hard to choose because they're all SO good! Luckily there is a condiment station so you can get as much as you want.
The coriander is so tangy and wonderful, and the hot sauce, I must say is among the best I have ever had. Can you guys please bottle this and sell it?!
The sweet potato mash was very sweet (obviously) so I added some hot sauce and BOOM, perfection.
The antipasto veggies were a bit overmarinated for my taste, but I can get past that.
Overall, the food is very fresh, you get HUGE portions, and you won't feel gross after eating it.
The vibe is your usual fast casual, but the employees make this place great. When I walked in I was immediately greeted and the girl behind the counter came out to say hello and show me the menu. That NEVER happens. To be honest, I wasn't even going to buy lunch that day, I was just popping in to check it out, but she totally sold me! Can't wait to come back.I really love their food. It's kind a pricey so I go when I want to treat myself. If the prices were a little lower or the portions were bigger I would probably go more often. I've tried their steak, chicken, brussel sprouts, sweet potato mash, red rice and cheesy quinoa. Everything is seasoned so well. Definitely worth the trip!Refreshing to have such great quality food available at a totally reasonable price. I got the red rice with vegan jawns, sweet potatoes, and brussel sprouts. It was all delicious. The staff was helpful and friendly. I'll definitely be backI love yelp events, and events that are walking distance to my home are loved even more so. This event reminded me of my first yell elite event ( my first Yelp event period actually). It too was an open event for any yelper. I love how at events like these non elite yelpers get to mix and mingle with elite yelpers, many are new but very active community members and it's delightful to see. 
I like how this event took place during regular business operations of the venue, which I believe showed how they truly are, the food we received was specially made for yelpers, it was the same food that customers who walked in bought, I like that, a better way to judge a place on whether I'd come back or not. 
Honestly, the food wasn't really my style, but I'm really appreciative to Michelle for allowing me to try out a place in my neighborhood that I had intentions on trying out one day. 
I wasn't able to really socialize this go around as I was sick and coughing every 2 seconds and some ingredient in something I ate set off my allergies and my tongue began to itch terribly. I did ask what was in the food I received but perhaps something unknown was in there that staff wasn't particularly privy too. 
Thanks Michelle for dinner at a place near me !Herban Quality Eats is the perfect place to go for healthy food that taste good too! 
My meal ticket was presented to me as soon as I walked in and guess where my next stop was...YES! I headed right to the counter to place my order: one base, one protein and two sides.
I chose the Himalayan red rice for my base, grilled chicken for my protein, quinoa & cheese and sweet potato mash for my two sides...mmm mmm mmm. Oh and did I mention that a drink (non-alcoholic) came with the meal? Yea
I think I found my new spot to eat instead of trying to be on all those dumn diets. I can eat clean, be full and lose weight, not to mention feel healthy. 
The staff was super nice. That's nothing new though since we've already unofficially met at a few yelp events before. 
I must say though that this was a bit on the quiet side, very different from all the events I've been to thus far but it was nonteless a great night.
Thank you Michelle! See you soon:)Great lunch place.  The vegan jawns are pretty great. Don't forget the sauces by the counter.  Seem to be focuses on a healthy soul food concept, but a lot of choices of base and protein would mix it up.Got the vegan jawn, which should be obvious to the folks dishing out the food to not start sprinkling cheese on my salad.  I mean, that's not cool, kind of thoughtless, and made half the salad inedible, and I had to waste it, another no-no.  Y'all should just ask before doing that.
Other then that the food was good.  The vegan jawn was two large bean/grain balls, I had it on a somewhat underflavored sesame wheat noodle.  I also had a side of brussel sprouts and half a salad (cause I threw the cheesed part away).  I tried two sauces, the hot was definitely tasty, if not actually that hot, def the winner.  The walnut coriander was cilantro to the max, not my thing.  The ingredients were quality, and fresh.  The amount was large, definitely left feeling full.  The price on the vegan jawn is great, about $8 for a good dinner.  The place was clean and chill.  I would return, but will be more diligent about the animal product usage.It was good but not great. Pricey for the amount of food you get. I ordered jerk chicken over greens, sweet potato mash and Brussels sprouts. Chicken was good but portion was small. Sweet potato mash was very thin and pretty bland. Brussels sprouts had a mustard grain aftertaste. I also bought a bottle of water. For almost $12 I expected better. I'll probably go back again to try the vegan jawns but it won't be in my regular rotationHad the steak with sweet potatoes,red rice,quina n cheese n brussel sprouts..I paid extra for additional side ..everything super delish ..really looked carefully  at all the food on display n menu ..its very healthy n flavorful ..very friendly staff.  Great place ..my new regular spotCame here for s Yelp event and the food was great! I am doing Whole 30 with a friend and there wet tons of yummy options for us. We got the kale, grilled chicken and sides of brussel sprouts and sweet potato mash. The grilled chicken was delicious. I don't know how they cook it but it was juicy and tasty. Really enjoyed the brussel sprouts a lot as well. Thank you Yelp and Herban Eats for a great night!Healthy food that also taste delicious is hard to come by. This is the only place I have found that offers restaurant quality food (that is extremely healthy, yet still delicious) in a fast casual setting. Also, I was amazed by the prices - my first time I got the Salmon (which was a top 3 cooked salmon I have ever tasted, yet I wasn't in a fancy sit down restaurant) with my base (all meals come with this) and 2 sides, plus a cookie - all for ~$10. Healthy, quick, tasty, and even big portions (I eat a lot)!! I was literally impressed by all measures, and I don't say that a lot. [if they are in season - get the sweet potatoes too]This newly-opened (for a few weeks) place serves up hearty, filling food that also makes you feel good eating it, since it has a huge emphasis on healthy ingredients and food. It's a fast casual restaurant similar to the Chipotle model, so you go down the line telling the servers what protein, main, and side you wanted.
I got the chicken, quinoa, brussels sprouts and rice. I was pleasantly surprised by the rich taste of the food - I loved the quinoa and brussels sprouts (I would've actually gotten two servings of this in retrospect). My friend got the cold noodles - they were actually kind of bland and slightly disappointing, so I would recommend getting either the rice or salad option.This has become my go to spot near campus. The flavor profile is top notch, the consistency is great and it's healthy. There is enough variety in the seasonal menus to definitely stay satisfied as well.Causal, free food with friends and fellow yelpers.  What's not to like?
Herban Quality Eats provided us all with a few options for dinner, starting w/chicken or veggie and including any of their fresh sides and even a canned beverage.  I chose chicken on kale with the sprouts and quinoa.  The portion was enough to fill me up. The sampled each of the sauces on the side as well which sort of helped 'mix things up' while eating.  The hot sauce wasn't too hot, the tomato was probably a bit too sweet, but the walnut-coriander hit the spot.
Thanks Drew & Michelle, along with the Herban staff.  I enjoyed my quick, causal dinner and can recommend them from experience!Loved the chicken with hot sauce and the sweet potato mash. Very satisfying meal. Good price, healthy food, fast service.Great location for lunch. Looking forward to Herban developing into something spectacular. Great customer service. A little heavy on the paprika.Ate here for the first time tonight and really loved it. The food was healthy and flavorful, the sauces were a nice complement, the portion sizes were generous, and the price was affordable. I will definitely be going back many times.Must try! It's hearty land flavorful like thanksgiving dinner! Staff was very friendlyI'm so glad Yelp introduced me to this place, because their food is both unique and tasty in the world of fast casual dining. 
I suppose that I'll start with my gripe, since it isn't a huge one. The only bad dish I've had here was the vegan jawn (essentially a vegan meatball). It was very dry and a bit flavorless, so I was a little disappointed because I'd been looking forward to trying it. Stick to the real meat, sorry vegans! 
Aside from that all the food is tasty and relatively healthy. I love the quinoa and cheese as well as their sweet potato mash, both of which compliment each other quite well. The prices are maybe a bit high, but the portions are large. If you need something quick for lunch (or just something tasty in general) I highly recommend trying this place.This place was not great, especially if you're vegan. Probably my least favorite vegan restaurant in the city to be honest. Not freshWouldn't recommend...I'm really happy I finally took the time to try this place. Normally I am intimidated by the lunch-time crowds who frequent this type of place since you dont get table service, which can add up to a long wait in line. Fortunately, I found out you can avoid the wait by coming during dinner time.
You can customize what you eat by ordering a build-your-own plate, with your choice of protein, base, and two sides. All of the food is farm-to-table and quite healthy, which helps if you are watching what you eat. I ordered the himalayan red rice, grilled chicken, mashed sweet potatoes and spruce salad w/ mint coriander sauce. My boyfriend and I both agreed that the mint coriander sauce is the best, but were happy that we weren't limited to one option (there is a condiments bar located to the right of the check-out line where you can add any of the sauces to your plate). 
The chicken was surprisingly chockful of flavor and super-tender, which I wasn't expecting for a pre-cooked meal. The sweet potato is definitely on the sugary side - my boyfriend didn't like his but I finished mine and ate his. The only thing I wouldn't order again is the salad, because it was a little too vinegparpDang, if I still went to Drexel I would be at this place all the time. I really try to eat healthy and manage what I am eating. To find a place that serves delicious healthy meals makes my heart flutter with joy.
I sat at one of the large tables with a group of yelpers so we could chat and discuss the meal as we chowed down. The set up was that you were allowed to either get the vegan jawn or chicken with 1 base and 2 sides. I went for the vegan jawn on red rice with a side of mashed sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts. I also went for the walnut coriander sauce (the green sauce). I thought everything was delicious. I especially like the brussel sprouts - they had little raisins in them and were just tasty. I think next time I might pick up a side to take home and split it between my packed lunches for extra flavor. 
The decorations at Herban are very "on trend" with a farm to table type of vibe. Everything is organic and local (if it can be grown locally). Overall, I really like the vibe of this spot and can't wait to come back for another meal!I have been to Herban a few times since it opened last year. It's an a very convenient location to Penn/Drexel but the line has never been long when I've gone in at lunch time. Their menu changes seasonally, but the format seems to have changed a bit as well. It is set up like Chipotle where you choose a base, a protein, and 2 sides. They originally had 3 sauce options that you would choose with each meal, but I didn't see any this most recent time I went in (or at least they weren't offered to me), which is a shame because I LOVED their walnut coriander sauce. 
The quality of the food has been consistently good and it is definitely one of the healthier options in the area. However, the food looks and tastes like something I could make myself - which isn't a bad thing, because I consider myself to be a decent cook! It's just not anything amazing, but that isn't what it's trying to be, so that is perfectly fine.This is a fast casual place like Chipotle. Pick your base (noodles, rice, or greens), protein, sauce, and sides. On the pricey side, but you do get a good amount of food. Not enough for leftovers though. I've had the backyard steak twice. One time, the meat literally came right from the grill to my plate. I was very impressed: it was perfectly medium and well seasoned. The second time, the steak came from the prepped area and it was well done. Disappointing in texture, but flavor was there. If they could keep it medium every time, it'd be five stars.A bit biased Bc my buddy is head chef here...
But food is awesome. I'm a vegan so I typically get the same thing each time and it costs $8.50.
Kale salad w/ 2 vegan jawns (quinoa bean burgers on top.
Side of Brussels/sunflower seeds/cranberries
Side of sweet potato mash
Everything is flavorful, healthy and light.Back in October at an Elite Event, I learned about a  new-to-town restaurant opening down the street from where I worked. Herban Quality Eats is a welcome newbie to the neighborhood of University City which hosts students and employees of Penn and Drexel, employees and patients from the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and CHOP (The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia) alike. And, while we do have Subway, Wawa, and food trucks nearby, sometimes you want something fast, something healthy, and something delicious. OR something to fuel a good workout.
Enter: The Bros from Herban. I went the day it opened, and the mood was excited. We waited patiently, salivating as the goods started rolling out. The open kitchen allowed guests to watch the process, and I'll admit, I eat with my eyes. It was no surprise, then that my tummy began growling watching the lean steak flavored with a house spice rub being sliced on the table. In an area where the only "healthy eats" are salads and.... mostly salads, it was awesome to see a hearty and healthy plate loaded with delicious ingredients that didn't feel like bunny fodder.
I went for the Himalayan red rice as a base, the backyard steak, and sides of Brussels sprouts (roasted in coconut oil and tossed with dried cranberries and onions) and the quinoa and cheese (a high protein/fiber substitute for the often indulgent mac and cheese).
The Verdict?
GOSH this was good. The steak was fantastic, still pink inside and super juicy. I loved the base of the red rice, full of antioxidants and fiber. Their hot sauce wasn't quite to my tastes, but I'd put the walnut coriander (the green) sauce on EVERYTHING. Happily. I tried bites of the plantain chips and guac (nice deal for $3.70 when you need a quick snack) and the salmon, which was tasty, but the portion was a bit on the small side.
Taste-wise, this place is off the charts. And I think I could probably see myself grabbing lunch from here once every week or two. I'll also admit that, truth be told, the prices are a pinch steep for what I typically budget for lunch. Luckily, they're located in the heart of an area full of doctors, MBA students, and college kids LOADED with disposable income. I'm certain the gang from Herban is going to do very well for themselves.A gem for healthy food lovers! I had the red rice with grilled chicken, side of sweet potato mash, and side salad. The walnut coriander sauce is pretty awesome! I'll definitely make this one of my regular work lunch spots. I was surprised to see how limited their menu is, but it makes sense because it's all fresh! They didn't have the brussel sprouts when I went, so I hope they haven't discontinued making them.I really wish this place was closer to me! I stumbled across this gem when making a stop to student health and loved the healthier, locally sourced options here. The menu is simple and I love how customization is easy.
The seating area is nicely decorated and there are even some outlets if you want to use their wifi and study there. 
One star off because there were a couple flies flying around one time. Also, I came here one time during non-peak hours and was pretty much ignored. But otherwise, the service has been friendly and helpful.Visited the new location to pick up lunch on my way out of a doctor's appointment nearby. I went for a platter with kale, chicken, sweet potato mash, brussels sprouts and herban hot sauce. The hot sauce was a great addition to the chicken and kale. My only gripe- hence 1 star off- is the amount of sneaky sugar in the dishes. The Brussels sprouts contain dried cranberries and since everything is pre made behind the counter it didn't seem like I could get them without- same with the hot sauce, it had kind of a sweet quality to it that made me (a no-sugar freak) slightly suspicious. This may have been my fault though for not checking ingredients. Overall fantastic, great to have such a healthy and filling choice in university city! I'll be going back!The food is pretty good. Sauces are good as well. My co-working asked me if I wanted lunch from here I looked up the menu and notice it was healthy food and thought it was just going to be blah but the food is pretty good I came back multiple times since my first bite.My new favorite spot for healthy food!!!! I have had Herban twice already and the food is absolutely delicious. The quinoa and cheese was my favorite side dish. I added the hot sauce to my meal and it's to die for. I would buy bottles of the hot sauce if they were selling them. I also highly recommend the plantain chips with guacamole. It's the perfect experience for a quick meal.Finally.. Healthy food with GREAT flavor! I attended an event here for the soft launch. Wow! I'm so impressed. I had the salmon, brussels sprouts, and avocado salad. Everything was delicious!!! Especially, the Brussels sprouts. I've honestly never been a fan of brussel sprouts until now.
I will definitely come back and bring friends! Can't wait to try more items.I used to manage a restaurant and tend to notice everything. I stopped in here with some coworkers during our lunch break. The food was healthy and tasty. I loved the "vegan jawns". The staff and system was efficient, like a well-oiled machine. Best of all, the staff was super helpful and super friendly. Customer service like this just doesn't exist anymore. It always show how someone feels about the company they work for and I have to say, I feel good spending my money here. Keep up the good work and please congratulate your management team for selecting great employees and training such great employees.I was super excited for this establishment to open because I love places with plenty of nutritious vegetable and  grain options. I ordered a plate with supposed sesame noodles, chicken, sweet potatoes, and antipasto veg medley for $9.90. I tried all the sauces and like the spicy one and the lime ones best of the 3 kinds. The portion was decent but everything was very bland. I had to drench it all in so much sauce. I was expecting so much better  after seeing the line of people.  The noodles were intentionally  cold but completely flavorless as was the chicken. I didn't taste any vinegar on the veggies. The sweet potato mash at least was warm and had some flavor. I wouldn't go back. I prefer hip city veg, sweet greens , and slainte. They are nearby and a little more expensive but taste great. Or heck, I could go to one of the vegan food trucks (e.g., magic carpet , lyns, cucina zapata) on campus n get something better for a lesser price .Also loving Herban.  Great addition to an otherwise pretty dead stretch of road.  I've had a hard time finding a decent salad in this part of town, or anything remotely homemade and yummy.  This place has it.  The food is *fresh* and delicious.  The people are friendly and the vibe is really cozy and nice.  You can be in an out very quickly, even if there's a line ahead of you.  
FYI, if you are curious about the 'vegan jawn' - it's a bean and quinoa patty.  Very hearty, yummy and satisfying.I stop in here whenever I'm in University City.  The food is always really fresh and the staff is super nice.  I would highly recommend it if you are ever in the area.  Keep up the good work guysWent here for the soft opening:
This is the best lunch spot in the area. I'd walk 10 blocks out of my way for this food. Philly needs more places like this.
What to get: the chicken, steak and salmon were great. There's really nothing that's not amazing here. Really loved the Brussels sprouts. Unusual tastes and spices. This is not your traditional bland health food. This stuff is tasty and healthy. 
I wish there were more locations. I'd eat here every day. Please open more!Great place! It has a similar concept with food platters as chipotle but with much healthier (albeit more limited) options. Food is healthy and delicious. Brussel sprouts are awesome. Friendly service and clean interior. My only complaint is that the portions are just a bit too small.WOW! What an impressive concept and a great addition to University City. Herban is everything I was hoping for. It is a new option for a healthy meal other than a salad! The food is filling, fresh, flavorful, quick, and affordable - a combination that is nearly impossible to find in Philly. 
I have been there a couple of times and have tried different items. My favorites are the salmon and backyard steak (both cooked to perfection). The spruce salad, quinoa and cheese, and walnut coriander sauce are also phenomenal. Who knew healthy food could taste so good! Not only that, but the service is impeccable and the ambiance is very upbeat. I will be back in no time. Thank you Herban for exceeding my expectations!I love this place and am proud of them for sticking to their values even if it means being a little different. I really appreciate the delicious vegetarian options. I get the vegan jawns over salad with sweet potatoes and Brussels, every single time. I could eat here every day. Aside from the food being good, I really appreciate the home-cooked approach to the meal you get a well-balanced meal arranged beautifully on a nice ceramic plate, and I also appreciate the fact that the food is made with simple and healthy ingredients prepared simply -- you like veggies, and they give you simply prepared veggies sweet potatoes need very little to be delicious, and Herban understands this. The Brussels are not overcooked or over-salted. Herban is promoting and serving simple healthy food that is excellent because of the caring approach, quality ingredients, and they never over-process or over-salt which I think really sets them apart from a lot of other restaurants/lunch joints. They use sustainable materials and packaging here -- if you're dining in, you get a ceramic plate and silverware, and for takeout they use compostable/recyclable containers, and have a compost bin next to the trash bin. The staff is also extremely nice. This place is a class act all around.Herban Quality Eats is a really good (and healthier) option for lunch in the University City area where I work.
I usually get the chicken with any of the three bases (rice, noodles, or kale).  My favorite are the cold noodles.  I also usually opt for a side salad or Brussels sprouts for my one side and the sweet potato mash for the other side.  I change up my sauces each time, always getting two.  They are all good for the current sauces (they changed a few times) and I miss the walnut coriander sauce which no longer seems to be available.  My favorite is the herban hot sauce.
The chicken is always super flavorful and all of the ingredients are extremely fresh.  The service is fast and friendly!
Great for takeout or dine in.
The price is my only downside here, its a little pricey.  But you have to pay for good quality!
I highly recommend for a healthy option for lunch in the city.Been working across the street from this place for 3+ months and just now finding out about it...truly a shame for my mouth, a blessing for my wallet.
Everyone that worked there was very friendly and greeted me with a smile. Didn't have to wait in line because I went in the late afternoon. Did however have to wait a few minutes for the steak because it was MADE TO ORDER?? It came out perfectly (medium rare) and I had it over mixed greens, with broccoli and sweet potato mash on the side. Tried both the walnut coriander and herbed tomato sauces. Everything was terrific. Slightly preferred the walnut coriander, but that's not saying much since I drank the little cup of herbed tomato afterwards... Sweet potato mash was heavenly and I don't even normally like sweet potatoes, I just tried it because everyone else on Yelp seemed to like it.
Thrilled to have found a healthy, yet delicious place that's right near where I work. It's slightly expensive, but right on par for city lunches and honestly it's worth it knowing that the food is responsibly produced. Bonus point for providing nutrition info online too!!
Also on the way out I heard Trophies by Drake playing so if they didn't have me hooked by then, that was certainly the nail in the coffin.
Only qualm is that I would've liked even more food in ma belly but honestly that happens almost anywhere I go so...can't be considered a legitimate complaint.
HAD HIT RECORDS ON MY DEMO
DID Y'ALL BOYS NOT GET THE MEMOGot the vegan Jawn with herbed tomato sauce, the sauce tasted like Lysol, horrible. The vegan Jawns were barely warm. Also, it was difficult to see the selections, a little dark over the steam table and the signs were small, slightly confusing ordering concept . I appreciate what they're trying to do, but the food just wasn't good.I've been here for lunch several times and the food is always great. I don't like that they often change their seasonal ingredients and there's no way to know what they are serving that day (maybe I'm missing it?). Maybe update your website menu more often. 
Also, they just added a breakfast menu. Update your online menu with this because it looks great!I had a $1 coupon for a la colombe cold brew thanks to their rewards app. Went in and everyone was pretty confused about the coupon. Finally got my coffee and found out they have homemade almond milk (!!!) so good. 
Overall I think this place has quality healthy options and it's a good addition to u city.Amazing spot, have eaten the food a couple of times now and can't pick my favorite combination. The meats are all great, especially the salmon and backyard steak. The quinoa n cheese is a no brainer, prob my favorite dish on the menu. Importantly the veg options are all excellent too, in particular the vegan jawns and kale.  Overall does an excellent spot of combining healthy and satiating.This place is a gem. It does what a lot of fast casual "healthy" places say that they do (but don't actually) - fast, yummy, nourishing food with quality ingredients. Their food is carefully sourced, menus thoughtful, tried and true. The chicken is moist and delicious, sauces add even more punch of flavor. If I lived closer I would be here much more often.It seems to be a healthy food spot but for me it is still too greasy. Maybe I need to try salad next time.
But can you believe an extra side salad is $2.35 or something like that? See my picture. It is pricey!
Steak tastes good.
Personally the grilled vegetable antipasto salad is much better than spruce salad ! Really savory!
Generally it is over rated. There are places way for better...I enjoyed the salad, it tasted great and the ingredients were fresh. I expected a larger portion size for the price payed.Went here when it opened a couple months ago and it was pretty good. Only bad thing I would say is that it is not open on the weekends.And closes a bit too early during the night. And I wish the portions were slightly bigger. Its enough to fill content, but wish I had a bit more to feel full. 
The food itself is good and seems fresh. I got a plate before with wheat noodles, grilled chicken and sweet potato mash. It was delicious. It can be a bit pricey tho which does make me hesitant in picking this place.I had never heard of this place before, but what a nice place. Lots of vegan options, and an extremely friendly staff!It seems to be a healthy food spot but for me it is still too greasy. Maybe I need to try salad next time.
But can you believe an extra side salad is $2.35 or something like that? See my picture. It is pricey!
Steak tastes good.
Personally the grilled vegetable antipasto salad is much better than spruce salad ! Really savory!
Generally it is over rated. There are places way for better...
---------------updates----------
Didn't figure out how to reply. 
It is glad to know that the onset or the manager really care customers' review. Appreciate your comments as well. It is true that no restaurant can meet everyone's taste buds. Some of the food I really love it and I will recommend it to my friends and for other food I am not die for, i just will not order it ～ it is simple and straightforward ~ we don't think we can argue for whether too much oil is in the food cuz we have our one ways of cooking and eating habit. Hope everything goes on well in the restaurant and keep taking customers' review seriously like what you already have done. Looking forward a updated menu and check it out again~Second time costumer. I got the salmon rice sprouts and salad.  Not sure why but I had an awful stomach ache for 2-3 hours after.  First time I got the steak noodles quinoa and sweet potato mash and I felt fine.  Idk.It's kind of cool how Herban has this fast-food vibe going for it...it almost reminded me of being in a Burger King. The options are much healthier, though. I like that they offer some nice to-go options, like plantain chips with guacamole.  
The downside is the price, but they use a lot of fresh ingredients, so I can kind of understand. I was also a bit disappointed with their beverage selection (Izze sparkling soda, water, coconut water, or coffee). I wish they had some fresh juice options or green tea (I'd even go for house made lemonade). Hopefully they'll add in some other drink options soon!I was a little disappointed in the breakfast sandwich I tried- the chicken sausage was extremely dry and crumbly. The la Colombe coffee was great though and there's ample dining space in the restaurant. The tables and chairs are all very clean as well.Man oh man.
Every now and again, I head to Yelp because I really don't know what to get for lunch.  I wanted something healthy, and didn't feel like going to HipCityVeg for the 3rd time in a week.  I was happy to see a new place had just opened up just a few blocks from where I work at HUP.
I got the vegan jawn (having the word "vegan" in the menu is always exciting) over kale, with the sweet potatoes and brussels sprouts for sides.  The vegan patties were well-spiced and filling, the kale was nicely dressed, the brussels had craisins and sunflower seeds and some kind of tasty, subtle dressing, and the sweet potatoes (made with coconut milk) were bangin'.
One of the employees circulated with brownie samples (also vegan and tasty).  Win.
I can't wait to try more combinations!I stopped by this place yesterday and I was so impressed with this staff. The customer service was great!  A woman greeted me immediately and when I told her that I was trying to figure out the menu she jumped into action to help me. She was super friendly, patient and helpful. I was also impressed by the quality of the food. The only con is that the food isn't as diet friendly as you'd think. I recently started Weight Watchers so this is a concern. When I plugged the information from the nutritional information into my WW app the veggies are much higher than I would have expected. But nonetheless it's healthier than a lot of other options nearby and it is a good treat.This is one of those places whose food is so heavily visually yummy & nutritious that whenever I get takeout people ask me where I got my food. I'll go out of my way from my usual walk down Walnut because it's just such a guarantee that I'll be happy with my purchase and my food when I go there.
The vegan jawns filling and delicious, as well as the soups, sweet potatoes, salads, and even their yogurt. It's one of the places on campus where my I am physically happier after I eat their food -- something about it makes you feel like you're doing good to your psyche and body. 
Best of all, the servers are not just courteous, but feel almost caring and are always in good spirits. Each one of them is the complete opposite of a stressed barista having a bad day. Definitely one of my fondest venues on campus!A health-conscious fast-food eatery called Herban has opened in a new building rising off of Market Street in University City.  It's hitting a lot of right notes.  This is another restaurant where there are no set menu items - you order at the counter and decide how to put things together.  The difference here is that the sides are not mixed in with the base and protein.  Rather each plate has compartments to separate the protein and base from the two sides you order.  Sounds confusing?  It actually isn't.  Let me describe my recent meal here.  I ordered as a base the perfectly cooked Himalayan Red Rice, grilled chicken for my protein, and sides of quinoa and cheese and another side of quinoa with parsley and tomatoes.  It was all very tasty.  
There are two other plusses here.  Water is free - just help yourself ... and even more important - the sauces are free.  The sauces are very delicious and I have a tip - mix the Herban hot sauce with the walnut coriander sauce and you have a totally flavorful addition to your meal!2nd time to this place and I can't recommend it enough!  Staff is attentive and helpful.  Food is delicious and fresh and the vibe is perfect.  Went in to get a salad, but they have a jerk chicken sandwich on special and it was one of the best jerk chicken sandwiches I've ever had.  Go to this place so it can last forever and ever.This place is long overdue for the University City neighborhood. My husband and I come here regularly since it opened and love the food. Their menu has definitely helped us manage our healthy living lifestyle goals for this year.I would give a 3.5 if I could. I was really exited to try this place out but was slightly underwhelmed. I think I also came at a weird in between time ?430pm)  and it felt like all the food had been sitting out a while. I had the rice and steak and mashed sweet potatoes and quinoa and cheese. I put the spicy sauce on the steak which I liked but i feel like it didn't mix well with the sweet potatoes and I don't know why I got the quinoa when I already got a big pile of rice! The steak was overdone but had great flavor. I really do like the concept of this place and am looking forward to trying a different combo.I love that this neighborhood has a healthy lunch option. As others have mentioned the steak is delicious, I usually get it with Kale , Quinoa and Brussels sprouts. My wife who wants me to eat more greens love that I do this. Ive had the chicken also and that was very tasty (and cheaper)Herban stands out among the variety of fast casual restaurants in University City because it's not only healthy but very tasty. I really enjoy coming here for their dinner menu and having a quick sit down meal. The atmosphere is light and warm, and the staff is friendly and helpful. If you are looking for some healthy, simple, delicious food go check this place out.Completely overrated.  Chicken jerk was decent, but the curry quinoa and cheesy grits were overcooked and very dry. Actually, it was so dry a staff member pointed it out as they served it to me and proceeded to charge.  Most likely will not be returning. Not much to say because there is not much to write home about.This place is everything. Incredibly delicious, healthy, and wonderful options. You create a platter with a base, protein, and two sides. I tried the kale base with chicken, and had quinoa and cheese and Brussel sprouts on the side. Everything was SO tasty.... The kale was perfectly dressed, chicken was tender and flavorful, and the Brussel sprouts were just delicious and had cranberries tossed in. But the quinoa and cheese was without a doubt the star. I have never craved quinoa before, but since eating there it's all I can think about. 
I can't wait to go back. This for sure will be a regular choice.Came back here for UC Dining Days last week. It was a $15 prefix 3-course meal, which was surprisingly creative for a fast-casual spot. I wanted the guac, but they were out, so I went for the hummus which was delish.I've been to Herban Quality Eats a few times. The food is fantastic and delicious. Also, they're usually quick with the service. It should take no more than five minutes to receive your food. Although, recently I had to wait 20 minutes just for a side of sweet potato mash. I'm a patient person so I didn't mind, but the management should take more action with prepping the food beforehand. It seems like they're always out of quite a few options and people would sometimes wait just for a side. It's not a big deal to me, but I can see how others would be affected.
Although, the staff working behind the counter are very nice and kind people. So, this would be a 4/5 for me. Still would recommend if you're not in a rush.Decent food. Reasonable option if you want something quick, casual and reasonably healthy. 
Portion size of the salmon was quite disappointing considering the price.  Salmon was nothing exciting just tasted like a baked piece of fish. 
Overall food in my opinion deserves about a 3.5. Staff was pleasant. The set up feels very similar to a chipotle. 
Not worth a special trip in my opinion but if you are in the area and want a healthier fast food alternative this is not a bad choice.This is a solid lunch destination in an area sorely lacking in healthy options.  I've only had the salmon so far, and was pleasantly surprised that it was still moist and not overcooked like you would expect from a fast food-ish place.  The whipped sweet potatoes with coconut oil are also heavenly.Great food and great catering service for small lunches. They are responsive in their communication and always bring food on time! I usually have them cater for 10-15 people and have not had a disappointed group yet. They have great vegetarian options.HUGE fan of Herban Quality Eats. Have been a fan of this place since it opened, and can't wait to see how it evolves and transforms over time. Though it is a little out of the way, I definitely would recommend stopping by. An open, sunny space boasting healthy + clean eats, customizable, etc. it definitely is for everyone.
I always opt for the greens base, and have tried the chicken and vegan jawns protein offerings, the sweet potato and brussels sprouts (my favorites!), and all of the sauces. All are so tasty, and taste healthy as well. I love that you really can curate your own menu offering depending on dietary restrictions, taste preferences, etc.
Looks like they are also experimenting with seasonality in their menu offerings, so you can also expect some menu rotation to keep things interesting and dynamic. Keeps ya coming back!
Overall, LOVE this place for a healthy meal. Expect to pay $9-$11 for your healthy food, but hey - healthy is still expensive. At least you can spend these dollars knowing you're getting high quality, consciously cooked food.Delicious and healthy option for an affordable price. Definitely will be coming back again!Herban Quality Eats is brand new and an absolute go-to. You build your own plate, starting with your base, adding protein, two sides, and topping with a sauce. Not only is the food fresh, delicious, and healthy, but you get a bang for your buck!The event was casual (perfect after work on a pre-spring Tuesday), but the portions were serious.  The entire meal was well-seasoned, but the three optional sauces were very complimentary--the walnut-coriander sauce was especially delicious.
Thank you for hosting this event and introducing me to tasty, healthy food near my work.Excellent spot! I got the chicken which was about $9. The steak and salmon are a bit pricey ($12-14 I think) but it's definitely worth it due to the quality of the food. Very healthy alternative compared to other spots in UCity. I highly recommend.Yum Yum Yum! I love this place for lunch. The staff isn't incredibly friendly, but the food will make up for that. I often order a salad with the best marinated chicken I've had in a long time- so good! The beef, sweet potatoes, and asparagus are my favorite.
I know they are using fresh ingredients so it's a bit expensive, and oftentimes they have very limited menu options.Ordered from Herban Quality Eats just a bit ago and my dinner was delivered super fast (and is already gone!) This time I tried the backyard steak over sauteed greens with a salad and sweet potato mash on the side. The steak is amazing! I don't know what they marinate it in, but it's super tender, easy to cut, and the flavor is really great. Doesn't need sauce to make it better (but you get sauce free on the side as part of the plate should you need it). I may order this instead of chicken when I order here. 
A Tip: If you go to Pottruck they often have Herban pamphlets just beyond check-in that sometimes have promo codes on the menu. If you're looking an excuse to try it, 10% off should do it. They're also a small business, always feels good to support a small operation!Herban Quality Eats has been my favorite lunch place for more than 6 months. It's the best choice to grab a healthy yet delicious weekday lunch in University City, where I work. I always go for their platter for about $10, and they have special soup, salad and sandwich on certain days. Sign up as a member with your phone number and you can get text alert of these specials. I think Herban really hits the sweet spot by combining healthy and fast food.