Need to say no more that this is my favorite place in Chinatown, to get soy milk and Jiandui which is my all time favorite breakfast combination.Yum! I was so excited to try the rice rolls they have. I used to eat these everyday in Taiwan and I couldn't find them in Pittsburgh. Thank God they sell these here, I even bought two extra back to Pittsburgh. The price is so reasonable too, I just wish they take credit card. However, credit card or not, I will definitely come back here again. Everything is so authentic.I got sweet tofu with the ginger syrup.  So good!  I recommend it for any tofu fan.I came here with my girlfriend to try some tofu dessert. Upon entering the shop, there were varieties of tofu dessert to choose from ranging from $1.50 for the plain and $1.75 for the ones with topping. We ordered a peanut tofu pudding, red bean tofu pudding, and a fried taro cake.
The tofu puddings were fresh and hot with the ginger syrup.However, the taro cake was on the colder side. I'll definitely drop by in the future when I'm in the area for tofu puddings.Carbs carbs overload!! 
I truly enjoyed my carb overload breakfast here. Ordered the salty tofu, the tofu is sooooo soft and smooooth. It's topped with dried shrimp, green onions, garlic chip? Hot sauce and soy sauce. Talk about comfort food done right! 
I also order the sticky rice. This you can skip. It's not very fresh so the rice has hardened. 
The fried taro dough is interesting, wish it has more taro in it. 
I also ordered the sweet rice roll. This roll isn't sweet at all. It has fried dough and preserved veg and pork floss inside. Oh so good and oh so bad for you. 
I was stuffed and I only paid $12 for 2 people. Well worth every penny and every calorie. 
I will not hesitate to return.I was excited to try this place after reading all the reviews. However upon entering I wondered if it was the correct place. It was very dirty, dimly lit, and just uncomfortably small. I ordered anyway; 
A Chinese doughnut - hated it. Was oily fried dough with no flavor whatsoever other than the oil. Gross. 
4 sesame temple balls - also very oily but also tough. Not very flavorful or satisfying. 
Ginger douhua - was actually delicious and very cozy. Was satisfied by its delicate flavor. It wasn't amazing by any means and doubt it's the best in the city (haven't had it anywhere else) but it was good anyway. 
All in all it was worth it just for the douhua. Everything was only $4 which was unbelievable lol .LIke everyone else said, the silken tofu here is cheap and delicious.  Definitely a fan.Tofu with ginger sugar.... simple, yet refreshing. The prices are very reasonable for this hole in the wall sweet house of goodness. Heads up - this place can be packed with lines literally wrapping out of the store, especially on the weekends. Ca$h only!
There's something therapeutic about watching the owner scoop out pieces of tofu. He's so cute and hardworking.. I think he deserves a vacation for keeping up his desserts.If you're looking for Filipino taho (sweet tofu) this is the place! The tofu is silky and the syrup (both regular and ginger) are on point. The sweet tofu is best when eaten warm but still hood even a day later.The food is cheap and delicious. It is a very good Chinese restaurant to try on and to eat breakfast. Cash only. And you better pack them to go. It is more like a Chinese fast food place.Small restaurant but the sweet food is super, including congee, zongzi (Shanghai, Hongkong and Taiwan flavors). Great!Do not get the " big bun" 大包， it's the worst I've had in my life. The Taiwanese rice dumpling no good... any street grandma can make it better. The stir fry rice noodle, wow there were several small pieces of cabbage in it. Other places have more things in it besides noodles. I also got he tofu pudding with red bean, that was the only thing I find acceptable. Sorry maybe because the reviews were so high I expected something a little better.This is the place to go to for soft tofu dessert.  Silken tofu with ginger suger syrup that's filled to the brim of the container. You can't go wrong with that. Everything is freshly homemade and so good.
Might not be english friendly but don't let that get in the way of getting good hot tofu.Tried the salty tofu. It was good and reminded me of what I remembered when I was in China. This little place does offer items that are authentic. If you are Chinese or happen to like Chinese tangshui (糖水), you will find this place delightful. The only downside is that the place is very small, which makes it a little unpleasant to enjoy eating inside.I love this little hole in the wall place! The soy milk is the best and is only $1.25! Other traditional Chinese desserts/ street food are very authentic. I always stop by whenever I'm in Chinatownreally?
i guess cause im not around there that's why people think this place is the best.
you guys got my hopes up...
its worse than san jose!
but no i wont complain cause im not from around there
but i guess you should try this place if its the best you guys can have it..My fav toufu nao place in Philly. Super family restaurant style and you know it is Chinese authentic breakfast place.  Like their sticky rice wrap too. In winter, whenever I visit China town, I will stop here for breakfast and I suddenly felt all warmed up!I'm sad to leave the one-star review. We live about an hour away so every time we go to Chinatown it's like a kid going to a candy store.  We would buy stuff whether it's authentic Chinese food or bakery or dessert to bring home to savor later on. This place was definitely the highlight since they have the sweet tofu dessert.  We've been coming here for over 20 years and the original owners, a lovely old couple were great.  It didn't matter if we get 3 or 30 (happened twice since we also run errand for our relative and friends) and beaver had an issue.  My sister even forgot 5 of hers and, two weeks later (I kid you not), after a dare, still tastes great. 
Now with the new owners, same with the Asia Bakery, I thought would be a shoe-in.  November, we got, I think eight, and the very next day, it was souring. I called them about it and they were nice enough to say to ask for the "boss" to get them replaced.  Since we come here maybe less than once a month,  I had to explain when I got there, and luckily Asia Bakery was just across the street,  and hesitantly, they replaced six. 
About a month later, same thing happened.  I didn't feel like paying for as equivalent of $2 for a plastic container,  so I called again.  They weren't as nice, but said to speak to the boss. 
January I came, and I asked my sister to pick up the replacement since I was running errands.  I finished them went to the store.  Amazingly, the guy recognized me, and asked if we were together.  I did not lie and said yes.  Then he let me have it - that it's impossible that it happened, no way, nobody ever complained,  etc.  I replied by explaining that we never had issues neither, and that I wasn't trying to hassle and waste both our time just to get it free.
Imagine that!  What a great customer service.  As an Asian, we normally do not complain and just take it in.  But sometimes, there's this thing called principle -maybe nobody else did complain, but it didn't mean that mine didn't go bad. I will not go back there again.  I'll just make my own sweet dofu- how hard can it be?Cheap prices, great food, fast service. I would highly recommend the salty tofu. FYI - his place is cash only. It does have two tables and counter seating for eating in.If you want a breakfast of dou jiang (soymilk) and you tiao (fried dough), this is the place to go. The you tiao didn't taste very fresh, but it did taste very fried. Oh well. The place also serves cold drinks and smoothies, as well as douhua (tofu pudding). It's relatively inexpensive, and can be fun for a quick bite.Ahhh fresh hot silken tofu with ginger syrup all for $1.25. LOVVEEEEEE!!!! Next I must try just buying some plain and try making soondobu :)It is my first time to have tofu hua in U.S since I came here two years ago and this place does not disappoint me! My parents and I tried both salty and sweet tofu hua, zongzi, soybean milk and fried sticks. All were very authentic for only 11 bucks!A small "hole-in-the-wall" but a gem in Philly Chinatown to satiate that authentic Taiwanese style breakfast cravings. Their salty and savory do hua with chili sauce really hit the spot!Been here a total of 3 times now.. twice they are closed haha, so in total 5 times I guess?
I just really really really like everything they have..!!! It's just so tasty and authentic and reminds me of home! Their duo fu hua is so good (especially with red beans!) 
 (NOTE: They are closed on Wednesdays! And also they run out of things pretty fast, I think usually by 5~6 they are out of a lot of things, so it's more fresh in the morning. so make sure if you were going late, call and ask about what they have left)Got the hot tofu soup/dessert and it was delicious.  They gave the sweet sauce on the side so I could set to my own taste.  The place is very very small so don't let the pictures fool you.It's ok. Soy milk is a little bland, and the salty bean curds is good enough although the pickles are tasteless. Couldn't blame them since no good pickles can be purchased here in the states. The opening hours is great, fair price, warm soy milk for early winter morning, so I will still give four stars for the comfort.I absolutely love this dessert place. So traditional. So good. There's little to no place like this in Chinatown. At least not as good. They sell not only traditional Chinese desserts but Chinese Buns and other little quick eats. If you love Chinese desserts as much as I do. This plaCr is a must try. I've been coming here ever since I was a little girl. I am now 25. It's a small place, so a quick bite or to go is perfect. Cash only unless you hit $15 then you can use card. Everything here is pretty cheap. $2.5 for a bowl of dessert. My favorite is the sweet tofu dessert.tofu fa with ginger sugar! that's what my granny used to make for me when i got sick. 
sometimes I bring the plain tofu fa home and eat it with hot sauce with black bean...and if i have chives, i'll chop them up and add to my Guiyang style tofu fa. 
this place doesn't take cash but come on! I don't think there's anything more than $5 on their menu.My family has been buying 豆花 (tofu dessert) from here for as long as I can remember. We always get it with 姜糖 (ginger syrup). It's always a treat.
Recently, I came here with my boyfriend and we tried dine other things from the menu, including 蘿蔔糕 (radish cake) and 油條 (fried dough). The fried dough was nice and crispy. The radish cake was prepackaged, but since we were eating it there, they heated it for us in the kitchen. It wasn't pan-fried the way I like it, and there weren't many ingredients mixed in. It was okay, but not great. My boyfriend also asked for tea, which they didn't usually serve, but they were willing to give him hot water and a tea bag.
The place is small and dingy, but it has good food and fond memories for me.The best place to get Tofu Hwa and ol' school Chinese dessert porridges, sweet soups and drinks! Absolutely love coming here in fall/winter time!This is a gem of chinatown, looks like a hole in the wall but their signature tofu dessert is my favorite.  I never really get anything else here but their tofu dessert.  They seem to have a variety of flavors from salty to sweet.  I'm not a fan of salty tofu so never tried it.Woot! $1.75 for  tofu pudding (dofuhua) with a container of sweet ginger syrupy. This is straight a breakfast place. We came here at 6pm and they were basically closed. We were lucky to get one of the last 5 tubs of the sweet tofu pudding. Woot!!I understand this is a sweet house and that it is hong kong, but it is my to go place for a traditional taiwanese breakfast. I am a huge fan of the salty/savory stuff vs the sweet. The sweet isn't bad, but my preference is to hit it up on a weekend morning before the rush.
I like the salty soy milk in a bowl and then I throw some chili oil on there and order a side of the oil cruellers, which get torn up and thrown in the bowl. Then to finish it all off I get the glutenous rice wrapped crueller with some bitter veggies in it and pork sung. 
To go, I may get some taro tapioca soup or a cold soy milk for the long walk of shame home. What a fatass, i just disgusted myself reading this.great food  the tofu is sweet and taste very good thery also have othrr selection as wellLike others have said, the thing to get here is the fresh, hot tofu. I came wanting to try the sesame balls, but no luck. They ran out both times I came here. I guess the trick is to come early so you don't miss out on the good stuff!Fresh Hot Soymilk = LOVE.
The Mai fun is also good ! 
But one time, my friends got us tofu fa & when they asked for more sugar/honey the man flipped out.. regardless of that, I still give 5 stars because everything is super cheap and well you just can't beat that !Their fried sesame balls were ok and not a great deal at 1.50 for 4 very small pieces. Not crispy enough and not enough filling in it. I'd like to try their more authentic Chinese items to see if the other food is better.Had the cold tofu dessert with plain sugar, it was very good. Also had the cold soy milk and that was excellent too. Small shop but enough for dessertsTofu here is delicious!! 1/10 time it might be burned or a miss, but 9/10 it's awesome. Pricing is pretty cheap. One tofu container is only $1.75!I love this place.  It looks like a tiny hole-in-the-wall but it's awesome.  It was the first place in Chinatown to offer bubble tea when it first came to Philly.  I love their fresh soybean drink and various desserts.  I have no idea what each one is called but I try a new one every time and have yet to be disappointed.  All I know is that some contain tapioca, mung bean, soy, and/or coconut.  They also have sticky rice dumplings wrapped in leaves and stir-fried flat noodles.  I always make sure to stop in every time I'm in Chinatown.  The owner does appear grouchy but he's like a Chinese parent: well-meaning but afraid to show his soft side.  Yes, it's tiny and the oxygen flow might be on par with a poorly ventilated fume hood but the food is worth it.It's a bit strange to say that there is a unique store in Chinatown. However, I think the honor is well-endowed to Heung Fa Chun Sweet House. They have many of what I consider to be Chinese staples - soy milk & its desserts, and Chinese tamales (zongzi). They don't focus on boba or pastries, but rather specializes in specific types of dishes (soy), and I have to say, they've got it made. 
I ordered the Sweet Tofu Dessert (see photo below) for $1.50, and it was pretty fresh.  I believe it was a pint container. They give you options for toppings, but I stayed with the simple ginger (over sugar). Ooh, I haven't had that northern Chinese dessert in years.A sweet place to stop by in Chinatown. 
Sweet House offers different types of sweets and snacks for excellent prices! My favorites are the soy milk (which I get sweet and cold), their sweet soups, and their sticky rice wrapped in leaves (not really sure what the English name for this is so I just made something up?). 
It definitely helps to speak Mandarin here, otherwise it might be hard to order/know what you can even order in the first place. 
Located very close to the Chinatown gate in Philadelphia, Sweet House is pretty central to many places in Chinatown. Definitely worth a try.Best $1 I've spent in a long time.
Got a giant fluffy steamed red bean bun. The bread is tender, moist, and slightly sweet. There isn't much red bean filling, but it's just as dense and sweet as I remembered! Perfect to hit that bao craving.
Next time I'll try the sweet tofu pudding, which was clearly the customer favorite!The soy milk reminds me of what I used to have when I was studying in Beijing. It's really nice. I asked for less sugar so I could taste the "soy".Yummy, very sweet milk tea. We were disappointed with the doughnut though - it was tough, wasn't sweet at all, and was actually just fried dough. Must try some of the soy/tofu desserts next time!Oh this place has great steamed tofu sweet and savory that is well worth the price. Not fatty light and good old fashioned Chinese desert. They also hv a selection of sticky rice mixture wrapped in banana leaves that are great. Beware of the not so clear English menu hahaI know this is Philly and not Asia but I can't bring myself to rate this any higher than 3 stars. The only thing that's passable here is the bean curd. It tastes only just about as good as the average stall in Asia. The rest - porridge, rice dumplings - are below the average standard than I'm used to. 2.5 stars but I guess I'll round up to account for geography.Wow...  I'm impressed.  Wish Chicago Chinatown  had a place like this.  A little dive location where you order at the counter and sit down or take it to go.  Not the cleanest of places but you know that's where all the delicious food is at.  I got the salty tofu with no shrimp, fried dough, and sticky rice balls with no meat.  Not as good as mom's but no one ever is.Great food at a great price!! The best sweet tofu pudding in the city. Soy milk here is also delicious and served hot. I always go here in the mornings for a quick biteI tried this tonight. Had the red bean sweet tofu pudding. Thought it was great. The owner was less-than-helpful, thus only four stars. When i ordered, he said "hot or cold?" i told him it was my first time and asked for his recommendation. He shrugged and said, "your choice." Irritating, but I did enjoy the pudding (i ordered it cold).My best favior chinese food in here, Heung Fa Chun Sweet House. I bring my son over there, then he askes for "fantuan"(the name of food overthere) everyday. 
I like soymilk , drop tofu and "fantuan" in there. They are closed on every Wed. So don't go to try on Wed.My parents and I stopped by here, craving some sweet green bean soup (dunno how to translate it). It was pretty bad: tasteless, with almost no hint of sweetness whatsoever. The guy at the counter greeted us quite unfriendly. Won't be coming back here any time soon :/This place is amazing.  Cheap desserts that are delicious.  This is the only place in Chinatown that I have found that makes desserts that taste homemade (unlike nearly every other bakery).  I live in San Diego now and miss this place dearly. If only they could open a San Diego branch.  I always make a pit stop when I go back to Philly.This place has been around for many years. But 7/4/2016 I made my first visit. Stop by for soybean milk, salty soft tofu (tofu hua) and other traditional Chinese food . The food is surprisingly good. Spent less than $10 but got decent breakfast for 2 persons. Wonderful place!Damn.. for only $3.50, I got myself a hot sweet soy milk, mung bean sago, and a tofu-fa with ginger. This was my 2nd time here, and I'm totally sold. I left this place feeling so lucky to have found somewhere in philly chinatown that sells such GOOD chinese food for so cheap - not just desserts, but good noodles too. I still have yet to try their sticky rice (zhong) but wouldn't be surprised if they're just as good. Anyway, if you wanna try traditional chinese breakfast food items, get the chinese donut with the hot sweet soy milk! Yum!$2.50 for a filling and healthy breakfast? Sign me up! I was looking for a place in Chinatown that was open early (as most of the dimsum places were only open at 10 or 1030) and I found myself a savior at Heung Fa Chun. There is an English menu now, but it seems to lack some of the critical things like century egg congee - whuuut?
I got myself a savory beancurd bowl, which was a heaping bowl of silken beancurd with laden with soy sauce, chili sauce, and sprinkled with pickled vegetables, scallions, and little dried shrimp. It was delicious! The flavors and textures all worked together very well. It was a low-fat, high protein dish, for only $2.50 - and I'll certainly be recreating this.A good and cheap little restaurant. We added some spicy source on our salty tofu and it was very spicy and a little salty. The steamed bao was really delicious, but I wished it was actually steamed and wasn't re-heat for service.This is ultimate no-frills comfort food. I loved the sweet and savory tofu options and the stick rice "zhongzi". I don't read Chinese so I basically just watched what other people ordered and repeated what they said and it all turned out tasty and cheap for me. Seating is tight so I would bring cash and eat quickly.I had the dou hua here (sweet tofu pudding or whatever you want to call it) with ginger sauce.  $1.50... 25 cents more expensive than Tofu Guy in NYC, but I'd gladly pay the extra quarter for the much better sugar-ginger sauce!!
I would have given it 5 stars because it was freaking good, but it had some sort of weird fried/fast food restaurant/oil hint to the tofu.... like it smelled greasy and had a hint of old grease smell to it.... weird??Wandered in this place looking for bubble tea. got a coconut.. very good indeed. Discovered a sweet soup with taro and small tapioca pearls sitting on counter for $1.50...amazing...i"m hooked. Tofu/wginger was very good. Nice lady...man a bit grumpy but they are very helpful. Place always busy..good sign. Also very good were the noodles w/ veg and the unsweetened iced 24 herb tea..It was my favorite place to get tofu, but their food taste different ever since they changed the ownership. Tofu is lack of soy bean taste, very watery or I should say too much liquid when they prepare it. Sugar syrup taste different as well, regular sugar syrup is not even sweet anymore and the ginger sugar syrup is also lack of ginger taste, it is not as good as it used to be.My go-to place during my 5 day conference here. Salty Tofu soup is so good. Exactly like what I had in my childhood in China. Zong zi is yummy. Even sticky rice itself has a lot of flavor.Tasty Taiwanese / Chinese food and desserts, including freshly made do-hua and soybean drink (both salty and sweet, hot or cold, peanuts, sugar, and honey optional). Only counters to sit at, for the most part, but nothing's too complicated here. A lot of menus on the wall, most of them written in Chinese, though.
Oh, if you're too slow in ordering, people give you a nasty look, but you can ignore it, the owners usually take orders around you while you think about what you want. Not a terrible lot of space, so you could be crammed in here along with all the people who stop in for various small eats to go.
One of the better places for a quick, hot breakfast in the morning, although I have popped in for a fast lunch here, too.Tiny hole in the wall that most people wouldn't look twice at unless they knew what they were looking for. I was looking for dou hua (tofu pudding). And I found it.
$1.50 for a container of dou hua with toppings if you want. Awesome. Plus other desserts, zong zi, you tiao, breakfast stuff. The elderly couple that run the place are really nice. It'll help if you know chinese or are familiar with what you're trying to order.There's this guy on YouTube named Mikey Chen and because of him, I've been craving some real Chinese food, specifically the fried dough with a savory tofu soup. I knew I was going to go to Philly soon so I planned ahead and found this place (this wasn't the only place I went to while in Philly). When I came here, the place was tiny. The moment you walk in, you're right there, at the counter. You order then either go outside or to the tiny room to your left which can hold up to 10 small people. The lady and son? were very nice and even poked fun at us for going there all the way from Maryland just to try this staple food from them.
I ordered the fried dough and savory tofu soup and they were delicious. 
No puns intended in advance. The fried dough is dough that is fried. :P But the texture just felt great in your mouth. Then when you dip the fried dough into the tofu soup, it sucks up all that savory soup and when you take a bite, the flavors burst into your mouth.
I've only had the fried dough and savory tofu soup. They were both tasty.I bought three things - 1) GUI LING GAO 2) Cane Sugar Tea 3) Taro & Tapioca Pearl Dessert.  2) and 3) are not fresh, having soury taste which is typical with food that has gone bad.  I had to toss both items, money wasted.
This is a small place but I'd expect good quality food and traditional Cantonese cooking, just as advertised.  It is really not.Amazing place with memorable deserts, which make me think of my hometown. Try tofu pudding, soy bean milk, of course the transitional Taiwan Zongzi!Oh my god - I almost died and went to heaven when I saw that they had peanut do hua. Wonderful find! They have all kinds of do jiang (soy bean milk) and also do hua, which is like tofu but has a smooth texture like custard, but more water content. They had a bunch of other stuff like zong zi (sticky rice wrapped in leaves) and red / green bean soups. Definitely coming back here soon.I freaking love this place! Cheap sweet tofu pudding with ginger sugar. Silky and hot tofu. The syrup has a nice, strong ginger taste. I did not know that red bean goes so well with sweet tofu, but I am so glad I tried it. YUM YUM YUM!I've been looking for fresh steamed red bean buns for years. The one I had his morning was beautiful. 10/10. Tried the soy milk too which was interesting.I got rice soup,  say bean milk, rice cake and sticky rice cakes. It's only $7 for everything and every item just tastes as it tasted like in my childhood.  Great shop.It's a 3.5 experience and I will reserve the 0.5 star for next visit trying their salty to fu (XIAN DOU HUA) and fried dough (YOU TIAO) .
This was the most expected stop of my Chinatown sweet venture since years ago. I used to get their Herbal Jello and personally it was hands down the most authentic to what you would get in Hong Kong.
Tried the highly reviewed sweet to fu but was slightly underwhelmed. To fu was tender and red beans were soft but it lacked the sweetness I was craving so hard for. I would recommend asking the lady to put extra ginger syrup if you are dining in.
I tried to order turnip cake and the lady told me they only served them cold. Probably it has been this way a long time but it was a letdown. I ordered the recommended taro cake and was surprised that it was not sweet but slightly salty tasting. Overall it wasn't bad but not amazing either, leaving a greasy taste in my mouth.  
The true disappointment was the Shanghai pork sticky rice cake. The rice was cold, oily and NOT sticky.Yum yum yum! tofu fa with ginger sugar!! The texture is very smooth with a bit of graininess. I'm giving it 4 stars because I've had much smoother tofu fa in the Chinatown in NY. It's good being a place that primarily does sweet food and I like how the owner was very honest with me when I asked for taro with tapioca and said that it's not good. I always appreciate the owner's honesty when it comes to food. SO good though and would definitely come back whenever I'm in Philly Chinatown.Good service.
The quality of the food is not so stable but overall pretty good.
Salty douhua is not great, I think the southern Chinese don't know how to do salty douhua. 
Zongzi is good.Belated review: Went for breakfast before 9:00 am on January 11 and liked it so much I went again closer to 10:00 am on Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
I purposefully sought out Heung Fa Chun Sweet House after having Chinatown breakfast on my mind for quite some time; Yelp reviews indicated trying this option was a worthy pursuit.
The restaurant is very small, with the counter--set with an assortment of prepared foods; all of the food served from behind it--right in front of you upon opening the door. There is stool seating along the window there and in an adjoining room that also has three or four small tables. I'd guess maybe ten people could sit and eat here comfortably enough. Things were fairly clean. I enjoyed the space, eating at a table in the corner. 
In seeking a "full" experience, I made sure to have enough of an appetite to order a series of items.
First, I ordered the "salty tofu" ($2.75), which was like a soupy container of silken tofu with a squirt of soy sauce, topped with scallions and some other crunchy seasonings (like dried shrimp, added before I could specify I don't eat seafood, and maybe garlic) and a spoon of some type of chili paste after being asked if I wanted it spicy. An irresistible combination of savory flavor with a comforting warmth and softness. With this I also ordered a hot soy milk ($1), electing for it to be sweetened. This was the best soy milk I've ever had (admittedly I had never had my soy milk hot, or not out of a carton): It was a little creamy, not too thin, and seemed to have the perfect level of sweetness. 
Upon finishing my salty tofu, I ordered a vegetarian bun and grabbed a vegetarian "tamale" out of a basket on a shelf along the wall. The bun was light and fluffy, the flavor a little sweet and subtle; it was very enjoyable. My vegetable tamale (a leaf-wrapped portion of glutinous rice supposed to contain peanuts, mushrooms, and I think dried radish) ended up having been involved in a mix-up with the pork tamales... Unfortunately, I swallowed a meaty bite before realizing. Beyond my own personal qualms this wasn't a problem, as the woman at the counter earnestly attended to the mix-up and heated me up an actually vegetarian one as replacement. It was good, but I was not as excited by it as the salty tofu or the bun. 
I could not resist trying one more thing, so I ordered the sweet tofu dessert (same soupy form as the salty tofu) with mung beans and tapioca as add-ons ($3); the sweetener (seemed to be a ginger simple syrup) came on the side in a little two ounce container. Delicious, chewy, and a good, balanced sweetness. 
Incredibly cheap for a satisfyingly salty, sweet, flavorful, and fresh meal. First breakfast I ate there cost me about $12. 
Second time around I again ordered the salty tofu (just as delicious as the first), but also ordered some lo mein and fried taro dough. A small order of lo mein came heaped in a Styrofoam bowl-- certainly not a stingy portion. It wasn't far off from what you'd get from a decent takeout place, but it was definitely better--not overly saturated or very greasy, and not too salty. As for the fried dough, I'm not sure if I was actually given the taro or regular, but it came as two, maybe four or five inch sticks. It was pleasantly heated and doughy, and not greasy. 
Heung Fa Chun Sweet House is an excellent choice for a quick and cheap but highly satisfying breakfast. There is so much to choose from on the menu; everything I ordered was delicious. Plus the food didn't leave me feeling bloated or gross. If I lived nearby, I'd be tempted to stop in many mornings.Having just returned to Philly after a few weeks in Beijjng, I was craving a "Chinese style" breakfast. Hence hubs and I stopped in to try their salty tofu pudding, and pork and preserved egg porridge. 
This was the best bowl of porridge I've had in a while (including compared to some fancy hotel buffet in China).
The Salty Tofu Pudding is good and true to the pictures others have posted, but ultimately not quite what I was hoping for - which would be silken tofu in more of a hot and sour broth soup. I don't know if this way - piles of dry toppings added to tofu - is the normal in another part of China, but it's definitely not like how they are served in Beijing. 
We also had a You Tiao (fried dough/Chinese donut) which is how it's supposed to taste - like a chewy churro without the coat of sugar. 
All in all, two "soups", a fried bread, and a cup of coffee ran us $7. I'd definitely come back for breakfast another day.Found another hidden gem in the center of C-town. worth a trip to Philly just bcos of this. I've been craving for some Taiwan styled tamale (zhong zhi) and this is exactly where I'll be coming back yo try out many other items from the menuTheir traditional Chinese desserts and meat rice dumplings are really delicious. I had the Taiwan meat one and the tough pudding with read beans, they taste authentic and have fresh ingredients which made my friend take out more cups as afternoon tea dessertsThird stop on our impromptu Philly day trip. Glad we stopped by! It was a place to load up on a lot of snacks for the road trip back home to VA! We got the fried youtiao, Asian tamales (lol I love that name), and some veggie buns. The buns weren't anything to write home about but the rest were simply delicious. Will definitely be back!!this little Chinese dessert house in Chinatown (right across from the Malaysian restaurant, Penang) is one of the reasons Philly is a favorite city of mine. this place has Tau Fu Fah!!!! thats Cantonese for a Chinese soy pudding  dessert, or Douhua in Mandarin. And at a mere $1.25 you can get a bowl of the heavenly delicious yet healthier dessert option! Mmmmmmm....................
There is a good variety of sweet soupy Chinese desserts here, but I only care for tau fu fah. =)
Ideal meal: Lunch at Banana Leaf  or Penang for some good Msian food, and wash it down with some sweet delightful goodness here.
Warning: Closed on Wednesdays!