My Husband and I came here for a light dinner before heading out to see a play.  We ordered the bread with 3 spreads which was good and then we had the angry crab spaghetti which I thought was really good.  I regret not being able to try more on the menu.   The service was great and I also really liked the atmosphere.   It's a small place and the kitchen is right there in the open with all the seating which I think is cool.  They also have some tables outside which if I were to come again I'd love to  sit out there and people watch.   In the yelp reviews it says this place is $$ but I think its more like $$$ at least for dinner.  We personally didn't spend much so we didn't get much but I could see it adding up.  If I ever wanted to splurge I'd do the $50 per person tasting menu which would be a lot of money for us but it would probably be worth it on a special occasion.The place is amazing! The bread, the service, the decoration! Love the pizza ns the grill cheese!We went to High Street on Market for brunch/lunch on a rainy Sunday and it was still packed!  It is a bright and airy inside although it was a little chilly near the front window (it seemed like the air conditioning was on even though it was dreary and cold outside- the vent was blowing cold air on us).  The host was very slow to bus the tables and reset them which lost a few minutes during our wait.  We had to wait about 20 minutes but it seems like tables turn over quickly.  It was a little awkward to stand along the side of the restaurant while waiting though and I felt like I was watching people eat.  
We ordered one brunch sandwich- pastrami, egg, hash browns, peppers on a poppyseed brioche, and one lunch sandwich- duck meatball sandwich.  
The brunch sandwich was excellent- the egg was perfectly fried and the saltiness of the pastrami was satisfying for brunch.  It was really fun to have a hash brown patty on the sandwich and have the potatoes along with everything else.  I did sort of wish there was some cheese or something on the sandwich and the portion of pastrami was a little meager.
The duck meatball sandwich was really outstanding.  The meatballs were so moist and tender and the duck was a fun twist on the classic.  The bread was super fresh and the cheese was perfectly melted.  The raw onions on top added a fresh tart flavor that I really liked.  There is also a rich smear of liver along the inside of the bread.  
The prices are reasonable for the quality of the dishes and the service was very attentive.  There were two jars on the table with pepper spreads which were pretty spicy but fun to try.  Definitely a pleasant, enjoyable brunch spot in Old City and I'm sure we'll be back!Love this place. Everything about this place!
Super nice staff, very knowledgeable, give excellent recommendation  and very fast.
We order the bread - cause its too tasty to resist  - all three types were delicious and the pairing spread were really good.
For appetizer we got the mushroom salad. I'm not a big mushroom fan, but this salad is nice.
For main course we ordered the Duck ragu pasta and the shaved lobster one - we ate in silence and finish our plates.. yes - that good!
Def will go back again and again and again!I stopped in here for a quick lunch while sight seeing around the city. I had a turkey sandwich...but it was the best turkey sandwich I ever had! The atmosphere was great, too. I highly recommend!Randomly stopped here while in Philly...and so glad that we did. The service was exceptional--everyone we encountered was incredibly knowledgable and friendly (but not too over the top). The food was really, really delicious. You should really try the daily breads. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the entrees. Highly recommend!Excellent food, unique menu and wonderful atmosphere. Took a little while to get food so if you are in a hurry, this isn't the place for you. But if you want an amazing breakfast it is well worth the wait. Can't wait to go back.WOW!!! this place is absolutely amazing. From the dinner rolls, crispy broccoli, and perrogies, to the whole Branzino. Even the dessert was beyond. Well done! And the service is smart and welcoming. Walking in a Friday night even:) Thanks so much from a foodie in LAA nice and cozy place with an open kitchen.
Long wait for a table!  I've been here twice. Each time, it feels like it's an hour wait. 
However, this place does make some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. MY favorite is their grill cheese sandwich. By far, one of the top 3 places in philly to make it. It fills with ooey-gooey goodness. 
Just to be fair to the other sandwiches, I have also tried their Roast Pork sandwich and Grill Eggplant sandwich. I like that each sandwiches come with a roasted long hot pepper. It's also a plus that they have good pickled condiments on the side. 
Although i hate the wait, i'll definitely come back again.Delicious, creative and really great, warm service. Four of us ordered the chefs tasting menu, you don't know what you will get, which is kinda fun. The food just kept coming and every course was better than the next. Living in NYC we have no shortage of great places to eat and High rivals most of them! 
It was really a treat to dine there and look forward to another visit next time I'm in philly.We made a reservation for 7:30 on a Sunday night. The restaurant wasnt crowded and we waited for a while on the server to take a drink order. He asked for a meal order and we ordered 2 appetizers and said we'd wait before placing the dinner order so that we could enjoy our drinks. He sent the manager over who awkwardly asked if we'd be ordering food and then insisted upon taking the order --. It's like they assumed we were just taking up a table. We had fully intended to order a full dinner and ended up dropping over $160 on a meal for two. The entire meal we felt uncomfortable and judged. The server never really came back to our table and instead the manager became our server. It was so weird. We were never rude or mean. We didn't even really say anything. It was one of the most uncomfortable dining experiences. I have no clue what actually happened but the staff here certainly knows how to make you feel very uncomfortable while you are spending plenty of money for their food.Maintaining quality and passion under intense media scrutiny?  I don't think I could - but High Street does!  A recent visit prompted in part by the recent Bon Apetit accolade  (#2 best restaurant!) reinforced my appreciation for the creativity, the careful preparation, and the amazingly innovative tastes.  And, let's not forget the bread, the amazing bread...The mushroom salad was earthy, full of a variety of locally sourced mushrooms, and enhanced with the deep yellow yolk of the farm fresh egg that I whisked into the salad - heavenly!  The servings are not huge, which means you can share and enjoy a variety of them, and leave room for some interesting desserts - you'll not find super rich conventional desserts here - instead, a plum trifle that was sweetly tartly delicious, and the smokey milk chocolate mousse - perfect to top off a slow food dinner, eating outside, wanting to tell passersby - "stop here! You'll love it!"  Next time, breakfast?Fantastic lunch. Of the sandwiches, I have tried the pastrami, the eggplant, and the grilled cheese. The first two were amazing. No question. The grilled cheese didn't do it for me; however, it gets rave reviews. Perhaps I need to revisit.First visit for the Best Of Philly Breakfast Sandwich - Pastrami and Hash. It tasted like hash on a bun and for $12 I was very disappointed. It sounds much better than it actually is and I have no idea how Philly mag rated this best breakfast sandwich. Perhaps it just wasn't prepared well that day...but at $12...really? I've had way better. Will give this place more tries and update my review...I get asked a lot for restaurant recommendations.  After awhile, I feel like a broken record, always suggesting the same places.  I'm happy to say that after my fabulous meal at High Street on Market, I finally have a great place to recommend to my foodie family and friends.
So why 5 stars?  High Street on Market is just an overall great dining experience.  The restaurant itself is casual, yet classy.  It is a very comfortable space- like sitting in the dining room/living room of a friend who has really good taste.  I especially like the open kitchen-   it really makes you feel like you are at someone's house.
Service was impeccable, cocktails were amazing (I had some sort of spicy grapefruit margarita- whatever it was, it worked!) and the food... well, the food was absolutely delicious.  They offer a $50 tasting menu.  This would be an EXCELLENT place for a group dinner- it's definitely in the back of my mind for future group outing.  This visit, however, my husband and I decided to just order a few dishes, since we weren't too sure about the portion sizes.  We tried:
crispy broccoli- really simple dish of lightly fried broccoli with a spicy/tangy cabbage-like garnish.    
brussel sprouts-  I order brussel sprouts EVERYWHERE and I have to say this was one of my favorite versions I've ever had in Philly.  The secret was dollops of creamy goat cheese- wow!
charcoal grilled squid- I really liked this dish (although it could have been a tad bigger).  I didn't realize it was served with roasted cauliflower- that really made the dish spectacular.
angry crab spaghetti- this was probably my least favorite dish, but I still thought it was excellent.  A bit on the spicier side with lots of crab (some reviewers said they didn't get a ton-- I thought it was the perfect amount)
pumpkin tortellini- my favorite dish of the night... well maybe tied with those sprouts.  The homemade pasta melts in your mouth and the creamy pumpkin filling and sauce on top... amazing!
Overall, I thought the price was just right for the quality of food.  Prices are on the higher side but you get what you pay for here.  I really loved my meal here and will continue to recommend it to everyone I know who loves a great meal!I came here for lunch with my wife and 8 year old daughter. It took a minute to get seated but the service was very friendly. We got drinks quickly and they have a small but good beer/wine list. We each had a sandwich and side including the pastrami in rye, the ultimate grilled cheese, and the gobagoo with potato salad, Sicilian cauliflower, and giardiniera. The portions were very large and we each took a half sandwich home. The sides are served first like an appetizer. The sides were all interesting and mad complex flavoring. The potato salad had slivers of celery and cornichon for an interesting crunch. The capers and currents in the cauliflower added a slightly sweet/briney flavor that complemented the roasted veggies well. The giardiniera was bright and included fennel for an interesting twist. The pastrami sandwich was huge with thick slices of tender, smoky, salty beef. Excellent. The grilled cheese was rich with generous amounts of melty cheddar on thick potato bread. The gabagoo was the least interesting item but the semolina bread had a great chew and the meats were great. It took a bit to get our check and have our food wrapped to go but everyone was very friendly on the way out. Very good experience and a great lunch spot.Just had lunch here.  So so SO delicious!  Had the Cauliflower Soup with Charred Leeks and Curry oil... and as if that wasn't yummy enough... shared a slice of the roman style pizza of the day (today's:  goat cheese, caramelized onions and brussels sprouts) and for a side roasted beets with feta.  OMG that was so good!I had the ginger yogurt with fruit and nuts. It was positively amazing. My husband had a breakfast sandwich that he enjoyed very much. The service was outstanding. The coffee was rich and strong and good enough to drink black. We also bought a loaf of rye bread that still tastes delicious 5 days later. Everything was very clean.The pastrami sandwich was ENORMOUS and well worth the money. I also tried the duck meatball sandwich and I would definitely order it next time. In general, I thought the menu was priced pretty high for most items, and the service was a bit slow for the small number of tables inside.The angry crab spaghetti was amazing. The beef ribs were so tender we were tempted to order more! Great service, great atmosphere. Thumbs up!Had a great lunch there - it's very small so be prepared to wait for a table.  We also waited a bit longer then we should have for our meals.  Now to the good stuff... loved the freshness of everything.  The bread was exceptional (fresh also).  I had an avocado toast with just the right hint of spices served with a side salad.  Another in my party had the fruit:cream to start and the pork sandwich which was a generous portion.  Another had the mushroom, egg sandwich-another winner.  The area is like most of the city a mix of old and new.Ordered the pastrami hash sandwhich, really enjoyed it. Also had the Italian Market, nice breakfast spread. The coffee was just okay and the bloody marys were pretty good.  Nice quaint  joint.Excellent restaurant in downtown Philly. A small, curated menu that is excellent at both lunch and dinner. I definitely will be coming back.My coworker and I visited this restaurant for lunch today, and it was pretty cool. Nice atmosphere, great service, good food. I had the eggplant sandwich on potato bread, and it was pretty tasty. He had the duck meatball sandwich, and it was a little messy, but he said it was good, although he thought the bread was a little hard. They serve their sandwiches with a roasted long hot pepper...I didn't think they went with the sandwiches, but it was a nice touch. Better were the sweet and spicy peppers and garlic in the little jar on the table...I think I may have cleaned out the whole jar! The coffee was good, too. I would consider buying this coffee and making it at home. My only complaint would be that they do not offer more of a selection of breads to get your sandwiches on. I am not a fan of white bread; especially seeded white bread, and the waitress informed me that the only other viable sandwich option would be the potato bread due to the size of the other slices. Man, I really wanted to try the "Ancient Grain" or the "Buckwheat Cherry". Ah well, I guess I can try them with brunch one day! (Which means I would definitely return).Stopped here for breakfast before work one morning. Had the pastrami breakfast sandwich. It was the greasiest sandwich I have ever had. The bottom slice of bread was SOAKED in grease. If you're gonna soak bread in fat, at least use butter. Couldn't finish the sandwich. The portion i did eat, sat in my stomach all day and I had that disgusted, ate so much grease feeling the rest of the day that I didn't even eat anything else.Came here for breakfast the other day and was blown away.  High street provides a much needed change from the Philly brunch scene.  I ordered the pastrami and hash breakfast sandwich, which was amazing.  I also had a taste of the yogurt and granola, which absolutely blew my mind.  The combination of ginger, honey, and pistachio gave the dish a delectable taste and texture.  The decor is perfect for old city and I love that I can sit and watch my dishes being prepared while I wait.  Come here if you want to see not just creativity, but creativity executed extremely  well.I stopped in for lunch last weekend with my husband and a friend who was visiting from out of town. The atmosphere was great as was the service. I went with their version of a grilled cheese and it was absolutely divine, we will definitely be returning! Oh- and the food presentation is amazing too!Amazing service and food!  
Our server was great at explaining the items - we were so impressed that we let her pick the meal for each of us.
I ended up with the turkey sandwich, my son had the grilled cheese, and hubby had a forester egg sandwich (vegetarian).  The forester was the best of the 3.  Grilled cheese was yummy not beat in the world a claimed and the turkey was really good too - a little kick to it that I wasn't expecting.  Each sandwich also came with a giant hot pepper on the side.  Not our thing but super cool if it is.
3 sides for $10 was a great deal - we got breakfast potatoes, potato salad and asparagus.
We all cleaned our plates and can't wait to go back!Charming space & staff with a simple but creative menu makes for a great place for lunch with a friend!FABULOUS. Best meal I've had in a long time. The cocktails were elegant and perfect. Each dish was perfection. We had the mushrooms with eggs - devine, gnnochi - amazing, desert - incredible. Service was great. The space was beautiful. They serve nearly every dish in beautiful wood bowls. Do yourself a favor and go there.Went here for a breakfast meeting for work and had a lovely experience.
Service: perfect balance of attentive but not overbearing 
Ambiance: hip and rustic but not overly hipster. Was hard to place the crowd so can't really describe it.
Food: The food was incredibly flavorful and plating was cute, only downside was that it was really oily--like 3 napkins for one breakfast sandwich. Really it's my only complaint, otherwise food and coffee was on point.Pretty busy brunch spot with an outdoor seating area. May have to wait for a table during busier times. Offers beer and cocktails for a boozy breakfast. Great selection of bakery offerings and the drip coffee tastes pretty good. Most famous offering, The Pastrami and Hash, was a little light on pastrami and just right on hash. Very flavorful creation and very filling as well.I was really really impressed with High Street on Market. 
I've been to Fork a few times, and love the food there, so I was really excited to see High Street on the list for restaurant week. 
I've done restaurant week many times, but I think this was my best experience. The service was wonderful - our waitress was really phenomenal. She was really knowledgable about the menu and gave great recommendations. She was very attentive and friendly. 
The restaurant week menu was very generous - you picked 2 of the smaller dishes and 1 large dish per person, which made it really easy to sample lots of different things. Some of the food highlights included: 
The mushroom salad - a whole variety of mushrooms cooked in all different ways with eggplant and an egg on top. My friend loved it so much, he wanted to drink out of the bowl. 
Beef and Broccoli - it doesn't sound that impressive from the name, but this was just a beautifully simple and delicious dish. The beef was so tender, it just fell apart. There was a nice broccoli puree and an assortment of vegetables that just went perfectly together. 
I definitely plan on coming back for lunch sometime!The food here was okay, but I'm not sure that it was worth the price. Also, had an issue with the staff. We were greeted by one waitress, then someone else came to take our order. I ordered a coffee with my meal, and the coffee never came. Then a 3rd person came to drop off our meals, so I then asked her for the coffee. We were not checked on at all during the duration of our meal. When we got the check, I noticed we were charged for 2 coffees. Since 3 different people had come over to the table, I couldn't even tell who was supposed to be waiting on us. Overall, it wasn't the best experience and I probably won't be returning.I was really excited to try out High Street on Market, and the dining experience didn't disappoint. I came with my friends for Restaurant Week. The place is a little smaller than I thought, but cozy enough to enjoy a casual candlelit dinner.
I ordered the winter greens salad, simply grilled fish, and blood orange mousse (garnished with blood orange slices, rye shortbread crumbs, and farmer's cheese). I also had a few bites of my friend's crispy broccoli and the chocolate maple tart. I loved most of the food that came to our table, especially the fish, because it was grilled to flaky perfection. I have to say, though, that the winter greens salad wasn't my favorite. I thought the ham in this dish was way too salty, and the greens were super bitter. 
Next time, I plan on coming back for their regular menu. Updates to follow once that happens :)I was excited to get a table for 8 on a Saturday morning at 10 AM.  Our waitress was lovely, attentive and gave good recommendations.  The music was pretty loud when we came in, and we asked if it could be turned down so our dad could hear, and they did right away.  They could not have been friendlier. 
I had a decaf latte with half and half, which was delicious.  We started with a tea cake and a cream puff, and I wasn't impressed with either.  The tea cake had a baking soda flavor to it that I didn't like.  And the cream puff was like a lead ball - the chocolate cream was like frosting, not light cream puff filling.  And the puff was pretty dense.  Guess that is what I should have expected from a baker (instead of pastry maker).  My egg platter with salami, broccoli, and coppa was good. I liked the little fried potato bites that come on the side.  Bites of other people's sandwiches were also good.  I'd go back to try other dishes (though don't be gluten free in this place, you won't be able to order much!)My visit to High Street for Winter 2017 Restaurant Week was very enjoyable. The space is small, rustic and cozy. The staff, especially our server Jake, was extremely friendly and personable. Jake did a great job of explaining the menu and the details of each dish.
We started with the daily breads and spreads which were flavorful and unique. For my first course I got the Kennett Square Mushrooms.  This was also unique and full of flavor. I had the cauliflower caramelle for my main and while this was good it was a tad rich for my personal taste. I also had a chance to taste the crispy broccoli which I really enjoyed. I finished with a chocolate shortbread pudding that was offered for restaurant week. We were also served a complimentary dish of butternut squash hummus. Yum! 
If you enjoy strong flavor profiles and interesting flavor combinations then try High Street.
Glad I visited and hope to return for brunch and pastries some time soon!Heard tons of hype about HSOM, i was not amazed until I went:
-Mushroom: a seasonal mix of several exotic mushrooms (shiitakes, oyster..), sunny side-up egg, unique combinations but extraordinary turnout. 
-Rainbow trout: Satisfied my craving for seasonal veggies and trout!! Take me to the sea already. The trout was crispy on the edge and tender on the inside
-Kale chips: what a cool idea to use nutritional yeast for cheese?! not only it's a healthier option, the light texture also creates a different experience in your mouth. 
Under Ellen Yin's innovative leadership, her restaurants are going stronger than ever. My prayers and thoughts are dedicated to Chef Eli Kulp and hope for a better recovery progress.I've been wanting to go to High Street on Market for a long time so I had high expectations which were mostly met. The service was perfect. The ambiance was very good - somewhat casual with a nice open kitchen where you can see the chefs working. The food was the kind of food that makes you think and feel. The aromas and tastes definitely were bringing back a lot of memories for me. That said the food still needed a bit of editing - the ideas are all there but the execution was a little overdone to my palate. 
1)Bread plate with spreads -all three breads were great. The eggplant spread was nicely earthy with a smooth texture, the apple butter was delicious, and my husband really liked the carrot spread. Overall a very interesting plate
2)Broccoli - tempura fried to perfection with seasoning. my favorite dish
3) Duck carbonara - too salty, not enough sauce, too many crispy things on top, the pasta was delicious
4) Spicey crab pasta - just overdone. the balance of flavors was just not quite there - i could taste the spicey and the acid and the salty but it was too bold if theres such a thing, just not really enjoyable after a few bites
5) Mackerel on toast - perfect. lots of memories. sunday morning breakfast taken to an elegant refined finish.
Doorside cookies were great, didnt try the deserts or drinks
So overall their breads and pastas were really excellent, and their sauces needed some editing.  Will definitely be back even if just by myself to have the broccoli and the mackerel (although I really do want to try the rest of their menu)Went here for breakfast last week and ordered the Italian Market Breakfast... OMG. Probably the best breakfast meal I've ever had (and I love breakfast). Eggs made over-meadium with bologna that tasted like salami and a spicy coppa. They managed to make the broccoli rabe with some chili powder and garlic to give it some heat and honestly it was the best part. The potatoes also had their own flare and it all worked together brilliantly. The place is quaint and has it's own simple, rustic but modern vibe. The coffee was good as well. They had some newspapers free for the taking which is a plus also. Service was very polite and simple. I would eat here every day if I could. Amazing.What a fantastic (and fun) cafe. We dined here for lunch after visiting the liberty bell. The service was outstanding. Jake was our server and he made the experience one-of-a-kind and very personalized. We loved the house bread (especially the ANADAMA!). The salads and sandwiches were unique and tasty. Also liked the sour cream ice cream, paired with epspresso. Everything is made fresh and with high quality ingredients. Money and time well spent. Will be back.Obsessed! We loved this place so much that we went twice during a three day trip to philly. It was fortunately very close to our hotel and to all of the historical tourist destinations in the old city. 
High Street on Market is exactly what every small sidewalk restaurant aspires to be! The food was excellent, the space was lovely and open, and the waiters were warm, friendly and knowledgeable. What drew us back was the menu, which was creative and fresh. They clearly focus on high quality food and a good experience. 
What we ordered:
Breakfast:
The Forager: We're vegetarian and it was really nice to have a great vegetarian sandwich option. The mushroom, kale and egg sandwich was perfectly seasoned and served in a soft poppy seed bun. Excellent breakfast sandwich.
House made ginger yogurt: good but it would've been nice to have a little more ginger flavor and a little more honey. 
Coffee almond date cake: we luckily got one fresh out of the oven. (Apparently they make their pastries throughout the morning.) very soft, not too sweet. We took one to go on our second visit because we liked it so much.
Caffeine: cappuccino was great, coffee was ok
Lunch:
Potato leek soup: according to my husband, "best potato leek soup ever." Exceptional flavor. Crunchy potato skins on top were a great touch. Enough for two to share. They split it into two bowls so that we could share easily.
Best grilled cheese ever: fantastic, loved the potato bread. Cheese was perfect. I LOVED this with the condiment at the table (chow chow). Excellent, very cheesy, very filling. 
Special mention: chow chow... I've never heard of this before but this was one of the condiments at the table (red stuff in jar). So good! Not too spicy, perfect on the sandwich. Addictive!
Great restaurant with excellent vegetarian options. Can't wait to go back for dinner.Excellent! Great food, coffee, bread, service. I've gone here many times for brunch. Order one of the breakfast sandwiches, you won't be disappointed. The bread and sauces are made in house (fresh as can be).High Street on Market is definitely unique! Some dishes were a lot better than others. A few dishes were a little disappointing. The daily bread appetizer was great and definitely worth it! The mushroom appetizer was AMAZING!!! One of the best things I have ever had. I would skip the broccoli appetizer because it wasn't special. The angry crab pasta was good. The pumpkin pasta was interesting. I don't think I would order it again. While it was unique and I can't say I have ever had anything like that, I found the smokiness overwhelming. I was nervous to try the sunchoke dessert sbut it was REALLY good! I want to try their brunch menu next.This could be the best roast pork sandwich in Philadelphia.  High Street's version of this Philadelphia classic features a bounty of slow roasted pork piled high on a house baked sesame seed baguette that had just the right chew to crunch ratio.  The sandwich is brought full circle with the house made kimchi-styled broccoli rabe and aged sharp provolone.  You'll get more sandwich for less money at DiNic's or John's, but you'll be able to taste where your money goes in High Street's version.  It's simply a better sandwich because of its superior ingredients.I went on a first date here for dinner this past Saturday night and it definitely earned it's place as "No. 2 best new restaurant of 2014 in the United States" by Bon Appétit magazine.  
We did the "Leave it to Us" menu, asking specifically that they include the Green Tea Garganelli and the Angry Crab Spaghetti and they did not disappoint.
One side-note though... make sure you tell them several times if you have any serious allergies.  My date had an allergy to nuts and, despite telling the waiter about this at the beginning of the meal, he kept delivering things with nuts in it without warning her.  When dessert came, it was one of their house-made ice creams piled high with nuts.  When we reminded him of the nut issue, he apologized... and took the dessert away.  It would have been a nice gesture on the part of a restaurant of that distinction to have at least have come back with a replacement dish of ice cream, without the nuts.  But apparently, that wasn't part of the "Leave it to Us" menu.  
Other than that, a top-notch restaurant.I went in not knowing anything about this restaurant (I trust my wife's restaurant picking skills), but I was very impressed.  The decor was so pleasant and understated, and I enjoyed how closely integrated the kitchen was with the dining area.
I have to commend how great the staff was, especially the hostess.  She was extremely kind, attentive, and knowledgeable.  The entire staff was excellent.  
The food was delicious, creative, and flavorful.  The prices seemed appropriate, if only the portions had been slightly larger.  Our table of 3 decided to share all of our courses, and we ordered 4 appetizers and 2 pastas.  Unfortunately, that wasn't enough to satisfy the whole table, so we had to order a third pasta later in the meal (This would be the reason I deducted one star).  That came to be just the right amount of food, but it sure ended up being pricey.
We all enjoyed the meal a lot, and we will likely be back.  Hopefully, we will give the 8-course tasting a try next time.Let me start of by saying we didn't actually eat here. We just waited 50 minutes to walk out. I wouldn't give these pretentious people a nickel. 30 minute into waiting a group of 3 walks in, we are 2 and is seatd right away. Sorry she says they were 3, I know you have been waiting. Really. So 10 more minutes roll by and another 4 top opens up and we are still not seated. We wait another 10 minutes and finally a 2 top opens up. 
First thing out of the servers mouth, we are out of the potato leek soup. Its my wife's birthday and we came here for the soup. Well we haven't had it all day. 
It's the ONLY soup on your menu. If you aren't going to make it take if off your freaking menu. 
Walked out.The hostess was horribly rude. We went up to her to give our name and she said "one moment". Twenty minutes of waiting awkwardly at the front of the line later, we approach her again, and she tells us to put our name on the waitlist and so we did. She said we'd get a text in 15 minutes. So more waiting, that we could've probably avoided if she would've actually attended to us 30 minutes ago. We went outside and never received a text, and we never went back. Nasty.Wow, first time in Philly, just staying the night and ate at high street on market. Couldn't have been happier, pretty much ordered the menu! And the cherry on top, our waitress was top notch and knew all about her wine, which is always niceohhh so fabuloso~!!
yea i read some reviews before coming here ... yea i already knew what i wanted before i sat down... was it still a surprise when i ate it? YES!! 
similar to many reviews here, this was the one good memorable meal ive had in a long while!
to cut to the chase, i highly recommend the angry crab pasta! i came for restaurant week and that was not on the menu.. but they allowed me to substitute that in for an additional $5.  i was sold! and honestly, well worth it! crab pasta has always been one of my favorites and probably due to the supply of crab and the complexity of the dish, it's not available at many places.  i was blown away~! and it was EXACTLY what i was looking for!  if i have to compare, i would say this is very similar to the ai fiori one in NYC.  they aren't the same-- but very similar.  the only thing that would make it even more enjoyable for me is if they put a small slice of lemon on the side-- idk why but i just had the feeling a bit of citrus would add an extra zinger to the dish.
bottomline.. i CANNOT WAIT! to return to high street! everything was delicious! if you're looking for a meal bursting with flavors-- this is your spot!My boyfriend and I had a late lunch there yesterday.  It's a great spot, well done, inviting and comfortable.  Our server, John promptly greeted us, was friendly and made us feel at home.  The menu has something for everyone without being overwhelmingly large.
My lunch was perfect and delicious, but my boyfriend's food didn't come out as expected.  John and his manager were right there to resolve the issue.  His dish was remade and delivered in record time.  They couldn't have done more and went way above and beyond to to make it right. 
Great experience for both of us and we'll definitely recommend High Street on Market to family and friends.  We'll be back too - there's plenty more on the menu I want to try!If you are interested in a traditionally heavy breakfast, STOP. This is not the place for you. The food is anything but commonplace, rather it is creative. The food is anything but heavy, rather it is light. It's seasonally fresh and delicious. My husband searched the menu for the classic he-man fare of three scrambled eggs, served with a rasher of bacon and hash browns. Ha! Not to be found. He settled for baked oatmeal topped with crunchy granola and fruit compote.  "Wonderful", he said. I enjoyed grilled stone fruit with ricotta and buckwheat.  Good way to start the day!Dinner is share style. Not a huge menu but everything was fantastic. The favorites were the duck/mushroom pasta, cauliflower pasta and the crispy broccoli. The Hummus was flavorful and the chicken for 2 were also really good. Almost all the items came with bread. Staff were friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Absolutely will be back.It one of those places where you never know what to get because everything is well outside your idea of breakfast/lunch. "It's pickle encrusted scrambled quail eggs with homemade organic Yak pear butter served on a piece of marble." 
It was quite pricey. 
Beyond that not much else to mention.
One more thing: the toast isn't worth it, just go buy a loaf of bread and some butter and do it yourself.The tasting menu was superb. Any negative reviews are wrong and the waitstaff was super friendly and nice. No one was rude at all. Excellent inventive delicious food and wine. Must try!!gets very busy during the noon lunch hr, come later. duck meatball sub was good, surprisingly not dry at all. they do have a limited bar with good choices so have a drink with your sandwich.Only take one order of pasta and get a few dishes to share would be the best combination.
They offer limited choices for desserts, but all of the are fantastic. Ice cream contains brownie and special made fruits. 
Turffie is similar with tiramisu, and you wont regret to try that one.
A great place to have tasty foods but a not heavy dinner.3 stars for sandwiches, +1 star for amazing potato salad and finally +1 star for awesome personalities, at least the people I spoke to :)
I can't help but rank it at 5 stars with those points. 
Grilled eggplant sandwich rocked. Great, straightforward flavor wrapped in great sesame bread. I didn't get to taste the duck meatball sandwich but it sure looked amazing. The potato salad name is misleading because it's so much more. Perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes with celery, mustard seeds and horseradish. There's much more there that I can't pick up because my palate isn't that tuned but this potato salad is effing amazing :)
With numerous joints like this around town I can't help but loudly profess, "I love you Philly!"Food was good. Room was ok. Nothing spectacular.  9:15 reservation. Not seated until 10:15. Most of the menu was sold out.This is probably the best breakfast sandwich (The Forager) that I have ever had. It inspired me to write this Yelp review, which I don't often do. The atmosphere is very comfortable and food centric. Appreciated the focus on local and natural ingredients. Our server, Melissa, made the experience great. Highly recommended!Thanks for my super foodie visitor from Australia who found this place. The food is really good! We stopped by here in the mid afternoon for some breakfast sandwiches and salad. We ordered the Forager sandwich, the ancient grains salad, and the pastrami hash sandwich. We also tried some dates coffee cake. Everything was great! and the price is super reasonable, for this part of Philadelphia. The place is smaller. I can see it getting extremely busy during normal breakfast/lunch/dinner hours. The decor at this place is also super cool!!High Street on Market was recently named the 2nd "Best New Restaurant" by Bon Appetit magazine. My awesome husband took me there to celebrate my 34th birthday a couple weeks ago and we opted for the "Leave it to Us" tasting menu which consists of 8 shared plates for the table. 
What a fantastic meal! A copious amount of food, including a sampling of their famous bread, along with a nice warm ambience and great service. I love the new look of High Street (formerly Fork, etc), with the open area kitchen. 
Here's what we had:
+Potted Shrimps, whipped foie, nutmeg, shrimp toasts
+Fried Zucchini, crispy zucchini & summer squash, spicy chow chow
+Daily Breads + house made spreads
+Charcoal Grilled Squid & Corn Salad, summer corn, coriander, purslane
+Squash & Basil Tortelloni, ricotta, smoked jowl, summer vegetable ragu
+Caraway Rye Rigatoni, pastrami ragu, Gulden's mustard
+Grilled Arctic Char, smoked hazlenut puree, black trumpets, charred red onions
+Lebanon County Peach, cornmeal pound cake, buttermilk, red popcorn
I must say the potted shrimp opener, the pastrami pasta and the bread course were by far my favorites. But seriously everything was delicious, no joke! Cannot wait to go there again, this time for lunch as I hear the sandwiches are amazing.
I took pictures of most of the courses and you can check those out here : http://faregame.tumblr.com/post/98424660950/high-street-on-market-was-recently-named-the-2ndThe food is great but the menu descriptions don't do it justice. From the broccoli to the salads to pastas and other mains, the food was fresh and the flavors were well crafted. Plus the local beers added to the meal. Definitely recommend.Was walking by looking for a decent spot for a solo dinner when I saw this quiet little place and decided to give it a go. What a delightful idea that ended up being. The staff were the most polite, interactive, and full of personality employees one could hope for. The owner/manager has made some great decisions in that realm. I opted for the price fix option since I wanted to try more than just one or two plates from that diverse menu. I can honestly say I was overwhelmed by the amount of food brought out to me to enjoy. 10 plates of various dishes, mostly items not featured on the menu, and all were home runs. Do yourself a favor, grab a friend, date, or just come solo like I did. But do it soon before word gets out about how fantastic the price fix option is and then there will be reservations required and all that jazz. Needless to say, I am a fan and I will definitely be returning here again.Great food, service, environment, quality. I love everything about High Street on Market!Amen! There is no place better in the world for sandwiches than Philly, and High Street on Market is my newest place of worship. 
Stuck in meeting room hell all morning, I needed to get away from the paper-pushing zombies. Of course I had heard of HS on Market before, but wasn't sure if it would be too crowded for a bite at noon. It was pleasantly bustling, no lines out the door. (Quick tip: Don't blindly head through the apartment building door on the right; HS's door is well-marked and on the left, closer to 2nd Street).
I planned on ordering the Pastrami on Rye, and wasn't dissuaded even though the salads and pizzas looked enticing enough. After ordering take out at the register, it took only about ten minutes for my food to arrive.  
On appearance alone I knew this was going to be awesome. Thick layers of kraut, country mustard and dressing between two dense and chewy slices of rye surrounded a heaping portion of pastrami. There were bits of fatty deliciousness offset by nice charring on the meat. Once you dive in, the textures and flavors come together in a seamless bite of heaven. It reminded me of a Primanti Bros. sandwich in terms of size, but more like DiNic's in mouth-watering savoriness. 
I headed back for more power point presentations knowing that at least i had won lunch.My wife and I were in Philly for a day and this place was near our hotel so we stopped in for breakfast.  We had a mixed experience.  The atmosphere of the place is really nice.  It's cozy, clean, warmly lit, and full of dark wood.  The breakfast menu consists of a few sandwich and bagel options, an Italian breakfast plate, yogurt, granola, and one or two other options.  My wife ordered the Italian breakfast plate, which consisted of scrambled eggs, sliced meat, peppers, old bay seasoned potatoes, and toast.  She really enjoyed it.  I had some of the potatoes and found them to be very tasty, especially when dipped in the garlic aioli accompanying the dish.  I had an everything bagel with tomatoes, capers, onions, and cream cheese.  It was pretty good.  I wasn't a big fan of the fennel seeds on the bagel, but that's a personal preference. 
On the other side of things, the service was pretty slow and the hot chocolate was lame.  Our server took a long time to take our food order even though the place was half empty.  He also first took the orders of some patrons who came in after us, which was slightly annoying.  We ordered coffee and hot chocolate right when we entered, but it took quite a while for it to be finally delivered to our table.  The hot chocolate (coming in at an expensive $4 a cup) was also really disappointing.  It was essentially steamed milk with a brown tint to it.  The chocolate flavor was almost undetectable. 
Overall, this place has a lot going for it and maybe the slow service was just an aberration.  I would definitely consider coming back here the next time I'm in Philly, but I really hope their hot chocolate game has improved by then.High Street on Market was a birthday dinner for me and it definitely met expectations.
Walking into this restaurant I immediately got a cafe slash home cooking feel.  There probably seating for 40-50 people total and in the back of the restaurant is and entirely exposed kitchen area.  I was in a party of three and we ate family style to try a bunch of the plates.  
We started with the potted shrimps which were quite tasty.  The brussel sprouts were also good as the goats yogurt contrasted the salt and bitter of the greens.  After that came the housemade bread, super soft slices paired with an excellent bean-based spread.
Next were two pasta dishes.  The angry crab spaghetti was a fun dish, getting heat from the old bay to match the tender pieces of crab.  The green tea lasagna was also a tasty savory take on lasagna with its smoked duck ragu.  The ragu coupled with the incorporation of three cheeses made this an almost too salty dish.
For entrees we shared the fried rabbit and the blackened lamb.  The rabbit had a healthy amount of batter on it but it complemented the meat well; unfortunately, this dish was upstaged by the star of the night, the lamb.  Tender and significantly fatty (afterwards our waiter mentioned it was lamb shoulder) with a perfect char that locked in all the flavor, the lamb was the perfect finale to the meal.
I would highly recommend this restaurant.  I see fellow yelpers are lukewarm on the tasting menu but I think we did it right - we were able to get 7 dishes (6 plus bread) of exactly what thought sounded good and every dish met or exceeded expectations.  Our bill was cheaper than the tasting menu too.  I can definitely vouch for a la carte and would even encourage those unimpressed by the tasting menu to try again.What a pleasant new addition to the East Market scene - this reinvention of the Fork etc. space.  My wife had the roasted turkey sandwich.  I had the roasted pork.  Both clever reinventions of Philly classics (who knew you could ferment broccoli rabe).  Having lunch (not brunch) on a weekend in the Old City area is tough if you don't want fast food (although Campo's is one of my faves).  Nice to have a good alternative.  I will almost want to skip breakfast at home to have one of their breakfast sandwiches on the way to the el.
Kudos Ellen, Eli, Roberto.We were looking for a good cup of coffee and something small to eat a 3pm, July 4th in the old town in Phili and found this place with Yelp. Nice small spot with a fine interior (wood). My wife took just a Cappuccino my kids the eggplant sandwich and I took the cheese sandwich. They make their own bread fresh - so the sandwiches are great but more upscaled price-wise. Service was very friendly and fast. Definitely a good spot to go for a break time snack.It seems like many people love this place and you will like it too if these characteristics appeal to you: This is based on my brunch experience.
- if you like words to describe your food that you have no idea what they mean: "meadow young swiss" huh? "black trumpet mayo" again, huh? "Gabagool" and "Coppa", double huh?! It's sort of a cute twist to describe food with words no one knows, not even the server, but it's a bit much.
- if you like sandwhiches with excessive bread and not much protein in the middle
- if you like food drowning in oil and very greasy. 
- if you like heavy food and feeling full but not satisfied; to wear spandex pants for an expanding waistline and not trying to lead a healthy lifestyle in terms of what you eat.
I did not try their salads and I wish I did, perhaps I would have felt better reviewing this. I was excited to go but I felt like everything I ordered was laden in some sort of oil or butter. It takes work to make great food with minimal ingredients. This place is more focused on loading up the fat, and the bread for maximum carbohydrates which is what everyone likes.Couple friends and I came to this little restaurant for a birthday dinner. We thought it would be nice to go because of the tapas style dinner. 
One thing I must say is that because it's a tapas style, we understood that a lot must be ordered for 6 people. However, all of our friends were shocked at how expensive each dish was so as broke college students we ordered about 7 dishes. 
The food itself was a hit or a miss for some people and for me, the flavors were either very strong (extremely salty) or very bland.
I wish I had a better review for this place because the ambiance was beautiful and the servers were very nice.Why I waited for a rainy day when I was too lazy to walk more than .2 miles for brunch to go here is nuts.  I will probably never forgive myself.  Thank you lovely Fork people for putting this fantastic array of scrumptious  yumminess so close to me!  I will never neglect you as a top brunch option again!
I was most excited about the duck meatball sandwich before coming here.  It was extremely yummy, but it was the pastrami & hash that blew me away (try to come here when you can choose from the breakfast and lunch menu - after 11:30 am.  Yes, you will be overwhelmed with the amount of decadent options to choose from, but you won't regret having a sampling from each).  It's a must.
Also, don't forget to have a healthy portion of the condiments they put on your table.  Their (I think they called it) Chow Chow is super tasty.  Kind of like kimchi, but with even more veggies, a little less spice and no fishy taste.  The sweet peppers also hit the spot.  Don't worry if you don't have anything to spread either on.  Just eat them straight from the jar.  I won't judge.
Pastries, I will be back for you.  You looked waaaay too good for me not to indulge in.  Next time.Disappointing and sad.  This used to be the place to go for the best breakfast sandwiches in the city, but not anymore.  Just had a sandwich that was 90% bread, no long hot pepper (which had been the signature feature), and the "jalapeno"  sauce was little more than water with a green tint.  I was curious as to why our waitress didn't ask if we enjoyed our meal, now I understand why.  I hope this once fine establishment can find itself again, for the moment they are lost.I ordered the forager breakfast sandwich. Everything tastes delicious and fresh. You can tell that this place values food and where it comes from. I would definitely go back again!Mmmm the bread! Clearly these people are enjoying the creation of beautiful food and offering it up with pride to customers. The staff act like they are owners with natural friendliness and responsiveness. The food was not your usual fare and really good. I can't wait to go back. Good vibes all around in this place.I dug this place. Went for lunch, we got the duck meatball sandwhich and the pastrami on rye. Pastrami was pretty good, very filling. The liver and onion spread on the duck threw me off, not my cup of tea, but not bad. Im going to go back for dinner. Your average upscale lunch prices..no diff than sabrinas, miles, lift, etcWe missed brunch by an hr (we were an hours early) but that's fine. 
I ordered THE HICKORY TOWN It's filled with "lancaster bologna, farm egg, amish horseradish cheddar, gherkin mayo, fried red onions" IT WAS SO GOOD! I shared this and tried the PASTRAMI HASH. It contains "shaved pastrami, spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, farm egg, russian dressing" that was delicious as well. Seriously I have no complaints about this place. We then tried the RED EYE DANISH. It is coffee gravy, benton's smoked ham, gruyère in danish form. Savory and sweet pastry. So good! 
Very pleased with this place!the food at this establishment is really a work of art and a labor of love. our table ordered several small plates to share then each ordered our own main dish for a dinner gathering. if i had it to do over (as i think my dining companions would agree), i would have preferred more small plates for the table. (the main dish i had was good, but for the size and cost, i just felt like i would have been just as happy trying other small plates.) 
they have a nice list of wines and liquors to accompany your meal. 
minus one star because i hate the seating. the tables and chairs are not very comfortable.