Not bad. Get a Burger or wings. Don't deviate or ask for something different. They never get it right. The menu is very nice however after having many items the finished product is really not that good. Beer selection very good. Eat before you go there or just plan on burger or wings. Period.Great food, fantastic craft beer options, service was above & beyond, and their outdoor seating area is dog-friendly. 
Huge brownie points to the bartender/waitress who had a fairly full bar inside, but still managed to provide excellent service to a table of 2 + our dog seated outside. I didn't catch her name, but she was very knowledgeable about the menu as well as beer selection, was very attentive, and gave our turd nugget a biscuit & fresh bowl of water as soon as we sat down. 
I had the fish & chips and Fresh Squeezed IPA on draft. Both 
The boyfriend had the crispy southern fried chicken sandwich and also gave it 
Fantastic first experience; looking forward to going back again today!Great atmosphere, cozy, small...and so are the portions of food for how expensive it is. The beef stew was basically gravy and mashed potatoes....should've been $6 instead of $15. The lemonade vodka drink was almost $8 and I sipped it in 5 seconds, it was basically a lemonade. 
Sweet bartenders but not worth how expensive it is to eat bar food. 
I'd just go for the beer and company.What a drastic improvement from the last bar that was here. Completely renovated, this place looks great! I love the updated decor and the addition of fantastic outdoor seating. I have to say the "Hilltop Fries" were the most amazing fries I have EVER had. They were house made hand cut fries topped with short rib, gravy, cheddar cheese and scallions. I totally ignored my "Hilltop BLT" with triple bacon, garlic aioli, lettuce and tomato. It was definitely packed with bacon, almost too much for me (which is crazy since bacon is my favorite food). If you go here- you need to get these fries. Im about to get off my couch and go get some right now. My only gripe here was that they are seriously understaffed. At lunch time there was only 1 girl working. She was making drinks, serving food, serving tables outside and doing take-out beer. The poor girl was doing her best, but she was completely overwhelmed! Our drinks came out after everyone was done eating and we were about to pay the check. Please Hilltop- hire some additional help. I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for this!!Boy do I miss those crab fries and garlic parm wings! Moving across the bridge has had its perks but we need a Hilltown in south jersey!The drinks were good and cold and decently priced. The food was awful, cold and not cooked through. I would go back to get a Miller lite but never to hang out or grab a bite to eat again.What a great new restaurant. Good was awesome. Service was excellent. Wonderful beer selection. I think we've found a new favorite place to go. Did i mention a lot of outdoor seating.Second time here and it was very average. The fries were soaked in grease and the shrimp/crab quesadilla had so much old bay seasoning that it was inedible. The inside crowd was loud and obnoxious for 2pm. I doubt we'll come back.We've been twice so far and it exceeded our expectations both times! Tonight we had the best service ever by Dana who was attentive and gave great recommendations. We had the Mac and cheese which was a big portion and so delicious! Such a nice place to hang out and have dinner!Glad to have a great go-to spot only a few blocks away.  I have been here a few times, the service is always great and I have liked everything I have tried. The nachos and cheeseteak spring rolls are my favorite.  They have plenty of TVs to watch sports games from and this place really only gets crowded during really big games. My only complaint is that their happy hour is only 4pm until 6pm and they really don't have ongoing deals or specials.food was just ok but you needed $35 minimum to use a credit card.  ridiculous and it wasn't written anywhere.   I never carry cash ans had to use the atm to get $ out to payGreat neighborhood bar and restaurant!  Stopped in a couple of times in the last few weeks with friends from out of town.  Each time, the staff was super friendly and the food was really good. The overall atmosphere is so comfortable, that during a friend's weekend stay she insisted that we return a second time before she returned home.  There are a great number of bars and restaurants in Manayunk and Roxborough but Hilltown Tavern is certainly my new favorite.This place was ok. Just...ok. 
Had the wings as an appetizer. The buffalo wings were flavorful, but decidedly too small for a restaurant. The other flavor was strange and unnecessary. The fried pickles were good. 
Ordered the penne with shrimp as a main course. It came completely devoid of flavor. Ended up packing half of it up, bringing it home, adding a fair amount of garlic, olive oil, sea salt, cracked pepper, and a cut up breaded chicken breast and it became a much, much better dish. 
Their 'no glass on the patio' rule seems more directed at noise reduction than safety, in which case is kind of irritating (Guinness should never be drank out of a plastic cup). 
I would give it another try - their burgers looked decent, and the sweet potato fries were much better than their regular ones. But not super impressed so far.Just updating because even after making the rounds in manayunk this is still my (and my bfs) favorite burger+ fries! The fries are perfectly crispy even when we takeout food and the burgers are cooked to perfection and so juicy! I never get a picture of them because we can't help but dig in so fastHad lunch there yesterday. Decor amazing. Staff so friendly. Food INCREDIBLE! Had the wings which are fried but still juicy with a amazing sticky sweet spicy sauce soooooo good! And the crab fries so much goodness loaded with lump crab meat and savory cheese sauce! Plus every item that was brought out to other tables looked so good. If I had more room in my belly I would have ordered 1 of each! Will def be my new go to spot in the neighborhood, quality food reasonable price with a center city feel. Can't wait to go back!This is a great neighborhood sports bar. They have excellent dog-friendly outdoor seating. 
Favorites:
Hilltown Wings
Mac and Cheese
Fried Pickles
Great place to catch a football game.Exceptionally clean, large outdoor seating area, food pretty fantastic as is service, get the chicken sandwich or anything else on the menu honestly will not be disappointedTo be honest I would give this place a 3.5 but yelp
Doesn't let you do that. It's pretty decent bar food. Got the cheese steak flat bread which was good. The fried chicken sandwich with garlic parm fries. The sandwich was delicious, however I'm pretty sure the fries were not garlic parm, I double checked with the waitress and she said they were but they didn't look like the ones in the pictures they advertise. The looked and tasted like regular fries and were too greasy for my taste. Also ordered the garlic parm wings which were good. Nice selection of beer. Outside seating is really cute, I'm excited to come back summer time- reminds me of a beer garden. My only Complaint was the service, our waitress was not very attentive and we had to wave her down a few times which was annoying. Other than that, I would recommend.Great food, drinks, ambience, and crowd! Dog friendly outdoor seating. Attentive wait staff. 
This is a neighborhood place that treats you like you have lived in that neighborhood all your life!What's pleasant surprise All I can say is I left with a stomach ache because it was so good I didn't leave a morsel of food! The portions where large! Don't know why I didn't try it sooner I know because it's bar food and I try to eat healthy but if I'm gonna indulge this was so worth itService here I've found can be hit or miss. It can also get pretty loud. I think the regulars feel pretty comfortable . That said food is pretty decent, tap selections are solid and whiskey is priced right. Lots of picnic tables outside in summer. Classic neighborhood haunt.Hilltown Tavern is a great neighborhood spot for wings, beer and pub-style food. Their wings used to be the best in the area, but recently they got a new chef and I personally don't think they are quite as good. With that being said, Hilltown is a great go-to place with friendly people, good food and a decent beer selection. Plus their outdoor seating is GREAT, they are very dog-friendly and their rotating beer list is really decent.This place has a lot of potential. Nice corner bar, and outdoor seating, which is rare in Roxborough. Great selection of beers on tap and in the bottle. 
We had wings (phenomenal), the crab fries!!!! (OMG get these!!!! Chickies and Who???), a burger (excellent), and bangers and mash (disappointing (made with breakfast sausages)). 
Will definitely be back soon. Also, the outdoor seating is dog friendly.Today 8-25-18 husband n I went in. We order fish & chip n fish taco. Fish & chip were very bland n heavy greasy taste. Didn't like it at all. Fries didn't have salt on it. Fish taco is that great either. Both food is very bland especially fish n chip were greasy n heavy taste!!! Yuck !!!! We read reviews on yelp read good things abt this place. Since we stop by n try it out. Experience isn't great! I wouldn't suggest my friends or family to come. It's waste a money n time. Their so many good tavern go to eat n drink. But not here! Outside look nice n inside too. I always see tavern pack of people thought they have good food. I guess not!This restaurant is perfect for bringing a dog which is why I love especially coming here in spring summer and fall. The food is decent and  the ambience casual. Perfect neighborhood destination for a good burger and a beer. They always have water and treats for the dog!Good beer section.  Food is as fantastic as the new atmosphere. The outdoor sitting area and the onsite parking make this place a great local hangout. 
Tip to Management: turn down the music a bit people like to conversate over their drinks.Yes it is, it is as good as it gets, the food is outstanding, and it even has s small parking lot behind the bar ,which is a rarity for a corner bar in ..well damn near any neighborhood in Philly really 
The food is some of the best bar food In the area (on par with the Tavern on the Ridge), maybe the city, I had the Jamaican wings, I forget what the hell everyone else ordered because I was on a mission once I tasted them. 
Yes its a bit pricey,but the place is damn near new looking inside , Irish themed , they have a pretty good beer list , and I already told you about the food ...which Im now craving thank you 
Staff was great, place isn't the biggest, so its best to get there early, or if the weather is pleasant enough theres outside seating 
If youre in the Roxborough area , give it a tryMy boyfriend and I have been here twice now. Once we sat outside with our pup and we sat inside on a weekday night. The service is a bit slow because they seem to have 1-2 people working at a time, but the food makes up for it. Get the cheesesteak spring rolls and the fried pickles...you will not be disappointed.Went here on a Friday night around 8:30 and had to wait 15minutes for a table outside. Was surprised to see some of my favorite craft beers available. Even had Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA on draft. The bartenders were busy but gave average service. I would not come here for any speciality drinks. The waitress for outside appeared to be under a lot of stress and over worked. I'm guessing this was a 2nd or 3rd job for her as she didn't have much passion or time management skills for it. Had to flag down the wait staff to say we were ready to eat after about 10-15 minutes of waiting with the menus down. Food arrived in good time. Got the chicken nachos and the steak salad. Nachos were pretty good and a large portion for $10. The salad was decent but I'd expect a little more steak for $13. 
Overall nothing spectacular but not a bad place to go in the neighborhood for a beer and bar food.I live up the street from and end up here probably once a week. I believe there is magic in their fryer, everything that comes out is delicious. Please bring back the onion rings!! Come during happy hour for wings and beers. My only complaint would be the loud music sometimes but the food and drinks out weigh that.Great new local eatery! Pleasantly surprised at how awesome this place is- the drinks, the food, the atmosphere! We will definitely be coming back regularly!Well let's just say this.... I've never heard of this town or this place and I was officially dragged there. Thank God I was we ordered take out and got an order of Disco Fries. I was skeptical because when I walked in to pick them up everyone was eating burgers and I said this can't be right! A half an hour later we arrived home and opened this styrofoam container filled with what I would call heaven. It was filled with fries coated with brown gravy and some of the most tender short ribs I've ever had. Enough said if your in the area gotta stop in for the Disco Fries!Not the kind of place we like to hang out in, too "bro-y" and loud. But the drinks are strong and the wings tasty so if that's your jam, this is a great place for you!Great new neighborhood spot in the old Brick House bar.  Staff is very attentive and friendly.  Good beer on tap.  The garlic wings are very good.  As is the Chicken sandwich.Let me tell you about this place. I am a huge bar food person. I love the drinks, food, and overall aurora of sed bar/restaurants.  The Hilltown Tavern™ fits the quintessential definition of what I look for in such a place. A watered-down bottle of Coors Lite? You bet they have it. A 16 oz. draft of an IPA you've never heard of? Yeah they got that to impress your date. And by impress I mean the complete opposite. Regardless, they have a superb beer selection. The disco fries, along with the rest of the food, hits the spot nearly 100% of the time. I say nearly 100% because the only bad thing I ever had on the menu were the nachos. You cannot go wrong with anything else. Now the interior design of this place has one flaw: it's a bit tightly packed. During busy times you are close enough to the couple sitting right next to you for a prostate exam (which are not fun by the way). Chairs and tables can be uneven and have different heights depending on where you sit. But once the warm whether comes along, sitting outside is the way to go. "This place is really nice outside. I wish I could share this space with someone special. Too bad I'm here alone," I said as I sat outside alone with the sun setting over the Roxborough row homes surrounded by crisp Spring air. I give this place 4 stars, but just by a smidge.Food was very good. Wait staff very friendly. It was a bit noisy and would recommend sitting in the outside dining area.Such a nice local bar in the neighbirhood with outdoor seating for the nice weather! The food is great, staff are so friendly. Can always have a great low key night in the area with some good wings, fried, and drinks!Hilltown Tavern is a good-looking Roxborough neighborhood pub with seating indoors and outdoors. It's the type of place the whole family can come to as well as a sports fan or a Happy Hour devotee. The service is also friendly although when it is crowded, it can be stretched, especially if the bartender is the only one working.  I'm not as enthusiastic about the chicken wings I had here however.  Nothing elevated them above average and the one dipping sauce included is way too small for an order.  You can purchase others.  The bleu cheese dipping sauce was standard, the spicy Asian not really that spicy, and I heard another customer complain about the Jamaican sauce not having much heat to it.  Still the Evil Genius #Adulting beer was a totally tasty and full-bodied accompaniment.  And I do like that this place functions very much like a neighborhood gathering place.Love this place as our local go-to bar to grab some great pub food and good drinks. The staff is very nice and attentive and they are always knowledgeable of the great variety of beers on tap. My favs: the grilled chicken nachos, spicy fried pickles and "disco" fries!I really love Hilltown. I have been there a few times and everything was great. The short rib mac and cheese is excellent. Sweet potato fries and wings are also delicious. I cant wait to try more of the menu.extremely slow service. well understaffed. food takes forever. beer menus not updated. good food however basic bar food.First time at this place - Really nice - good menu - good happy hour prices - Pleasant service - Win   Win
   Win   Definitely recommendNice neighborhood spot! Friendly atmosphere, indoor or outdoor seating, good food, good vibes. Great place to chill on a weekend afternoon.This is our go to stop in Roxborough. The Hiltown wings are incredible...such an original sauce. Also a huge fan of the grilled chicken salad as well as the fried southern chicken sandwhich. The five stars are for the food. Good choice of beer as well, both on tap as well as bottles/cans. You can also purchase 6 packs. For a sports bar, it's one of the nicest in the area by far. We prefer sitting at the bar as I believe their service is slightly better.Been here a few times and it's been great every time. There's always a variety of a crowd whenever we're there which is fun! The food is actually really good.  The burgers, fried chicken sandwich, veggie burger, and wings all stand out in my opinion. The fries are delish too! I'm not crazy about the new floor plan and bathroom situation though. It's exciting to have another nice bar to venture out to not on Main Street.The local watering hole redefined. This tavern is right around the corner from my house, so it is very convenient for a last minute drink or late night bite. The selection of beers on tap is normally so-so. They do go through their craft and IPA beers rather quickly, so a lot of times they are listed on the menu but are no longer available. The food here is actually very good, a step above your typical tavern fare for sure. I've had the cheesesteak spring rolls, the buffalo shrimp, and the Korean BBQ wings. The portions are very large, and everything we had was delicious!Brought my dad here cause we wanted to try out a local pub and we were not disappointed! He got fish and chips, and he's pretty picky, he said it was pretty good! (I tried it and it was amazing-his standards are astronomical but he still liked it!) I got a burger- the one with the egg on it- and HOLY COW. I was very impressed. The fries were good too. The atmosphere is definitely very "pub" like. Everything is a little louder and rowdier than a normal place. It looked like they had some pretty good specials during the week, although we didn't catch any while we were there. Parking was a huge pain to find, fair warning. But this place is definitely worth a visit.Really cool bar from the outside and equally cool from the inside. Came here for dinner. We got the filet mignon which was amazing and very reasonably priced for the portion size. Will definitely get that again. Also, ordered the shepards pie. It was tasty. Very rich, stick to your ribs type of dish. Will return for night out to drink and to try some other menu items.My Bf and I came with our dog for dinner after deciding we were not in the mood for Main Street crowds on a Friday night. We sat outside and it was a gorgeous night, the outdoor seating was filled with happy diners. We live close-by and walked but they have a nice parking lot in back (shock I know, parking in MNYK/ROX)
Food/Drink
We started with Beers obviously, and the chips+salsa+gauc. Everything was tasty and the portion of chips was good however the gauc seemed to be a tiny little portion. 
For our mains, the BF ordered the Bleu burger which was superb, I took a bite as well even though i'm normally not  a fan of bleu cheese and loved it. I had the chicken tacos which were delicious but I could barely finish them as they were packed with meat! Not an issue it was just a big serving!
Service
When it came time to clear our plates/get the check and/or another beer the service was non-existent. We finished our food and waited, waited, waited... trying to catch the attention of ANY server with no luck. We would watch as our waitress would go to check on each of her other tables and not even glance over at us even though it was obvious we were done eating. 
Literally 15min go by with our empty untouched plates sitting in front of us and she finally arrives to clear them and ask if we need anything else. At this point our pup was getting hungry for his dinner so we just asked for the check before she ran off. Once she grabbed our CC with the check again it took an unusually long amount of time before she came back with it. 
Overall:
Food is so delicious and the beer/drink selections are great. Patio is lovely and great for dogs. 
Service was a little off, not sure if this was just an off night for but i like to give people the benefit of the doubt. We'll try again and hope the service doesn't repeat itself.Great restaurant tucked away in Roxborough.  It was recently redone.  There is a great selection of beer, reasonably priced cocktails, and outdoor seating. The food was tasty and fresh.  Looking forward to going back.Great food, great atmosphere, friendly staff... def coming back!We've had some inconsistent experiences mostly with the service, but our last visit service and food seemed much improved.  Nice little local bar hidden in the neighborhood of Roxborough.  Bonus- they actually have a small parking lot if you happen to drive there. 
 Solid bar food, good beer selections, and outdoor seating area. Fried mac and cheese balls were killer! Wings were above average for the area. Worth stopping by!Food is great! The cheessteak eggrolls are amazing! They easily are the best I've ever tried and let's just say, I've have tried a good bit;) I've been there several times and unfortunately, felt the service wasn't that great. The one girl was very nice, but was clearly overwhelmed with the crowd and forgot a few basic things. Another bartender I encountered was generally, not nice and appeared disgruntled. However, overall I'd definitely, go back especially for those eggrolls!We were searching for pork and sauerkraut for a traditional New Years lunch and came across the special at Hilltown Tavern. I ordered Sheppard Pie and my husband had the special.  Both meals were a wonderful surprise for what we expected to be typical bar food. We have been back since this time having the wings and a salad.  Again generous portions and delicious.  Easy parking in the middle of a great neighborhood.The food is great! Big portions and high quality food. The nachos are awesome! They always have good beers on tap! The food and drinks are a little pricey, but the ambiance is nice.Barbara is an amazing bartender. She was attentive and made the BEST Cosmo that I ever had.  I have traveled the world and this little Roxborough bar is the little engine that could.  Please go out of your way to find this remarkable place, Franchises kiss my ass!!!My boyfriend and his family and I just went here for the first time, and it was great! We had six people so we had to pull tables together, but they were totally fine with that. It's very nice inside; cozy Irish pub feel (which is what they're going for, so they nailed it). The food was great. My boyfriend and I got the Hilltown Wings, which were awesome. Two other people in our party got the Southern Chicken sandwich which they said they would get every time. Other orders were fish tacos and traditional Irish fish and chips, all delicious. They also have a great beer selection and some great happy hour deals. We can't wait to come back, especially to watch some games. There aren't many great places in Roxborough, so we're so excited to have somewhere this nice near us when we don't feel like going down to Main Street in Manayunk.The fries are sooooo good. I had the bay fries and the disco fries, and they were finger licking good! At first I thought they were a little expensive, but I assure you for the portion and the amount of toppings it's definitely a bargain. More than enough for like 3-4 people. I shared them with a friend, and had leftovers for several meals (surprisingly, they reheat well too). I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but based on what I've tried I can't wait to taste more of their offerings.Probably the worst food I've ever eaten out in my life. I came here a few years ago with my family and had a fantastic experience. Thought I'd come back and support the local venue. The prices seem adequate until the food came out in front of us. The sweet potato fries had something very wrong with them and my penne dish was the worst pasta dish I have ever had in my life. If you mess up pasta, you shouldn't be in a kitchen. The vegetables tasted like freezer burn and the red sauce was like it was made in Antarctica. It's 2018, most people are trying to have healthy options when they eat out - plus it's Philly, one of the best cities for food. Your vegetarian options do not contribute to the betterment of our society. My friend had the cheese steak rolls and for the both of us to be starving and not finish our food within 10 minutes, let alone at all, is a sad state. C'mon guys - either close the kitchen or learn to cook.The menu is great. Beer selection is good. The remodel is awesome. Its nice to not have to go to Main St to catch a decent outdoor HH or brunch. 
However, I'm not sure if they're giving the servers too much behind the scenes work (filling condiments, getting drinks, assisting bar or kitchen) but the staff is always running and stressed out even when its not crowded, indoors and outdoors. They are pleasant so you aren't annoyed with the server, just the situation. I'm not the type that likes to be hovered over but when I need something and I'm looking around for staff eye contact and there is none to be had I can get impatient especially when its like no utensils, small plates, etc. My food is getting cold while I search for help. Its odd because there will be 3-4 servers which is more than adequate for a place this size but you can lose your server for a significant amount of time. 
Anyway, Ill keep trying and hoping it gets better.I was here yesterday with my gf and a couple of her friends! It was a nice day so we sat inside with the doors open. I ordered the shrimp crab quesadilla. It wasn't  bad but it wasn't as good as others I had before. The Parmesan fries were good! And so was the raspberry mojito! Overall we had a good time! I would come back but to try something else!This place is such a hidden gem! Just moved closer by, and came across this place accidentally. I was super impressed with their friendliness, appearance, and quality of food. Everything I've eaten here has been to my liking. The bartenders are willing to mix up just about any cocktail you can think of, including sangria which I was craving!! They didn't have it on their menu, but made me one anyway. Great service!!
They also have outdoor seating!I'm really impressed with Hilltown Tavern.  How have I not been here before?
From the outside you may think this is your typical neighborhood pub, but the food is definitely above average.  Dishes I tried:
-Nachos with chicken: These were excellent.  Nachos usually are not my first choice for an appetizer, but these looked so delicious when the waitress placed them on the table that I just couldn't resist.  First of all, whatever type of cheese they use is superior to the standard nacho cheddar.  It was super tasty and melted into a sort of sauce rather than becoming stringy.  Second, the chicken was of the pulled variety so it was more evenly dispersed than chunks of chicken would have been.  The third thing I really liked about these nachos was that they were loaded with fresh toppings.  Guac, pico, and pickled jalapeños all come standard which definitely elevated these above your typical pub fare.
-Bread Pudding: This is the best bread pudding I've ever tried!  Again, this is not my usual choice of dessert (I hate soggy bread) but the texture on this was amazing.  Fluffy and rich at the same time.  The bread is torn into pieces, layered into a loaf pan with the batter, and then cut into new slices (at least from what I can tell).  Each piece is caramelized on the bottom which adds a fabulous light crunch.  This dessert is served with caramel and a chocolate drizzle.  Although I liked both sauces, I thought the chocolate was unnecessary and would like to try it with just the caramel next time.  The plate could easily serve two, and possibly even four if you're stuffed from dinner and everyone just wants a bite of dessert.  However, I'd stick to sharing with one other person since you'll want to keep eating it. :) OH - and this dessert is five dollars.  Get it.
Drinks I tried:
-Raspberry Mojito: This was very refreshing, albeit sweet.  I recommend mixing it up when you get it otherwise the bottom of the drink will taste sweeter than the top.  The mint was well-muddled and added a nice freshness to this drink.
-Sangria: The available sangria flavor changes, so ask your server what is currently being offered.  When I was here, it was a sweet white with citrus.  Good, but nothing life-changing.
-Guinness Martini (not sure if this was the exact name): Dessert cocktail with Bailey's and chocolate.  Good flavor, stronger than anticipated.  Would probably stick to one of these towards the end of the meal.
Next time I'm dining out in the area, this will be my first choice.  I'm looking forward to trying other dishes on the menu, and to dining outdoors when the weather warms up.  I also can't wait to eat that bread pudding again!I like this place a lot. when it's not football season, I can always get a table right away when I go around noon. The fried chicken sammie is fantastic. I always get the special soup if they have one, and I have never been disappointed. Wings are great! I like every flavor they offer.Good food
The hostess was friendly and the waitress was also nice which gave us a good first impression considering it was our first time checking this place out.
The atmosphere on a Friday evening is lively and the crowd is a mix of young people till mid 40's.
I ordered garlic parmesan wings and the short rib fries with gravy which was a poutine for me and the wife and we were impressed. The food was fresh, hot, and had just the right amount of seasonings. The servings were big enough for us to actually bring home leftovers. The fries alone is enough to split and the blue cheese dip for the wings was amazing. 
Definitely want to go back soon.Hilltown Johnny Whiskey Wings!!!
Everything about this place is amazing. When I'm in manayunk this is the number one place to go. Downeast cider on tape and the bartenders and waitress never change and are extremely friendly.This place is a hidden gem for those who do not know about this restaurant. Their food is always cooked to perfection. The atmosphere is always welcoming at Hilltown. They have outdoor seating which is also dog friendly. I will continue going to this bar for as long as I live in the area.My husband and I go here regularly, particularly when there's outdoor seating and we can bring our dogs. The wait staff is friendly (and love our dogs), the beer list is fantastic, and the food is all around good. Rarely items maybe a little overcooked, resulting in 4 stars. Our favorite dishes: fried chicken sandwich, Disco fries, fish or beef tacos, French onion soup, fried pickles, filet tip sandwich. Fries are good, particularly dipped in their spicy ranch.Service was insanely slow. Portions are pretty small for the price. The waitress walked by my table multiple times (at least 3 times) while I had an empty drink. Eventually I had to flag her down to ask for another. Asked for the check and that took at least 10 minutes.. when it arrived there was no pen to even sign. I won't be back. Update: my boyfriend has been vomiting all night after eating here.I have been to the Hilltown Tavern 4 times over the past 2 to 3 months. I would say my experiences ranged from 3 to 5 stars overall.  On my first visit, I tried the Hilltown Salad - it was very fresh and tasty, but at $14, a bit pricey (and not the much lower price displayed on the website menu at the time - it's since been updated).  My 2nd visit for apps and a drink was pleasant but my friend had to ask them to turn down the music so we could hear each other talk (there were maybe 12 people and volume enough for 50).  They did oblige his request!  They had an Irish singer that night playing a guitar and he was incredible, but it appears he is not on the calendar anymore.  The next visit was 5 stars - my buddy and I sat outside and both had the Hilltown Burgers - delicious!  My burger was done perfectly as ordered.  Our server was excellent too!  For my most recent visit, I sat at the bar and ordered another Hilltown Burger, but unfortunately it was medium at best when ordered well done.  I rarely send food back unless it's inedible, so I just lived with it.  As the venue trues to accommodate all types of people, it can be a huge challenge. Several guys who probably had a few too many beers and shots were getting loud (obnoxious) and their language was unacceptable if children were in earshot.  I didn't see any inside, and would suggest families with young children dine outdoors if the bar is busy.  Managing customers is never easy so if you go, just keep in mind this is a Bar & Restaurant in one.  I'm a fan of local and independent venues so I would suggest you give the Hilltown a visit.  Overall, the team does a good job of taking care of their customers.We picked the busiest night to come here. First spring weather of the year! It was soooo packed but the service was amazing. My meal was a little cold and they not only heated it up they gave me a completely new meal! Our waitress Lisa was amazing and super helpful and consistent. We'll be back again Love this place! Great beer list!For bar food, it was more impressive than expected. We were hungry with no plan for the evening. So this place is definitely a local hangout.
     I love fries and gravy, so we tried the poutine with short ribs, cheese, and gravy. HOLY MOLY! So it was tasty, but the serving size was crazy huge. We may have gotten away with ordering just that. I had intended to go lighter and ordered fish and chips. A pretty good portion as well with light batter and tender fish. My wife ordered a southern fried chicken sandwich. While I found the breading a little plain, this was a huge, whole chicken breast.
      Would like to give more of the menu a try.Came here recently with some friends for some wings and drinks. The wings here are amazing! The service was good and the place was clean and friendly. I'd definitely come back here again. The fried pickles were on point tooSited in the corpse of The Brickhouse, Hilltown Tavern is a complete change and welcome addition to the neighborhood.  To start with, the place is clean.  REALLY clean...the kind of clean you do not see in a bar.  The place is extremely comfortable as well - barstool, high top table, bench seat or outside picnic table, this place thought out well how your butt feels in their seats.  The windows are amazing and let the neighborhood and sunlight in - a bar really does not have to be dark and gloomy!  While there is a bank of large TV's they do not feel oppressive or intrusive.  There is a jukebox, so music can be scattershot.  Outside are many picnic tables with full service for those beautiful days...pets are welcome but there are enough tables available so those of us who do not appreciate Fido aren't forced to deal with your damn dog.  It is a neighborhood place so kids are welcome at appropriate hours.
Excellent on-tap and bottled beer selection, heavy on local craft but many areas of the country are also represented.  Prices are higher than Roxborough, lower than Main Street.  Fortunately this place is worth it. Take out beer is available at a reasonable price.
The food here is quite good - I have yet to have anything I am unsatisfied with.  The wings are standout - just ask for them well-done.  Short-rib  mac and cheese is perfection, as are the burgers.  BTW - putting a slider on the bloody mary?  Tacky, and brilliant! The Hilltown Bay fries are crabby deliciousness.  Food prices also fit into that higher than Roxborough, lower than Main Street general area.  
Hilltown has the best bar food in the Roxborough area, hands down, and may be the best bar.  Not quite upscale, not quite a gastropub, definately for the neighborhood it is in.I call it the chilltown tavern bc them beers are ice cold baby! The staff always keeps it a bean. Wings, burgers, mac n cheese, what the hell else you want? Stop in for a cold beer and delicious food. Tell em daddy sent ya!Well I was pleasantly surprised about Hilltown Tavern.  Big menu, lots of beer, brand new TV's and the place was clean.  
I had the Filet sandwhich that was outstanding!   Top notch wings too!   I will definitely be going back there.  Great place to watch the game and parking in Roxborough, thats like a unicorn feeding you beers!Went there twice not a bad place. Was not overly impressed with food.  Beer is pricey. Nice outdoor deck. Not going to go out of my way to go there again, but will probably stop back in again.Cool, little, local bar with tasty food. We popped over for dinner and enjoyed. Now I'll admit that at first I thought the poutine seemed a little pricey, but when it came (the short rib, cheese, and gravy) it was practically a meal for two people. A LOT of meat cooked super tender.
     I had the fish and chips and my wife had the southern chicken sandwich. Two more large meals. Fish was crispy and light, the chicken sandwich was a whole, huge chicken breast. I felt the breading on the chicken was a little bland, but my wife really enjoyed it. I think it had a backend taste like a chick-fil-a sandwich.I went here for the first time tonight! I really enjoy the food and drinks.  Katie was amazing, very friendly! Nice to talk to."Sad Experance & response, I stopped in for a easy bite and a beer one night. Ordered french onion soup and a beer. As soon as I got home I got sick right away, i thought i would do the right thing and email them instead of putting up a bad review. I did recieve a reply blaming the weather and time of year. I thought it was a sad reply and not owning up to what happened." I felt perfectly fine when I walked in. Sad time