The location of the hotel was great! Centrally located and right above Reading Terminal Market! The room we stayed in was nice and clean. A/C ran great, beds were comfy. The staff was great as well. They were so nice, they gave me a free room upgrade. The only thing that I didn't like about this stay was the $36 per day for parking. Other than that I will definitely stay here again when I'm in Philly again. So many food choices down at Reading Terminal Market!!!!I have such mixed reviews about this place. I stayed here over the past weekend with some friends in preparation for the Philadelphia 2010 1/2 Marathon. The location is perfect because it is right next to the Reading Terminal Market as well as the Philadelphia Convention Center. 
The service here is subpar. The 10th floor grill has weird hours and seems to close early. Every time my friends and I wanted to check it out, it was always closed. In addition, we asked housekeeping and the front desk for extra towels; they indicated that it would come, but it never did. We pretty much had to take towels from one of the maids that were cleaning the rooms on our floor.
Aside from that, the front staff were helpful with directions on getting to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. They were also accommodating by allowing us to have a late check out due to the race. 
The big negative on location is the WaWa across the street. Talk about a ghetto place. Many people from around the area has told us to avoid that Wawa but it was too late, we already checked it out and were freaked out. 
Will I return here again? Probably, the location is nice for the price. I just don't expect to eat at their restaurant nor check out the nearby Wawa. I also will rather try to stay at the Loews hotel which is a few blocks away.My family stayed here to accompany my mom, who was required to stay here for five days for a medical procedure. She was offered a discounted rate, but we were forced to pay the full $200/night price despite being the family of a patient. I wasn't looking for a handout, but I thought the hotel would do *something* for us since we were spending close to $2,000 for hotel rooms. Nope.
What do you get for $200? Well, it was a suite so at least there was a sitting space... but I wouldn't go so far as to describe it as a sweet suite. The furnishings were typical for a mid-range hotel and in decent shape, although you could tell things weren't that new. Either our adjustable bed was broken or it's a gimmick 'cause I couldn't tell any difference. The worst part about the room is the A/C unit had a fairly loud rattle when running. I didn't bother to call maintenance because I had no faith they could fix it. We just ran it cold during the day and turned it off at night.
The hotel lost power for 4-6 hours one evening. It was quite the inconvenience because my mom couldn't leave her room and it was dark outside. The good news is the hallway lights and one elevator still worked on generator power. It was definitely interesting to be hanging out with all the guests on the floor in the hallways. 
The best part about the hotel is the proximity to things like Reading Terminal and Chinatown. Despite that, I would not choose to stay in this hotel again. IMO, the fit and finish doesn't come anywhere close to justifying the price.First the good it is a great location. It is right across the street to Reading Market Terminal and close to China Town and within walking distance to many of the sites. 
Now the bad and ugly. 
It needs updating. 
When I checked in there apparently had been issues with the water which I was not made aware of. When  I got to my room after waiting 2 hours for it to be ready, I needed to take a shower and turned the water on and it was brown.
The next day when I finally felt OK to take a shower when I took a towel off the rack it was nasty and stained, I hope , and not still dirty. I will not stay here again.Busser's delight! And compared to the other budget Center City Philadelphia hotels I've stayed in, the rooms are huge. 
But the staff does not earn the love I have for the nice people at the Center City Doubletree. Here, they all mentioned the bar/restaurant in a corporate sleepwalking monotone, even though it was already closed for the night. And while we were checking in (it was pretty late), a befuddled foreign traveller was informed that his reservation was not at this Garden Inn, but one in Ft. Washington, PA, a mere 30 miles away. The staff kindly called him a cab!! For chrissake, give the lost soul a refund, book him a room somewhere nearby, and save him the hassle and cab fare! If that had been me, I'd never have stayed at a Hilton again.
As it is, I look forward to trying to finagle this hotel from Hotwire again, someday.Stayed at Hilton Garden Inn during weekend where the hotel was completely booked during a conference and a rather large family reunion.  I gave three stars because the rooms a very clean and functional; the restaurant on the 10th floor was great. However between the patrons of the conference and the kids from the family reunion running and screaming down the hall, we were not happy about in the least. The pool was so over crowded that it probably take the pool people a week to get it clean. Beer bottles and trash left everywhere at the pool. I know the staff did their best, but I would suggest a better location and possibly further from the city center if you have small children. If you are single and looking to party and be close to everything, then you will enjoy staying here.Hilton Garden Inns are usually a slam dunk but I can't say that about this location.  It has a great location and you can tell it's received some updating over the years but in general it needs a decent overall face lift.
The hallways smelled stagnant and of dirty carpet...and it was the same in my room.  And while they offer free internet it was essentially non-existent and worthless.
On the last day I received a note under my door saying there was a water emergency and there was no hot water. Not a huge deal but still stinks.
For positives it's right near Reading Terminal Market which offers a ton of food options, is only 1.5 miles from the art museum and 0.5 miles from Old City.The HIlton Garden Inn Center City Philadelphia, PA was acceptable.  There were definitely pluses and minuses, which lands it a solid 3 star rating.  If pressed, I may be inclined to give it a 3.5.  To summarize:
Plus:
+ Great location.  Adjacent to Reading Market, and within walking distance to most anything you want to explore in downtown Philadelphia.
+ Pleasant business center, with good computers and free printers.
+ Free ice water, with strawberries/orange slices on the 10th floor.  Don't underestimate the value of having chilled water, when traveling.
+ Free WiFi access.  Note, you do have to re-login daily which can be a pain in the butt.
Minus:
- Staff was hit or miss.  Some were terrific, and friendly.  Some were subpar.
- Hotel was louder than desired, in part because of the great location.  Buses, car horns etc. noise filtered in, even on the top most floor.
- Bed was uncomfortable.  It was clearly an older bed as the middle of the bed sagged.  Overall, the hotel could benefit from a nice update.
Pro tip: This Hilton offers a bonus 500 HHonors points for Philadelphia trivia.  Just ask at the front desk!Not so great. If I was Mr. Hilton, I wouldn't want my name on this place.
The location can't be beat, but the rooms feel like a hospital.I recently spent a week at this hotel. Excellent location and exceptionally friendly staff!  The rooms have a microwave and fridge which is extremely convenient. Housekeeping was great. They have a restaurant/bar on site as well. 
The only two downfalls of the hotel are the beds and the gym. The beds are not very comfortable, I had a room with two double beds and both seemed the sag in the middle. The gym is a shoebox size room with a bench, elliptical, treadmill or two and a bike. All the machines were taken when I was there. However it is next to the indoor pool and hot tub if you wanted to enjoy those instead.- Upon check-in, the toilet had not been cleaned (urine stains visible) and not all usual bath products were present. When I called to have someone come clean the toilet, it took way too long, to the point where I ad to tell the front desk to just cancel.
- One of the two double beds was actually missing the sheets. Who makes a bed without sheets?
- When we opened the window at night, there was so much noise coming from people yelling in the street, that it was ruining what I had hoped would be a good night's rest. ( I don't like artificial air conditioning.) Yes, we closed the window to keep the noise out and I realize the hotel doesn't  control the people in the streets, it still made for a bad overall experience.
- I took my kids to use your indoor pool, but the water looked so cloudy that I didn't want to put the kids in there to swim. The chlorine smell was unusually strong too.
The location and cost are good, but the experience was sub-par. I would not go back to this hotel.Pretty dingy place.. bed feels like its 100 years old, room has a smell to it.. pillows are tiny, thermostat cover fell off when I walked into the room. All 'n all I'd suggest you look to stay elsewhere..This is the worst place I have ever stayed.  I am not rich so I have stayed in some Motel6 and such.  This room was no better.  There was black hair in the bed but I didnt notice until we were leaving.  The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off at the ceiling.   There was rust on the bathroom door archway.   The only good thing about this place was the Breakfast.  I paid over $200 for the night just as a little present for Father's Day and I regret it so much!  I wanted to see the Liberty Bell the following day but this entire experience left a bad taste in my mouth so me and my family just drove home.  Do not waste your money or ever stay here!!!!!!!!Room was very clean and the staff were nice.
The gym was like a walk -in closet.  Three pieces for cardio... and barely enough room to lift weights.  Not impressed.
Location was really good since it was close to the market.  
Sometime in the afternoon - cookies are next to the guest services :-)We booked here last minute through Hotwire, so our rates were great for the amazing location RIGHTNEXTTO the Reading Terminal Market and so close to many other are attractions.
The star knocked off is due to the SCARY, SLOW and UNPREDICTABLE elevators!The best thing about this hotel is it's convenient location right next to Reading Terminal and across from convention center. A little bit of a dodgy area but convenient walk to tourist sites...including Barnes Foundation and Franklin Institute to the West and Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, US Mint and Federal Reserve Bank to the East. And close to Chinatown for handy dinner.
"Jr Suite" room was fine...clean but best not the best room i've ever stayed in, had a frig which was handy, and the sofa bed was barely usable given the angle at which i "folded"...but worked for a very tired 11 year old boy at the end of a long day.  The two "full size" beds were just that...Full size but certainly not Queen. Was a fine value at $110/night given the short # of hours we spent in the room each night.
Couple other notes - entrance to the hotel (cut out along the curb to pull in to unload) is on 11th St. heading north, so had to drive around the block when we arrived via Arch St.  And for parking we used Parking Panda (online) and pre-paid for 3 days parking at $16/day at the Convention Center parking on Arch St. b/n 12th and 13th (just a couple block walk) which was better than the $36/night at the hotel.Awesome location, fun location.
Enjoyed my stay.
Good business room got a lot of work done in there computer lab. 
Room service was good.My girlfriend and I had a reservation to stay here on 2/14/15. We arrived a little after 4PM (check-in time) and were told that our room was not ready, but we would be called when it was ready. We don't like to complain unless absolutely necessary and didn't mind waiting for a while. Our dinner reservation wasn't until 8 PM anyway. After waiting for 2.5 hours we were finally told that our room was ready. 
The front desk staff were extremely friendly and apologetic and they offered us two coupons for a free breakfast (which we didn't end up using). 
The following morning we got up and were hoping to take a shower before checking out and found that we had no hot water. We left the water running for 10-15 minutes and it was still ice cold. I ended up paying over $300 for this room and all I wanted was a bit of hot water to take a shower. I don't think that's too much to ask for considering that price!
The location of the hotel is great and we still ended up having a great weekend. If we want to stay in Center City again, I will most likely go with one of the other hotels that are in the same general location.
This experience inspired me to write my first Yelp review. I probably would not have been so frustrated if I hadn't paid so much!This is a first glance a very strange hotel.  When you first arrive you are not really sure where the hotel is.  You see the lobby, but the floors with the rooms are above a parking structure, starting on 7.  I have stayed here now three times and find it very efficient and functional for work in the city with a freindly supportive staff.  It is right next to the Reading Station and on the edge of China town so there are great places to eat within easy reach.I stayed at this hotel while traveling for work and it was the absolute worst experience in a hotel I've ever had (and I travel very frequently). During my stay I visited the hotels sad excuse for a fitness center on a Sunday night. When I left, my iPhone must've either fallen out of my pocket or I mistakenly left it in the room. The hotel was pretty empty, I did not see any other guests walking around because it was pretty late at night, and there was only a contracted company of carpet cleaners in the hallway. When I realized my phone was missing I went back to look for it and it was gone. I went to the hotel front desk and they took a report, then informed me the hotel has no cameras or security of any kind (great!). They also tried to hide the fact that they knew it had to be someone in their own staff or part of that contracted company, but they were very bad liars. Luckily I only had my phone stolen and wasn't attacked in the hallway by a stranger. The hotel pretty much told me to call the police and that their insurance would cover the loss. I was supposed to hear back within 3 days and when I called I couldn't get a straight answer or a call back. It's now been 6 days and nothing. Even calling corporate was useless.
Do yourself a favor, and stay away from this one. I won't stay in a Hilton ever again, nor will any of my clients and colleagues.The hotel is walking distance to multiple touristic locations in Philadelphia. It's right by Chinatown. The rooms are big and have a nice bathroom. Everything is clean and comfortable. Every single staff member I talked to or saw in the halls were very pleasant, respectful and polite. The hotel doesn't have it's own parking garage, but there's one adjacent to the hotel, which is $35 a night as of October 2016.I chose this hotel because of the location. I was a little bit scared since the reviews weren't all that great. I'm very glad I followed my gut and decided to stay here. The hotel was clean, our room spacious and we enjoyed our stay. 
When we came in the check in was fast and they didn't rush us to check out exactly at 11 since we overslept. 
They did have a gym, pool and restaurant but I didn't get to go to any since I was too busy enjoying Philly. I love how this hotel is very close to the Terminal Market and plenty of restaurants. Its about a 10 minute walk to South street or $7 cab ride.
The only negative is that they don't validate parking at all and you if you park in the garage next door its $34 a day.a bit of a last minute booking because we werent sure if we were heading to Philly on this day.  As a result we had two double beds.  Aside from the beds the room was ok.  The location is great, right next to reading terminal and a few minutes walk to city hall.Outdated hotel, but location is good. I'm traveling with toddler and infant this time.
Pro: great location, right next to reading terminal market, Chinatown, cvs, Marshall and Burlington
Has Microwave and refrigerator in the room
Con: our beds sinks in, I sleep with a toddler and at midnight he's sinkers in middle and I left with no room to sleep. Also pillow is very uncomfortable, and high
The ac controller falls off the wall if you touch it or make any adjustment. 
Overall the room looks and feel dirty and old
I will not stay here again just bc I didn't get good sleep at all, and not about to wake up both kids to change roomA great location next to the Reading Market and the convention center.  Rooms are clean and nice, kind of like a higher-end business hotel.  Free internet, pool, bar&restaurant that has a happy hour mon-fri.  If you're lucky like us, you get to stay here for $60 through priceline.com.
The parking rules in the surrounding streets are very confusing and variable from street to street, block to block.  Be careful!Stayed here twice, never had a problem.  Clean rooms, friendly people, but most importantly, great location!  The Reading Terminal Market is right there.  It's the perfect place to be because the Market is so huge.  You'll want to be able to go there several times.  Everything is in walking distance.  Tons of sites and bars in the area.  The outdoor Italian marketplace is about a mile away.  Pat's and Geno's are about a mile and a half out, just past the Italian market.Let me tell you about great customer service!
Terrance Jones is a gem at the HGI.
While traveling to Philadelphia, I stopped there for a quick breakfast before my meeting.  I left my credit card in the portfolio at the restaurant, Tenth Floor Grille, and went on my way.  At lunch I realized i did not have my card and went back to the hotel   and the restaurant was already closed.  Terrance found me in the hallway looking to get in to the grille.  He asked if he could help and thus began my admiration for the extra steps he took to solve my problem,
He checked with the manager, and found the card was sent down to the front desk.  He took me to the desk, introduced me to the staff and made sure i got my card back.
Grateful and pleased to have my card, I noticed that he was recently awarded Employee of the Year for 2014.  I asked him about it, and he told me this was his 3rd or 4th time to win it.  He loves his job and raises the bar for everyone...
Definitely worth staying there again!!!we stayed at the Hilton Garden in for 7 nights as part of an unfortunate trip to the Wills eye hospital to have a cancerous tumor treated and removed. We arrived scared and short on patience and sleep and the folks here at the hilton blew us away. From the cookies upon check-in to the free wi-fi it was clear from check-in that the staff aimed to please and in spite of the fact that we were far from home they did their best to make us feel comfortable and at ease. When my mom called multiple times for various issues with our room, a stuck thermostat, a room phone that woudn't call, engineers arrived promptly and had the problems fixed within the hour. I work in a chain hotel so I know the kind of commitment to customer service this takes when you're dealing with floors upon floors of complaining guests. The engineers were curteous and efficient. When I made it back to the hotel post surgery the following day, the kind and gregarious restaurant supervisor, Tom Bonfiglio broke open the kitchen to make me something to eat even though it was between meal periods. In the following days Danny and Chamran at the front desk were unfailingly polite in helping my mother get around the city while I was bedridden, and our cleaning lady stopped by daily, not only to replenish toiletries but to personally check that I was doing alright. We went down to breakfast the morning after my surgery where I was ran off by  some young children who were loudly pointing and staring at the large bandage over half my face. I left in tears to my room, all of which was noticed by our banquet server Eric. He had had limited interaction with us, just an "would you like oj or coffee" dialogue but it didn't stop him from buying me a get well card adressed to "a strong woman"  which he hand delivered to our room after he didn't see me at breakfast the next morning. That card, signed simply "your server Eric" gave me more courage and comfort than half of the emails/cards/candy/and flowers I had gotten from friends and family back home. I was truly touched that he would go to such lengths for a mere stranger. As I read the negative reviews left by some of the other guests it seems they must've been in a completely different place. Sure my TV didn't have a hookup for my mom's ipad but the hotel was clean, efficient, professional, and filled at every corner with some of the most genuine caring individuals I have ever had the privilege of working with in the service industry. If ever I am asked my advice on where to stay in Philadelphia, my unequivocal answer will be the Hilton Garden Inn on Arch street, where the spirit of brotherly love is represented daily by the wonderful people that help make your stay feel like homeWe've been here for an hour and a half sitting in the lobby.  Check in at four.   Room still not ready. This is ridiculous.   Will never reserve at a Hilton again.   Nothing romantic about sitting in the freezing cold lobby.I'm a Hilton franchisee, the hotel and room itself was great.  We are here for a friends wedding and we packed the hotel.  Naturally hanging out at the restaurant lounge is going to happen as we are celebrating.   Very rude service by bar tenders and manager.  Made my pregnant friend get up because we moved a chair to accommodate her to sit in because he said due to flow of traffic when we are the only ones in the place.  I won't ever complain about a brand that I'm a franchisee off but I'm a franchisee of every hotel chain so at this point I'm doing this for my friend who is 7 months pregnant and drove me over the top.  People complain at some of my hotels. My turnCame in for a weekend away with my significant other. They let us check in 3hrs early! And our room is always clean, the staff is always happy and helpful! It is located a 1.2 mi walk from the Italian market, abt a half a mile from south street (or a $8 taxi ride haha). Great location in center city and Chinatown is right around the corner.Outdated, poorly maintained and disappointing. Don't waste your money. I'm not sure how it maintains its Hilton status. Dirty floor in room with what looks to be ground in gum in multiple places in the rug. Broken curtains. I was told I got an upgrade and this is pretty bad.Four stars because of the staff. There are definitely nicer hotels in Philadelphia (not many other hotels in Chinatown area), but also more expensive.
The staff is trained well and always asks how you are doing. They are very accommodating, and open to requests for recommendations. It can get a little noisy, but that's due to the area and sound travels up. Science.
Also, all garden inns have the adjustable dial beds. The commercials are dumb, but the beds work. I dial.I stayed here for almost a week on business, and I have to say, it wasn't so great.
Don't get me wrong, the staff at the front desk was amazing, and the cleaning crew did a great job on my room everyday.
But, the hotel itself was another story.  The walls were paper thin, so I could hear someone else's alarm going off at 5 am everyday, as well as their conversations.  The beds weren't very comfortable.  There was a knob that would adjust the firmness, and my knob only worked on half of the bed, so if I had to roll over at night, it was like rolling over the great divide.  And the gym..."gym"...was a tiny room with a treadmill, an eliptical, and free weights...what gym?
The overall location of the hotel was nice; it's right next to the Reading Terminal, and the convention center.  So grabbing breakfast and being into the convention center in under 10 minutes was possible everyday.
I don't think I would stay here again on my own dime, and I would try to get into the Marriott down the street for business, if given the choice.The Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Philadelphia is centrally located within walking distance of the convention center, historic sites (Liberty Bell, Independence Hall) and adjacent to the Reading Market Terminal - a food lovers paradise. 
The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the area. My room was spacious with a very comfy bed and pillows. The hotel offered free Wi-Fi and a decent size bathroom. 
Parking is steep at $36.00 a day. I was in Philadelphia for work and had to have a vehicle. But if I were visiting Philly on my own I would forgo the car. The front desk gave us a key card for entry and exit to the garage. 
The area directly around the hotel has seen better days but there are a lot of restaurants and shops in walking distance and I never felt in danger. I walked to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall one morning and it was a ten-minute walk. 
The hotel has a restaurant on that tenth that offers a great breakfast buffet and at night is a bar and restaurant. I was in a hurry and only needed food to go, the staff worked with me and did not charge me the buffet rate ($14). 
The single best feature of the Garden Inn is the Wawa convenience store located directly across the street. Wawa has the most amazing coffee I've ever had at a convenience store ever! You need to check out their soft pretzels too. I am very sad Wawa's do not exist outside of the East Coast.
I was only in town briefly for a TV shoot but would love to return to properly sight see. I would definitely stay at The Hilton Garden Inn on my return.My coworkers and I just spent 12 days at this hotel and had a wonderful experience! Every member of the staff that we encountered was friendly and helpful. 
I especially want to shout out Monroe and Kevin for their exceptional service at the restaurant upstairs. Their bright smiles and attentiveness made early breakfasts a little more bearable. 
Would definitely stay here again!We are Hilton Honors reward members and this is by far the worst Hilton we have ever stayed in. The lobby seemed updated so when we got to our room we were surprised about how out dated they were. Not only are they every outdated but they were very dirty. We found trash and candy under our beds, Bobby pins on the floor (I do not wear Bobby pins) and a used towel hanging on our shower curtain rack. ALSO, we have a ford truck... you CAN NOT park in their parking garage. It's only 6'3 high. If we ever come back to Philly we will NOT stay here. Disappointed.Standard Hilton Garden Inn...(I've been to a few as of late.)
Checked in around 1pm on a Saturday...got a room on the 7th floor. My usual request for a room by the elevator was accommodated with no fuss.
Room was average sized with 42" LCD HDTV, fridge and microwave, which was a plus. Bed was semi-comfortable. The AC was a bit finicky, and there was only an old style thermostat that I was afraid to touch because I thought it might have ended up falling off the wall. 
The best part is that it's close to Wawa (for the best iced coffee), Reading Terminal Market, and the subway for exploring Philly.
It would probably be best if you didn't come here with a car...parking is on the more expensive side at $36/night. I actually ended up parking in a lot at one of HGI's sister properties that was walking distance - paid about $15 less.I just had the pleasure of staying here for a few days during a conference.
wow.
Firstly they are a very friendly group! As Michelle P. mentioned, I too got to know Greg Burton (Guest Service Manager) who was totally "the man".  There was a corporate cc snafoo when I arrived, but was relatively easily worked through. He even provided a free upgrade to a Jr. Suite which was awesome. Nice jacuzzi / pool on the 7th floor, FREE wifi internet, great amenities, etc....
The hotel is located 1 block from China town, 2 blocks from the Market Street stretch, 5 blocks from Independence Hall, 4 blocks from City Hall, the same block as the Reading Terminal Market (just one of the coolest places I've ever been).
I'll stay here next time I go to Philly--which will hopefully be in the not-to-distant future because that is one AWESOME city.Not a bad hotel In Philly.
+
Awesome location (next to Chinatown, Reading Terminal Marker)
Nice staff
Affordable
Free wifi
- 
Smallish rooms
The room had both a slightly weird smell and a ringing sound coming from somewhere. Neither were overwhelming but both were annoying.
Thin walls
Slow elevators
Entrance feels kind of sketchy
This was decent for a work trip but I probably wouldn't choose to stay here on my own.I learned a few things when staying at the Hilton Garden Inn:
-My luck with hotels.com has run out. I had reserved a king room but there were none available. We ended up with a room that had double beds which was not the fault of the HGI but it did not get us off on the right foot. 
-I don't like seeing the trash of previous occupants. When I moved a foot stool in our room, there was an empty Coke bottle on the floor. Add to this random dark hairs in the bathroom and on the sheets when I pulled back the comforter. To quote Matthew S. - super gross dot com. 
-Again, not the hotel's fault but there was a lot of talking, screaming, and door slamming on our floor from about 1am - 4am. We heard security talk to the group 3 different times that night. I do not like getting 3 hours of sleep the night before a big wedding where I will be meeting relatives of my husband for the first time.
The best thing about his hotel is that it is steps away from Reading Terminal Market. 
Would I stay here again my next time in Philly? No way Jose.We stayed here for 3 days, and all 3 days where amazing! 
Staff was amazing!!! Always friendly, always smiling and always willing to help with anything we need!
I can't say enough about the great customer service! 
Buffet breakfast was a little pricey for me $15.95 a person even kids, but it was very delicious! It's worth it if your big on breakfast. For me not so much!! 
Location was great, walking distance to everything. Just bring your walking shoes!The reviews of this hotel seem to me to be right on for the most part. Although 3 stars isn't great, I would deem this facility serviceable. We needed to be close to the various medical facilities and it is ideal for this purpose. We had about a 6 block walk. Parking, as noted, is high, but I didn't attempt to shop that, I just wanted to get in and stay put.  Generally speaking, the hotel is easily reachable from the main highways. 
Given some reviews, I expected the worst.  However, the rooms were very middle of the road and in our case, clean and tidy. Wifi was fine. People with whom I dealt were perfectly accommodating.  The breakfast buffet was underwhelming, so I didn't check the price.  The area is not the Most posh, but with the bustling activity in the area during the day it appears perfectly walkable. 
For the price, the entire experience was as expected and I would - and probably will - stay there again.  That said, I didn't see any other hotels nearby.Stayed here last week for 3 nights. First time in Philly and I found this place to be in a great location. Ta walking distance to many places. Downstairs in Reading Terminal Market and that is the place to eat! Super convenient!  This place is clean and the staff was great! We were always greeted and asked if we needed anything. 
A day after we checked out, we noticed that we forgot out camera charger in the room. When we called housekeeping, they were able to find it. They will be mailing it to us as a courtesy. 
Next time I'm in Philly, I definitely will stay here again!this is my first stay in Philadelphia and it has been a good one. Like other reviewers, the parking is hard to find or easily miss, had to drive around twice to find it. When I go to the front desk I was given my room and when I went to go check it out, the room was not ready yet, I returned to the desk and met a very nice employee named Ducky, who I think looks like Olivia Munn, made corrections and made my stay a great experience when I finally arrived in my Junior suite. On the 7th Floor, there is a 3.5-4 ft standing pool with a hot tub adjacent to a gym. On the 10th floor there is a restaurant called 10th floor grill which has a terrific view of downtown.the accommodations were exactly what i was looking for however as it goes with all hotels i was VERY disappointed my money could not be refunded...family emergency and all plans had to be cancelled and not only did i have to put money into family circumstances but i lost money from not being able to attend my reservation. As it goes, i do understand most hotels have a non-refundable policy however i figured they could at least be understanding and refund in this case. I booked because it seemed like a very nice stay and in the perfect location...just wish i could offer more postive review on their customer service.Staff is warm and accommodating. The location is perfect. We're in Chinatown and very close to the retail at rittenhouse square. The daylight balance temperature lighting was fairly horrible. I lights were white instead of yellow. The breakfast with the hotel stay is worth it too! Free wifi is a plus as well!Staff was AMAZING.. rooms were nice and clean, big and comfy. Everything you would expect from a higher class hotel in Philly. a few minor problems . We bought the " Love package" which included Breakfast for 2 or buy one get one free dinner, a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine or juice in your room when you arrive, early check in and late check out.I see a lot of complaints about the beds on here but the beds are adjustable to your desired hardness there is a dial on every mattress which was a BIG comfort as I had read on here that the beds were very uncomfortable and I took my chance THANK GOD i did.  We didn't have the wine in the room when we got there but called to the front desk and they sent it up about an hour later along with some yummy chocolate covered strawberries. We had gotten there too late to eat in the hotel restaurant  as it closes at 9pm and did not get the complimentary breakfast because we had slept in and we had planned on using our dinner discount that evening but the restaurant was closed for a private event the discount could not be used on room service and room service hours ended at 9pm. So that was a waste for us. We were given complimentary drinks upon check in only to find the bar closes at 11 and is very tiny. No place to sit as all 10 bar stools were filled. The bartender was nice but not very knowledgeable of some common drinks. Parking is horrible but that is anywhere in Philly it is $36 to park for 24 hrs IF you don't move your car and $38 if you need in and out access which is a nice little bonus. Overall it was very nice just use caution when buying the "packages".I have stayed at this hotel for the last three years (yes, 3 years every week with the exception of holidays). That should say it all . . . but . . . . 
Excellent breakfast, Gene the Chief - the best! 
Excellent nightly cocktails, Erika (aka Jersey Girl) and Anthony (aka the boxer) - the best! (mention Rev. Chett to them, you won't get a free drink but you will get a laugh) 
Front desk staff, the whole crew - the best! (but I do miss Albert) 
True, the location leaves a little to be desired but once inside the building - the best! 
The entire staff is friendly to a fault, they will bend over backwards to make your stay - wait for it - the best.Spend your money elsewhere. First they overbooked rooms and couldn't give us the king size room we booked. Then they ran out of pillows and suggested we roll up a comforter to make a pillow. Don't do it.It was my first time in Philly and didn't know the area well. Here are is my pro and con list for the hotel.  A major con was when I checked in the room I was assigned to didn't have a room number and was partially open so I had to switch.
pro
free printing and scanning and major plus when you are on a business trip
they store the luggage in a locked room
right next to convention center
next to Reading Market place
con
there are some vagrants who use the business center
the area is a little shady
elevators take forever
the bedding is not super softFood left on refrigerator no clean, have bad smell on room, the refrigerator make too many noise. The parking fee not reasonable for 4-5 hours stay(2-12 hours parking same price $29). I won't choose next time.All thats missing is a VCR in the rooms.  
Stayed 2 nights 5.24 - 5.26
This hotel needs a complete make over, what a dump.  The wall paper was visibly peeling as if there was water damage.  Toilets seats are bubbled and shower curtains filthy.  Hotel hall carpets stained and decor old.  Thus I was happy they don't give warm cookies here since it likely wldnt have been clean.  Needless to say I didnt eat from the hotel restaurant.
Hilton family should be ashamed to have this establishment exist in this condition in a major metropolitan city.Only hilton I've ever been at that didn't validate parking and they were beyond rude about it. we will never be stay here again. don't recommend.Easy stay when they put my dad in ICU at Jefferson University Hospital- a short walk and easy to find.
I wish I didn't have to argue with the front desk to get a clear description of the parking policy (so steep! With in and out privileges only if you follow their specific policy on time limits. I don't know- the parking at the hospital if you're a patient or visitor is just such a better deal. I'm glad the hotel had a loading / unloading area. )
Laundry was convenient, though pricey at $3 a load (3 per wash,3 per dry). 
Printing services did not work. 
Nice water in the lobby.Can't get much closer to the convention center than this!  Right on the same block as Reading Terminal, if you aren't planning on doing any driving and just want a central place downtown, this works great.   The hotel was very clean, staff friendly, and the gym is small but good.  My biggest complaint was the pool...not terribly big (about 8 strokes long)...the first night I was there it was way too cold (and I swim in lakes), then after that it was like bathwater...ug.Got a good rate on this hotel in Philly. Literally right next to the Greyhound Bus station which is how we both got there and left, so very convenient for us, especially since we had a lot of luggage. Once we checked in, they had a manager's get together for some finger foods and beer/wine. They do this every Wednesday apparently. It was pretty good, and started our Philly trip on the right foot. The room was a good size as well. I think we had a junior suite with double beds. It included a buffet breakfast with my room rate (really good compared to other hotels) and free wifi. Eric working on the buffet waited on us 2 of the 3 days we were there and was great. I was happy with the location. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
Also, if you don't want to spend a ton of money on a tour, take the Phlash Bus (all day pass coats only $5), it takes you to most of the main tourist attractions.I had a very enjoyable stay. My check in was at 4 pm. But they had my room ready by noon. The staff at the front desk were welcoming and respectful. The hotel was clean. I seen day and evening staff cleaning. The bathroom was cleaned. The bed was clean. The pull out sofa had fresh linen in the closet in a plastic zip bag. I love the hospitality my family and I received. The cafe was closed and I needed cutlery. The staff went the extra mile to get us some. My family and I used the pool 45 minutes to close time. And the staff allowed 30 minutes extra. They had water out in the lobby during the daytime and evening and in the morning they had coffee and hot chocolate. I was very happy they offered parking fees to my stay. The location is is close to all the cities attractions and short driving distance to the other shopping location. My family and I will be visiting again soon.SO far I give this hotel a 3.  Location is fine..well, except for the urine smell outside one of the entrances....the rooms are fine, the staff has been excellent; my complaint is with housekeeping.   They are sloppy.  Everyday so far they forget to take all the dirty towels, even tho I pile them on the floor for them, they leave behind rubbish such as those paper tops on cups, and leave barely left shampoos in the showers...and don't vacuum well...cuz I still see hair around after they have left.  They seem nice enough and I tip them and am always neat, so i'm really disappointed in the service so far.  I'm still here and have a week to go.  ALSO..the beds are tooooo soft...they supposedly have adjustable knobs for firmness, but my back has been aching since I've been here! :(A very basic hotel that was not up to expectations--I paid $213 per night for 4 nights under a conference/convention block of rooms.
Pros:
Location (the convention center is right across the street, on the same block as Reading Terminal Market, and most attractions are within 10 blocks walking distance)
Friendly staff
Decent sized rooms
Fairly clean and modern (if ascetic) bathrooms
Room had a microwave, K cup machine and empty minifridge
Cons:
My room overlooked the Greyhound bus depot (south facing). I heard honking and beeping and announcements all through each of the 4 nights I stayed here
The walls are very thin. I heard my neighbor's snoring through 2 nights.
Room service (i.e. cleaning) was variable--one day my room wasn't cleaned yet when I returned at 2pm. Another morning I awoke at 6am to realize that a) they didn't replace the coffee, and b) they didn't replace the shampoo. This did not make me happy since I had a 7am business meeting.
Location is also a con, as this hotel is on the border with Chinatown and feels a little unsavory at night if you walk out the west exit.
Internet was slow and often unreliable, although complimentary with my booking--this persisted even when I plugged the LAN line into my laptop.Okay hotel. Good place to host a training seminar. No Private lot available but they do have garage parking adjacent to the hotel. If your going to stay here though you really don't need a car. You can pretty much take a cab anywhere or hop on the SEPTA system and there are plenty of things to do within walking distance. Old town is nearby, plenty of places to grub as well, including Chinatown. Fairly nice rooms and 3 computers available. Nice work out room and swimming area.
Avoid the restaurant on the 10th floor, unless you need a night cap. Breakfast is ridiculously expensive $16 per person, and food is only so so and not worth the price. 
My experience was pretty good minus the fact that the fire alarm went off 4 times in one night. Not there fault, and in no way does it effect there score but I wish they would have compensated us for it happening.Can't say I have a good first impression. Maybe the rooms are nice but it's one hour past check in time on a Sunday night, and there are literally dozens of guests in the lobby waiting to have their name called so they can get their keys to go to the rooms. Not the end of the world, but seriously?
After finally getting to the room, it was fine and what I had signed up for. Staff was accommodating and pleasant - including maintenance who was waiting for the elevator, saw us coming down the hall with our luggage, let us go in and they waited for the next one. I'd consider staying there again but NOT on a busy weekend.Checked out the Garden Grille on the 10th floor- took a few times to get the order right but then Chef Chris came out and apologized and insisted on re- grilling me a perfectly cooked steak. Thanks again!The hotel itself was pretty nice, employees were friendly, location was great and the room was nice the beds were comfy. My issue was with the restaurant, they were short staffed and had to ask for coffee and juice 3 times, so I was probably cranky because I didn't have my coffee. Over all a good experienceWe were very pleased with our weekend stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. A very convenient location, in/out privileges at the adjacent garage, and free Wi-Fi in the room (thank you!!!) all contributed to a very pleasant stay. We were able to upgrade to a Junior Suite and found it spacious and very comfortable. The hotel is next to Reading Terminal Market which is perfect when looking for a meal, local flavor, and people watching. It's also convenient to Chinatown, SEPTA Market East and the Convention Center.  
All the staff were extremely helpful, friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. I have to acknowledge Paula Overstreet - who gave us vouchers for breakfast and let us know we could get tickets to the Please Touch museum at the front desk. Any staff I ran into in the hall asked how our stay was and if they could help with anything. They were incredibly welcoming! I would definitely recommend this hotel to people visiting Philadelphia.The room was great. It didn't look old or in need of renovations. It had a living room area with a micro, fridge, couch, desk, coffee table and flat screen TV. The sleeping area was separated by two pony walls and there was another flat screen TV in that area. 
The location was nice. There is a Wawa right across the street which makes it very convenient to get some necessities. The SEPTA station is not even a block away and Reading Terminal Market is just outside one of the doors. It's within walking distance to many of the attractions in Old City, however after a long day you may want to take a taxi back. It can be a much longer walk if you're feet are aching. 
The biggest drawback of this place was the service. No one could ever recommend a good place to eat or have a drink. Really annoying when they work in this area and should be prepared for questions like this. Staff just seemed like they didn't want to be bothered.I know after I booked this hotel I went to some other review sites and some of the reviews were kinda bad! I stayed at the hotel 4 nights including week nights and weekends. I thought the rooms and the beds were really nice! My a/c unit worked fine. A lot of reviews said the walls were paper thin. I could hear people slam doors or childrens run down the hall...which you would hear at ANY hotel so I'm not sure why people are complaining about this. Also the climate control had a fan option which seemed to drown out a lof of the noise! I'm a relatively light sleeper and I was fine.
Paying $27 for parking is kinda a lot, but I asked around and it seems most hotels in the area also had you pay for parking. It was convenient to just leave the car and walk to almost everything the whole time! The hotel it right next to Reading Terminal which was great for rolling out of bed and getting breakfast. The convention center is across the street. China town restaurants, Love Park, the Liberty Bell all within reasonable walking distance. South St was also walkable too. I didnt check out the pool, restaurant, or gym. Checking in was simple and every employee we interacted with was nice. The mini fridge and microwave were good too. I'd def stay here again on my next visit to philly! My only complaint is theres no free breakfast! 
It seems like the experience you have there really depends on if you have loud neighbors in the hallway or not. But in general it's a clean hotel, in a really good location. I would give it 5 stars if parking was cheaper or if it had breakfast.attempted to cancel a reservation made though travelocity within an hour but would not even allow to use the reservation another time in the middle of a snowstorm that is considered by the state to be STATE OF EMERGENCY. We attempted to resolve this through travelocity but the still would not budge saying it was beyond the 'cancellation time' which is 24 hours in advance of the reservation. If you reserve a room with less than a day notice you are saying please take my money if you can't for some reason use the reservation for extreme weather?i would have enjoyed this hotel if it wasn't for the really nosy fan that didn't allow me to sleep at night. It was so annoying that It prevented me from sleeping. The room wasn't that bad and it was pretty clean. I liked how they had mouth wash and it was neutrogena brand. THe shower was pretty bad. It was really soft water running. Took extra ten minutes of showering.To start off with parking is available but with a daily charge of $35 for parking.  That was a big surprise when the room rate was already $180 daily.  The carpets are a little worn and need to be replace as shown in the public picture.  Yet the place is located in the best spot.. One street over from the market.  And centrally located from the best spot in Philadelphia downtown area.  The staff is nice and helpful.  There is always cookies and drinks in the lobby after four.  The hot tub stays hot and the pool is a bit small.  The gym is adequate but needs more equipment.  All in all it was OK and I would stay again if I could not find a better place.  The bar is great ND Fred is the best bartender there is.  I would come back to the bar even if I didnt stay again.We've stayed here a couple times and it's gone downhill in the 2 intervening years. There's apparently a new head chef and the quality of the breakfast (specifically sausages and the chipped beef gravy) had fallen. We overheard a woman complaining about the steaks at dinner also. The AC units in the rooms need servicing too; 2 rooms we had reeked badly of mildew or worse but fortunately the third was OK. (milder but not absent)
The location is great though and staff are generally helpful. Room amenities are otherwise good. Also on the plus side, their business center contains 3 internet stations with MS-Office, is free for guests to access, and printing is free!This is a review of the parking garage, not the hotel.
You can park for $4 at this garage and another one on Filbert and 12th if you are a Reading Terminal Market customer. USE THE OTHER GARAGE. The other garage takes your payment before you head to your car, this one doesn't take it until you exit the garage. I was short on time (which I understand the situation I was in was partly my fault) and when I pulled up to pay at the exact time on my ticket, no one was there to take my money. Several minutes later, a woman came, but by then I was a few minutes over the 2 hour limit, increasing my rate from $4 to $27. I would not have had this same problem had I parked in the other garage. I never plan to park in this one again, as the other one is much more convenient and less of a hassle.We had a great stay here over the past weekend. It was convenient to everything we wanted to do. It was across the street from the convention center and within a half a mile from the historic area. Our room was large and clean and modern. We slept well because it was quiet. The staff was very friendly and allowed us to check in early and check out late! There is an indoor pool, but we did not have suits with us. WIFI is free, breakfast is not. Parking is $36 daily in the attached garage, but we parked at another garage for much cheaper.I originally came to this hotel for work, and it had already been reserved for me.  I've been here for two weeks, three weeks after this Thursday, so I will list out the pros and cons-
Pros:
Super friendly front desk staff
Super friendly bartenders, they accept old drink coupons if you forget to use them
Spacious and clean rooms
Right downtown, easy to get to most anywhere
Cons:
Takes forever to get something sent to your room (toothpaste took 45 mins to make it's way from the front desk)
Your room can be quite a walk from the elevators if you happen to be in a back corner 
The "fitness center" is very very lacking, two treadmills, an elliptical, a bike, and one weight bench
The food in the restaurant, including breakfast (not included in room rate) is nothing to write home about.
Overall the best way I can put my feelings about the HG inn is- I'm not super sad if I find that I have to stay here, but I would certainly try to book at the Lowes first.I was in town for the Roots Picnic and stayed here. We took a Mega Bus and arrived way earlier than the 4:00p check in time and the entire hotel was sold out the previous night. There were other people trying to check in as well but we got bumped up to the top of the list cause my friend is a Diamond Member. We were able to check in at noon.
The rooms weren't fancy, but OMG those beds!!! They are sooo comfortable. I want to trade in my bed at home for one of these. Our stay also included free breakfast. It was a nice buffet or you can have them make something. I'm not sure of the exact rate cause my friend paid, but she said it was reasonable. Side note it's about 1.5 miles from Penns Landing. Nice location, decent rooms, and awesome beds.Absolutely horrible place. Extremely bad service, very rude staff. Smelly rooms, not worth a penny.This is, by far, the worst hotel in the Hilton system. Horrible mattresses, poor cleaning, no computer safe, and il-fitting sheets that come off in the middle of the night are just a few of the reasons I will never stay here again. As a regular traveler and Hilton Honors member, I don't know how this place keeps the Hilton franchise. 
Very disappointed. One star is too many.Stood here with my wife and two kids at the end of last month and I found nothing to complain about while staying here. Staff was friendly at all times. Had coffee, tea and hot chocolate in the mornings in the lobby. Rooms were very clean so kudos to the room service crew. Beds, pull out sofa and bathroom were all very clean. Kids enjoyed the pool. Only a small walk to a lot of restaurants outside the hotel and a very close drive to other attractions like the zoo. Loved my stay here and I definitely recommend it.Stayed one night through Hotwire.  The rate was great.  I can't say enough about the staff, who were a pleasure to deal with.  Michael in the Grill was very friendly and helpful.  I had a problem with several small children shouting, running up and down the hall.  I let it go until after 10pm when they were keeping me awake after a long day.  I called the front desk and they took care of the problem promptly.  This is a great area.  I am an older woman and I am not concerned walking in the area in the dark.  Now I wouldn't do it late at night but earlier in the evening, it is just fine.  It is a great location for sightseeing, access to Chinatown, Reading Terminal Market, and the historical locations. You can walk everywhere, so no cab or public transportation required for the local attractions. The room was clean and nicely furnished.  I found the bed to be very comfortable with nice bed linens.Good location. Right by Convention Center in Chinatown. The decor is a little tired. The breakfast was quite good, but we got it included. Not sure if I would have paid for it. Staff very pleasant. My one complaint was noise. We could hear every conversation from the people next door.