Bigger than the Rittenhouse location & there's actually street parking! Server was super friendly and happy to tell me her favorites. Got a taste of the Groothie and I'm glad I did because it was too sweet for me. The Udon Noodle Salad was great.We were visiting Philly for the weekend a some friends recommended HipCityVeg. We picked up dinner for the kids and everything was delicious. And the staff was wonderful! Highly recommended and hope to be back soon.This is a great vegan place to come and dine. When I walked in I thought the place was especially clean and welcoming. Everything I've tried from this place I thought was delightful. I have had the chicken burger, ziggy burger, their smoothie and the sweet potato fries. If all vegetarian food tasted this good, I would seriously consider becoming one.I would have given 5 stars in the past (and probably would give 5 stars to the chestnut location), but recently I feel there's been a decline in quality.  I went in recently and their signature crispy ranch was soggy with no crunch.  Their fries were great, well seasoned.  Yet I felt the entire meal wasn't worth the 14.50.  
I did have to walk 3 blocks, which may have caused some of the issue with the sandwich.  The fries and good customer service save this from being 3 stars in my mind, but the price prevents it from a 5 star.  Avoid peak hours.Ok so I lied. There is no falafel here. Went back and got the ziggy burger (eh), crispy chick'n sandwhich (amazing!), quinoa chili (yum), udon salad (eh), and sweet potato fries (pretty good). It's nice to have the option of a vegetarian fast food place because who knows what some of those places put in the mean.Ok so this was my first vegan meal and it did not disappoint. I ordered the chipotle "chicken" wrap with cabbage and sweet potato fries with siraracha aioli which was delicious! 
The location itself is a quaint spot located in university city and the staff was very pleasant.
They had delicious looking desserts which I did not partake in but I look forward to to trying some my next time back."Just because it's vegan, doesn't mean it's healthy" reported a friend of a friend, and I think he's totally right--in a good way.
On one of the first chilly days of Fall, I was not in the mood to gnaw on a fibrous salad for lunch. I wanted something warm and indulgent--and just vegan and eco-friendly enough for me to bask in a little first-world smug.  So, I got the crispy chick'n sandwich and sweet potato fries; both of these items really just hit the spot.  If you're looking for a healthier meal there are other items to choose from, and honestly, other places to go in the city. However, if you're looking to fill a Chik-fil-a sandwich sized hole in your soul--this may be for you.
Some notes: Sandwich is very good--bun may be a little much and they may be a tad generous with their ranch dressing, but these things are easily amended.
Fries--great--and this was after having to walk it back to my office a half mile away (yes, in the cold). What makes it better are the sauces: siracha aoli (YUM!) and black bean cilantro (yum).
Overall service was really personable and decor was lovely. Yes, it is a little pricey, but most vegan options tend to be..and yes, it relies heavily on faux meats, but keep in mind that sandwich sized hole in your soul.This was the best vegan food I've ever had! I ordered a $10 Crispy HipCity Ranch Chicken Sandwich, and it tasted like a classic chicken sandwich, but perhaps even better? The flavors were so good, and I quickly devoured the juicy sandwich. This location also had really friendly service.
I've tried their $4 Banana Whip at a HipCityVeg food truck; it was pretty good and is essentially healthy banana ice cream!
I'm very tempted to go back again tomorrow, and I'd go vegan for a day a week if it meant I could eat here! :)I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli - definitely the highlight of my visit.  Hip City Veg offers this sophisticated dish, which you might expect to see only at much fancier restaurants, in a casual, fast-food setting.  Based on prior Yelp reviews, I tried the udon noodle salad, which was pretty good, but was a little unbalanced and could be improved.  Although it had a promising start with a pleasant mix of "chick'n", arugula, and alfalfa sprouts, the bottom half of the salad had too much seasoning.  An easy fix might be to ease up on the dressing, or leave it as a side component.  
The dining atmosphere is pleasant - sort of like an eco-friendly, fast food joint that seeks to bring vegan dishes to the masses. I like the concept, but if you're a diehard carnivore, I'm not sure this place will convince you otherwise.  That said, the location is great if you are on the Penn campus looking for a lunch option or staying at the Homewood Suites on 41st and Walnut, and want to try something new. This location does a brisk take-out business, but it's also a casual place to dine alone or with a friend.  However, the space is not ideal for large groups except for the giant table in the middle of the room.  I look forward to seeing Hip City Veg in the Washington DC area.  It should do well there.Obsessed.  This is my go to delivery lunch place in the city.  Super healthy, super good! If you aren't vegan/Vegetarian- this is still an awesome quick place to eat!Great addition to Penn campus!  I love the Groothie!One of the best sandwiches I've had anywhere!  I had the Disco Chick'n, and it was amazing - great flavor and texture in the whole sandwich. The sweet potato fries with the Sriracha aioli dipping sauce were perfect too. As an omnivore concerned about the environmental costs associated with food production, I'm always trying to be more conscious about how often I eat meat, and HipCityVeg is a great choice for lunch for anyone, not just vegans.One of a handful of trendy vegetarian places that uses wood everywhere to feel earthy. You great a pretty large amount for the price. I recommend the bistro bella, the tapenade they make for it goes great with the mushroom. DO NOT recommend the udon salad. It's like sad 3 day old Chinese food with lettuce on the bottom. 
The place is fairly popular so the lines can be long and there's not that much seating, so it's not great for a group. And it's so loud you can't work or really have an decent talk with anyone. Honestly I prefer take out. You can also order ahead for pick up.I can't get enough of the Ziggy Burger, especially now that there is a University City location which means I can pick up an order after work and not have to worry about parking my car in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. If they add delivery - I'll be over the moon as it will mean a better take-out option when at work than Greek Lady. 
I heartily recommend the Ziggy Burger as the tempeh bacon and special sauce just really take the humble veggie burger to a whole new level of delicious. It will also keep you satisfied for hours. Splurge on some sweet potato fries as well for their slaty, tender goodness. I like the black bean cilantro dipping sauce which is a flavorful alternative to ketchup. 
If you're in the mood for something lighter, you can't go wrong with a green smoothie (groothie) or a banana whip. 
The service is ridiculously friendly and the orders are up quickly. I am always promptly greeted and the staff often provide great recommendations regarding menu items if you can't decide. If you're in a hurry, call ahead and your order is sure to be ready when you arrive. 
Compared to the Rittenhouse location this space is huge with seating for everyone! They still compost and recycle so after you satisfy your hunger you can satisfy your conscience as well.
I enjoy this place so much that I feel they should have a frequent buyer punch card for their burgers.Mostly overpriced stuff. They do have good Banana Whips, but again overpriced.
As a vegetarian I had hoped for a good meal option, but this is hard on my wallet and could definitely be cheaper for the amount.The food left a disgusting taste in my mouth. Everything is fake meat dishes. Not sure why vegan places can't have any creativity? But it's all tofu and smoky flavor a added to the foods. Leaves a nasty taste.Ate here for the first time I ordered the veggie cheese Burger with sweet potato French fries it was OK, I personally prefer govindas , the fries was better than the Burger and I did enjoy my Ginger drinkVery taste food and nice environment. The Philly cheesesteak and noodle salad are stellarCan't go wrong with the jerk chicken Caesar salad, best Caesar dressing eva. Fake chicken is good, plantain chips are good... I love this place. Fast vegetarian/vegan food- my prayers have been answered (I'm a meat eater trying to go veg).Had the Bello Bistro (a big mushroom sandwich). Loved the mashed roasted arugula, great touch for a veggie sandwich. 
The price is very reasonable. The "healthy" drinks better be as healthy as they are disgusting, because they are THAT disgusting. 
Service is fast and friendly. Ingredients tasted pretty fresh.
My girlfriend did like the healthy drinks though, because she's weird and actually likes the taste of kale. "The lemon and agave makes the kale taste not too overwhelming."Hip City Veg is simply the best fast casual vegan restaurant in Philadelphia, most impressive is that their food is certain to appeal to everyone! Their owner has gone out of her way to cultivate healthy, delicious vegan recipes with mass appeal, whatever you order, you will not be disappointed. I like the grilled "chicken" sandwich with sweet potato fries and a groothie (green smoothie), do you and your health a favor and pop-up for lunch!I am close to a five star on this one, but I've only had three meals there. The udon salad was a five star! It was great. The curry tofu wrap was a 4 star, and the curry tofu wrap as a salad over spinach was also a 3- surprise, right? Well the staff is amazing, and it's perfect for a quick lunch in the neighborhood.
 I've been to the downtown location, which is great, also, but this spot has much more seating. One downside was that there is no weather guarding for the door, and cold air was blasting in each time someone came in- we weren't sitting close to the door, so it must have been bad. Curtains would help. or make sure to keep your scarf on if you go in winter.Every time I'm in Philly I make it my business to stop by HipCityVeg! Amazing food for vegans is hard to come by but I'm so happy they're here!Finally got a chance to sample the food here at HCV while the kiddies were home for the holiday. I ordered the Corn Chowder. It was good and filling I would have spiced it up a bit  with some pepper and (gasp!) salt. With enough left over for today's lunch I thinned it out a bit added more seasoning and made a great soup.Loved the décor simple, functional easy to keep clean. Succulents on the wall a plus. I will come back to this place again before school is back in session..HipCity is a gem in University City. I have taken many self-titled carnivores there and they have been astounded by the Crispy Hip City Ranch. Apparently, it's that good. 
I like everything here, but my favorite has to be the Curry Tofu Wrap (can be made as a salad) or the Cheesesteak. But like I said, everything is amazing. 
Their delivery is also on point.This place is pretty great. I was just in town for a conference and needed some quick dinner, and I had a hankering for a philly cheese steak because - duh - I was in Philly for the first time in my life! But alas, I don't actually eat steak. HipCityVeg hit the spot! Their philly steak sandwich was super delicious, as were their sweet potato fries. The staff was friendly, the place was cute, the prices were reasonable... I wish all the places I travel had vegan spots like this!Amaaaazzzzing sweet potato fries!! Cute little spot. Average service. But the combination of their very yummy vegan food and the really fresh atmosphere is why I give hipcity veg 4 out of 5 stars.Hip City Veg is a heaven for vegans. There are so many delicious mouth watering options that I always have a hard time choosing. My current favorite is the Philly Steak and the Sweet Potato Fries with Sriracha Aioli. I have not had better sweet potato fries anywhere else. The drinks are so delicious as well. The chocolate milkshake is to die for, so rich and creamy! The servers are super friendly. I always leave with a smile on my face and it's not just from the food. Not only that, Hip city's attempts at being environmentally friendly need to be lauded as well. I wish we all lived in a world where every restaurant was like this: cruelty free, environmentally conscious yet serving delicious food.Hip City Veg is on the move.  From its original Rittenhouse Square location, it opened up in University City and now has plans for South Broad Street and Washington D.C.  This is a successful fast food vegan establishment, yet it is not my favorite,  In an increasingly crowded market of health fast-food dining options in Philadelphia, Hip City Veg does some things well and other things not so well.  I do like their Udon noodle salad but in my mind there is much too much arugula and too little of the other tasty ingredients be they peanuts, chicken substitute, daikon, scallions or even udon itself. for the price. It would more accurately be named an arugula salad.  There are absolutely no condiments out for people to use.  Aww c'mon guys!  I did ask and received a little Sriracha sauce to spice it up a bit.  The sweet potato fries are good but again the portion is small in relation to the price in my opinion. There is free water which is nice to have.  At the University City location the staff are friendly and it's kept clean.This location is an entirely differently run operation than the 18th st location. I was the only customer at 1130 and two people at registers did not make eye contact until I asked if they were going to take my order. Whereas at 18th they are driven to be efficient and friendly proactively taking orders with an iPad in the waiting line. When my drink was ready and the. My salad the two individuals who were supposed to bag it and let me know were preoccupied with stocking below the counter and I had to draw their attention to my salad ready for their attention. The manager was wearing a dirty apron. This location seems to have a lot of catering orders that seemed to preoccupy the staff to the extent that they could not pay attention to the customers who showed up one at a time.Hip city ranch with Buffalo sauce hits the spot. It's a bit expensive but not too much on par with other philly spots. Good food n great vibe.Yea, another vegan restaurant to add to our city.  Those of us animal lovers who like to eat a lot can't be happier!  My husband and I had a nice meal here filled with a veggie burger, sweet potato fries and a delicious cookies, all for a terrific price and right next to the Rotunda where we could see a show. Thanks HCV for coming to west Philly. 
Price is good, parking is limited but go to 41st street where you will almost always get a spot, service is great and the menu is terrific.When looking at the menu you find yourself asking if the WHOLE menu is in fact plant based. I wanted to order the whole menu. Cheese steak was awesome. I can't see any meat lover denying how good this food is.
I'll be back again when in Philly.I really want to like this place, but I always leave somewhat disappointed. The biggest issue for me is the menu seems to be designed for veg/vegan diners who want to eat more "standard" non-veg food (Burgers, bacon, etc). If that's what you're looking for, then you may really like HCV. However, this focus tends to favor an emphasis on flavored soy-based products over an array of fresh fruits and vegetables. I think cutting down on the soy heavy meat and chicken imitations and focusing more on fresh veg-centric dishes would go a long way for HCV.
Still, some of their food is pretty good. The quinoa chili is nice in the winter. Their desserts are great. The banana whips are a delicious healthy treat, and they have really good vegan cupcakes that they bring in from a local bakery. Also, their staff is typically very friendly.For some reason I was on a recent burrito/ anything like a burrito kick! I had been dying to try Hip City Veg since its opening in Rittenhouse but their UCIty location is much more convenient! I  was in a time crunch so I ran over over to grab their fajita wrap and it was delicious! It was a little bit spicier than I had expected but it was still very good! The new location is very clean and the staff are very friendly but the overall experience was great! I thought that $9 for the wrap was a bit much but I'm assuming that it all relates to the cost of ingredients and it definitely will not deter me from going back!My sister and I were visiting Philly and two different friends (one pescatarian and the other vegan) recommended us to go to HipCityVeg. Now you have to realize my sister and I eat everything, and we have yet to taste vegan substitutes that can completely imitate meat. That being said, knowing that the ziggy burger was not real meat, we could tell the difference, but out of all the vegan places we have tried, this place really gives you a run for your money. Also the sweet potato fries were delicious! The jerk chicken in our salad was just average, but the jicama was such a good move that I would consider getting it again. Given another chance to visit, I would like to try some of their beveragesI usually write long reviews, but this one is brief because it's really simple what I need to tell you.  
Hands down the best tasting Veggie Burger I have ever had, and the closest in flavor and texture to a beef hamburger!  Go there right now!
I won't knock off a star because the burger is so amazing, but the sweet potato fries, though good, are way overpriced per serving.  Steer clear to save $$.I don't actually know what "Chick'n" is, but it's pretty damn tasty jerked or blackened.
I'm not a vegan, or even vegetarian, but my veggie friends brought me here once, and I've since returned on my own. My first visit was the Jerk caesar salad. Yum. Second visit was Fajita wrap. I will be back.Food at hipcity is always pretty good. The nugs are good. Still wish they would offer a potatoe form for fries as well as sweet potatoes are not my thing. Great design inside, one of the bigger hipcityveg's I have been in.I'm echoing many reviewers here, when I say to you that I think that this location of HipCityVeg wins the day with its relaxing space and plenty o' seating. See, I always feel like a moose woman in a china shop anyway, or I'm carrying a huge bag that I'm trying not to hit into people with, or I just generally have some other ridiculous issue where a tiny shop can gimme a panic. So, the point is: ahhhh spread out a little. It's the same delicious vegan fast food stylins and salads from your original HipCityVeg; now with more leg room. 
Also, here's another thing, a sidenote to all this limited seating talk. I love the hell outta that udon salad, but I'm one of these people who seem to take forever to eat a damn salad. I have felt much anxiety, self-consciously imagining that those waiting to score my seat are hissing at me in their minds, "Jeeeeezus, just will this one just take it to go already." Neuroses. So you understand what I'm saying. You can at salads at your leisure, or enjoy sweet potato fries and crispy, crispy nuggets at their peak crispiness. Or both. Makes such a difference, I tell you: a lil extra space and maximum crispiness.
Speaking of making a difference- when they take the time to griddle a little char onto that seitan in the udon salad, I love that. It really gives the protein that grilly somethin somethin. I love it that this arrugula-y salad it's an actual greens-packed salad with noodles in it, rather than, you know, a bigg asss noodle bowl with some greens fluttered lightly in. Listen, I'm all for extra noodle, but, ya know, sometimes your trying to do a thing. Anyway, I enjoy this dish, I do, even if it could use a little less dressing at times. I'm not complaining bout that though, really. So tasty.
In closing, I'd like to repeat the announcement that the Crispy HipCity Ranch remains my favorite, favorite. It cures a chicken sandwich yen for me, maybe better than a real bird sandwich, even. I have real HipCityVeg hankerings and I find myself coming up with more reasons to head West to University City. Maybe I should go back and get that masters. Hurrrrhurrrr hurrrffff...Super clean, well designed, comfortable, attentive staff, high quality food. I had the curry tofu wrap, iced green tea, and a cookie. This meal was filling, satisfying, health-conscious, and not too expensive. HipCityVeg is the place to be.I never knew the Vegan life can taste oh so good! I experienced that moment yesterday when I decided to go to HipCityVeg for lunch! 
Once I arrived I noticed that the store had a good amount of people that was dining in as well as ordering out. The menu had a good amount of healthy vegan food options to choose from. I decided to get the Ziggy burger and the banana whip. 
The Ziggy burger was so delicious and the buger was huge! I didn't think I was gonna eat it all at once but it was so good that I couldn't help myself! The organic smoked tempeh was flavorful and it didn't even taste vegan, it also came with fresh veggies and a special sauce that was also delicious! It was love at first bite!
The banana whip was also tasty and it was simply fresh bananas that was placed in a blinder. It came out tasting like ice cream, a healthy ice cream! They also gave you the option to put brownies on top of the banana whip.
Overall I'm definitely a fan of HipCityVeg, I love that this restaurant promotes a healthy lifestyle by serving good quality food that's  all organic and plant based. HipCityVeg thanks for making our world a better place!This place certainly knows its' clientele.  The upscale minimalist amost-hipster vibe perfectly suits the Penn community.  Unfortunately, I think these attempts seem a little "franchised", and can only charge so much per meal because of the proximity to the Penn undergrad living highrises.
I recently gave this place a second chance and tried the udon noodle salad (apparently their most popular salad).  Meh.  Though I love their philosophy, commitment to composting, and the purely vegetarian menu, the portions are too small and expensive.  The salad was good but not thrilling or filling.  Though the portion sizes really require a side, side salads or fries cost $4-$4.50 (half the cost of most meals!).  Also, when you get water with your meal you have to pour it from a pre-filled pitcher without ice.  Hmmmmm....  Good try, HipCityVeg .... Just keep tryin'.I seriously love this place. My first time there was a week or so ago and I'm in love. The atmosphere there is really friendly and upbeat. Also, the employees there are super nice. They can answer and questions and if you're sitting down some even give you your food! Now on to the food. SO DELICIOUS!!! I got the buffalo bella and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My friend got the chick'n fajita wrap and I tried it and that was also sooooo good! I also had the Asian side salad, which is also really good. I personally would have liked a tad bit more dressing, but i didn't bother to ask because I still loved it. For dessert we got banana whips. Awesome and refreshing.This place is awesome! I'm always on the lookout for cool and hip vegetarian/vegan restaurants and this is a place where I would definitely recommend. I had the Crispy Hip City Ranch and it was delicious. There was an interesting tomato/mayo that worked really well and the vegan chicken tasted so much like chicken! It was seasoned really well and cooked perfectly. It looked small but after I ate it, I was full. My friend got the Arugula Taco Salad and she was also impressed. I can't wait to come back again! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu!I used to love this place for their chocolate milkshakes. But recently they've made it super milky and very thin which I don't appreciate at all. The food is good and flavourful but quantities are on the lower side for the price you pay.This place is definitely underrated. It's one of the only all vegan restaurants in University City. However, everyone can find something here. The chick'n club makes me shocked at their creativity in making a vegan chicken sandwich that tastes just like the real thing. Kudos to the sweet potato fries. My go-to is the curry tofu wrap as a salad. It's healthy and super tasty! 
I wish they had nutritional information somewhere but there is some analysis on Healthy Dining Finder.
Albeit pricey the range matches other comparable quality foods around campus such as Sweetgreen. The foods are ALWAYS fresh. The vibe is also awesome and one of the cleaner settings on campus with natural lighting, great seating and fast service. Great to study at during the off-peak hours.I am in love with this place.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian, and yet I never feel like I'm missing out on anything here.
The jerk ceasar salad is super!  As are the chik'n nuggets.
Highly recommend dipping the sweet potato fries into a blend of ketchup and the buffalo sauce.
Go! You won't be disappointed!Hip City Veg was a delicious choice for lunch with my co-workers! The veggie burger was super yummy, and quite filling. I had a couple of sweet potato fries, and those were awesome, too! HCV is a welcome addition the UCity dining scene. The wait was fairly reasonable at lunchtime, and the food was great!Very happy this place was open til 11 as we got to have a late dinner here upon arriving in Philly. I got the Crispy HipCity Ranch chik'n sandwich and was very impressed. The chik'n had a great crunch and tasted just as good as the real thing. 
Disappointed in the vanilla milkshake, but I think I would have enjoyed it more if I'd ordered a different flavor. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake and his tasted much better. The chocolate definitely helped disguise the chalky texture.Super yummie. Their fuzzy sandwich was legit good. A great casual place to chill, and it is cafeteria style dining.1. Vegan and non-vegan indulgence
2. Imitation meat that's convincingly meat
3. Oil as intestinal lubricant
Consumed:
The veg burger $7.50
Philly steak $8.50
Sweet potato fries $4
MEAT. Okay, not exactly, but if you gave it to me and told me it was meat, I'd believe you. XD
I really really really liked the Philly steak. It had a unique tangy taste that just makes your mouth salivate.
I didn't like the veg burger as much. It wasn't as flavorful and on the drier side. The sweet potatoes were normal. Downside was that everything was pretty oil. Just don't expect healthy food here at hip city veg,  great indulgence once in awhile though.  Nom. Nom. NOM. :)Nice new location in West Philly. Delicious vegan fast-food.  My favorites are the Hip City Ranch and the sweet potato fries with Sriracha Aoli.  Just goodness.  And seems to be a little less crowded with a lot more room to sit than the Center City location.  Keep 'em coming, hip city!Glad I gave this place another chance. My first visit, I tried the much beloved udon salad and a green lemonade, was underwhelmed by both. Salad was fine but a little boring. Green lemonade was barely green and too sweet. I don't think this is even on the menu anymore.
However, I went back and I'm glad I did. Let's start with drinks: groothies are my favorite green smoothie in the city. Nice and thick, not too sweet, not too vegetable-y. And the winter hot chocolate with coconut whipped cream: chocolate-y, rich, and could eat a bowl of the whipped cream myself. So good!
Food: my favorite is the "BLT" salad with horseradish dressing: smokey and spicy and somehow transforms arguably gross tempeh into something really tasty. My favorite sandwich is the buffalo bella, though I would ask for light coleslaw next time: got soggy. I also enjoyed the quinoa chili several times last  fall/winter. And sweet potato fries because ALWAYS SWEET POTATO FRIES. Perfectly seasoned and crispy. And if you drink it with a groothie the calories cancel out or something. Right?
Star off for price and some mediocre options but overall a solid place to go to if you're vegetarian or vegan.This is one of my favorite quick vegan spots!  So far everything I have tried here is great!  The shakes are amazing. The sandwiches are flavorful and can cause you to forget you're not eating real meat!!We came to HipCityVeg for dinner during my visit in Philly because my friend had been raving about it for months. Now I can definitely see why!
We got the Crispy HipCity Ranch (battered chick'n, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and peppercorn ranch), which was delicious. We also had sweet potato fries with some PHENOMENAL sriracha aioli. I could eat spoonfuls of it. I've also heard that their Disco Chick'n and Li'l Golden Nugs are amazing.HipCityVeg is a great place to grab a satisfying vegan fast-food meal.
The Crispy Hip City Ranch sandwich is very tasty. It's like a vegan crispy chicken sandwich except better. The ranch sauce is tangy, creamy & a perfect accompaniment. 5 stars
Udon Noodle salad is solid, but not especially exciting. 3.5 stars
Curry Tofu Wrap is rather bland but the textures are good. 3.5 starsConsistently good vegan food and good service. I Was slightly disappointed today though, the bananas that they used for the banana whip, were not ripe.I'm not a vegetarian. I was skeptical about ordering from here, but I thought I'd give it a try. I ate every.single.bite. It was delicious. I ordered delivery through caviar, and could not be more satisfied. I will absolutely be eating here again. I recommend anyone who's on the fence, to give it a try. The sweet potato fries are amazing and don't even need the sauce they come with.Healthy & tasty salads, a few sandwiches as well, are available here.  I got just a salad that had avocado, greens, crispy tortilla strips and a couple other things.  For someone who far more often orders deli sandwiches for lunch, this was a nice change of pace.
They make some really tasty looking sweet potato fries.  I was eyeballing other customers fries with a smidge of envy, next time.
Interior was bright and tables were comfortable.  For a busy place, the staff did a nice job of keeping the line moving and the space clean.  Price is slightly higher than I typically spend on lunch, but for good ingredients which are nutritious, that did not come as a surprise.Great choice to stop here after going to the movies. You order up front and you can get it to go or stay. They had a lot of good looking dishes but I decided to get the disco chick'n which was a solid plant based "chicken" sandwich.  I also saw that they had a wide selection of different made in house smoothies and drinks so I got the iced green tea, which was good.  It was a little pricey but was a good choice for a quick bite to eat.Almost always get the Udon noodle salad but the burritos and everything are pretty solid. The only complaint is that the final product is always very inconsistent. Sometimes the salad will be drowning with dressing and the next time there will be barely any dressing. But service is friendly and atmosphere is nice and hipster.I really tried to love HipCity, I really truthfully did; however, every single time I come by to give it another chance and purchase a "groothie", it's always lukewarm and doesn't sit right with me, or my coworkers. What's the deal, HipCity? 
I'll give it another try the next time I come by. Hopefully this won't be a disappointment.Came here for the first time on a Sunday at 11:15 am with two friends and there weren't that many people. The ambience is very cozy but modern. Got the Disco Chick'n w/ avocado and it was HUGE and absolutely delicious. Little to no wait time and the "chicken" was actually really good. The sauces for the fries are also super good. More people started trickling in around 12 so you know it's worth it when people come here on a Sunday morning. Will be returning!A lunch time staple in Ucity! What I love about this location is that there is plenty seating and the decor is very cool. It's casual but comfy with vertical gardens. Lovely. 
My number 1 fave is absolutely the Udon noodle salad. The combo is just awesome between the salty peanuts, arugula, noodles, cabbage and glazed chick'n with a hint of sweetness from the chinnese black bean dressing. Other faves include  the crispy hipcity ranch, the fajita wrap and of course the sweet potato fries. I'm a cilantro black bean dip gal with the fries and it's to die for though the sriracha aioli is also pretty delicious. 
In the summer, I'm all about the groothie as well. It's a perfect way to enjoy lots of fruits and veggies in one delicious smoothie. So refreshing on a hot day! 
Yes the pricing is a bit high but they strive to use all organic and locally sourced ingredients and all of their packaging is compostable so I get it and I'm ok with it. If you enjoy plant based foods, definitely check it out!Love this place! Had the Ziggy burger.. reminded me of In n Out burger from way back when I used to
Eat meat!  Super friendly staff, cool vibe. We parked at the parking garage just steps away at The Fresh Grocer so it was super easy ... ok so I may not be the best parallel Parker. Hubby had the crispy hip city ranch sandwich Buffalo style and sweet potato fries. So good... great food. Great vibe. Great service ..highly recommend for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters alike!Went to a concert in West Philly and it wasn't over until 10:15 PM, found this restaurant opened until 11.  I had been wanting to go since I've seen it on Yelp.
There is a reason that it is rated high...it's fantastic!  I had the Odon Salad, with the chick'n.  As a vegetarian, this is as good as it gets!  Also, had the Corn Chowder, hot, thick and yummy.
If traveling in W. Philly, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try.  Great wait staff, too!I'm no vegan but this place makes me feel like I can definitely turn. I've been to Hip City Veg at least a dozen times In the past 4 months I've been on the east coast. The chipotle and Sriracha sauce they have goes so good with everything. My fave is the chicken sandwich and the Ziggy burger. The chocolate shake is amazing and in my opinion way better than a dairy milkshake, better for your body and the environment. I would've given five stars but the last time I was there the cashier was a bit rude and used his bare hand to grab our brownie out of the display box. Also, they said they we're out of Sriracha sauce and then later mid meal brought us some. It was the first time we ever had service or an experience like this so I thought maybe they were just having a bad day. Other than that one time Hip City Veg is amazing and would make you question why you're not a vegan.Last week was my first trip to Hip City Veg and it was amazing! I've been wanting to try it for quite some time but never ventured over and now I can say this might become a regular stop for me. I had a cheesesteak, sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli and carrot ginger lemonade. My husband had the crispy hipcity ranch. Both were equally as delicious. I must say the cheesesteak was one of the best I've had. The portion of sweet potato fries was large enough to share but we each got our own (I devoured every single one with no regret). My husband really enjoyed his sandwich, it reminded me of the buffalo chik'n sandwich from Veggie Grill on the West Coast - and that's a good thing. I really wish we had room for dessert but maybe next time.There's something about this HipCityVeg that makes it a much nicer place to be at than the one downtown. This place actually has seating! Rather than four little tables and two window seats of the Center City HipCityVeg, this one is spacious and beautifully decorated with a zen-like atmosphere. Big kudos for the decor. The menu is the same and my dining partner and I decided to go with one of our faves from the Center City HipCityVeg, the Crispy Hip City Ranch. Alas, it wasn't as good. There's something about the crunch of the crispy coating of the same sandwich in the Center City HipCityVeg that is missing here. Perhaps a few more seconds in the deep fryer would've fixed that.
I LOVE the little two-person booths. If I was still in college, I would've totally loved going here with a cheap date. It's like upscale fast food without the shame of eating at a fast food place.I have visited the Rittenhouse Square location numerous times. The food is amazing! Very unique treat for a vegan. However the location in University City is a big letdown. I've gone twice and both times been given subpar food. Unfortunately I did pick up both times so I was unable to inform the staff while there. I attached a picture of the lettuce on my sandwich today. It was old and disgustingI'm already obsessed with the Rittenhouse location, and now they put one near my campus... I'm in heaven.
I like this one better than the one in Rittenhouse 'cause it's roomier, cozier, and I think the sweet potato fries are even better. 
Love you, HipCityVeg! Thanks for making vegan taste awesome. I don't even miss fast food.Typical "non-veg" foods like Philly Cheesesteaks made from completely plant-based, vegetarian food.
I eat non-veg, but this food was just delicious.
Made me think that it is possible to have completely vegetarian food, that is also really delicious.
We used a groupon, btw, so deliciousness of the food was so worth the the cost of our meal.I finally had the chance to check out this place after hearing a lot about it and I was very pleased. We came in here on a Saturday evening, and most of the tables were full, but I didn't get a packed feeling like you do at some places when it is full to capacity. Luckily there was a table that got up to leave by the time we ordered our food. The cashier was very helpful and made recommendations since we were newcomers, which was really nice. We both ended up ordering the chick'n sandwich, and I got mines with Avocado, which ended up being extra. In addition, we got sweet potato fries, lemonade, and a green drink. I was very satisfied with the service and food, and it was hard to believe that it was all plant based. Even the drinking cups said that they were made from plants. It is somewhat pricey, with our sandwiches and drinks it came to almost $40. But I guess the healthy food options are typically more expensive. I will definitely come back for another vegan meal- I have to try the Philly cheesesteak!I'm neither a vegan or vegetarian, but HipCityVeg proves that food, besides meat and dairy products, can taste extraordinarily amazing. I ordered the Udon Noodle Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, and an Iced Green Tea, which overall was really good, with just one minor issue. I got too full from the Udon Noodle Salad. This salad was a decent sized salad, containing arugula,  dressing, carrots, cabbage, peanuts, spicy glazed chick'n, and much more. The dressing (Chinese black bean) really helps blend in with the salad, which made it overall tasty. Actually one of the best salads I've ever eaten. The Sweet Potato Fries, which came with the sriracha ailoi dressing, was good; this dressing is definitely a must try. Finally, the Iced Green Tea complements the whole meal, bringing a great satisfaction and a full stomach in the end. 
Definitely coming back to HipCityVeg in the future. So much in the menu for me to try!HipCityVeg is really just okay. I suppose for vegetarians it could be a good option, but it is nothing to write home about, and as a non-vegetarian, I can get better value at other places.
I usually get the portabello burger, which is reasonably good. I wouldn't say it is out of this world, but it is filling, and tasty if you like mushrooms. The fries are also pretty good. Everything is a little bit overpriced though, so if you eat meat, I would walk down the road and go to Bobby's if you're looking for a better value.
I also tried the Udon Noodle Salad, which was extremely bland. I had to bring it home and put hot sauce all over it in order to consume it.Best vegan food I've had! You can't even tell it's vegan. Arugula taco salad and sweet potato fries with black bean sauce are my favorite options. And a chocolate soy milkshake for dessert. Great place for a quick and delicious meal. They even deliver!Went here to grab a quick lunch to go. Nice little spot with common seating in the middle with individual tables to the periphery. Very nice staff that helped me quickly. I wanted the Tofu Curry wrap, seemingly a popular item, but they were out of the white bean puree and the cucumber raita (aka half the wrap). I was a bit surprised but maintained my composure as I remembered this is likely a farm to table shortage situation. I ordered the special wrap (asian steak wrap) which was quite delicious and ample. I wish the sweet potato fries were not 5 dollars otherwise it would have been a nice and complete meal. The wrap alone was around 10 dollars. This place might be a little expensive for me during the lunch hours but I need to come back for the smoothies and fries.Just a note to parents: this place doesn't have a high chair and seems even a little hostile to those who bring in children. 
I guess I don't begrudge them that. But I think it's worthwhile for other parents to know before trying to take kids here.I've tried this place two separate times, and have never had a good experience. Maybe third times a charm..