This is an excellent option in Chinatown for reasonably priced Shabu Shabu (Hot Pot). They have just about every meat and vegetable choice you could hope for and a number of sea food options, as well. They have a fair number of tasty soups broths, too.
Service could be a bit better (a smile would be nice). That being said, I still highly recommend this restaurant.I love their food. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere was nice.  Everything looked clean, which is super important to me. Only down side is it is pretty pricey.Been here once. Good dinner experience. Nice food, clean environment., good location. Will be back.This was my first time having hot pot in a restaurant in the states. My family and I (6 people) went in there for hot pot because I was craving it and was too lazy to prepare it at home. First thing I noticed was the name, it's more of a Chinese style hot pot than it is shabu shabu, so it was kinda confusing. But I guess thats how most restaurants are in our country. 
We ordered 2 pots and they came with some lettuce, vermicelli, mushroom etc. The lettuce was kind of old and still had dirt on it, the other stuff was okay. Since it was our first time there and being seated by the entrance, we were wondering where the sauces were, no one had told us there was a sauce bar in the back and when we asked for sauce, the waitress' attitude made it seem like we should know they had a sauce bar. So I headed to the bar and it was open tubs of sauces, what a great selection i thought to myself, until i was little flies buzzing around it. When i got back to the table, the food was there, and again, little flies buzzing around our raw meat, in the middle of a cold winter night. So the flies couldn't have flew in from outside but were hatched inside the restaurant. Order portions were kind of small compared to the prices. The 6 of us ended up spending around $300 in total. 
I think if there weren't flies and the price was a little bit more reasonable, i would give them a 4 star.
Would i go back again? No. But if you're interested and flies on raw meat doesnt bother you, I'd say give it a try.I've had shabu shabu before, including at some of the excellent restaurants in Tokyo. I would say this place ranks up there with the best. 
The food is awesome (and cheap), service is excellent, and the atmosphere is great. The place is frequently busy so be prepared for a bit of a wait on a weekend night. It's BYOB for now but apparently they are working on a liquor license.Wonderful service! I took my boyfriend to philly for his birthday. After a long bus ride from the DC area (arrival delayed due to snow) we were s t a r v e d! I had never tried hot pot before, yet my boyfriend has had it many time before. He blindly chose this place just from walking by from seeing the $22.99 all you could do eat deal. Staff were very attentive to see if we needed more food, and consistently came by to replenished our soup bases (we went with Tom yum, hot and spicy, and pork base). I was complete noob to the experience but I am so glad I finally got to try it. We left extremely satisfied and I wish we had somewhere like this at home!This is a good place to have hotpot, this place full variety of food, vegetable, and meat.  You also can pick variety of soup base which is good for group of people with different taste budsThe price is great and portions are good. I love their beef, very tender. It is also byob for wine (but not beers). I thought they should mention it. They promptly filled up our broth which I appreciate. You can make your own sauces so that's a plus too. They have buffet option but I'd say you can get filled with regular menu for cheaper.Great food but quite spendy. The serving size is quite small. I love the pork belly. I ordered the tom yum soup but it wasn't spicy enough to be "tom yum". Don't forget to order the seafood ball combo and the veggie combo!Yay! I'm a fan of the lunch special that is!  We spent less than $20 for two on lunch on hotpot.  Yep, pretty much can't be beat.  We both ordered the Noodles with beef for $8.25.  I got the tom yum soup with udon and the husband opted for the hot & spicy with fish meat noodle.  From the looks of what came out I did not have high hopes of being full but there was enough meat and veggies, we left content.  The tom yum soup was very flavorful I could have finished the whole pot of soup.  I suppose what filled me up was the thickness of the udon.  The husband stated his hot & spicy was really not spicy.  The restaurant was clean, the staff was prompt, the sauce bar just had too much to look at.  I'm not sure if i would come back for the regular menu, everything just seems so pricey, I'm quite happy just coming here for lunch.It is fake little sheep！ Unbelievable！ I was tricked here. And this feels more expensive than the real one. Why people give 5 star？They never eat Chinese food before？
Yelp or this restaurant should avoid misleading people！Lunch special seemed good so there we went. 
Good: ingredients pretty good quality. Broth (pork bone) is SOLID. 
Bad: limited variety for starter plate: one veggie, single tofu, single mushroom, pile noodles, meat. 
Suggested fix: offer a large sized version with slightly more and broader variety - I can think of a lot of folks who would opt for that at lunch. 
I'll be back for dinner - this place has some promise but not exactly what I was looking for as a filling hot pot lunch spot...First shabu shabu place in philly, It's not the same shabu shabu as California but more like traditional chinese hot pot, Pretty good!Was really excited to see a hot pot place open but was totally disappointed after leaving it.  I hate to give places one star because it has to be totally horrible, like service, food, value, everything has to be horrible to get one star but I really couldn't find anything positive to take away from my dining experience here.  I understand it is a new place, so I'll give it some slack there but they brought out the wrong order to our table, the food took forever to come out when it's just raw, uncooked food and it shouldn't really take any time to put on a plate and bring out to the table, they messed up our bill and charged us extra for things we didn't even order, the portions were too small, and it was too expensive for what you get.  The broth wasn't anything special, the toppings/sauce station has nothing but regular sauces and nothing special either.  We spent over $50 for a table of 2, you can go to Jane G's in Center City and get all you can eat for $30 per person with way more food, way better food, way better environment, way better service.  So basically, I'd rather spend that extra $10 and get full and have better food and broth then leave hungry at Hippot.  Plus, they are trying to fool people that they are Little Sheep with their misleading logo.  I've eaten at Little Sheep and it is amazing, unfortunately, this is not...I came here with a group of people service was fast, food was good, big selection of food for hot pot. and sauce bar had everything you need. I would definitely  come back. Food taste fresh, cute interior, wasn't too loud in there.Da best~~~ very quick service! It's nice inside and the food is.... perfect..... they come and refill the pot when you didn't even call them. They're not stingy and they know how to satisfy their customers!!!本以为晚餐时间会排很长的队，不过去的时候还好，点菜上菜也很快...不过我们以为这是日式shabu shabu... 所以点单的时候纳闷儿了一小会...口味也不错，羊肉太新鲜了，气味好大，我只放了两片，就整得一锅都是羊肉味了，嘿嘿Good food. The hot and spicy soup is really hot. If you are unaccustomed to spicy food get the herbal soup for your hot pot . It's really good!!!!   Also they have boba tea!!!Excellent alternative for AYCE hot pot in Philly. Menu is varied with an assortment of meats and vegetables, some things here that are not at Nine Ting and vice versa. Broth is refilled regularly. Clean appearance. Tom yum flavor has a refreshing taste. A few items were missed in our orders on several occasions, but you can always reorder.Average at best...
As per most Hot Pot spots sauce bar is the win... We didn't get some of the things we ordered, and got some things we didn't... Staff didn't really check in and we needed to ask for additional place settings  few times (wasn't overly crowded.)
From top to bottom Hippot was not a memorable experience.The food was delicious! But the experience is what makes this a 5 star place. Very interactive, from a "make your own sauce" bar, to the cooking of your own veggies/meats, the entire meal is well worth the trip. Would definitely recommend. Cheap beers are a plus!It's my second time coming to this place and I truly love this place. First time I came here was with a friend and we got the half/half soup and chose the herbal pork soup and hot and spicy soup. The spicy soup is indeed super spicy. I had to mix both soups and even doing that didn't do justice for my mouth. Anyway. Aside from the spice, they offered a selection of meats and veggies. We got the chicken which was so thinly sliced that it literally cooked in less than a min. We also got potato noodles with fish tofu , needle mushrooms and some meat balls. They also offer a variety of sauces from their sauce bar. 
My second time was with my bf. We got the Tom yum soup with fish tofu, shrimps, needle mushroom, vermicelli noodles, chicken and salmon.
The place has a modern feel and upbeat music playing in the back ground. The service is wonderful. When your soup starts to evaporate the server will come around and add more soup. 
Each visit is always ends with a happy stomach. I would definitely keep coming hereFun! We had the choice that let you have 3 different types of broth. The only issue I had was that they give you so much of the additions that you can't try a bunch of different things. For example, they gave us enough spinach to made 3 large salads so it got boring after a while - we didn't finish the spinach and I felt bad to waste it. Also the service was not friendly but you could interpret that as part of the experience.The hotpot here is pretty good. I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I have always been full and happy after a meal here. I always get the thinly sliced beef and lamb, as those work very well with hotpot. I love the dipping sauce bar where you can concoct any sort of sauce that you like. I tend to go with a sesame based sauce with some soy sauce and spicy oil. They have several hot pot broth flavors and let you get multiple kinds. The spicy can be a bit much on its own, so i would recommend pairing it with a milder broth to give you something to mix it up and its a nice change of pace, especially if you dont want to overpower your seafood or milder flavors with szechuan peppercorns.The service at the place is ABSURD, I took my mom and her best friend out for mothers day here, I am recently 2 weeks out from bariatric surgery and ask if they could charge me a childs buffett per card I was given from my Dr. They said no and said the only option was for me to sit at a different table BY MYSELF. (Ridiculous) to eat from the other menu.We decided to still stay and order. They didnt bring some of the items we had ordered and when more of something was requested one of the waiters came with a piece of paper saying that there was a 2 hour seating maximum and 20 percent surcharge for wasted food. We had only been there for no more than 1 hour. We where NOT wasting food and who does that in the middle of someones meal!!? If true should have been adressed after a meal. I immedietly said something and one of the waiters apologized. I would not ever come here again or recommend this place to anyone! The food was basic and nothing to rave over especially with other hot pot spots in the area!My best friend and I had a pleasant first shabu shabu experience here! We braved the pouring rain and decided to try out this new place and it was definitely worth it. We ordered the half/half pot with the hot & spicy and tom yum broth. The hot & spicy was indeed spicy, so brace yourself. Both broths were very tasteful and flavorful! We ordered the beef, pork, vegetable combo and shanghai noodle plates. It was definitely A LOT of food for 2 girls, but it was so good that we finished everything! 
The service was really attentive and they were quick to refill your hotpots when it was getting low. Our waitress was really friendly and helpful in explaining the whole process for us since it was our first time. This place is kind of on the more expensive side as I've heard of cheaper places elsewhere. Hippot is definitely a good place to enjoy a great amount of food with a large group!super good hot pot。the variety of broth is great. Veggies are fresh with a huge portion. Highly recommend this place.I really love this place and it is becoming the best hotpot restaurant in Chinatown and even in the whole Philadelphia area.I don't know.. It was great to try Chines style shabu shabu, but because I'm so used to Korean and Japanese shabu shabu, I couldn't handle those ingredients floating on the stocks. In addition, there were so many herbs and very strong seeds really disturbed my taste. 
Unless my friends suggests this place for dinner and meetup, I won't suggest this place to any body..My first Shabu Shabu!  The All You Can Eat 
Buffet offered the best price and allowed us to try a great selection.  They give you a sheet of paper to fill out with your choices of broth, vegs, fish, chicken, seafood, meat, etc...which they bring to the table.  You pick your own sauces from a nice selection at the sauce bar.  Along with the menu, which has useful pictures , the server was very helpful with our selections!  He recommended the triple hot pot which allowed us to enjoy 3 different broths...if you don't want to share you can select a single broth.  Be warned, the spicy is spicy...my husband loved it! The staff was very attentive...constantly refilling our water & broth.  Yummy!  We definitely will be back!The food is decent. One of the waitress made me disappointed at all!!! She is working with attitude...why? The other waitress are pretty friendly....but she is really impatient....unfortunately I don't remmber her name and don't think it is appropriate to publish her name here....We were VERY intimidated after we received our food... we had never been to a Shabu Shabu restaurant (only ever tried it at home where we make our own rules), and when our food came out, it looked nothing like the other tables.  Every other table had a big pot of broth in the middle, and ours came out as one tiny bowl placed in front of me.
We tried to ask the waitress why ours was different, but she was a) impossible to get a hold of and b) confused by our confusion.  We eventually just ordered a second tiny bowl of broth and we ate separate meals.
It was delicious food... it was just intimidating when we didn't understand the menu or options.Great food for a winter night, and hands down best music playlist in the background!The best hotpot I've had in the U.S. The broth is so good. And the environment is great without smells. Nice service and waiters. Good collection of Chinese pop music. We spent $86 for a full meal for 3 ppl. Even though it was a bit expensive, totally worth the experience. We ordered a lot and had a great time. Will definitely go whenever I'm in Philly!Both the food and service was great! It is a very lively experience! There are lots of different sauce, soup, and meat options! Will def be coming back soon :)This place is great
If you don't think his is the best shabu shabu restaurant in Pennsylvania I will fight you
That's no lieOverall, it was a pleasant experience.
We came for all you can eat because we were very hungry from skiing all day. As soon as we sat down, they gave us complimentary seaweed salad and peanuts on the house- huge plus to tie us over while we were trying to figure out what to get.
We got Pork bone soup which was really great and tom yum soup that was interesting. Service was good as well- we didn't have to try hard to catch their attention and we are pretty high maintenance customers. One down side was that the selections weren't as many as some other hot pots I've been to and blue live crab wasn't available which we really wanted even though it was listed on the menu. Other than that, overall good good and service.I ordered bunch of foods and the fish here is just amazing. The portion here is huge compared to other hot pot restaurants I've been to. Highly recommend it!Lunch specials are awesome. I got pork bone soup which was quite nice. I ordered lamb and udon noodles for my lunch. The lamb is less fatty compared to beef and the udon noodles are alright. The place is modern and has a great vibe to it. I would recommend this place for large or small groups.First time here and I wasn't too impressed. Everything was just ok for me. I rather have hot pot at my moms house. It was pretty pricey. When I went the credit card machine was down and they did not tell me when I came in. Luckily, I had cash on me. 
What I did enjoy was the sauce bar. They had a lot to choose from. The server was very attentive and she always came to refill our hot pot.This place does not like it if you come by yourself. I noticed the people around me was given small plates with appetizers such as edamame and other items. I wanted something warm after being in the snow all day so I thought this will be perfect but I was on business travel by myself. The waitress wanted me to order more food than I can eat. I felt like the waiters were short with me and I felt like they wanted group business more than a single customer. The experience and customer service wasn't the best. I don't think I will be visiting again.This is my first time doing dine-out hot pot.  This is something I usually do at home with my family.  Hot pot with too many people can become very expensive due to the amount of extra items you order.  
I decided to give this place a try with my friend.  We did the single serve shabu (spicy broth) which was a good deal (12.95), it came with a plate of meat of your choice (pork, chicken, beef) and a bowl of vegetables (corn, cabbage, mushroom, some vermicelli).  We also ordered sides of tofu (very smooth), udon noodles, vermicelli.  
The spicy broth:  it was seriously spicy, almost lacked flavor because I couldn't taste anything but spice.  I can tolerate spice, but at least have some flavor other than HOT!!!!!!  There was some beads in the broth where if you unfortunately took a bite of it will immediately ruin your taste buds. My friend and I unfortunately took a bite of it and really was the worst taste ever experienced.   I'm not sure why they're in there, but certainly didn't give the broth anymore flavor than what it was lacking already.  
The sauce bar: there were a huge variety of sauces, but I would recommend the restaurant to get plates with multiple wells because it's an inconvenience to walk back and forth if you want more than 2 types of sauce.
Overall, hot pot is a unique type of dining.After most of Chinatown's dim sum places had lines out the door and weren't able to accommodate our large party, we ended up at Hippot and were immediately seated. Yay for large tables! 2 large pots of broth for 11 people was more than enough, and we shared a variety of balls (crab, squid, beef, and shrimp), chicken, vegetables, and tofu.
Hot pot here is comparable to most hot pot restaurants I've been to, so nothing really exciting there. The herbal pork broth we tried wasn't too flavorful, but this wasn't an issue with Hippot's excellent sauce bar. I only wish that they had some sort of tray to put your sauces on, rather than just plain bowls; you couldn't really try more than 1 or 2 in a trip.
One issue we had was cross contamination for a vegetarian in our party; she ordered an individual pot of tomato broth, and was assured that it was vegetarian. However, she had a lot of stomach issues later in the day, which makes me think that perhaps there was a meat-based broth in her pot. Just be careful. We also had a small issue with our check- we ordered the "ball combo," which lets you try 4 different balls, but they ended up charging us the full price for each type of ball. They were delicious and we ate them all anyways, so we didn't say anything.
Overall, decent hot pot spot in Philadelphia.As a group of 5 on a Friday night, we were seated quickly. The host handed us a menu and walked away without a word. Having done hotpot before, we filled out our order form quickly and then sat for over 20 minutes while we waited for any of the 5 or 6 waitstaff to take our orders. They congregated on either side of the restaurant and stared at the customers or talked amongst themselves, but didn't once come over to our table. Others who came after us were waited on and had their drinks AND meal before we even spoke to another server. We were just about to get up and leave, when one of us decided in a last ditch attempt to flag a server down as he was walking by. His reply  when we asked to place our order was to simply say "okay." 
After they took our order, the food came quickly and was fresh. The broths we ordered (bone broth and pork herbal broth) were a little bland, but improved with the sauces from the sauce bar.
The beverages were tasty and well-made. 
In summary, service was poor, food was average. There are far tastier and friendlier options for hot pot in and around Philly.Great restaurant with true and tasty Chinese hotpot! The price is okay. My friend and I love it! I will come again!Love the place, they're very accommodating for large groups of 10 and more. Delicious food and very affordable.$9 delicious lunch style hot pot?! Are you kidding me! I'd be here at least once a week if I worked/lived in Philly. So damn greatI love hotpot and I come very often with my boyfriend. I always go for the pork herbal broth and my boyfriend love the tum yum broth. Its a great place to eat with a group, especially during the cold season, its a great way to keep warm.This place is fabulous. I highly recommend it. 
You sit at a table that has almost unnoticeable burners set in it, a large one in the center and four small ones near each place setting. A large pot of broth is placed in the center and that is followed by trays of the freshest things, greens, tofu, mushrooms, etc. I ordered beef, and paper thin sliced raw beef was on the tray. You can cook things right on your table in front of you. There is a sauce bar with at least a dozen sauces like soy, sesame, hot chili oil, sriracha ... and also fresh cilantro, green onions, sprouts, etc.
The decor is very modern and sophisticated with dark polished surfaces in pewter grey and anthracite black. 
The service was friendly and attentive. The portions are generous, I had to pack up the food I couldn't finish and enjoy it the next day.
This is an adventure in eating. Forget  "Egg Foo Young" or "Shrimp In Lobster Sauce" or "General Tso's Chicken." This fresh authentic Chinese, not something laden with corn starch.I have been to my fair share of hot pot restaurants in various cities and I often do hot pot at home. Therefore, I feel that I am comfortable rating this specific restaurant. 
Pros:
-many soup choices, but the bone soup is fantastic
-many items to choose for your hot pot with a good amount on each plate
-food was fresh tasting
-sauce bar to mix your own sauces!
-attentive and friendly servers
-you'll very likely spend less money than at an all-you-can eat hot pot place
-relatively clean restaurant
Cons:
-looks as though an unlicensed contractor built some of the place (like many Chinese restaurants) so I'm not sure how long the "box" on one side of the restaurant will last. It's already drooping. I would ask to sit on the other side.
-bathroom smelled
Overall: great, fresh food, fantastic bone soup (what you really pay for at a hot pot place), and a comfortable (slightly hip) atmosphere with mid-range prices
Suggestion to start with: bone soup, beef, Fuzhou fish balls, chrysanthemum, frozen tofu, noodlesI am a virgin hot pot kind of gal..hot pot, pot shot, hot spot..it was a very foreign term to me but luckily the crew at the restaurant made an enthusiast  out of me and my husband!  
This review is for the newbies:
1.  They have booze, drink before you order so you can blame your 100 questions on the alcohol and the fact that the menu looks like a foreign language.
2.  Ask questions.  They are very eager to help and explain the menu and help you navigate through the not so exhausting hot pot menu options.
3.  When you do order, instead of ordering vegetables individually, there is an option to order like 4 popular veggies in 1 group..I would suggest doing that because it is way cheaper.  Also use the sauce station..it bumped up the taste of my hot pot from pretty good to bazinga!!!
4.  I would definitely take a first date there ..it's different and gives you something to talk about other than the Pope!Nice hot pop at Chinatown. Love the beef and lamb. Shrimp was fresh. We definitely will come back.I am no hot pot expert, as I've only been to a couple different places so far. However, I will say that Hippot was my least favorite of the two and here's why...
Let's start with the good - The decor is pretty cool. It's much more hip than a lot of the little places in China Town which really makes you feel like you're on "a night out" rather than my typical "I don't feel like cooking or getting dressed up, let's walk to China town". The broth here was much more flavorful than the other location I've been to. It's basically a soup already. I thought it added a lot to the flavor of the meats and veggies cooked in it. Sadly, when they add more liquid to your broth, they're only adding hot water, so even though you're enhancing the flavor with what you're cooking in it, it'll get watered down once they refill it.
I thought the selection of veggies that came with each broth pot here was lacking in both variety/volume and freshness. At Simply Shabu, I couldn't wait to throw all the beautiful different veggies in and scarf them down. Here, I was less than inspired.
The meats were pretty standard. We got a seafood platter, though, and no one who worked there could tell us what one or two of the items were on it. Luckily I came with a pretty adventurous group.
It's not BYO, but beers were fairly cheap around $3 per bottle.Super duper awesome food here!!!! Just taste the same like the hotspot in China!!! A lot of people waiting here for the food, definitely worth it!!! 
The price is cheap enough and you can have as many food as you want!!!
Worth a try!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great place for all you can eat hotpot for only $ 22.90. The service is good since the staff are very attentive and ready to help. I would recommend this place to anyone.Just in town for one night, on my own.  Hippot was great!  Price is reasonable, given the quality of beef they serve.  The restaurant wasn't too crowded and service was good.  They don't rush while you're eating, and they freely offer you more ingredients.  The peanuts and seaweed salad appetizer is a nice touch.
I enjoyed the all you can eat buffet with my own small hot pot.  They have a decent selection of veggies, mushrooms, lotus roots, bean curd sticks, and a large variety of "meat/fish balls".  It was helpful to have pictures on their main menu when selecting the items I wanted to try.
They have a sauce bar with a lot of ingredients to customize your own dipping sauce.  I liked the hoisin, sesame, and peanut combination.  You can spice it up if you like, but I like to taste the variety of food flavors with just a little sauce to change things up.Everything fresh and good definitely a five star place. Great environment , hot pot was so delicious and the pancake too!All you can eat was great.  Tom Yum soup base was delicious.  Servers were helpful for the first timers at Shabu Shabu!  We will be back.I tried out Hippot Shabu Shabu recently and I must say, I was better off going somewhere else of making my own. I did like the wide selection that they had but I was not a fan of how they prepped it. I found a lot of the vegetables to still be not cleaned thoroughly. I was feeling a little under the weather after the meal settled in.My experience here actually took place last summer, but I just remembered it. My girlfriend and I were spending a day in Chinatown and we wanted to get something to eat. We'd never tried anything like this; there are no restaurants of this type in Reading. We didn't realize this was a place where all of the options are cooked yourself at the table. But that was interesting. We chose something wayyy too spicy but the manager was awesome and let us each choose something else. Fast service, nice ambience, cool experience.Very good broth and fresh ingredients 
Would have liked a description of what was included in the Sabu pot.
Wait staff was friendly- this is authentic cuisine and a good price point.Pretty decent buffet restaurant, you can get unlimited amount food, as long as u fish them .I was a little worried coming here because of some of the reviews, but this was actually pretty solid experience. I couldn't care less whether they have a similar logo as a chain in NYC, but some of the reviews mentioned a greasy broth and I didn't know what that might mean. 
The soup base here is awesome! It's rich and flavorful and full of seasonings the way hot pot (Shabu) should be. 
As a bonus, the decor is modern and hip, and they're all decked out for Halloween.
We spent $1 more than we did at Simply Shabu for two people, for about the same amount of food. I liked both places but definitely would come back here and bring friends.Missing hot pot for a long time! Finally!!! Order three different pots at one time! Great! If pass philiy next time, i will come again*~*hahahahahahgood broth and meat and affordable. I'd come here again with my date. Best place to listen to korean music and pop a bottle of wine.great place. Recently just added dry hotpot. Hotpot could be very spicy so be careful. Buffet price is very understanding and for 2 hours max. Def will come here againThis place provides a variety of amazing food and their workers are very nice and everything comes out perfectlyGreat food!!! Good quality!!! And great price!!! There is a lot of space so by g parties are welcome! There is a huge selection of sauces and a large menu of veggies and meatsWe had hot pot for Chinese New Year! We loved it! And a lion came in to dance in the restaurant. That was a big surprise for us! Food was amazing!So supposedly, the Chinese letters and their logo is recognized as "Little Sheep" which is a popular hot pot chain up in New Jersey, New York and etc. But why is it also called Hippot Shabu Shabu? If it were the actual place, you could of saved yourself some trouble and named it Little Sheep. Obviously, this is NOT the real thing so don't let them fool you into thinking they are legit! This restaurant isn't even owned by the actual Little Sheep company so you're better off traveling the distance and trying the real thing. Went here on a Friday night, and the service was really slow. When we first sat down, no one even greeted us or gave us our menus or water until we had to waved down a waitress. They even forgot some of our items and drinks which took forever to come out. The broths were not appealing at all due to the amount of ingredients they put inside for flavor, pretty annoying having to take everything out that came along with it. It was just way too much than what was needed. Also, a little bit on the bland side, the spicy broth was not spicy at all. Had a really bad stomachache after eating here, won't be coming back again! Doesn't even deserve a star but that's the lowest I can give.. :(For my first time doing hot pot this place is fun and the staff was helpful considering that I didn't know what I was doing. I was told to check out the sauce bar, but didn't get the chance to, but defiantly will next time.Not worth your time or money unless you are Chinese, as in born and raised there.  
We came for hot pot or shabu shabu, which is a big hot bowl of boiling broth into which you drop various veggies and noodles, and then you dip in raw, thinly sliced meat, cook it briefly, dip it in sauce, and down the hatch.  After the meat is all gone you drink the broth with the noodles.  
Simple, a fun group meal, and pretty hard to screw up if you get 3 things right
1 flavorful broth 
2 quality and varied meats
3 fresh veg.  
I first had shabu shabu in Japan probably 20 years ago, and as you might expect, the ingredients were top quality, presentation was flawless, and the meal was excellent.  I have sought good shabu or hot pot since then, and have found good places in Boston and New York.  Shabu and hot pot are almost interchangeable, with the Chinese/Mongolian version of "hot pot" offering more items to toss into the broth, and that is what I assume this place serves, since it is in Chinatown and the staff and most of the diners were Chinese.  
And if you are Chinese this place is probably fine, and I say that with no disrespect, but I have been in china recently and the food quality is quite poor.  So if that's what you are used to, this place is probably ok. 
However, if you have had the Japanese version or if you ever go for higher end beef than Pat's steaks, the meat quality here will not impress. The "steak" option was simply the worst cut of beef I have ever seen. Imagine a slice of steak about 2x7 inches (thin as appropriate), with about only 1/4 inch of red along each edge and the rest of the width fat.  That ain't steak. It's not even beef bacon.  It's leftover scraps from some butcher shop that humans should never see.  You would not even suffer that indignity on a low end cheesesteak, yet we got 2 full platters of it.  
The sliced pork was better, but all in all, most of this meat was low grade.  Most hot pot places I have been to offer ribeye and other quality cuts. Plus short rib.  Not here.  
The pork broth, a critical part of a meal, was clear as water and flavorless.  The after party is drinking the broth with the noodles.  Which by then has enjoyed the subtle enhancement of lots of meat essence from the cooking, but not the case here.  I had a couple sips and put it aside.  When I make this at home I use beef stock and lots of mushrooms and cook it down until it's super umami flavorful.  
Veggies were scarce on the menu.  This might be a Chinese thing but Japanese shabu comes with bok choi and other greens to round out all the protein consumption, and cabbage was really the only "green" offered here, and it gives a sour taste to the broth.  
Conclusion.  If you are Chinese, and by that I mean you grew up there and that's the food you are used to, this place is probably ok.  If you are like me and have either had the Japanese version or a better quality Chinese version (catering to American tastes), you will find the meal unenjoyable, in my opinion.  I was shocked how low quality the "steak" was.  A long white strip of fat with two thin red edges.  Two plates full.  
Service was indifferent.  Not great not terrible.  
The "sauce bar" was a great idea. About 20 different ingredients available so you can make your own dipping sauce.  And a few recipes on a chalkboard.  Unfortunately no ginger, which would have been a nice and classic ingredient.  Especially with soy.  I thought ginger was in Chinese cuisine.  Anyway I would have liked to have seen that as a sauce ingredient.   
I will continue my search for good shabu in Philly.  Won't return here.  And if you like this place I can assure you that with some effort you can do better.  And it will knock your socks off if done right.Around 12.95 for an individual hot pot, I think it's around 23 if you share and get the bigger one. I got the spicy broth, it was pretty spicy which was what I wanted but if you think it's light spicy, think again. So I got the spicy individual broth with beef, it came with a basket of vegetables (thin noodles , an egg,  mushrooms, veggies, and cabbage). The amount of food was satisfying but I wasn't full by any means (then again I do eat a lot). You can make your own sauce in the sauce station (there was bucket labelled MSG...not sure if serious or not). I like to put the egg in my sauce and mix it. I also ordered the pork balls (came with 6). Overall it was pretty good but  I think it'd be cheaper to hot pot at home. If you can't hot pot at home I'd come here. 
Make a reservation- Line is LONG on weekends, you might end up waiting over an hour if you don't make a reservation. Service is friendly!I don't usually give 5 stars (was really debating between 4 and 5) but in the end, this place deserves it. We came here to all you can eat hot pot for $21.99, which is an amazing deal given how fresh the food was. We got the triple flavored soup base - tomato soup, pork bone soup, and hot/spicy. My fiance liked the tomato soup best, and I liked the pork bone some. Neither of us cared much for the hot/spicy soup base, bit it was because the other soup bases and the dipping sauces were so good! I really liked that their sauce corner has a lot of different sauces, but they also give suggestions so you don't make a sauce that's too crazy...My fiance tried to get creative, and he created a flavor that really didn't go well together. All their suggestions ended tasting great. I particularly liked their BBQ and garlic combination. Food was extremely fresh, and service was great. We were well attended to, and our subsequent orders came out really fast. Our servers also refilled our soup very often. Would definitely be coming back. Even though we were so full, I craved it the very next day! I hope their all you can see at deal sticks around! Only complaint I have would be that the seaweed salad they serve at the beginning cannot get refilled, but on the other hand, I'm glad they serve it!The hot pot here was fantastic and on a Tuesday night the place was pretty packed.  The restaurant is getting a liquor license but as of last week they were still BYOB. The service was extremely friendly, but our waitress did forget a few of our items and a lot of the things took a long time to come out, which is interesting since everything just comes out raw on a plate and you just cook it in the broth.
I tried the spicy broth which was delicious and flavorful.  The tofu skin and the pork were my favorites as were the dumplings (referred to as "balls" on the menu).  I also loved the buffet of dipping sauces with a wide range of options to satisfy my spice craving, such as pickled jalapenos to chili garlic.  Despite the slow service, I will definitely be back here again.This new shabu shabu place opened up in Chinatown so I visited this location on a Friday night, around 5-6pm. We walked in without a reservation, but we were quickly seated. We ordered the half/half hot pot with a spicy and herbal broth. The broths were a bit bland for us. But then again, the whole point is that you're supposed to cook your meats and vegetables in the broths, which will in turn, flavor the broth.  The wait staff mostly assumed that all of their customers spoke Chinese until you made it apparent that you couldn't understand them. The waitresses were really friendly, the waiters, on the other hand, were not so pleasant. The sauce bar is a cool idea, though it's located far in the back where most customers were unaware of it. I recommend coming to restaurant with a group of 4+, so you don't waste unoccupied space and make reservations, esp if you plan on having dinner here. As always, because its shabu shabu, your bill may be high. 
Because this is probably the only shabu shabu place in Chinatown, its definitely a place that you should visit.FINALLY WE GOT A TYPICAL HOT POT IN PHILLY CHINATOWN.
The boss there is nice. I went there with my friend and we saw a free drink offer on YELP. But the boss said free drinking isn't offered anymore, it was only for opening week. So I was kind of upset. But then he said since they forgot to remove the offer on yelp, they would still do the free drinking to us. My friend said we didn't need free drink anymore bc they did offer nice tea. THEIR TEA IS GREAT. And guess what, by the end of our meal, the boss gave us 15% off for us not getting the free drink and he said it was their fault not to move the offer.
It's a nice place.And the price is reasonable. I would definitely go there again.Love this Shabu shabu! The meat is really good and the seafood is really fresh! If you never have Shabu Shabu before, this is the place for you!Great staff. They are very fast, helpful, and attentative.
 I suggest half and half pot with the pork bone soup.
Great variety of food option to add into the soup.
We are from New York, and would come here everytime we come to phillyHands down, my favorite hot pot spot in Chinatown. 
I really like their tom-yum flavored soup, and they have spam among with other meat varieties you can possibly think of!
I used to come here almost every other day.