Previously had trouble recognizing high quality sushi, after my meal here I have a new challenge which is not being able to find it anywhere else.A new sushi champ in Philadelphia. Best Omakase option in Philadelphia and the best I ever had. Price is $135 per person and worth every penny. The restaurant is stunning and the staff excellent from beginning to end. Sushi was spectacular with a number of surprises through the 18 course meal. To my surprise, the tea and bottled sparkling water was included in the price. Real Japanese toilets in the washrooms. 
One of my best dinning experiences in years. Highly recommended. 
Thank you Hiroki
BKPure excellence! Best sushi in town. The chef is a visionary. The ambiance is romantic and serene.  The staff are all friendly and well informed about each and every piece of the eight course menu. Their wine and Sake selection is unmatched. The manager, Matt is awesome. The entire experience from start to finish of this restaurant is like no other.  Highly recommended!Wow! Such an amazing experience here at Hiroki! We sat at the bar while watching a show of the chefs making the sushi for us. Everything was amazing and so fresh! We also ordered the Japanese whiskey to go along with the meal and that topped it off. The servers were very attentive and helpful! Pretty pricey but absolutely worth every penny!! I will definitely be coming back!Over all it's a good restaurant, but remember arrive on time, don't get there early, otherwise you can not get in (even one minute early) , until you get exactly the time you booked.
Good part: Food are nice 135/person (not included tax and service fee), have total 20 courses, from the appetizer to dessert. Total meal time will around 3 hrs. Recommend book the sushi bar seat. Their fish are sooo fresh and yummy. Which is the most thing I love it.
Bad part: Only the arrival time, they are so straight about that. The front lady was told us, she will let us in at the exactly time we booked. Which is really make us uncomfortable before we having a nice dinner.We saw other people are standing there waiting too. Outside was so hot too. Everyone is sweating.
Food overall must give 5 stars, but before we have the food, the service is really not that good. I hope they could get better for the service part. We will give them another chance and come back to try another time.We've been to one-star Michelin sushi places in SF and NY. Hiroki was better than each, definitely the best sushi in Philly we've had (haven't been to Royal Izakaya yet). If you're like us (enjoy complex flavors in amazing ingredients with chefs deftly sculpting the natural beauty rather than intensely re-engineering), you'll love this.
Hiroki elevates the preparation and service of sushi to an elegant, integrated art form with excellent fish, a relaxed intimate vibe, and extraordinary attention to fresh ingredients and optimally timed execution. Wonderful Omakase if you're looking for an experience, not just a dinner. The focus of the restaurant is on the food--presentation, ingredients, even the restaurant's lighting is optimized to showcase the color of your meal. Sitting at the bar is a must--with the chefs right across the counter, you optimize the timing for how certain dishes are delivered. The result: a much more powerful punch when it comes to texture. Generous number of dishes of exceptional quality. Watching the chefs, you get both dinner and a show. They are excited to tell you about each dish and hint at the subtle differences.
The restaurant employs a traditional, intimate design with music that relaxes the discipline associated with sushi preparation and decor that gives a nod to the building's history. Unlike other places, restaurant design is not so busy that it takes away from the food or the performance of its preparation. Take advantage of the AWESOME toilets before you go--they're an experience as well!
Flavors form a symphony with a clear narrative arc throughout the evening. Notes from the light introduction for your palate to the "key" and "genre" disappear into flashes of spice and vinegar. More complex flavor characters are introduced, followed by a story in lean fish of increasing complexity. After a unique transition, a toro to uni build-up is the centerpiece of the evening.Worth the hype and the money. From the ambiance to the food to the wine list, everything was incredible. Reservations are required and sit at the bar if you can so you can observe the master sushi chef at work.One of the best meals I've had ever. Experts. All around. Service, setting, environment, wait staff, all the way down to the soap in the bathroom. It's going to be hard to eat sushi anywhere else after that.The review is going to sound over the top but it really is that amazing. 
An exquisite dining experience. It's small but not crowded, excellent staff, nicely lit, earthy decor and the sushi is like no other sushi I've ever had. The beef is also fantastic. Each dish is a thoughtful continuation in a magnificent journey of taste and texture. Truly fine dining.Highest quality Japanese Omakase.  A complete journey with interesting appetizers, fish, sushi, meat, soup, and dessert tastings.  Simple preparation  allowed the ingredients to shine.  A small sake tasting complemented the meal.  Sitting by the chef allowed us to talk food and ingredients during the meal.Chic. Classy. Delicious. The best restaurant in Philadelphia. Make sure to sit at the sushi bar and watch the masters do their craft. Every course was delicious and I was extremely satisfied with every bite. We will be back for more - thank you Chef Hiroki!There is a new sushi contender in Philadelphia. No contest to morimoto, even in its heyday. Eight course omakase features sea urchin, waygu, sushi in variety of tuna (3 types), red snapper, whitefish, flounder, squid, trout, mackerel, eel, sea bass etc., and all so freshdelicious. There was miso unlike any I had before, as were the garlic and sliced cucumbers soaking in sweet vinegar. Each course so beautifully presented and filling. 
This is an intimate romantic dining and tasting experience tailored to sushi lovers. And judging by the playlist, perfectly suited to a clientele well versed in Pink Floyd. 
If you are fortunate enough to secure a seat, at 135$ a pop, I recommend the experience wholeheartedly. Hiroki has a notable sake selection. And witness master sushi chef Hiroki at work.Worth every single dime. Amazing service, presentation, ambiance. We loved it and thought it's a financial commitment, it far exceeded our expectations. Twenty courses is a great amount of food and the courses are curated delicately and with care. The beverage tasting on the side is also incredible. The fish is exquisite and rare. In many ways it's like a once-in-a-lifetime experience. I'm very grateful for the chance, and for your special occasion I highly recommend Hiroki. 
My only gripe was that it was a little hard to find the location!A lovely experience from start to finish. Highly recommend choosing the sushi bar seating option. The bar stools are as comfortable as a couch, and watching the preparation is magical. Service was attentive and excellent. Food was prepared beautifully, and I thoroughly enjoyed each course. The attention to detail could be seen in every element of the plating and decor, even fresh wasabi. Excellent music as well for the perfect ambiance. Japanese toilets, too!! In addition to sake they do also have wine by the glass/bottle and beer on draft/bottled. I thoroughly read the reviews before coming here, and every point I saw in them was thoroughly negated by our experience (to address a few: fish was perfectly fresh, portion of truffles as an add on to the beef was generous, rice was a perfect temperature, amount of food was perfect and the courses well paced). Was like a little mini trip to Japan for the evening, highly recommend and will be back!The food was very good and service was excellent. The alcohol is very expensive. Cheapest bottle of wine is $80. Sake pairing is $35.  Sake flight was $40 or $50 depending on choice of Sake flavor profile; fruity or earthy. We like champagne with sushi so we opted for the Moet Chandon at $120 for the bottle. Each course was plated beautifully.  The first course had 4 tastings; quail egg in broth, roe on daikon radish, foie gras, and some glass fish on something I can't remember. All were excellent but I guess the last one was forgettable since I can't remember. Lol! The nigiri was delicious especially the toro, swordfish, red snapper, tuna and scallop. The waygu and foie gras burger was just ok. There was a miso soup that was good but not spectacular. The hand roll with toro was my favorite.  
It was definitely something different and remarkable over all experience. We ran out of champagne before the meal was over. Our server recommended a champagne by the glass. We later found out it was $28 per glass when the bill came. We knew it was going to be an expensive meal, but I was still shocked that it came to $581 for dinner for 2 with tip. Afterwards we walked over to El Bar and got $4 shots and $3 beers. They also have hot dogs for $1.50 and ramen noodles for $2. Talk about extremes. Maybe we should have dinner at El Bar, it also would have been a memorable experience and likely  $550 cheaper. HIROKI was an experience that we will experience only once. I don't regret it, but there was little value.AS GOOD AS IT GETS
i reserved for an omakase experience sitting at the sushi bar for my birthday and had an incredible experience and meal. idk about the other omakase restaurants in philly but the design and little details about this restaurant truly reminds me of an authentic japanese omakase experience.
from the little bowls, to the little cinder block where the chopsticks go and even the design of the japanese bathrooms in the toilet... everything is so adorable and truly embodies japanese culture.
definitely sit at the sushi bar if you can so you can witness magic. watch the chefs work oh so intricately in creating the dishes for you. each dish was so delicious and fresh, i don't have a favorite because that's impossible. the sake here was also delicious. 
all in all, the price is worth the experience and the food. i'll be backThis is a truly outstanding omakase experience and adds to the growing list of top end Japanese restaurants in Philadelphia. Better yet, you can now get NYC quality meals at much more reasonable prices. 
The meal starts with a few composed dishes, and moves on through sashimi, nigiri, a handroll and several surprises before ending with exceptional renditions of transitional tamago and dessert. The sake pairing is very generous and reasonably priced. 
Seared tilefish, toro handrolls, exquisitely fresh uni and wagyu short rib. These were just a few of the perfect bites we enjoyed tonight. We'll be back very soon.My new happy place. Suiting at the Sushi bar is wonderful. Food is better than Morimoto's which was my last top happy tooth place. Service staff were great.Some of the best sushi around. Pair with the Sake tasting for the full experience. It is an experience. Everyone is seated at one time and served accordingly. On street parking is tough but there is a public lot around the corner/across the street. Enjoy !Expensive but worth it. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we both loved it. Every dish was amazing and unique. Our favorite part of the meal was the tuna serving where we were given 3 different cuts of tuna each a different level of fatty. The fattiest of them all was like butter. The one thing no one else mentions in there reviews is the bathrooms. It does feel odd to go in the middle of the meal but before you leave check it out because it's an experience.Pros: All our bites tasted good. The saki tasting along side each bite was the best part of the meal. 
Cons: We were still hungry after our meal and ordered more bites. There was no unique sushi in all the bites which was disappointing. Extremely expensive for the quality.
Summary: it was a nice one time experienceWent on opening day. Definitely a quality product. Chef Fujiyama is an artist. The quality of the fish and ingredients are unparalleled. But I learned that traditional omakese style Japanese food is not my forte.Amazing. Delicious in every aspect. We did the omakase and the alcohol pairing. We were on the fence for the drinks, but the pairings were well worth it. Perfect additions of flavor! The sushi was immaculate. The chef was preparing right in front of us. No dish had anything less than the perfect touch. So amazing! Please eat here!The meal at Hiroki was the best sushi experience of my life to date.
Strongly recommend the sake pairing. 
Arrive on time.
If they offer a wagyu beef option during the omikase, do it.I did the omakase at Hiroki on the first Friday that it was open.   It was a wonderful and expensive experience.   We sat at the counter which was great, because we got to watch them prepare food for the entire restaurant.  
This is the nicest sushi restaurant I've ever been in.  It's nicer than Nobu, Zara, etc.  I had a mackerel sushi that was exquisite and a piece of tuna sashimi that was indescribably delicious.  
I could wax on and on about how good it is, but what's more to say.   You should go try it if you have some extra money.  However, there is something in the restaurant no one told me about: a Japanese toilet.  
The bathroom is equipped with a toilet that opens on approach, the seat is warmed, and there are controls on the wall.  With one push of the button a stream of water will hit you right in the butthole and then a dryer will turn on!  I giggled about this for the entirety of the meal.   You must try it out.Place is legit. Delicious omakase on par with Royal as best in Philly.
The added 5 piece chefs choice nigiri was well worth the $55. 
The uni was tolerable, which says a lot since I typically hate it.  It's the best I've ever had. 
The tilefish though is the highlight.An amazing experience and such an elegant restaurant. Must sit at the sushi bar and watch the chefs make tasting menu right in front of you. Limited seating and must book reservations months in advanced.This is amazing Omakase!!  Loved everything.  Wonderful service too.  Sit at sushi bar.The nigiri was good but nothing extraordinary considering the price/person of which 80% I felt went toward frills and ambiance.Trust me sushi lovers, this place is legit. Choose the bar (small, so hard to reserve), not the tables. At least a 20 courser it feels like. Most fish were flew from japan. Philly has found a gem for you sushi snobs. Enjoy chef Hiroki. Keep up the humble and professional attitude.Hands down one of the best sushi spots in town. Liked it better than Royal in terms of variety.  Great vibe and experience.  The tilefish with crispy scales was my favorite!My husband took me here for my birthday a few months ago. While it was a great dining experience (service, ambience, food quality) I think this place is more of a one and done place for me. Let me explain why. I really loved the nigiri and sashimi courses but some of the other courses were not that great (especially the very first course with the four small dishes were just meh). For the price they're charging, I'd expect everything to be amazing. Additionally, my husband was still hungry after our dinner here so we headed to a cafe afterwards and he ordered and finished an entire entree as a second dinner.I can't believe I'm writing this update, but my second visit to Hiroki left a lot of room for improvement and was a huge, very expensive, disappointment.
In August 2019, my boyfriend and I had one of the most amazing meals/experiences of our lives at Hiroki. From start to finish, it was 5 stars all the way. I recently graduated from nursing school and passed my RN exam (yay!), so Hiroki was my celebratory evening of choice as we had such an unbelievable experience the first time around.
I realize times are different right now and restaurants are doing their best to maintain a high quality (and high-end in Hiroki's case) experience for guests, so I'm understanding of some of the changes. The outdoor, heated, private greenhouses are SO cool and provide a very intimate outdoor dining experience that isn't nearly as awesome as sitting at the chef's counter, but serves its' purpose. The service was stellar and our server was very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. Now, the first thing that really set us off was the fact that they are only offering bottle service right now. That's right, no individual drinks or even half bottle options. Both of us are liquor/sake drinkers, so we were forced to purchase an entire bottle between the two of us, half of which we didn't even drink and just took home. But, it was also an extra $100 added to our check (plus tax and tip) that we did not anticipate on an already pricey bill. There has to be a better way to serve guests aside from forcing them to purchase an entire bottle of their drink of choice. Second, the portion sizes were just not the same. Last year I walked out of Hiroki STUFFED after eating what had to be at least 20 pieces of sushi/sashimi/nigiri on top of other appetizers, soup, and dessert. This time, I walked out ready to grab a cheesesteak in South Philly.
The quality of food cannot be beat and the service/atmosphere was delightful, but for $540/2 people (yes, more than half a grand), I expect more and I expect to leave full, at the very least. Disappointed in Hiroki this time around and probably won't be back for a while. I understand the new precautions, but there has to be a better approach.For a major metropolitan city, there seems to be less options for high end sushi than I am used to. After hearing from some locals on where I should go for a good omakase meal, everyone seemed to point to Hiroki. After finally getting vaccinated, I decided to treat myself one night.
Under the circumstances of COVID, they will require you to put your credit card information, and if you do not show up, it will incur a hefty fee. Understandable at a time like this, when the margins are already tight for restaurants and all the ingredients they would want need to be extremely fresh.
The restaurant is beautifully decorated, intimate, and you can see everything that the chefs are doing. Again under the circumstances of COVID, it is not exactly what I am used to for an omakase meal. Rather, just consider it a pre-fix dinner versus having a good dialogue based on how the flow of the meal would progress and getting suggestions based off what you liked and didn't to the chef. 
The first six starters were presented in a bento box style, and I would say about 2 were excellent, 2 were good, and 2 were a miss. The octopus and the mackeral were probably the best. Octopus was beautifully presented, excellent balance of acidity and texture. The duck breast was also cooked perfectly, but I feel like I could have had it anywhere, and it was nothing terribly special. The poached egg, not sure if it was intended to be like this, but was not runny, underseasoned, and did not have much flavor overall. The amberjack was just a-okay, really something I could have had at a sushi restaurant of average quality.
The grilled black cod was probably one of the single best pieces of fish I have ever had. It was juicy without being greasy, and was flaking away with almost no effort. Beautifully crispy skin, and the pickles accompanying it worked perfectly to balance out the richness. However, the wagyu hamburger, which was not a hamburger but rather a japanese hambargu steak had a worcester sauce that overpowered everything. I couldn't taste any of the truffle, and it was a bit of a disappointment.
The nigiri was interesting, with 3 kinds of snapper to begin with. Each one was subtly different from the other, but my god did our chef love to use wasabi. I like to think I can handle it well, but it may have been a bit heavy handed with his use. In the beginning, okay maybe its good to wake you up, but after 2 more bites, it's just not enjoyable. The Tai, which usually is pretty mellow raw, was surprisingly the best, and the way it was made really highlighted the fish well.
The other highlights were swordfish, which I had never had raw, and was one of the more unique flavors I've ever had. There was also a piece of toro and otoro, and surprisingly, the leaner, less expensive piece was my favorite. I would say probably the best piece of lean tuna I've had. This may be nit picking, but the piece of otoro I had was sheared on one end from the cut and the rice started to fall apart near the end. Still, the flavor was great, though it could have been from anywhere else. The uni as well was what you would expect from uni. High grade, creamy, sweet, and wrapped around the best seaweed you can get.
Some of the later accompanyments were.... less than stellar. A miso soup was presented with japanese parsly, and honestly, it was just miso soup. Maybe if your palate was really well developed to get past the salinity, you could taste some of the sublteties, but it was meant to go with a toro handroll. Perfectly average, which is just fine. Dessert was okay as well. A bit whimsical with a stick of pocky, and a coffee,red bean, cream, and whisky jelly. It's okay, but not my favorite dessert.
I have to say if they posted their omakase menu in advance before customers were to book, maybe I would have chosen a different day. Pretty much it was broken down into perfect thirds of excellent, average, and below average. However, for something that I am paying this much for, I would expect there to be no misses. Our chef seemed really in the weeds, having to serve so many customers that he started placing the sushi on our plates almost haphazardly and without much care. I could not hear what he was putting on our plates, and there was no interaction with the customer. Maybe things will be different when the pandemic is over, and I will visit again. But I will say for an omakase experience, it's below the average of what I have had.One sentence: don't waste your money and time for this horrible Omakase. We went there to try the $135 Omakase tasting menu and got super disappointed. 
First, we have to get squeezed in a tiny waiting area with 3 other people. The other people had to wait outside in the cold because there was no space. The Omakase didn't start on time, and we had to wait for another 15 minutes before getting seated. That is bad service.   
We got a fried crispy crab in the first course. That is the most distasteful dish I have ever ate with my friend in any Japanese restaurant. First, the tiny crab has many pointy and sharp legs. When I tried to bite it in my mouth, I felt that the crab was hurting my mouth. 
Then there were the sashimi and fish.
First, the rice is served COLD and not in room temperature. I have been to Many Japanese restaurants, and I would always expect the rice to be served warm. This is not the case for Hiroki. 
Second, we didn't enjoy the fish meats because it's isn't taste fresh and gave off an unpleasant smell. I easily recognize this is the smell of some unfresh seafood. The texture of the fish is also dry and bland. I would probably compare it to some $10 sushi I could buy in grocery stores. 
Third, the fish and rice are separated and not seasoned well. When we tried to pick it up to it. The fish and rice fall into separated pieces. Furthermore, the wasabi is put into the center of the sushi and that specific part tasted really spicy. We didn't taste any freshness from the seasoning. There is nothing special about the food but get charged expensively. 
In summary, don't waste your money to come to this place. Our bill eventually went to $180 + per person, including tax and services fee. You will get really disappointed and feel robbed.It pains me to write such an ambivalent review of this place. My SO surprised me with reservations for our anniversary a few weeks ago and I was very excited. There's not a lot of great sushi in Philadelphia, and this seemed like the elevated experience that I was looking for.
To begin, we had 8:00 PM reservations, and arrived a few minutes early, per online recommendations. I found it odd to see people waiting outside to be let in, but we checked in with the hostess and she said our seating would be available in a few moments. The hostess stand is located in a small room just outside the dining room and only had enough space to for maybe 4 people in it, hence other diners waiting outside. It was cold, like 20 degrees cold, and I had a dress on, as I did not expect to need to wait outdoors for a table. After standing outside for about 10 minutes with roughly 6 other diners, I had to go back in to warm up. At which point the hostess decided to seat myself and my partner. I was surprised to see most of the tables were empty and set. Another patron commented that if people do need to stand outside, there should be a heater to which the hostess replied "It's our first winter - sorry!". This feels like a huge oversight that they should probably rectify. To expect patrons to stand outside in whatever weather is weathering to wait for a table is far from the level of customer service a meal of this pricing should provide. A dive bar - sure. A $300+ omakase dinner - no way.
Outside of that hiccup, the service was very good. Our servers were militantly polite and knowledgeable. The decor of the restaurant is very simple and feels intimate. Although, and perhaps a bit crassly - my favorite feature is likely the Japanese style toilets in the restrooms. 
The courses were paced nicely, and we never felt as though we had to wait long for our next plates. The fish tasted fresh and well seasoned. The cooked dishes were delicate and sumptuous. The meal was technically perfect. Can I say it was the "best" dinner I've eaten in Philadelphia? No - and I can't really tell you why, it just did not blow me out of the water like I had expected, or like some other meals I've had in the city. Perhaps I'm asking too much for what is essentially raw fish on rice - but the entire meal was missing a little zazzle for me. I'd also say, that while I was certainly not hungry at the end of my meal, I wouldn't say I was "full" either -- although you do get the option of re-ordering and dish you'd like to try again, 
As for drinks, we opted against the sake pairing as neither of us are big sake drinkers. I am also not much of a wine drinker, so my options were fairly limited. After a very tasty but very expensive glass of Japanese gin ($19 for literally gin on the rocks) - we opted to drink Sapporo, a Japanese lager akin to a classier Budweiser. I'd wish for a more expansive non-Wine/sake selection so perhaps those with less love for fermented grapes/rice can have a few more options. I understand also it's not the point of a meal like this to be consuming multiple cocktails, but the alcohol pricing of the establishment takes an already expensive meal and blows it into the atmosphere.
All in all - our bill with tip came close to $400, and although I was pleased with the meal and my experience, I just was simply not blown away as one would imagine with a price tag like that. I'd say if you're a huge lover of fine Japanese cuisine, and have the money to burn, go when it's warmer outside and give it a try. In my opinion, there are far greater and tastier cuisine experiences in Philadelphia, some at nearly half the cost.Been to most of Omakase sushi in NYC and Tokyo Ginza and being a Japanese born and raised in Tokyo, edomae sushi is my passion. I know the huge difference between mediocre, bad, or great Omakase. Unfortunately my experience here is unpleasant at least and rather upsetting. 1 sake by glass is like amount of 1/3 of small cup, enough to get two small sips, but I was charged $18, complete steal. I felt this is a joke or mistake so I confronted a waiter and he said this is normal here, "if you want more, you order more and we give to you".  So rude and no sense of omotenashi in services. 2. Fish quality is mediocre at best, 3. Shari is not good, not warm temperature and almost no vinegar taste. Overall I was charged $200 including mandatory service charge of 20% (if I can decide I will not give any tip).  Simply way too overcharged for a quality of mediocre sushi and no services. Not recommended and never come back again for this bad experience.We had a wonderful time here. The omakase sushi was amazing and the staff and chef were all really courteous and helpful.Our first indoor dining experience since The End Times, and so we were scared. We were completely put at ease once we got inside. This was our second time, the first time was before all the troubles. It was just as good as before, if not better (the dessert this time was better, unforgettable). Both times I had high expectations based on the price point, both times the expectations were shattered. So fantastic in every aspect. I've done 2 other omakase places, this is the only one I would consider returning to again and again.Over priced for what they are offering..$135/person+$60 (Sake pairing)+Tax...have food at your house cz when you get back you might need another dinner ..vibes are good and the best thing was, their heated restroom seat  now you can imagine how much I liked their foodWe have all heard the expression that you eat with your eyes before you eat with your mouth, but in the case of Hiroki we need to take it a bit further, as  the tone of the Omakase experience is set the moment you lay eyes in the beautiful facade and wooden doorway leading into the restaurant. 
Once you enter you are promptly seated at the sushi bar. The ambience inside is as stunning as the exterior of the building. 
We opted to do the Sake pairing with our Omakase ($65, very fair). They have a very diverse Sake menu, but the 300% markup on many items is a bit much. For instance, they offer "Dassai Beyond" for nearly $1600 when the average price of this bottle is around $540 retail. 
Shortly after we received our first item, a tray broken down into 6 distinct small bite dishes, consisting of:
Poached Egg in Sweet Dashi Soy -  Utterly exquisite. 
Roasted Duck Breast - My least favorite of the tray. 
Japanese Bonito - OK. 
Conger Eel w/Sweet Vinegar & Plum - Reminded me of shrimp. Expected a bit more. 
Miso Cured Salmon Roe - OK. 
Japanese Squid w/Cucumber - Good. 
Shortly after finishing our appetizers we were presented with an exceptional bite of food - Grilled Black Cod. One of the best bites of the meal. 
We were then given the Japanese A5 Wagyu w/grated Daikon and Yuzu Pepper. The Wagyu was incredibly tender, as to be expected with such a cut of beef, and complimented well by the daikon and yuzu pepper, which lingered on the palate. 
Finally the Chef began preparing the pieces of nigiri and presenting them 1 by 1 to us. I read a review before where the reviewer complained that the Chef was a bit heavy handed with Wasabi. Perhaps he read that review because after the first piece was served he asked everyone if the amount of Wasabi was good, too much or too little. We all agreed that it was good, and he continued. 
All of the nigiri were very good, my only criticism being that they were all presented in exactly the same way: Nigiri, rice, soy (With the exception of the Swordfish, which was torched). Given the price of this Omakase ($145 each) I was hoping for some Yuzu or citrus, Japanese Sea Salt, etc, to be used to add some subtle nuance to the bites. 
We finished with a coffee jelly that was very good. 
Overall it was a wonderful experience. 
The servers were extremely knowledgeable, welcoming, attentive, and they truly seemed to care about the enjoyment of the patrons.I'm not sure if I can give it higher than 5 stars but I want to. Nestled in an unassuming side street, Hiroki is one of the more expensive omakase menus I have tried but it did not disappoint. The bar seating is a must. The ambiance is cozy and relaxed. The fish selection and pace was appropriate. You were able to taste, discuss and enjoy each piece or course without feeling rushed. At the same time, you were never left hungry. 
The bento appetizer portion was equally flavorful as beautiful. The impeccably fresh sushi/sashimi to follow took the show. Come hungry. You'll leave pleasantly full. Looking forward to coming back for another special occasionAuthentic sushi spot in Fishtown! We started off with 4 bite-sized appetizers (bamboo, abalone, squid, quail egg) none of them were really impressive so we got a little concerned but the rest of the meal was amazing! The tuna especially chutoro was incredible - just the right amount of fat and flavor that just melts in your mouth. I also loved the trout, scallop, and this crispy fish that I didn't get the name of. Wish there were more nigiri pieces but overall a really good meal.I recently bought a flight to Vegas that was cheaper than this meal but I have absolutely no regrets.
From start to finish the experience was just that- an experience. Something I will remember and dream about, something I savored in the moment and highly recommend you experience- if you love and appreciate good sushi and inventive, interesting dishes. 
We sat at the sushi bar and were lucky to snag a corner spot for our party of 4 right in front of the Hiroki himself. I'd recommend sitting at the bar- it's like watching a show! He handed us the sushi as soon as it was ready and we were told to eat it right away. Every bite was delicious. I particularly enjoyed the river crab appetizer- just eat it all in one bite, he told us. Felt a little sadistic but it was crunchy and great! 
I'd been to the Royal Sushi and Izakaya omakase recently and this felt like more of a complete meal- with appetizers, sashimi, nigiri, hand rolls, wagyu beef, miso soup and even dessert. They were able to make an accommodation for my pescatarian friend for the wagyu dish which was very nice too. We also loved the selection of sakes and how they brought out fancy glasses to drink it with.
Definitely save this for a special occasion as with drinks it will run you $200 easily. Unless you're a baller, in which case come as much and as often as you can.This was my first time at Hiroki, and I loved every minute and every bite.
I came here to celebrate my birthday and it was the best place I could have chosen.  The menu is omakase only, for $135 a person with 21 "plates."  Most of these are nigiri showcasing the current selection of fish but others are bites of wagyu, crab, etc (as shown in my picture).  There's also tamago and dessert. You can do an optional sake pairing as well with your meal or order a glass a la carte off of their selection.
There is counter seating and table seating, but I would recommend getting counter seating so you can actually watch the chefs in action. The interior is beautifully decorated and the atmosphere is just gorgeous and makes you feel very special. Watching your chef make your sushi for you during your omakase and explain to you each and every fish they serve is part of what makes the experience so wonderful.  The fish all tasted very fresh, tender, and flavorful, and each bite was delightful. I will say I think former Morimoto chef Hiroki doesn't shy away from packing a few said bites with a lot of miso, so a few times I felt my nose scrunch up from more than what I could handle, but overall of course it was masterfully prepared.  I really appreciated the little surprise dessert of sweet chestnut sponge cake at the end too. The miso soup they served was a refreshing way to end the sushi.  If you're still full somehow after all the sushi and small bites, you can add on personal requests for other hand rolls, etc. but personally speaking I was stuffed! The service was amazing and the waiters were very attentive. There's a coat check at the front if you need it.
This isn't the first omakase I've done in Philadelphia, and I will say I think that pitted against Royal Sushi, Royal comes out on top. But this definitely takes crown for second place in my heart and for the overall ambiance, service, and quality, I would for sure come back again. Skip Morimoto - come right to Hiroki.Funnily, while I don't agree with either the 1 star ratings or the unqualified positive ratings either, the four star average  feels about right if you factor in the cost. Which is to say that, when compared to the other top of the line high end omakase experiences  in Philly, this one is good but it's not the best. 
The appetizers were very special. Here they exceeded all the peers. There were multiple items I've never tried before and they were delicious. The wagyu burger was mouthwateringly good (infused with foie gras). And the Handrolls were decadent. Filled with toro and uni beyond reason. The tamago was the best tamago I've ever had. 
As far as the nigiri it was clearly super high quality. Everything was simple and elegant. 
And I didn't leave hungry.uI guess I just don't get it. The sashimi was good. Not great but good. The small portions left me hungry and the price at 200 a person just felt like going to a fancy French restaurant and being served a miniature Cornish hen or something like that. The place is cool but I would rather spend 100 on better sushi and feel satisfied. I'll take Sagami any day.The entire meal was extremely rushed. We were asked multiple times by multiple waiters to have our plates removed when there was still food on them. I understand there are multiple reservations per night, but there should be more time allotted for each reservation. 
The food was excellent however if you don't mind being rushed.Absolutely exquisite experience. Excellent quality and variety of fish. Beautiful and timely service.Please understand that the quality of the product is very good. This is not a hate review, but more of a value review. We paired the sake tasting with the omakase at an additional $60. The pours were stingy in my opinion and I actually ordered a glass of the Chablis in addition bc my sake glass was constantly empty. The Chablis was $18 and was ok, but also a very conservative pour. We also added the truffle mushroom slices to the Kobe beef burger portion at $15 a piece, but were underwhelmed. The food was delicious, the service was great, but at ~$600 for two I just don't think it's worth it. We went to Suraya the week before and our bill was ~$120 and the food quality and service quality was equally as good. Don't think this place is worth it unless you just want to check a box.So good period. I managed to get reservations thru Resy at the sushi bar section a few days after it opened. Please get these seats if you can. I think it's a better experience. We were happy to sit right in front of the chef and have a few small conversations with him and the customers next to us. I really loved the vibe of the restaurant, as it reminded me of Kyoto. The customer service was exceptional and the food was amazing. I've had omakase in Japan recently and I loved this restaurant a lot more. I did feel full after the meal but I could see how some people would leave a little hungry. I wish I could compare to royal izakaya but I haven't been there yet. However, I can definitely see this place being one of the top sushi restaurants in philly.Great to see such authentic Japanese in Philadelphia. It's well selected course meals with well trained waitress and waiters who address meal questions. I was impressed.This spot offers omakase style sushi preparation. The chef is a former Mori Moto chef and comes with much sushi experience. 
The service is great.
The presentation is lovely.
The fish is a fresh. There are more exotic and hard to get dishes abs fish that I tried here for the first time.
I was not completely full when Dinner was done and wanted a little plate cleaner. 
The price is somewhat outrageous. A meal for 2 was $500 we had to omakase and 1.5 glasses of sake each.
I think the price is just too much for the quality of fish and minimal variety of flavors. I've had better omakase for way less. I won't be back.We had high hopes for Hiroki after reading reviews online and we made a reservation early april for our anniversary dinner, but coronavirus swept in and the restaurant closed with all reservations canceled. 
I was pretty excited to find that mid-may that Hiroki has reopened for takeout (or had it all along after our reservation was canceled) and ordered two sushi #2 to go (because go big or go home right). Sushi #2 came with 10 pieces of nigiri plus 2 rolls of sushi and 1 tamago in each set. 
We picked up our meal and headed home immediately to savor it. At the end of the meal I asked my husband to guess how much we spent and he said 60$ total. No honey, we spent about 130$ total before taxes/fees. Aka he thought the meal was worth half of what we paid for. Honestly I can imagine Hiroki being able to deliver a 130$ worth of delicious omakase in the pictures/reviews I've seen but their takeout meal does not live up to the price. Each piece of nirigi was good but very forgettable; the texture of sushi rice was subpar to all the other omakases I've had, just a one two levels above supermarket sushi rice. The most memorable item was the tamago actually, it was like biting into a light soft fluffy cake made of egg. 
With that said, I am still considering whether I should stop by again for a dine-in meal when restaurants open back up, to see if the ambience/experience makes up for the price point but we'll see.Hiroki was one of the best dinners that I've had in Philadelphia (if not the best). The service was impeccable and the food was outstanding. The quality of sushi is top notch (note, my husband and I have had sushi all over the world) and hands down the best sushi in Philadelphia. The GM, John Park, was also very hospitable and he and his waitstaff (shout out to Amy) contributed to the memorable experience. Thank you again for the superb dinner and for the sparkling sake. We can't wait to come back!First I want to say they did a huge and amazing effort to make the place Covid safe, they've  built 6 greenhouses, equipped it with heaters and speakers and it came out very cozy, comfortable and safe. The service is implacable! 
We love Japanese fine dining restaurants, we even went to Japan for our honeymoon, so we do have an idea what to expect. Unfortunately we didn't feel like the fish verity was big or unique enough, same for the flavor. We don't feel it's a meal worth $400 bill! We were excited to try Hiroki after being many times at Mulherins (same owners and building) and it's one of our favorites.Not worth the obscene cost.
The less-than-stellar reviews on Yelp wholeheartedly sum it up. The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgeable, however, the sushi simply did not live up to the hype. 
Our party of 4 relatively enjoyed our dining experience, but not to the tune of a total bill of $750. Yes, you read that correctly. We're not a group who enjoys sushi rolls laden with mayo, crunch, mango, etc...we love clean sushi that showcases the freshness of the fish. Hence, Hiroki should have been right up our alley. We collectively agreed that we have enjoyed better sushi in suburban strip malls. Hiroki takes itself too seriously, and I wonder if it has the gumption to stand the test of time.
You know it's bad when the highlight of a dining experience is the restaurant's fancy toilet with flashing neon colors and heated seat.If you are new to sushi and omakase dinners, this might be a 5 star experience for you...if you've ever picked up a tray of to-go sushi at the local supermarket, this omakase is going to disappoint you!
You arrive on a small alley like street in Fishtown to the back entrance of a pretty trendy restaurant (Wm Mulherin & Son's) and enter through a very cool large circular wooden door.  The reservations are exact, so arrive 5 min early and you're directed to wait outside in the street or you can go into the Mulherin bar.  It's the same owners, you can actually take your drink from there to Hiroki (although its the same building, there's no connecting doorway inside, you're required to take your drink outside and walk around the corner on the sidewalk...can't see how this is actually legal given PA's strict liquor laws).  Hiroki also only offers sake, wine and beer, but your waiter can go back to the Mulherin bar and get you cocktails of your choice.
Service starts of great with a hot towel for your hands and a quick review of the omakase choices.  We chose the full sake pairing ($195).  First course brings out 4 single bite dishes.  The sagawani (fried whole Japanese river crabs) was delicious, crispy like a potato chip with just a hint of the ocean and slight crab aftertaste.  Sizes between the plates (there were 4 of us) was alarming as mine was as wide as a dime and across from me was easily a silver dollar and had to be eaten in 2 bites.  The poached quail egg with caviar topping had 7 (I counted) small little pearls on top and looked like they were running out and trying to stretch the last of the caviar.  The egg itself was under poached with too much white and had a slimy and cold texture.  The other two were unimpressive.
Several courses were brought out and explained in little detail.  The sashimi was amberjack served two ways, with torched skin and without.  It seemed to have a light clear sauce over it and the fish was chewy and fatty, cut against the fat the wrong way.  There was a wagyu course with 3 sashimi sized pieces.  looked to be sous-vide cooked loin (pink all the way to the very edge, charred on outside) and then sliced down.  It was chewy, gritty and flavorless, and served cold.  It reminded me of deli counter roast beef.  This was most likely an American cross-breed "wagyu" that was not prepared properly.  The nigiri was a few pieces that looked like they had been sitting out for 10 minutes before being brought to the table.  Fish flesh was dry, rice was cold.  The waitress told us it had been brushed with soy and flavored with wasabi, I tasted neither.  We were served a small bowl with fresh picked ginger and what seemed like a housemade cabbage/slaw concoction next to it, I asked if we could have some fresh wasabi, and she produced a bowl of what appeared to be fresh grated wasabi root, however it was watery and had no flavor or heat to it at all.  NONE.  I suspect they either were using rhizomes that had been frozen and stored improperly, or had previously grated them and stored the paste for too long in a fridge (shelf life is hours, and it tasted as if it was 24-48 hours old).  I asked for a second bowl to see if it was a fluke and it was just as bland.  The mackerel was way too fishy, almost to the point of being spoiled; two of our 4 group wouldn't even eat it, two of us bit down and gave it a shot.  It was nasty and took the whole glass of sake to wash it down.  The tuna tasting (toro, cho-turo, o-toro) was bland and in the same dry condition as if it had been sitting out on the counter too long with cold rice.  The o-toro was not torched and the fat was a bit slimy and fishy (o-toro needs to be torched and melted slightly, I should not be served raw like toro).
The sake pairings were mediocre.  Nothing special that made us want to take note of the bottle and go buy.  I thought they were random pairings as if someone consulted a chart as opposed to a chef or sommelier picking them out.  
At $195/person for the tasting (with tax and tip, it came to $250/per person, not counting the pre-dinner round of drinks next door).  These are NYC prices, and well-respected, award-winning NYC prices!
We are pretty big sushi eaters, considered regulars at the existing top Philly spots like Royal, Zama, Sakana, Ooka, as well as regulars to other big cities like NYC for Nakazawa, Blue Ribbon, Masa, O-Ya...just to give you an idea of our experiences that we're comparing against.  Given the recent press around Hiroki and the praises it has been getting, I expected a completely different experience.  I've had better sushi meals at the take-away counter at Wegmans.  Save yourself the regret of eating here and the huge bill you'll get and go pretty much anywhere else for a better meal.We came here for my birthday as it's quite a nice spot and definitely pricier than most restaurants in Philadelphia. It was an omakase-only dining experience but it was quite possibly the best restaurant meal I've had in Philadelphia.
The first course was a box of 6 items as an appetizer. In this, the duck was super flavorful and probably my favorite item. I've never had duck with this much flavor, and it was great. The egg and the shrimp were also amazing. The only one I didn't really like was the cooked fish on the paper plate, but that was still ok.
The next course was the black cod, which was probably the best cooked fish I've ever had. This was better than Morimoto's, but unfortunately is smaller. The fish is extremely butter and the scales were very crispy for a perfect balance.
The A5 wagyu was next which was also possibly the best beef I've ever had, and I've had Kobe beef before. It was just so flavorful and tasty. I'm grateful I took the mushroom off before eating it though because I think the mushrooms were the only bad part of the entire meal. I don't know why they were there, but if I were given the option to eat that mushroom or a McChicken I'm picking the latter 10 times out of 10. It had a weird sandy texture and I would recommend everyone to take it off and eat it separately.
The next 5 courses were pieces of sashimi that were really great, but honestly paled in comparison to the last 5 items of sashimi. These latter 5 were amazing - the mackerel, the scallops, the lean tuna, the fatty tuna, and the uni. All of them were mind blowingly tender and melt in your mouth. One after another, it was such a culinary explosion. 
The final courses were miso soup + hand roll + tamago. The miso soup was a bit too strong/salty for my liking but my girlfriend really enjoyed it. The other two were great. The tamago tasted like bread so much I was surprised it _wasn't_ cheesecake. 
Lastly, the dessert was matcha which I really liked. I usually don't like how strong or sweet desserts are but this was very enjoyable and I was able to finish it all without wanting to stop. 
Overall the service was great. It is quite pricey, but is definitely the best meal I've had in Philadelphia (without factoring in price).Was here for a birthday dinner. Fish was good quality (which should be a given at any top sushi place in the city) but not worthy of the price. Small portions. Even the Miso soup portion was embarrassingly small. Desert was another small portion of a basic cake roll. At this price point demand more.This was my first omakase experience and I was not disappointed. For $135/person, we each got 21-22 plates (12 pieces of nigiri). Each dish was so well crafted, so aside from the amazing experience, the food and the amount of effort they put in, it was worth every penny.
We made the reservation 2 weeks in advance and luckily got 3 seats at the sushi bar. Highly recommend choosing the sushi bar versus the tables, because for the same price, you get to see first-hand on how your food are made and plated. 
The 4-course starter was definitely an eye-opener, which included 4 tiny plates with scallop, crab, cucumber+squid, and quail egg presented in a very zen manner. Each dish opened of my palate more and got me pumped for the rest of the courses. 
Every dish following all presented many layers of flavors in my mouth. The most noticeable was the wagyu beef, which was cooked medium rare with a very juicy center and charred skin. The meal included 12 pieces of nigiri, and if you sit at the sushi bar, you get to see the entire process unfold in front of you (from slicing the fish to folding together the nigiri). The chef will tell you the name of the fish every time before serving the piece to you, but honestly everything's going pretty fast I couldn't remember most of them. I don't have enough experience to comment on the fish choice, but I love how they control the light amount of soy sauce and wasabi in the nigiri. Personally not a fan of overpowering sushi/nigiri by dipping them in soy sauce, so the way they did it allowed me to actually savor on the texture and freshness of the fish. 
Also really nice of them to include a candle on my dessert  cake, which was a very tasty strawberry roll with freshly made strawberry jam in the middle! 
Overall I was very happy with the experience (as an amateur in omakase). The ambience was very soothing and every plate was done with care. This place definitely opened a door for me to a new food experience that I would continue exploring in the future.COVID has created many challenges to the restaurant biz, but Hiroki demonstrated how to maintain a high-end dining experience with all of the bells and whistles while keeping up with the safety precautions.
Must get: omakase w/sake pairing
First of all, getting here is a little tricky with the dearth of parking (especially with the numerous one-way streets) and the GPS will actually take you to another restaurant, Wm Mulherin, but they share the same building and the entrance is on N. Lee St.
Upon entering Hiroki, you can immediately cast off all of the worries and the chaos and know you're in for an amazing and unforgettable evening. All of the seats are at the sushi bar, where you get to watch the sushi chefs expertly craft each dish with care and precision. The service was top notch and reminiscent of a Michelin restaurant with expedited water refills, pushing of the chairs, and just all around pleasant rapport. What I love about Hiroki, interestingly enough, is the placement of the hanging transparent glass to protect the patrons and diners from covid. The lighting of the glass catches the reflection of the Japanese paintings behind them, giving it a beautiful, but the eery appearance of floating ghosts dining with you.
In terms of the food, it was all excellent, with options ranging from mouth-watering and insta-melting fatty tuna to the perfectly marbled wagyu. Our tasting menu included delights such as barracuda, big eye snapper, and uni. The dessert was excellent but felt a bit more abrupt, but I liked how it was paired with a dessert sake (which tasted super sweet in isolation, but delectably sour when paired).
Overall, it's a pricey excursion but well worth the price and can be a very intimate dating experience.
Food/Price/Ambiance/Service: 5 starsWe had a great time as the Hiroki. The food was fantastic. The staff was so helpful and nice. We really enjoyed the sake pairing.First of all, I'm Japanese, trust me. I went to Hiroki for my birthday dinner. I was so disappointed. Their appetizer was good, but sushi was terrible. Not much variety of fish with ok quality. Worst thing is rice. It was too salty and vinegary... I couldn't eat without water every single bite. Also the employees are not friendly. I won't go back again... ()I was excited to have the omakase here since it got such rave reviews, the restaurant only services a set omakase menu.  The place is a little to uptight for my taste; I phoned them to let them know we were going to be 5 minutes late.  We ended up being 8 minutes late instead and the phoned me at 7 minutes to see where we were.  The servers were pleasant but there were a little uptight.  The menu was not like any other omakase that I have had before and not in a good way.  There were so many servings of nigiri that my wife and I actually got full before we finished out meal from all the rice.  They need to mix it up more with more sashimi and variety.  They actually gave us a large temaki cone which I actually never had on a omakase; again more rice.  I think it's worth a try but I probably will not return.Went with a party of 4, will likely not be back anytime soon.  First, when we arrived, we had to seek out a very disinterested appearing host.  He informed us that because it was 8:00 and seating for all guests wasn't until 8:15 we would have to wait in the cold outside with another group of diners.  We obliged and stood in front of the door staring at the empty but heated yurts we would soon be dining in.  Why exactly did we have to wait in the cold instead of inside the yurts?  As we waited, two other parties arrived around 8:10 and checked in and were seated in their yurts.  We went to ask about seating but the host was too busy seating the other tables that arrived after us, when he got back he finally seated us around 8:20.
Next up, beverages.  We were asked if we preferred sparkling or still and said still, assuming that this must be house sparkling water if we weren't offered the option of tap water.  Nope, we were presented with a $15 bottle of aqua panna.  Ok, no biggie, didn't even mention it, but it sets a certain tone.  After we finished it the server asked if we'd like another and we asked for tap water, there was a looong pause and he finally said in an audibly deflated tone "we can bring you that".   Next the ridiculous alcohol policy, we were told that we could only order bottles of wine with dinner (about $100 price point) bc of covid.  I'm unclear how other bars and restaurants in town are able to serve glasses, but apparently Hiroki can't pull it off safely.  My wife asked to try one of the white wines before we bought a $150 bottle, we were informed that this was not possible because of covid.  Really??  Fine, we'll take it.  The server brought out the bottle and proceeded to pop the cork and pour a sip for my wife in the sommelier style for her approval, in my head ae voice screamed WHY ARE YOU PUTTING ON THE SHOW IF YOU CLEARLY DONT CARE IF THE BOTTLE IS TO HER LIKING ANYWAY!!?  You might as well just hand us the bottle and walk away.  We've dined at many ultra high end restaurants, French Laundry, Vetri, Blue Hill at Stone Barns, etc, none of those places would bat an eye if you asked for tap water or wanted to taste a wine.  Hell if you were at Vetri and you told the server you want grape Fanta they'd probably run out and buy you some. 
Dinner was excellent.   food was gorgeous and artfully prepared.  We enjoyed most aspects of our meal with very few exceptions.  Really no complaints here.
After the meal the server brought us the check with an included 20% gratuity.  We gave her our cards to run and she handed us back her swipe machine thing with the box checked for an additional 20% tip on top of the included 20% tip.  She didn't mention anything but I had to ask if I was mistaken that there was a 20% service charge included, and the box that was checked was to add an additional 20%.  She said yes, that box checks by default.  Cue eye roll.  Certainly COVID has been tough on everyone especially servers, and I would have no problem going above and beyond the normal tip IF service was incredible, but at the high price point of Hiroki we expected a whole lot more.  If the meal was exactly the same without the nickel and dime treatment from the management this would have been a five star review.Me and my husband recently dined here for our anniversary. We both been to Japan and had omakase a couple times. We are sushi lovers and this is our first omakase in Philadelphia. With that being said, we did keep an open mind before coming to Hiroki for the first time. Before our reservation, we had read other reviews on Yelp and fully aware of the menu and how much we will be paying. It was a special occasion so we do not mind splurging a bit. Chef Hiroki was from Morimoto so with that being said, we definitely did set some expectations there. Despite, we kept an open mind before going there.
Our reservation was on a weekday so we didn't really had a hard time finding parking. When we got to the restaurant, we really love the exterior large round wooden door design. The interior design feels very nice and we definitely loved the ambience. We made a reservation for the sushi bar which was spacious. We were kindly greeted by all staff including the chefs. 
Now the dining experience, as we sat down, we were given the beverage menu. Neither me or my husband really drink so we decided to just order a matcha ipa to try and sticking with tap water. Although we don't mind splurging on the food, I don't think we would want to splurge on alcohol as we both definitely was primarily excited for the omakase. It was a full house when we were there, this didn't bother us. However, not sure if it was because it was so busy. We felt like everything was so rushed and the chef lacked interactions with us and other guests. Everything was prepped in advance. The first couple of courses before sushi came one after another. When it was time for the sushi, it felt like the chef was just trying to get us out. Do not feel like they wanted us to enjoy each pieces that was served. I could be wrong, but I thought that was the main reason of omakase is for guests to appreciate each pieces that is being served individually by the chef. 
The food now - like we said we kept an open mind - Although $145 was not overly absurd for a 21 course meal, we didn't really think it was worth it. Maybe we don't know what is good  sushi but the sushi tasted very standard like you can get from anywhere else ... I love how they tried to be creative with their menu by adding unique items but nothing absolutely stood out to us. We had way better sushi elsewhere and for much less. The only difference is the omakase experience.
Overall, don't think we will visit again. If you want good sushi but don't want to feel pinched by the price, then don't go here. However, if you have the money and wanted to just spend on the experience without the concern around food, then go for it.as another reviewer said, many domestic flights are cheaper than this meal but this is an experience not to be missed!
we booked the 8:30 seating on a Friday (ubering is definitely best in this area as parking is hard to find) and were seated shortly after arrival. Be sure to arrive on time since they start everyone on the same dish at the same time. 
My husband and I attended with another couple and the boys ended up ordering sake while us girls had a delicious sparkling rose. With every new bottle of sake our server brought around a tray of sake glasses that everyone could choose from which was really fun. The glassware in this restaurant is gorgeous. Just be careful with the alcohol if you are on a budget since I think our alcohol ended up being just as much as the food!
The tasting menu, although a little pricey, is plentiful and exceptional. The little starters were actually one of my favorite parts of the meal: we had abalone, a tiny little japanese river crab, foie gras and a quail egg. All four were beyondddddd delicious. From here on out, I cannot possibly remember all the dishes we had but I will say the wagyu course was also spectacular. Of course, the fish is not to be forgotten but it is all SO good that it is hard to distinguish one piece from another- just know you are getting phenomenal fish. By the end, we were getting pretty full but then the waitress gave us an option to add another 5 pieces of nigiri for $55 and we took her up on the offer, just to try a few more pieces. 
Overall, this was not just a restaurant but a whole dining experience, which is partly what you pay for. It is not a place to go every Friday night but it is 100% a place to go for a special occasion or just a fun night. We will definitely be back... I am drooling just writing about it!It was a great first omakase experience! Although it was a little difficult to understand the chef through his mask while he was explaining each item, everything was delicious. The chef's presentation was pure art.Although there's not that many to begin with, this is my favorite omakase in Philly. Hiroki does well with good ingredients. Only some of the staff is Japanese, but they are all pretty well trained. Difficult to compare to omakase in Japan, New York, DC, and LA, but still very good. Hiroki is the only place doing sushi this well in Philly, other than Royal Sushi.I had the most horrible experience at this place! I booked this place to celebrate my birthday with my friends. I bought a very nice sake from japan and I wanted to share with my friends. I had called in advance to make sure the place was BYOB and the gentlemen on the phone told me it was so I brought the sake in. At the front door, the hostess told me that there is a corkage fee, which was to my surprise, and told me was $60. Then I left it with her at coat check and decided not to bring it in. After sitting down the waitress told me what would you like to drink? I said I had brought a sake and she said she will check on the corkage fee for me. Then the manager came back with $75, not even acknowledging the fact that three different price points were given to me with this single experience. I had wanted to leave immediately but they have the policy that will charge your credit card for no show. I can't believe they have the audacity to ask me how was the food after they have lied to my face on three separate occasions. Terrible management, does not admit fault, expensive and not worth the value. Never coming back here again!Hiroki was my first omakase experience during the pandemic and it couldn't have gone better! Tucked behind a large circular wooden door, you're ushered into a quiet and cozy sushi bar. During covid, they have erected glass walls between tables/seats to ensure you feel protected throughout the experience. I expected this to be distracting, but I barely even noticed it. I would definitely recommend making a reservation at the chef's counter so you get a front row seat to the action. Each reservation lasts 1:45 minutes exactly. 
In addition to the omakase menu there is an optional sake pairing. My one regret is that we didn't try that! Next time definitely. Now the menu is extensive, starting with a zensai (appetizer) bento box of assorted small bites (poached egg, shrimp, fish etc). It was beautifully presented. From there, we had the softest, perfectly cooked sea bass that just melted in our mouths. Next was a "hamburger" which was a delicious Japanese beef and egg sandwich. 
After all of these dishes, then the true omakase sushi experience begins. There were at least 10 different pieces with freshly grated wasabi. My favorites were the scallop, the fatty tuna, and the uni. I appreciated the variety and all of the fish was incredibly fresh. Finally, the meal ends with a miso soup and a dessert. 
My only critical comment is that I think it would have made more sense to serve the zensai, then the omakase sushi, and finally end with the sea bass and hamburger as these dishes were comparatively heavier. Otherwise, I was very pleased with the meal which left me very full and very happy. 
This is a great experience from beginning to end, but it's very pricey making it an ideal place for special occasions with one other companion. Can't wait until I have an excuse to go back!Perfection! This restaurant was on my bucket list and it didn't fail my expectations. The decor, perfect!  The owner was wonderful and has truly has an attention to detail with regards to COVID19 safety. You must have the menu pairing with sake. I've thought about the sushi and dining experience for dinner over two weeks since we dined. I pray you make it through this next Wave.I eat Sushi all around the world. I've eat sushi in Japan. This place is same quality as Japan. The owner/chef is from Japan. Amazing meal of the year !!!!Zenshi (appetizer) was cute. I liked the candied beans the most. And the poached shooter egg. 
Grilled Seasonal Fish With Seasonal Vegetable - the fish was quite salty. The veggies was a pickled leak(?) and a grilled shishito pepper which I really liked
Soy Koji Marinated Wagyu Beef - I liked this. And the sauce it came with.
SUSHI - favorite was the scallop and the handroll. Liked the temperature difference between the warm rice and cold fish. They were also not too heavy with the wasbi or sauce which is nice.
Tamago was a nice cakey texture and sweetness
Miso soup was SOOOOOOOOOO salty 
Dessert - macha pudding and a macha Pokey stick
The atmosphere was a bit intimidating when we first walked in. Everyone seated, the chef facing us, but no one talking. Once the food started rolling, it felt more relaxed.
The staff was friendly and helpful describing each dish and recommending how to eat them.It was my first time experiencing omasake and Hiroki made it so perfect. Every dish was delicious and beautifully crafted. I also tried the sake pairing. It was $65 each person. Oh wow each sake was served perfectly to compliment different dishes. 
Our table of 2 was really lucky as we were the only table booked at 6pm on Thursday. The 8pm slot was fully booked though. Because of that, we had the whole restaurant to us. How awesome it was  
I would recommend this place to anyone who is interested in omasake for special occasions. It is $180 per person and 20% tip is included in the bill as well.Went to Hiroki this past Sunday during the snowstorm. We had the first seating at 5:45pm and We weren't sure if reservations would be canceled due to the inclement weather but they called two hours beforehand to confirm that it was still on. We sat in one of the greenhouses which was warm and cozy and very cute. Service was really nice despite the fact that the servers had to trek back and forth in the snow. The food was delicious and timing of each dish was perfect. Each plate was consolidated and portions were slightly increased to meet the time restrictions due to COVID and accommodate for the later seating. The hot dishes were still hot (temperature wise) which I loved. Unfortunately you cannot get the sake pairing when sitting outdoors but you can order bottle service. I would highly recommend. I will definitely want to try again next time to try indoors which does seem quite small. I actually wouldn't mind sitting in the greenhouse again even post COVID.Would I recommend it? No. It is outrageously priced for the forgettable dishes. I will say they did have a waygu foie gras patty that was amazing. The nigiri all tasted the same and the beer pricing was unbelievable. I'm a huge craft beer fan and if you think a Japanese beer should cost $18 then by all means this is the place for you. I appreciate and can recognize the skill that goes into the dishes but you can find far better food around the city. Went here for a special occasion and I really wish I had picked somewhere else. The hostess was the single ray of sunshine in this otherwise robotic experience. The waiting staff could easily be replaced with a conveyor belt system. Got a drink next door while we were waiting for our table and the atmosphere and food there looked far more enjoyable.
I feel a lot of the high reviews fall into the psychology of if I just spent this much money, then it must have been good. Which, sadly, happens quite a bit.
Recommendation: Look elsewhere or grab half a grand and flush it down the toilet.We booked Hiroki as soon as we saw reservations opened and we are so glad we did!  This was not just a dinner but an experience, an excellent one that left us wanting to return again and again.  From the moment you step in front of the beautiful circular door to the time you leave, you are treated with excellent service. 
The first thing I have to note is that we chose to sit at the bar---This was the best decision.  If you have any interest in how meticulous the chef and staff are in the preparation of your meal, sit here.  If you want to watch their knife skills, sit here.  If you want to be mesmerized as to how they continue the flow of the meal, sit here.  This added to the experience in a way that I cannot fully describe.  I would even sit here as a group of 4, yes there is potential for less group conversation, but the interaction with staff is so vitally important to this meal.  To be able to watch them prepare your course and then offer it to you immediately afterwards is an experience in and of itself.
The meal itself was incredible and it is hard to put into words how great it truly was.  You honestly need to go and experience it for yourself.  Everything was meticulously well prepared and even pieces I normally wouldn't try I found very impressive.  
Great addition to the Philadelphia sushi and Japanese food scene.I sat on this review for a while because given the other reviews, our experience seems wildly atypical. But Hiroki has come up in conversation multiple times in the past few weeks to the point that for the two of us who dined there, it's taken on a mythos as the biggest and most expensive disappointment we've had in a long time.
So the good: our server was friendly, the meal was well-paced, and everything was presented beautifully - every plate was different and the clay looked hand-molded. We also got to choose which glasses we'd use for our sake, which was kind of fun. The restaurant's decor is stunning, from the moon gate door that serves as the entrance to the natural wood elements and visually arresting photographs inside. The sushi rice is nicely seasoned and the consistency is correct. The tamago is the cake kind, which I prefer, and they do it pretty well.
Now the bad: many of the sushi courses just had no flavor. I'm the type who normally eschews soy sauce when eating sushi, so it's saying something when I actually wished we'd been provided with soy sauce. Looking at other people's photos, it looks like some of the fish was supposed to come brushed with sauce; a bunch of ours arrived dry or with so little sauce, the flavor was undetectable. 
Also, the fish was incredibly basic. I understand that the East Coast has more limited access to Pacific fish, but for $135, I do expect to see variety beyond what the typical sushi joint has to offer. Probably the most unique dish we saw was the tile fish with toasted scales - and that was memorable in its preparation as opposed to the type of fish. Otherwise, we received two courses of bluefin tuna (one of which was actually very good but felt like too little too late after a lackluster meal), unagi, standard red snapper, salmon, and squid, a few under-seasoned slices of surprisingly tough "wagyu beef", and one portion of sashimi that was overpoweringly, unpleasantly fishy - it was the course immediately following the zensai and really just set the tone for the rest of the meal.
The two of us went through the whole dinner optimistically thinking that with the next plate, they would turn the corner and we would finally understand why so many others love this place. It did not happen. One part of me wants to give Hiroki another try, but then another part counters that spending another $135+ just to see if the Emperor was in fact wearing clothes seems gratuitous when Philly has so many other fantastic food options that never disappoint.