I come here once in a while when I'm in the area.
Great local chain with fresh ingredients.
Service is ok. Hit or miss but usually miss.
Try their stir fry or salad. Can't go wrong!First visit and two thumbs up for a way better alternative to convenience stores deli's and fast-food!  Then why not 5 stars?  I had the Pesto Stir Fry with shrimp & chicken. After fumbling through the ordering kiosk, I was able to place the order and pay.  Then the wait... 14 minutes seems like an eternity when sitting in those hard & unmoveable window stools.  It would be helpful to figure out a better place for folks waiting for take-out. 
The stir-fry​ itself was good. It had way too many peas so I'll be sure to omit them next time.  The shrimp was what I expected. The chicken on its own was bland.  I passed on checking out the free condiments but wish I didn't​. The dish needed more.  
Overall a very good alternative.I loved when Honeygrow came to University City, but today is my last time going.  Twice now the noodles in my stir fry have been under cooked, and several times I have barely been given any veggies, and I usually pay the extra for more options - one time I only had 2 pieces of broccoli.  
Today, in addition to under cooked noodles (they were also clumped and stuck together with no sauce), I used the mobile order ahead option, and got there about 5 minutes early.  I saw a bunch of orders done sitting on the shelf waiting for lids - and realized 10 minutes later one of those orders was mine - I got it after watching it sit there for 12 minutes and become cold before it was given a lid and put on the counter in line to be bagged.  I almost asked for a refund - wish I had - not only was it cold, it was completely under cooked.  What a disappointment.I've visited this Honeygrow several times in the past couple months, as I was very excited about a new restaurant opening in University City that is explicitly vegetarian / vegan friendly. I've been quite happy with the food, until today.  As usual, I got one of the vegan options with tofu and red curry, and headed back to the office to enjoy it with my colleagues.  Halfway through the box, I start chewing something that feels a bit funny, and pull out a big chunk of CHICKEN, in what is supposed to a be a *vegan* meal.  
I went back to explain what had happened and ask for a refund, and the team starts cooking the order again.  I explain that I don't want a redo, as I'm feeling ill from inadvertently eating meat, and the front staff fetches someone to process a refund. They then process the refund without saying a single word.
I understand that things like this happen by accident sometime, but at no point did anyone offer *any* sort of apology. If you choose to eat meat, you'll probably do well here, but if you're veg, I suggest checking your order before biting in, to avoid any nasty surprises.Salad/noodle/yogurt fast casual restaurant. Great eats, but definitely on the expensive side, as these salad joints tend to be. Wish they offered the ability to order online, pick up in store. Tends to be a zoo around lunch.Boooooooooooo!!!!! They need to figure out how to get food TO customers.  I ordered my food and after waiting over 20 minutes, I just left.  The size of the crowd did not seem like there was going to be much wait.  The ridiculous thing is, other places (like WaWa) will actually give you a free meal or discount your order if you end up waiting more than 10 minutes.  I have never been impressed by the order completion time, but this one takes the cake.  Never leave hungry people waiting! Or at least give them an estimate of when their food will be ready.  I could have DONE things in 20+ minutes.I always walk by in the evening and its so full but I guess because of the holidays it was not that full in the last few days so I decided to get in and give it a try. I tried LEMON MISO TAHINI but with shrimp instead of chicken. It was really amazing.  Although I hope they can provide smaller sizes for the meal as it was too big for dinner otherwise I really liked it. Definitely will come back.Food is usually good here, but the wait is always way. too. long. If you're looking for a quick lunch, look elsewhere. A simple salad usually takes about 20minutes, and that doesn't include the time you'll spend waiting in line to order. On top of all that, they don't have enough room to keep everyone waiting for their order, so you'll end up lingering somewhere between the door and the trash cans. Uncomfortable and slow.honeygrow is one of the places that I crave occasionally, and is a pickup and go kind of place. They have automated ordering screens, which is nice and let's you customize your meal. During rush hour though, it's pretty swamped with Penn students so try to avoid that time if you can! 
I can only speak food wise for the stir fries, since that is what I get every time, but it is to note they have salad options as well. You get to pick a protein, base, as well as vegetables, toppings and a sauce for your dish. The stir fry is flavorful for sure (maybe a little overpowering at times?), and I would recommend choosing "less" for the sauce amount, as it tends to get drenched with sauce. 
Overall, it's a decent, quick meal, but in my opinion a little pricey (around $10 or more) for the food, especially considering the vast array of other food options around University City.I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this Honeygrow ever since Zagat featured it's debut. It was crowded and hectic.  One staff person had to shout out ticket numbers among impatient diners and background music.  I bet she's hoarse at the end of the day - has to be a better way of voice amplification.   I mistakenly thought I heard my number twice and maneuvered through erect bodies to the counter only to be told, "Not yet!".  I could hardly hear.  :(  Anyway, I decided to try the egg white noodles stir fry knowing darn well that the yolk is the richest and best part of the egg and to leave such a luxurious food item out is to deny the complexity and flexibility of a natural gift.  The noodles were quite rubbery.  The sesame garlic sauce was yummy albeit watery.  So, I'll try again but with a different noodle.  I like the idea of manifest destiny in the form of create your own stir fry but not with characterless noodles.  :)This is one of my favorite places. The food is well priced, healthy options, fresh and delicious. It gets really crowded at lunch to be prepared for a little wait. I wish they had more seating. It can be challenging to sit down and eat. You would be better off having a plan to take it to go. Ordering is easy. You order from a computer, however, if you have never been you might have to ask for assistance. Well worth the figuring out.I can't say enough good things about Honeygrow. We stopped by today after a meeting. I have been wanting to tray for some time now. We're sure glad we did.
This was our first time here, we were greeted by a young lady. She was extremely helpful and walked is through the menu. My wife went with the spicy soy rice bowl with tofu. The tofu was seasoned well but was a bit too chewy for my liking. The dish was seasoned well and was a very large serving. She paid to have broccoli add but it didn't make it in there. My wife was very happy with it. I went with the spicy garlic stir fry. I added shrimp, mushrooms, bean sprouts and subbed the parsley for cilantro. This dish was fantastic! I had a craving for Asian food without all the heaviness and grease. Unfortunately my mushrooms didn't make it to the dish. 
This location is located on a college campus in the city, so parking can be tough. The location was clean and the staff was very friendly. It's a bit on the expensive side but I think it's worth it. We will be back! 4 stars all day.Terrible experience. Tastes soggy, wait was like 30 minutes, there was no where to sit and it was extremely crowded and loud. Not going back, especially because this wasn't worth it even with the $5 discount.TERRIBLE. 
Service is PAINFULLY SLOW AND IRRESPONSIBLE. 
For the 2nd time in a row, this location has omitted ingredients from my order. The first time the left out green beans from my "Sweet Soy Five Spice" stirfry order basically leaving me with rice and ground meat. The second time they left out the goat cheese and cranberries from my "Fall the Things" salad. BOTH OCCASIONS THE STAFF FAILED TO SAY ANYTHING. When I brought the issue to the staffs attention they informed me they were out of those ingredients. WHY WOULDN'T YOU INFORM CUSTOMERS? Especially when you make them wait 20 minutes for a SALAD. 
WILL NOT BE BACK.Love the fresh taste of this place! You order just like you would order a hoagie at wawa and you just wait for your food. The only reason complaint I have about this place is the interior. It gets pretty crowded/stuffy easily and there aren't enough wait area/seatings. It's easily my favorite take out place in university city.I don't understand!! So many strong reviews for a place that serves low-calorie stir-fry for usually more than $9. You guys do understand that usually stir-fry is dirt cheap AND there are larger portions? 
I came here for dinner with a friend, spent more than I was expecting considering that it was stir-fry, and still left hungry. Maybe the point I'm missing is that everything is around 500 calories here, which I suppose is pretty impressive. Then considering that you order yourself at a touch screen and there's close to no service, I have to rethink. For $9 I want more than a Chinese take-out box of noodles that I can find anywhere else for much less.Easy to order and good quality food. Tasted fresh and healthy! also good quality bathrooms.Food is pretty good. It's fresh and a little difference from similar concepts I've enjoyed. I've had both a salad and a noodle bowl but the time of day I am usually able to pop in has precluded me from getting a honey bowl. Even though it looks great. 
The self serve kiosks for ordering and payment are great. But I will say the actual staff you enounter could use some some customer service training. Any place where I get scolded by a staff member looses a star!I got egg white noodles and red coconut curry with scallions, chili flakes, fried shallots, broccoli, snow pea, and spiced turkey. Really good!This is one of my favorite restaurants! The options are so abundant and so yummy and fresh. The people helping are always so kind and patient with us. There are so many options and not only are they delicious they are healthy! By far my #1 goto when I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook, but I'm still being decently healthy with my food choices!One of my favorite lunch spots. However, it can get very busy during lunch hour.
Stir-fry: I like to customize my order and it tends to take longer to make so I order on my mobile app ahead of time so I can just pick up my food and go. I usually get the egg noodle stir-fry, and I find the portion sizes to be pretty big and very filling. The food is relatively healthy and not high in calories, which is a plus. My favorite stir-fry flavor is sesame garlic. The coconut one is bland so I wouldn't recommend. 
Honey bar: It's essentially honey (you choose one from the 3 different types they offer) and some fruit and toppings. You have to pay extra to add yogurt or whipped cream. With the basic setting + yogurt, it comes out to be around $7 and I think it's very overpriced. 
Cold-pressed juices: I tried the green one and I liked it but I found it pretty pricey.Before Honeygrow came to University City, the first location I visited was the one in Center City on 16th Street off Chestnut after a family friend raved specifically about their Honeybar.  They always feature suggested stir-fry and salad options, but the best part of the experience is being able to create your own! I love customizing my own stir-fry (I usually opt for chicken and rice noodles with mushrooms, carrots, and edamame) and especially love the Honeybar--preselected or custom-selected fruits drizzled with your choice of honey and a few toppings (whipped cream and chocolate chips are my favorite!).  Honeygrow is starting to pop up all over Philadelphia, but it's super convenient to have one right in University City and I hope it goes nowhere!This is a great place if you're coming from the gym or need something on the go. I stopped here for the first time after the gym after deciding between Chipotle or something that would not make me sh*t my brains out, and stumbled upon this. 
honeygrow has great choices. You can order stir fry or salad, and add as many toppings as you want (not for free though!). I have been here three times and have ordered the stir-fry all three times. You will find yourself spending $11.00-15.00 per order, but it comes at a good value. Only once have I finished the entire thing, and that was after a workout. What I've ordered: the make your own stir-fry with the sweet soy sauce with shrimp, cashews, pineapple, sesame seeds, egg noodles, egg, broccoli, and mushrooms. The first time I had it it was incredible. Tons of shrimp, pineapple, broccoli, etc. 
The second and third visit were not as good as my first visit. They skimped hard on the shrimp (and chicken on the second visit). The third visit, today, there were only three pieces of shrimp, two pieces of pineapple, and two pieces of broccoli - the rest was just noodles. 
A decent place, but definitely not constant. Also, it gets pretty busy during peak lunch time, so get there early!Walking in, I was very impressed by their layout and method of ordering. Seemed very user-friendly. We could explore our options ourselves and take our time at each kiosk. 
Unfortunately, their credit card machines weren't working, so we had to pay at the cashier. Which was fine, but that gave us a chance to interact with the cashier who was rude and very short with us. She couldn't offer me change for my large bill even though they had opened for an hour already. And she responded with, "I can't take that. We LITERALLY just opened." Ok rude. 
We got the sesame garlic and roasted tomato miso kale salad. Sesame garlic was too salty - surprising for seeming to be a health-centered restaurant. Salad was as expected, though we added some roasted Brussels and maybe saw 5 Brussels leaves in the salad. Only .45 but how unsatisfying. The food was a bit over-priced for the size and their soda machine was also out of service - sorry not going to pay even more for your overly priced green juice. 
The food was good and design looked so modern, but man hire people with some customer service skills. The cashier couldn't even handle a 20 second interaction. Overall, not satisfied with our experience here.Pros: Reliable, Consistent, Efficient/Fast, Healthy, Trendy
Recommend: All their salads are excellent. I especially love their wheat noodles. I love Mexican cola. (too bad they don't have water cups anymore lol). Clean bathrooms, seems like good management, & welcoming employees. 
Cons: LONG LINES during peak hours, stir-fries look better than they taste. (I think this is because the chefs are trying to pump out orders quickly so that all the flavors aren't cooked into the food and you kind of get bland or uneven tastes.) Small/limited seating area--although I think this is fine since most people grab it to go anyways. 
I personally think that it's overpriced for what it is, but the restaurant has to pay employees and make money and I need to grab food to go, so....I am a frequent visitor to Honeygrow as it is only one block away from the University and the concept seems modern and interesting. It used to be good when it first opened.
However, in the recent 3-4 months I found that they have gradually reduced the portion of the stir-fry. I just had a dinner tonight and ordered a sesame garlic dish with $9.95 + tax. The portion literally didn't reach 3/4 of the container. I felt cheated as in the old days they always filled to the brim!
Not sure whether I would go back to this business if I have to stay hungry after coming out of the door.
[Update: I was responded by the management team soon after I posted my review and later received an email from the manager, Christina, on the following Monday. She agreed that it was unacceptable and apologized with a free meal. I was impressed by their prompt action and the fact that they actually care their customers. I changed my review from 2 stars to 4 stars.]I love honeygrow don't get me wrong, but there is definitely room for improvement at this location. 
The food has been consistently good so they definitely have the kitchen system down when it comes to making correct orders! 
The lunch rush is hectic and I totally sympathize but they seem to be making it harder on themselves. For starters, the music is so ridiculously loud that you can not hear your number from any table or even standing by the drinks area. 
With 10-15 people waiting for food its not like you can guess when your order will be ready. Recently I ended up waiting an extra 10 minutes because I didn't hear my number and it was never repeated. Once I heard numbers 5 above my order number I decided to investigate and found my order sitting there on the counter.
Just be prepared to wait, and fight a crowd to try to see if your order is getting cold on the counter.
**Apparently they do have a screen but this was my first visit so I had no clue and since you use a computer to order, no one directs you to look at the screen.Great location on Penn's campus for fresh and healthy food! Service is always great and the food is delicious. Sesame garlic sauce is my go to. Always a great fast choice that makes you feel good about what you're putting into your body. Would definitely recommend!Brooo their portions have significantly been reduced. I used to share a takeout stir fry but now its in a tiny bowl no joke. Also this location usually NEVER disappointed. But the past two times I've been, they gave the most rubbery and cold noodles EVER. I had to chew each bite for a good twenty mins????? y tho????? Anyways, it's super sad you can't get "extra sauce" anymore because I always relished in that option. I'm starting a hashtag; #bringbackextrasauce. 
Also they only put like three broccoli and like four mushrooms and maybe like 5 jalapeño pieces in my bowl???? Honeygrow, what are you doing? I have been super super duper disappointed with Honeygrow especially this location and University City one. I think they need to re-evaluate their standards and bring better food quality. What happened here? 
Wait can I go back to the portion rant???? It usually took me like an hour to finish their takeout box portion before and now it took me like 10 mins to finish the new bowl portion. And no I wasn't HUNGRIER today. This is an issue, humph. They really need to bring back the takeout boxes. Maybe uneed to make a hashtag for that too??????What a disgrace the portions are at this location.  I paid over $10.00 for order number 109607 which was 4 lettuce leaves, 5 pieces of roast pork, 3 pieces of kale, no mushrooms nor spinach which was ordered.  It was floating in juice.  I'm very disappointed with this location and it's highway robbery what you are charging customers.  Use this location several times prior when the containers were different and a customer got what they were paying for. This is actual robbery.  I will not be a honegrow customer any longer.I see your rating has been going down steadily since you opened. I used to be a regular until too many of my trips there were messed up by being under cooked, having missing ingredients or none at all, or being cold. I think it's great that you reply to everyone's reviews but you really should think about changing up the same copy and pasted response you give to each. Does anyone really reply to you? Think about making some real changes to the establishment instead of giving canned responses to people's reviews and maybe you'll gain back some customer base.Honeygrow, more like HoneySLOW.
This is what I tweeted out of frustration after dining at this establishment. While they were very quick to respond to my tweet, the fast-casual joint is simply not fast. 
Honeygrow is an interesting concept, you do not have to speak to anyone over the course of your entire dining experience, pretty cool ordering interface. However, the actual food is overpriced and somewhat inconsistent. Your meal is delivered to you in a Chinese takeout container. This packaging choice showed clear oversight on behalf of the management, as the sauces incorporated into the stirfry allow the container to drip and deteriorate over the course of your meal. There is also never enough protein put into the stirfry, a clear effort by the management to cut costs, and not appreciated by me, the guest. They also have a cool dessert option called Honeybar, this is a 5.25 small fruit salad with a drizzle of honey served in a bowl. To explain just how small this is, it is roughly the size of a Ben and Jerry's small ice cream cup. Another large gripe I have is that the space is very awkward after you order. While there are roughly 15 other people waiting in a mob for their orders while wedged between a soda fountain and a garbage can, it makes the atmosphere remarkably unpleasant.
If I had to send another tweet, it would be "I'm going to SweetGreen instead #HoneySLOW"
In sum, this place has slow service when it is at all busy, prices that are unreasonable, and a very inhuman, capitalist feel.First visit at honeygrow and I really enjoyed the experience! The restaurant is very trendy and the touchscreen ordering is cool! I ordered the spicy garlic stir fly and replaced the red onions with mushrooms. I honestly didn't expect the noodles to be as spicy as it did, but I can't complain. Sister has ordered the red coconut curry and said it was a bit on the bland side. Service was okay, hope to come back to try something mild.This place serves an excellent stir fry. Each of the three times I've gone to Honeygrow, I've ordered the build your own stir fry and mixed and matched ingredients. I'm into the candied cashews and pork, they are great choices. 
Both the salads and the stir frys are filled to the brim with healthy ingredients...and most importantly...they are cheap! My order was 7.95. Not bad for a health foods restaurant in Philadelphia. 
Lines are very long during lunch hours, so expect to wait a bit of a wait if you're looking for a midday meal.I've been to honeygrow on several accounts, the food has always been good, but tonight i was in the area and stopped by to grab some dinner. They were busy and it seemed they were maybe understaffed. I waited patiently for my food but when my number was finally called the young woman at the counter just slid my food up to the front, even tho it was to go it wasn't bagged, I had to bag my own food which I thought was kind of weird even though the woman that got her food before me was handed her food in a bag.Incredibly slow service. Waiting over 25 minutes to get my order. This is not fast food3.5/5. portions are big and the food is alright but for some reason i never feel satisfied after eating at honeygrow. there's always a lot of people here so you have to wait a while for food but the honeybar is the saving quality of this joint. it's a little overpriced but listen to me the honeybar is such a good concept and it's deliciousThe food isn't bad, but it kinda fails with regards to bang for the buck. I'm not sure if it's just the design of the bowl or something, but it seems so much smaller than salads at comparative establishments. BUT the costs are the same and/or higher. Also, come on, why be so skimpy on the salad dressing? 
Location is the main plus (especially when you're a student at GSE), but most of the times that I pay for a salad there, my main thought is, "Why didn't I just walk that two extra blocks for Sweetgreen?!"
I do like how versatile it is (options for salad or stir fry), and that it's pretty quick with the automated check out system. Also, it feels clean and the people are friendly, so I suppose I wouldn't rule it out all the way.No idea how this place got three stars - food is banging - and the choices are awesome - we need a place like this in SoCal.A little pricey for the amount of food, but that's what you get when you have a restaurant marketed as healthy and locally sourced. You can create your own stir fry. Highly recommend the chicken as well as the coconut curry sauce, was delicious! However, the honey bar is overrated and just an expensive price for some fruit and honey.I used to come here just about every day for lunch because the food was good and fairly quickly prepared. My most recent experience left a horrible taste in my mouth (both literally and figuratively). I waited over 35 minutes for a stir-fry and when I got it the package was half-empty and everything inside was completely burnt. Will not be coming back here - several better and quicker options nearby.This place should not exist. Nobody should wait more than 30 mins for their food at any restaurant. So much sugar in the sauce that it feels like I'm getting diabetes.04/06/18 My first time at honeygrow and I already want more.  This concept is awesome. I love the ordering kiosks as it cuts down on the long lines like Chipotle has. 
This location is across from the University of Penn's Wharton School. Street Parking is $2.50 for an hour. 
Being a new pescatarian I'm glad they had shrimp so that I didn't have to get chicken. I got the Sweet Soy Five Sauce with shrimp, white noodles, onions, broccoli, and green peppers. I added some red flakes even though I should've asked for light as it was rather spicy. 
The flavor of the Sweet Soy 5 Sauce was great. Balanced and sweet with spicy. Extra shrimp brought the meal to about $14 not including the drink which I thought was a little pricey but still good. 
I'm from Baltimore so I'll try a Baltimore location next time.Honestly this place has great food but the service is awful. I will place an order HOURS in advance for a time and it will still take them until 15 minutes after my pickup time. Also, they always take forever even if you order there.The location of this lunch spot is ideal for anyone who works or studies in Center City daily. The best part about it is that it is so central to all of my daily activities so that at least once a week I feel that I can stop in and treat myself to a healthy and delicious lunch. My go to order is an egg noodle stir fry with the curry sauce, and it feels so much better in my body than greasy food truck alternatives. It's a little on the pricey side for a daily lunch, so I save it for my once a week treat. It also tends to get pretty crowded around lunch hour, so I like to stop in a little early and get my lunch to go.I have been here twice so far in the first two weeks that it has been open and both times I ordered custom stir-fry. The food is absolutely delicious, very filling and healthy. I used the nutrition chart on the website and was pleasantly surprised at how few calories were in each of my meals.
The first time I went with a friend for lunch a few days after it opened, and it was packed. My friend got a salad and hers was ready in just a few minutes while I waited nearly a half hour. This was annoying but the food made the wait worth it. This is definitely going to be a popular lunch spot on Penn's campus.
The second time I went for dinner at about 5:30pm and there were just a few people waiting ahead of me. My stir-fry was ready in just about 5 minutes and it was once again amazing.
The prices are comparable to other places nearby and the portion sizes are large.
I'll definitely keep coming back!Worst restaurant ever! Have tried them twice through Caviar and they have neglected to put the chicken that I pay an upcharge for on my salad. No focaccia bread which I also have paid for was never received...and this most recent order the salad did not have goat cheese or cranberries in it as the description states. How lazy can you seriously be???I loved this place! The food was fresh, portions were just right, and the kiosk way of ordering was organized and enjoyable. Will definitely go again next time I'm in university city.I come here often because it allows mobile order ahead of time. But today it's just disappointing. When I made the mobile order, the app told me it's gonna be ready at ~19:52. But when I got there, it actually took them 35 more min to prepare the order. And when I finally got the food it smelt burnt! Really frustrated.Really disappointed...made an account just so I could write this review. I went earlier today because I was craving yogurt, and heard Honeygrow had some pretty good yogurt. 
They messed up my order the first time and gave me chocolate chips when I didn't ask for any, and then threw the whole thing away. That's such a waste of food! I wasn't super upset they messed up my order - I was more upset at the fact that they promote such wasteful practices. 
Then I went home and was really excited to eat, but I realized there was no yogurt. I made my order thinking that the yogurt was included, but really a honeybar is just a bowl of fruit with honey...I wish they would have been more clear that the honey bar isn't a parfait because otherwise I would have never paid close to $6 for a bowl of fruit with honey drizzled on it. Such a complete rip off.Got this two more times with two other sauces - the sesame garlic and the red coconut curry. They were both really good! (much better than the miso tahini, more flavor and lighter)Totally messed up my order for the third time (after waiting in line 25 min). Skipped half of the ingredients and didn't put any dressing on. It's just an $11 pile of leaves!
EDIT: just found a little dead fly at the bottom of the bowl (and reducing from 2 stars to 1)Hotel Concierge sent me here for a "quick salad." I ordered fast enough via their computer systems when I walked in, but proceeded to wait for almost 40 minutes while ONE girl made all of the salads and 5 employees stood around the grill and chatted. Horrible customer service and the food wasn't even worth it. Don't waste your time!I love Honeygrow so much! The food is delicious, the place is clean, I love it! I would recommend Honeygrow to anyone!I typically eat at Honeygrow for a quick stir-fry but today I wanted to try the salad. I ordered the salad through Caviar for pick up (to avoid the lines) and I received a bug in my food. I had already eaten half way through the salad when I noticed it. I don't understand how a salad place does not thoroughly wash and examine their produce before serving it to people. Definitely not ordering from here again. Luckily because I ordered with Caviar, I received a full refund and credit for their site. Not a good look.Really like the decor of this place and whenever I would walk by, the place would be jammed with people - normally an indication of quality and satisfaction.
First walked in and was confused because the menu on the wall was void on prices (indicative of expense). At this point I noticed the touch screens to place my order. The ordering process was modern, trendy, and convenient (once you get used to it). 
I ordered a custom stir-fry to-go. I was not a fan of the way it was packaged. It reminded me of your standard Chinese take-out where they over stuff the container, making it hard to eat out of. That being said, the food quality was not overly greasy like your typical Chinese take-out; so there's that.***UPDATE 11/16/16***
I emailed management at cometogether@honeygrow.com, as requested, on 11/4/16. I have yet to hear anything back.
Original Review:
I've been attending grad school at Penn for the past few months and finally decided to give this place a chance after seeing all the undergrads around campus with Honeygrow's cute little takeout boxes. I wasn't impressed with the food and wait time, but I could have gotten past that. The customer service I experienced was extremely disappointing. 
I walked into Honeygrow with 10 minutes until my class. There was only two people ahead of me in line, so I figured it wouldn't take long. The servers and cooks behind the counter -- I counted 11 people-- were clearly all friends and so preoccupied with talking to one another, texting, running into the back room to check their phones, and generally not working that I waited a full 15 minutes before inquiring about my food. I noticed two orders had been prepared and set on the counter, waiting to be packaged up. When I very politely asked if one of them was mine, the main female employee who seemed to be responsible for running the kitchen, retorted, "I don't know your number, do I?" and walked away.  Thank you to another female employee who noticed this exchange and kindly packaged my order (which, by this time, had been sitting on the counter for 5 minutes). All in all, it took 20 minutes to receive my order. The food was lukewarm and mediocre. I don't  usually like to write Yelp reviews, but I felt I was treated rudely without reason and that's just not good customer service. I will not be returning.Been here many times and I must say, the potions are getting smaller. I asked for extra and my food was saturated. Never again.When I walked in the place was very modern. So at first I thought that it was going to be a health or a vegetarian restaurant. But I was so wrong.
We got there expecting it to be like fast food almost like McDonald's or Burger King and it sorta was with how fast it came out. Be it was like a sit down hibachi restaurant. My mother has a food allergy that doesn't allow her to eat wheat and she said that she could go there and we were cautious with going there because we have never eaten there and we told them that she was a special dish. And they said that they would take care of it. And then later we over heard some commotion and found out that they made hers the regular way, and we were nervous and mad but then right away they got us up there and they were talking to us trying to figure it out and they did and they were very nice about it. The food was way past my expectations. I gave it a 4 out of 5 for the mix up and the prices because they were a little high but, I would come here again.Both the salad and the honey bars are pretty good. The ingredients are fresh, nutritious and delicious. The green goodness sauce in the salad is also great. Anyway, if there is no long line, it would be a good place to dine~The automated ordering screens are definitely cool and allow you to easily customize. However, since they remove any human interaction the workers feel no need to be polite and so they aren't. I politely asked someone if there was wifi and they said "yeah but it ain't free and ya can't use it" and then glared at me like I was bothering them. Compared to sweet green up the street the customer service is night and day. Sweet green also has better salads so I always prefer going there.We ordered university city Honeygrow off of caviar, and we received our order but did not receive the sauces on the side and our stir-frys were dry. I called Honeygrow and Candice picked up and said that Caviar would not come back to deliver it but she would make us our order again and personally walk it over after her shift at 10 pm! She did and we were so thankful for that :) she took the time after her shift to make sure we had what we needed! Great customer service!!Today I hoped would be better as I ordered ahead on the app. The app itself is not the best and freezes a lot but I managed to place an order. It was ready very quickly but was missing ANY meat. Not a single piece of chicken (that may I remind you costs $2.50). I took my food to-go as most students would so I couldn't just go to the counter to fix it. I checked my order to make sure I didn't mess up but I did pay for and order chicken. This is my second issue in two visits at this location and doesn't inspire me to go back.Honeygrow, C'mon!!! The wait is painful enough now customers have to wait for a smaller portions in a smaller bowl for the same price.  Who in Honeygrow-land thought that this "new" bowl was a good idea? Any sauce evaporates into the bowl, the food is cold and the portions are small.  Please let me know when you return to decent sized boxes.I really like the salads here, but I'm so disappointed with the service. Twice, I found an ingredient missing from my salad, and I don't even come that much -- I wonder what it must've been like if I had come here more often and find food constantly missing from my salads (and thus I would've paid for more than what they were worth)... 
Just today, I ordered whole wheat noodles salad (with all the standard ingredients, including shrimp, cashews, etc.). When I got home, I found no shrimp in my salad and am really annoyed by this. I am not walking all the way back to Honeygrow to get shrimp. The whole wheat noodles salad is the most expensive salad on the menu, and I know the shrimp was worth like $3, so I feel cheated. 
I am not trusting the servers anymore -- from now on, I will always check my food to make sure they put ALL the ingredients that I asked for. It's really annoying and frustrating that Honeygrow is making so many mistakes with my orders...Tasty stir-fries and salads - very wholesome and healthy ingredients too. However, a bit pricey. The salads are smaller and I think I like Sweetgreen's better, but they have more filling options like the stir-fries. I love their fruit bowls too with the honey and dollop of yogurt, but they are way overpriced at more than $5 for a tiny cup with a few slices of fruit. I love the touchscreen kiosk order stations though - ordering is quick, low-pressure, and efficient. Gets really busy during lunch hour.The place gets crowded during meal hours and the seating is very limited. Had the spicy garlic stir fry and it was good, but it came with pretty much no chicken in it. I also ordered a la croix seltzer and never received it. Had already received my food and thrown out my receipt when I realized I didn't get the drink. Chalked it up as a donation instead of waiting on line to talk to someone about the mishap since I had to get back to work.Fresh ingredients make for good food. My new favorite spot. Everything I've had has been great.The stir-fry was really good, but they could use some additional assistance with keeping the tables and other areas clean. I'll order again, but probably just for takeout.Overpriced and overrated. I would give the food a 3/5, but combined with the prices, it bumps that down to a very solid 2. To Penn students - there are just so many better options near campus, whether it be other establishments or food trucks. I do not recommend coming here.
To give a little more detail, the salads here never have enough dressing to the point that I feel like I'm eating grass. Their stir-fry's are all extremely bland, especially the spicy garlic.
I will give them at least some credit for their honeybar. I like the different types of honey customers can choose from, and you can make a pretty good delicious dessert with different fruits and toppings. However, the honeybar is still unnecessarily expensive, and it's pretty absurd you have to pay extra for the yogurt. Honeygrow, you realize that without the yogurt, you are literally just giving people a super small cup of fruit, for like 7 dollars. Just take that in for a moment.I go here often for lunch, I love the freshness of the ingredients.  I get the same thing all the time.  I usually create my own stir fry dish with brown rice and whatever veggies I want added.  I have also tried the stir fry with the brown noodles and they're really good also.  The 11th street Philly location is always busy during lunch.  I always order online ahead of time and still wind up having to wait 5-10 minutes.  I waited about 25 min for my online pick up order one day and I was kinda pissed.  I complained and received a gift card in the mail from one of the HoneyGrow reps...ugh YAY! you have a repeat customer, thx HG!I've had to wait 20+ minutes for a Cobb salad on more than three occasions. Do not go here if you are in a hurry.First time here, was really optimistic the experience would be great, but unfortunately I left disappointed. I came in at 8:10pm on a Tuesday, no line to order, just a line of people waiting for food. It took 19 minutes from the time my order was placed to get my order. It seemed that some people had waited far longer than I did, and that part of the issue for myself and these others was that the queue was being served out of order. 
It would have been more okay if the salad I had ordered wasn't swimming in dressing and very light on chicken. I don't recall a very visible option on the menu to put the dressing on the side -- my mistake if there is such an option though.
I had been a semi-regular SweetGreen customer and must admit that even during peak times, SweetGreen delivered better on all of these issues. Perhaps this is growing pains, but it makes me not want to come back.Above average stir fry place with decent salad options.
Can create any kind of stir fry with ingredients available.Way to order food is unique and user friendly. Portions are pretty good. Not too costly.Sauces for stir fry are good.
Crowded during weekday lunch hours.Average service time. 
Good place.Definitely worth a try.Went to Honeygrow University City location after a long day of work. I wanted something quick, healthy and no fuss and I had come to know Honeygrow as a reliable alternative to cooking at home. 
I was so disappointed to find when I got home that the take out container was only half full! I've ordered the Coconut Curry multiple times before and they fill the take out container to the top. I saw the same complaint in an earlier review. Is the manager at this place or their corporate heads directing workers to shortchange customers? 
This is unacceptable for a dish that costs $11.00!! Not cool. I will not be going here again unless I'm assured this a mistake and not their new business model.We have been waiting for 40 minutes for a stir fry while this employee talked in her cell phone the entire time. UnacceptableThis one of the newer salad+ bars in the University City area...It is a little space, always bustling with students making the average lunch wait time reaching the half hour mark.
I, however, can happily wait for even an hour for a rather pricey menu, if the food tastes good...but sadly that's not the case here...
Honey, you need to step up your quality to grow!Look up overrated in the dictionary - you might find honeygrow. They have a near monopoly on the Penn undergrad market as the only food provider after certain hours. Food is alright but the prices are on the high side and the waits can be unbelievably long. 30 minutes for a simple stirfry. Unbelievable considering I came in non-peak hours. It's happened twice to me (I used to come occasionally). There will not be a third. 
The employees work hard here but honestly the restaurant is so poorly designed in terms of operational efficiency. Their only advantage is location. 
I wish the street carts were open late.I would've gave a 5 star review, but I do not agree with "fresh" smoothies being stored in a dispenser. If it's sold as freshly made, it shouldn't be spinning around in a machine all day. Not to mention how much those dispensers need to be sanitized in order to prevent bacteria. I hope they are always thoroughly cleaned! On to the food, I ordered a spicy garlic stir fry I substituted noodles for brown rice and loaded it with toppings. It was delicious! Wish I didn't get that questionable smoothie because I would've tried a honeybar instead. The service and experience was good overall despite that one issue.I really enjoy Honeygrow mostly for the stir-fry.  I have gotten salads a few times, they are good, but if I am going to come here and spend the money (it is a little pricey), I usually go for the stir-fry because I feel like I get a lot more for my dollar this way.  Plus the stir-fry is always delicious.
I usually get the build-your-own with:  egg noodle, either chicken or Shrimp, sometimes I add an egg, pineapple, spinach and some other veggies (depending on what I am craving at the time), fried shallots, and the red curry sauce.
I always enjoy my stir-fry and can never eat the whole thing, so I usually end up with leftovers for dinner.  In my mind, this kind of offsets the cost (between 12 and 14 dollars or so, depending on my choices) since I feel as though I get 2 meals out of the one.
You want to come here either when they open, or after 12:30 or you can way quite a while for your food.  Staff is friendly, but this place gets BUSY, especially when it is nice outside and classes are in session.  They do have mobile ordering though, so this would cut down the wait time.
My one main complaint, is they don't describe their sauces or dressings (at least not that I have seen), and everything is through a touch screen, so unless you are able to get a staff members attention, you might be ordering blindly.  I happened to find a sauce I really enjoy, but if I hadn't, or if I want to try another sauce, I wouldn't know the type of flavor I am looking at just by the names of the sauces.  It would be nice to have an idea of what each sauce is like written down somewhere, or someone that I can easily ask (if they are busy, it is rare to catch the attention of someone to ask).  In general, there could be a better system so there is someone readily available to answer questions for those in the process of ordering food.
I do like that they have pre-suggested menu items that you can change or you can build your own.  A great concept, and a filling meal.  Overall, a great place to get a decent salad or stir-fry!  A good alternative to many other places in the area.Using a touch screen to order? Genius! I'm a picky eater so being able to choose exactly what I wanted and not having to worry about anything unwanted in there was a plus. Also, for those who gets flustered when being asked too many questions at the cashier, you're okay! Everything seemed fresh and healthy, wasn't a heavy lunch overall. Great concept, good food. Finally glad I got to taste this place!Solid lunch spot for sure, they are always busy and there is reason why people keep going there. 
I prefer comfy, rustic ambiance over modern and fancy. And rather order my meal old fashion way over vending machine. Honey grow reminds me of cafeterias in Japan or HK. I get overwhelmed with all ordering through machine and it isn't so much fun for me.. Salad is delicious though but I like to put a lot of topping to make it yummier and m salad is usually around $12 and still doesn't fill me up!Eh, I don't know how much I liked it here.  I read that it can get crowded.  No problem, I'll go in at 2:15PM, after the lunch rush is over.  That didn't work.  When I walked in, it looked like a mosh pit full of people.  There's really no clear direction on where to stand or if there are lines or what goes on here.  I had to ask the people standing around me to figure out what to do.  People were standing all over and right over the people sitting at the tables, which is annoying for those who are seated.  I guess it's pretty convenient to put in your order on a touch screen and pay right at the terminal with a credit card.  It makes it fast, but that is where fast stops.  
I was with one of my coworkers who had a strict 30 minute lunch, timed by a time clock.  Unfortunately she wasn't even able to order and get her food within this timeframe....at 2:15PM.  It's not like we walked in at 12:00 PM on the dot. 
We both ordered stir fry and I ordered the honey bar.  Cute idea, but if you get both, it's going to cost you.  Almost $17.00 for "work lunch" seems like a lot to me.  After my coworker had to leave, I stayed and waited for our food, which finally came out.  It would also help if they displayed the numbers as they came up, so you'd have some type of idea of your place in line.
The honey bar was good but not filling.  The stir fry was pretty tasty!  I liked the sesame seeds and fresh jalapenos.
Maybe if I call in my order ahead of time, I'll come back sometime.I geeked out over being able to customize my salad so easily. Best salad. The fruit with honey and coconut flakes was also amazing.I've been here twice so far, and I just absolutely love it. I love the concept of "build-your-own-stir-fry" and this place does it so fabulously.
The ingredients always taste fresh, and I love all the options and the variety. The process is pretty quick too-- just select what you want through a monitor and your order will be ready in just a matter of minutes. My favorite part is all the sauces they offer. Everything sounds so good that I want to keep going back just so I can try all of the sauces. I also love that they have egg white noodles- so delicious! 
The one thing I'll say is that it is kind of expensive. The portion sizes are not humongous, and you kind of end up spending more than you would have imagined because you pay for the base and then pay more for additional ingredients you want added. With an extensive list of amazing ingredients and toppings, it's hard to restrict yourself!
Will definitely be coming back. In love!Today I stopped in around 12ish for lunch and decided to get a salad. One of your employees, I believe her name was maya is a great asset to your restaurant. Her customer service skills and timing on making my salad was on point. If everyone works as fast as her I'll definitely be coming back :) btw salad was delicious!Great spot for take out lunch or dinner!   Stir-Fry's are all pretty awesome and today I had the apple-cucumber-mint-honey smoothie as well.  It was equally delicious and tasted like it came straight out of the ground (I mean..good for you) (fresh).  I wish I could eat here more often but I usually have a stroller with me and space is limited.This concept rocks and so does this particular location when you're looking for an alternative to fast food or fast casual. The make-your-own salads are fantastic and full, love topping it w/falafal, and I have become a fan of the lemon tahini and green goddess dressings!My absolute favorite lunch spot--started going to Honeygrow in the spring and have eaten there at least once a week ever since. The line is frequently out the door to order at one of the kiosks but it goes quickly and the food is also prepared with a very short wait. I have to say I LOVE the kiosk style ordering, especially when doing a create your own salad or stir fry. It's easier and less pressure than yelling ingredients to someone and trying to see everything that's available. 
I've gotten salads and stir fry here and love both. I recommend the wheat or egg white noodles over the rice ones for stir fry and love the five spice soy sauce. Salads are equally enjoyable and there are tons of fresh and natural ingredients. 
One of the things i am most impressed by at honeygrow is the staff. For one thing, they make great quality food with care while being quick about it at the same time. Also, they all seem really proud of the food. Someone is stationed in the dining area who goes around making sure the customers are enjoying the food and helping people when they don't know where to go to pick up their meal.I miss my MSG! OK, make that salt. The touchscreens are a nice idea, though I can imagine the line they can form during rush hours. I ordered a stir-fry and a smoothie, and the thing that struck me wired, was that my smoothie was served at one end of the counter, and the stir-fry ended showing up at the other side of the counter.  Seriously now, why can't they just be served together, don't really care where on the counter- left side- right side or middle, but I found this a little bit confusing.Great to-go spot for lunch or dinner in Rittenhouse Square. 
I'm a big chopped salad fan and I love how you create and order your salad on touch-screen computers. It takes the pressure off of deciding on all of your toppings/mix-ins on the spot. 
Their customizable noodles always hit the spot too. 
Be prepared for a line out the door during lunch/dinner hours during the work week. Moves v quickly though.I stopped by for dinner on a Monday night, hoping for healthy options at a reasonable price. The seating is limited in this small joint. There was hardly room to queue to wait for my take out - if there'd been more seating and less noise I would have eaten in. I went for a custom stir fry. The food was tasty for sure but a bit greasy even with the light sauce option which was disappointing for somewhere that sells itself as healthy. The portions of veg and protein were super mean for the price. I wouldn't bother coming back given the other local options.Go here for the stir-fry. Unless you are one of those juice fanatics stay clear of the green smoothie. For around $7, the portion is small and the drink itself lacks sweetness and umph.I love Honeygrow so much. It is delicious :) veggie stir fry with tofu is my absolute fav. I crave it. I'm not even a big tofu fan and I love it. The sesame garlic is the absolute best :)HoneyGrow is great- the location is prime, (next to Steve's Prince of Steaks) so I can choose a healthier option for post-bar food.
The product is fantastic. The first time I came here, I ordered the Red Coconut Curry stir fry. I was overwhelmed with how many veggies they put in there- it was nice to know that even though you are paying top dollar (pretty expensive), you are getting what you paid for. My biggest pet peeve is when restaurants overcharge and leave you out to dry on the veggie front. 
The second time I ordered a salad- amazing pear parm dressing and the lettuce was very fresh.
The only qualm is my salad was pretty pricey for how small it was. It will set you back $10- however, I will return here. The stir fry is THAT good.I walkedin with the best intentions (salad) and walked out with a stir fry.  I really like the ordering process - touch screen, pick your ingredients, pay at the kiosk.  But after you order, you are kind of standing around in No Man's Land while waiting for your order.  I picked a stir fry with Asian-themed ingredients and the coconut curry sauce.  Price was close to 10 bucks....I expected a little more than I got.  It was "OK"....didn't really knock my socks off but I'm willing to go back and try another.Couldn't get into a breakfast place today o ended up here instead.  I liked the vibe...reminded me of that Korean wings place in NYC.  Healthy and easy ordering like your in a Wawa.  The food was fine but a little bland.  I had the chicken with five spice sauce and it barely tasted spiced.  I'll give it another try and amp it up.  I think this could make it into the lunch rotation once the weather gets better.  Overall not a bad concept or delivery.What's with society's obsession with soy sauce at Asian places?   I had gone to lunch around 1130am to beat the packed lines.  
I was happy to see that they had touch screen build your own salad/stir fry ingredients.  I had ordered a chicken, bok choy, onion, broccoli, shiitake mushroom, and Mongolian BBQ sauce stir fry.   The food came in a cardboard container (ironic since they're supposed to be green).  When I opened the box, I quickly realized that the order was all screwed up.   
It seems I had an order of Mongolian BBQ sauce with a side of the ingredients mentioned above.   Salt overload!!   
The service was great, but the meal was profoundly disappointing.Tried stir fry for the first time yesterday.  What arrived, after I had ordered noodles with shrimp and a variety of vegetables was a mass of gooey noodles with a FEW SMALL bits of vegetables and 3 small shrimp.  For over $12?  Never again!!  The salad bar looks fresh and perhaps salads are better--at least one can watch them being made.One of my good friends and I came here for lunch as we heard good things.  
Upon entering this place was PACKED.  There was barely enough room to stand, let alone sit.  There was a little bit of confusion where the line was to order.  I do like that there is a kiosk so you can just pick and choose what you want.  You can either order stir-fry or a salad.  We both went with salads.  
This food is quick, ordered by touch screen, casual, and the ingrediants are locally grown.  That being said, salads are pretty pricey - I think I paid $11 for a salad and it was pretty small.  I probably wouldn't be going back because of the price, size of salad, and how crowded it was.Atmosphere
- long lines, even at 1:30pm
+ despite the long lines, the food comes quickly after you order (~3-5 minutes)
+ cool machine ordering system; quick and easy to navigate
Food
+ my stir-fry concoction ($7.75) - chicken w/ egg noodles, (light) sesame garlic sauce, broccoli, red onions, baby bella mushrooms, cilantro & pickled cucumbers 
   - definitely go with light sauce if you're more sensitive to salt like I am, otherwise you'll be drinking a gallon of water to try to balance out your salt intake
   - noodles were clumped together at times, and were difficult to pull apart
   - the pickled cucumbers were REALLY pickled; a little too much for my taste
   - the overall stir-fry really is just average; nothing particularly special or unique
   + the grilled broccoli was great; my desperate attempt to "eat healthy" 
Overall, Honeygrow is good but not great. It tastes good when I eat it once in a while (and by once in a while, I mean once every couple of months), but it's not worth the extra effort to go out of your way for.In theory, this place should be amazing. I want to like it SO much but it's just impossible. I've been a handful of times (maybe 5 or 6) and I'm glad that the lines have finalyl gone down. Waiting 30 minutes for mediocre stirfry is not fun. Here are my opinions about this place.
1) It's inconsistent. Sometimes there is a lot of sauce with the stir-fry, sometimes theres not enough at all. Sometimes the sauce is thick, sometimes its watery. Sometimes it's spciy other times it's not. It's never what I actually want or expect.
2) I like to make my own stir fry.. It's $8 to start and you get a sauce, a starch and 3 veggies then they add on from there. But seriously, $8 for bbq sauce rice and 3 veggies?! For $8 I could make this for a family of 8! 
3) Stop pushing the smoothies on me. Dear lord, if I want one I'll order one. Put more effort into the stirfry and less with the smoothies, please. Maybe fire some smoothie people and lower the cost of a veggie only stir fry, how about that?
4) The salads are ridiculously expensive. I could never justify spending more than $7 on a salad from a 'fast food' place nevermind $11. That lettuce better have healing powers if I'm going pay that much to eat it..Meh i don't see the big deal about this place? Sure its sooooo cool that you order your food through a computer, but the day a robot makes my meal, and does a damn good job at it, i will be impressed... Otherwise the food is mediocre at best. I got the beef stir fry with sesame garlic sauce. The sauce tasted ok but they put wayyyyy too much of it on there.. The veggies were a nice touch, but the beef, ewwwww was it a disaster. They shouldn't have called it beef at all! I've had beef jerky that was way more tender than the so called "beef" they use. It was obvious that the meat was already pre cooked and they just kinda reheated it to order, but the taste of the meat was grosssss and beyond dry. The taste, texture and look of it, was as if was overly microwaved or something. Never again.. I also had the cobb salad which was ok, nothing spectacular though. The best thing i had was their soda's and green tea. Maybe i will come in again only to try a smoothie next time.Reviews should be higher for this place. Don't just try one thing and give it a low rating. First stir fry I tried was decent but nothing too special. I gave honeygrow another try and got the sesame garlic and now I'm obsessed.I think this is a new outpost for the honeygrow chain, and despite the hype and new digital-user interface, I have never been so disappointed with the logistics of this establishment.
I came here on a late afternoon, hoping to grab a salad in between office work. After punching my salad order in the system and fighting through some computer glitches and unrecognized finger sensing algorithms, I sat along the sides, filled to the brim with waiting customers for my salad that took 35 minutes (I counted) to be made. I don't know why this was a particularly busy day, but $10 for a salad that can be made in 3 minutes is absolutely unforgivable. When my order finally got called, the staff also recognized that I had waited for so long and apologized sincerely, but I think this is an organization issue that needs to be addressed either with increasing staff or differentiation between the stir-fry requests or salad requests. Of note, I did see some of the stir-fry orders, which seemed meager in quantity given the slightly high price points. Oh yeah, the salad was decent, but definitely not worth the 35 minute wait.
Anyway, unless some logistics can be changed, I will certainly not return.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 3 stars
Cost: 1 starThe staff at this new outpost of HG is really courteous! They helped me navigate the entrance with my stroller without my even having to ask, you had my heart at hello! 
Their suggested combo for the seasonal fall salad was delicious, and I've picked up a noodle stir fry and a honey/fruit/granola cup as well. A bit pricey? Yes, but the place is clean, the screens make for a really quick/efficient experience, and the food is all quite flavorful. Really glad that there's a location closer than Rittenhouse!I really enjoyed Honeygrow.
Very hip vibe. You order either a salad or stir fry meal via a touch screen monitor (just like at wawa, for those familiar). I like to build my own, but they have several standard options to pick as well. 
My only gripe is it was a bit light on meat. You can add more meat when ordering, but I would have liked a bit more with the regular order. Speaking of which, be careful when adding veggies on the build your own, after 3 you incur a $0.35 charge. Not a huge cost, but it can add up if you don't pay attention. 
All the produce is local, which is great, but wouldn't necessarily bring me into or keep me away from a place. I just like that it is good, fresh, healthy food. Will definitely be back.Plenty of options for vegetarian/vegan folks. I usually create my own stir-fry and have tried various combinations. The sauce you pick will definitely make a huge difference, so far Red coconut curry and Lemon Miso Tahini are my absolute fav. Love this place so much #comfortfoodCool concept and lots of salad choices. Decent but food isn't as flavorful, filing or as fresh as Sweet Green down the street. Overall, restaurant is fine, not a must try.my first time at honey grow and i loved it.  you order and pay on a touch screen and get a print out. i went at the PEAK lunch rush and the place was packed - it took a while for me to get my food and actually what happened was they forgot to add the peppers into my stir fry. 
so why would i love this place that made me wait for so long and originally messed my order up?  
simple - because they double checked the order, caught the mistake, re did it perfectly, and sent me on my way (actually they even comped it - which was unnecessary)  for a fast food place to be so meticulous - i was very impressed. 
the ingredients were fresh, the people polite, and the service was great.Love that this new location is close to my office! I am a huge fan of CYO salads. Go before the lunch rush to get your food quick, though! 11:45 or so is best..I don't hate it. It's always a mediocre pleasure with Honey Grow for me. Speaking of chain stores.I've never had the smoothie or a "honeybar" (a small cup of honey, fruit, and whatever you want in it). This place is wrongly categorized as a juice/smoothie bar on here, but ignore everyone who's acting like it's Sip n Glo or Robeks. There's only one flavor, and it's pre-made and in one of those machines like a Slurpee. It's only $4 or $5 (I forget, as I've never ordered one), so you get what you pay for... If you want a real smoothie, go spend twice that at the aforementioned juice/smoothie bars.
It's expensive because everything is fresh and locally-sourced (but it's better than spending less money on lower quality ingredients). You also get A LOT. I've never left here hungry.
Sometimes I come here twice a week. I'm hooked. I don't usually order salad or stir fry elsewhere, so I can't really determine whether they make the best, but it's really good.  
They have Maine Root soda, which is the bomb diggity.
My only problems with it are:
* they rarely use enough sauce in the stir fry, and there isn't an option on the touch-screens you order from to add more. They told me to ask someone behind the counter, which is a problem when they're busy.
*  they put the base (rice, noodles, etc.) of the stir fry at the bottom and everything else on top instead of mixing it (isn't stir fry normally mixed and fried together? it's like they only fry the rest and have pre-cooked bases).
* Paying in cash is weird because the register is the same place they give you stir fry at, so it looks like you're cutting in line (stir fry is at one end and salad is at the other).
But I look past these because it's the healthiest "fast food" in the area.Yeah, it's kind of expensive and obnoxiously trendy but I can't help it - I LOVE the fact that I can order a delicious bowl of fruit with lots of tasty toppings. The salads are also good (I haven't tried the noodles yet) but I am mostly excited about the fruit & honey. They also beat the whipped cream BY HAND, which I think is kind of silly since I don't think a hand mixer is cheating, but I appreciate the extra effort. The serving size is pretty hefty, so I could honestly just eat the fruit bowl for a light dinner.I pass by this place all the time and never went in because I thought it was a vegetarian restaurant. I decided to check it out around noon because I needed to charge my phone and they have a charging station. 
It's pretty confusing when you first walk in. I was directed to a kiosk and checked out the options finally deciding on the red curry stir fry on egg noodles. I switched out the tofu for chicken. It took about 15 minutes for the food to be prepared.
It came out to around 9 dollars. It's kind of pricey for lunch but I only ate half of it and saved the rest for later. I'm also okay with spending a little more on sustainably sourced food. 
Flavor-wise, it was better than I thought. There were too many green peppers. The chicken and the noodles were delicious. 
The decor is nice but it was a little too hectic for me to want to sit and eat there.
Overall, I'd go back once or twice to try some other things. Their smoothies look good. I probably won't go often because of the price and the food is good but isn't amazing.The food is delicious. The ordering system is quick. But it seems that the quantity of food given is less than i am accustomed to in the past and from other locations. Previously the takeout containers would be filled to the top, but clearly they are not anymore especially for the rice option. They give a lot of rice, but skimp on the veggies. Seems like they're trying to save money. Picture of my takeout container before I've even touched my food is attached with review.Terrible. Parsimione salad or whatever was awful. My friend and I both ordered it and the chicken was like hockey pucks. Not even close worth $10. Not sure why everyone likes it.I love this place- their salads are great, their stir-fry is awesome and I absolutely cannot go there without getting their Honey Bar.  Fresh fruit and lots of toppings to choose from- and their homemade whipped cream is great!
It's fast, efficient, tasty, healthy and affordable.  What more can one ask for?!I go here often for lunch.   It's a good, healthy option compared to the fast food places near by.    It's a basic salad place, but I like that it is locally grown.   It can be packed at lunch, but it's worth the wait!!i love it. nice staff, good food and you have to keep in mind that this place is going to be crowded here and there because it is in center city. its like a wawa for healthy food, you can order on a touchscreen and pay at the touchscreen too. the workers are nice and work really hardThis is my first time here.  I love the whole concept of this place.  Great healthy food, with the use of local ingredients.
I like the use of the touchscreen menu boards where you place your order and pay for your purchases.
I ordered the vegan kale salad, mustard soy vinaigrette, green kale, organic roasted spicy tofu, apples, carrots, roasted beets, red onions, radishes.  I enjoyed the salad but wasn't a fan of the roasted tofu, it seemed a little to dried out, but the rest of the flavors were amazing, so this doesn't effect my review.
There is plenty of seating at this location and the employees are very friendly.
Great place for lunch and dinner.I come here about once a week with the hubby. Many great healthy options and totally customizable. The salads are great and there are so many choices of dressing. The stir Fry is good as well although I would like to see more sauce options. The place was closed for renovations for a while, so I was disappointed when it opened back up and everything looked exactly the same.honeygrow makes me happy and the only thing that keeps me from going to 5 stars is the POS and the general noise level of the place.
I love the customization options.  Salad, noodles, stir frys with fresh and healthful ingredients, brilliant!  They are very transparent.  They have a featured farms list on the wall and the staff works with pretty solid precision.  The price is also set well to compete against other lunch options in the area.
In my experience, the touch screen system can be a bit daunting to deal with.  Sometimes, you find yourself clicking many times or possibly clicking something you don't want out of sheer frustration.  The other gripe (while minor) is the noise.  It's very loud in here and I feel like people are always stepping on me trying to get to their food.  You have to listen very intently to hear your number called and that's difficult to do with all the noise.
Still, with these minor complaints, I keep honeygrow on my rotation because I really enjoy what they are dishing out.I really liked ordering by touch-screen. I didn't like that there were so many people waiting after using the screens that didn't really have a place to wait. It was dinner time and the food is good so it makes sense that it was crowded. And the food really was good. I'm not vegetarian but I ordered a tofu salad that was very tasty and the tofu was well prepared. I would go to Honeygrow again to try different combinations.Went with the spicy garlic chicken stir fry. It had just the right amount of spice. Also featured red onion, green and red peppers, broccoli, and of course bamboo shoots. Little pricey for stir fry , but no more than the Whole Foods salad bar.  The price we pay for local organic.  Going to come back to check out the salads.The best way to describe Honeygrow, is an upscale Chinese stir fry place. You make your selections on a computerized menu, and they put it together for you. They're food is delicious, portions are usually filling - - being that they provide an excess of rice or whatever base you choose for your bowl. However they could offer options to double up on veggies, and provide more meat in there bowls. I have been going to Honeygrow for years, I feel as though recently I have been seeing somethings that c They have gotten cheaper with their toppings in their stir fry as well as they're meats. All in all they are a healthier alternative in your corner Chinese place. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, it's a good place to check out.it's like the stay-puft marshmallow man stumbled through a fruit cart and vomited into my bowl. what the hell did i eat?I used to like this place but now it's getting bad. 
I see some cooks dancing, joking around and talk loudly to each other when preparing the food. I expect them to put a little bit more respect especially when they know the customers are watching.I recently went to this location at 5:20pm December 6 to be verbally assulted in front of employees and staff alike. I frequent honeygrow bring new coworkers time and time again. While I was in the mix of greeting one of their supervisor workers Ajua and Alexis begun to to continuous bombarded me with insult after insult and went as far as to come from the counter and bump me as well as threaten me multiple times. I am still a fan but after this I will be looking for the promt termination of these two workers as well as the manager Alex whom watched the entire occurrence go down or I will be pressing charges.We ordered the Stir Fry. The dish is alleged to have vegetables. All we got was white noodles with one token cilanthro. Why is this place known for natural food, anyway???Awesome concept and good quality food. I was a first timer and Becka was so helpful! Special place and worth a visit! I had a salad with some added extras. Very filling and delicious! I will definitely go back.I can't highly recommend Honeygrow, but I was satisfied with my experience.
When you first walk in, there are rotating menus up on the television screen. The menu goes through all 6 of their signature items one by one, and explained everything that is in them so that you can figure out what would best fit your tastes.
You order by touch screen, similar to Wawa. I didn't quite understand the "spiciness"
 rating scale, and said that a bit loudly in the directing of the staff member standing right on the other side of the touch screen. He looked at me, and then continued what he was doing. So that was a bit weird. Maybe he didn't know the answer. I also asked him what I would do if I was to pay with cash (there was a slot to swipe a card and pay right at the screen, but no cash option), to which he shrugged and kept working. So..
In case you run into the same problem, the touch screen will ask you how you would like to pay, and you'll get the option to pay with cash at the cashier.
Soft serve serve yourself is available, and the Lemon Honey Ginseng Tea is wonderful!
My date ordered the "Sesame Garlic." There was not enough seasoning, and the steak had barely any flavor.
I ordered the Sour Cherry BBQ- the noodles were undercooked (I tasted my dates, which were fine), but otherwise it was okay. 
"Just okay" isn't good enough for me to spend $10+ on the dish, so I probably won't be back, but I can't say that it wasn't tasty.The food was swimming in sauce. Too salty and not enough vegetables or meat. It was mostly rice. Atmosphere was chaotic. For the price I'd rather get take out from Tampopo.Awesome experience. I have multiple food allergies and they did everything In Their power to make my experience great. They even burned the wok to assure I wouldn't have any allergic reactions. Really professional staff as well. This is my place to go eat whenever I'm downtown. If your never been here, I highly recommend it !Today may have been my last experience at honey grow. I used to be hooked on it but the last 3 times I've gotten it my coconut curry stir fry has been dry. So much so that I have started taking sides of Siracha to go just incase. I really hate to give this place a bad review because when they are done right the stir-fry's are soooo good. Unfortunately for $10+ a meal there is a lot of really great places in the area.If you're looking to get a quick, healthy meal in center city, this is the place to beMy colleagues and I frequent Honeygrow at least twice a month for lunch and always get the noodles. Fresh ingredients and fast service. Food tastes excellent! Salads are very good as well.People were super nice. I just got their kaleata and I was in and out in 5 minutes. Also it was delicious. Place was super clean and again the people were so nice!My go-to lunch spot for the work week! My favorite is the build your own salad option, but when salad just isn't enough the stir-fry is amazing. The cold-pressed juices are also really good. Wait time can be a little long during the lunch rush but you'll have that anywhere in Center City. 
I've recently upgraded to ordering my lunch through their app which saves a lot of time waiting in line and I can just pop over and pick it up. The staff is very helpful and doesn't seem to crack under the fast-pace pressure.
I'd recommend it to anyone. It's good, healthy food that even people who don't care about healthy eating will enjoy. I've tried other similar spots in the city and none measure up to honeygrow!I am not sure any salad or stir fry is worth a 20 minute wait in an awkwardly conceived, cramped line, let alone the ones served here. And yet, here I stand. In the end, I think this speaks more to the lack of allegedly healthy, purportedly "fast" lunch options in CC than it does to HG. 
I also want to echo the call for nutrition info, which should be available in all such establishments, but especially ones that hold themselves out as health conscious.Honeygrow is phenomenal! I love this place! From the fresh ingredients and the ability to modify my dishes just the way I like them to the clean and modern decor with open kitchen concept, you can't go wrong. I strongly recommend ordering the egg noodles with the garlic sauce and washing it all down with one of their pre-designated fresh smoothies. The staff is also really friendly and knowledgeable. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone wanting to eat a relatively healthy, delicious and filling meal while in the Center City area.I just got takeout from this location. I'm disappointed. I ordered directly from the menu and the meals are either made wrong or this food is just that nasty. I've ordered from here before and the food was fine. Someone PLEASE check behind the staff because I feel like I just wasted my moneyCustom stir fry?  YES.  The place gets busy around lunch (obviously), but the service is overall good.  It's a bit pricey for some pretty basic stir fry, but the to-go box is deceiving - you get a lot of food for your money.  I'll be back.HoneyGrow is a real winner...even if you don't like fresh, delicious, farm to table food...prepared perfectly with tasty sauces/dressings....by a friendly, eager to please staff and an efficient, touchscreen ordering system.
Well even if none of these things compel you to visit....go anyway.  It is just great food!  I eat there several times a week....spend about $8.50 for my veggie stir fry with homemade noodles. And I am among many other regulars...hate to share the secret...but the HoneyGrow folks deserve the praise.  
CaroleI've been here twice so far, once at this location and at the newest location in Bala. I don't trust my creativity creating custom salads/stir fries and I always feel slightly pressured when ordering from a screen so I went with the suggested menu (the food items I have attempted to combine in the past is terrifying). The Cobb salad was good, not great, I'm not sure what it was - I just wasn't impressed. The Spicy Garlic stir-fry on the other hand was delish. I can't wait to try more of the other stir-fries (stir-frys?) on the menu, oh and I love that this place uses locally sourced food, or so I read on some blog out there.This place is AMAZING!  I always see a line out the door, which is a huge deterrent for me, but on a week when everyone is off for the Holidays, I decided to pop on in.  Boy was I glad I did!
I learned that the line is because of the funky layout where people are waiting for computer screens to place their order.  I went for shrimp and tofu over wheat noodles with the red coconut sauce, mushrooms, zucchini and spinach, crispy shallots and cilantro.... and about 5 minutes later my food was ready!  I also loved being able to pay right at the kiosk.  Brilliant.
I sat down with my to-go container, and my soda (1 point off for saccharine sweet sodas... even the diet one!  just carry pepsi or coke.  The organic options don't taste much better but they sure costs more!).  Upon opening the container, i was so so happy.  A side car of sriracha was also an added pleasantry.  My food was warm, and delicious.  Everything was so fresh and tasty.  
I saw no discernible trace of crispy shallots, and I paid $1.25 for an additional protein- tofu.  There were two (2) little cubes floating around in there.  Not great value... especially for a $15 stir fry + soda.  Other than that.. my food was filling and delicious and it felt at least somewhat healthy.  I now get what the fuss is about!  
I'll definitely be back here, but it makes me sad that seating is so limited!  I tend to just bring my lunch when I eat alone.  Dining out is a social occurrence, and I can imagine that finding a seat here during the week might be a challenge... but I'm up for it when the mood strikes!So I have given this place 2 tries now, and both times I have been disappointed. Today I ordered a stir fry. For a place that claims to have all fresh ingredients, I feel like I could have had better quality food at the local shady Chinese restaurant. Some of the green beans looked rotten and a several shrimp just didn't look safe to consume. Some were discolored and non of them were deveined.  I wasn't looking for fine dining, but I definitely didn't want food positioning either. I'd say this place need to stick to their drink and desserts or step on on what they preach in terms of promising freshness.I live close by but I've been here probably ten times already since it opened. Great addition to the neighborhood.Honey grow has great salads, that you can customize to your liking. Their noodles are also amazing. However, I had to deduct a start because when you order any protein for your noodles they are not warmed throughly. I thought it was a one time incident, but I was mistake.I love that Honeygrow is sort of like a healthy version of Wawa (okay, I really just like the touch-screen ordering system).  
The kale smoothie is a slam dunk, especially if you're looking for a refreshing beverage after your 90 minute bikram yoga session.  
I created my own salad and loved all the options I had.  My salad was huge, so thankfully my husband was home to scarf up the leftovers.  
The place itself has a very warm feel and you can literally see people making your food as you wait.  
Sure, it's a bit on the pricy side, but definitely worth the splurge every once in awhile.Good food and good service. Crowded around lunch hours, but they do their best getting your food prepared. Friendly staff.This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to grab a bite between the gym and home (in the burbs.) Usually by the time I've worked out, I just want something easy to eat when I get home, and this salad, stirfry, and smoothie bar works perfectly. 
The first time I got the sesame ginger beef stir fry offered as a "Suggested" stir-fry on their touch-screen ordering system (I love this feature, by the way, and wish they had it everywhere besides just here and Wawa. It's not that I'm antisocial, but I just don't like having to make big decisions about my food in the moment!) Paying by credit card is also a breeze. I brought my stirfry home and was shocked to realize that it was actually large enough to be 2-3 meals, which is awesome, considering it was about $10. So yeah, on the surface it's pricey, but if you think of it as tonight's dinner/tomorrow's lunch, that's $5 per meal, which is pretty darn good. Oh, and it tasted delicious! I had no problems with the sauce or ingredient ratio (and the beef was delicious.) I also had Stacy's pita chips, and I love that they offer them as a side.
Last night, I got the Persampiere salad, which has croutons, grape tomatoes, red onions, panko crusted chicken cutlet, mozzarella, arugula, and parmesan dressing (love that they give you the option of regular, light, or on the side.) I also ordered Stacy's pita chips. It was very yummy and filling, except...
Two small gripes that keep this from getting that extra star:
1. Last night, they forgot to give me my chips, which I didn't realize until I was home in the burbs. Since they take your receipt when you pick up your food, I don't have proof to go back and tell them this (and really, would they believe me anyway? Anyone could claim to have been jipped out of chips, but there's no proof that they didn't get them.) So a little bummed that I paid a couple extra bucks for chips that were not included. Lesson learned: check receipt and bag carefully before leaving.
2. The salad last night was SO onion-y. Like the smell was overpowering, even after the salad was long gone. The salad was great, but either order it without onions or don't make any plans for the rest of the night, beyond scrubbing your mouth out for an hour. Yikes.
3. I wish nutrition info/calorie counts were available. Obviously, this is more healthy than getting a cheese steak, but I'm honestly not sure just how healthy it is. That info would be helpful in guiding my selections.
Otherwise, I like this place and will be returning. Excited to try a smoothie here!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE: Within a couple hours of this review hitting Yelp, the owner Justin sent a response to me offering my next meal (with chips!) on the house. Not only that, but he's passing my onion comment on to the staff so that it hopefully won't be so overpowering next time. Wow, that's is awesome customer service. I think half the battle of any business is the owner really wanting it to succeed and engaging with customers. Justin has got that down. Can't wait to go back and try more of their food!I've been to this place a few times.  I like that it's relatively fast, healthy food, and that it's open pretty late.  Most counter restaurants shut down in that area after lunch.  The computerized ordering system is a bit intimidating at first, but it's nice to just punch in your order and have the staff concentrate on cooking rather than taking orders.  The salads here are very good, if on the small side for the price.  
I was excited to have a fresh, healthy stir-fry place in the neighborhood, but the stir-fry was extremely disappointing.  I tried it twice, because I really wanted to like it, but I couldn't get over two major drawbacks.  First, you can't alter the spiciness of the sauce, which was a big disappointment.  Several of the sauces seem like they would be tasty, but they're just too spicy for me.  In most Asian restaurants, they will adjust the level of spice to your order.  Second, and more importantly, there is hardly anything in the stir fry other than noodles.  I thought for a place that billed itself as healthy eating, there would be lots of decent size veggies in the dish.  But there are only a few very little pieces.  I had high hopes for this place, but I won't be going back for the stir fry again.  I will probably return for the salads.one of the interns wanted to get lunch here. it was my first time trying them and i asked her to get me the sesame garlic stir fry. by the time she got back, i was starving. now, if i wasn't so hungry, i may not have been able to finish this. it was SO salty! the vegetables and meat tasted fresh...just everything was drenched in sauce. why??? 
sigh...since their ingredients seem pretty fresh, i'm open to try some of their other options though. we'll see.I was once a regular at honeygrow until today. My salad had some sort of sand in it, and the walnuts were rancid. If I purchase a $10 salad, I expect clean and fresh ingredients.I've been to Honeygrow many times and I absolutely love it! The concept and the ordering system is very simple too. When you come in, use one of the kiosks to select a suggested stir-fry or salad, or better yet, you can create your own. The price is quite reasonable for the amount of food you're getting and the list of ingredients are endless. There is a board on the wall that lets you know exactly where your food is coming from. Another strong point is that they cater to EVERYONE, gluten free? Great! Vegan? No problem! When your finished at the kiosk (you can also pay there if you're using a card), just print your ticket and listen for your number. That being said, it can become a bit loud during peak hours, I've found it easier to wait closest to the station where my food is being made (toward the entrance for salads/smoothies and near the register for stir fry and other beverages-there are signs hanging from the ceiling to direct you). 
Other things to consider:
1) If you're in a hurry for lunch I highly suggest calling your order in ahead, especially if your limited on time. You'll skip the line and your food will be ready when you get there.
2) The employees and customer service are absolutely spectacular. They're always friendly and engaging (I'm always greeted with a smile). They did make a mistake on my stir fry once but when I brought it back they quickly corrected my order.
3) TRY THE HONEYBAR!! This is my absolute favorite thing there and it's a healthy alternative for dessert or breakfast.
4) your food comes in a stir fry box or a salad bowl, I've noticed that this issue is a toss up on the review boards but personally I like them. It gives me the opportunity to pack my lunch up and head out if need be.Love this place! It's a great spot to grab a quick healthy lunch. One of the highlights is that you order on a touch screen monitor. The two main choices are salad or stir fry. They have several options already made up or you can create your own. I've had the seasonal salad there that had kale, sweet potatoes, goat cheese and cranberries! The last time I went I made my own stir fry which was also really delicious with snap peas and bean sprouts! It can get really busy around lunch time, say 12-2, but they really work hard to make sure your food comes out quickly.Do not come between 12-1 during the week. Waiting 25-35 minutes for an overpriced salad...Plain and simple, I like what they have going in there. Aside from the bad layout it's a fine place for quick noodles with lots of customization options.
For me (someone with a big appetite) it's more of a place to go for something to hold me over until real dinner. For a normal sized appetite I'm sure it's plenty of food.I use to pick up food here for lunch. I always do my own stir fry with wholegrain noodles, shrimps and vegetables! That mix is really good. It's enough for two meals!One of my favorite work lunch spots! There are so many options and different ways to make your own salad or stirfry, which is what I always do. I get a little stressed out when I get to customize my meal though, so I like that I can take my time to order exactly what I want with the touchscreen system. My favorites are the coconut red curry and sesame garlic stirfry sauces, and the green goddess and cilantro jalapeno ranch dressing. Everything is relatively healthy (or at least that's what I tell myself) and delicious!
It gets really busy during lunch though, so come early or wait for the rush to die down if you don't want to wait too long. It's a little pricey so I don't come here too often.The service was amazing, SIKE there is no service you customize your order by yourself on a kiosk. This is there only redeeming quality.
 You receive your food by having someone scream out your receipt number, my one and only time there, the worker glared at me when I offered a friendly smile. I had to ask for a cup to get my fountain drink.
I ordered a spicy garlic sauce and that is not what I got.
Despite all of the wrong sauce they dumped in my container the food is bland. Because it was so horrible I believe the food was overpriced.
Cool thing they have chopsticks, however I will never be going back there againI'm sorry but I CANNOT wrap my head around why this place always has a line. First time here, and ordered the make your own stir fry. 1 star for the cool computers that you order from and 1 star for the super nice staff. 
ZERO STARS for food. 
1. 'LIGHT SAUCE', was NOT light whatsoever, please see the picture attached of the noodles DRENCHED in oil, so much that it's SEEPING through the thick and laminated cardboard box. Also maybe it was because it was so oily, but the sauce didn't have any flavor whatsoever. Just spicy for no reason. 
2. TOPPINGS, pretty sure I was charged an extra $0.45 for toppings which I totally understand but I counted FOUR small slices of mushrooms and TWO slices of pickled cucumbers... 
3. COST, the total was $13 for a pretty small portion. Complete waste of money the noodles were so drenched in oil it was not edible. 
Definitely not a 'healthy' place. Better luck just getting some takeout Chinese down the street.For the honey bar, you will get very tiny little bit honey on bunch of "most" banana. And also cream too. Just not enough taste. Chocolate chips.. even you can count how many they are. Totally tastes like just banana for 8 dollars. 
And I had a noodle, it just didn't have taste. 
I wonder what is going on there. Just everything is lack of taste. Very not enough sauce. And overpriced.I've been the City Ave location more often than this one. This one has consistently better food than the City Ave location. I'm of course a fan and keep coming back. 
Somehow though this location always smells vaguely of vomit (maybe it's their cleaning chemicals?). And it's weird that they give you dine-in orders in take-out boxes. Maybe they only do this because I've been dining here close to closing time?This place is super clean, the customer service is great and the food is cheap, fresh and delicious... The ordering system is simple and quick. I keep coming back to this place for lunch twice or three times a week.Honeygrow is one of my favorite lunch spots in Center City. It serves healthy and tasty asian inspired sitr fry dishes (they also serve salads and smoothies, however I've never tried). The portions are filling, the price is reasonable(ish), and they have cool, Wawa style touchscreens.
I've been here quite a few times so I know the ropes. I've also been to other locations, and I can tell you the experience is different depending on which you go to. This Honeygrow is a takeout, high volume machine. You're not going to get the option of a ceramic bowl for a sit down meal like in Radnor, it is to-go-box only here. That being said, the frantic environment and the long wait times can take some getting used to. Here are a couple of tips for a successful lunch:
1. If you go during the thick of lunch hours, it will be extremely crowded. Try to go at 11:30AM-12:00PM for less people.
2. If you paid for a drink after ordering, go show your receipt at the pick up counter and grab a cup. Orders can take much longer to make than you're used to (10+ min).
3. If you are eating in, grab a table instead of waiting by the takeout counter. They will call your order number when it is ready. You won't miss it. Glaring at the cooks and cashier will not help. 
4. Salads get made 10 times faster than Stir Fry. If your coworker orders a salad and you order a Stir Fry, there will be a very long gap waiting for your food to come out. It might be a little awkward. Just saying.
5. The people directing the order queue can tell the cooks if you need something not listed on the touchscreen. I've been hooked up with extra sauce just by asking.Waited about 25 minutes for my stir fry to go.    Got all the way back to my office about 4 blocks away and saw that there was zero sauce included despite my order.   Just a big bucket of very dry noodles and vegetables.   There were a ton of employees, but only the cooks were the only ones really doing much.    So much hastle, very expensive and food was wrong.   First and last time at this location.Update.... emailed as requested by Honeygrow to let them know about the issues.   They haven't replied in two weeks.   Foop.Update:
Second time here again, this time I brought my boyfriend to try the stir fry. I got the red curry coconut egg noodles with mushroom, he got the spicy garlic beef with brown rice. Be careful when you add red chili flakes as an option: if it's suppose to be spicy already or has jalapeños, don't underestimate it! It ended up being a little more than mild, but still so tasty. The coconut curry noodles were flavorful, so creamy, the beef was lean but very tender and soft. That makes everything so much better: good salad and good stir fry!! 
_____________________________________________________
I really wanted to find a place that makes fresh salads for under $12. Long and behold, I found a place near my job. I also like that I don't have to go to some random deli shop for salad, and I know the ingredients are fresh. I come in, immediate order on the kiosk, which ask for my number to create an account so I can earn points on the HoneyGrow app. I proceed to order my Verano salad which has corn, black beans, romaine, onions, grape tomato, avocado, and cotijo cheese. I replaced the creamy lime dressing for the white balsamic vinaigrette instead. Also got the Diet Coke, which is naturally made, not by Coca-Cola brand. My total came to $13.48, not bad! I was tempted to get their dessert, but maybe next time. I was super glad to see they also have sriracha and Tamari sauce on hand! They are truly great. I just ate the salad half way through and I love it already. Very flavorful and right portion. I am already feeling slightly full, but it tastes so good I might finish it. The soda is also very good, not chemically or taste anything like big brand sodas. I plan on being a loyal customer.I love this place! Been my go to take away since it opened on 16th street in 2012. Loveeee the coconut tofu stir fry. Always fresh never disappointsI loved the food spicy garlic shrimp stir fry...but when my food got done it was sitting there for like 2 mins before anybody notice I ask was that #285 the guy at the register was like it could be....I'm like um OK....so then somebody finally retrieve my food and sat it on the counter....the one guy was like bag it....and the other guy at the register was like no you bag it .... so I just reached behind the counter n got my own bag n bag my food....I will be back againYou MUST order through a touchscreen so the staff will not be BOTHERED answering any ANNOYING questions you may have about the food you will be paying for and putting in your mouth.
Weird menu items ("fresh egg white noodles"?) and absences (is the walnut dressing creamy?) would benefit from human intervention.
The music is SO LOUD, the staff has to SCREAM so you can hear your order being called, and they don't seem to think anything is weird about this.
The food is acceptable if overpriced and randomly-prepared: my salad had some chicken chunks and some chicken slices, as if the preparer changed her mind in mid-prep.
Two young women near me started having a LOUD and unfunny conversation about their menstrual irregularities, when the music started BLARING again, and I was, at last, grateful.
I left without finishing my salad.This location just opened up right by Jefferson University campus, and I could not be happier about it.  So far the staff seems very friendly and knowledgeable, and it is definitely larger and ran better than the one in Rittenhouse. 
I got the sesame ginger stir fry for lunch, everything was fresh and delicious.  My favorite part about this new location is the board that is constantly updated with order numbers as soon as they are ready at the counter.  This allows you to move away from the counter and ordering computers to give other people room while waiting on your food. Will for sure be back sooner than later.Just bought a Cobb salad from Honeygrow that was supposed to contain chicken and bacon ( as all traditional Cobb salads do). Only one problem-- no chicken or bacon. None. Zero. 
Will ask for a refund. If get it I'll give them a second chance under the "the location is new excuse and anyone can make a mistake." If they don't I'll not be back.Food is good. The lady at the cash register was also nice. She had short hair and a beanie on. I only went to two branches of honeygrow and this branch had been the best one so far.I have been to this location about three times now and I have never been disappointed! The food is fresh, hot, and exactly as I order it. The establishment is extremely clean and the staff is always friendly!I've been to the other city locations lots of times, and this one is pretty consistent. Great stir fry and super fresh ingredients. My only beef is that they now charge for garnishes. Putting cilantro on top shouldn't cost the same as adding another vegetable into the stir fry. Otherwise, a solid new location.My first time at honeygrow didn't let me down. I love that there is a healthy fast food option that you can grab on the go, which I plan to do more often. 
I had lunch there so I ordered a bowl with whole wheat noodles, veggies, and chicken.  It was light, fresh, and delicious ! It kept me full for most of the day.  Not only do they have bowls, but super delicious looking salads.  There are touch screens for you to customize your order.  I can't wait to try the salad next time !  Another cool item they have are the honey bowls...a perfect grab for breakfast.  I am also eager to try that for a breakfast on the way to class.  
The staff was really friendly and answered all questions!  They even came up to each table to ask how we liked everything, which I thought was very nice.  I wouldn't say that it was a cheap lunch, but for a drink and a really decent amount of food to keep you full was about $12.00.  That isn't bad too for a healthy option !
I will be back to try more, honeygrow!Great spot! 
This is a great area to have a honeygrow - right near Jefferson! 
The motif has an Asian twist on the fast casual restaurant trend. In general, the choices include either a salad or stir-fry (or both if you are so inclined.) From there you can customize to your liking. The ordering process is pretty user intuitive - you queue up in line and enter your order through a kiosk/tablet. There are multiple stations so you're not waiting in line to enter your order. It's like going through self check out at the super market, so if one person finishes, you can move to the empty station allowing the line to move much quicker. Since you pay through the kiosk as well, the staff solely focuses on the food and once the order is up (you can monitor the board for your number), you can pick up your order - ready to eat!
I chose to order a salad. I picked that option and then the menu leads you from the base to the top on what to add for the ingredients. I liked the experience since it gave me time to think to go back and forth on different options before settling on the preferred combination of ingredients. I was super happy with the final creation - filled with spinach, arugula, quinoa, roasted cashews, craisins, some feta, white beans, etc. I loaded that puppy up! I also thought the portion was ample for one (or even two), and I actually had to ask for a to go box since I wasn't able to finish the whole thing in one sitting! It was well made, with the ingredients cut down to bite sized portions. I appreciated the vast amount of ingredients they had to choose from and for a vegetarian like me, the options and combinations are endless! The ingredients were also pretty fresh and well seasoned (the beans). In addition, I ordered the salad with a spicy tahini dressing and it was a great kick to a hearty meal. 
They do have "signature" blends of salads (and stir - fry) in case you wish to go with a recipe already defined, but in the event you wish to customize, the make your own options seems to be the best bet. Also, during the ordering process it will let you know how many of each item type you're allowed, any additional add ons (which you can do right through the kiosk) are just extra to the base cost. 
I have to say the staff were really accommodating and super friendly. Any questions about the ingredients I had, they were readily available to help out. 
Excited to have a honeygrow on this side of the city and hoping for more visits to test out different combinations!Amazing customer service. I ordered a noodle dish that had a huge pool of oil floating in the bottom of the bowl... i didn't say anything until a staff member who was bussing the tables asked how everything was so i mentioned it and he politely explained that too much oil was an issue with other customers sometimes and insisted he make a new dish which came out perfect and delicious the second time ^_^I really like Honeygrow. I discovered this chain back in April of 2018 when I went to Philly for a 76ers game. There is one location near me in Baltimore that I've had ok success with.
I came to this location on Wednesday, July 18th around 8:19 PM. I like honeygrow because you can order what you want at the kiosk and take your time with your order without people getting mad that you're taking too long. They have about 4 or 5 kiosks which is good. 
I ordered the egg noddles, with broccoli, onions, peppers, carrots, and spinach. I love the sweet soy five spice sauce and add red pepper flakes. 
The only thing that's missing is that I can't request lite red pepper flakes. The cashier asked if I meant to place my order without a protein like veggies and noodles isn't enough of a meal. Lol. 
It was good and if I visit Philly again in this area I'll go back.Although it was a bit confusing and crowded, once I figured out the ordering, paying and pick up it was fine.  The salad was just as I ordered and was very fresh.  The portion was so large, I took half home.  However, the best part was the staff.  A young woman checked on me to make sure everything was good.  When i was ready to leave, without even being asked, she brought me a takeaway container.Had a salad and other meals where all very tasty. The waiter was very friendly. We had only 5 min wait. He's definitely got a lot of busy later in the evening.This is a decent spot for a quick meal.  You order everything from the electronic kiosk menus in the front.   I really like this as it makes the ordering experience much faster and more customized for each person  (Less time waiting in line...).  The interior of the venue is clean, well-lit, and roomy with more than enough seating for several small groups.
The prices aren't too bad here and range around $10 depending on the size of your dish and the additions you choose to add.  I ordered a stir-fry bowl with red coconut curry and ground turkey among the other standard selections that came with it.  However, I was disappointed that they added too much of the stir-fry sauce (I chose the standard amount) and it drowned out everything else in the bowl.  Still tasty however.  I also felt they should have added more of the turkey for the amount I paid ~$10.  
The value of the dish is the reason for the two stars removed.  I find it more appealing to walk a few short blocks to Chinatown and get something similar for a few bucks cheaper.This was my first time going to the 11th street location and I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the spicy garlic noodle stir fry substituting tofu for the chicken for take out. Unfortunately, when I got home I found that there was no tofu in the stir fry. Furthermore, the sauce hadn't been mixed well and so half the noodles were stiff and sauce free.The ordering process was streamlined and very user-friendly. My food was made to order and complete in a very timely manner. Last but not least, it was very flavorful and the portion was just enough to leave me satisfied. I will be back too much as possible and, hopefully, bring a few friends. I highly recommend it for rice/ noodle bowls. I will try something different on my next visit.First experience at honeygrow was great! 
Ordering process was quick and painless. All options looked great. I went with the BBQ stir fry. Topped with green beans, onions, and chili flakes. Very, very well done! 
I believe this is one of the newer honeygrow's in the city. The place itself was very clean with plenty of places to sit and enjoy your meal as well.SLOOOOOOOOW
I keep getting fooled, a month or so goes by, and I think "I want a salad, where shall I go?" and forget how long it took them to prepare my order the previous time. No more. 20 mins for a salad? It's the day before a major holiday, the place was half-empty, and yet staff moved like turtles. Salads are good, if overpriced, but not worth the wait. DisappointingDisclaimer: I have not come here during lunch hour.
On Friday evening, I found myself in need of something reasonably quick and decided to stop at the new Honeygrow on 11th. The restaurant itself is large compared to some of the other locations and the decor is modern. They utilize the standard kiosk ordering system. 
I ordered a sparkling water and a noodle bowl (spicy tofu and veggies) and my total was $11 and some change.
Order was quickly delivered and tasty. No issues.Got in late to Philadelphia.  Honeygrow came up on yelp. Easy walk and quick service. Had the Sweet Soy Five Spice bowl. The disk came out quickly and was quite a good visual.  Sat down and enjoyed it. Just the right amount of sweet and spice for my taste.  Would recommend if you want something fast and tasty.Spicy garlic stir fry is delicious!! The ingredients seem like a really good quality. Loveeeee the way you order on a screen and pay right there at the screen. Everything is super efficient. The staff were all working hard and seemed to be having fun, all very polite. Pretty excited about having this place near work!I would like to express appreciation to Nicole at Honeygrow on 11th Street today.  I love the food because it is healthy and delicious and close to work.  Today I used the hg app on my phone to order food, and app had reset my default location without my realizing.  So I zipped out to pick up the meal and it had been sent elsewhere. Nicole worked with me to fill my prepaid order, and made me a very happy customer!!  Thank you for coming through for me!You need to open in California. ..very yummy...visiting our nephew attending Temple Medical School and we were out on a power walk and stopped in for supper....!!!!Just bought a Cobb salad from Honeygrow that was supposed to contain chicken and bacon ( as all traditional Cobb salads do). Only one problem-- no chicken or bacon. None. Zero. 
Will ask for a refund. If get it I'll give them a second chance under the "the location is new excuse and anyone can make a mistake." If they don't I'll not be back. 
UPDATE: Kudos to Honeygrow for doing the right thing. The next day I got a call from Honeygrow apologizing for their mistake and refunding my purchase price. Well done Honeygrow. I'll be trying u again soonI paid 15 dollars for a salad and I'm given a bowl that's half empty. I know that it's a minimum wage job, but if you don't want to do your job, or do it well, then quit. Don't make the customer suffer because you are unhappy. Disappointed in the product, I'm not in the business of giving my money away for nothing. I will not be returning.Sometimes my salad is great, though as often as not they forget one of the ingredients I paid for or seriously underfill the bowl. The salads are pretty expensive so it can be really frustrating to pay so much to receive a small salad that is missing items. That happened again today and I was one of the only people there at the time. Attention to detail can really improve.Came in yesterday, as a first timer for an early lunch. I saw the place being built over the last month & wanted to give them a try. 
The establishment was clean & spacious. Enough room for the other customers ordering and/or dining in. The staff, one in particular was extremely pleasant & helpful. Being my first time there, I was staring at the menu & trying to figure out how to place an order.
The ordering is done on a touch screen, you pay there, & then a receipt is printed. It was fast & simple. I liked that. 
I ordered the Sweet Soy Five Spice. I enjoyed the meal very much. The green beans were crunchy, not mushy, the Turkey seasoned well, & I'm a bit of a spicy fan, so the sauce was just right. Overall a solid lunch. While I was eating, that same staff member checked on me, to see if I needed anything. In my book, their customer service was an A+.
Like others who commented, the only downfall was the price. Just a few cents under $10 for a rice bowl with some meat & veggies is so/so. I don't expect it to be free, but you can go to a sit down restaurant with a wait staff for the same or close to same price. I'd like to see them knock off a dollar or so, maybe have a rewards card or something. (Maybe they already do & I'm just not aware of it) All in all, it's a good spot to eat at. I'll be back for sure, but if the prices decrease, I would be a regular.I really wanted to find a place that makes fresh salads for under $12. Long and behold, I found a place near my job. I also like that I don't have to go to some random deli shop for salad, and I know the ingredients are fresh. I come in, immediate order on the kiosk, which ask for my number to create an account so I can earn points on the HoneyGrow app. I proceed to order my Verano salad which has corn, black beans, romaine, onions, grape tomato, avocado, and cotijo cheese. I replaced the creamy lime dressing for the white balsamic vinaigrette instead. Also got the Diet Coke, which is naturally made, not by Coca-Cola brand. My total came to $13.48, not bad! I was tempted to get their dessert, but maybe next time. I was super glad to see they also have sriracha and Tamari sauce on hand! They are truly great. I just ate the salad half way through and I love it already. Very flavorful and right portion. I am already feeling slightly full, but it tastes so good I might finish it. The soda is also very good, not chemically or taste anything like big brand sodas. I plan on being a loyal customer!!
The one girl also gave extra romaine lettuce when I asked before going back to work, after eating half of my salad and wanting to add more lettuce for later on. It was very nice of her. Obviously, I'm already hooked with that extra kindness.I'm giving it three stars because the concept is nice.  The Cobb salad I just had, however, was completely mediocre, and cost $11.  The lettuce was not crisp, there was barely any avocado, and only a few other vegetables.  There may have been bacon in it, but I didn't see or taste any.  It's great that they are using local chickens, but the chicken tasted no different than the yesterday's grilled and chilled chicken you can get on a crappy salad anywhere else.  I can get a pretty great salad in a sit-down restaurant for $11, so for a takeout place with no cashiers I expect something better.This is one of the worst locations in the city, the consistency of the stir fry is terrible when you decide to takeout. Either there is always something missing from the stir fry or they never fill the box all the way up. For the price we are paying I think we deserve our money worth.I go to honeygrow a lot and I usually really enjoy it. This one is the closest to my work, so I'm more likely to go here than any other location. Now, I usually do take away and order through the app. It's typically ready when I get there; however, they consistently don't fill up the containers so that's a star off. If I'm going to pay $10 for some noodles and veggies, I expect a fair portion. This wasn't the case this last time. 1.) once again it wasn't filled 2.) they were very skimpy on the veggies. Seeing as I didn't have a protein, I get it, mine won't look as full of life as others, but I think I should be able to see more than a dropping of veggies inside. Lastly, I paid with cash because I had a coupon, so I couldn't do in app pick up. It took forever- in actuality, it took 15 minutes, which isn't horrible and I would have just accepted it had the entire take out section cleared out before they finished my order. Literally people who came in and ordered stir fry 5 minutes after me still received their food before me. This location should work on their quality control.For this to be a new location you would think they would give us the correct order but nope! I only had three things in my salad that I actually asked for and one 2 things I didn't, none of the extras I paid for though, probably should have checked my salad before I left. But kudos to the girl who was nice about changing the chicken out for the turkey for me, I'll probably go back to the honeygrow on 16th &south. Here's the proof.I really need to stop going to this location, but it's the closest to my workplace, so it's very convenient. Today I spent $29.16 on two stir fry's and a honeybar. The honeybar desert was perfectly fine, but the stir fry's sucked. The spicy garlic stir fry did not taste spicy at all, so I'm guessing they used very little or no sauce at all and the chicken was very mushy. I'm most disappointed by the other stir fry which is the sweet soy five-spice. The box felt super light so I opened it up and it was not filled to the top. This location although the newest, it's just not as great as the older locations. As you can tell from previous reviews and pics I have posted from this location, they keep repeating the same mistakes.I know not everyone is a honeygrow fan, but I am not sure how. I think it's great.  You can pick what you want and don't want on your salad or stirfry and you can see them making the fresh meal.  It's reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.  I hope they continue to open new locations.Ordered an add on chicken for a salad takeaway and it was never added, but ended up paying for it anyway.Why is there meat inside my honeybar? Totally disgusting, especially since I don't eat meat at all. This is really unacceptable. Are utensils being shared to make all dishes? How does this happen?
Order#300 09/04/2018Been going to 16th st location but was near this one today so took a chance on my take out.
Omg! Only 6 customers at approx 7:00 pm and it took sooooo long!!! Gotta get their act together!! Can't imagine what goes on when they're busy!Ordered chicken with noodles with garlic sauce. I like the fast service but a little too fast. Noodles took a some time to chew since they were undercooked. Food was warm instead of hot. Asked for extra sauce yet they put the extra sauce on the side instead of it being cooked with the food. I noticed the option for side of sauce which I never choose.I've had more than one horrible experience at this Honeygrow, I've been patronizing Honeygrow for years now and in the last few weeks I've been going to this location and twice my order has been incorrect, I have the receipt and twice I've been called a liar by the staff in so many words. Today was probably my last time in Honeygrow, the young ladies are so rude, nasty, they have absolutely no customer service skills and they are unapologetic when they're wrong! I have been humiliated in this restaurant, where I pay my hard earned money (I'm a female working construction in the area and I've wondered if my appearance is a problem but my MONEY is green just like everyone else!) I'm not making things up, I'm not making ridiculous request, I'm just expecting what I ordered and what I paid for. Today the young lady basically accused me of lying about ordering chicken on my salad, she very loudly and very rudely said I didn't order it, I did, she went back looked at the ticket and then said to her coworker "oh yeah she did order chicken" but she NEVER apologized, she made me feel like less of a person with one small gesture because this unfortunately wasn't the first incident. Service skills and being nice goes a long way! And there's nothing wrong with checking twice before making accusations and being loud, wrong, nasty and unpleasant. The experience I had today was unacceptable!I love honeygrow and have been here many times for salads, stir fry, and noodles. It's easy to order ahead using a variety of apps or in-store on the touch screen. Great quality items at a reasonable price and quick service!This new location is larger than the 16th ST one. There is more seating room and just more room to stand and wait for your to go order. The wait time was a tad longer than the other location but I'm sure they are still perfecting the assembly line and by no means was the wait inconveniently long. The food quality is consistent with the other locations with the ingredients being fresh and tasty.Came here two days in a row to order the nicoise salad. It is satisfying, flavor, and healthy. Food is packaged well and always prompt. Will return every time I am in the area.I eat Honeygrow 2-3 nights a week. I got the harvest salad and added avocado to it for some extra protein to go. When I got back to my work to eat it i found that the avo was not only not cut up, but it was hard as a rock and thus I could not eat it. I then found the skin of the avo in the salad with the peel off sticker on it. Not very appetizing after all that. Very disappointed in the lack of care for this meal that I was looking forward to eating on my break during a 9 hour shift. I almost always enjoy my meal from this place so giving the benefit of the doubt that someone just was having a bad night...but still disappointed at the money spent on a salad I didn't end up enjoying.Food is great but...  We wait 5 months for winter to end. So now we have beautiful weather, but when you go into Honeygrow, it's like a walk-in refrigerator. Couldn't wait to get out it was so cold. Or maybe that's what they want?I've been a Honeygrow fan for a while, but this was my first time visiting this location. I took my mom here, and it was her first time trying Honeygrow. We both used the mobile app to order our food, and we came in about 15 minutes later to pick up our food.
We walked in to a fairly clean restaurant around 2pm, and we ate our food in there. The staff pleasantly gave us some cups for water when we asked. The quality of our food was pretty good. My mom had ordered the pre-made recipe of Sesame Garlic stir-fry; she just switched out the whole wheat egg noodles for regular ones. I had created a custom stir-fry with ground turkey, rice noodles, sweet soy five spice sauce, snow peas, bell peppers, broccoli, shallots, and mg spice. 
After eating our meal, I was very full and satisfied. My mom was also very happy with it as a first-time visitor. I would highly recommend this location to anyone looking for a Honeygrow around Center City with decent service.Went here a few weeks ago and loved this place.  I like the ordering kiosks because it makes for easier customizing.  However, I could have sworn some people were spending 10 minutes on them!  I can see how though- There are endless options to customize your salad or bowl.  I ended up getting the tuna salad with hard-boiled eggs and it was delicious.This is my got to honey grow spot because it's right along my way to and from work and they normally don't disappoint. I've only ever had one other issue with my food from this location. Overall, I normally have a good experience with my food from this location, but today not so much. I order three salads. Two of the salads were done perfectly fine, but the salad (that happens to be for me) was not filled up to the top completely and it was missing two of the ingredients I paid for, which were the Parmesan crisp and dried cranberries. The overall presentation looked like I ordered three salads and mine was the last one made by the store associate, so it was just thrown together really quick. The store associates needs to pay more attention to what they're doing.So happy this new spot opened within 15 seconds of my office building! 
I came to grab a salad on the first day and can't wait to come back (trying to restrain myself from coming every day...) I love their menu and have enjoyed everything I have tried from Honeygrow.
The service seemed pretty quick, but the number board on the wall confused me / could be clearer. 
I'll be back!honeygrow is fine for a quick, on the go, salad or stir-fry. They promote using local farmers which I love. I wasn't overly impressed with any of the options. I felt the ingredients were all basic salad and stir fry selections, nothing creative or inspiring. The salad tasted fine, but they don't fill up on the toppings like sweet green does. 
I also waited quite a while to get my salad despite the store being practically empty. You order through a little computer and it seems like they deal with a lot of web orders. I assumed it would be a quick stop because the place seemed empty, but was apparently deceived by that. 
Overall, a fine, basic lunch option, but nothing memorable here.Great staff and quick service. Nice spot for a quick and decently healthy lunch/dinnerThis was like a build your own healthy meal.  We came in looking for a cheap dinner and it was okay.  I had a red curry bowl with rice and veggies, which tasted fine, but the sauce was cool and the tofu was very chewy.  It came out to like $11 but the portion size was pretty small for the price.  I liked their drink options, and my friend really enjoyed her salad.  I think this was a great concept but execution needs improvement.The food is good, but the employees are mediocre! I think that they feel like they don't even need to say HI or alert you when your food is ready since they aren't the ones taking the order. 
I was the only person in the restaurant waiting for a mobile order and the lady stared at me and then just put the to-go order on the shelf... Lol, okaayPros:
- Everyone working there seemed very nice
- The food came out very fast
- The "zoodle" option was spectacular
- Great location (walking distance to Reading Terminal Market and across from Mom's Market)
- Nourishing, healthy food available in a customized-to-you way
Cons:
- I'd loved to have more "crunch" options beyond spiced cashews - maybe regular cashews, coconut flakes, etc, 
- I would have loved the option of either a sweeter sauce or the option to mix 2)
- The tables were a little dirty when we sat down even though there weren't many people inside
- The chicken was a bit tasteless
- I didn't *love* the final taste of everything together (most likely because of the lack of sauce options)
I'd probably rate this a 3.5 - I might not be in a rush to come back, but I'd try it again to see if I could create something I liked a little more. Overall it's great to have a healthy option with WARM healthy food too (not just salads) in this weather!My phone died as I took the picture.. bummer. I digress.
Food- My meal was good. Overall the flavors were good and I enjoyed eating it. My negatives would be that the amount of red chili flakes put in were too overpowering for my liking. It also was a decent amount but wish it filled me up more. The garlic bread was just ok.
The service was really good. Quick and ready as soon as we pulled up.The service is good. Was greeted when entered and left. Staff is good , very helpful. I ordered Coconut curry with tofu to-go. One of the main reasons to order this was Jalapeño but they were out of it which I came to know only after the order was placed...oh well I got peppers instead. They were also out of Cilantro which again I got to know after the order was ready...got replaced by parsley and cashews. I was a little disappointed of the missing ingredients but looking at the staff lady who was really sorry about it..I let it go. She was very nice, polite. 
Overall the food I found it dry. It was good spicy (cause I asked to make it spicy) and I liked the cashew bites with tofu and mango but definitely it felt too dry. Quantity wise its good large portion for my appetite so no complains about that!Tastes so good and delivery was so fast but consistency is so all over the place. Beef last time is little cubes. This time it's shredded beef. One time lots of mushrooms. This time can't find any mushrooms. Flavors are on point and everything tastes fresh but never know what to expect.Thanks to Siani for all of your help and remembering my son's brownie. The food is always absolutely wonderful and when ever in town I love to stop in and get something to take home.This is my got to honey grow spot because it's right along my way to and from work and they normally don't disappoint. I've only ever had one other issue with my food from this location. Overall, I normally have a good experience with my food from this location, but today not so much. I order three salads. Two of the salads were done perfectly fine, but the salad (that happens to be for me) was not filled up to the top completely and it was missing one of the ingredients I paid for, which were the Parmesan crisp. The overall presentation looked like I ordered three salads and mine was the last one made by the store associate, so it was just thrown together really quick. I'm sure the missing ingredient was an oversight because things happen, so no big deal. The store associates just need to pay attention morto what they're doing. I thought it was something that deserved some attention. 
Update- 11.20.19 So after they reached out to me, I gave my contact information because I was told I would receive a voucher for a free meal. I never received the voucher. The response to my review was quick, which I appreciated, but the company and its associates/staff lacked follow through!I really enjoy Honeygrow in general, and this location is decent! Clean, order is pretty much always correct, and they are pretty efficient with service, plus a friendly staff. 
I almost always do the build your own stir fry. My favorite stir fry items are:
- egg white noodles
- scrambled egg
- roasted shrimp 
- roasted tofu
- red coconut curry sauce
- jalapeños 
- scallions
- mushrooms
- pineapple
- bell peppers
- spinach
- roasted garlic
- fried shallots
- chili flakes
- fresh lime
I mix up the main protein and always add an egg unless I really am not in the mood for egg. However, I usually go with shrimp and egg the majority of the time. 
I like how if I get extra sauce, this location adds it on the side, so I can add it as I see fit. 
I have tried the pre-selected stir fry bowls, and they are delicious, but I tend to prefer my own creation, so that is what I normally go with. 
I've had the salads. And they are good, but the stir fry is my favorite, so that is what I normally stick with.
I also really like the honeybar items! The fruit is always super fresh. You can't go wrong with any of these options, the pre-selected or the build your own. 
Portions are pretty big, I can often get 2 lunches or a lunch and dinner out of the stir fry. Price is not bad at all for the amount of food you get.This restaurant has now failed to deliver two straight orders, and in both cases have failed to make it right.
I'm sure after I raise enough of a ruckus on Yelp, Google, etc. they'll roll in and try to fix it. But like, a phone call to the manager should be enough. No urgency or intent to fix the problems. And now twice I've been left sitting here hungry and having to scramble to figure out last minute dinner.
Everyone has an off night. This place is having an off year. There's something fundamentally wrong with Honeygrow's business. Might be time to shut it down.Food is definitely the same I believe as the one I had in downtown Brooklyn a few years again, this is one of the few chain salad/noodle/vegetarian places that I know about that vegetarian friends would go to. I stopped here for lunch one day and yes the place is quite busy. I was recommended to go to this place, with a tip to order ahead. Will stop by again.I went to this location for a fundraising event. I have been to other honeygrows before and encouraged five people to come with me. Because of the confusing instructions only 2-5 people's orders were supposedly counted for the fundraiser. On top of that the staff was rude and took the printed flyer from us so no one else could use it to redeem 20% even though it says to just mention it and 20% of your purchase would go to charity. After that I found an uncooked shrimp in my stir fry. The staff rudely informed me that all the shrimps were precooked before they are inserted in the stirfry. I showed the staff a pink shrimp vs a grey shrimp, both in my meal, and they insisted that it was cooked. I know how shrimp is cooked, I know how to cook. I know grey shrimp, is raw shrimp. Unless you marinated it for hours in citrus juice, you can't guarantee I am not getting sick. It took three times of me asking why the shrimp was grey for them to offer to make me more food (not a refund) and I declined because I was afraid they would spit in my food from their attitude.Ohmagaaawwd! So bomb! 
I'm in town for the Flower Show and my coworker picked up some orders for us. I ordered their seasonal Truffle Honey Heat with spicy tofu over brown rice! The flavors were in full force with this one. Tofu was cooked perfectly. I'll most likely eat here again before I head home. If you're reading this review; stop here and go get some Honeygrow!It was 8:30 pm on a Thursday and this girl needed a quick and healthy dinner after a yoga session at home. After a minute of Yelp searching, honeygrow popped up and seemed like the perfect place to pick something up... and it was!
I walked in near closing time (they close at 9:00pm). It was pretty empty with just a few customers placing/picking up their orders. I wasted no time running over to one of their open kiosks to place my order (love places that stay up to date with technology and allow you to place your order on a kiosk - it really speeds up the process!). 
Although honeygrow does allow you to build your own bowl, I chose to get the Garlic Stir-Fry which is one of the signature items on the menu. This bowl normally comes with egg white noodles, chicken, bell peppers, broccoli, pineapple, onion, parsley and spicy garlic sauce, but I decided to make some customizations. Instead of chicken, I decided to get the togarashi spiced turkey, and instead of egg white noodles, I chose whole wheat noodles. Sadly, I was told that they didn't have parsley so I had to pick an alternate garnish. Out of the three choices they gave me, I chose shallots. 
My stir fry was great with a serious kick to it. I was warned that combining both togarashi spiced turkey with the spicy garlic sauce would result in a very spicy dish, but I was willing to take that risk. I really wanted to try both and didn't want to sacrifice either of them! Although it was definitely pretty spicy, I'm really glad I got both. My bowl was fantastic and bursting with flavor! The vegetables were fresh and the sweet pineapple chunks that I got every few bites toned down the spice. 
At just roughly $10 for this bowl, I was very content with my dinner. The bowl was loaded with just the right amount of noodles and plenty of meat. It made for a very sufficient meal! 
I'm sure I'll be returning here on days when I want an easy, healthy, and fulfilling meal. Although there is ample seating to dine in, I loved getting take out and eating in the comfort of my own home. I'm looking forward to trying more of what they have to offer - all of the signature bowls on the menu sound delicious!It's not secret that I really like Honeygrow as a concept. I stopped into this new(ish) location today during a break from work and loved that it has a larger, brighter space than it's counterpart in center city.
The concept is still the same, utilizing the touchscreen you can place your order for a delicious salad, stir fry or honey made with all local ingredients. 
The location is so much better than the 16th street honeygrow and it would have been a five star experience except my tofu was oddly overcooked/gummy.  Will definitely go back!Stopped in regularly when I was staying close to Jefferson hospital. Easy to order, good food, a bit of a price, but leftovers each time.This place is great. The best custom bowls, excellent fruit, and yogurt options, and everything is delicious. Fresh made exactly as you like it. Appropriate portion sizes, clean stores easy to order, easy to use app for touchless experiences. The entree bowls to the yogurt with local honey options are so good!I stopped in for take out but my wife's favorite server Stefany was out sick.  Get well soon.   but no problem I was helped by Antonia and James. And as always the food is so tasty fresh and healthy . I highly recommend it especially if you work at Jefferson hospital at don't want to travel too far.  Honey Grow on 11th St.  between Market and Chesnut is the place to go.This place is my new favorite go to fast casual restaurant. It serves salads, stir fries and also includes desserts as well. The prices range from 9 to $13 for an entrée and around five dollars for dessert. My favorite order is the choose your own stir fry with spicy garlic sauce. It's vegetarian and vegan friendly. The decor is very open and spacious modern and the service is very friendly. There are kiosks where are you choose your own order and pay there is very convenient. The portion is easily 1.5 meals, and you can definitely save some for the next day!  
Overall, if you need a quick bite on the go, and something that won't make you feel disgusting, I highly recommend honey grow!