This is probably my favorite lunch spot in the city.. Quality and fresh food, friendly staff, quick service, good portion and reasonable price! Ca't get any better than that!! Thier avocado toast and apple salad are my go to lunch.. This place is a gem!A really nice surprise! I tried the spicy pork sandwich and it was delicious! They have a nice selection of snacks as well as the basics. I'm also a sucker for animals so I've been guilty of buying something just to play with the cat that wanders around too.Loooove this little place. Super friendly staff and extremely reasonable prices for a fat Italian hoagie with all the fixings.  It was so large that I saved half for another meal.
The hoagie is made to order, so make sure you tell the sandwich guy what you want and he doesn't mind if you're specific with items like, "Just a tiny bit of mayo, please, and extra oil and vinegar if you don't mind."
They have outdoor seating if it's pleasant and inside, just a tiny space for a few people if you want to sit down for a bit.
And if you are desperate and need some butterscotch Krimpets, I'm pretty sure they've gotcha covered.Great deli.  They have unique foods and everything is always clean and fresh.  Nice outdoor seating and wifi.  Owners are very friendly.  The only negative is they are expensive on some items.Stopped in around 10pm on a weeknight for a quick sandwich. I was shocked they were still making fresh sandwiches. I ordered a turkey bacon (obv) club on marble rye. They have like every type of bread which is nice. My sandwich was great and it even came with 2 pickles!! I think it was like $6A great lunch place! This deli has a great selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses. My partner and I eat here entirely way too many lunches probably but it is hard to break loose. We always get the mesquite turkey sandwich on either a Kaiser Roll or Wheat Roll. The sandwiches are prepared as you wait and they are well worth the wait. If the line is long they definitely keep it moving so you are not waiting all day. If you are looking for a great gourmet deli for a quick great sandwich this is the place!While a box of splenda may cost 5.00 and sit alongside various other vastly overpriced items, Rana is a neighborhood favorite.  I love brunch, but on many weekends, nothing beats an egg sandwich from Rana with the New York Times at their outdoor tables.  If you happen to be in the neighborhood, you must stop in for a breakfast sandwich.  Its the ultimate Sunday morning treat.After a couple months of semi-regular patronage, I am pleased to say that "Yay! I'm a fan of Spruce Rana."
I primarily use this little bodega for one or two item shopping trips to get random treat like chips or ice cream.  I did waver a bit between 3 and 4 stars, and their stellar selection of ice cream flavors sealed the fourth star.  Even better - a pint of Ben & Jerry's is only $4.99.  They also carry a reasonable selection of produce and other grocery items for being more of a deli than a grocery market, but the prices are not great. 
The employees have always been pleasant, the fellow shoppers are definitively non-sketchy, and the one breakfast sandwich I have had so far was tasty and toasty warm.Great convenience store with a good range of products and yummy sandwiches! Whatever you might need, I'm sure you'll find it here. Not to mention the fair prices on their chocolate selection (especially the German chocolate!)Let's be honest, I probably would make it a point to come here if it wasn't on my corner, but hey, I must admit it's pretty snazzy for a bodega! They always have what I want including several vegan food items both at the deli and in their cold case. It's way better than a Wawa!The new Spruce Rana is a great little shop on the corner of Spruce and 11th. Recently opened, it takes a higher end approach to the classic convenience store / bodega by carrying higher quality items. 
They make pretty good pannini sandwiches, and offer outdoor seating creating a small cafe atmosphere during the warmer weather.One of my favorite sandwich places! Friendly staff, clean environment, best part, the sandwiches worth every dime! 
Strongly recommend their Avacado Toast! Best one I had so farI can't believe I slept on this place for so long! It's so cute and little and like I went at a really weird time (3pm), but there was only one other person. The prices are really great, comparable to other corner delis in Wash West, but the hoagie was much better! 
Honestly, at a very close by corner deli, I've had a stale roll and "everything on it" doesn't come standard, but here, the roll was soft and fresh, and "everything on it" means mayo, oil, sweet peppers, hot peppers, onion, pickle, lettuce, and tomato! That originally sounded strange to me, combining pickles, peppers, etc., but it turns out this was one of the best "corner deli" hoagies I've ever had! 
Like I know corner delis don't have Sarcone's rolls, but damn, this place puts Wawa to shame. The roll was actually good and tasted fresh! I also feel the need to mention that they have footlong hoagies here (I didn't measure, but they looked longer) when everyone has 8 or 10 inch hoagies. I had the "Julie's Love" which is basically an Italian hoagie with prosciutto. It was great (as great as a hoagie can be), and it was so huge and thick I couldn't even take real bites! I had to only bite small parts off at a time. Honestly, I had to take a break after I ate half of it. Even though I finished it for lunch, people who eat less than I can could probably save the other half for dinner. 
The people who work here are also really great and friendly. I know I've gotten the cold shoulder from another deli just up 12th street... 
If you want the best sandwich in Philadelphia, you won't find it here, but if you don't want to travel too far for a hoagie, you really should come here. 
I know I'm definitely coming back.I've tried their tuna melt sandwich. The salad part was exactly how I hate it: tasted very little tuna due to the high content of mayonnaise. I don't remember any vegetables. I believe when I asked if the salad had celery or onion, the friendly lady smiled and mentioned onion powder? The melted cheese was very melted-cheese-like. Tasty.
On the other hand, their normal salads they have are sooo good. I asked my boyfriend to bring me one when I was working. I happily scarfed down the many hardboiled eggs, bacons, cheeses, tomatoes, chickens and -- oh. Yeah. Cobb Salad.$5 minimum on card. Reminds me of Jay's Deli down the street lol. They both use Boar's Head deli meat too. Good selection of beverages, assortment of chips and other snack foods, as well as ice creams and other knicknacks.I find that convenience stores, for the most part, fall into two categories:
1.  Generic junk items being sold for a higher than necessary price in an uninspired setting.
2.  A convenient place to buy the essentials, but with obvious pride being taken in the store's appearance and offerings.  
Fortunately, Spruce Rana falls into the latter category.
Features:
delicious breakfast sandwiches
La Colombe coffee (served prepared, or whole beans can be purchased)
homemade korean food (kimchi, dumplings, seaweed salad)
friendly staff
good selection of convenience items
and.....
a really adorable cat.
his name is tiger and he sleeps behind the cereal.  he is super friendly and makes a visit to the store that much better.I love these guys. The breakfast sandwiches are great, the wide variety of snacks are great, the hours are great. All in all, I love having this place right around the corner.You cannot go wrong with any of their sandwiches, breakfast or otherwise. Take a look at the signs on the deli counter, there normally are at least 2-3 specials as well. I love their homemade Korean food, located in the refrigerated case right by the entrance. Their dumplings and seaweed salad make for a pretty tasty lunch. Their other convenience items are all thoughtfully selected, I appreciate having this place so close by and knowing that I can grab things like nice coffee, grains that might seem too obscure to see here, and the grab-and-go items like candy and snack bars that are near the register skew towards healthier options than normal.Great hoagies and everything is fresh.  Very friendly environment and very clean.  Wish I had a grocer/deli like this in the bay.Want a convenient corner market with everything? This is it, right on Spruce Street. Walkable from so many spots in center city, and right on the corner with easy access. They have everything, make incredible build to order sandwiches and food with high quality ingredients, and the owner is the nicest of people. Great stop anytime walking by, drink, sandwich, snack or a hello.I was walking down Spruce St on in came across this deli. I was hungry so I stop in and order a Itatian hoagie. It was the best hoagie ever.The guy that made it was very talkative and nice.I think his name starts with a letter T.
I will certainly go to this deli again.Amazing, fast breakfast sandwiches with fresh ingredients and coffee from La Colombe. I'm not sure if it gets any better than this place!I'll knock off 1 star for the wait time, but on my morning stroll to the train station, this is my go-to place for a breakfast sandwich. The staff are really friendly and there is a good selection of snacks.Went here to grab a bite to with friends. I got a panini which was delicious! They have La Colombe coffee too which is my favorite. I'll be coming the 3 blocks here for my morning sandwiches and coffee over Good Karma, which is on my block.I live right around the corner and had idea that this market existed. Maybe it's the small signage, I'm not sure. Anyway, today I was needing a snack and went in. 
They have a nice selection of snacks (organic and health friendly and not). They also had just what I was searching for, honest tea. While I was in a couple of people ordered sandwiches, as they have a deli right when you walk in. If you're not into Di Bruno's or the new fresh markets both a couple of blocks away and are searching for a more "traditional" deli, here you have it. 
Not the best spot around, but for the nice options and convenience, 4 stars.Given the choice between Jay's Deli at 13th and Spruce and Rana at 11th and Spruce....pick Jay's.
The woman behind the counter this morning without notice upcharged my breakfast sandwich by a dollar. Pointed out that her sign said $1 less. After paying I gave her sandwich back saying she could keep the dollar she cheated me out of along with her sandwich. Went to Jay's. Got a better sandwich for much less. 
I work a block from each Deli and have always recommended both to many people on a daily basis. Going to suggest Jay's only from now on.
Also, no cats at Jay's walking all over the food prep stations. Another disgusting aspect of Rana.This place is awesome with great food. TODD is the sweetest most wonderful cook and I love when I come in and he's there with a smile. Coffee is pretty decent here too.Spruce Rana is a cornerstone of the neighborhood.  The tables outside are a regular spot for folks looking to meet up with friends and neighbors, grab a cup of La Colombe (only $1.25 for a "tall" I think) and a tasty sandwich (everything from egg & cheese for brekkies to vegetarian chicken cheesesteak), and watch the world go by.This new little deli is a great addition to the neighborhood.  They sell various unique snacks and make excellent sandwiches.  You can also get quirky things like "Detox" or "Weight Loss" Teas.  And they even sell panko!
Two gripes:
1 - Heaven forbid there be more than one person in line.  It takes a long time for them to make any sandwich, and if they have to make more than one - count on spending at least 15 minutes waiting.
2 - Who gave them the right to charge those insane prices!?   
I work one block away, but I only go here when really sick of my mainstays.This place is a super trendy spot in Washington Square West.  Close to my house, really good selection of gourmet food, vegetarian sandwiches, great breakfast sandwiches for the weekenders, and a solid cup of joe.  Pricey, but good for grabbing a couple of special items.The owners are so nice here, and the sandwiches are great. Fresh breads and lots of groceries to choose from.This is one of my favorite bodegas in the city. The staff is super nice and prices are average. They have some vegan food items, which is a plus. My favorite part is Rana the kitten!I live around the corner and probably go to this place 3-4 times a week. Consistent food and great service. They have solid breakfast sandwiches!I visit this deli all of the time because it's so conveniently located. In addition to sandwiches, bagels and wraps, they have all of the basic groceries (eggs, milk, coffee, cereal) so you don't have to go all of the way to acme or whole foods to grab a snack. 
The spicy Korean chicken wrap is bomb. I can't get enough of it. After trying it the 2nd or 3rd time I came here, it's hard for me to order anything else. It has the perfect about of spice and sweetness and is a great size for lunch. 
There's also a super cut cat that wanders around behind the counter.Yummy, yummy, yummy  --- Spicy Tuna in a Spinach Wrap. Don't hesitate, try it!!!!When I first moved into the neighborhood I was happy to have a cute deli not even a block away! I was surprised by their selection of gourmet snacks but also just regular drinks and cooking supplies. I thoroughly enjoy their breakfast sandwhiches and the "Kevin's Favorite" panini.  
The owner, Joon, was always very pleasant and the woman (I think his wife) working the cashier was incredibly nice to me. After chatting about how I love Korean food she sent me home with some of her kimchi and dumplings as a gift. Her little girl was behind the counter coloring.
Recently, two employees got into an argument with each other while I was in the store. It got pretty heated. I wasn't too happy about this and talked to the manager. They were extremely apologetic and promised me they would fix the problem! I was very happy with how they solved a once unsatisfied costumer!Imagine my surprise when I walked in the deli, expecting to get a simple sandwich with quality meat and nice mustard but found instead that I could have a Korean spicy pork wrap!!  It was fabulous, and a nice way to sate a daegi bulgogi craving.  Really love the cuisine crossover.This deli makes delicious breakfast sandwiches the way they should be!! You will not find premade round gross egg patties here. The eggs are fresh, cheese is melty, and the bacon is real. They always have a nice selection of bagels to choose from too. For a Smart Water and a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel it ran me about $5.25. You seriously can'beat that.
They have a wide variety of snacks, LaColombe coffee, and ready made foods, too! This place is the best.Rana has a great vegetarian sandwich menu (veggie chicken cheese steak, veggie cuban are 2 of my favorites), for a vegan option the veggie hoagie sans cheese is really good.  One of my summer staples.  
They serve La Columbe coffee and have bags of it for sale, good salads, and, wait for it.... VEGAN MARSHMALLOWS!  Okay maybe you don't love and miss marshmallows the way I do , but for those like me, it's a real treat.
It's a bit pricey.  That's a one-star deduction.I moved back into center city two months ago and this was the first store I went into for "gotta have it right now" and the entire staff were so warm and welcoming.  They have great sandwiches and offer fresh fruit cups daily.  Now I am hooked on freshly sliced mango's.This review is also on google:
I like this place for my basic needs. As for food, I would not recommend unless you check the expiration date. I've experience  two times when I went in there to buy the garden pasta in the fridge and some other Asian food only to get home and realize it was had expired for a long time! One product was 2 weeks and the other was a few months. Of course the owner was kind enough to accept my return but his first question after I told him the product was expire was, "did you taste it?". As if to resell again? So unless one wants to get food poisoning go for it and eat up!I frequent this store alot and their staff is super friendly and they work very hard to please each person they serve.  I did order a cheese/crackers/lunch meat party tray and i have to tell you it was the finest selection of really good cheese/crackers & the meat was good. :) they do an assortment of trays at a fair price and offer delivery.  Their fruit trays are equally impressive.Got a bacon, egg, and cheese here. It was the best one I've ever had - and about the same price as at Dunkin Donuts. Service was friendly and super fastThis place is okay. it is a small market, so not your best bet for buying stuff like sugar and what not.  I have heard they have outdoor tables outback, but unfortunately i am always in a hurry when i am here, so i have never been able to enjoy the outdoor seating that i think is outback. If the seating is outback, then you would go through the building and out behind the building to get to it. It would be in the back of the place basically. I would assume that it would not be hard to find. 
I checked out their turkey melt one time. it was the tops! Not really, it was okay, i just enjoy saying that phrase, it makes me feel like it is the 1800s again or something along those lines. I did like how they put a decent amount of mayonaisse on it. Although I don't like mayo, i can handle it for some reason, if there is a lot on a sandwich. 
The  place has a great selection, i would suggest trying something different when you are here. Lots of stuff that you won't see in too many places or at least places that I tend to go to. I usually got to a lot of the same places, but have been trying to spread my wings a little lately and try out some different. This was a good start.Went here on a suggestion from a good friend who works close by. They use Boars Head lunch meat and their prices are reasonable for a deli in center city. I got a Jewish hoagie and it was just the right amount of meat and toppings. Everything was fresh and the wait to get it-I called in-was awesome. I called, and 5 minutes later walked in and my sandwich was ready. And the staff was just really friendly! All in  all a great place to grab a fresh and delicious sandwich and be greeted like you're family. I'll be back.This is a neighborhood gem!  Clean, well organized, good variety and friendly staff.  The deli uses Boars Head deli products and sandwiches have generous portions.  The egg salad is made to order, the chicken salad is freshly made on-site and wonderful.  The small, but quality selection of Baked good are fresh from a bakery and refreshed throughout the week. Fresh egg sandwiches with bacon or sausage are made on a panini press (not in microwave) providing a wonderful grilled flavor.  The latest addition, a home-made banana pudding with fresh cut bananas and vanilla wafers is addictive.  Fresh fruit salads made each day.  So glad that Spruce Rana has evolved into the Honey Bee!  It is my go to deli for every breakfasts and many lunches.  Their catering is also awesome and prepared with great care and pride.  The store team is wonderful!
Thanks Honey Bee for all you provide to our neighborhood!This is a neighborhood gem!  Clean, well organized, good variety and friendly staff.  The deli uses Boars Head deli products and sandwiches have generous portions.  The chicken salad is freshly made on-site and wonderful.  The small, but quality selection of Baked good are fresh from a bakery and refreshed throughout the week. Fresh egg sandwiches with bacon or sausage are made on a panini press (not in microwave) providing grilled flavor.  So glad that Spruce Rana has evolved into the Honey Bee!  Simply delightful!This is such an adorable neighborhood deli!
I stopped by for a breakfast sandwich, and it was pretty good for what it was! Even though both were precooked, the egg was soft and fluffy and the bacon was nice and crunchy -- just how I like it! It comes with american cheese, and gets warmed in a panini press.Cute little deli & convenience store. 
The food we ordered was fresh and good quality and they staff were friendly. 
Definitely on my lunch radar going forward.Absolute neighborhood gem!! Their sandwiches and paninis are fresh and flavorful, and the service is quick. They have a fairly extensive menu, but my personal favorite is the chipotle chicken panini. Also highly recommend their avocado toast!Great little corner store! :) Great little corner store! :) Great little corner store! :) Great little corner store! :) Great little corner store! :)Super tasty and reasonable breakfast croissants! Although they ran out of bagels on a Sunday by about 3pm, the croissant was a good alternative. Bacon, turkey sausage, egg and cheese. Added hot sauce and well and that added the perfect amount of flavor. For about $4-$5 bucks, just what I needed. The store also has a bunch of La Colombe coffee options, a wide selection of corner store options, and a full deli.Delicious! Fresh ingredients. Have never had a disappointing sandwich, salad,wrap. Specialty sandwiches great too. Nice menu.A great local deli in the city. Some of the best sandwiches around and at a very affordable price! One of my favorite spots to grab a quick bite. Very quick service and the food never disappoints.Still love this place. Husband wanted a breakfast sandwich so he ordered from Honey Bee's and went to pick it up. I didn't know how in the mood I was for a pork roll*, egg, and cheese on an english muffin until I took a bite. It was perfection and hit the spot.
*It's pork roll. Taylor Ham is a brand, not the thing. Periodt.American Hoagie - YUM! Great place to stop for a quick, customizable sandwich.I just moved to Center City from South Jersey and one of my biggest concerns about this move was my ability to find a decent American hoagie. It's going to sound insane but I hate Wawa and I did not want THAT to be the only way to get a good hoagie. 
My apartment is between two delis, this one and another one. Being a big honey lover, the bee logo drew me to this one so I tried it out for my first hoagie craving.
I went in, ordered over the deli counter, and he gave me a post it with the price. I looked around a bit but really I just wanted the hoagie so I turned around to pay and eventually the other person came over for that. Easy stuff.
I noticed that the guy sliced the meats for the sandwich fresh. This wasn't no typical setup where there is sliced meat chilling in a container waiting for someone to order a sandwich and then the dude grabs a hunk of sliced meat and throws it down. This guy sliced up the meat and made the sandwich with it and I could tell I was getting a hoagie made with love. He handed it over when he was done, I took it home, and I unwrapped it. It was beautiful. I took a bite and realized that the lettuce was romaine not wilted sliced up iceberg. The roll was soft. Everything tasted so fresh!
As of now, this is my go-to American hoagie spot. I am always on the lookout for a dope hoagie so I might try some of the others anyway since lucking out on my first choice feels so weird. But at least I know I can get a good hoagie in the city!Solid sandwiches. Pretty quick service. There are plenty of places like it in the area, this just happens to be really convenient to my house. On the rare occasion that I want a hoagie this is my go to spot.
A few caveats: 
1. Chip selection is kind of weak. 
2. Do NOT eat the potato salad. I've made this mistake 2 twice. It's sweet which is weird to me. I just like a more basic potato salad. This one is all fancied up with... sweet relish, maybe?
3. There is a cat. Doesn't bother me but if you're allergic that might be a concern for you.
Meets my basic needs. Wouldn't go out of the way if it weren't convenient.My boyfriend just moved to Center City, and we woke up one morning needing a hangover cure...aka a breakfast sandwich. After doing some searching on Yelp, we decided to try this deli out because it was less than a block away from his house. Knowing there was no shot I'd be able to stand in a deli waiting for a sandwich, I called in our order ahead of time. When we walked into the deli, it was more than I expected - it's actually a little corner store! The breakfast sandwich was pretty good and now we know where to go if we need anything random for the house.Exactly what I need from a corner deli! I can grab a quick sandwich for dinner (there are some veggie options) and maybe some pantry staples too if I need them. Staff is also so friendly. Do be sure to bring you own bag!