Hoof + Fin can be very Hit or Miss.
The bread sticks with their delicious aioli is a very nice touch. 
The first time we went, I had one of their specials - a Roast Suckling Pig. One of the best meals I've ever eaten, absolutely fantastic. (One nit: it came with pureed sweet potatoes, not a favorite of mine. The chef would not substitute it with another starch - I understand at fancy places chefs refuse to alter dishes... but we were one of four tables at the time)
My date ordered the scallops entree which was very tasty, but considered a small portion for the price.
On our second time, I had the paella (or whatever it's called on the menu). Certainly good, not great, but I would recommend something else and satisfy your paella urge at a Spanish restaurant.
The ceviche as an appetizer was also very good.
When you go (and it's not 100 degrees out), make sure to sit on their back patio! Very cute, feels miles away from the city.Bottom line: a cozy BYOB in a great neighborhood; it gets crowded and loud (for me, a plus).  Stick to the appetizers and small plates.  Ask for  recommendations to avoid underwhelming offerings.
SECOND VISIT
Went here on New Year's day for dinner on a whim with some friends.  Again, I'd have to say the first courses are great, but the main courses were salty and otherwise underwhelming.  We started with the empanadas (corn and cheese - yum), arepas (people were happy), a beet salad with frisee (perfectly tart dressing, yummy beets and goat cheese), and the clam soup (EAT THIS), which was light and had a really good combo of flavors.  I wish I'd ordered the soup for main course. 
Two of us ordered the malbec braised short rib pappardelle, and were happy but not raving.  I gorged on the arroz a la gallega - chocked with lots of fresh shellfish and fish, but way salty, as before.  Colin was happy with the creamy polenta with romesco sauce (which we learned was a Catalan sauce of pine nuts, garlic and olive oil. Sold!). 
I stand by the first review that it is a 2.5 for food.  The ingredients are fresh and the atmosphere is great, but the main dishes just aren't cutting it.
FIRST VISIT
Got a reservation for five at 8pm calling earlier in the day.  Not too hard to get for a Saturday night, but the place was definitely full.  A crisp fall evening, perfect for a group dinner in a boisterous dining room (if you're into that kind of thing; it sure did get loud!).  The atmosphere was really cozy, wait staff was friendly without being overbearing.  Since it was a snug fit, we got to chatting with our neighbors who recommended against the Fish of the Day (Scottish Salmon), and highly recommended tuna taquitos.
For five, we share tuna taquitos, gnocchi, cornmeal crusted calamari, and empanadas.  Tuna taquitos: four mini taquitos of rare tuna in crispy, not-greasy shells topped with a mango lime slaw.  Awesome - the highlight of the dinner for me.  Gnocchi: we agreed it was overcooked and underwhelming, but who said it was an Argentinean specialty?  The chimichurri served with the empanadas was fresh and fragrant.  Yums.
Somehow we ended up getting the same 2 dishes for main plates - 2 of us got the "lamb three ways" (roasted leg, grilled rib, and sausage) and 3 of us got the spare rib braised in malbec.  Jeff didn't care for the braised rib at all, and I didn't hear raves from the the other 2, either.  I enjoyed my grilled rib and the lentils cassoulet-style; the serving of the leg was huge, perfectly done and tender, but it could have used more trimming -  a bit fatty; the lamb sausage didn't have any love to give - it was overdone and the seasonings were nuked out except for a hint of sage. Oh well.
It came out to under $45 a piece.  I'd give 2.5 stars if I could because the food wasn't great, and that includes narrowly avoiding ordering bad salmon.  But the I love the neighborhood, the atmosphere, and was happy enough when we left that I'd come back to try again.I am unsure as to why more people haven't discovered their brunch.  Sit on the back patio and enjoy a lazy weekend day with a carafe of bloody mary mix and such deliciousness as tartare with quail egg.  Or an amazing breakfast sandwich.  Or an Argentinean rendition of eggs benedict with juicy steak and chimichurri.  Skip the panqueques, but everything else is  satisfying.I had the pleasure of dining at hoof + fin last Friday.  On short notice, my friends and I needed a byob that was good for large groups (party of 7).  Hoof + Fin to the rescue!  As an added bonus, we were seated in the courtyard, which is lovely when the weather is nice.
I ordered the arugula salad because I am a fiend for peppery greens.  Overall, I loved the simplicity - arugula, shaved gran a padano, olive oil and coarse sea salt.  My one minor gripe is that I thought the sea salt was a bit overpowering.  However, I am extremely salt sensitive, so take that into consideration.  I sampled mr. H's corn and cheese empanadas and they were yummy.  The sweet corn flavor was a nice surprise.
For my main, I ordered the sangria braised short ribs, which were fall off the bone yummy.  I thought the blueberries and mandarin orange on top were a bit weird, but I assume they were included to go with the sangria theme?  At any rate, that complaint was easily rectified by just sliding off the fruit.  Besides, the creamy chimichurri more than made up for things.  The potato tortilla side and tomato watercress salad rounded the meal off nicely.  I would definitely order again.
I was able to sneak a taste of the pappardelle with malbec braised short ribs and the grilled skirt steak.  Both were tasty.  
I definitely recommend hoof + fin (well, the hoof side) for a nice, casual, leisurely meal.- very tasty breadstick crackers with red pepper aioli
- appetizer special: watermelon gazpacho with lime shrimp ceviche. The gazpacho was smooth, and had bits of oil floating on top, but was delightfully refreshing. The shrimp was meaty and sat in a nice little ball in the middle of the soup dish. It was garnished with a marinated cucumber strip
- Butternut squash puree which I selected for my entree of scallops was tasty, but needed salt
- Scallops were yummy, but could have been more tender. The grilled veggies I chose to go with them turned out to be an unimpressive combo of oily squash and red onion
- Boyfriend liked his sangria braised short rib, but the Spanish tortilla was too much of a bland potato with too much sharp cheese 
- Service was fine, nothing spectacular at all, though the place was crowded.This was a very disappointing meal for a special occasion. I had family visiting me for my birthday and chose not to make a reservation at any restaurant to keep things flexible. At 6:20 I called Hoof + Fin to see there availability. The person who answered told me they could seat our party of 4 at 8 p.m. outside only. Though this was a ways away and we were hungry we accepted. When we arrived there were about 6 four-tops open inside and the waitress told us there was no seating outside. I complained that we were told that there were not any reservations until 8 p.m. (when there were clearly tables open) and that we would be seated outside. She argued that they don't take reservations based on location. When I asked to see the manager she told me that I couldn't because he was cooking. This put an immediate sour taste in our mouths. After some complaining we were seated outside at a small table with mis-matched chairs. 
The waiter was quite verbose, we received appetizers within about 20 minutes but it did take an hour and half to receive our entrees. The waiter apologized several times that the kitchen was backed up. We ordered a paella type dish, 2 scallop plates and a fluke. All were mediocre at best and each member of our party had expressed that individually. The scallops were not much better than I could have cooked them myself and the fries and grilled vegetable were luke warm and not exciting at all. My paella type dish was very bland and lacked complexity. I had acid burn on my tongue when I left the restaurant because of the amount of lemon I had to squeeze on it to give it some flavor. The fluke was incredibly sweet and lacked any acid or heat to mellow it out. 
Parties that were seated after us were told right away that there would be a long wait for their food. We all felt disappointed in the food and that we had paid $25 for parking on South Street to avoid missing our reservation. We were not at all eager to try dessert even though it was my birthday. In the end I could think of at least 10 restaurants within walking distance that serve better food. Next time I'm in the neighborhood I will be much more excited to try Hosteria Da Elio or Adsum before considering eating here again.If you're looking for a steak-centric BYO, Hoof & Fin's skirt steak for around $20 serves up one of the most flavorful, well-grilled pieces of meat in the city for a great price.
The steak was the standout, the provencial fries were excellent, and the empanadas were good but I'm a sucker for pastry-wrapped meat.
That's what she said.A great addition to Queen Village for sure...my wife and I visited Hoof + Fin for brunch Sunday and were (sadly) the only people in the restaurant.  Sure it was a little drizzly, maybe it was a bit too early (11:30), or maybe the word simply hasn't gotten out yet.  Either way, the service was good (it should have been being the only patrons), the coffee fresh and strong, and the food fresh & well prepared.
I had the Scramble Egg Gramajo with bacon, shoe string fries, tomato confit, and provolone cheese which was out of this world.  It was served with a small side salad and was the perfect portion size.  My wife had the panqueque (which they have in both sweet & savory and are similar to crepes) filled with mushrooms, sundried tomato puree, provolone, sour cream & truffle oil.  Also, an added kick to brunch was the complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.  Great atmosphere and music also...
While they have a sandwich board outside noting their brunch and complimentary drink they do not have their brunch menu posted.  I saw many people walk up to read it then walk away without finding what they wanted.  Granted, I think there were two other tables in the restaurant when we left but this restaurant is certainly worth more.  Hopefully the positive words will continue to spread and the reservations we had will actually be necessary in the future.  I look forward to going back and enjoying dinner and their back patio area (which was closed due to the weather).  
This is a great new addition to the Queen Village area a half block away from the craziness of South Street.  I highly recommend the brunch and will post again once I sample their dinner...enjoy!Had a chance to try this place last week and was definitely not disappointed.  It's a great use of the space in Queen Village and fits right in with the neighborhood.  When I arrived for dinner, the restaurant was empty, but it filled up around 7:30 or 8:00 and was bustling when we left.  The service was attentive and our server had a good grasp of the menu, which I think is important in a small BYOB place.
The atmosphere was quaint, and the patio is open now that the weather is nice and next time I definitely plan on checking it out.  Within the restaurant, the decorations are simple and clean, and complement the cuisine well.
Now for the meat of the review.  I really wanted to try the grill tasting special, but I'm not a fan of sweetbreads, and since it was my first time here I wanted to try a pasta dish also.  The Gnocchi was fantastic, being a little light in a rich truffly butter sauce.  I then arroz a la gallega, which was like a paella with well seasoned seafood.  My friend got the softshell crab special with a strawberry sauce that was very tasty as well.
I can't comment too much on the tres leches cake, because I only got one bite before my friend inhaled the rest.  She really seemed to enjoy it, haha.
Overall a great BYOB that I definitely plan on visiting again.went to check this small byo out on a Friday night, the host squeezed us in before a later res so that was clutch. The weather was splendid so we had a bottle of white and it paired well with the Argentinean fare.
We ate the pulpo ceviche, which was fresh and well done. 
We also had the gnocchi (hit or miss at the table, I enjoyed them) in a sage brown butter. Also had a paella like saffron rice seafood dish and a skirt steak topped with lump crab. dessert was a tres leches cake, not the best I've had but also not the worst.
I enjoyed mostly everything, but wasn't necessarily wowed by anything. Will be back to check out their prix-fixes menus and to check out their outdoor patio seating.I went back to Hoof + Fin two weeks ago, and it's even better than it was before, which is just outstanding.  Our party ordered almost everything on the menu (minus the pasta).  The crudo/ceviche was simply divine -- so flavorful and perfectly balanced.  The asado platter was done to perfection -- and the sweetbreads were a nice surprise (and perfectly cooked).  I am so happy to have a place like this in my town.  I have a feeling I'll be a regular there this summer... with a bottle of wine and the outdoor seating.... so happy!Dined here Sunday afternoon with my family. There was no one else dining there. Service was attentive. The food was good: corn and cheese empanadas, crab empanadas, grilled fish sandwich, Spanish potato tortilla. Nothing outstanding here would bring me back, though.This review is for brunch only.  We have yet to be here for dinner, though it's in the works!
A few reviewers mentioned that the brunch is to "classy" - not the type of place to get pancakes and home fries.  Yeah, it's not.  If you want that - don't go here for brunch.  What they do serve up is wonderful twists on my favorite brunch meals.  Their eggs benedict includes pulled pork with an amazing drizzle.  Is it normal eggs benny?  Nope, but that's what makes it amazing.   They have a super tasty "breakfast sandwich" which is delicious as well.  Yeah, they do an omelet too.  
Plus - hello - on the weekends you get a FREE mimosa or bloody mary's with your brunch.  I'm always shocked when we go on a weekend and the place is not packed.  Where is everyone?  Did they not see the FREE drink sign?  (Prices average from $9-13 for brunch, but factor in a free drink and it's a bargain.)
The staff is always lovely, you can see into the kitchen (a big plus for me) and they have a gorgeous patio space out back.  We often go before we head over to the farmer's markets at Headhouse.  
My advice: Check it out.  On a day you're not in the mood for pancakes with homefries.So excited that Hoof and Fin exists!!!!!
This byo has outstanding orange mint tea- just like my grandmother's!  Get the caraffe... I promise you'll finish it!
The staff is very knowledgeable.  I've had a few of the pastas and they were divine.  I love how their ingredients are super fresh and local!  
I just went back this past Sunday and to my delight, the back patio was open!  I anticipate this being a regular spot throughout the summer!Ridiculously delicious meal. While the name sounds a bit like a British Pub, the food is Argentinian inspired steak and seafood house. We shared the fluke carpaccio appetizer which was good and I had a caraffe of their homemade iced tea which I could not stop drinking. I could have been hooked up to receive these citrus and mint infused fluids by IV. The grilled choices were my favorite. You choose one protein (either meat or fish, and there are several options under each), one starch and one vegetable. I had grilled branzino, the whole fish of the day. Husband had rib eye served with chimmichurri sauce.  Our sides were provencal fries (which were super thick, pretty much a whole potato cut in sixths) seasoned with garlic and parsely, tomato salad, yams, baby green salad. Wish I could have also ordered the butternut squash...several good options. Dessert options were panqueques (crepes with dulce de leche) or the tres leches cake. We ordered the cake which was amazingly moist, fluffy and flavorful. It was a layer of yellow sponge cake, thick layer of fresh whipped cream and a couple of berries on top, sitting in a film of sweetened milk on the plate. I thought the prices were very reasonable, ranging from $20-$30+ for our entrees. The atmosphere is great - wooden tables, white washed walls, exposed brick, dim electric bulb lights, pictures of horses... They also take reservations and are BYO.Fabulous!!!! Everything about this restaurant was 5 star. The service was impeccable, the food was incredible. I had salmon with smashed yam and roasted vegetables. Every item was perfection. The other diners has the braised short ribs, carbonara stew and the fluke. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their meal. The banana bread pudding was "to die for". 
Can't wait to return the next time I'm in Phylly!!!!We made a reservation for 8 people at 8:30 this past Friday evening which it was about 100 degrees. When we arrived, we were told they were not ready for us unless we wanted to sit outside. We declined. My husband and I started with the watermelon gazpacho with crabmeat, which was hearty and delicious. I had the unbelievable skate wing (the butternut squas puree underneath was to die for!) and my husband had the mixed grill. Even for a serious carnivore, he thought this was a lot of food. We did not have dessert at Hoof and Fin and instead walked to Phileo. The food was great, I love the ambience of the place. We would definitely go again and hope they are cranking the A.C.It has been quite the saga trying to come here to eat, beginning about 9 months ago, when the man and I got married. See our problem is that O'Neal's is just waaaaaay too close and we always get stuck there. Finally, last week, we made it.
Decor/ambiance: Very nice, but on the dark side. I could understand how it could get noisy when packed. Nicely set tables (IMO-I like sitting at a "rustic" table). Also, nice bathrooms. 
Service: Excellent. Chris our waiter was the star of the evening. Very accommodating. Our table was for 7, but we were at O'Neal's and decided to have one more drink (see told you), so I asked for 7:30, not a problem. Great table side manners.
Food: Unfortunately, this is where H+F looses those 2 stars. Their amuse bouche was a chickpea salad that wasn't very exciting/original and was served with saltine crackers (??). We ordered the chicken liver pate, mussels and gnocchi to start. Pate...well, let's put it this way...I want to swim in a pool of it and eat my way out. Topped with homemade strawberry it was our favorite app. Mussels were good, but overly salted. Did enjoy the frites that came with them. Alas, the gnocchi were just...okay, which breaks my heart.  They weren't as delicate and profound as I had hoped. Sigh. Where in this city can I feed my crippling gnocchi addiction?!
I had their version of paella, which was a good serving and had plenty of fresh seafood, but again was a little too salty. And the Mr. had the..emm..."plate 'o meat", which included hanger steak, pork, sausage, blood sausage, and a whole bunch of other meat topped with a fried egg. Considering he hails from Ireland, the lad was practically weeping over the fact they had (GOOD) blood pudding. Very nice dish, but a little too much animal for this lady. 
Got our desserts to-go, the chocolate cake and the tress leche cake. Both were middle of the road, but I was very pleased to see a homemade tres leche cake.
So not a life-changing experience, but not awful. I'll return and try other dishes or just request a kiddie pool of the pate to lounge in.I had my first dinner there with 5 friends. The noise is deafening  and perhaps some sort of noise reducing  tricks could be used.  Service was very good despite the fact that the place was packed.  Our server was polite, friendly and knowledgeable.  The food arrived in due time and was hot and served all at same time on both the appetizer and dinner courses.  There were some inconsistencies though.  The pappardelle  with short rib ragu tasted very much like a fresh can of tomatoes was just recently added to  shore up a diminishing pot.  One of my guests ordered chorizo as an addition to the skirt steak and it was not chorizo but Italian sausage.  The rest of the dinner was very good and I think it is best to  eat there, as in most of Philly BYOBs , during the week when the noise levels will be lower and the kitchen with less stress are  more at the top of their game.I have to bump the brunch up one star.  Went back again this weekend.  Menu is still mildly pretentious, but I got the egg sandwich this time, and I can't deny the deliciousness of the drippy yolk or brioche bun.  I think the chefs have hit their stride.
Also, sitting outside in the courtyard + a free mimosa really sweetens the deal.Hoof + Fin. I was hooked when I first heard the name, and it just got better from there. 
Instead of bread, we received bread sticks with an addictive, yummy,red peppery mayonnaise-y sauce. Delicious. It took some restraint to not lick it all up. Luckily, the wine hadn't hit me yet. 
The cornmeal-crusted calamari was mixed with sweet peppers and a sweet orange sauce - YUM. The scallops were grilled to perfection and I savored each bite. The buttermilk mashed potatoes were good (but I think mine are the best) and the grilled veggies were delicious. 
My boyfriend ordered the Wednesday sampler, which is a sample of all of their meats. He was practically licking his plate at the end. 
We split the dessert that came with the sampler. I can't remember what it was called - it was a crepe filled with dulce de leche, I believe. Again, YUM. 
There was live music by an accordion player, which was nice. Our waiter was attentive and nice enough. I was a little freaked out by the chef/cook who stared at me throughout my entire meal, but as I ate and drank, I let it slide because everything was that good. 
The paper menu, I think, is a clue that the menu will change as seasons change, and I will be going back to this place to see what's new. Also looking forward to trying their brunch.I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. The food is rich and mediocre and the atmosphere is just average.
If you live in the neighborhood, give this place a try. Otherwise, there are about 20 other places I would recommend over this restaurant.Called for a week to make reservations and no one answered the phone. 
Stopped in Monday at 7 to have dinner, and it was closed....permanently?!?Food:  2.5 stars
Service:  3.5 stars
Atmosphere/Ambiance:  4 stars
This place has great potential but I wasn't impressed by the food.  The little chickpea sampler dish you get in the beginning was very tasty and such a tease b/c our beet salad w/ gorgonzola app was just ok.  For $8 I expected a little something more.  The meat sampler for 2 ($46) was decent.  My bf liked the lamb and hanger steak the best and I was sort of indifferent about everything, even the shortribs since I like them Korean-style over any other style.  The sweetbread was ok and the blood sausage freaked my bf out a little but I thought it was pretty tasty.  The chorizo tasted much better the next morning in an omelette I made.  The server was enthusiastic, attentive and kind but I was disappointed with the food given the great pictures on Yelp and the reviews.  Maybe I'm biased because I was looking for an Argentine place very similar to the one I love in midtown Manhattan...Hoof + Fin is a good restaurant. They do what they do well. The seafood is prepared with skill and attention. I appreciated how the fish/seafood is allowed to take center stage instead a myriad of ingredients that don't really go together, as is often the case with many restaurants today. We did not sample any of the beef, but if they do the seafood this well, then the beef should be presumably good as well.
My only slight knock against H+F is the music: too loud! The ambiance is nice with the plain wood and low lighting. I just think the music is too loud. Couples may actually want to talk without going hoarse.Have dined at Hoof + Fin twice for dinner - each time with a very good crowd on a weekend night and each experience has been delightful. The interior space is nice and cozy while the outdoor patio, hidden from the street, was a very nice way to experience the beautiful weather without eating outside on the street corner. 
The food was very good and the menu inventive. I have managed to taste different types of food that I had never eaten before (including a fish likened to a giant piranha). Among our group, the food mostly hit, although there were a couple of bland misses here and there. The portion sizes seemed a bit small to me for the price (or I just have an oversized appetite) but the food overall is 4 star quality. Additionally, there is something to be said for a place where it is easy to have a good time - the atmosphere outside and inside and the friendly staff helped us to enjoy ourselves on each occasion. Even with the same great people, some places are more conducive to a fun evening than others. Hoof + Fin passes that test with flying colors.Great new BYO in Queen Village!  
We were a party of 4 and were seated in their outdoor patio which is quaint but large enough for 7 tables.  
All the entrees were great.  We started off with the fluke carpaccio with grapefruit and red onions.  Very light and refreshing.  Our friends had the  raw Tuna app and they said it was amazing.  We also had the crab avocado salad which had hearts of palm in it.  I was larger then expected and the taste was fresh and light.   Our friends tried the empanadas which were huge.  With all the appetizers we could have made it a meal.  
For the main entrees we had the scallops which were grilled.  They were some of the largest scallops I have ever eaten!  Well prepared.  I also had the side on pureed parsnips which were sweet and yummy !   My husband had the skirt stake which he said was good but our friend had the Sangria braised short ribs which he stated were some of the best he had ever had and could taste the sangria that they were braised in.  Our other friend had the skate which was light and buttery.  We all said we would definitely go back!  
The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  Great experience and nice outdoor seating!This is strictly a brunch review.  We ate here for a friend's birthday and sat outside on a perfect Fall day.  We brought champers for mimosas and started with a fruit salad "for the table."  Unfortunately the portion was a bit small for sharing but the bananas were particular good.
I had the panqueques, a word that looks like "pancake" but is actually more of a crepe, filled with mushrooms, sour cream and truffle oil.  Wow, it was rich but tasty.  My boyfriend ordered the steak + eggs which I would have to say I liked better than the dish I ordered.  The steak was medium rare and cooked to perfection.
I had also the rum soaked yellow cake which was a sweet end to our brunch. I am looking forward to trying Hoof and Fin for dinner soon!So glad a really great BYO took up Gayle's old spot. Food, service and atmosphere all really interesting and done well. Prices fair... No buyer's remorse! Try the skate!Best steak in philly! And possibly the most romantic date spot.
Their brunch is hit and miss, but I can't wait for it to even out. I love the waitstaff and the free mimosa with brunch.Disclaimer: I've only been here for brunch, so this is a brunch review. 
3.5 stars. That's right yelp, 3.5. I'm not conforming to your whole star fascism anymore. 
Itching to indulge in some Sunday brunch without a 1.5 hour line and some serious attitude (I'm looking at you, Morning Glory Diner), we headed over to new-ish kid on the block, Hoof & Fin. No line, a smidge of attitude (thanks to waitress). 
I loved their outdoor space. This restaurant is a converted house by South Street, so it really feels like you're dining in your own backyard. I liked being al fresco, yet not on the street. ALSO, you get a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary. Well played, H & F. 
Here's what I didn't love...the menu is a bit ambitious, and you have to be in the mood for a "gourmet" brunch. It was classy, sure, but all I really wanted was to dive head first into a plate of scrambled eggs or buttermilk pancakes. Oh they HAVE pancakes, but they're called "Panqueques," and they come with items such as Sopressata and Dulche de Leche. Delicious? Surely, but there's a time and a place. 
I ordered the Scramble Egg Gramajo - shoe string fries, tomato confit, provolone cheese (also comes with bacon, but I omitted). Gramajo is just the name of the guy who invented the recipe. It was subtle and tasty, but those eggs were not scrambled. The items were more or less layered into a airy omlet-like pocket. It was good, it just wasn't what I was expecting. 
Dining companion got poached eggs "Argentinian style," with short ribs. The chimchurri was GREAT. Although, I think this is too much meat for me in the morning. 
To sum up: I found Hoof & Fin to be very good. I liked the atmosphere, and I can imagine that dinner would be delicious. Brunch was good, I just know it's a certain kind of brunch, a Mother's Day brunch, if you will, not cure-a-hangover brunch. 
Happy eating, everyone!What a nice surprise this restaurant is! I love the decor, and I think the service is outstanding, but what really sets it apart is the food.  I asked the chef how he did his meats, and it turns out they cook everything over wood chip-fueled fire, and not gas.  Wow.  That's really rare, and it adds such great flavor.  My sister had the ceviche, I had steak, and my husband had one of the pastas (it was eyes-rolling-back-in-your-head good, he said).  
I wish this restaurant was closer to my house, but we'll go back for sure.  Worth going into the city for.  And, I like that it's BYO.  Helps keep costs down.If South Street is a sea of philistines, Hoof + Fin is the lucky piece of driftwood washed up on shore. Tucked away from the madness, H+F sits on 3rd between South and Bainbridge. A spot like this would seem better suited for Rittenhouse, but maybe that's why I liked it so much. It's something awesome in the least likely of areas. 
Surf and turf menu with simple but inspired dishes. Spotless aesthetic:  vintage prints of animals in gold frames of all different sizes, hung on a large wall to create a giant collage of cute. I was originally drawn to this place weeks ago when I admired their sign: a wooden slab and the haphazardly carved, "Hoof + Fin."
Armed with lots of cheap wine and a bunch of gays, dinner at H+F was already off to the right start. To begin, someone ordered the calamari. Each ring was lightly fried and glazed with a sweet and tangy orange sauce. Delicious and we fought until the very last one was had.
I went with the whole fish special - a perfectly prepared mild, white Mediterranean pesce. This being the first whole fish I've ever ordered at a restaurant, one of the servers was kind enough to debone it for me. My friend's skate wing was awesome, she mentioned never having had this kind of "bird" before. Oy. All the gays on a diet ordered the mahi mahi - really awesome - and my final friend went with the short rib pappardelle - my favorite pasta dish. Sadly, we didn't have room for any of the homemade dessert. 
The best part? Towards the end of dinner, a man and his guitar hopped on a stool and started serenading guests with lovely little flurries of background music. 
What a hidden gem you are, Hoof + Fin.Fantastic food, great atmosphere and friendly service.
For $70 the two of us dined quite well.  We split the crab empanadas which were pretty good.  And then the fun started.  I had the flank steak which was seasoned pretty well with a touch of spice.  It was cooked the way Argentines like it...a little on the rare side in the middle and cooked well on the outside.  It was perfect.  My wife got the Mahi mahi which was also cooked perfectly and lightly seasoned so the natural taste really came out.  On the side of the fish were grilled veggies and some scalloped potatoes that were fantastic.  
Great dining experience.  The place was casual but not noisy.We had dinner here last Friday for a friend's birthday. Great BYOB for Argentine cuisine-- bring a few bottles of a good Malbec with you. Unassuming on the outside and charming inside with lots of kitschy items on the walls and all the waitstaff in dressed in plaid shirts. Friendly and attentive service, and lively atmosphere.  
Loved the free crunchy breadsticks with sweet bell pepper aioli. The aioli was very tasty; we kept it through the entree courses to use as a dip for our thick-cut fries. I'd highly recommend starting with the calamari (the breading wasn't too heavy, and it was drizzled with a  nice barbecue sauce) and the queso fundido (the chorizo sausage inside made it really great).  
All the protein entrees come with two side dishes included (one starch and one vegetable dish). I had the fish of the day, mako (shark), with sweet potato and creamed spinach. Every component of the dish was superb and perfectly cooked. I'd also recommend the shortribs papardelle- the meat melts in your mouth. 
I thought the bone-in ribeye was solid, but I wasn't wowed. And even though I enjoyed the seafood rice dish (essentially a paella), it was rather soupy and I would have preferred a higher rice to soup ratio. 
Save room for dessert. We had dulce de leche panqueques (crepes), which were great, and I noticed other tables with small cakes that looked pretty delicious as well.
Overall, a terrific dinner- I'd definitely come back again.We loved Hoof + Fin!
The moment we got inside, the atmostphere was great. Very cozy and romantic. The waiter's were friendly and efficient.
For appetizers we got the corn and cheese empanadas and the malbec braised short rib pasta. Both were great. I was partial to the pasta because you could tell the noodles themselves were homemade and the meat was so tender and delicious.
For entrees, my boyfriend got the mahi mahi served with fried plantains and coconut rice. AWESOME. I am not a big seafood lover, but I would have gladly eaten his entire meal in addition to mine. The flavors just went together well. it was great. I got the hanger steak which was also fantastic. The meat was very tender and delicious. Both entree's came with a small salad on the plate which wias a nice touch as well. 
For dessert we had the crapes filled with dulche de leche and fresh strawberrys...again..;. so amazingly delicious.
Overall, we had a great meal and a great time. We're definitely adding this to our regular rotation of restaurants.Our staff of 15 just had an amazing experience at this restaurant. The manager, Federico was very accommodating and easy to work with . He helped me plan the perfect meal for our company's 20th anniversary and his best server, Chris, supplied impeccable service and  perfect wine recommendations (as it is a BYOB).  The food was soo tasty and creative..I still can't believe I ate sweetbreads and blood sausage and enjoyed it! The pizza and gnoccis are on a whole different level to anything I have tasted before.  Our staff is still talking about the food a week later! 
 I highly, highly recommend this restaurant..with a cute backyard patio..how can it be beat?Hoof & Fin is not a magazine for the blue-blooded brood that hunt and fish on the weekends at their country manors - it's an adorably named BYOB that's taken over Gayle's space and has done it justice.
Light and airy, they've painted over those former dark green walls and opened up the space with décor I would dub industrial farm chic and with art seemingly sourced from Etsy.  Kick-ass musical selections (whomever is choosing these mixes has got great taste)
Service is just the way I like it, friendly, informed and involved.  Best yet, is the food that comes from that kitchen.  The hoofs and fins  are well represented on this menu - and their preparations are solidly executed,  fresh and unabashedly straightforward.
From the bread sticks, to the Mahi-mahi mini tacos, the summer asparagus with poached egg, to the short rib in chimichurri to the most sinful desserts - our meal was near-perfection - and one of the better meals I have had in Philadelphia this year.  H+F will now be heavy rotation -  oh, and don't forget they serve a great brunch too and take advantage of that gorgeous patio space in the back!My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia!  I had a great experience both times that I had dinner here.  I've had the ceviche, oysters, empanadas, truffle gnocci, milanesa.. and for desert tried the fruit crepe and tres leches cake-- everything was truly amazing.  Better Argentine food than I ate in Argentina!  The ceviche and milanesa were especially impressive.
I also had really great service here and love that it's a BYO.  We took our time enjoying the food and weren't rushed out of the table like I've experienced at some other BYOs.It's great that Hoof + Fin takes reservations, the intimate dining room gets filled up and loud by 7. It's a great little restaurant located in a really nice spot and its BYOB!!!
We had a table of four nestled towards the back of the dining room. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. One of my friends was able to get a wonderful seafood dish and HOLD the chorizo b/c she doesn't eat meat. Our waited made sure that the cooking stock was made with clams instead of chicken, so she was really happy about that.
We started with empanadas and corn chowder. Then shared a small plate of pasta. For entrees we had the ribs, skirt steak, and above mentioned seafood arroz yummy-ness. Everyone was very happy with their plates. 
Everything looked delish on the menu... although no polenta this week! 
Oh well, we'll just have to go back!In brief:  very good food but pricey with small portions.  If not BYO, would get 3 stars.  You MUST get the calamari if you go.
In detail:  Very small, homey interior where Gail used to be.  Menu features a vast array of seafood dishes.  Wanting to get the best bang for my buck, went for the four course tasting at $39 (seemingly a pretty good deal since some of the courses are $20-25 alone).  However, the portions, though delicious, were tiny.  Was definitely not full by the end of the meal.  
One more gripe before the good stuff: before the meal they gave us breadsticks instead of actual bread.  No free bread equals an automatic minus one star in my book.
The good stuff: tuna ceviche -- citrusy, sweet, tangy and tender.  Calamari -- BEST I've ever had.  Crusted in cornmeal and nice and crispy with a little Asian flair going on somehow.  Would gladly have eaten it for four courses.  Grilled scallops with mashed potatoes and asparagus -- traditional, tasty, only got 3 scallops.  Some kind of chocolate ganache cake was good but a bit heavy.  The tres leches was scrumptious.
Needs free bread and bigger portions for five stars.This space has seen a number of restraurants over the last decade.  The first, Azafran, homey and food-centric, I still miss.  The second, Gayle, elegant and composed, aimed high but was a culinary hit-or-miss.  The newest reincarnation, H&F, seeks to follow in their stead, but does not succeed.  The best part about our Friday dinner was how relatively inexpensive it was.  (I'm about to yelp the exact opposite about our dinner at Bistro La Minette, the following night).  The worst part was the deafening noise of the restaurant's sardine-packed dining room.  Neither Azafran nor Gayle had this problem, but there are twice as many tables in the same space now.  The food itself, unfortunately, was mediocre.  Our party of five ordered gnocci, asparagus salad, beet salad, empanadas, steak, whole fish (branzino), skate, and another meat dish I can't recall.  We had mashed potatoes and asparagus as our whole fish sides.  I personally ordered gnocci and skate.  Although I love skate and was surprised to see on the menu -- it is diffuclt to source reliably -- I did not think it was as fresh as it could be.  The root (parsnip, I think) puree that accompanied the skate was too oily for my taste.  Gnocci were also so-so.  The best entre was definitely the whole fish.  It was lovely and fresh, but the mashed potato and asparagus sides were, again, disappointing.  Something I would imagine being able to get at a decent diner.  In sum, I would not choose to have dinner here again.I was here for dinner and a Brazilian band was playing (very good).  Waiter was so nice, food was very good, some entrees better than others. Thought it was wierd that the owner/chef and waiters were mixing drinks behind the "bar" for themselves while waiting on customers.Amazing meal- I went for dinner with a total of 8 people.  great food, service, and decor.  We all loved it.  Nothing to complain about.  Because it was BYOB we saved a lot on our bill!Nestled discretely between South and Bainbridge on 3rd, it's easily missed if you're "hoofing" it (pun totally intended). 
The menu rotates every four weeks, so if you see it floating around on their minimalistic, trendy  website, be sure to disregard and go with the chef's flow. We sampled barbecued octopus that was simply right with the world and amply juicy; a gnocchi  that was scantly served in a delicate, buttery sauce (is that a hint of cinnamon?) leaving you with a delicate impression; and a duck breast served over lentils that just came apart with each fork dab. 
The venue is small and intimate and yes you may sit close to another couple or group, but you know what? If you don't have ADHD and can focus on your date's conversation, you're ready for a very intimate, personal dining experience.
TIP: Stop in Southwark's around the corner for pre-dinner Apéritifs or a post digestif. Or fuck it and just get the Manhattan the bartender recommends (because it's usually pretty awesome).If everything at Hoof + Fin was just $10 or so cheaper I could give it a really great review. However, at these prices, I expect more. I don't have money to burn so if I spend $20 on a meal I want it to be pretty great, considering I can get really great meals for much cheaper. I spent $20 on dinner at Hoof + Fin and got 2 really good oysters, 2 pretty good scallops, 2 pieces of asparagus, and a fair amount of mashed sweet potatoes. Plus a forkful of tuna ceviche. This, combined with the mediocre service (my waitress spilled sauce on my lap when removing a dish) and plating (basically, stuff on plate) made the experience not worth the money I spent. Yes, I could get much worse for $20, but I could also get much better.Good food, but unprofessional and tacky service.  A friend and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We had made a reservation for 7:30 and arrived right on time.  The waiter was slow to take our order, but once we got our food, it was quite tasty. However, less than 2 hours into our meal, the host told us there was another group waiting for our table, and asked us to leave. We still had a third of our bottle of wine sitting on the table, and we had passed on dessert, so we certainly didn't feel like we were lingering for an inappropriate amount of time.  I was pretty shocked. To ask people to leave after less than 2 hours on a Saturday night, at a BYO, is pretty outrageous if you ask me.  I wouldn't go back.We had a great dinner here last Fri night. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was very warm and cozy. The food was wonderful- the tuna ceviche for an appetizer had a great flavor. My boyfriend had surf and turf and was quite pleased, and I had scallops, mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts (yes brussel sprouts!)- delicious! We thought we didn't have room for dessert but the dulce de leche crepes changed our minds! I would highly recommend Hoof and Fin to anyone. :)I really wanted to like this place more than I did.  Comfortable, almost farmhouse decor with paint by numbers on the walls and vintage style filament light bulbs, I loved the look, but we waited for almost an hour between our appetizer and main course, although the server was nothing short of hovering. Food was average - nothing to write home about, but decent.If you still haven't made up your mind I just want to say that it is worth checking out. We got the entire raw app section. It was great. I loved the watermelon ceviche and the sweet breads. We got the shortrib pasta and that was the only ehhh thing for us. I got the skate and it was really good. One of us got the whole fish, which looked like too much of an undertaking after all the apps we got. My fried was less excited about the fish... it looked good, but she said it was nothing special.  Her husband had the same experience, but my husband got the steak and it was perfect. He said it was as good as Mortons porterhouse, which he loves.My friend and I arrived for our 7:30pm reservation on Saturday night and were seated immediately at a table towards the middle of the dining room. After an appropriate amount of time, water was delivered, wine opened and breadsitcks were handed to us. Handed to each of us, in an opaque white wrapper. The breadsticks confused me. They came in a package reminiscent of the hot towels one gets on airplanes - so I thought I was getting a hot towel. Once we discovered that the package did indeed contain something edible, we munched on the sticks, dipping in the homemade aoili. I prefer bread slices to thin, crunchy breadsticks, but this wasn't soo bad. The package, however, presented a problem for our two-top already littered with glasses, a candle, salt, silverware and wine. Here's a suggestion - open the packages in the back and serve the sticks in a tall water glass - better presentation and no plastic packaging taking up much-needed space on the table. 
We started with the Provoleta (grilled provolone cheese, salsa criolla, chorizo, grilled romaine, baguette crouton) which was not what I was expecting and really just a huge wedge of provolone served with a salsa of sorts. I can do a big hunk of brie, but a large hunk of provolone is a little hard to get through. My cheese-loving friend and I only at 1/3 of it, so it felt like a bit of a waste. 
My friend ordered the scallops (perfectly cooked with a lightly charred taste) as an entree and I ordered the bone in short ribs. Fun thing here is that you can mix and match sides with your entrees. I ordered the yams (great) and broccoli rabe (ok) with my ribs (which were a little on the tough side) and ended up with more food than I would ever finish. We ended with the bread pudding, just to have something sweet. We certainly didn't need anymore food and I'll order less the next time I'm here. 
The dining room was spacious and accommodating enough for a smaller BYO and had a warm vibe. You come here with a larger party with a reservation and do just fine. The staff here was great. We were welcomed very warmly, and our waiter was genial and prompt. 
The menu was extensive for a BYO, and while the food missed the mark a few times, the experience was positive enough to make me want to come back and try a few other items on the menu.Seriously disappointed with this place.....
I made reservations two weeks in advance to dine on a Monday evening for a post-graduation feast with my extended family.  When we arrived at the restaurant, the place was completely closed up.  No sign.  No note.  No courtesy call.  No explanation period.  Needless to say I was beyond furious, not to mention starving and disappointed.  I will never attempt to dine here again, despite other positive reviews and whether they are truly open for business or not.We visited early on Saturday night and were the only people there for a little while, but the place was full by 7. It is really tiny inside and the tables are practically touching, but it didn't feel totally cramped. Somehow it felt like we had enough room and were'nt eating with the people next to us. 
We started with the corn and cheese empanadas, which were excellent and the portions were perfect for an appetizer. I had the Arroz a la Gallega, which is very similar to a paella. This dish was excellent and had more than enough seafood. Sometimes restaurants can be a little stingy when it comes to a dish like this, but I thought the portions were perfect. My wife had the baby back ribs which were outstanding. She was very pleased with the baked beans that came with the ribs as well. For dessert we had the dulce de leche cake which was also very good. 
The icing on the cake is that this is a BYOB. I would definitley recommend Hoof + Fin for anyone looking for a very good, reasonably priced meal.I was pretty excited to try this place.  Unfortunately, the food was completely average. Not bad, just not great.  The only thing that I thought was really good was the basil aioli dipping sauce for the bread sticks.  We had the grilled Provoleta (grilled provolone cheese).  This was decent, but nothing spectacular.  We also had the short ribs with buttermilk mashed potatoes and brussell sprouts and the scallops with roasted vegetables and pureed parsnips.  The short rib is not the traditional stewy fall-off the bone short rib you would expect. It is more like a flank steak, which you can order cooked to your temperature preference.  So, if you're looking for something tender and moist, don't order this.  It was the only thing we had that was bad. Everything else was just totally average; nothing that you couldn't make at home just as well, if not better.Jackie and I came here for a late dinner last night. Service was excellent and the food was great.  We had the : calamari for an appetizer... 
Jackie got the Lamb Chops which she loved
I got one of the specials which was the Skirt Steak with Crab meat and some sort of potato which was not that good so they gave us complimentary crepes with fruit which was good.
We had a really nice time eating and enjoying a bottle of wine.we brunched here one saturday morning in June - they did not have a liquor license & so served us each a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary... but only one per =(   thankfully, the house coffees were quite good.
starter: lobster taquitos - crisp & delicious, if a bit steep in price for the minute portions.
plates: 2 of us had the Tuna "burger" - (it has always confounded me why restaurants insist on referring to a tuna-steak sandwich as a burger!) served with bay fries & wasabi mayo.  we asked for "just seared" & they did a good job with that.  the fries were seasoned well & the only disappointment was the "wasabi"  mayo, mint-green colored, it barely had any flavor & failed entirely to pack the punch I wanted out of something using wasabi!
the other 2 feasted on the Eggs Benedict - this impressive construction contained short ribs, thick cut bacon (I feel there may have been a third meat product tucked in there somewhere!) and was topped with a chimichurry sauce- declared a definite winner by the eaters!
we were one of but two tables present & the server was rather awkward, but the food was quite good & so made for a pleasant experience.Went to this restaurant the other night. Got to sit outside and it is just as described in other reviews; eating dinner in a really nice backyard. I had the skirt steak which is a staple for any Argentinian  restaurant. The wait staff was excellent. Definitely a place to add on the rotation. I don't have any crazy review to give, only that the food is really good, service was excellent( yeah I know I said that already) and I will be coming back for more!!An FYI, not a review:
Was so excited to try this restaurant last night. Get there around 9:30 p.m., restaurant is CLOSED.  Doesn't look closed-forever closed, but it was definitely closed.   On a Friday night in spring in Philly.  Neighboring restauranteur acknowledges that it's closed, with more of a closed-for-good vibe.  This explains why when I called 4 times earlier in the night to make a reservation, no on answered the phone.  And I just thought they must be super busy haha.  
Anyone know the real story?Had a remarkable dinner with family and friends Friday 2/26/10.  While the gratis snack of packaged breadsticks and wonderful house-made aoili was a bit odd, it was also very tasty.  I started with the sardine appetizer.  The fish were perfectly cooked and served with an interesting vege malange.  Probably wouldn't have them again, as the sardines (as advertised by Mike, our great waiter) were large and quite strongly flavored.  Entrees were amazing all around.  From my son's fish and chips (the BEST bay fries ever!) to my lentil and braised beef stew (smokey and luscious) to my wife's house-made papardelli and braised shank (complex flavors and perfect fresh pasta), we all loved it.  We finished off with excellent coffee and shared a delicious (thought too sweet by some, though not by me!) stuffed crepe, plenty for 2 or 3 to share.  With a great vibe, engaging yet unobtrusive service and very good food that only got better as the evening went on, I'm already looking forward to my next meal there.I have never posted an online review before. I felt I had to share the news about this wonderful restaurant. We were a group of ten, as I had chosen Hoof + Fin for our annual neighborhood book club dinner. All of us were thrilled with our meals and with our service. I know many of us will return with other friends and family!I'm so excited to have a new restaurant in Queen Village, especially one that has food this good, service this friendly, and an atmosphere so welcoming.
I don't know if anyone else has commented on it yet, but I HAVE to mention the Orange Mint Green Tea that is available. Although it's a BYOB, a carafe of this stuff is a MUST even if you've brought a bottle of your own vino. The tea is so easy and refreshing, it almost makes me long for a hot summer day just to be able to drink it and appreciate it all the more.
We ordered a Corn and Cheese Empanada to start. The Empanada itself was delicious, and the stuffing inside was just as wonderful and flavorful as the dough pocket. My only complaint was that the salad accompanying this was drenched in oil, but I'm hoping this was just an accidental heavy-handed pour.
My dining partner ordered the gnocchi and I had the skirt steak - both of which we enjoyed thoroughly.
We split the Tres leches cake for dessert, and it proved to be a highlight of the meal.
On top of the great food, our server, Colin, was unbelievably friendly and so much fun. We hope to have him again on one of our many return trips.
One note to add - they ARE now taking reservations, which are definitely needed... we were barely able to get a table for two without them.
I'm thrilled to have a new neighborhood gem for dinner and brunch. Hoof + Fin is sure to be somewhere I return to often!!Amazing Service, Great BYO and super fresh food that melts in your mouth.  Started with the sashimi dish served in a creamy sauce that made me want to lick the plate!  BBQ Calamari was fantastic and so tender.  Gnocci, Arugala Salad, Provincial fries,  and for dessert we have a tres leches CREPE!  amazingly decadent!Outstanding little BYOB in Queen Village with an Argentine roadhouse vibe and an intensely creative, fresh, highbrow menu.  I love the combination of the clean neo-rustic room and flawless dishes.  It strikes just the right note.  Great service and super-nice owners.  You have to love this place!So, I really wanted to like this place. Nice location, cute name, BYOB--but I'm sad to say I was disappointed. If I could, I'd give Hoof and Fin a 2.5, but since I can't I'm going to round down. 
Like everyone says, the breadsticks and aioli are awesome. I got the tuna ceviche for an appetizer and that was also quite good--light, summery, and refreshing. However, I'd say it was $3-4 overpriced. 
The entrees were the most disappointing part of the experience. I got the skate. I honestly can't remember the last time I tasted such a bland piece of fish. It came with undercooked asparagus and uninspired butternut squash puree. My fiance ordered the gnocchi. We thought at first that they had made a mistake and had given him the smaller size portion (they offer both an appetizer and entree size), but no, the portion was just that small. The gnocchi were ok; certainly nothing special. You can go to any Italian BYO in the city and get better gnocchi for much cheaper. We skipped dessert because we were so underwhelmed by the food. 
The waitstaff was fine and the ambiance was cute, but with so many better options, I don't think we'll be going back.I have been to Sea Salt and keep meaning to get to Quahog's (sp?) down the shore, and Sea Salt is good but lacks the Ambiance they've managed to create at Hoof and Fin!  It's warm and cozy and the staff was friendly and unpretentious.  In fact our waiter was young and looked like he should be dying to catch some waves the next AM, I'm wondering if he did some shifts down the shore before Hoof and Fin came along!  I had the brown butter and truffle gnocchi and it was amazing, melted in your mouth fantastic complemented by a side of mixed vegetables.  Also at my table we had the skirt steak which I sampled which was delicious, first class, as well as the brazed short rib taglietelle and the grilled scallops, the scallops were great but could have used a sauce of some sort, now that i think about it should have wiped some of that truffled brown butter up with the scallop I tried!  This place was great, and since i'm in Stone Harbor basically from here on out, I'm going to stalk Quahog's and Sea Salt as well!  totally first class, love that its in QV.  Really well done! 
Great date spot, also great for small groups!Hooray!  We are blessed with another wonderful BYO in Queen Village!  Hoof + Fin just opened next to Hostaria Da Elio, where Gayle used to be.  Hoof + Fin offers a Latin American twist on surf and turf  including raw oysters and ceviche.  My husband and I were both so stricken with an overwhelming anxiety of indecision that we only were able to decide on our order with the comfort in knowing that we would be back to try the rest in the near future.  
Breadsticks and basil aioli: hold back your desire to use these long & skinny Italian breadsticks to swordfight your dinner mates.  I dare you not to eat them all - that little green bowl of aioli is addicting!
Hamachi Taquitos with lime and jalapenos: these two taquitos were light and refreshing.  Reminded me of something that would come from Distrito. Good to share between 2 people.  
Butternut Squash Risotto with wild mushrooms, edamame, and grana pandana: we ordered the small version, which was way bigger than I had envisioned.  I love butternut squash but I actually thought the squash could have had more of a presence in the dish. This risotto was comforting and filling thanks to the grana pandana.  Like a grown up mac and cheese.  That sounds wrong to say, but it has that same blissful satisfaction you get from a hot bowl of mac and cheese.  
We both ordered entrees from the grill.  We wanted one of everything from the menu but settled on these:
Scallops U10: Four large scallops from Cape May
Whole Fish (seasonal 1 1/4 lb): Branzino
Both entrees were generous in size - so generous we regretted eating all those breadsticks!   The scallops were very fresh and noteworthy, but I was more moved by the branzino which was moist and melted in my mouth.
If you order from the grill, you can pick 2 sides: one starch and one vegetable.    I will have dreams about the pureed parsnips for days.  I know, who would pick parsnips over buttermilk mashed potatoes? But no lie, they were the best damn parsnips I've ever had!  Not bitter or harsh, they are sweet and perfectly creamy.  You won't regret it if you get them. Seriously.  
We also tried provencal fries, roasted brussel sprouts with toasted almonds, and broccoli rabe with stewed tomatoes.  The fries are thick and more like wedges or long home fries with a crisp chimichurri outside.  Probably a better complement to a turf dish, but good all the same.
2 people: 1 appetizer, 1 risotto, 2 grilled entrees with sides = too full for dessert!  So much food! We couldn't help ourselves.  We ended up doggie bagging it.  Next time we come, and that will most certainly be in the near future, we will probably only order 1 grilled entree and get 1 main, so we can leave room for the bread pudding.  All of that for about $70.  
Casual, no frills, rustic ambience.  Friendly and helpful service.  
Closed on Tuesdays. Hours 5pm - 10pm Sun,  M, W, Th; 5pm to 11 pm Fri/Sat.This review is a little overdue. We went here during SoS Restaurant Week and had a very nice experience!
It was a perfect night and we'd hoped to eat outside, but there were no tables available. We sat in the almost empty interior. The decor was a tasteful country-style. I was a fan. Our server was knowledgable, helpful and friendly, without an ouce of pretension. Just how I like 'em.
Starter: We both had the corn and cheese empanadas. Delicious. The sweetness of the corn balanced nicely with the cheese and slight kick. Fried, but not greasy. I would recommend this to anyone who eats food.
Entrees: I had the scallops and thought they were very good. They were served on a potato fritatta, which was really little more than a surface to put the scallops on. Kind of a bummer because I LOVE potatoes, but the scallops did the job. Grilled vegetables and salad on the side weren't particularly special, but they were good. My girlfriend had the Asada, which included some things she liked (skirt steak, chorizo) and some things she didn't (sweetbreads, blood sausage).
Dessert: I had the panqueques (crepes with dulce de leche and strawberries). It was good, and exactly what you'd expect. Didn't knock my socks off, but enjoyable. M'lady had the tres leches and loved it.
I either liked or loved everything I ate, and felt like the prices were reasonable. Add the welcoming, friendly vibe to the equation, and Hoof + Fin becomes a place I would surely visit again.Princess and I came here for dinner as we just happened to be in the neighborhood and were able to get a table without a reservation which was nice.
I had the Meatball w/Aji Panca sauce & potatoes croquet's for the appetizer which was awesome and then I had the Ribs with home made baked beans. The ribs were to die for so juicy and the beans were a mixture of all sorts of beans including kidney and a few other varieties.
Princess had the steamed mussels w/Aji Amarillo broth served with fries as the appetizer which she says were the best ever and for the entree she had the Mahi Mahi which was the best ever as wellOur entrees were fabulous.  My dinner partner and I both got large plate pastas and thought both were fantastic - great flavors- done well - and perfect portion size.
Our appetizers were only ok.  The taquitos were overwhelmed by lime juice and the oysters were just ok.  
The price is certainly right and the entrees were great.  Will definitely be visiting again.Decided at the last minute to go out to eat instead of cook, and decided to try Hoof + Fin. On a Friday night around 7:30 p.m., we were seated right away. A waitress offered us tap or sparkling water, and asked if we had brought wine or beer with us (we didn't -- completely forgot it was a BYO). We were given menus, and a waiter explained the specials. He said he'd give us a few minutes to decide, but took about twenty minutes to return to our table. For a restaurant with only 12 tables, that seemed an excessive wait. Our appetizers arrived pretty quickly (beef empanadas -- tasty, but not sure they're worth $8), then our entrees took a long time. After about twenty minutes, our waiter came by to tell us that there had been an error in the kitchen and our meals would be right out. Our entrees were fantastic though, worth the wait. I got baby lamb chops, Boyfriend got the skirt steak special topped with crabmeat. We also split the chocolate cake for dessert, which would've been easier to eat with a fork than a spoon, but tasty nonetheless. We will definitely go back again.A couple weekends ago, I enjoyed a lovely date night at Hoof & Fin. We arrived for our reservation and the dining room was hectic, but we were seated right away. Things got off to a slow start with receiving water and having our wine opened, but after we gave our order to our funny, engaging server, the rest of the evening was pretty close to flawless.
We started with beef empanadas and provoleta fundida. The empanadas were incredible; we immediately started discussing which version we would order on our next visit. The fundida was comparable to the queso fundido at Xochitl: although the latter has the slight edge for me. Still, a great selection nonetheless.
For his main course, my boyfriend had a rice and shellfish special, very similar to the arroz a la gallega which is on Hoof + Fin's regular menu, only this was made with coconut milk and spinach, I believe. It was excellent, and I stole forkfuls at every opportunity. My dish, skate wing with truffle potato gratin and a side salad, was fantastic, except for one thing: too much salt. It wasn't at the point where I couldn't still enjoy it, but I did drink a lot of water with that meal. 
We somehow managed to save a small corner of room for dessert, so we went with the churros and dipping chocolate. Unreal. They were especially awesome with a cup of La Colombe coffee.
My boyfriend loved the meal so much he went back the following week with his mom and loved it all over again. I'm looking forward to my next visit as well!