My Fiance and I stopped here after lunch in Reading Terminal based on Yelp Reviews for something sweet. 
The cookies were AMAZING. We each got two - both got the Wilbur's Peanut Putter, I got the white chocolate macadamia and he, the Hope's Royal. They were heavenly - soft - but not too soft and full of flavor. They were so fresh! 
The Wilbur Peanut Butter was my absolutely fave. the best PB cookie I have ever had - the gooey chocolate surprise in the center was the perfect touch. It reminded me of a peanut butter blossom - times 10. 
Diet Schmiet - treat yourself to one of these cookies if you happen to be in the area. Worth the calories/points - whatever you count!!these cookies were so good! I was initially going to get cookies from 4th street famous cookies bc my BF said they were more popular but I wanted to try this place our bc it seemed a tad bit dead. 
Almost all of their cookies are delicious! Almost all because I haven't tasted all of them yet. I think they're $1.25 a cookie! 
Must try here in Philly if you like cookies!One word... "delicious". Many choices, different treats every day... need there be more?Toffee cookies and the white chocolate macadamia are sooo good. I like the unexpected flavors they add to some cookies and they are decent sized, I frequent the store front just for these cookies!Go at the end of the day and they are $1 and can make even a terrible day seem like a day filled with pure sunshine. 
fav: M&M cookieWhen I'm feeling gluttonous, I like to indulge in cookies. And Reading Terminal is a haven for cookies. This review is a long time coming, only incidentally brought to mind by a recent venture through the Market...sorry Hope, I won't dither next time.
Hope's offers some cookies that are just oozing with fat, butter, calories and sugary goodness. Hope never skimps on fillings. If there ever were such thing as too much filling, Hope's may have just reached that limit. 
If you order a cookie with butterscotch chips, you'll probably end up with a cookie and half a bag of butter scotch chips. Dip this cookie in chocolate and you've got something so crazy and wonderful that it's basically akin to catnip. 
The PB cookies are not just ordinary - for these fat oozing delights are stuffed with chocolate chips, Reese's Pieces and probably some other truffle or drug - I'm looking at you Wilbur. 
The White Chocolate Macademia nut cookies are soft and stuffed with white chocolate chunks, whole nuts and slices therefrom - you get your protein and your sugar all in one bite.
Apparently there are pseudo healthy treats too - like oatmeal cookies stuffed with dried cranberries...but who would want such an abomination when you could anhilate your pancreas and the pancreai of every other Terminal shopper with just one bite (or 3 full cookies)?I just love Hope's Cookies. The snickerdoodle, harvest, raspberry chocolate... all were just heavenly. Not too sweet, not too soft, not too hard - all was perfect.These cookies were so great; they were so soft, chewy, and crunchy when necessary. I tried the Butterscotch Chip and Caramel & Pecan and was very pleased with my choices. I caught them at the end of the day therefore I paid a dollar per cookie. They have lots of sweet treats that I wish I could've tried including chocolate covered bacon!my fav cookies in the world wish i didnt live 9 hours away.
we always stop by the terminal just for thees cookies.
never had a cookie soo good
what is the secret ingredientHAVE AGAIN: The double fudge chocolate cookie was wonderful! Best cookies in the Terminal.
And, in late afternoon before closing, the cookies are $1 each, including the peanut butter chocolate dipped one I bought - delicious!First time trying here. Had the caramel pecan cookie and it was delicious. I wish I bought more than 2.Food: 4
Service: 3.5
Value: 2.5
Good, if expensive, cookies at this stand at Reading Terminal.WARNING: These cookies are addicting. I'm slightly embarrassed to admit I have basically every flavor. My favorites are the chocolate chip walnut, harvest and the wilbur peanut butter. They are always soft and delicious. Perfect for when you are looking for a little treat."How many cookies are in a pound?"
"About 6 to 8."
"Okay. I'd like two sugar, two snickerdoodles, a white cranberry, two lemon coolers, two chocolate chip, a triple chocolate.. wait, what am I up to? Oh, whatever... I'd also like..."
And these are the times when credit cards are very, very bad to cart around.
You cannot go wrong with a cookie or a dozen from this little place in RTM. Nope.What can be said? These are THE best cookies at Reading Terminal! Fresh, soft, chewy, tasty! Lots of variety to choose from.Same thing as Pennsylvania General Store if you look into that place at Reading Terminal Market on Yelp. I'll repeat what I wrote in my review about Pennsylvania General Store: amazing Wilbur Peanut Butter Cookie! Really, all cookies (from Hope's Cookies) are fresh, soft, chewy, decadent, and pure bliss.These cookies need some serious improving. The are ALWAYS dry and stale. I'm sure they sit in the store for months. Hopes is incredibly overpriced. Go to 4th street cookies. They may not have as many options, but trust me, you will be glad you skipped hopes.These cookies are a wonder!! My favorite place in the Reading Terminal Market.  I had the Almond Joy, Hope's Delight, and Chocolate Chip.  The best food find of my trip to Philadelphia.  Go here and stuff yourself with cookie goodness.all i can say is.....OOOOOO MMMMMM GGGGG!  I never expect much from bakery cookies because they're never as good as they look so i was shocked when i tasted these cookies!  they are THE best cookies i've ever had!  my husband and daughters (21 & 17) went to Reading Terminal Market for other things and passed Hopes Cookies and they looked really good.  however, i was ready to be disappointed (again, bakery cookies, not so great) but we all wanted to try them.  We got the peanut butter, chocolate chips, chocolate chip walnut, cranberry white chocolate and some kind of chocolate chip caramel cookie.  when i say they are amazing that's not even saying enough.  they were AAAAAA-MAZING!!!!!!  these have got to be the best cookies ever!  how did i miss this place all these years and not try them???  Now i'm done because I'm hooked....diet....bye bye!  All four of us were salivating at how soft, chewy, and delicious they were!!!  We will be back!!!!  It's been almost a week and we're STILL talking about these cookies!!!!!!!!!  (I disagree with one of the reviewers who say the cookies are a bit small.  i think the size is perfect. they're a little expensive but you WILL NOT get a better tasting cookie anywhere else that's for sure!!!)My local grocery (Glazier's in Las Vegas, NV) just started carrying these cookies and these are hands-down some of the best soft cookies from a GROCERY STORE I have EVER tried in my life. I took one bite of their apricot almond cookie in the parking lot after doinga  grocery trip, dropped my groceries in the car, did an about-face and went BACK into the grocery to buy 3 more plastic boxes of the stuff. That's how good they were. If you have been searching for that perfectly thick, soft and chewy cookie to stock up on--- this is it. Period.
Seriously, amazing. Hope's, please don't ever stop making these cookies!!!These the best cookies I've ever had. I bought them on a whim one day when I was sent on a donut run to beilers,only to find they aren't open on mondays.  I was pouting my way out of the terminal when I stumbled on this gluttonous cookie stand. I ended up buying the harvest,the chocolate dipped chocolate chip, lemon cooler, peanut butter reeses pieces dipped in chocolate and covered in more reeses (my favorite), and the turtle cookie. I couldn't even feel guilty after eating such delicious creations!They have lots of unique cookies by the pound, chocolates, and various chocolate covered items. 
I wanted to try some of the more unique sounding things in the display case:
- Salted chocolate caramel pecan cookie -chocolate dipped, with the chocolate sprinkled with pink Himalayan sea salt. This was probably one of the best cookies I've had in a while. The regular caramel pecan cookie is pretty sweet, so the salted chocolate is perfect to balance it out 
- Turtle: chocolatey and gooey with caramel bits and crunchy pecans.  The chocolate cookie dough isn't overly sweet and is made with Dutch Cocoa 
- Spicy chocolate covered bacon: I just had to try this. It had a nice kick, and I loved the smokiness of the bacon, but the dark chocolate didn't quite mesh with it 
The above was just under $4, which I thought was really reasonable.Came here around 5 pm and they had their end of the day sale. All cookies are $1. I got the chocolate fudge, walnut chocolate chip and macadamia cookies. The chocolate fudge taste the best but all of them were good. The cookies are a bit small so I would not buy them at the original price. A cheap snack/treat.The best cookie I have ever tasted in my entire life. No exaggeration!!!! My favorite is the turtle cookie. If you love chocolate and nuts, get this one !!We got these cookies as a gift for Christmas and were AMAZED at the quality and taste.  They are absolutely delicious and the packaging was beautiful too!  I just ordered them for 2 people as a gift and the price is very reasonable.  HIGHLY Recommend!Salted caramel cookie is the best I've ever had. I'm a sugar fiend and cookie fiend. I mean it doesn't even compare. I will come to the market just for that cookie. The biggest mistake is not getting more than one.Simply excellent cookies! They have around 20 to choose from. My coworker shouldn't have told me about their dollar cookies at the end of the day because I couldn't control myself...and neither could my waistline. I prefer these much more than Famous 4th cookiesAwesome ice cream, love the blueberry cheesecake flavor. staff is super nice and if you're hungry jump to the other side of the floor for pizza really cool place.Hope's cookies put other local cookie places to SHAME!! (And I personally like insomnia cookies but MAN Hope's hits it out of the park!!)
At RTM you can find them in the back right (southeast) corner at the Pennsylvania General Market! They sell them by the pound - you can get approximately 8 cookies for $12 to give you an idea
The best:
-Good old chocolate chip. SO SOFT and gooey!
-Snickerdoodle (surprisingly amazing! I'm usually a chocolate kinda gal...)
The great:
-Heath bar
-Double chocolate
The bad: none (so far)
Stop reading this review, grab some milk, and buy 5 lbs of Hope's cookies!!You think the other cookie store at Reading is good right? You gotta try hope's cookies. It's even better. So chewy, so soft, very sweet but it's perfect when you have the sweet tooth, workers are polite, they take credit card, they are sold at a discounted price if you go around 4ish. This is the cookie store to go to in center city!The best cookies I've ever eaten... by far! I have tried the butterscotch and chocolate chip cookie, the chocolate chip and walnut, and the caramel pecan cookies and they are simply amazing. If you haven't tried these cookies leave now and go there immediately. I am somewhat of a dessert connoisseur, and these are consistently the greatest cookie I've ever had. They give you tons of the good stuff (butterscotch chips, chocolate chips, caramel, etc) in each cookie and they are baked to perfection. This is typically the part of the equation that is ignored or underrated but the way a cookie is baked is extremely important. These cookies are solid on the outside, but not overcooked by any means. However, they are gooey in the center, but not douhgy or undercooked. It is simply perfection. Like I said leave now!These cookies are to DIE for! If and when you stop here, get here early because they run out of the good ones fast, and they close at 6 PM. 
I stayed for a weekend and made two stops here! 
I got the White Russian, Triple Chocolate, and Snickerdoodle. Oh my goodness. You won't be disappointed. 
*******Only disclosure is that I'm not sure if it's allergy safe, because they have cookies with nuts on display with other cookies. I have a father who is severely allergic to tree nuts so I try to give people a warning ahead of time. Ask before you order!!*******These are the best Cookies I've had from a bakery. They are always soft and fresh and delicious. I purchase at least 5 cookies every time I go into Reading Terminal Market. My suggestions: Caramel pecan, sugar, double fudge, M&M... and whatever else your heart desires, they have a plethora of choices.YUM.
'Nuff said.  No? Ok, i will delight you of my cookie tale. I bought 1 Hope's Royale cookie...then went back & bought all remaining Royales. It is buttery without being too greasy, crispy without being hard, and sweet without inducing sugar-shock. Coconut, Macadamia nuts, & chocolate chips tie together this heavenly namesake.
The butterscotch & chocolate chip cookie was so soft, the inner cookie had the texture of caramel.  Yuuuuum. 
The Peanut Butter Wilbur is a soft & perfect peanut butter cookie that is somehow magically stuffed with a gooey melted chocolate center.  Kind of like biting into a lava cake.
The Reading Terminal location also sells pretzels, chocolates, & candies.  I wasn't impressed with any of my purchases in those genres, stick to the cookies & be amazed!The men in my fiance's family (ie, him and his dad) are not exactly fans of desserts/sweets - except when it comes to cookies. They love cookies, and are very discriminating when it comes to them, especially his dad. When he loves cookies, he literally cannot stop eating them until they are gone. I know how to kill him if I ever need to (luckily for him, we have a good relationship and I'd like to keep him around for a little longer ;D ).
Hope's Cookies are THE BEST Philadelphian cookies out there in their not-so-humble opinion, and I honestly have to agree that they are far superior to other cookies I've tried around CC. Great balance of crunchy and chewy, and you can tell from the flavors that the ingredients are top notch. But the real treat are all of the available flavors. Our favorite is the White Russian, but the Caramel Pecan and Hope's Royale are close seconds. When I studied abroad, I missed my fiance's birthday - but when I heard that a bunch of his close friends were going to spend the weekend with him, I sent a ginormous box of Hope's cookies instead of a birthday cake for everyone to enjoy. Best girlfriend/fiancé ever? At least he (and his friends) certainly said so after eating every single cookie crumb!This business is amazing! I accidentally messed up my online order and instead of my long distance best friend getting a dozen cookies as her closing night gift I would have gotten cookies and sadness;-; The VP personally emailed me and called to make sure that my order was correct because he saw that my order requests and address didn't line up. He fixed the problem in a few minutes and my best friend cried because she was so touched by the delicious gift! I may not have cried but you can bet I know where I'm gonna go for gifts for all my loved one's. If you want a scrumptious gift full of love pick Hope's Cookies, I love them!!!:)Very good cookies and ice cream. Very convenient  location. Prices are pretty good! I would suggest this place to anyone! You will not be dissapointed, and will find yourself there again and again.I was spoiled in college. My freshman dorm was right down the street from the Rosemont Hope's, which had the added bonus of being attached to Peace A Pizza. Not great for the hips, but my tastebuds have rarely been so happy in my life. Not only that, but my college cafe carried a couple kinds of Hope's, including the Holy Grail of sticky cookies, the Heath Bar Crunch.
So how excited was I, two years later, to find Hope's in the far back corner of Reading Terminal? There are no words.
I'll second the complaint about the Reading Terminal location not having the White Russians, though. Just the memory of those is the stuff dreams are made of. Very specific dreams. The kind that embarrassed you as a teenager.Tucked away inside the Pennsylvania General Store, most people never quite see it, or never give it full credit (cookies from a stand within another store?), and trudge along to Famous 4th Street Cookies.
Everyone knows how delicious cookies are supposed to be so I won't bother describing them here. I'll tell you a story illustrating how delicious they are.
One of my children always shares their food when you ask. "Can I try some of what you're having?" *hands it to you*. This willingness to share extends beyond vegetables to include cakes, chocolates, and other desserts.
Until one day, my wife returns from grocery shopping at Reading Terminal Market with Hope's Cookies in hand. "Can I try some of what you're having?" *moves away and eats cookie more quickly*.
It's that good.Omgggg! Best cookies ever. Price a bit higher than I would like, so these will only be special treats, but omgggg totally worth it stopping in and selecting a few types. I went with anything that looked gooey. Mmmm cant wait till next treat time. Perfect entertaining dessert, host gift, or just something to show appreciation. Amazing quality. Super flavorful, delicious even 4 days later (forgot 2 cookies in my desk drawer)!Still AMAZING!!!! 
Always an amazing treat to look forward to. Only heart break is sharing. It's a double edged sword. The joy of introducing these amazing cookies to someone else and the heartache of them asking you for another!!!!Any place that can make a baked good with a heath bar is my type of bakery.
Hope's Cookies. I had originally had these cookies as my roommate used to get them shipped to her.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the stand in the Reading Terminal on my most recent trip to Philly. The assortment cookies and all the different flavors! Of course, I got the heath bar one- not sickenly sweet, not super greasy... just right. Sure, you know there's butter in it and it's probably giving you 1000 calories...but man, that's one good cookie.
I tried the chocolate chip one, the harvest one, and the apricot almond as well. The apricot almond one was AMAZING. My friend had ordered it... I kind of wish I could go back and get another one.
Awesome cookies. You gotta try it.I stopped by the PA General Store in RTM to try Hope's Cookies the day before yesterday at around 3:30pm.  Having heard good things about Hope's from other Yelpers and having tried the other, better-known cookie place in RTM, I was curious to sample Hope's cookies.
When I stopped by, I was warmly greeted by a worker.  Noticing signs for chocolate-dipped cookies but seeing none, I asked if they'd all sold out, to which the worker answered in the affirmative.  Also failing to notice any of the lemon cooler cookies, I asked if they'd sold out as well, and I again received an affirmative answer.  Seeing that the cookies were sold by the pound, I clarified that I could buy as many or as few as I wanted, and once again, the answer was affirmative.
In light of these responses, I purchased three cookies ($6.33): Reese's pieces, triple chocolate chip, and regular chocolate chip (see photos).  The Reese's pieces cookie was studded with a generous amount of miniature candies, which gave it a nice crunch and textural variation with the pliability of the cookie.  The triple chocolate chip cookie was crisper in texture, and contained large, soft white chocolate chips that again varied the texture nicely.  The chocolate chip cookie was the least distinctive in flavor and texture, and was an inch smaller in diameter from its brethren.
I hate to differ with my fellow Yelpers negatively, but IMO, the cost of these cookies isn't justified by the product, esp. in comparison to the competition in RTM and elsewhere.  To be fair, my assessment may be colored significantly by the time of my visit, given that I was too late to have my choice of the cookies that I wanted to try most, but too early to receive the end-of-the-day discount.  However, my review is based on my experience, and unfortunately, it didn't measure up to my expectations in this case.When a friend told me that Hope's Cookies at RTM was better than the Famous 4th St Cookies, I didn't believe her. But then she proceeded to buy me a Lemon Cooler from Hope's Cookies and I was mind blown. 
Situated in the back of Reading Terminal Market in the Pennsylvania General Market, Hope's Cookies are a hidden, not-so-busy gem. They have an astounding variety of cookies, from the standard chocolate chip to fun combinations like turtle or caramel pecan. They're great for if you want to buy a dozen cookies or just one -- Hope's charges by the pound. (And I'm sure it's not hard to eat a pound of their cookies). I've had many of their flavors, but my favorites are the Lemon Cooler and the Almond Joy, two cookies that you can't really find anywhere else. 
Overall, Hope's Cookies is so very underrated. I make sure to stop by almost every time I'm in Reading Terminal.SOFT AND COOKIE-LIKE I WOULD ORDER the triple chocolate black cookie. the cookies were very tasty and had a nice gentle chewy texture. their cookie cook must have a high level in baking because these COKIES BE BANGIN LIT ! professor likes it a lot ok, so watch my lover and i snarf down a few of these cookies to snack on with my lover hahahaha peace love COCKIESThese are my favorite cookies in the world-specifically the chocolate chip. It's a classic but they do it better than anyone! I fly home from Utah and make my family go downtown just to get these cookies. Very very good!I hate to write a review about this place because it seems like very few people actually know about it and I'd like to keep it that way.
sigh...
Earth shatteringly, mind blowing, ephemeral, epiphany inducing, ecstasy enabling rounds of pure heaven baked fresh every day lay at your feet.  All you have to do is get there.  Not too early, because well..  you have to give them time to actually bake the cookies. Definitely worth the price.  Go get them.
God help you if I'm in line and you take the last reese's pieces cookie.  That's all I can say.  I will not be held responsible for what happens to you after that.We were visiting from Miami and Hope's Cookies are the best cookies ever! The peanut butter one was phenomenal!!!Everybody goes for the fresh cookies from The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company (which are very good), but don't miss out on the amazing cookies at this little shop located in the back of the market.
They sell the cookies by weight ($10 per pound). I only got two since there are so many other things to eat in the market. We went with the Turtle Cookie, which was incredible, and the Wilbur Peanut Butter Cookie which was one of the best peanut butter cookies I've ever had. Filled with dark chocolate buds (?), once you bite into it you get a ton of melty, gooey chocolate. As anyone knows, that taste mixed with peanut butter is one of the greatest flavors on earth, so you must try this cookie.
In addition to the great cookies, they have a ton of other stuff, like pretzel rolls, chocolate covered bacon, nuts, popcorn, pretzels, etc. I will keep on coming back though to try more of those ridiculously good cookies, as there are still so many more to taste.Located near one of the entrances to the Reading Terminal Market. They have a variety of items, but the first thing you will come upon in the display is these amazing cookies!! Huge variety for every taste. Fresh and delicious.  
      I guess it's pretty easy for this place to get overlooked in this amazing food lovers paradise, but don't overlook it!!  It will be your loss!!
They are cookies and they are amazing!!  Go get em!!!We came last year in April. Super nice customer service and fantastic cookies. However this was our 2nd time coming August 2020. The Asian lady at the register completely rude! Didn't want to help us. My husband really wanted the chocolate dipped cookie and although they jk longer made because of the pandemic. She seemed irritated that we would ask if that is something they still made. I hope management lets her go because we planned on getting other cookies but because she was so rude we decided not to buy anything at all.My friend had a tin of cookies delivered as a house warming present. They were delivered fresh, with great textures flavors and quality toppings. I will 100% be bringing these to the office when we open back up.Hands down the best cookies and ice cream on the Main Line. Ask for the Snickerdoodles!Only place for cookies. Used to ship to college student for the best taste of home. Ice cream also delicious.There are no shortage of places to eat sweet treats at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia.  Hope's Cookies is one of the better spots to satisfy your sweettooth. We shared several good cookies.  All were yummy. One of my favorites was the Wilbur Peanut Butter cookie.  Hope's Royale which was packed with chocolate chips, coconut, and macadamia nuts was my other favorite cookie.  These cookies are not cheap, but they are worth splurging for everytime we make the trek to Philadelphia.Yup. It's true, they're delicious and fresh! Was traveling from out of town and they were super helpful in having me locate them within the terminal. Even stayed open a little late to accommodate me!I've never even heard or noticed this place in Reading Terminal Market until my coworker started raving about this place. My coworker always come here for their cookies and one day she let me try it. 
It is very good and it's homemade. It's interesting that it's by the pound and not by the piece. 
Will come back again and recommend. They have a bunch of different flavors too.Now these are amazing cookies.  Wow!  Got four on my way out of the market for me and the hubs.  Of course, I tasted them all. And, they were all amazing.  The caramel cookie was my favorite,  followed by the snickerdoodle.  The chocolate chip was good, but it is not the best I have ever had.  That title is owned by bird bath in NYC.  
I have sat here in our hotel room across the street contemplating to go back and get more for the last two hours.  I am going to resist the urge and just know they will be here on my next visit to Philly.Their turtle, and Reese's Pieces cookies were SO good!  Worth the price, surprisingly.  The cookies compare to West Coast spots.
My only criticism is that their 'regular' cookies (choco chip, snickerdoodle, etc) are just as good as most other cookies you'd get anywhere.  Come here for their unique  flavors- not a whole lot of value in everyday flavors here.
They have plenty of parking which is a huge plus.Fortunately we found "Hope's Royale" cookies at our local Rancho Vistoso Safeway in Oro Valley. We along with several of our guests from time to time have named this particular cookie the best they have had! They are filled with macadamia nuts, chocolate chips, coconut and all of the traditional delicious cookie ingredients but somehow, they are better!Wow...
You can totally tell these cookies are full of butter and sugar. Holy cow!!
I came during the end of the day where they were nearing closing and rather than paying full price for cookies (by the pound), the cookies were $1 each. Yup, I can deal with that. I ended up getting a couple of chocolate chip cookies, and a Samoan type cookie with chocolate and coconut.
Hope Cookie's are waaaay in the corner and can be easily missed or dismissed from the other cookie place in the Reading Terminal. They have a lot of variety of cookies and other goodies to purchase.Great cookies! I think it was $12.99 a pound and you can choose whichever flavors you want. The classics like chocolate chip and white chocolate macadamia are both good. The cranberry white chocolate is also good, if you like it on the sweeter side. Soft, fresh baked cookies. Yum!These cookies are amazing! They're on the undercooked side, which is my favorite! My favorite was their Heath bar cookie. If you like toffee, you'll love this flavor. And definitely try coming towards the end of the day between 5-6pm for their happy hour pricing when all cookies are $1!!Loved the Heath Bar cookies... best thing on the menu! I'd suggest this placed or sure especially to relax and enjoy something sweet!Pretty tasty. They seem expensive. Hopefully soon they will have some plant-based or vegan options. If you're vegan, expect no cookies (so far).Out of all the bakeries and candy on display this place caught my eye. I was drinking my hot latte and needed something to pair with it. What better than chocolate. I ordered a milk chocolate, dark chocolate, bourbon, and Carmel chocolate truffle. With the addition of a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie. Each truffle had the signature hard outer layer,  then the soft creamy center. My favorite was the dark chocolate truffle. Not too sweet but not too bitter. You could tell the truffles were made fresh. But holy crap. THE CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE. I get it. You really can't go wrong with a chocolate chip cookie. This place had the recipe to perfection. One of the best cookies I've ever had. Buttery, chocolatey, and a great combination with my hot latte.The cookies are amazing! Don't hesitate to try them. We had the almond joy and another one with pecans and chocolate. Wish we had bought more- I plan to ask my son to buy some for us when he comes home from college! The coffee was also good.Hope's Cookies is located toward the back left corner of the Reading Terminal Market.  The two things that I was looking at were the truffles and the cookies.  There were many other items also.  Everything looked so good.  I was trying to be good so I only got 3 truffles and 1 cookie.
There were so many choices for the truffles alone.  I finally settled on 3 truffles- pear caramel truffle, salted caramel truffle and passionfruit truffle.  Omg- delicious.  I am glad that I only got 3 pieces because if I had gotten more, they would be all gone in no time!
It was hard to decide on one cookie.  They had an interesting flavor, lemon with white chocolate and coconut.  I almost decided on this cookie until the last second, I saw THE COOKIE, heath bar crunch cookie.  I love everything heath bar.  This cookie was so soft but with perfect crunchy texture from the heath bar.
I am proud of myself for only getting 3 truffles and 1 cookie.  Trust me- it was not easy.