Concept very similar to Cava Mezze which is a chain that started in DC and is going National. Cava has real grilled meat and fresh ingredients. Hummus republic had flies buzzing around and served chicken that had faux painted grill marks. I ate half the bowl and then threw the rest away. It wasn't gross but I'd rather allocate my calorie budget to something tastier.Very minimalistic and cute. Anthony took my order and he was very sweet and I will be back for more earth burgers and sweet potato fries for suuure!Yum!  I got the bowl- chicken and falafel, eggplant hummus, tzatziki, feta something, unlimited toppings and sauces... all around $10. Will was so nice and made me try everything. Will come here often. Also check-in and get the free pomegranate lemonade. :).I've heard decent things about Hummus Republic, but it was disappointing. 
I normally am not a leftovers girl (I pretty much almost always eat the entire burrito bowl at chipotle), and even though I was hungry, I just couldn't finish my bowl. I ate half of it one day, and finished up the second half for lunch the next day, but only not to waste food. Both days I had a stomachache later in the day. I'm not entirely sure if it was caused by Hummus Republic, but I have a feeling it was in hindsight. 
The food looks great and I'm glad that they let you do half chicken half falafel. But unfortunately looks did not translate into taste. The falafel was too moist... I never thought that I would be against moist falafel but I felt like it wasn't cooked enough. I also felt like the dish did not come together well - the onions were too overpowering, the cabbage slaw had no taste, the chicken was plain... 
Another thing to note is that it's pretty much a take out only place. There are a couple bar seats near the door, but that's about it. 
There are a couple other Mediterranean places a couple blocks away that I would recommend over Hummus Republic.Got the Tahini shake, mint flavor. Only advice I have is they should get the recipe from Goldie or remove it from their menu. It's runny, can't taste any tahini in it and, looks unappetizing and doesn't taste good either.The food is good but a little bland, especially the lemonade. The pilaf didn't taste like much, and i didn't get enough sauce at the end to make my dish taste like anything substantial. The actual hummus was good!My co-workers and I came to this new place a week or so ago. It was okay - nothing special. We thought it would be more like Noon (formerly Verts) on 16th St., but the prices were much higher and the portions were much smaller. 
The hummus was good but nothing exceptional. I only got one flavor because I had no idea we could pick more than one flavor and the staff didn't mention it.  Between the 3 of us we ordered 2 bowls and 1 salad. Two of us had the schwarma - which was so-so - didn't taste any different than rotisserie chicken and kind of needed more seasoning - and one of us had the falafel. The chick peas were good though. And we all loved the pita chips which were soft and chewy, not thin and crispy. 
The restaurant was not busy at all and there was no wait time - we got there around 12:30. No warm welcome or greeting though from the staff. They were indifferent and not helpful at all when it came to helping out someone coming in for the first time.  
There wasn't anything terribly bad about Hummus Republic - it just wasn't very memorable. I would go back if I had a coupon; otherwise, I would go to Mama's for falafel or Noon for a Mediterranean bowl.Stopped into Hummus Republic last night on a whim for dinner and I was so pleasantly surprised! I didn't get the names of the staff members last night (one female, two males) but they were all SO friendly and conversational, and let me sample. I ended up getting a pita with classic hummus, eggplant hummus, kale, falafel, lemon chicken, cucumbers, chickpeas, hot sauce and classic tahini. It was SO GOOD. I also got a lemonade that was 1/2 ginger turmeric and 1/2 pomegranate, per the recommendation of one of the employees and it was great! Definitely will be returning to feed my falafel addiction-- clean, friendly staff, bang for your buck, and totally customizable.Anthony and Paul are great!!! Best customer service, and the bowls are amazing. You can get whatever you want, 2 proteins only. Falafel are made fresh. I love this place! Also, the lemonade is good. I need another location opened in olde cityThis place nailed my favorite kind of food! So many good Mediterranean vegetarian and vegan options. I had a kale salad bowl and it was so filling and delicious! Kale, falafel, three types of hummus, beets, olives, feta, grape leaves, quinoa, cucumber, red onion, and a Mediterranean hot sauce. Their tahini dressing was also creamy and delicious. While the food is amazing, the staff was equally amazing also. Some of the most friendly service I've had around Philly. I'll def be coming back to this place many times!the earth burger was pretty darn amazing. a scosh on the peppery side, but lovely. spinach tomato and pickles made it all the more groovy. i was nervous about the sweet potato fries. I ADORE SWEET POTATO FRIES and the reviews for theirs were less than stellar bit they came with the burger soooo........ A MAZE BALLS!!!!! they werent waffle cut (hallelujah amen), straight cut spears of joy they were. leas than 10 min from order to plate. too stuffed to eat the hummus and chips so stay tuned for part 2.We were so excited to find this spot. The food was delicious, and the people who worked there couldn't have been more friendly or attentive. The food quality was great. You could tell the ingredients were all very fresh. We are visiting from California and really hope a Hummus Republic comes to our area as we'd definitely go at least weekly if it was close to us.I rarely leave reviews. But this place is paradise for those who love ultimate customization (all included!). I got falafel and vegan beef on my bowl, it was so filling and delicious. Portions are great, as are flavors and ambience. I love counter-service spots and this one has great service & quality. Marquise and Anthony definitely made my experience!  They were super helpful in navigating the menu. Definitely good to go in person and check out!Stopped for lunch with my wife. Great experience and great food. 
Great selection of veggie and Vegan options, quick and professional service.
Loved the lemonades.
Got the BYO salad and the customization option are endless.
Try it out!I can't wait to go back to Hummus Republic. The food was delicious and fresh. There are so many options for Vegetarians too, which is always appreciated. 
I got a wrap, which comes with three different types of hummus, two protein choices (there was falafel, vegan beef, two types of chicken, and beef), unlimited toppings (olives, onions, cucumber, feta, etc etc) and a dressing. The flavor combo was insane. 
Also, the staff was incredibly friendly. Will was so helpful - he offered us samples and even made fresh falafel for me, even though the ones out had only been out for 15 min. 
Highly recommend! I wouldn't be surprised if more locations pop up soon.Wow! We wanted to try this place out since they've open and we finally did today and definatelu impressed!  Food was amazing and service was excellent. Definitely get your moneys worth with each meal. Drinks were awesome. Will definitely come back. Will, the guy helping us out, was very helpful in helping us decide what to get and explaining the menu. Thanks!I only got sweet potato fries. They were cold and limp. The seasoning was delicious but needed to be added to a hot, crisp fries. Service was friendly.  Those fries will set you back 3.50.Mehhh I had really high expectations for this place. It's essentially a version of pita chip but alittle less vast in options. The place was fine and looked clean but the food itself wasn't that good. It was fresh, but unseasoned. I just didn't capture that flavor I was hoping for. Perhaps pita chip set my expectations too high? I didn't think their hummus was as smooth as it could be as well. I cut some slack and gave three stars because it's pretty new. Hopefully they amo up the flavor sometime soon!First time here and the staff were very welcoming and took the time to explain the menu and make suggestions. The pita bread is warmed first, and spread with different types of hummus. I tried the traditional, kalamata olive, and tzatziki hummus, all of which were really good. I had both the chicken schwarma and the lemon chicken -- the staff member was really helpful and suggested that I try half of each. There are a ton of veggies to add on -- cucumber, red onions, cabbage, salad, olives, and some garlic/olive oil on top. Check in on the Yelp app and get a free lemonade! Perfect for a hot summer day in philadelphia.The food is so yummy and staff are so friendly. You choose whatever you like to add to your bowl and the food quality is superb. Awesome place to try.My new go to lunch spot in Rittenhouse Square. Everything from the warm welcome when you walk in to the generous serving sizes and SUPER fresh food is remarkable.The first time I walked in I was super intimidated on how the process works but the employees and owner make you feel like you have been there many times before. I will definitely become a regular! Welcome to rittenhouse!!We stopped here for a bite, looking for something inexpensive yet tasty. The atmosphere is quaint, bright, and cute. There's minimal seating inside, with one table outside. There were several options of hummus and many toppings, all of which had good flavor, that you can choose in the form of a bowl, pita, or salad. The staff was friendly and welcoming. I wouldn't necessarily seek out this place again, but perhaps would stop in again if I was nearby.I walked by this place and saw hummus and had to stop by. It's a cute little spot for a casual lunch or dinner. I got a hummus bowl with toppings and falafel. They give you a large portion and 2 pita breads with it. The hummus was okay and the pita bread was not real pita bread. The pita was thin and hard. If you want hummus and good pita I would suggest Hummusology or Dizengoff.Nice & clean stop for a healthy & satisfying meal on the go. The vegan steak was definitely not steak but still tasted good and had an oddly enjoyable texture. They have an extensive variety of toppings and sauces and many of them won't cost you any extra. Not quite as fast as a Chipotle, but take a breath, relax & wait for them to fry your falafel to order (tell them as soon as you start ordering, it takes 3 mins to cook.) I would definitely return, if I lived in the area.Great new spot! I work in the area so I had the chance to eat in many of the areas' restaurants and I have to admit that this place really stands out in its simple menu, great food and quick service.
Since Their opening, I ate there a few times and every time I'm surprised by the richness of the salad options, I feel like I will never get tired of new food combinations. The staff is also great, friendly and does a wonderful job introducing dinners to the food by letting them sample while still waiting in line.
If you like Mediterranean food and want to keep it healthy - try them out, you're not going to regret.Points given for vegan and Gluten free falafel. The falafel was of a much later texture and my favorite middle eastern places.The hummus lacked flavor and was not as creamy as I would prefer. I would really like it if they offered a smaller size bowl for a lite lunch or mid afternoon snackSorry for cheating on you Goldie, with the saddest meal ever. I rarely write negative reviews because I know how hard running a business is, but honestly, the food and service was so bad I had to share.
The food... why would you serve  falafels and fries that have been sitting out, dry and room temperature? Who wants such mediocre quality? Eggplant hummus had no flavor, didn't even taste salty, and all the toppings looked like they've been sitting out all day, didn't look fresh at all. Couldn't believe I was at the establishment that has colorful fresh vibrant pictures on Instagram. I felt scammed.
Oh and the server, who was the only person working there had the worst attitude. Had zero desire to even explain what the items were, or how/what to order. My husband and I kept glancing at each other with horrified looks thinking "is this for real? Can we just leave and not get this??" because her attitude was that bad.
Never again. Gonna keep going to Goldies where they fry your falafels to order and everything is super fresh and delicious. Nope, I don't work there, not an ad, just being honest.I've been to there location in California and decided to check them out while I was in Philly since I heard they opened a location there.  The food is so tasty and amazing and I don't feel bad after eating here. All there ingredients are simple ingredients, which is beautiful! I'm a vegetarian and this place is like finding treasure. They offer vegetarian , vegan , and gluten free options! I built my own vegan beef wrap and I couldn't be more happy .   It was soooooo delicious !!! They have an assortment of hummus which is made with organic garbanzo beans! They offer free lemonade if you check-in via yelp or Facebook and I definitely took advantage . I had the sage & lavender lemonade which was sooooooo refreshing !! They're customer service was beautiful also!  Definitely recommend for everyone to check this place out if your in the area!I am a creature of habit. I usually make my own lunch or get salad at Sweetgreen. I decided to try something new for lunch today and Hummus Republic did not disappoint. I made my own bowl and was only able to finish half of it so I will be polishing off the other half for lunch tomorrow. 
Overall, everything tastes flavorful and fresh. Decently priced for the neighborhood and I feel you get more protein for the price. I will be back.Cold, flavorless, overpriced. $9.18 for a crappy pita with 3 falafel balls that were cold from sitting out. Stick with Goldie, where they make the falafel fresh to order and it's light and delicious for $7ish dollars.The hummus is really yummy. They have 6 different selections for the hummus flavor you want, and you get to have 3 scoops, so basically you can try all the flavors if you go with a friend. My favourite is the harissa and the classic. If you order a salad, they don't give you much for the base, and from other people's order, the base isn't huge as well which isn't a plus. Their proteins are well prepared, would recommend the lemon chicken. Pretty good place for a quick bite.Stopped into Hummus Republic again just for a lemonade (half pomegranate half ginger turmeric of course) and was greeted by Will! He mixed my lemonade and we chatted a little, and I was able to get the free refill which was awesome. Every time I come here the staff is personable and super helpful. Kudos to Will and the whole Hummus Republic staff!Omg the vegan beef is so spicy and delish. Food filled to max and Anthony and Paul are freaking awesome!Pros: Friendly, quick service, clean, lots of options (toppings, proteins, and hummus varieties) for customizing
Cons: The falafel don't measure up to Mama's (and less expensive), and neither the pita nor the hummus measure up to Dizengoff, and both are just 2 1/2 blocks away, admittedly in different directions, so if you wanted both, you're going to have to walk a bit (although there's always Goldie, which I haven't been to yet), 
If customizing is your thing, this is your place; otherwise, probably not.
Sorry.Dirty, dirty, dirty. I wanted to love my food, but I did not end up eating it. The staff members did not wear gloves, barely washed their hands after taking out the trash in front of me, and put the pita wrapper face down on a dirty counter before flipping it over and wrapping my pita in it. The good thing is it's so tiny you can see how dirty it all is-and choose not to eat there.Went in for.a quick lunch a couple of days ago. 
Fresh ingredients and beautify made bowls. Loved the Shawarme and the generous dish sizes.
Will definitely add it to my lunch rotations.Tried to redeem the free lemonade coupon and the employee had no idea what I was talking about :( smhThe food was very good, although I wasn't super thrilled about the amount of time I spent waiting in line, especially since there were only 2 people ahead of me. There was only one staff member working, and there didn't seem to be an efficient system for assembling the meals and preparing more food for the line. This same staff member had to build the meals, restock what was going empty on the line, AND ring out customers, which caused for a pretty significant holdup. I also didn't love how it's not labeled anywhere that customers can only pick up to 3 hummus/dip flavors, which caused staff to give me a hard time when I ordered 4. As we were getting rung out, a second staff member appeared, but the system for serving was not made any more efficient. There was still one person who created the entire meal and rung out customers, having to change their gloves several times in the process. I was very very impatient by the time I got my food. 
You can definitely tell the food is fresh, and although I'd like for servings to be a little bigger to justify the price, I'd go back. Staff were also super nice. They just need to figure out how to crank out high quantities of food, since it took us FAR too long to get our food on a Sunday afternoon.Will was so friendly and welcoming. Food was amazing we will definitely be back! Great addition to the neighborhood. Great options for vegetarian and vegansHummus republic has the worst fries I've ever had in my life. Even bad fries can be edible but I'm not sure these were. Soaked in grease, the one I had seemed undercooked but some fries were dried out. Clearly they have been sitting out and I'm not sure why they would even serve them at this point. We ordered street fries. It wasnt until after they put the fries in the box and we asked if anything goes on top of the fries, that they told us they didnt have them. This is odd considering the salad we ordered contained all of the ingredients that go on top of the street fries. Another customer was also told they didn't have them as well. 
The build your own salad is okay. With so many better options for similar food in this area, I'm not sure why anyone would go here.Paul and Anthony are the best!!! Awesome customer service and recommendations! Can't wait to eat my delicious bowl. YumThe super insta worthy pics led us to this hip new spot in town
The staff behind the counter was super friendly and let us try the different hot sauces to make sure we didn't go in over our heads and spend our entire meal suffering and chugging water
The lack of prefab options is a bit overwhelming. I am glad the place wasn't busy or else I would have felt immense pressure to order something random and get out of line so the staff could help the next customer 
We ordered a pita wrap with falafel and a bowl with chicken shawarma. The proteins were both pretty good but the hummus was very average. We tried the regular hummus, eggplant hummus, and harissa hummus
Pita wrap was difficult to hold and it kept falling apart. A pita pocket would have held together the meal much nicer. The hummus bowl was a mistake. Hummus is not meant to be served over a bed of greens, cous cous, and garbanzo beans. It did not pair well at all
Unfortunately they were out of waffle fries so we did not get to try the street fries which I was pretty bummed about
You best believe ya boi checked in for the free lemonade which was very refreshing and paired well with the meal
3.5 stars but rounded down to 3 since we can't do 1/2 stars on yelpThis place is fantastic. They are very generous with their portion size and the food is so tasty. I came here with my pregnant wife and the staff was so attentive. We got a bowl and grape leaves, there is such a variety and so much to choose from. Will definitely be coming back here again.So I came to this place last night after I was stuffed to the brim from dinner. I'm a crazy bitch and decided to literally, I'm not joking, order take out while waiting to pay the bill from my main dinner. Let me explain.
I don't usually eat carbs these days but I was the wildest carb bitch back in the day. Being a vegetarian doesn't give you many options and carbs are FUCKING DELICIOUS. Having said that shit, I'm also a travel bitch and I've been fortunate enough to taste the divine ecstasy that is hummus in israel. I could go through a tub of that bliss in probably 2 days, and did so more often than not. I've had dizengoff. I've had zahav. I've had hummusology. I've had isot. I've made zahav's hummus myself from the nytimes cooking website before I even know wtf zahav was. Hummus was the most painful staple of my diet to be clawed out of my stone-cold dead corpse hand when I decided to cut out carbs. 
I knew in the periphery of my consciousness that a new hummus place opened up but this knowledge was repressed because I "don't eat hummus anymore". I was asked at work if I've tried hummus republic and NO I HAVE NOT BC I DON'T EAT CARBS, REMEMBER? It's been a sore spot, needless to say. 
I was a bad girl last week and this past weekend. After completely gorging myself with nachos I knew this was my opportunity to try this place. Similarly to peeing in the ocean, what's a few more carbs? My pancreas has had ample time to rest up for this marathon. A milkshake from nearby shake shack wasn't out of the question either.
I placed a pick up order on yelp. I wanted something simple, quick hummus and pita side and some falafel balls. 
Food was ready significantly earlier than projected, which was appreciated. 
Both hummus and chips were good. Hummus is definitely not the best I've had but it is much better than average. Philly's hummus scene is actually pretty boast-worthy so it's hard to compete. This hummus was good but I can't say it beats out dizengoff which is close by. 
I'm actually not generally a huge falafel fan but this was possibly one of the best falafel I've had in the US. I'm not saying it's outrageously authentic but it TASTES GOOD. 
It looks like this place also has a lot of options with mix and match capabilities. Pita, bowls, etc. I can't speak to the quality of this shit but at least it appears to have potential.A fun and healthy new option!
I took my boyfriend here as a surprise because I love mediterranean and he's a vegetarian, and it's been hard to find common ground for us to eat. This place was a solid, inexpensive lunch in center city Philadelphia. 
Everything is pretty good, and definitely creative. I had a traditional pita, shawarma chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, red onion, red cabbage, yogurt sauce, all the good stuff. I like those classic mediterranean flavors. My boyfriend had a bowl with falafel, and all the spicy stuff his heart desired. So colorful! 
The guy working there was very nice and seemed like he really cared about the place. He had so many sauces and different tahinis! Harissa, olive, eggplant, zesty feta, tzatziki, and at least a few more spicy salsa-type sauces that my boyfriend was enthusiastic about. Beet, lemon/olive oil, garlic jalap, traditional, roasted red pepper, and harissa tahinis. Wow!
I got the free pomegranate lemonade from checking in on Yelp and IT. WAS. GOOD. Probably the best part for me. 
Overall, I'm more of a fan of the concept, creativity, and price point than the actual quality/tastes of the food. It's nothing to go around raving about, but it's a good new place to try if you're tired of burgers, food carts, and Chipotle like me. Also, get that pom lemonade. Just do it.Paul and Anthony were great! They were super helpful on our first time into the HR. They also played dope music. Thanks for an awesome first visit!service was not great. they didnt have any vegan items and is overpriced. would not recommendVery good hummus place. My favorite is the traditional hummus. The chickpeas and wheat pilaf is very flavorful and so are the chicken schwarma and lemon. The eggplant hummus has funny taste. The tzaziki sauce is good too.hummus and tabuleh tastes like nothing. the tahini was okay but needed lemon juice. I'm from the middle east and I found this incredibly tasteless. better off buying sabra supermarket hummus, drizzle some olive oil and chopping a salad.Very much enjoyed my lunch at Hummus Republic. I love trying new places, so was excited when my lunch companion told me she'd already been and and would totally go again!
As a huge falafel fan, I went old-school and got the Pita base (warmed) with three hummus/spreads: Zesty Feta Dip (definitely recommend this one!), Traditional Hummus, and Tatziki, which I found all blended perfectly with my Falafel Balls protein and my choice of unlimited toppings: Pickled Red Onion, Chopped Salad, and Pickled Red Cabbage. Yes, the sandwich was messy, but what falafel-in-pita-with-toppings sandwich isn't? It was also delicious!
My lunch companion got the Salad base (can also get a bowl), a variety of other hummus/spreads (e.g., the Harissa Hummus, Roasted Eggplant Hummus, and the Kalamata Olive Hummus), and the Lemon Chicken (after tasting and comparing the Chicken Shawarma, which she had on her last visit).
Service was friendly, and we appreciated being able to taste a few things to aid our decision-making process. I'll definitely return, as I'd like to try some other combinations as well as their tahini shakes (must compare them to Goldie's!).
Note, the other protein options are: the Braised Garden Vegetables, Vegan Beef, Chicken Shawarma, Lemon Chicken, and Grilled Steak Strips. And the other toppings are: Kalamata Olives, Feta, Fresh Herbs, Diced Beets, White Cabbage, Tabbouleh, Fried Chickpeas, Pomegranate Kale Salad, and Chopped Cucumber.
And note: It's counter-seating along the front and down one side of a relatively small space, so come early to grab a spot!This place was awesome; I stumbled upon it and will be back on October 1st for their opening $1 specials! 
The portions were large, the food was well prepared, and the staff was very friendly. The prices were also reasonable and I have nothing bad to say about Hummus Republic. I'll be back!!Been back here about a dozen times since my first review, again and again the food is great, all fresh ingredients and many different delicious combinations, the service is very professional and quick!Love this place! Paul Anthony gave me great service. I'll definitely be back! There was a wide variety of options and definitely worth the money. This will be my dinner and lunch!The bowl was made with fresh and super healthy ingredients and the pita chips were soft and crispy (highly recommend getting them). Also, the guy working was super sweet. I really hope they expand and make one closer to my home (south Florida, hint hint).hummus republic came up as a free delivery promo on grubhub so i decided to try it.  The food took a bit longer than expected, but the pita sandwich i got was very good.  It was really stuffed full making the one meal easily divided into two.  I would be interested in trying food hot from the restaurant and not getting delivery to see if its better that way.Food is fresh the flavors and options are delicious & endless especially for the price. The other Mediterranean food options usually start at $14 and you dont get as much as you do here. I highly recommend Hummus Repub.This is one of my favorite quick and health meal options in center city! The concept is a create your own pita or Mediterranean bowl and they certainly deliver with a filling healthy meal! You can start with either a chickpea or grain base and then add three humus (varying types, really love their harissa hummus), along with a protein (including falafel) and toppings. The jalapeño dressing is AMAZINGGG and definitely enough reason to go back on it's down. 
It's a small spot, they don't have much seating (other than a couple window spots) so it's definitely more for take out and likely can't accommodate a group. They take credit. 
Overall, a great quick pick up spot if you want something filling and healthy. And don't forget to check in on yelp and you may get a free lemonade!So I happened to be walking by on the way to lunch with my mom and stopped in Just to check out the menu since I was there. Everyone greeted me when I walked in and I loved the options! They have several meats but I inquired whether the falafel was gluten free and they advised it was and offered a taste. I accepted and was amazed at how flavorful it was. I am not a vegan but certainly appreciate a great vegan meal and this was some of the best falafel I've ever had! I had other questions and they both were so patient and friendly, a gentleman and what I guess was a newer woman as she deferred a few questions to the man. 
My mom and I still had to eat so I told them I'd be back to grab something for dinner. When I came back several hours later, the newer woman had remembered me, always a plus. There was another woman there now who prepared my Salad and answered some more questions. Again everyone there was just so nice! I settled in on the pic below (kale salad with falafel burger plus a side of grape leaves and I'm eating it now for dinner, and it's amazing!!! 
As I checked out they offered tastes of their lemonade. I tried a few and settled in on the pomegranate lemonade topped off with the turmeric ginger lemonade. It's soooooo good, refreshing, and perfectly sweetened as I hate my drinks too sweet. I will definitely be back! And looking forward to them sitting up delivery. Thank you to all the staff at Hummus!I was perusing the menu on the window when the staff welcomed me in to try anything on the menu. Great tactic because I walked in and ended up buying my dinner for the night. 
I ordered the salad bowl (I mixed of all three greens available) with both types of chicken as my protein (lemon and some other type). I sampled the dips before choosing the harissa hummus, the tzatziki sauce and the feta dip.  I didn't hold back with the additional toppings and got most of them, taking full advantage of the unlimited additions option. 
Honestly, the dish looked a lot better than it tasted. The food simply didn't taste fresh and the dips and the toppings were lacking flavor. I absolutely love the location and the service but I don't think I'll be coming back here for food since there are many other good places near by.super delicious! went here for lunch today. generous portion sizes and very healthy. as far as toppings go, I highly recommend the falafel, harissa hummus, moroccan hot sauce, and pickled cabbage. so good.Maybe it's because I came during a slow time after work, but I wasn't exactly impressed with my food here. I'm not going to belabor the build-your-own ordering style because you know that already, but you might not be surprised that I'm rarely a fan of these kinds of places.
The bases are standard (though chickpeas was a surprise since usually, you get that as a topping) and you can mix them up if you like. I imagine the proteins are better during the lunch rush since they're pre-cooked and not exactly on a warming contraption. I got falafel, which was probably a mistake after religiously going to other spots in the city with made-to-order. 
I like that the hummus comes in different flavors but still comes out slightly average despite that. Don't get me wrong, the flavors are definitely there, I just wasn't impressed.
The plus side of all of this was the ginger turmeric lemonade, which I got for free via the Yelp Check-in offer. It wasn't as spicy as I was hoping, but it was just as good. 
My advice is come when the proteins are constantly rotating (and definitely get the ginger turmeric lemonade!).So I happened to be walking by on the way to lunch with my mom and stopped in Just to check out the menu since I was there. Everyone greeted me when I walked in and I loved the options! They have several meats but I inquired whether the falafel was gluten free and they advised it was and offered a taste. I accepted and was amazed at how flavorful it was. I am not a vegan but certainly appreciate a great vegan meal and this was some of the best falafel I've ever had! I had other questions and they both all so patient and friendly, a gentleman and what I guess was a newer woman as she deferred a few to the man. 
My mom and I still had to eat so I told them I'd be back to grab something for dinner. When I came back several hours later, the newer woman had remembered me, always a plus. There was another woman there now who prepared my Salad and answered some more questions. Again everyone ethers was just so nice! I settled in on the pic below (kale salad with falafel burger and I'm eating it now for dinner, and it's amazing!!! 
As I checked out they offered tastes of their lemonade. I tried a few and settled in on the pomegranate lemonade topped off with the turmeric ginger lemonade. It's soooooo good, refreshing, and perfectly sweetened as I hate my drinks too sweet. I will definitely be back! And looking forward to them sitting up deThank you to all the staff at Hummus! 
7/22 - I've been craving this since my last visit, went back today and it was even better than before! Got the kale salad again but this time with the regular falafel, harissa hummus and spicy dressing, the pomegranate lemonade again topped with the ginger turmeric and a side of grape leaves. I had a chance to chat with Will since it wasn't so busy and I swear this place has the greatest staff!!! This is easily becoming my fav casual spot!Hummus Republic is one of the better hummus places I've stumbled upon because of their wide variety of toppings--great for vegetarians! 
You can get a salad bowl or pita, both delicious. There are about six options for the type of hummus you want-- I loved the roasted red pepper and original hummus. For the protein option, vegetarians can choose Falafel or a vegetarian 'meat' choice-- I haven't tasted the latter, but I loved the falafels. They were tasty and cooked to a perfect level. 
The place itself is small, but definitely enough room for you and your laptop if you need to get work done. The staff is friendly and if you check-in on yelp you get a FREE lemonade-- who doesn't love free stuff. I got the Mint Jalapeno lemonade which was decent. It wasn't too sour, the jalapeno flavor was not as strong as the mint was, but it was a refreshing drink nonetheless. 
I like this place cause you can really get good hummus and falafel with a nice variety of toppings. I definitely recommend it for any healthy eaters out there.My coworker returned from lunch one day mentioning this new lunch spot down the street from our office that must of just opened. After looking at her food and the menu I figured let me go check this place out. Walking in the space is small, but adequate. I didn't receive a warm or any greeting for that matter mentioned in other reviews. I love how many options there are to choose from and all of the ingredients looked fresh. The workers sort of stared at us blankly as my friend and I decided what we wanted. I ended up with a chicken salad concoction which I greatly enjoyed. The pomegranate lemonade (free with check in) OMG delicious and refreshing! Sweet potato fries were straight up gross, soggy with oil and and I saw seasoning but didn't taste any. Should have gotten the pita chips, can't go wrong with those.Call me a sucker for a good picture and freebie, but this was worth being suckered into. 
My favorite thing from this place was the pomegranate lemonade. I'm not typically a fan of lemonade, but this was so refreshing and super delicious. I would come back here on a hot day just to pick up a lemonade!
Walking into a new place for the first time is always a bit nerve wrecking, especially a build-your-own place. The employees were mostly just indifferent, and I didn't feel too comfortable asking for recommendations, so I just decided to get a falafel bowl and throw in a bunch of random items. The actual falafel had a nice kick to it, and was sill crispy on the outside once I got back to the office. The feta spread definitely pulled the bowl together and tasted yummy!
I ordered a side of the sweet potato fries. Honestly a bit disappointed. They were super greesy and almost soft to the point where they seemed kinda wet. The actual flavor of the fries was good but I couldn't get past the texture.
I would definitely come back here, especially for the lemonade, but I'd say avoid the sweet potato fries!I came in one day for a quick falafel bite. I ended up getting a salad bowl with the chicken shawarma also in it. I'm not sure if it's the healthy approach which made everything taste so different? But I personally wasn't a big fan of the flavors. The hummus was okay. There are many places around the city which offer this style of Mediterranean. But it's not a bad option if you need to fuel up fast and healthy.Have been twice since they opened up. The hummus, felafel, and toppings are all fresh. Good service and good value. Will be going back in the future.Hummus Republic blows all other hummus spots in the city out of the water. The generous serving of food can last you two meals and I appreciate the gift of unlimited toppings. Critical to note that the warm pita chips are legit amazing- don't leave without them.