This is fast becoming a regular place for us.  My husband, without fail, will always get the beef noodle soup, and give himself a big heaping spoon full of suan cai (pickled vegetables).  I've gotten many different bowls of soup noodles here--beef noodle soup, pork chop, roasted duck, etc.  Everything's pretty good (I'm a fan of their hong you cao shou - wontons in chili oil), it's pretty cheap, and the server is always so nice to us!
I think their boba is only ok, though my husband always gets a taro one.  The boba aren't quite chewy enough for me, and their taro tastes powdery--but it's not bad.
We definitely have been back, and will definitely continue to go back :)Great selection of vegan food, cheap, and delivery was fast and the lady was very nice! I'm just excited about a new vegan delivery spot, but so far so good with these guys!This place is okay. When I am too lazy to walk to my other Froyo spot (Yogurt City on 13th and Chestnut), this will do just fine. Their flavors are nice, but they don't change them up very often, if at all.
Also, I love my candy toppings, but I hate when they are melted! It is way too hot in there for all of that chocolate to survive, plus I have noticed flies the last few times I have been in there. The place is cute, but needs a little bit of help.Green tea frozen yogurt is da bomb! I love the variety toppings... grass jelly, lychee poppers, Oreos, chocolate chips, etc. This place is so much cheaper and definitely lesser in calories than Red Mango or other fancy yogurt place :)My boyfriend and I have tried several from homemade to chain store fro yo place and imo this place is much better than some of the well known ones. You just have to choose the right flavor. My boyfriend is loyal to original yogurt flavor and he is now obsessed with their California tart flavor. I was pleasantly surprised to find green tea fro yo flavor (really Asian I know) and it really has a strong matcha taste, proven they put enough flavor in there. I like their popping boba toppings, something that cant be found in many places. Tbh we were skeptical at first it being owned by Chinese (let face it, some of the business run by chinese are horrible) but once you get pass the tacky decoration (very confusing in fact, half cutsy and half old style) you can find a pretty good fro yo place for dessert. The owner is really nice too.What if you had missed your train home, and have 30 minutes to spare before the next train comes?  You are also hungry because lunch was 6 hours ago, and the dinner thoughts come racing through your mind.  Oh Chinatown, what could you possibly give me that will not ruin my appetite yet will alleviate my hunger craze?  
Froyo to the rescue!  I-Green Frozen Yogurt has been dubbed my first froyo experience in Chinatown, and it was worth it.  Chinatown is a perfect spot for froyo...why?  The abundance of fruit!  And may I be biased?  Dragonfruit!  No no, dragonfruit is not unique to I-Green, but perhaps now I will be more cognizant when it comes to froyo in Chinatown ;-) Thank you, I-Green!I Green has an interesting concept - authentic hand drawn noodles mixed with  a froyo bar. This review is for the authentic Chinese food portion.
The food was excellent. I always had a morbid curiosity about this place - what type of froyo shop would advertise homemade hand drawn beef noodle? I had to stop in.
Guys, the food is fantastic. Don't let the bad reviews for froyo fool you. The beef noodle is bar none some of the best I have tasted here in Philadelphia. I am from Taiwan and I'm picky about my beef noodle, so when I find a place that can do it justice, it makes me very pleased.
We also tried the roast duck soup, which was delicious. The dumpling in chilli sauce was excellent, you could tell that it was home made. They use the same flour they used to make the noodles for the wrapper.
I haven't tried the froyo yet, but froyo is not my thing. I like bubble tea, which they have. They also have a variety of dim sum items which I am planning on trying next time I am here. Definitely will visit this place and try more food.When we stepped into the brightly and sparsely furnished restaurant offering foods addressing a combination of eating restrictions, I was surprised by the liberal amounts of food coloring in the yogurt - I guess I thought there would be more purity in the food.  However, I did like the taste and flavor of the smooth yogurt. While there is a mix of fresh and canned fruit (that could be bolstered), I hope they add more toppings like chocolate chips.This review is just for the frozen yogurt...
The taro and green tea flavors are amazing. The guy behind the counter told me that the green tea has real matcha in it - not sure if that's true since its so cheap... But it really does taste good.
Surprisingly, the taro is even yummier. I think it's the creamier texture. 
I did get chocolate covered pretzels as my topping, but I really think you would come here for the taro + green tea flavors.I haven't tried the food here, so I'm just going to be reviewing the frozen yogurt.
The first time I went here was after I had just finished a big bowl of Pho down the street and, while walking home, suddenly decided I wanted some tea. I passed I-Green and saw they served food, so I thought I'd get some tea. I got a pot of Jasmine green tea and it was serviceable. I decided to get some frozen yogurt while I was at it. They typically have taro and green tea on tap, and I highly recommend coming to get these two flavors. These two flavors are what make this place my favorite yogurt spot in the city. While the green tea is really good, the taro is just flat out amazing. Taro and matcha are probably my favorite dessert flavors, along with vanilla, which this place does very well also, so maybe I am a bit biased. Either way, the taro is some of the best stuff I have had. 
They have a really nice selection of toppings, with popping boba, mochi, fruits you don't typically see at yogurt places, along with all your standard stuff (raisins, oreos, etc.) The people here are also incredibly nice every time I go in. Did I mention that it is really, really cheap? Five stars and will be back a thousand more times. Perhaps one day I'll even try the food too. 
P.S. They deliver taro bubble tea and honeydew smoothies.I don't eat froyo often, but when I do, I usually get coconut or vanilla or chocolate. This place didn't have coconut so I was 'forced' to try the other flavors. and I'm glad I did! They have green tea, taro, vanilla, strawberry, white chocolate, peach, and others that I don't really remember! haha. I got the white chocolate, strawberry and green tea and boy were they delicious. They also have lots of toppings to choose from including popping bubbles and fresh fruits. 
There's also a restaurant in the back that I didn't bother trying because I went here for the froyo right after I ate some dim sum. I'll be sure to try their buns next time; they looks pretty legit!What I like about this place is the combination of frozen yogurt and food variety available for different time of the day. As for the frozen yogurt, it is not my favorite place to go but they're good with lots of toppings. The place is also spacious and nicely designed. The only thing I don't like is that you have to ask to get mochi candy on your yogurt. I guess people go crazy on it so they have to seal up the container? But still you are paying by the oz so you should be able to get as much of whatever that you want. Besides no other yogurt place does this that I know of. 
As for the food, I have tried some items on the menu. It is okay for the price. I was expecting the food however to be hotter when it reached the table. My noodle soup was just warm. The juicy dumplings were a letdown because I was expecting more soup inside of it like the ones from Dim Sum Garden. Overall, you get what you pay for. Not bad.In the kitchen (located in the back, behind the whole froyo set up), you can score some fresh dim sum all day. At $6, I-Green's lunch combo is almost tempting, but the basic choices are not thrilling. Instead, bring a friend, and share some plates from the dim sum section.
I sat down and was served some excellent tea. I asked about the dim sum section and the waiter told me everything is handmade and would take about 10 minutes to be ready. Promising.
Fuzhou wontons had to be explained to me; they are like nothing I have ever heard of- meaty wontons in a simply, salty broth. Sounds normal. BUT, the wonton wrapper is made out of pounded pork skin. It gave the wontons an extra unctuous element. Might as well have more meat and less carbs. Dr. Atkins approves this bowl.
When Shanghai juicy buns (soup dumplings/ xiao long bao) are on a menu, I order them. At I-Green, you get 6 for $4.95, a good price. I was skeptical, mostly because of all the genres this place covers, could they know how to execute the elusive soup dumpling? They ended up really impressing me; the broth was unique, rich and with notes of anise. I liked the fresh tasting pork filling, and the sticky wrapper had the right thickness. All soup dumplings lovers should add these on their Chinatown itinerary.
Our one disappointment were the shu mai, which unfortunately, did not taste fresh.  Maybe most of the dim sum, but not everything, is handmade.I ordered from this place on GrubHub, having read great reviews. I ordered around 2:30pm and was told to expect a delivery around 3:30-3:40. At 4pm, I called and asked where my order was, and the person on the phone told me (in a rather rude tone) that they were "very busy" and my order would not arrive for 15-20 more minutes. At 4:15 the restaurant called me and told me that their delivery car had broken down, so now, almost two hours after ordering, my order has now been canceled. I will never be ordering from here again.Very excellent execution of some basic American Chinese food.  Tired, hungry and wanting comfort food we ordered egg rolls, egg drop soup,and sweet,and sour chicken. Right on the money -- delicious and piping hot.  Maybe some of,the best sweet and sour chicken I've,ever had.  Fresh, not greasy, and clean, pleasant surroundings...The second time I come. My friends ask me to bring Fudin meat ball soup. I order cold sesame noodle this time. What surprise me is they use hand drawn noodle instead of the noodle from market. Off course hand drawn noodle tastes a lot better. And I bring my friends the cold noodle as well, to share my loved food.They have good bubble ice tea. and people are good. 
Their Chinese food tastes normal, just like any other placeIncredible service and they have awesome fro yo flavors like taro! Love it here, super clean and good for your money.My fiancé had to stop by an eyeglasses store to pick up a copy of his prescription, and as we were entering I noticed i-Green Frozen Yogurt and Kitchen right next door advertising their self serve frozen yogurt. He knows my weakness, so he just rolled his eyes as I muttered that I'd be right back and snuck quickly into their store to scope it out. It's a big space, or maybe it felt super big because it was empty. Most of the seating is up in front, and if there is a kitchen I have no idea where it is. The froyo that's further inside by the counter/register drew me swiftly towards it, and I'm pretty sure I literally gasped when I saw the first two flavors listed: GREEN TEA and TARO. I died. I had to try the taro. It was spectacular, super rich and creamy. They have other, more everyman type flavors like vanilla and peanut butter, but so does every other froyo place in Philly!
A quick glance at the toppings showed me one large section full of candies, another section filled with healthier choices like sunflower seeds and granola, and then the fruit is hidden underneath a metal container, I guess to keep it fresh? I didn't take a closer look, I had to run back to my fiancé since we had another appointment to get to - but I WILL BE BACK. FOR THE TARO AND GREEN TEA.Review is for FROYO:
It's terrible. Go to yogorino or igloo for much better FROYO. The toppings here are lame and they only stock a few favors at a time.froyo?  who cares?  vegans being fed chicken?  somewhat funny . . . i-Green is the most fun you can have in the back of a bus station without a followup at the free clinic 
i don't know how to judge the quality of yogurt or bubble tea, but i do know good Ma Po Tofu and if it's too spicy for you at Tasty House, then this is right up your alley.  Ma Po is tofu done right, with pork.  Tofu pretty much tastes like it looks without the right meat .  Thank god the Chinese aren't from California because they know how to jazz those little curds up.  Fry them with ground up piggies and throw a pile of peppers in too.  They even add some fresh peas at i-Green.  Genius.
The soup dumplings aren't Flushing quality but they beat the under the tunnel Dim Sum joke most people know about.
And you can order all of this to you very own dojo.
http://www.grubhub.com/singleCustomerView.action?custId=274593first time step in. Fudin meat ball soup is great. Smooth meat ball and delicious soup.After getting off of a treacherous greyhound bus ride, I came here to get a filling bowl of noodle soup with chicken. When the soup arrived, it was very oily with oil bubbles covering the top of the soup and the chicken was suspicious to say the least, but I ate it anyway, being young and nieve. The next day, around the 24 hour mark I felt terribly nauseous with a painful jabbing feeling in my abdominal region. After looking up the side effects of food poisoning, it was clear as day that I had it, and this was the place to blame.Brand new spot in Chinatown with an odd combination: vegan sushi, vegan American food(i.e. cheesesteaks), vegan Chinese food (i.e. soy general tso's), Bubble tea, and Frozen yogurt. Frozen Yogurt is 49 cents per ounce. I tried the mango and it was really great.Finally found another fro-yo place suitable to my taste, after the sad news of Red Mango's closing. Even though this place doesn't offer a lot of different flavors (only 6), but they have TARO flavor! And Dark Chocolate! And THREE different kinds of POPPING BUBBLES! (These popping bubbles are hidden in the cooling box between the toppings place, you gotta open it to get these "treasures") :D
Another thing that makes me in love with this place is their mango sauce for the fro-yo! The taste is so familiar and nostalgic to my childhood snack, somehow it just brought my mind back to my hometown as I was walking to the bus stop. Usually I don't like putting any sauce for my fro-yo, but when I saw that mango sauce bottle, I just randomly put the sauce in my cup (I'm glad I did.) I went here twice, in 2 days consecutively. I am addicted.
Cons: not much fruit toppings, the mochi are not chewy, the fro-yo texture is not "solid" enough that it melts too fast (not fun to eat *watery* liquid yogurt, eh?)
Hopefully they stock the green tea flavor again the next time I go there.. and also FIX THE TEXTURE of their fro-yo.. maybe add cute colorful spoons that fro-yo places usually offer :DWe ordered pad Thai, soup dumplings,  and hand drawn noodles. All were very good sized portions. Taste was 8/10. Soup dumpling were the star. Food came out within 10 minutes.  Overall I would come again.iGreen just opened up a couple of weeks ago and it definitely has some of the best quality yogurt I've ever had. (And I've been to all of them... Red Mango, Sweet Ending, Phileo, Berry Sweet, Whirled Peace, Top This, etc...).   The yogurt was so flavorful, had such a perfect texture, and about 8 variations to choose from with some oddball flavors in the mix but I can't remember them.
This place would have gotten 3 stars if it wasn't for the amazing quality of the yogurt... and that's because the topping selection is awful.  They have one little station with about 8 toppings to choose from, the fruit being the only thing somewhat appealing because this place is very vegan friendly (serves Vegan Chinese and american food, along with sushi).
It would be a shame to see this place fail because it is such a cool concept, and the yogurt is so delicious.  They just need to tweak some things and definitely add alot more toppings to make this my regular go-to-froyo spot.i ordered from their kitchen- tofu and broccoli.  a nice surprise was they added zucchini, carrots, and snow-peas.  it was fresh and not greasy/oily like most chinese restaurants I have tried.  the tofu was double deep fried and tasted so good.  I also ordered the fish ball soup.  the broth had tremendous flavor for such a simple soup.  I would totally go back.iGreen has it all- noodles, dumplings, sushi, fro-yo, even burgers (although I don't think I'll be getting a burger here anytime soon). I was told the pan fried pork buns were their specialty, and I have to agree they were delicious. I also tried the pork dumplings but I wasn't as much of a fan. My favorite part is that after your meal you can get your sweet fix, all under the same roof. They don't have as many flavors or toppings as some other places, but it gets the job done. And it's one of the only places of its kind in Chinatown, so this may just be my new regular spot.I didn't try the restaurqnt menu, but froyo is good. Although there are not many flavors to choose from, they are quite well made. Take the California tart and green tea!went back the other day for dinner. tried the soup dumplings again with a noodle soup and rice platter. I only tried the soup dumplings again b/c the cashier/waiter recommended. I told him their soup dumplings I tried last time didn't have soup in it. He said they improved it. I believed him and I was stupid. The soup dumplings were mushy and disgusting. The meat wasn't even fresh!!! I could taste the sourness of unfresh meat. Just disgusting. The noodle soup was too salty. The rice platter I order had too much starch and soy source in it. 
I can't believe such a restaurant is still standing. There is no soul no care no quality in the food. Def not going back ever!My friends were craving bubble tea and froyo so we dropped by here. This place is also a restaurant and the food seems delicious. I didn't order but I tried the mango and taro tea and it way yummy. They handshake each tea so it must be good! The froyo sample I tried was well flavored as well. I really liked the green tea. My favorite was their meat buns. It was made fresh and cheap! They also had lots of homemade items on their menu. The owner really wants to share great food with their customers.Modern decor for a yogurt/food joint.  I sampled some of the different flavored yogurts they have.  Particularly, a single lick of the green tea yogurt and I gobbled the rest of the sample down!  But what REALLY stands out about this place  and makes it a real gem are the fuzhou meat buns.  Hands down among the best meat buns I've had in the Philadelphia area (and I don't say that lightly!).  Other people seemed to have the same opinion as I do about those meat buns because I saw one Chinese woman come in requesting 5 of the meat buns to go so she could refrigerate them.  Our group of over 10 people just needed one person to share with 2 of us, and most people ended up ordering the meat bun! NOM! Just trust me, you'll want to try it.I ordered off of grubhub and the food was AWESOME. It took a few minutes longer than stated but was totally worth it. Don't let the bad reviews fool you. The food was hot and super fresh, especially the fried pork buns.I-Green is a bit confusing. They serve a variety of food and drinks that don't seem to go well together. 
I visited them a few times and each time I tried something different and this was my experience:
Frozen yogurt-I loved it. They had different flavors and fruits/candy you can choose for the top. Forgot the price, but it's not cheap. 
Meat buns-I feel like they make the best meat buns in Chinatown. It's juicy and hot and tasty! Takes too long though. Had to wait for 5-10min just for the meat buns. 
Juicy buns(soup dumplings)-the only reason I give an okay rating is because their juicy buns. There's no soup in it. It's not juicy!! If you don't know how to make juicy buns then take it off your menu. Feeling like an idiot when I discovered none of my juicy buns was juicy. Just a big disappointment. Do not order this from the menu.Ugh. Dirty (weird smell), I asked for my sushi to be made with brown rice and got white. My seaweed salad was not very fresh and gamey. And had to wait quite some time for my order to be made (the place was empty). Will not be returning.If you're vegan or have a dairy allergy in Philadelphia, you might have resigned yourself to Capogiro's slim pickings to satisfy your froyo cravings. Look no more-at I-Green, you really won't feel like you're missing anything.
I got Watermelon sorbet, really smooth and no weird aftertaste (not the fake slurpee "watermelon" taste I expected). On a Sunday afternoon, the shop was really pleasant-ranging from a family with small kids to a young couple on a date and there was no sense of being rushed. I felt like the prices were also relatively good, about $4 for what costs me easily $5.50 at Kiwi. 
The only reason why I'm giving I-Green 4 stars is the topping selection-kind of slim in the fruit department and candy if you live for the toppings of your fro-yo.Good frozen yogurt, great texture and flavor. Dairy free options for vegans. The staff is friendly and polite, I was searching for fruit to top my yogurt and was directed to a refrigerated case that held about 15 types of fruit toppings. Another case held candy, nuts ect.
I haven't tried the food yet but they have a $5.99 lunch special that may be good.Have ordered twice from here, via Grubhub. It did not disappoint.
The first time we ordered a huge selection of dim sum, to create our own 'dumpling buffet.' They called to confirm our order, given its quantity, which I thought was quite considerate and displayed strong customer service skills. The delivery came about 15 minutes before expected and the food was great. 
We ordered:
-the cheese wontons (3/5); 
-dumplings in chili oil (4/5);
-chive and pork dumplings (3/5); 
-vegetable dumplings (4/5); 
-chicken dumplings (4/5);
-soup dumplings (3/5); wonton soup (5/5 - the won tons have a silkier texture than the norm, hence they are amaze balls); and spring rolls (4/5 - standard). 
The second time I ordered from here, we decided to branch out of the dumplings and give the dan dan noodles a shot. The Dan Dan noodles were good and definitely comparable to Han's. I'd give I-Green's Dan Dan Noodles a 4/5, whereas Han Dynasty is a 5. I-Green's has more pork than Han's but less chili oil, so overall a bit less flavor but still in the qualifying category. The General Tso's was good. Flavorful and tender.
Overall, I really liked it and will definitely order again soon.Randomly walked in this place for a late lunch during a business trip. Quite good. Fried buns have interesting stuffing: meat and mushroom and bamboo shoots. Very tasting. The soup with the noodles is great. The complimentary house made pickled bok choy is addictive and goes well with the noodles. I had a lot.It was really hot outside so we stopped in to grab some froyo.  I tried the mango topped with strawberries and banana slices (I was in a fruity mood), and really really liked the smooth, creamy yet simultaneously refreshing taste.  It was very good.  Just try it.  In a way, it kinda reminded me of a well-mixed mango gelatin but creamier.  I'm still a Pinkberry and Berryline devotee but this is a very solid and tasty alternative that is much closer to home.  I would put it on the same grade as Red Mango...but with fewer topping varieties.
They also have a wide range of vegan dishes from sushi to burgers, some of which sounded pretty interesting, like the vegan dragon roll.  I tried a piece of the vegan spicy tuna roll and it was certainly interesting although it didn't really taste like a spicy tuna roll/  It may be a good option for vegans, though.  Taste-wise, I still prefer the real deal but your mileage may vary and I do like that they are really trying to cater to the vegan lifestyle, and thus promoting healthier dining options.
It's a newly opened store so I expect that they will be fine-tuning things but so far it's off to a good start.I've been staring down this place ever since it opened, but I never got the chance to actually go in and try something because I was always in a rush to work. However, today, I finally got to taste it. My friend and I purposely came from college touring just to try out this new place. 
When you walk in, the decor is superbly put together. The theme, as stated in the name, is green. All the walls are painted green. The tables are white, but the chairs are what gives this place a pop. they have highlighter colored chairs. On each table, they put down board games such as Chinese Checkers. Another plus was that this place offers free Wi-Fi. 
The employees were really friendly. As my friend and I were circling around, wondering what California Tart tastes like, an employee asked us if there was anything he could help us with. Instantly, he knew we wanted to try a sample of the California Tart flavor, so he took a sample cup and put some in. Turns out, the tart flavor was the original flavor that you'd get at Yogurino's. 
I was a bit saddened that they did not offer more toppings such as mango popping bubbles, but the toppings were still very good. They have two sections, one which is just flat out all fruits, and the other which have other toppings such as mochi or chocolate covered pretzels. 
When I was paying for my cup, the girl behind the counter offered me a 10% off coupon for my next visit. I thought this was a very nice tactic to attract returning customers. 
As we were walking out the kitchen if you will call it, the male employee who helped us with the sample yelled to us "thank you!" I thought this was a really nice gesture. This place will definitely be seeing my face again.We came a long way here and the owner forgot to bring two dishes in our takeout, but he DID NOT show any apology for their mistake!!!!!!!! Like he intend to do this!!!!!! Then he told us it is just sold out which we ordered forty minutes ago!!!!!!!! What a terrible excuse! We'll never go to this place again! And dear all~make sure your takeout have everything inside.My favorite frozen yogurt places will always be Pinkberry and Yogurtland. They definitely have the best quality froyo, but as far as a Philly spot, this and Phileo on South St. are the best in Philadelphia. This place just opened, and I'm glad that it did. Their yogurt tartness and consistency is just right, not watery like places such as Sweet Ending in Rittenhouse! They also have an awesome array of toppings, from lychee to good mochi, and things that many other froyo places don't normally have. In addition, they also sell asian snacks, drinks, etc. in here! Give it a try!I'm giving this place 5 stars.....because 4 1/2 is not an option.  because despite living in center city, good Chinese delivery is sort of hard to find. We had two different dumplings: both yummy, a noodle soup: deliciousness, general tso's chicken: really great!
But I really want to say that the spring rolls were amazing. Sort of a cross between a Thai spring roll and a Chinese spring roll (but without the over powering Chinese 5 spice). So good! 
Fast, hot, and pretty inexpensive for the amount we got (enough for 3 with left overs). 
The half star is for the scallion pancake which were just ok. 
I adore the Chinese delivery guys on their bicycles, too. 
If you are hungry just ignore the reviews that are yogurt and bubble tea specific and get some Chinese delivery.Cute little combination Froyo place and chinese/japanese restaurant. The restaurant part is on a separate side from the froyo.
Green tea frozen yogurt = to die for.I ordered a whole bunch of food from this place to give it a shot 90 minutes ago, am still waiting for the delivery, and that's after calling 20 minutes ago to check on the status, when I was told by a completely disinterested person on the phone that the "driver is on his way."  When I asked whether the food was still fresh, or if it had been out with the driver for a while (and therefore not fresh), she repeated, "the driver is on his way" and hung up.  Infuriating.  More infuriating that I pre-paid, including a tip.  I will go out of my way to recommend against this piece of crap restaurant.
Update - it arrived and 2 out of the 6 things we ordered were meh.  The other 4 dishes were disgusting.  There is a serious dearth of good noodle/dim sum delivery options in this town.All I have to really say is Chinese people should never attempt to do froyo again. Ultimate fail and disgusting. Oh yeah, they also serve food.. Images look good but the actual food is absolutely gross. Curry chicken - sweet, watery, what kind of curry mix do you use? Cause it definitely isn't even close to authentic yet even Americanized. Beef noodle soup - my instant noodles that I "microwave" tastes better. Toppings for froyo - please add things that actually look "somewhat" appetizing.. Your dried up fruits and stale cereal bits aren't working out for you. Folks, there's a yogorino a few blocks away stop being lazy and walk the extra few blocks.- When I came in, with three other people, 2 of us were looking at the menu, other 2 were asking about restroom,  guy asked us if we gonna buy anything because bathroom is just for customers. 
- It was just a beginning, when we bought some yogurt, smoothie, and a bubble tea, I  took 4 straws, and the guy started to tell me that I need just one. I said that nobody in the group tried bubble tea, so each of us needs a straw. He said same to the person who took two straws for smoothie. IT WAS CRAZY!!! I have never seen so bad service... How much straw can cost to worry about it so much!!!
- I liked food we got there, and the place is nice, I would come back again, and it was my second visit, but I WILL NOT COME BACK because of the embarrassing comments made to us.I live on the same block as iGreen and am excited they're here. The froyo is good--try the mint and the watermelon sorbet. Delish! I also like that they have fresh fruit toppings, including dragon fruit and whole lychee, which is more than sweet endings. 
I haven't tried their veggie food yet, but the owner talked to us about it for a while and seems really committed to fresh, healthy ingredients. I'm sure I'll be back to try it.Very good!!!! The waiter is very kind and it is cheap!!! The owner give us frozen yogurt for free~ so good!My daughter's favorite thing to do is go to China Town and get noodles (and yes, she's only 7!) We had to go to REading Terminal, and parked right by this place. Any restaurant with hand drawn noodles and dumplings  and I'm in! We got takeout around 12:30 in the afternoon. I only add the exact time as to tell you when NOT to go. The man at the cashier did warn me that it would be about 40 miutes for my food due to being busy, so big points for him. we decided to stay the course. and man am I glad we did. We had an order of shrimp and chicken dumplings, a few crispy spring rolls and beef lo mein. the dumplings were great, filled just right with the right texture on the dumplings. the spring rolls were average, nothing to write home about but good. the noodles were AWESOME! YOu could instantly get that "breath of the dragon" taste you expect from wok tossed noodles. the dish was full of very tender beef, green onions, cabbage and perfect noodles. I'll for sure go back, specifically for that lo mein!** VEGANS AND VEGETARIANS BEWARE **
I stopped in here after a show at the Troc on a Friday evening and ordered vegan chicken and broccoli. I had taken a few bites when I realised, horrified, that I had been served real chicken.
To their credit they gave me my money back when I yelled loud enough.
Vegans:beware. That's all I'm going to say :(Okay, so Chinatown finally gets a Froyo place. I am excited  that it is a hop skip and jump from where I live and they offer vegetarian/vegan food. 
Froyo - They have enough flavor options and tasted pretty good, but they could definitely benefit from a better selection of toppings. 
Food - Tried a couple of dishes from them (general tso's chicken and some beef dish) and a couple of sushi rolls. The wait for the food was longer than normal, but I attribute that to them being new and not having enough traffic. The food was fresh and tasted good. 
I will be going there again to try other food options and off course frozen yogurt.There are reasons why a restaurant you walk into, would be empty.. It's too early.. Its about to close... Food sucks... Which of course, mines was choice #3...
First off, we only ordered three things... Why did i have to wait nearly 30mins for the other two dishes to come out... WHEN OUR TABLE WAS THE ONLY TABLE?????? When my dish was FINALLY done., i saw a waiter bring it out... sat it on the counter.. poked at it a few times.. Why?? For the other dude BEHIND the counter to take pictures!!! Are you friggin kidding me here!!!! That's ridiculous! My double cook pork..speechless. I counted 5 1/2pieces of pork... the rice was cold... I waited 30mins for cold rice... Great.. Just great...