Fuji mountain bubble tea was like a tasty milkshake!!!Love the Wonton soup!! Very nice in the inside. I would totally eat here but so far have only got take out.I have really bad luck when it comes to picking a restaurant through GrubHub. 
I ordered the chicken pad Thai two days ago, along with an eggroll and a black tea. 
Although the eggroll and the tea were delicious, the pad Thai was probably the worst I ever had. I can't pinpoint was I didn't like aside from the huge chunks of red onions (never noticed those in other pad Thais) and just an off-taste.
I won't be ordering from them again, and I'm starting to worry about GrubHub because this was the highest rated Chinese food place.... I dread to think was the lowest rated would have been like....Currently chewing down some delicious shrimp pad Thai noodles. Totally awesome very flavorful. I order from them twice or sometimes three times a week, each time they left me with satisfaction. Great addition to the fair mount neighborhood. Love their bubble tea too.Really good Chinese and very reasonable delivery - best I've found so far in Philly. Definitely seems to have a garlic twist to some dishes but really good!I ordered the summer love drink and it tasted pretty diluted. The decor, however, was great. I also wanted a kabob but was told it would take 15 minutes to make which is a bit too long.Great food & cant beat the prices. Especially if you get their lunch specials. Fave is the braised beef noodle soup with udon noodles! 
Bubble tea is also delicious. Lots of flavors and a variety of bubbles. Its my go to for bubble tea in the area.Good for your typical fast food Chinese food. They are quick and quality food. They even offer great lunch specials that come with a soup and salad.I've ordered from this place at least 3 separate times and it's been clearly hit or miss every time. My co-workers order delivery from this place which is the only reason for my repeat orders.
Their bubble tea is good, no complaints on that. Delivery is always fast, and friendly. 
When the food is good, it's nothing amazing to write home about. I enjoyed the shiitake mushroom and chicken noodle soup I ordered when I was sick.
I also ordered the fishball noodle soup one time - - which unfortunately came in a beef broth which I found kind of odd. 
Today I tried the dan dan noodles, which were perfectly spicy. But outside of spice, it was so bland. It had some sweetness to it, but no salt/savory flavor. The shrimp shumai was also pretty disappointing. For $4.50 you can expect 6 tiny bite sized pieces, which were also not impressive and quite bland. They for sure don't taste home-made I wonder if they're frozen because they taste exactly the same and look the same as the ones I purchase in Suburban Station. 
Unfortunately the hit or miss food experiences will probably hinder me from ever ordering anything outside of bubble tea from them again.Quick delivery. Excellent veggie lo mien.  They actually granted my request and made it spicy. The kimchi was not so great - hard to chew.I have a nasty cold, and wanted some hot soup to fix it!  I Tea is super close to my job, and you can order directly from their website.  Very clean and relaxed environment in the restaurant as well.
I ordered the duck and pork soup with rice noodles.  Delicious, and would definitely order again.  Well priced for the generous portion.  Excited to try the teas next time!I ordered delivery from here, which was awesome because I didn't know such a place would deliver.
I ordered their soy garlic chicken wings and a jasmine milk tea. Their delivery timing was just as estimated, which is a plus. The chicken wings came with the sauce on the side, which I appreciated since it saved the wings from getting soggy by the time it got delivered. The chicken wings were good even without the sauce. The soy garlic sauce was pretty flavorful. It wasn't great, but it was good. I really liked their jasmine milk tea though. Perfect jasmine flavor and the right amount of tea. The bubbles were not chewy enough however, so that was a downside. The food is good but not great but I'm willing to order from here again! Cheap and fast delivery.The soy-garlic wings are phenomenal. The delivery people are consistently rude however. They never deliver to my front door, yet are visibly upset when I do not tip them. Here's a tip: it's called delivery...Hidden Gem right on Spring Garden- great Szechuan beef. Eat in or take out. Prices are unbelievably worth it!Highly recommend  the chili oil wontons if you like spicy food like me. And of course you have to get bubble tea with your food. All flavors are great. Personally i prefer strawberry. People working there were nice and great service. Definitely  coming back soon. Although it's weird they sell phone cases there.service was fast and super friendly. I enjoyed the summer love tea specialty, it was refreshing and not overly sweet. I can't wait to go back and try some food :pBubble tea is really good and boba is great as well. Can't wait to try their food - from the looks of what other people were eating it looked delicious. Service was friendly and there were a lot of different combinations for bubble tea and smoothies.So happy to have finally found great Chinese food in the area.  Soup was extremely flavorful with delicate wontons (my favorite).  I ordered the beef with mixed vegetables and unlike other places that load it up with broccoli, it had a great mix of different veggies in a great sauce.
A definite must try!Their fried wings are sooooooo good. Super crunchy but juicy on the inside . The soy garlic sauce on the side to dip them in are so yummy. Try itI ordered a beef and shrimp lo mein & the delivery was fast! I will definitely be ordering from here again!Not much that hasn't been covered in other reviews. Delicious food, good service and reasonable prices. Being around the corner from my place is just a bonus! I ordered the soy ginger wings, shumai and an egg roll. All delicious. The soy ginger sauce comes on the side and you can request the spice level. The wings were crispy and delicious and A LOT of food. Sure, they're not quite as good as the fried chicken I had in Seoul, but it's pretty damn close. Will definitely be ordering from here more often.AWESOME wings - double fried and crunchy, and the korean wing sauce is amazing....and probably the best wonton soup I've ever had. The wontons are  handmade, and you can definitely tell! The service is great too, they were quick, and they didn't have an item I ordered but quickly offered to replace it with something similar which I appreciated. I will definitely be ordering from here again!Got take out from here! It was wonderful! My boyfriend got the seafood sensation I believe it was called and he absolutely loved it! I got a beef dish with lots of veggies! Tasted wonderful! Great size portions and had enough for lunch the next day too! Cannot wait to try another dish on the menu!Love the bubble tea here! The people are super nice and I like the decor, complete with crazy blue lighting. Big fan of this place. :)Dan dan noodles are wonderfully spicy and Korean fried chicken is crispy and delicious. This place cares about the food they serve, even if it is primarily a take out spot. Really glad to have this addition in the neighborhood.Tried I Tea while housesitting in the neighborhood, and now I'm back. Remembered it as being excellent, so ordering again and looking forward to a great night in, as I'm having it delivered.
The Best Wonton Soup in the city! They are so light and delicious and feel as if handmade... No doughy, gummy wontons here.I've only had the Korean fried chicken, but I don't think it was korean style. It wasn't double fried like other places.Best Chinese in the area:)
Korean BBQ wings are as good as the ones in K-town in LA :D
Boba is great!
The egg rolls are fresh! 
 We are happy & stuffed :DEver so surely falling in love with this place. Not your average inner city Take Out place. They offer great tasting food in an awesome atmosphere. 
I ordered the Shrimp and Brocolli with a Strawberry Popping Bubble. It was delicious! I come here regularly justfor the Bubble Teas, which are A-Freaking-Mazing! Ultimate goal is to try all the flavors. 
The food was flavorful and fresh. And the staff is kind and polite. There are a few things on the menu that I would love to try, so this review maybe updated.What happened? It's been quite a few months since ordering food from I Tea. It was so good then. Yesterday, most of the food went in the trash. Rice is drowned in oil and it was plain white rice! Didn't care for the oily taste. Is anything actually wok cooked? The broccoli is most certainly steam cooked then assembled with sauce and protein. Skillet meal Chinese? I can do that at home. The most disappointing was the Korean Fried Chicken. This was cooked yesterday. Tasted no different than reheated KFC. Crunchy but kinda chewy and dry chicken. Who hasn't eaten next day fried chicken? It has it's place in the world but was I wrong to want fresh fried chicken? Half of it wasn't like warmed all the way through, either. If you want exceptional Chinese food go to Sang Kee. This place might as well just do bubble teas.Love this place! I come here once a week with my fiancé and we love the food. The staff is extremely friendly and the food they make is amazing! I usually get the pepper beef with mixed vegetables and it's always so delicious. Such a wonderful experience.The food was excellent and the best part is that the food does not have too much salt.  The food was also prepared thoroughly and they take pride in their food.  However the delivery is a little slow but the good side is that the prices are fairly decent especially my first time ordering.One of my go-to's for lunch. Their chili oil dumplings and soy garlic chicken wings are awesomeBest Chinese food outside of Chinatown. My favorite egg rolls and fried rice dishes in the city. Good, fast service and they offer both take-out as well as delivery. Decent prices and a great go-to for Chinese takeout.Consistently good food, and quick delivery. Great value for the price.Great little Bubble Tea and Chinese food eatery right on Spring Garden st. 
This place is a quiet and small casual cafe style restaurant but is very clean, quick, and most importantly delicious.
Today I ordered the Passion Fruit bubble tea and the house fried rice. The house fried rice is loaded with pork, chicken, and shrimp. It is of high quality and great taste, none of that fake red cubed pork, but a real cut and they do not skimp.
Highly recommend checking this place out for a quick and yummy lunch!Got some chili sauce on my hand at some point. Proceeded to rub my nose. Queue terrible burning. Typing this with tears in my eyes and a runny nose. 10/10 would get againRight across from CCP's campus but was empty on a Thursday night which was a good thing for us.
My friend really wanted Curry Fish Balls but our usual place was closed so we Yelped and found this place.
We were excited to see Funnel Cake on the menu but I was disappointed because it was made to be the thin and hard kind and I like the soft and fluffy kind - my friend enjoyed it though.
However, she did not like the curry fish balls. They came out tiny and looked like it was a bit of curry powder sprinked on top. Not worth it.
There is Jenga for you to play with but don't freak out when it falls over like a did because the place echoed.Great, fast service!  My office is nearby and freezing and I wanted some soup for my late lunch and to warm up.  I ventured on Spring Garden and stumbled upon I-Tea.  I ordered the braised beef noodle soup and asked what type of noodle they would recommend.  The young lady at the counter recommended the ramen noodles and the gentleman making tea recommended the udon noodles.  I went with udon noodles based on previous Yelp reviews.  Wasn't disappointed!  Very flavorful and fresh!! I'll definitely visit again and try something new! As I waited for my carry out soup I smelled some of the dishes others ordered so I'll definitely be back! 
Just and FYI if you use your credit card on a charge less than $10 there's a $0.50 charge.Cute little spot. Bubble tea is off the chain and the lunch special is always on point (and it is not restricted to weekdays)Great place delivery takes a bit and they just brought me the wrong tea  but the food is so good I don't careThis place is so great!  I have been living a block away from it for over a year and never went in. I decided to one night about a month ago and I've gone back three times since! The bubble teas are perfect and the food is great too! There is jenga at every table which is cool. The service is great too. I recommend that you try it!Really good take out Chinese spot in the fairmount area. Quick service, food is pretty tasty. I love the chili oil wontons, so good. I usually get broccoli and garlic sauce as well. It's a bit on the sweeter side but it's still really good.Quick. Delicious and right by my work. I love that I can order online and go pick it up.At first glance, the I-Tea signage may throw you off a bit. Is this a tea cafe, a Internet cafe or much more than that? Plus their location in a non-discreet row house retail space doesn't jump out at you either. I've only came upon this place when I walked out of the dirty Chinese take out place a few houses down on the same block and needed an alternative.
I could tell you Chinese food is a staple of my existence; and this place is your above average Chinese food that is well made; and may I go as far as saying it might be a little better than some "authentic" places in the city.
The menu is diverse, from true ethnic dishes to dishes inspired to please the American palette to Korean fried chicken; and yes even bubble teas. 
I find many Chinese food in this city just not that great, including the ones every so call food critic(s) in the city raves about. Many tend to do too much to dishes that are authentically simple and clean to the palette. For that reason, I-Tea is not a fancy place and it's not going to blow your expectation away, and that's ok. It's a simple place with good Chinese food. That's all I ask for.There was an inch long bone (1/4 inch wide) shard in my general tsos chicken. This business either isn't using good quality meat or isn't taking the time to prepare their food carefully. I am a believer in second chances but this was my third time ordering from here and the food was only average the first two times I tried it. I really hate to be negative towards a local neighborhood business because I am rooting for their success but we deserve better than massive hidden bone shards. Please chew slowly or order carefully my friends!!!Great food, flavorful and tasty. This is not your typical Chinese takeout fare, their menu has a variety of Asian cuisines.  Service is always friendly and the restaurant is bright and clean. Their bubble tea is also very good.  I have ordered from them several times since they opened and have been happy each time.One of my favorite lunch spots across from my job. They have a great selection of smoothies and bubble tea as well as diet dishes. Very cute, modern tech decor with comfy seating. 
My only negative comments are that they charge convenience fee for card services under $10, and during the lunch rush, service can get pretty busy.This is my favorite Chinese place in the area. Their food is fresh and not greasy, and I love all of the custom teas. My favorite dishes here are the Mongolian beef and the tofu with vegetables. The only negative is their soups. I am very picky when it comes to hot and sour and this one is not my favorite (although I ordered it today).  For the teas: I highly recommend the green tea with passion fruit and pineapple jelly.The food here is great!!  The bubble tea and specialty teas are amazing as well.  
I like the grilled chicken over rice and the don don noodles.Usually with SO many choices on the menu, some genre of food ends up suffering. I have had a variety of choices from the menu, some were great (wonton in chicken broth, black pepper mei fun), some were acceptable (dan dan noodles, hot and sour soup) with others being underwhelming (steamed chicken with vegetables). That being said in the area, it's my "go to" Chinese restaurant. Part of their menu mirrors that of han dynasty, which, is amazing. They do a halfway decent job of mimicking them (adjusted expectations of course). 
I tend to order take out/delivery on sundays, and unfortunately they are closed, otherwise I would have probably tried a significantly larger variety of their menu. Worth trying if you're on the fence.I ordered delivery from I Tea for the first time last evening.  My GF and I wanted to try a new place, and the I Tea menu has an eclectic variety of Asian selections spanning Japanese, Korean, Thai, Chinese, and some fusion items that cross cultures.  I had high hopes for the place, since the menu was interesting and diverse, and they deliver.  
We ordered a variety of options to see what the restaurant had to offer:  chicken and mushroom soup and the pork soup, both with rice noodles, fried fish balls, shrimp kabobs and beef kabobs, mango shrimp appetizer, shrimp rolls, and korokke which is a potato and beef croquette.  
The appetizer items were pretty good; the mango shrimp was simple, but had a nice breading and a sweet mango mayo-bases dipping sauce; a little overprice for the portion, but not horribly.  The Korokke was just OK, but since it's the first time I've had it, I can't compare to anything else.  The shrimp rolls were fine, nothing special, and the fried fish balls were again...what you'd expect.  The beef on the kabob was very dry and overcooked; the shrimp were on the small side, but they were spiced nicely with curry/cumin and I enjoyed them.  The two soups we ordered were very poor; the flavor was just not very good, they were excessively oily in my opinion, and the rice noodles were congealed/very overcooked.  We ended up eating the noodles in chunks, rather than strands, since they were clumped together.  
Overall, there were some things I enjoyed, but the soups were a huge disappointment and can't hold a candle to a good Vietnamese or Chinese restaurant offering something similar.  I might go back one more time to try some of the entree dishes and see if they're any better, but thus far my opinion averages to the negative.I've been here 3x and each was a solid experience. They are true to their ratings by other patrons because the food is good, prices reasonable and staff friendly. 
I just want to highlight that I had ordered yakiudon, the transaction was complete and then I changed my mind Bc I saw that soups can be done with udon noodles and asked the cashier to change the order. He gave me no fuss, told the cooks the new order and promptly got my change (difference in food price). I appreciated it as other places might snarl or get annoyed at this. 
Overall, I-tea is a go to place for me !Awesome bubble tea place I haven't tried any thing other then their bubble tea.  The bubble tea though is really fresh and tastes absolutely amazing.  I had the almond bubble tea which is the best I think.  I have also had the jasmine green bubble tea because the guy recommended it when I said I wanted to try something different and it was absolutely awesome.  What I like about this place as well is that they sell phone cases weird but I think it's kind of cool.  They also have little games at all of the tables for you to play with while you are waiting for your meal or drink or while you are eating if you would like.Love this place. I've been here multiple times, they offer great varieties of food. So far, I've tried the pad thai, Singapore rice noodle, shanghai stir fried noodle, chicken garlic sauce, kimchi fried rice, dan dan noodle and so much more. Almost everything on the menu:) Seriously, not one thing I don't like. This is how good they are. The staffs are very friendly and helpful. Which is another great plus. The only down side is this place gets busy during lunch time so the food would take approximately 15-20 minutes. But it's totally worth the wait. They also offer general tso chicken which is not on the menu, oh man, so delicious. THE BEST I've ever tried. Highly recommend this place.fantastic place to chill and have work lunch. It's kinda slow for dine-in, but you always can order in advance and do pick up or delivery! I love bubble tea there!the dan dan noodles were tasty and the taro milk tea is as good as you'd get in chinatown... 
pad thai is better elsewhere, but i'm excited to try out some of the other chinese dishes...
Note that this is a take out only or delivery joint...My go-to Chinese delivery. But I think it's more fusion. Viet influences for sure. The pork chops & broken rice (or the chicken or the other meat choices) delish. Sautéed spicy cabbage. Yes. Dumplings, yes yes. Beef noodle soup (that I wanted to pretend was Phô) let down, don't bother. I live in Fairmount & it's the best u can get around here for delivery or otherwise. Fast & fresh & great prices.I haven't had their Tea yet, but as far as quick and delicious takeout goes, this place gets four stars from me.
I ordered some takeout standards, Beef with broccoli and Hot and Sour soup, and both were among the best I've had from takeout in Philly. 
The food is quite satisfying and tastes more "homemade" than most Chinese takeout restaurants.
Inside, the place is clean and smart looking. It smells good too! I definitely recommend I Tea.I tea has been a favorite after school destination for my friends and I since middle school. The service is great and the food is better. I highly recommend the shumai and the Thai bubble tea but everything is delicious!Vegetarian reviewer here. Obsessed with their bubble tea, especially the mango popping bubble. Service can be slow depending on how busy they are, but the quality is great and makes up for it. Their pad thai is surprisingly incredible, considering they aren't a thai restaurant. Everything I have ordered here hasn't disappointed, definitely recommend checking this place out.When I tell you I'm addicted to this place I mean it! Such a chill hipster atmosphere with amazing food and drink options! The people who give this place less than five stars obviously haven't had the tempura vegetables, I Tea fried chicken, or the bubble teas! I recommend this place to anyone foodie who likes their food with a ton of flavor and also a large menu. I go at least twice a week. Drinks I recommend are Fuji Mountain, Mango Green Tea (w/ pineapple jelly), Taro & Black Bubble tea.Today I had the pleasure of ordering takeout from this establishment for lunch. The food was delicious!!! The staff were uber friendly and the food quality is definitely worth another visit. I ordered soy garlic wings, potato wedges, vegetable fried rice, and summer tea. This place is way better than Long River that's two doors down. So if you're in the neighborhood and interested in Asian fusion, give this place a try.I am a student from CCP, this is the 'must go' place during my lunch time. I usually order a bubble tea along with some noodles. I would not say this is the best bubble tea, but this definitely is the best around the area (including Chinatown's). I also like their idea of adding all different types of noodles and delicious dishes from time to time; it gives me more choices everytime. I believe the Pad Thai is their latest item. This particular noodle dish is everywhere in Philly now; from my numberous times of having Pad Thai in different restaurants, I would say their taste were about the same. Last Friday, I have given this Shrimp Thai Pad a try; somehow, I found it was different from other places. Yes, they put fish sauce in there! And yes, Asian people like fish sauce! Anyway, I appreciate I Tea's constant great hospitality, and I believe in their continuous improvement.I ordered the wonton soup, the broth was very flavorful. The wontons were thinner than i like, but overall all good and plentiful. To meet the delivery minimum I also ordered veggie fried rice, which was bland but has a ton of veggies in it. But the joy of it all were the Korean fried chicken wings, so crunchy and moist. Overall I am surprised at the overall quality of the food, will definitely order again!I am a fan of both the roast pork soup and the chicken shiitake mushroom soup. The broth is flavorful and the ingredients are fresh. While you can find better noodle soups in Chinatown, this is probably the best in Fairmount. 
Oh, and their kimchi is no joke. Thanks, I Tea!My review is only about the bubble tea.
I have been here for a black milk bubble tea several times and it's excellent. I have been to so many places in search of a good bubble tea and FINALLY "I Tea" delivered. The tapioca is always fresh.I always order the Mongolian beef, spicy with jumbo shrimp.Love this place. In addition to amazing bubble tea, it's some of the best tea and food I've had in a while. I've ordered from here multiple times and have never been disappointed. The dumplings, though small, are full of flavor and their roast duck and chicken soup with udon noodles is to die for. 
I've been wanting to go back for one of the cute phone cases I always see in their store part. 
Also highly recommend the smoothies in general, extra tapioca because the extra part in the bottom is just so good. :} 
Will definitely be ordering here more. Love the atmosphere. I've already recommended it to multiple people and family members. It really is good.
Love the puzzles and Tic tac to on the tables too. Great for that Comfy first date when things can get a big awkward. Now u can fill the quiet with an awesome puzzle or simple game of tic tac to. Favorite second dish is definitely just the duck soup without chicken. Amazingly good broth.
Next up to try from here is the croquettes. They look absolutely delicious ^,^I never tried bubble tea before today was my first try. I liked it i did not love it. This has nothing to do with the way it was made. The woman making it did it an excellent job and also did an excellent job of explaining to me the various types of teas and which ones i should get. The place is clean and and the staff is helpful. Im going back tomorrow to try something off of their food menu. I will be back for a second review
If you like Bubble tea then you should definitley go here and get one. I gave mine to a coworker and she loved it.Love it here! Price are reasonable! Would recommend chili oil wonton! Shrimp shumai fried!This place by far has the best dandan noodle in the city. They really need to turn this menu into a full service sit down restaurant. They would give Han dynasty and Jane g's a run for their money.I  Tea consistently has good food. I have done both pick-up and delivery, and it's always on time. Think of it as elevated Asian take-out. The Mongolian Beef, House Fried Rice, Crab Rangoon, and General Tso's are some of our favorites. Good take out tempura. One of our go-tos. Great people and they have fun games to play while you wait to pick up or if dining in.I ordered the chicken w/ brocolli, wonton soup, steamed chicken w/ brocolli w white sauce and pad thai. This was what I considered the best to the ones i liked the least
Pad thai - I usually dont like pad thai but I really enjoyed this pad thai, my favorite dish very flavorful and a hint of being spicy 
Wonton soup - the broth was light & flavorful 
Chicken & brocolli - okay the sauce was watery wish it was thicker 
Steam chicken & brocolli w white sauce
- bland, prefer the regular one, white sauce tastes like a thick wonton soup 
Delivery was on time and prices & portions were good, i had enough food to last me a week!!Not realizing they focus tea I ordered from here last night and was quite disappointed. The only vegetable in my vegetable Lo-mien was broccoli and my 6 dumplings came cold.
In the future I will go for the tea for sure.I've had really good Chinese, this place beats everything I've tasted in the Philadelphia area, yes I've been to Chinatown, Rittenhouse, etc. Don't be fooled by the quick bite atmosphere, cuz it's got 5 star taste. It's my go to spot whether I'm at work, school, or home. It's always fresh, great tasting, and they use quality ingredients. I can't order from anywhere else now.Walked in because I was passing by and was craving bubble tea. I ended up ordering a taro bubble tea and a boiled beef, both of which were very reasonably priced. The bubble tea was mediocre, not terrible, but also not great. The boiled beef was unexpectedly delicious given that this place is advertised as a bubble tea joint. Would definitely recommend this place for the food, although not necessarily for the bubble tea.This place was excellent. The chili wontons are the best and the delivery was quick.
Thanks for being a dependable establishment.Ordered delivery for lunch, not close enough to walk to from work. I got an almond bubble tea and shrimp and broccoli lunch special that came with rice and wonton soup. Food was very good and I absolutely loved the bubble tea. I only wish I worked closer so I could walk there and just get bubble tea. Delivery was through GrubHub and very fast. Ordered at 12 and got my food by 12:35.Tried I Tea while housesitting in the neighborhood, and now I'm back. Remembered it as being excellent, so ordering again and looking forward to a great night in, as I'm having it delivered.