We love this little cozy Italian Restaurant. It's on Main Street in Manayunk. We had the Bistecca and the Four Cheese Gnocchi, delicious.. nice wine section too. We will def. always recommend.Groupon helped me afford this place.
Baked eggplant was excellent but the steak failed badly. It was pretty much uncooked. Perhaps it could pass as rare but it was one hundred percent red and had the consistency of tuna tartare. I even asked for it well done. Aside from the terrible steak, the polenta on the side at least was great and I asked for a many a refill on bread to compensate for my loss. 
As far as other things go, the service was great, but the seating was a bit cramped. Avoid getting seated in the middle tables as you will pretty much have no privacy.I ate at Il Tartufo last night and was blown away. I had the Pollo Romano and the Mozzarella appetizer, and loved both dishes. Service was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant. I definitely recommend this restaurant.I honestly love this place. Their food has always been on point. Served hot and ready. Their pasta is delicious. Our server was the biggest sweetheart. I don't see how it could be hated. All of the vegetables and cheese that was served was amazingly fresh. If I could give this place more stars I would.$94 for the worst Italian I've ever had.  The place is empty for a reason.  Calamari was chewy, seafood dish was chewy, veal was sub optimal.  Best part was the wine.  Find another place on Main Street.Purchased a Groupon and thought we would try this place out. The fact that the place has always looked deserted whenever I've passed by should have been my first clue, but we tried it anyway. 
The dining room is small and cramped with back to back tables, very uncomfortable. We had to wait 45 minutes for appetizers while people around us (who had been seated 20 minutes after us) were finishing theirs already. Someone finally came with the appetizer but it turned out to be wrong or for another table and we had to wait even longer. 
Once our entrees arrived we were starving. My sister's lasagna was completely over-cooked and the pasta was hard and chewy. My brother in law ordered a veal dish which was also over cooked and extremely chewy. I had to wait for my chicken dish since they brought me the wrong entree on the first try, but once they got it right it was not very good. Had no flavor at all. My brother in law had to return his meal and ended up just leaving without eating dinner (not to mention he had to move our car since dinner had taken so long and our meter had run out). The manager (who was also our waitress) offered a weak apology after we expressed our dissatisfaction and offered to get us a comp glass of wine, but we were not interested. She did not return to the table.
My sister and I picked at our meals until we decided just to leave as well and go get frozen yogurt at Whirled Peace (which is awesome!). We still had to wait another 10 minutes until we could flag down someone to bring us our check, only to find that they overcharged us on bottled water. 
All in all, we will not be back! The food is not good, the service is awful and the atmosphere poor.I revisited il Tartufo after having had a bad experience a few years ago.(The incredibly rude hostess gave away our reserved table to the couple in front of us who did not have a reservation. We were told we'd have to wait half an hour, so we left). 
I was recently taken to il Tartufo somewhat against my will, and, despite my intention to hate the place, I had a very enjoyable evening. I ordered the veal tartufo and my friend ordered the mushroom veal. We shared the seafood medley as an appetizer. All three dishes were exceptional. The spinach side was a bit over-spiced, but it did not diminish the overall dining experience. The waiter could not have been more gracious and the food came out at a perfect pace. Unfortunately they were out of my favorite dessert, cheesecake, but I enjoyed the chocolate tartufo equally well. (as you can see, they like to name things "tartufo" here). Prices were very reasonable for the quality. 19 for each main and 12 for the large shared starter. Probably the biggest complaint about il tartufo, and we heard this from other diners as well, is that they do not take credit cards. I mean, c'mon. Yes, there is a premium restaurants pay to the card companies for the privilege of accepting plastic. But an establishment just loses a bit of its professional image in my opinion when it refuses to accept the state of nature and play along with the credit card companies.Friendly service.  Relaxing atmosphere.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.  Sad beer list.
We had the Jewish artichoke appetizer.  I don't know what makes them Jewish, but they were damn good.  Hope to try to recreate them at home, but instead will likely come here often to eat them.
Tomato sauces were delicious, though super salty, which I happen to love, others may not.  Green olives were fresh.  Pasta nice and toothy.  Chicken pounded thin. Arugula salad well dressed and fresh.  Over all a really good meal.  We will be back again.The good:
Huge portions, good service, reasonably priced bottles of wine
The bad:
Only accepts cash (get with the times...)
Small wine list
Extremely salty and garlicky food.
I live in the neighborhood and had visited this place for the first time in about 5 years.  I remember it being really awesome and worth having to make a trip to the ATM prior to the visit.  However, I was disappointed with the food this time.  If spending a day on Main Street, I see this as good place to people watch from a sidewalk or window table.    I do not plan to go back, there are too many better places out there.After living in Manayunk for almost two years, I can't believe this was the first time we ate at Il Tartufo, it was great!  Wine was delicious and very reasonably priced, the Mozzarella Il Tartufo appetizer was great and so were our entrees, the Pollo E Salsiccia Balsamico and the Involtini Di Pollo.  We will be going back again and again- one of the best places on Main St!About me. Travel a lot and eat out 3-5 days a week for last 20 years. I am particular but realistic as well. 
Well my expectations may have been off, but I expected a manayunk Italian restaurant to have at least middle of the road standards. First trip was to bathroom; absolutely awful smell and below average standards. This place has 3 $ signs. 
We ordered the artichokes and the home made mozzarella apps. Artichokes were deep fried apparently right from jar, with oil and vinegar. The mozzarella was dry and with same oil and vinegar. As if this is their way of calling it Italian. Both were horrible. Very disappointing. 
The entree; very small portion for the price. My son ordered the chicken stuffed with cheese and Parma ham, as described in menu. Came out with brown sauce on top and mushrooms. We advised that my son does no eat mushrooms and we did not see on menu, response was the chef likes to put mushrooms on everything.  
Service was pleasant. Wine list extremely limited, like at a diner. They had two premium wines by glass, warm and disappointing to say least. 
One of the worst meals for the money I have ever had near philly area.This place was great!! I loved my meal which was a New York Strip Steak and my  girlfriend loved her Veal as well. The wine gets a little pricey if you like to get a couple drinks during your meal but the atmosphere is elegant and the service was excellent. This place offered a great Groupon awhile ago so keep your eyes peeled it's definitely a must buy.So, what possible place could make a Seattle transplant venture into Manayunk with his muse in 19 Degree whether? It was to take a chance on a new experience and I have to say, was probably the best gamble I ever took. 
First and foremost, cash is king at this restaurant and reservations are a must on the weekend so put that Open Table app to work. Second, this isn't your Olive Garden, restaurant chain Italian, this is the real deal. Rich and thick sauces, generous portions, desert to kill and take hostages for and a nice wine selection. Go here with your stomach empty and your palette ready for a tour de force. 
Great think about this restaurant was our servers, Elise (our man waitress and manager) and her assistant Monika both attended to us in making our date night a very special evening. By special I mean Elise's recommendations for dinner were right on the money (try the Vitello Monte Carlo and the Pesce Misto), assisted us with a little bit of Italian and suggested that amazing antipasto sampler for two. Don't skimp, you need that in your life. You have to ask for it because it's not on the menu. 
After dinner we had, as my girlfriend stated, true Tiramisu. And when it comes to sweets, I do not argue with her. Flat out, she confided in me that this was the best meal she's ever eaten. I couldn't say the same because I know my mother would some how appear from Seattle and strike me dead but I'd be hard pressed to find a rival to there cuisine. 
This is a total date night spot that would impress any lady and make you appear to have some culture. My only knock on this place is that it's a little too pricey not to accept credit cards but there's a cash machine in the back. Put this on your places to visit in Philly. We are definitely going back to see Elise and Monika very soon.There is literally nothing good to say about the dining experience at Tartufo. They served us stale bread, and gnocchi so over cooked it took the consistency of oatmeal. This is an awkward and sad place where you are almost guaranteed to dine alone. How do they stay in business? How does one fail at cooking Italian food when you only have one table to serve?This place should be a BYOB! The food was really good but the drinks were absolutely terrible.  We had the pear salad, mozzarella, veal, and gnocchi all of which was very delicious.  We also had a dirty martini, Manhattan (they were out of cherries), and a bottle of wine.. All of which were terrible.  The wine was bad, the drinks not made well.  The service felt rushed like they were told to get tables out quickly but then the one thing we waited for was the check.  The timing was bad and we felt rushed and yet we couldn't get someone to bring us the check.  It was fairly empty for a small place and I think if they were able to focus on their food and service that it would be much better and pepper could bring their own wine.  SHOULD BE A BYOB (but food was good )!we were enjoying our appetizers at table by the window, when our dinner was interrupted by the sight of several roaches crawling on the floor and wall by our table. we discretely notified our server who  responded, "sorry, there's nothing I can do about that" and then walked away. we decided to take our food and sit at an outside table. the restaurant owner was outside and we told him about the roaches. he responded "sorry, it's the time of year and we're working on it." that's it. Staff was rather dismissive and not concerned about the infestation. Nor were they concerned about their customers'  dining experience. obviously  this infestation is a problem at the restaurant. 
obviously we will never return here. 
no adjustment was made to check either.Appetizer sampler for two (as recommended) was ample enough for seven and was fantastic; salmon carpaccio, chickpea salad with red-onion relish and Jewish-style artichoke were all delicious complements.  My four-cheese gnocchi were remarkably pillowy.
I made reservations for through Open Table; I forgot to request a table that's not in the picture window or outside like a dining advertisement tableau.  It's no fault of the restaurant, but we actually would've enjoyed having the place mostly to ourselves on weeknight (approaching a holiday weekend, where everyone else is at the shore) in a more recessed seating area.A couple of years later, the original review stands.  Lovingly prepared food for $10 at lunch ?  You could barely get away with that at Five Guys !!  I can't imagine a better lunch bargain on the planet.A few of the yelp reviews Ive read said the food was salty and I said that's impossible my favorite pizza is anchovy but I ordered the fettucini in a white truffle sauce and wow!!!! it was like eating the ocean Ive never had "homemade pasta" that was chewy and the crust of the bread was hard the only good thing about the meal was that I came at lunch where all entrees are 9.95 so I didnt have to pay the regular price of 17 bucks!!! with food this lousy they should have a free lunch special there is no way that this meal was made by a cook with experience because it was chewy and salty and a good cook tastes the meal before it is servedA little late on writing this. Over the summer a few friends and I went to dinner at Il Tartufo. After ordering and getting our food, we discovered that there were cockroaches all over the floor. We brought this to our waiters attention and he dismissed it even though the cockroaches were visible to him. They comped us one espresso. No one enjoyed the experience and it was disgusting. The food was overpriced and we could not believe that we ended up paying so much for a meal no one enjoyed. Gross restaurant, poor service. Would never ever go back.Terrible. 
Terrible unattentive service
Food took so long
Food was incredibly salty, especially the arugula salad
Not recommended at allI was in Manayunk on a warmish evening in February with my husband, and the mood of the neighborhood was not bustling. We passed a number of restaurants and looked over menus, finally settling on Il Tartufo. 
We had a total of four servers serve us in a half-filled room. Our meal started with the hostess, followed by the waitress and the food-server, and finished with a bus boy to clear our foods away. Needless to say, the place has impeccable service. I don't have impeccable wine-choosing skills and I relied on our waitress to guide me to a glass of their Montepulciano which was quite nice and a good portion for $7.50. 
The bread at the tables was wonderful; it was real crusty Italian bread along with some salty flat breads. For an appetizer, I had the warm mozzarella which paired with the bread well. It wasn't the best mozzarella I'd ever had; I think I prefer it on the cold side. For my main meal, I ordered the gnocchi with red sauce. The portion was gigantic and I had enough left over for an entire second meal. The gnocchi was delicate and delightful and the red sauce was just right. This place does Italian well. Next time, I might skip the appetizer, and save my money and room in my stomach for a giant bowl of pasta.After reading the good reviews on here, I was excited to go to Il Tartufo (since I have a food blog and go places based on what I read).  In summary, the food was decent but OVERPRICED, with our own wine, 3 salads and 4 entrees it was $124.00 +tip. Not cheap, and prob wouldn't go back due to the terrible service.
To read more:
http://philly-phoodie.blogspot.com/2010/01/long-awaited-il-tartufo.htmlThough prices are not ridiculous for a dinner, the owner has had a policy of selling any entree on the menu for $9.95 at lunchtime.  It is cash only.
As it was a bit early for wine this A.M. (and I feel guilty paying $10.00 for a white-table cloth lunch where the owner is probably breaking even) my wife and I spit an app of Calamari Fritti for an extra ten spot.  Ice Teas were three bucks each, but happily refilled.  Fresh, warm crusty bread was quickly brought along with a nice olive oil / balsamic vinegar.
There were maybe three outdoor tables filled and one other couple came inside at dead noon ( a 66F November day.)  I'd have expected more foot traffic in Manayunk considering this weather, but the single server accommodated us all cheerfully, and we never felt rushed nor that we had to wait for anything.
The calamari were more than enough for two, and served with a homemade Marinara.  Though I would have preferred them a LITTLE more crispy, the breading was delicate, and light.
My wife had veal medallions with truffles in a cream-based sauce, and I had chicken and sausage in a velouté.  The chicken were roughly cut chunks of thigh (which were more moist and flavorful than the typical breast served with this kind of dish.)   The Italian sausage appeared as those little tiny hunks you usually find on pizza slices, but it was obviously a nice quality medium sausage.
Both dishes appeared PIPING hot from the kitchen accompanied by a trio of polenta (just a dab), zucchini lightly sauteed, with a hint of crispness flavored by tiny hunks of fresh roasted garlic.  Also, a few slices of thick but tender sweet carrots scented with a touch of fennel seed,
Portions were dinner-sized and neither of us could imagine dessert after cleaning our plates with the remainder of the bread.
Sauces were quite subtle (I could not detect the rosemary mentioned on the menu) but obviously lovingly prepared.
You really can't go wrong with a lunch here (and even at dinner, the same entrees top out at around $21 for NY Strip or Fish of the day.)
When you consider you could drop a lot more at the Olive Garden (or potentially KFC for a single lunch, this is kind of a no-brainer.)Pricey, Palatable, and Middle-Class Italian Restaurant.
Il Tartufo is wonderful! Its a pricey, but a great place to go with a date. Not so much with a group of people, maybe 3 or 4 at most. The food is prepared very well. The appetizer sampler gives a bit of everything, and tastes very good, and just enough for two people. Their dessert, and cappuccino is scrumptious! Each bit and sip must be taken slowly to savor every taste. I give it a 5 *!
The atmosphere is very quiet, and the service is good as well. Parking may be tough, but it is worth it.My wife and I had dinner here on a Saturday night recently.  I really enjoyed the homemade mozzarella.  The lasagna was good, although I thought it was going to have meat and vegetables only to find ricotta and mozz.  My wife enjoyed her snapper and the homemade dessert was delish!I originally thought this was a byo and brought wine. It's not. They kindly opened the wine anyway! I've been there multiple times. One unfortunate time te food took a really really long time to come out. I was gnawing my arm off. Portions are kind of small when you're that hungry.  I really enjoy the grilled calamari. If it comes out at a normal speed.Restaurant was empty except for two other parties around 7pm on a Thursday. We were concerned by the Chicken Breast stuffed with fontina cheese and prosciutto not being served with pasta or another substantial side but the waitress assured us it would be more than enough food.
Boy was that wrong. I have this say about the portions - they are enough to fill someone up before the point of being stuffed, yes. However to justify the prices (nearly all entrees being nearly $20) I would have liked larger portions. Add to that the fact that the lackluster manner in which the meals were plated and garnished failed to excite upon being brought to the table and you have a fairly mediocre experience all around.
Food was tasty but nothing special, portions didn't justify the prices, and the restaurant seemed lifeless and depressing.Went for lunch. We were the only diners, should've been my first sign.
Bread made a noise and broke when dropped two inches from bread plate.  Caesar salad was limp and heavily featured shaker "cheese". This was an $8 side salad, FYI.
Tomato sauce on par with Ragu. Seafood risotto was made with arborio rice but it wasn't risotto. Seafood was all previously frozen shellfish that were overcooked.
Don't go here.   Even the waiter looked embarrassed to work there.I was quite disappointed by this place. I had driven by this place many times and it looked like promising. Unfortunately, looks were deceiving. The service was less than favorable as we had to ask our server for her attention multiple times. We also had to wait an inordinately long time for our food [though another couple who sat at the same time as we did didn't have to way half as long]. And of course, there's the bill. Way over priced for the quality of the food. The latter seems to be a Manayunk standard except for a few exceptions.
Not recommend.You can't please everyone, however most of the very positive reviews here are spot on.. I dare you to try the antipasto.. The gnocchi is melt in your mouth. We have been here about 8 times and the food has always been to die for.. We were lucky enough to sit outside on a perfect evening to people, pet and auto watch.. The food and wine is so authentic that you do indeed feel like you are in Certaldo, Italy. Ask for the owner's Al & Denise, and if they are not too busy you will be glad you met them...I only came here during lunch where as some warn you, it is cash only. That said, I have come often to have the tasty linguine with clams with white wine sauce, with good bread and at a reasonable price.  The waitress, Elyse, is super friendly and expedient in getting my order.
With quality food at an affordable price, great service, I've become a regular here.Not sure why there are so many mixed reviews - this place is really good!  One chilly night after a particularly tough week at work, my husband and I walked around Manayunk looking for a more quiet, romantic date night spot.  We happened upon Il Tartufo - the menu looked yummy and the dimly lit, rustic ambiance we saw through the window drew us in.  A super friendly waiter presented a bowl of warm, crispy garlic breads to start off with, which were delicious!  I ordered the 4 cheese gnocchi, and my husband went for a veal dish with mushroom sauce - both of which were also very,very good!  Overall, we enjoyed our experience and will likely return.I went to Il Tartufo twice for dinner on two separate occasions and was simply not impressed. Having been born and raised in Italy I can at least vouch that the food quality is above the average Italian food you find in the United States. On both occasions however, the service was terrible. The restaurant was seemingly empty on both occasions and we waited 20 minutes for a waiter to come over to take our drink order. It took an additional 15 minutes for said drinks to arrive; we ordered water and a bottle of wine. Food orders were wrong both times we went (I ordered the Fettuccine al Tartufo and they brought me veal instead) it did come out promptly and they did rectify their mistake. Lastly, they were unable to split a bottle of wine on two separate checks. I'm so upset I gave this place a second chance, I really shouldn't have.This place was empty except for another table. They have a lunch special on all pasta dishes. The price comes down from like 20 bucks to 10. I had the truffles and cream pasta. It was a sizable portion for the price but I felt like it was missing something. It just seemed a teeny bit bland. I added some salt to my leftovers the next day and it tasted better to me. Still the environment was wonderful and the service was quick. Next time I'm going to have to come back and try something from the wine list. My friend got the seafood risotto and that was amazing. He cleaned his plate and I helped him. Between the bread they bring you to start and the pasta I'm not sure you'll have room for dessert, but the selections look yummy. I would suggest this place for an intimate time. It was definitely a cozy place.Eat HERE!!!!  The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable!!!  The food was delicious, rich, scrumptious, and amazing.  I split an appetizer that wasn't on the menu.  It was a combo of grilled veggies, mozzarella, olives, and pure goodness.  Then I had the veal and it was so phenomenal.  I tell everyone about this restaurant.  Perfect for first dates or people watching.  You MUST try it!!!Not bad! We had the steamed calmed and mussels for our appetizer. The clams were  fresh and the broth was a slightly zesty tomato broth. The mussels were a little fishy. 
For entrees we had the wild boar in homemade pasta and the pesce misto. 
Both were very good!
The boar was delicious and the fish medley was awesome. 
We went here using a groupon that my wife received for her birthday. Although I did enjoy the entree and the bread and our service was pretty good the menu just isn't my style and we probably  won't be going back.  It is worth a try if you have never been.Il tartufo is one of the best Italian restaurants I have found in Philadelphia. Though the menu can be expensive you can opt to visit during lunch hours instead when ALL entrees are $10 each. You can't beat that price for the food. I suggest trying the veal dishes; the meat, sauce and vegetables on the plate are incredibly delicious. I've also tried some of the pasta dishes (which are very tasty as well), however, when eating Italian food I think that appetizers and meat dishes are the best way to gauge a restaurant. This one wins by a long shot...
Also, keep in mind that restaurants that serve good food don't always prepare dishes quickly...European dining (at good restaurants) typically lasts for 2+ hours.Before I tell you how much I enjoyed my experience here, allow me first to caution you with an essential preparatory note: bring cash. I was unaware that they were cash-only, and therefore had to do the walk of shame to the ATM across the street at Pitcher's Pub!
That note aside, we had an excellent experience here. The waitress was very nice and accommodating. I sometimes do the obnoxious move of asking for something that's not on the menu (I know, I know), and she cheerily agreed to my request for gnocchi with an arrabiata sauce. 
But the star of the culinary experience was my wife's dinner selection: fettuccine con tartufo, homemade fettuccine with a truffled cream sauce. It was ridiculous--ridiculous. Do not miss this dish if you come here. 
The ambiance was very nice, and we had just about the entire restaurant to ourselves. The space isn't too big, so I can imagine it getting jammed in here at popular times. 
At about $100 for the two of us, this place isn't necessarily cheap, but it's a good experience if you're looking for high-end Italian in Manayunk. If you want to do something more low-key, you may prefer Bella Trattoria down the street. Again, bring cash!I used to love this place. But clueless waiter and the food is way too salty. Too bad.We were a party of 4 yesterday. 
Looks decent from the outside.
The waiter was friendly ,however was never trained.
We were the only table. Food is basic. 
Nothing special. Place Needs some work
And repair.
Kitchen forgot to cook my dinner the exact same dinner as my wife.
Absentee run restaurant. Save your money go to another place.Delicious. I love the bread with the garlic and olive oil to start. Their pasta is home made and fresh. Salads are superb.I wasn't impressed, plain and simple. We had at a minimum four different waitresses stop by our table and try to bring us drinks or bread. They all had a very nice demeanor but it just got to be a joke after a new one kept showing up every few minutes.
As for the food, I have had much better mozzarella and the risotto pescatore I got had the potential to be good but the risotto was just drenched in the broth from the seafood, making it lose the classic risotto consistency and turning the whole plate into the soup.  The only redeeming quality was the gnocchi quattro formaggio which my friend absolutely adored.  I want to give them another chance because they are right in my back yard but I just dont know...What a charming little Jewish-Italian restaurant! My boyfriend and I just moved into the manayunk neighborhood so we decided to, after along day of moving boxes in the rain, go see what Main Street had to offer in the food department. We literally picked il Tartufo because there was an empty parking spot in front of it and the rain was coming down in sheets. After sprinting from the car to the the inside of the place, I instantly thought we and our guests (our fathers) were significantly underdressed in our spandex and sleeveless shirts when juxtaposed with the white table cloths of the restaurant. But none of the wait staff judged us! In fact, we had a very friendly and outgoing waitress who entertained our questions about the Jewish-Italian culture and food (since half of our dinner party were Jewish but never really heard of the cuisine). Our waitress was really awesome.
We started off with appetizers for the table: chickpea soup (soup of the day), steamed mussels and clams in a smoky tomato broth, and baked mussels (with oregano and a light dusting of breadcrumbs on top). They were all delectable! Bread and deliciously prepared matzoh were also brought to the table for dipping into olive oil and the saucy dishes we ordered. 
For my entree, I had one of the specials: seafood (salmon, calamari, mussels, clams) with HOMEMADE pasta (mine was a thicker spaghetti-like noodle) in a smoky tomato broth. It was fabulous! My boyfriend had the Penne Toscane, which were penne in a spicy tomato and herb sauce. So good. The vegetarian in our party also thoroughly enjoyed his eggplant parm. For dessert, it was tiramisu and the warm ricotta cheesecake for the table. The tiramisu was good and strong in coffee flavor, which I liked...but it did have an odd white, creamy topping which I rarely see of tiramisus. To wasn't the best I've ever had but it was still good. The warm ricotta cheesecake was ordered because it sounded so different; unfortunately, it just tasted super dry. Luckily, I had some espresso to wash it down. I would not get that again.
Overall, very good dining experience. Entrees were definitely on point and our waitress was superb.I was surprised when I realized I've never reviewed Il Tar.  I've been here at least 50 times in the past 10 years, though far less frequently in recent years. The food has always been incredibly tasty, and it's the type of place you just crave every few months.  The food is not overly complex or sophisticated, and that's not a criticism; its more of a gluttonous, feel good (but also feel bad about yourself afterward) sort of place.  It's one of the best neighborhood Italian places you'll find.  
While the food has always been consistent, the service has dropped off considerably in recent years.  It doesn't really phase me because I've come to expect it, but the waitstaff is a revolving door, you'll rarely see the same server twice, and let's just say I've had some interesting interactions.  If service is not a big deal for you then you won't care, but it's definitely what keeps them from 5 stars.
That and the fact that the place is always empty.  On a Friday or Saturday there are sometimes just one or two tables during prime times.  Normally I'm hesitant to write a positive review out of fear it will make it harder to get a reservation, but in this case PLEASE visit this place so it's not so empty when I'm there!Il Tartufo is AMAZING (cash only, but still amazing)!  
How have I been on Main St for 4 years and not stopped in?  Probably because it's almost always empty & seemed to pricey/ formal for lunch.  I could not have been more wrong!  Thanks to Kristen H.'s review I stopped in for lunch today.
All entrees are priced at $10 for lunch - not something I'd buy every day - definitely comparable to Manayunk's other offerings ($8 burritos & $9 salads).  
I ordered the four cheese gnocchi and it was so incredibly rich and delicious I feel like crawling under my desk and taking a nap.  The portion was huge, easily 2 servings, and it came with warm toasty bread.  What a steal for $10!  It was the perfect comfort food for a grey, cloudy, slightly chilly day.
Can't wait to go back.DELICIOUS!! A must try!
My family loves coming here. We've been here many times and are never disappointed. It's a great restaurant and everything we've ordered has been delicious. It's probably the best restaurant in Manayunk. Hope you enjoy this place as much as we doTurns out I should have stayed home and cooked more flavorful and exciting pasta myself.  Il Tartufo was overpriced and I could have cooked the same pasta better.  My friend and I shared gnocchi and the pasta with wild boar to try something new.  The pasta came out in deep bowls, which were not very classy looking.  They were the sort of bowls you might eat mac n cheese out of - something for home, not for a fancy restaurant.  Had they been served in something nicer and possibly garnished with something, they might have looked a bit classier to go better with the upscale setting.  We also had a couple glasses of wine and Mozzarella Il Tartufo to start, which were good but something we could have bought or prepared ourselves.  I was pretty disappointed since I had saved Il Tartufo for a special occassion.I have been bragging about this restaurant for months to friends.  We just ate here again and had a very different experience.  The gnocchi  with four cheeses was amazing.  Our 3 year old couldn't get enough.  The service was horrible.  The fish of the day ruined my palette. The mussels were dry and the sauce was inedible.  I couldn't believe this was the same restaurant.  If you want to stay safe order the gnocchi and New York strip.Great place, love the ambiance and food.
It is great for both dinner and lunch.
Be sure to check out the lunch special.  Every dinner entree item at half price.
Gotta go there again to give a fresh update on food.Who charges for a refill on ice tea?  This place. Food was over priced. Food was just so so. We will not be returning.Stopped in this little place and there was one other table.   Server alittle odd but food was delicious! Try the artichokes.  We were looking for something different and they were great!Highly recommend! Excellent, fresh Italian food and extremely friendly staff. I've had both the gnocchi and penne in red sauce, as well as the ricotta cheesecake and everything was delicious! Outdoor seating is a plus. Looking forward to going back soon.My wife an I treated ourselves to a day in Manayunk in early December and just happened upon Il Tartfuo. It was a pleasant surprise that in the middle of the day we had this whole restaurant and the hostess all to ourselves. The $9.99 lunch special made think, at first, that this wasn't actually a fine dining restaurant. Then the food came.
      We first had the Jewish style artichoke as an appetizer on the hostesses recommendation and were impressed by how light and flavorful it was. It was like one of the rustic Tuscany vegetable preparations we experienced on a trip to Florence. The wine was also a recommendation by our hostess, Montepulciano, was a good dry table wine at able $7.50 a glass. Their bread and cheese served ahead of the meal was also a nice touch.
      I had the Scallopine Il Tartufo and it was to die for. The entree had tender veal in a creamy truffle sauce with brandy. Yum! My wife had a meal with wild boar, again a throwback to Tuscany, and it was equally as amazing. This was indeed fine dining at an amazing price. The only drawback is that it was cash only and I had to make a run to the ATM, luckily they provide one in the restaurant.
      If you're ever in Manayunk on Main Street, you have to try Il Tartufo. It's a hidden gem among the high-end furniture shops and specialty retail stores.DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT! This is the only time I have ever written a review about a restaurant.  Really bad experience!  My friend and I went for dinner.  We have been there in the past, but this time it was so horrible.  The ceasar salad was so bad I sent it back, tasted like a fish.  How can you mess up a salad???  We over heard the other waiter say he wouldn't eat it either.  I felt like we were in the show kitchen nightmares.  The food was so salty, now I really do not feel good.  The chicken did not taste fresh, even the carrots were odd tasting.  We will never return!  Service was really bad.  The waitress was texting the whole time, we were the only people in the restaurant and everything took forever!  I went home and ate dinner since I could not eat their food.  Such a shame, it was a good restaurant in the past.  Oh well....Warm welcome, quiet evening.  Basket brought to the table included lightly toasted bread and slices of delicious matzo, made in-house. 
My arugula and shaved parmesan salad didn't include the promised artichoke, but was fresh and perfectly dressed. 
The orechiette and tuna in light tomato and olive sauce  could have fed two of me. There were just enough capers to add bright notes to this dish. 
My companion got ahead of himself and ordered the tartufo for dessert, which did not disappoint. 
This is a fine place for a relaxed dinner.Ah, parking in Manayunk on a snowy Saturday night...
Il Tartufo was good.  It was solid.  But I don't know that I would go back again when there are so many other places to visit.
There were a group of 7 of us that trickled in the night before Valentine's Day.  Somehow we got a reservation at 6:30pm.  The place was almost empty when we got there but filled up throughout the evening.
They had a very tiny wine menu and a small bar but it was enough for us.
As far as freebies, we got a basket of bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  They probably should have brought out more since we were a fairly large table.
The table split some apps - artichokes which were delicious albeit a bit on the oily side, some fantastic mozzarella, and some salmon which I declined.
I got the gnocchi pomodoro and he got a caesar salad and the veal with truffle something-or-other.  I was actually quite full by the time the entree came out but it was good.  Not great, not bad, just good.  I ate half and took the rest home.  He was happy with his meal.  It came with mashed potatoes, asparagus, and carrots.  I sampled a friend's fettuccine with mushrooms which was good as well but incredibly salty.
We were offered homemade desserts.  I was far too full but one couple at our table ordered cream with strawberries and another ordered chocolate mousse.
All around everyone was pretty happy.  It was cash only which was a pain.  Our bill (including gratuity) came out to $308.  It was a far more expensive evening than I anticipated.
Damage:
2 glasses of wine
2 cocktails
an appetizer
caesar salad
2 entrees
cup of coffee
tip
$105
Ambiance was nice - dimly lit, subtle music, fairly small area but accommodated us nicely
Service was perfectly fine
The price tag for the good but not fantastic food really pushed it over the edge for me.  If it were just me, I'd give it 3, maybe 3.5 stars.  But everyone else seemed very pleased so it gets 4.AMAZING homemade italian food, though pricey. Went here for a family dinner early on a friday night and there was no wait (though it was pouring, so I think that kept some people away). Ordered the family appatizer with the homemade mozzarella, calamari, carpacio, fried artichokes and chick pea salad. the Mozzarella was TO DIE FOR! literally just melts in your mouth. Same for the artichokes. I'm vegetarian, so I can't comment on any of the meat/seafood. My sister got this special pear salad with gorgonzola white wine dressing. It was probably one of the best salads i've ever tasted. I got the Fettuchine Il Tartufo; good, not overly mushroomy. Mom got the Pesce Misto and it was a very small protion for the price; big plate, not alot on it. Got a side of gnocchi quatro formaggi to share among the family and it was really delicious. Server was friendly, but maybe a bit too animated (tried too hard to sell us the specials I think). I thought it was pretyy inconvenient that it was cash only. Overall, I'd love to go back, though probably only for special occasions because of how expensive it is.Hubby and I had a quiet, leisurely lunch last Monday at Il Tartufo. It was everything that I expect from an authentic Italian bistro. Service was attentive, professional but relaxed. Both of our starters were superbly delicious....I cannot say enough about how wonderful the mozzarella tastes. Entree portion size was perfect for lunchtime and allowed room for tiramisu and coffee-a lovely finish to a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience. Already planning our next visit.I see there are some good reviews and some bad reviews here, and I don't know what to make of that but our dinner was wonderful. And we were the only customers at 6 pm on a Friday. Odd. 
There are some great sounding dishes on the menu and the prices, including for wine, are reasonable. The mozzarella appetizer was so garlicky and delicious we went through a bread basket soaking up every drop. I had the mixed seafood grill, which had clams, mussels, calamari, salmon, red snapper and tuna, and some awesome sautéed spinach. The orrechieti with tuna was also delicious. Server was pleasant and attentive. Just a great meal.Best Italian Yet!
This is, by far, my favorite Italian restaurant thus far!  I've been here multiple times and have never been disappointed.  I love it so much I even had my office holiday lunch there last year.  The pasta is homemade and so good.  The gnocchi is melt in your mouth - and certainly the best around.  You can get the gnocchi pomodoro or quattro formaggi, and both are outstanding.  The meat is always cooked perfectly and the sides - a delicious accompaniment every time.  I also recommend the Fettuccini con Tartufo.  The appetizers are good, but I'd order off the menu and not get the sampler.  The mussels and fresh mozzarella are excellent choices.  As far as desserts go, I'm usually always full, but sometimes take home the tiramisu, which is great.  The Multipulciano wine is a nice, easy to drink wine with any meal.  The ambiance is nice and could be considered romantic, although to be perfect, I'd add a little larger bar area (to wait with a glass of wine for take-out food), and some dimmer lighting and cozier seating....adding that and an optional BYO would make this my favorite go-to restaurant of all time!  Oh, Cash only is a pain.  Get a CC machine please!Where does a chef of Italian-American origin go to find satisfaction in the form of his native cuisine?  Il Tartufo, of course.
Few places have what can be found in this curiously refreshing throwback to the days of romantic bistros in a Renaissance neighborhood.  The atmosphere was pure "amore", the service superb and the food a virtual transport to the hills of Tuscany.  Took the advice of another reviewer and ordered the special antipasto for two (not on the menu) and was gastronomically astounded by the combinations of salmon carpaccio; warm, fresh mozzarella, roasted artichokes, calamari, chick peas, radicchio... I've never had anything quite like it... and as I said... I'm a chef!
The homemade fettucini with wild boar ragu was to die for... and my lovely brides selection of the fontina & prosciutto stuffed chicken breast (Involtini) in a marsala and truffle reduction will be my selection upon our return.  It was simply incredible!
Even the pre-meal bread basket contained a pleasant surprise in the form of a grilled flatbread seasoned with a garlic-infused oil, salt, pepper and oregano... delicious!
For desert one simply MUST order the Tartufo... the likely namesake of this establishment... as it is also unique.  A mint chocolate gelato formed into a log, rolled in chocolate shavings, frozen and then sliced beside a dollop of fresh whipped cream with a mint garnish. Need I say more? Hats off to their chef from this chef!  We'll be back.  Sta bene'... Molto bene!My wife, daughter and I thought we'd have some light salads in the afternoon.  We had two mozzarella salads, some artichokes, two ice teas and a vegetarian Risotto.  With tax and tip, the bill came to $70, which was more than I expected for a light lunch.  I got the impression that they were dying for business and they were selling hard -- even charging again for a refill on the ice teas (that they offered) and these were tiny glasses.  They have an ATM machine in the back and it's cash only -- the owner seems to have decided that he can transfer credit card fees to the customer.  Kind of icky.enjoyed excellent red snapper with pine nuts & raisins.  and lunch deal ($9.99) for most entrees is great deal. quiet "grown-up" ambience was nice.FOR FRANK:
I haven't been to Rome in years, but his charm and passion reconnected me in a second. When I go back to Il Tartufo, I will go for the perfect perch that is the outside table to the right, the crispy and perfectly seasoned calamari, the beautiful bread that arrives with the mussels ...and for Frank. Save a glass of moscato for me baby!Just not good food - And definitely not worth the price.  
However, it was nice to have the place all to ourselves, and the wine wasn't too bad.Not good. Weird atmosphere and no attention to details as if people stopped caring.  Salt. Salt. Salt. If it truly was homemade pasta we couldn't tell. Salt.Wish I had more hands so I could give it more thumbs down. Wish there was a way to give 0 stars. We've lived in Manayunk for 4+ years and this is about the only restaurant we never tried. It must have been intuition and/or the fact that there was hardly ever anyone in there that we passed over this restaurant. It was my wife's birthday and we decided to give it a try. In hindsight, we would have rather had a large popcorn from the movie theater. If we went that route, our meal would've been less salty and more reasonably priced...
First, we walked in and the hostess was yelled at by the manager about where to sit us. The place had about 15+ tables and isn't very big, so I don't see how this could be an issue. 
We were sat by their "fully stocked" bar that left a lot to be desired. The wine list was small and over priced.
The staff appeared to be 5 people - a manager, a hostess/waitress, and three bus boys.  They sat around the bar for the first 15 minutes or so folding napkins while the mgr barked out orders. When my wife ordered a merlot (not her favorite but one of only two options for wine by the glass), we overheard our waitress being yelled at by the mgr for pouring too much. They were literally 10 feet away and watched as the waitress considered pouring it back into the bottle! Sufficient to say, this was less than professional.
We ordered the sampler, which wasn't awful. It was edible, but we couldn't get over the saltiness as previous reviews suggested. It was "highly recommended" by our server who appeared to be trying to upsell us on our orders the entire time. And, as other reviews suggested, she was ever present. Our table was wobbly and she snapped at one of the bus boys to get us a table wedge. He crawled under the table immediately - also very odd.
The main course came out right after this waitress/hostess came up and asked us "What's wrong?" in a tone/manner that would be more appropriate for an adult with a guilty conscience who knows they have wronged a small child. 
In our years of dining out, we've never been asked "What's Wrong?" almost assuming that something has to be.
Entrees were rubbery, salty, freezer burned and barely edible. My wife's chicken dish was covered in mushrooms - despite it being described as a mushroom sauce. It tasted like it just came out of the microwave, and she could barely get a knife through it. The cheese in the chicken left an awful after taste that couldn't be washed away by the gag inducing Merlot. 
Being a card-carrying member of the "Clean Plate Club," my wife was astonished that I could only choke down a few bites myself. I had the chicken and sausage dish. The sausage tasted like hockey pucks.
Since it was my wife's birthday, we intended on getting dessert but we didn't even bother. She requested that we get out of there ASAP, and was near tears for having picked such an awful restaurant for her birthday dinner. 
Given all of the delicious dining options on Main Street  and Manayunk, it's amazing this place stays in business. I would NEVER, EVER eat here again. The only upside is that this would be an excellent site for a show like Restaurant Impossible or Kitchen Nightmares. An actual Italian BYOB with great food would be a welcomed addition to the main street dining circuit.Went here for the lunch specials. After an hour and a half, the food arrived. Seafood risotto was covered in more than a cup of oil and the seafood was rubbery. Cheese pasta was nothing to brag about, and meat dishes had tiny portions. I'm guessing the dinner chef that others have raved about was not here.This place is a mixed bag. The room feels romantic. They start you out with homemade pita chips and bread. The pita was excellent. The bread was stale to the point of being inedible. My wife enjoyed her pasta, but I thought it was over cooked. I got the NY Strip. It was barely edible. It tasted like days old meat soaked in salt. It had no sear and looked poached. It came with roasted potatoes that were like eating shoe leather. The zucchini was over salted. The carrots tasted like they were poached in sugar water. Not a place I will go to again.First, I work in the industry. 
I went with a friend who also is in the industry, another friend (said friend's boyfriend) and my first friend's roommate. We generally are pretty reasonable and easy guests. 
Also, we went into this knowing that this place is a mob front, so we were not expecting great food or service. But after walking past this empty, sad restaurant for years we wanted to see if maybe there was some redeeming qualities here.
Answer is there isn't. I don't like posting reviews, let alone negative ones. I've witnessed servers getting fired on the spot over one single-star review, even when (like this one!) It has nothing to do with him/her.
The food was just awful. I know canned/super-frozen food, and honestly none of us finished our entrees not because we were full, but because we were worried about spending the rest of the day hunched/squatting over the toilet. Everything tasted old and mildly 'off.' service, while sweet, seemed like they took anyone off the street with no experience. 
And, like most times when you walk by this place, we were the only table in the place. It's sad, I have no issue with our server, just seems like she had very little training and barely any experience. Kinda like when I, at age 20, walked in because of the help wanted sign a few years ago and was told by the server I dropped my resume off with that I had too much experience. Maybe because I can tell when a place is simply a front and would have no qualms calling it what it was.This restaurant was awful from the food and service and right down to the menu descriptions. 
The food was just bad, it did not taste good which is disappointing at about  $20+ a plate. The food also included a free basket of burnt bread you couldn't bite in to. Water was warm with no ice, ice had to be requested.
The service was friendly, but slow and there were too many people coming to our table. We had a server and two young girls that kept coming and clearing items that were not complete.
The menu descriptions made me regret walking in to the restaurant at all. Chicken dishes were described as, "chunks of chicken". There was also a dish with "vegetables with meat", what kind of meat??
I certainly will not go back, especially at these prices and I would warn others not to dine here. Quite frankly, not sure how the restaurant is still open. I have seen better priced and better tasting restaurants close on Main Street.My wife and I stopped in here on a Friday night in January when we could think of nothing us. I really liked it and would happily get dinner there on a Friday night in the future. 
First off, the bread, its fantastic! I wonder if people go back just for it!
I had a creamy carrot soup that was quite good. I had a pasta dish with a red sauce with olives that had a little spice to it. My wife had the gnocchi. I liked mine more. 
The leftovers were quite good. Will try it again.As i was walking by i saw that they had a $10.00 lunch special,any entree.So i decided why not,when i first came in the waitress seated me and promptly gave us menu's.When she brought my appetizer (calamari) she spill half of the plate on the table ,sauce and all.She apologized and i just brushed it off as a lil clumpsy-ness.When my entree came ,she sat it down in front of me,then said watch out,removed her shoe and proceeded to kill a roach on the wall,i ask for the check and she was like "Im soo sorry we just bombed the kitchen yesterday and now they are out here,can i help u to anything else" I thinking yea the door ,u can hold it while i leave!Now i see why we were the only ones in there and why there specials are so cheap.Im definitely not tryin to take no brown jackets(roaches) home with meWe are new to the neighborhood and received a groupon for 2 dinners and an appetizer for $25. It wasn't worth it.
The hubby and I waited over 10 minutes to even get a waitress after we were seated. Once she came over I could tell this was a new job for her. Me being a waitress for over 10 years, I could tell she didnt know how to deal with customers. She was very sweet but very inexperienced.
She had to ask us over 3 times what type of wine we ordered. She never brought us bread. Our dinners came in the middle of our appetizers, and my entree was wrong! I really wanted to try to Risotta de Pesce and I was served something else. As I waited for my meal we were able to continue on our Mozzarella and basil appetizer (which was actually really good) When they brought out my entree, I was so excited to have my meal I didnt notice that it was the wrong dish again! And the waitress took our appetizer plate while there was still food on it! I had to ask her to put it down.
I decided to just eat what I was served, but i let the waitress know that it was still not the right thing. She just said sorry and walked away.It wasnt very good, not even sure what it was, lots of seafood in a red sauce. So I asked for more bread , because that was actually very good. She came back 5 minutes later and said that there wasnt any "up" on the line and that she would have to fire some. She never brought me any bread back.  Then to top it all off, we waited for 20 minutes after  we were finished our meals for her to even acknowledge us. I asked for our check and she brought it right away. 
Now because we had the groupon the only thing we had to pay for were our 2 glasses of wine and tax. I noticed on the bill she circled what the total bill would have cost if we didnt have the groupon and wrote "YOU TIP ON THIS" with an arrow to the total. Like I said, I was a waitress for a very long time and this infuriated me.
We wil never go back and i hope this review saves someone else from a terrible dinner out.
ps. the toilet overflowed while were were there and water was streaming in to the dining room. EWww...Lately all I want to eat is pasta. Specifically, pasta and vodka sauce. So when I got off the plane from San Francisco, having eaten only a bag of Raisinettes and a half of a questionable ham sandwich for the entire day, I knew I had to find an Italian place, stat.
Behold! The Yelp iPhone app once again didn't steer us wrong. So that's how the family unit found ourselves at a lovely window table gazing out onto Main Street, enjoying one of the best meals in recent history.
Since we were dining with two kids (ages 11 & 8) the staff graciously accommodated our request for smaller portions. The Shirley Temples flowed like water and the warm bread kept 'em satisfied until the entrees came out (quickly!). Our timing was perfect as we were finishing up just as the date night crowd started coming in (we arrived around 6:30). 
The dude got wild boar with fettuccine and cleaned his plate. And the rigatoni with vodka sauce? Perfection. It wasn't on the menu but the chef whipped it up for me, no problem.
Excellent service, perfect portions and crazy good food - looks like we have a winner!Great spot in manayunk if you are feeling italian! The gnocchi was amazing. Overall great experience!  I will definitely be back!First let me say, the food is EXCELLENT. My fiancee had some four-cheese gnocchi and I had a steak with a Gorgonzola cheese sauce, and I think both of us totally cleared our plates.
The problem is the service. It was really hard to get the attention of anyone in the wait staff, and apart from giving us our food, we never really saw our waitress. When we did get served (they seemed more interested in talking to one another than helping customers), it was by a different waiter/waitress each time. That said, I would probably come back for the food alone.What an odd experience. I've walked by this place so many times and it's always almost completely empty. But I've made it a goal of mine to eat at all the Manayunk restaurants. Was looking for a quiet place for dinner, hadn't been here yet, so we popped in.
I'm pretty sure we were sat by the hostess that then was our server? I question it because it seemed apparent she wasn't a server as she didn't know anything or what to do. Not sure if our server was busy? Hard to believe because there were only 2 other tables sat in the place. After being sat, we were going to leave because on the bottom of the menus in big bold print was that they didn't accept credit cards. We didn't have cash nor were we going to get hit with ATM fees just to eat here. We waited to tell someone we were leaving and finally I had to say something to someone who wasn't our server. She told us the menus were wrong and that they did accept credit cards, so we did end up staying.
After we ordered and the hostess/server seemed confused, another girl stopped over to give us bread and try to take our order. Maybe she was supposed to be our server? No clue. But we told her the other girl already got us.
The food was good! We had the eggplant appetizer, I had the tomato basil gnocchi, and the boyfriend had the wild boar pasta. I really liked the sauce on both the eggplant and my gnocchi and the boyfriend all but cleaned his bowl. I had a taste of his and the boar was good, very different.
We were the final table left in this place and the entire staff was congregating at the bar chatting loudly. At one point I had to use the restroom which was right next to the bar and no one seemed bothered to even get out of my way so I could use the restroom. 
Ultimately, the food was decent enough, but the service experience was just super awkward and I didn't really know what to think.I have been here several times and have never been disappointed. Once again, we just had an excellent dinner here. All four of us loved what we ordered, and we had every course! Fabulously delicious and nicely presented. They take credit cards now and also now have a bar, but accept byo without a corkage fee. Highly recommend.