Really very good food Indian sizzler.service is very nicely. And delivery is on time.last time I order chili chicken and mix grill .so yummy. ....I love it....that's why I give 5 star...Food was good, but a little cold., service was terrible. Here's my account: I was made to feel very unwelcome and the ignorance was blatant. I am a black woman, & I dined alone that night. (around 9pm) I was ignored by the waiter/host while other Indian diners were well taken care of. Again it was very blantant. Others were asked if they needed anything else, I was not. He never spoke with me at all. I was finished with my first plate before I got my bread. (other diners who arrived after me had theirs) I didn't even get a pitcher of cold water. (again, as did the other visitors.) I was not bid goodnight nor did I receive a Thank You upon paying for my food. Eat elsewhere....somewhere friendly and appreciative of your business & who delivers unbiased service. They treated me like garbage. I hope no other visitors to this restaurant experience that. My conclusion is that this place is not welcoming to Black people.This is the best Indian buffet experience in university city. The food has covers so it stays clean and warm. The serving staff is polite and attentive, granted we came when it was pretty not busy. One down side would be that they could have a little more meat variety. The best part though is that the naan comes out on order (free with buffet) and its warm and fresh! The interior is clean and spacious. Price is reasonable at 11.99 plus tax for dinner. Highly recommend this place! And I'll definitely be coming back in the future! Oh, and theres plenty of street parking for you drivers.Your standard run of the mill indian restaurant. Definitely not bad but the chicken in their chicken curry was dry. The sauce was yummie and made up for it. 
Make sure to call ahead to see if their buffet is open cause they don't seem to always have it.Excellent Restaurant with delicious food and customer service. My Husband and I missed our reservation at another restaurant and drove around looking for somewhere to dip into when we came upon this place. I ordered the shrimp tandoori plus, palak paneer and my husband ordered the tandoori chicken. I like how they brought my dish out still sizzling on a cooking stone and the dish portions where generous. 5 stars because the food is Halal and they have high chairs for the kiddos which equals kid friendly. Can't wait to eat here again when I'm back in PhillyAs I write this, I am sitting here waiting for an order that I placed close to two hours ago and didn't get notice that it would be late until someone called me almost an hour into my wait. And I will be honest, the food can be good as hell whenever (or if it ever) it gets here but it won't matter at this point. To tell a customer that you're short-staffed (on a Sunday) and that your order is going to come in another 15-20 minutes (after they were waiting nearly an hour up until that point) is not good customer service.2nd delivery of the Tandoori Mix and Bread Basket nan that was so delicious the first time, I am just now getting to write comments with even more experience; the pan of perfectly scented Basmati rice completed my dinner. I chose very spicy that provided good heat together with great flavors without taking out my taste buds for simple dessert (my own Oreo thins and cold glass of milk).What a delightful experience at Indian Sizzler! We came in on a Sunday night and despite being the only two patrons in the restaurant, the food was very fresh and delicious. 
Your server will bring you naan (and refills!) free of charge. Service was extremely friendly and prompt. The mango juice is only $1.49 and quite good. The buffet has all the basics and they don't miss. The selection and taste certainly rivals Sitar up the street. Not sure about their lunch prices, but the dinner buffet was $12.99.I've only ever delivered so I can only speak to the food itself, not the atmosphere of the restaurant or the service there. 
Overall, a solid establishment that's open late. The biryani is really good, particularly the goat. Tasty samosas. Okay mulligatawny. 
Maybe it's a little expensive, but they give you a lot of food. One order of biryani (or really any of the entrees) can last for two meals/feed two people.Ordered palak paneer and keema nan online. Palak paneer was delicious! The paneer was very fresh, naan were soft and accompanied rice was also very tasty. The delivery guy was  timely and courteous. Really good preparation and service overall.i am currently waiting for some naan. it has been over 30 minutes and the buffet only has one item out at a time. i'm a little saddened by amount of food that is offered here. i would give this establishment one star but i feel heavy for the singular guy who works here- he seems like a very stressed man. not coming back here tho.When I first moved this area, the restaurant was usually pretty empty and you could see waiters and other staff lingering near windows hoping someone would make their way in...months later, they have developed a solid following. Note: They have a WEEKEND, DINNER buffet...for $11.95! If my love for Indian food, and curiosity about the increasing clientele wasn't enough to tempt me, that was. 
We tried the dinner buffet on a random Sunday and the food was delicious. The only compliant some folks had was that unlike many Indian buffets, the naan wasn't made until you ordered it, but I considered this to be a plus as the naan came out hot and delicious.This brand new Indian spot in university city is fantastic. After frequenting multiple Indian places in Philadelphia for many years, I finally found an authentic spot that does both tandoor and curries right. An even better surprise is how well the vegetarian food is cooked. One of my biggest complaints against Indian restaurants is that the food is often served cold (especially when home delivered), but this place has consistently provided hot food so far (I've got delivery twice and dined in once). I hope they keep up the consistent food and service..if so then university city finally has a good desi spot to rely on.4 of us had the buffet. It is SO good. Not as big (i'd say half) as the other Indian Buffets, but the quality and richness is unsurpassed. The food is creamy a lot like Tiffin.
The price is right too, i think $12 or $13 and includes, fresh baked direct to your table naan.
we went a few months ago when it was newer- it needed more ambiance and music, hopefully they got more of that.
nice and helpful waitstaff. 
hope this place keeps open!!! love it.Ordered delivery from here for the second time yesterday. The first time we ordered, the food was a bit late, but everything was delicious. No real problems there. 
The second time around, things were less ideal. The food was late, and we realized when we unpacked everything that we were missing over $15 worth of food. At that point, however, we didn't want to deal with waiting for the rest of it while our food got cold, or otherwise having dinner part 1 now and part 2 who-knows-when. So we called the restaurant and just asked if we could get that food taken off our bill (especially since what they forgot was just the $7 bread basket and two $5 orders of samosas). But, after waiting for several minutes while the man who answered the phone conversed with other people, he very nearly yelled at us that, no, we were not getting a refund; he was sending the driver out with the rest of the food, whether we liked it or not (and he unceremoniously hung up on us as soon as we finally accepted that we weren't getting that refund). So we just ate what we got (which involved chicken makhani with many inedible chunks of gristle), and, lo and behold, the rest of our order arrived over an hour later, leaving us at 10:30PM with appetizers and bread for a meal that was already eaten. For an order made at around 8.
For what it's worth, the food here is generally great (save for the quality of my chicken); the pakoras, both vegetable and chicken, are great. The meat samosas are awesome. The naan is good. The palak paneer is very good (albeit light on the paneer). We just were very put off by the service."Old World Feel, New World Standards."
If you have eaten in restaurants in India, you know that the level of service and attention is very high, with the staff hovering like undetectable hummingbirds clearing plates and offering refills. Another feature is the proud proprietor, keeping an eye on everything and putting the customers first. And the final feature is the Food: hot, flavorful, a rainbow for all the senses.
Now imagine that in eyesight of West Philly hospitals with clean, brand-new amenities and food that is spiced and seasoned to perfection without peppery heat (safe for the timid or uninitiated American palate). I walked by on my way home from a shop on Lancaster Avenue one day, and was pleasantly surprised to see a spotless, brightly-tiled restaurant with no other customers open for lunch (two came in while I ate). The buffet was only 7.99 for sit-in lunch, and the mango lassi I ordered was 3.99. 13 bucks with tax for a ridiculously delicious lunch.
The food: I had my standard litmus test, the chicken tikka masala over pilaf, accompanied by  roast potatoes, some tandoori chicken, dal makhani (buttery dark lentil soup), and two samosas (one with imli [turmeric] chutney and the other with mint chutney). All the food was fantastic. In fact, as a person with a mild-mannered Northern-Indian palate, I thought the samosas could have used more jheera(cumin), but if the only complaint was that one of the foods could have been more aromatic, I can confidently say: This restaurant is safe for people with Americanized palates. Spice (chili) is not a concern from the buffet.
The amenities: Everything is brightly lit with blue-white light that reinforces how clean and new everything is. The tiles are colorful, but restrained to less geometric complexity than in an actual Indian restaurant. The color scheme works. The buffet uses only half-length chafing dishes, ensuring high turnover and fresh food. The A/C cut through July heat with capacity to spare. The Wi-Fi is free and fast. I put my iPhone through the paces, streaming Hulu and Netflix without skipping a beat. And if you sit facing South, you have a nice view of lots of trees with hospital buildings in the distance.One of my go-tos for delivery. The shrimp pakora is my favorite, but their chaat papri is delicious as well.The food was very good. I especially liked the Mutter Paneer and Chana masala. The Nan had a nice chewy texture. The delivery was a complete disaster but the owner called me later to apologize and offer me a free meal. That was very nice of him.  In the future I'll just walk over and pick it up myself.my usual go-to closed and a late night craving kicked in, so i decided to give this place a try. a friend has eaten here before and said they were ok. 
boy, has this experience taught me to never be unfaithful again...while it fulfilled my indian food craving, i have to say it didn't fully satisfy. the chicken tikka masala was super watery, not thick and creamy like i'm used to. also, it was NOT spicy AT ALL! so saaaaad! the vegetable samosas were ok but kind of bland imo. 
sorry to say, indian sizzler failed to impress this yelper. moving on...Really love this Indian restaurant.
The foods are always packed with a lot of flavors and aromas of all Indian spices. Their server is really nice and attentive to your needs. 
I go to the dinner buffet, which costs only around $7, once and order their foods once. Their butter chicken is supper buttery and creamy, which is a plus.
I ordered Garlic Cheese Naan and Lamb Curry. Both were so flavorful. I just wish there is more cheese inside naan though.
P/s: I almost about their Mango Lassi. Packed with yogurt flavour. The drink is thick as I like, and there is no side of watering down.I did not try the buffet, so this will be a review of a couple food dishes that I ordered for take-out.
Chicken Makhani is a staple for me in Indian cuisine.  It's always the first thing I try and it's usually my favorite.  Their makhani was delicious.  Nearly the best I've had, and definitely the best I've had in Philadelphia.  A great thing about it was that there was actually a lot of chicken in the dish.  With Indian food, the sauces are always what makes it, and many places skimp on the meat because of this.  Indian Sizzler did not.  I got two full meals out of what I ordered (which is a rarity for me, and made it worth the somewhat high prices).
What always brings me back to an Indian place, however, is good naan, and Indian Sizzler did not disappoint.  The garlic naan was awesome.  It wasn't dry and thin, but moist and delicious.  I also tried the cheese naan, which was good, but you could hardly tell there was cheese in it.  The naan pieces are large, as well.
The rice that came with it was generously portioned and very tasty also.
Something that impressed me was their take-out packaging, which I think showed a concern that their food be hot and fresh when eaten, even for take-out.  The naan was in a sealed bag that kept it hot for a long time.  In the middle of the meal, I went and got more naan, and it was still hot.  The containers for the rice and makhani were also nicer quality than most restaurants I've been to.
I'll be going back for the buffet at some point so that I can sample some of their other dishes.I've ordered delivery several times, initially impressed by Indian Sizzler's extensive menu.  Unfortunately, after the second time I ordered, I realized that they were using the same sauce for most of their dishes.  I've had three or four supposedly different paneer dishes, the chicken curry, and the shrimp vindaloo (which had a "spicy!" warning on it), all of which were cooked in identical sauces.  Good news is, I like the sauce just fine.  Bad news is, they really shouldn't do that.
Great rice, great pakora, good naan, good lassis.  Food is often lukewarm upon arrival.Delicious authentic flavors of india. We have ordered few times and Delivery has been within 30 mins for us.  We got the chicken tikka masala medium spicy and it was perfect. It wasn't watery or blend. Kababs are also excellent here. The tandoori mixed grill has few different kababs, perfect if you want to try all of them. They are a bit on the oily side. My favorite is the reshmi kabab. I always request for garlic butter naan but they seem to miss out on the butter. 
This is more of a takeout place. Food is excellent but considering ambiance of the restaurant and the quantity of the food I would say it is bit pricey. The delicious food keeps bringing us back though.Arriving late in the city we were looking for delivery and stumbled upon Indian Sizzler. The Palak Paneer was wonderful. Very creamy and be cheese was generous. The lamb dish we got was also excellent, as was the mango lasse. Ordering and delivery through Yelp were super easy and the order arrive just in time.Best Indian food I've had in the city (including Bala Cynwyd and Manyunk) I have an Indian restaurant near my job that I used to enjoy. After having the food from Indian Sizzler, the food near my job tasted bland. This place spoiled me. It's so flavorful, like Indian soul food. Lol! I've been twice and I'll be back again.This place is the real deal. The name may conjure up visions of sub-par roadside food, but don't let it dissuade you from checking it out--this is one of the best Indian food restaurants in Philly!Don't  get fooled with 5 star yelp ratings!
This place serves below average food at fine dining portion sizes and prices. Oh, and did I warn that all the gravies look and taste the same?Great food! I ordered off Grubhub. The food was delicious and I got my order in under an hour. I will be ordering out again soon!I came on a night that they didn't have a buffet because of a party starting soon. Nevertheless, I had a good experience! I've eaten Indian food in many places (including difference countries) and this place might be my new Philly favorite. My friend and I had samosas and both thought they were meh. The sauces that came along with them also lacked flavor. The entrees however were AMAZING! I had the chicken tikki masala and my friend had a vegetarian dish of mixed vegetables. The naan was standard. I can't be sure which one she got, but I know it's one that specifically doesn't have a creamed based sauce.Their food is good, nothing exceptional. However, the service is exceptional. Food is fresh! Their regular menu food is better than buffet. However, for $12 there is nothing to complain about. They bring out fresh hot nun with your buffet is awesome. Location is clean plenty of sitting room. They have parking right front of the store. If you around Drexel campus give them a try.Have ordered take out multiple times from here via Yelp.
Always early or on time.
Accurate food orders so far and pleasant staff.
Would recommend Palak Paneer, Chicken Saag and any Naan.
Found this next door to Chengdu and glad I did.
Convenient to Presby and UCity Science areas.Walked waaay out of our way to eat at Indian Sizzler & was well worth it!  Really high quality food; they were sensitive to our spice level request [2/5] and we were literally the only ones in the restaurant during Tue. lunch, so service was super attentive.  I'm amazed that it wasn't hopping!  We ordered one appetizer and two veg. dishes; it was far more than enough; brought a bunch home.
For me the spectacular aspect is the flavor of the curries:  not too greasy; excellent savory depth of spice, hints of sweet that recede into salt and heat and back again.  YUM - I would go out of my way to eat at Indian Sizzler again.  
My one wish is that their carry-out dishes weren't styrofoam.  There's plenty of bio-degradable alternatives around these days; I so hate single use containers.  Other than that - fantastic! !!!Ordered the Navratan Korma and loved it! Definitely mild with spices which I thought was perfect. Big potions and a great deal, the whole menu is very affordable. Also ordered the garlic naan and the lamb paratha roll. The roll was delicious but a bit messy. Would love to visit in person one day!Indian restaurant is more than wonderful
I took from him
Chicken Tikka Masala
Biryani rice with chicken
Nan bread
The request is enough for two people to restPretty good overall. Went with a friend to just check out a restaurant we'd never been to, and we were pleasantly surprised! Mostly by the prices. The DINNER BUFFET is only $12.99!!! Did you hear that? This is the important part: The dinner buffet is ONLY THIRTEEN DOLLARS ERMAHGOSH!!!! 
Anyway that's the best part! The food is okay -- the rice was pretty dry, and I wasn't much of a fan of the paneer, but the important thing is that they still had plenty of options available, despite us clearly showing up as business was winding down. I think my favorite part was the naan bread which they will give you for free. 
There seemed to be one guy who was dealing with customers directly, and he was super nice.
What's not to love? Would recommendThis is the last indian buffet I tried in my quest to conquer West Philly/UCity buffets, and I'm happy to have finally made it! They only have a dinner buffet, and it's the cheapest of them all. The location has good parking and you can't miss it on the corner. Walking inside, not many decorations but the buffet sits right in the middle of the wall. 
While veggie dishes are some of my favorite at indian restaurants, the meat dishes here were quite notable. The butter chicken was less cream based and more tomato based, with still a sweet and creamy feel to it. The mutter paneer was delicious, and no two flavors were the same. An eggplant based side was my favorite, as all the flavors came out and it was spicier than I think I've ever had at a buffet. Usually, places keep it simple and don't want to overpower it with flavor to please the masses, but Indian Sizzler did an awesome job of making everything the way I'd want it-- full and robust with quality meat and ingredients. For the price, location, and flavors, this place is probably my second favorite for indian buffet in the area. Call before to make sure they have the buffet!
And fresh naan! So perfectExcellent quality food full of flavor without being oily. The Gobi Manchurian was sublime. Best take away Indian I've ever had. Looking forward to visiting the restaurant very soon.I got this for delivery. First off, they delivered in 30 mins so I was already impressed. 
The food stole my heart though! Very North Indian styled cooking for those who are familiar. More spices vs heavy cream like you see in most Indian restaurants. I got the chole bhature and the first bite of reminded me of my mom's chole. And so much food in one order, I ended up freezing the leftover chole as I was leaving to go out of town and ate the rest in two meals with some Trader Joe's naan. Delicious!
I got the papri chaat and I had asked for it to be spicy and they put fresh green Thai chilled chopped up on top which is exactly the way I like it!!! If you do not like spicy, you can order mild, no problem.
I thought the samosas were crispy, but the filling a tiny bit bland. I can't complain though, this was my perfect take out meal!!!Consistently good food, kind staff, and quick delivery! Definitely enough for two meals with one order.I always ride by this place in my way home from work and had a taste for Indian food only to find out they open up at 5pm . Today, I called my husband and told him to meet me at the house we're gonna a try out this place.  It's an intimate setting, the staff was welcoming, overall the food was delicious.  I personally enjoyed the curry chicken and rice and vegetable ? Forgot the name of it.  I had two plates oh and let's not forget the price it was about $25 for both my husband and I.  So, yes If you're looking for reasonable, delicious Indian food this is the place to go.I was very impressed with the dinner buffet, which was on special for $7.99.  The spice and ingredient quality exceeded that of its nearby competition, New Delhi and Ekta. I would have to give it a few more tries before concluding that it is better than Sitar, but I'm tempted to say that it ism Standout dishes included the chicken curry and the chicken biryani.Covid-19 era review update.
Indian Sizzler has been my Indian go-to for over 3 years. Even my dog gets excited to get a whiff of the spices (we don't actually feed her spicy food, cause that's nuts and not safe).
The quality hasn't missed a beat in these crazy times. They are still rocking it.
I also don't vary my order much so see my original post for details. 
They are all on all of the delivery service networks so if you need an Indian fix, look no more. Indian Sizzler is my tried and true go-to.This restaurant I has some good and bad food. However, the two stars are due to the total lack of interest and responsiveness by the servers to bad food. I ordered the special which was a pompano curry. I received a tiny whole fish filled with bones and little fish. It was impossible to pick out the meat without undue amount of bones.  I mentioned this to two servers who replied "thank you" and basically walked away. So I had curry sauce and bread for dinner. 
The lack of responsiveness and transparency will prevent me from returning Ong.  As they demonstrated during my service, they don't care. Sadly good potential but off my listSmall buffet and decent food! Buffet is usually $11.99 but I caught it on special for only $7.50 the night that I went. My favorite dish was the tandoori chicken and their samosas are exceptionally good. The man who waited us was very kind.I LOVE this spot! The food is delicious and the owner and staff of this restaurant are so kind and lovely! Definitely try the korma and tika masala - I've had them with chicken or paneer and it's amazing! The mango lassi is also addicting so you're going to want to try that as well if you love yourself. I may or may not come back to get my dose of Indian Sizzler once a week. You'll understand my obsession when you go here so do it! Your stomach and heart will thank you. :)I ordered tandoori chicken, chicken biryani, 2 meat samosas, 2 vegetable samosas, butter naan & garlic & cheese naan. Everything was good but my favorite was the vegetable samosas & they gave me a mango lassi on the house which was hella good.The food and service is excellent! So much so, that I had them cater for my wedding .Indian food is an art. I completely leave it up to the artist. I had the butter chicken and naan garlic bread last night. Late last night. It was velvety, very smooth, very delicious. I loved it. I will order many times and try everything. Thank you.You can get better tasting food elsewhere for $12.95. Vibe was also weird as well almost as if I wasn't going to pay for my food or something.Terrible experience ordering delivery from here via grubhub. 
I was notified that the food was on its way to be delivered an hour after it was ordered. Forty five minutes later it still had not arrived, so I called the restaurant and contacted grubhub. The restaurant then told me grubhub cancelled the order and the driver had brought the food back to the restaurant. Fifteen minutes later the restaurant called and offered to drive the food over for the same price if I could wait fifteen more minutes, but I had no choice but to decline because my family had moved on and ordered from somewhere else. 
I cannot order again from Indian Sizzler and risk another frustrating night for my family.
Indian Sizzler, you need to get competent delivery drivers and do better when things like this happen.
Grubhub customer service failed as much if not more in ruining my family's dinner, and grubhub was unable to try to make it right.Indian Sizzler. Yeah, I know what you're thinking, as I almost passed them by when selecting a restaurant for delivery. Despite a less than positively associated name, I'm thrilled I gave them a shot. They are new to the Philly Indian scene, but the positive responses from the minimal, existing reviews made it worth a try.
The prices were reasonable and they came on the earlier side of the estimated window. The portions were also big, which led to leftovers.
The food was awesome! Throughout the meal, my husband and I literally kept raving. Our mulligatawny, Channa Saag and Chicken Vindaloo were all ordered extra spicy, and they totally delivered on the spice. It wasn't just one of those butt kicking, let's add things just to make you miserable; they spiced things up with tiny, hot peppers. 
I'm used to a more lentil-y, chunky mulligatawny but really enjoyed this more broth-based soup. Flavor was everything with this soup. 
The Channa Saag had the most tenderly cooked chickpeas I've ever had.
The Chicken Vindaloo was my least favorite. There's never enough chicken and it could be slightly more tender. The red spicy sauce was great so I'd probably try one of their other Vindaloo dishes.
Don't let the name discourage you, Indian Sizzler is a good thing. We will be hands down ordering from them again, and I'm giving them a 5 on good faith.We arrived on a late Saturday afternoon and were the only patrons (it was 4pm, an odd hour) That didn't matter though. All six in our party opted for the buffet which was well stocked and delicious. With three vegetarians in the party it was great to see plenty of options available including a fantastic Aloo Gobi, a dish that happens to be one of my personal favorites. 
The naan flows freely with a buffet choice and it was perfect (and gobbled up very quickly, which is why it was a good job refills are free too) The gentleman who served us was delightful, helpful and very pleasant. And the mango smoothie (it's in the refrigerator if you head here) is to die for. 
So overall a fantastic experience. And when the check came and was under $70 for six adults (who all ordered beverages) it got even better. Highly recommend this one and will be back for more the next time I'm in Philly.Review for delivery, as the lovely coronavirus has halted all restaurant life in the city and many others. Indian Sizzler is absolutely delicious! I have ordered from them several times and I'm always impressed. Very kind owner as well- spoke to one on the phone. He truly cared about making sure I was satisfied! I highly recommend that you check this place out for delivery, and I can't wait to go check it out when this pandemic is over so I can enjoy the actual restaurant!First time here. Ordered the Chicken Tandoori, Chicken Tikka Marsala, Rice & Naan. Everything was delicious. Will be back.Good service, best desi food in West Philly apart from eating an auntie's home-cooked food. If you wanna try Bengali food come through. Your taste buds will thank you.doesn't look like much when you pass down Lancaster Ave, but I was driving home & craving Indian food so I decided to pop in. We got veggie samosas, tomato soup, yakhni soup, butter naan, palak paneer, & chicken curry. both entrees (palak paneer & chicken curry) come with a side of rice. everything was great and well seasoned. Mango lassi was a 10/10. very sweet older man was our server. they were busy with take out orders, and i could tell he was happy to see people dine in. support your local, small businesses! especially during this holiday season.Indian Sizzler is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia. Their menu is extensive and everything I've tried has been fantastic - their samosas are hands-down the best in the city, and for the more adventurous diners their goat biryani is amazing! More importantly, the customer service is wonderful - the staff are friendly and go above and beyond to make sure your order is perfect. I highly recommend Indian Sizzler for anyone who is looking for a great Indian restaurant for delivery or takeout in Philadelphia.So I was actually on my way to another Indian spot and it turned out it was closed ! Suddenly this really nice older gentlemen (Kazi) called  me it and said my spot is open, and  only a few minutes away! Turns out this guy is the owner of the restaurant I felt so welcome they had a buffet style dinner setup . Fresh naan bread upon sitting , buffet options included : tandoori chicken ,chicken Tikka masala,palak paneer, chicken biryani(rice), white basmati rice, chicken makhani, and salad options great customer service as well!