This is a cool little place. We went last night for dinner with a few friends. Let's start with the bad though. The place is tight! It was a Saturday so it was daily crowded. The place is also very dark, no real draft menu. It's written on a chalk board, which is located in a bad spot. The menu on website is not the same in restaurant, that was a bit of a bummer.
The good is the food. So four of us went and we all got something different. We started with the wings, fried pickles and poutine fries. All were very very good. The pickles were excellent but you only get a few slices in an order. As for entrees, my wife had a salad and I had the brisket sandwich. My wife enjoyed her salad, was missing the pecans but she overlooked. I thought the brisket was good, but it was very greasy and heavy. Not really what I expected but still good. Our friends ordered the burgers, one regular burger and one one special. The one on special was great they said, it had pastrami and bacon on it. He was loving it. The fries were also hand cut and very good.
We ordered a few rounds of drinks, Fishtown iced tea, was good so were the draft beers. Bloody Mary wasn't as good as expected. All in all I think we'll be back.One of my favorite taco tuesday spots! But Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, awesome outdoor seatingIve officially found the worst burger in fishtown oh u want lettuce tomato and onions on that.... it doesn't come with that. We ordered a rare n medium burger both well done.  But attitude about needing lto was not cool. Think this is my last time here. Obviously this place had a issue with my post. We both ate the way over cooked burgers n delt with it.... They should have been sent back just on cooked status alone. If someone asks for lto what it the big deal.  I work in service industry n no matter how weird a request is I manage to get it done.  Asking for lto for your burger is normal.  And your sarcastic comment is cute.  Im never mean to your staff i'm quiet n I tip n spend money!   I will say just because u are owners son does not mean u should be behind a bar.  If you ever notice it is dead in there when u are cuz no one likes you. ...... just saying.  Drafthouse I sure will miss you. ...meh! ..................... At the end of the day there are a million places to eat here in Fishtown, you can just remember that my dear. ;)This place came highly recommended by some friends.  Walking in to a narrow divey bar with Christmas lights up in June, I was a bit surprised by their recommendation until I ordered the food.  The black bean nachos were great, the cornmeal crusted shrimp tacos were to die for, and the Mexican corn on the cob was a life changing experience.  Pair it with one of their vast selections of draft beers and all at very reasonable prices.  They have a nice little outdoor patio section as well.  Will definitely be going back to this gem again and again!I really enjoy this little spot. The service is solid and I really dig the back porch/ courtyard area. I must say the burgers are great. I'm a huge fan of the peppers they add. You also can't beat the cheap beer options. It's worth a check out if your in the area.Interstate Draft House opened up a few months back when it was still hot and sticky outside and let me tell you, Palmer Street couldn't be happier!  The service is fantastic. The beers are delicious. The food is not your average pub fare in the best way possible and the owners are both knowledgeable, sweet, attentive, and excellent at shooting the shit.  My only hope is that they will put more Lact-tard friendly items on the menu (less dairy please! I am so allergic).Another one of my must see places every time I am back in Philly.  Sit outside on the back patio if it is a nice day and treat yourself to a Fishtown Iced Tea and gator nachos.  You won't be disappointed.Interstate Drafthouse is a hidden jem in the heart of Fishtown.  I went there for the first time this past week and enjoyed my experience.  The food was unique and tasty and the beer selection would satisfy most micro beer snob fans.  I ended up ordering the bacon bloody mary.  My server informed me that they usually offer it as a special for weekend brunch, and didn't have bacon readily available.  He offered to have some cooked up though, and I gladly accepted the offer.  The bloody mary was good, but there was a bit of a bitter taste towards the end.  Not sure if that was normal.  Otherwise, I liked IDH, and will probably return in the future.  Parking may be a challenge since the restaurant is in the middle of a residential neighborhood block.  BTW, the do offer a flight sampler for their beers.alligator nachos & a couple arctic splash LITs -- WOW.
great way to spend a friday night. can't wait to do it again!Drafthouse is a staple in our weekend brunch rotation, we usually end up here once a month or so- especially if we're going with my parents. The outdoor space is great, even more so if you have little ones. The menu has something for everyone to enjoy (hubs & I are vegans, mom is veggie, & my dad's an omnivore) so we all leave happy & with full bellies. The portion sizes are generous & reasonably priced. The blackened brussel sprouts are always a staple in addition to trying out as many other menu offerings as possible. The Bloody Mary is just kind of meh, but with the Fishtown iced tea on deck who needs a bloody?  The draft list is always pretty extensive so you're bound to find something to please.Oh Interstate how do I love thee. Let me count the ways.
1. Every time I come to Philly you have more of the beers I want to try and can't get in Florida.
2. Your beer flight is $10 for 6 beers.
3. You're in stumbling distance of my sister's house.
4. Blackened green beans so good my own Mother would steal them from me
5. Great salads
6. Great burgers.
7. Great happy hour deals
8. Did I mention the beer selection?We stopped in for beers after hearing about this bar.  I was excited to learn that they allow well behaved dogs on their outside patio :) Gotta love dog friendly places!  Of course you want to bring your dog to drink beer!  Now, I just need adopt a dog or borrow one from someone!  
Interstate Drafthouse has a great beer selection on tap.  Lots of options for $3 happy hour drafts, so we will have to go back for that!  I read that tuesdays are taco night so I will have to try that sometime too.
Vegetarian options... Score!  Setian wings were awesome albeit quite spicy! When I need my wings fix I will be back!  They were about medium hot - so be ready for some heat.  Hubby had the cubano sandwich and no complaints there.  Sweet potato fries were a great choice.  The fries are served with ketchup that had a bbq flavoring to it, which went really well together.  
For good beer and food, stop in here!Midway through a day drinking spree on Saturday one of my friends suggested that we make a stop at interstate Draft House - I'm glad they did!  This place is deceptively small looking from the outside, but inside they have a lot of tables and outside they have a really nice courtyard.  That's where we ended up sitting.  It wasn't exactly "outside" weather that day either, but the waitstaff at IDH made it very comfortable for us.  The umbrellas that they have are larger than the tables, so it shielded us from the light rain.  They set up heat lamps next to us, so the temperature was just right.  
We ordered some Fishtown iced teas!!  What a cool idea. It's a Long Island iced tea but in a paper Arctic Blast iced tea carton, opened up and used as a glass.  Yummy and cool.  I am always a sucker for cool packaging.  These are deceptively alcoholic as well - the sugar really masks the taste of all that booze.  I ordered nachos which were pretty good too.  They have lots of vegetarian options on the menu. 
The service here was particularly outstanding.  Our server was totally on point, knowledgeable, friendly, and cool.  I will definitely be returning here  for food and drinks.I'm such a sucker for nachos and high-alcohol content drinks that put you on your face after 2.5 of them.. Also for late night drunken munchies, relaxing patio dinners and smorgasbords of yummy, flavorful, cheesy, grilly treats such as the ones served at Interstate. This place feels like home! I've indulged countless times and will continue to do so. 
To make this more official, service and food has always been spot-on. The last time I went it was very humid outside and as soon as the food came, I got ambushed by waiting Mosquitos. 3 staffers helped me rush inside with the collection of drinks and food items my son and I had accumulated and settled us where it was safe. If I had one criticism, it would have to be the late night bartender who looks like Christina Ricci- she could be a little warmer.I've been there alone, with wife, with son and I've taken my young daughter a few times. One time, we all were there together! Every time was a good time.
I've pretty much given up on JB's, Kraftwork is good. Loco Pez is too expensive for street style tacos. Interstate hits the nail on the head!
The wings rock, good fries, good fish, nice tacos (they need to double up the corn tortillas though). Good beer list to boot although I usually just get a Penn Pale Ale.
Basically, if your looking for no pretensions, no I'm too cool for the normal people scene (I'm looking at you JB's), then this place should merit a visit. 
Trust me, you'll be back.This place is amazing. Good beer and the seitan wings are to die for. Even my carnivore friends were indulging. Good beer, good food and the environment is chill. A+My absolute favorite relaxed, neighborhood joint. It's like dining in your best friend's rowhouse, if your best friend has an affinity for New Orleans-ish grub and Sun Ra. Food and drink are reasonable. The deep-fried pickles will make your heart do a happy dance (especially if you're prone to cardiac issues). Don't expect high-hipster haute cuisine. It's a bar. But it's a good one for chilling.Interstate has become one of my favorite places to eat and drink. The atmosphere is friendly and upbeat, the food is good and it is a great place to meet friends.  The staff knows my name and treat me like gold.  I highly recommend!!!Don't get fooled by the unassuming exterior! The food is delicious and well-crafted. I have a hard time straying from the breakfast quesadilla (eggs, cheese, plus brisket for another $3) because it is so damn good. The staff is very nice, professional, and helpful. They play excellent music (Morrissey, Cramps, old school rap, '80s college radio). The drinks are great. I want to go back right now.One of my favorite bars in Fishtown. Their vegetarian options are amazing. Try the Paleo Margaritas - you'll end up drinking six, at least. Prices are great for the area, staff is friendly, and the back patio is great for the summer. A+ five stars good family fun.I was visiting from NYC and wish we had a local like this in the West Village where I live. The place has a dive/local feel which is part of its charm. Loved my burger and having been before I have always enjoyed my meals here.  Great staff especially Kissy at the bar who is attentive and accommodating. I will definitely be back.Not anything bad enough to keep me from never returning, but not a place I'd go out of my way for either.  I just happened to be in the area this afternoon and decided to stop by for lunch around 12:30.  
The outdoor patio in the shade with all the trees makes you feel like you're in Florida, so I kinda like that.
The Fishtown iced teas are pretty damn good, I'll give them that.  A little pricey, but worth it, considering the sheer amount of alcohol in the drink.  Served in the Arctic Splash cardboard containers from childhood, it's not overly sweet or strong and super refreshing - just perfect on a hot summer's day.  Draft beer list seems to be pretty expansive and unique and they have decent happy hour specials like $2 Tecates.
But the food is a hit or miss.  I've only been here twice, so it's hard to fully judge until I've tried an actual dinner instead of just day drinking grub.  With that said, my BF ordered the burger and while the burger was decent (he liked the truffle mayo with the cherry peppers), the fries were SO overly fried and tough, they were inedible.  
I ordered the black bean nachos with the addition of chili (which was on their "brunch" menu - should've been an indicator) and while they were EFFING GIGANTIC (seriously - piled in a mountain on a wooden cutting board with a hole in the corner like some hipster fuckery), they were so salty and messy, I could barely put a dent in them.
I love a good messy nacho, but there needs to be a balance of fresh ingredients and cheese - blank space, so to speak.  The just-okay, too salty chili with random chunks of sausage were just dumped on the chips with a tiny bit of guac, sour cream and pico off to the side.  Which would have been workable if the chips themselves were good.  But they were: A) stale and B) SO salty I couldn't eat them - you could see they were coated in sea salt.  
Waaayy too heavy, fam.  Way too heavy.
I love the Fishtown iced tea and some of the menu items like gator seem enticing, so perhaps I'll return and try something else.  For now, though, a good place to drink and that's about it.Great beer and drinks, decent service, disgusting food. I was so excited to come here, but the multitude of hair in my food was a let down, obviously. I ordered the fried pickles, among other things. However, I ate two of the fried pickles and continually pulled blonde hair out of my mouth that was in the batter. Unfortunately, I will never return because it completely skeeved me out. I wanted to like it, but that's just too much for anyone to handle.We live on the same block as this place and have been very excited for it to open in the last few weeks.  Tonight was their 3rd day of business and we went in for beers and dinner.  The menu has an excellent variety that is served tapas style.  Between the two of us we ordered 4 plates:  Filet tips, seitan tips, broccoli rabe, and the black bean nachos.  Everything was exceptional.  I ordered my filet tips med rare and they were cooked perfectly.  The filet tips and seitan tips are served with soft tortilla shells, shredded lettuce, and a spicy aioli, and for being tapas I felt as though the portions were a very nice size and very reasonably priced.  The other reviews weren't lying... the seitan tips are very tasty.  The black bean nachos are excellent - I loved the nacho chips (they were thicker than your average chip) and were topped with guac.  My boyfriend loves broccoli rabe and that was also very very good...
We only ordered the Sly Fox Octoberfest beer and that too was excellent.  I liked their beer selection and will definitely be going back to try others.  The owner, Brandon stopped by to say hi and introduce himself.  He seems like a very nice guy and we welcomed him to the neighborhood and wished him a lot of luck.  I hope this place does extremely well.  It's a very cool place and the decor is welcoming.  The bar upfront has at least one tv  - probably a cool spot to catch a Phillies or Flyers game for sure.
The patio out back is super cool and had I seen it before we sat down I probably would have wanted to sit outside.  Its dangerous living so close to such a cool place.  I definitely will be going back... soon.  And I definitely will be bringing people along with me as well.I stopped by Interstate Draft House on their grand opening night for a drink after work and ended up nearly closing the place.  The interior is cozy with a nice bar space and dining room in the back.  And there's an adorable patio out back complete with a cute cat (which I think after about 8 vodkas we named Teabag???)  We ordered the guacamole, calamari and seitan tips.  Also had a bite of someone else's spinach pizza.  GET THE SEITAN TIPS.  Amazing.  The place, food and staff are all awesome and I'm looking forward to going back soon!
fyi: cash only for now while they get their credit card machines sorted out.My friends and I traveled up to good ol fishtown for a restaurant my buddy started working at. I was def impressed! Though i didn't drink, the mimosa looked (and tasted) super fresh and the coffee was perfect. I enjoyed my brunch immensly, and  can't wait to go back again for the choriza gravy over a biscuit.
I devoured the eggs benedict over boneless fried chicken over fried polenta. i licked my plate clean cuz i'm a piggy. My friends loved their burgers and the staff is  very friendly. I wish places like this would open near me in south philly. Its time to give royal tavern and sabrinas some beer friendly competeters. that are in walkking distance to my house in pennsport.If my phone would let me I'd rate this a 4.5
Our server was extremely friendly and knew her craft beer. The tap selection was perfect for the beer enthusiast. The aesthetics of the bar are that of what once was a dive bar, with its old wood design and stickers and posters everywhere. (Check out the rare DUEL movie poster in the restroom!)
Besides having a wide variety of local and national craft beer on tap, the food is outstanding! All of it is made in house and the recipes are unique. I had both the Pablo encrusted fingers and the honey wings. My friends had the alligator po boy. 
All that is missing to make this a perfect 5 is the narrow bar itself. There's barely any room between the bar stools and the tables behind them.A bright Interstate sign illuminates this great little new spot from an otherwise unremarkable block.  I stopped in the other night to check out what it's all about.
The Interstate Draft House is a beer bar/gastropub rendition by the owner of the late Azure in Northern Liberties.  Great craft beer selection is combined with pub and Mexican food.  The atmosphere here is great; it's really cozy, dim with candles along the bar.  A medium sized wooden bar runs half the length of the building and gives way to a dining room in the back.  Good music plays in the background until the Phillies come on.  And I love when bars play the sound for local sports casts.
There's on HD TV over the bar, and a chalkboard will the current beer selections.  With the exception of the prices noted on the beer list (and this is a welcomed inclusion), many details are reminiscent of Memphis Taproom.  I say this with a note of admiration.  I was hoping this new spot would have a lower price point, but let's face it: Fishtown is expensive now.  This place, in price and a lot of other ways, it right up there with Memphis and Kraftwork.
The staff here is attentive and friendly; more so than I expect.  I did visit while the business was quite new, but these guys still seemed genuine.  For the menu, there are a few options that sound great.  The one downside is that the mains and all sides are separate.  First, ordering a burger and getting just that on a plate is disappointing; somehow just wrong (fries are a right, not a privilege).  Second, a simple meal can inflate to almost $20 with a main and a side.
I ordered the Cubano, and this was a traditional representation of the delicious pressed sandwich.  No complaints here; good ingredients, with special props to the spicy mustard.  Rachel ordered the quesadilla and was happy with her order.  The real treat was our order of fried plantains; sticky-sweet, perfectly cooked, and overall delicious.  The might not be the best food to go with beer, but I'm happy to order them anytime nonetheless.
I like to write a lot when I visit spots and I doubt most anyone reads the whole thing.
The Bottom Line: I like this spot, it will thrive. I hope that it can keep the neighborhood feel and not get overrun.  Interesting beer lists and a tasty, albeit a bit overpriced food menu will keep the folks coming again and again.
Cash only at the moment.Wow.  The best seitan I've had in a long time, and it's actually in my neighborhood?  The garlic brussels sprouts were as good as my own, and that's saying a lot.  Our server was friendly.  Also, I'm happy about the unisex bathrooms.  I just don't get it when single stall restrooms are designated by gender in this day and age.  Glad you're hear IDH.  Please keep the vegetarian options on the menu.As someone who spent time growing up in Fishtown I hear buzz about all the 'new' bars. Interstate doesn't get nearly the buzz it deserves. Great draft variety and selection. Great me ur with diverse and staple pics. Friendly staff. As a bar/restaurant worker for 20+ years, I always think highly of places where people seem to enjoy working at. If your bartender/server visibly doesn't look like they want to be there, why would you. My favorite of the 'new' places in FishtownGood drink specials. Gotta try the Fishtown ice tea. Brunch is really good too. I had the eggs benedict, which came with a side of home fries. It filled me up for sure and the chipotle sauce was on point.This place is a nice go to, they have a great little back patio that stays just quiet enough. Food is always consistent, from salads to burgers. Love a place that has shiner BockIt's pretty simple. 
The service is attentive. The drinks are reasonably priced. The food won't disappoint.
It's a great new spot to have in town.
You would do yourself a favor to try it out at least once!I went to dinner at Interstate Drafthouse for my birthday! The Arctic Ice Tea is a derivative of the Long Island Ice Tea and you must try it at least once, if not multiple times! The sandwiches are great and the atmosphere inside and outside is remarkable! I recommend visiting this restaurant.Usually a pretty good beer selection. Cajun style fare is good here. The fries can be amazing but are sometimes too greasy. Do not get the chicken flatbread.
Recommend the fried cauliflower bites and the specials.
Edit: a few changes under new ownership have made this place a regular haunt.Came here last Wednesday w/ a friend before seeing a show. For all the times I have been in the Fishtown area I was never even aware of this little gem! The bar area was completely open when I walked in, so we got a table in the back and were immediately approached by our waitress who gave us the run down of the specials, etc. We both ordered the famous Fishtown Iced Tea. It was actually pretty good, strong, and totally worth the $9. You'll feel hella nostalgic when drinking these as they are in the cardboard ice tea containers from your grade school. 
They have a lot of menu items, but we both decided to order off the side menu. The side menu gives you about 15 entrees to choose from and the perk of ordering from this menu is they include a free beer. Um, yes. Easy choice! -- I ordered the chicken panini w/ no bacon. It was pretty good, but the side fries that came with it were SO good. I munched on them more then the actually panini. 
All in all, a great place for a happy hour or a pregame for your night.Treats on point at this little Fishtown jam. Don't blink, because you might miss it! 
Came here with a giant group while in town for the weekend. I've been once before, for Saturday brunch. I must say,  they've got a pretty insane amount of food options and they're all pretty tasty! 
Brunch, from what I can remember, was pretty standard fare (sammies, eggs, etc), but large portions for cheap! The perfect hangover remedy. 
Dinner was well received from everyone-- which is impressive with a group of 8+. On the meh side- korean BBQ tacos and nachos. On the delish side- mac and cheese and chicken panini. 
Seriously though, you could come here 10 times and not run out of different items to order. Shoutout to the "gator gravy": no one was brave enough to try it, but it's pretty fantastic that it's an option. Next time. 
Fishtown iced teas in the Arctic Splash paper carton- disgustingly awesome. I cringed through the first half and then was buzzed enough to love the rest (and consider ordering a second). Awesome beer selections. 
Bathrooms and service... well, it's a bar in Fishtown, so I guess it was as expected. I had to scrape some pee riddled toilet paper off my shoe within seconds of entering the bathroom...so...gross. To be fair, there is a hilarious banshee-like cut out that warns you to enter at your own risk. They ain't kidding. 
Place is pretty little, but still had no problem accommodating our large party at 7:30 on a Friday. Will definitely rock this again when I'm in town!Eek!! I don't know what happened here!
I had plans to go to Prohibition Taproom last night, but when we got there, there was not one single seat to be found. So, I thought to myself, where can we go instead that will undoubtedly be delicious?
Unfortunately my experience at Interstate wasn't nearly as good as last time.
The service was pretty terrible, and the food was quite disappointing. 
The fried pickles, which I loved last time I was there, were completely different. Long gone were the golden brown, crispy pickles. What appeared at our table was more of a tempura type fry, that was soft and mushy and peeled off the second you picked up a pickle. In fact, looking back at the picture I took in May, and comparing it to what appeared at our table last night, I wouldn't even begin to think that both dishes were from the same place.
As for the mac and cheese - I wasn't really a fan. It tasted like a grilled cheese sandwich (and my date agreed). The breadcrumbs on top were buttery and browned (borderline burned) and made the dish taste like a sandwich. It wasn't really hitting the spot.
Lastly, I got the catfish po boy. It came out on a regular hamburger-type roll, which isn't usually how a po boy is served. I could overlook that, but the fact was that my entire sandwich was beyond soggy. It was absolutely drenched in the juice from the cole slaw that it was topped with. I was only given one napkin, and I could barely get through two bites without feeling like I needed to go wash my arms and wrists in the sink.
Overall my date and I were pretty jilted by this experience. It's quite unfortunate considering how much I loved our outing in May.One of my favorite happy hour spots. Nachos are huge and delicious, ancho wings are fantastic, tacos and other goodies all each for $4 or less! $4 pint sized margs and drafts. They also have great weekly specials like wing night or a beer and a burger for $10. Great food and good deals, this place never disappoints.Was looking for a new happy hour to try and had this recommended to me. When I arrived I was disappointed. Nothing wrong with the decor, but the place was empty other than the lovely bartender and a very drunk young man at the bar.  I was meeting my wife after work, so I decided to have a glass of beer and planned to skedaddle when my lady showed up.  
Bartender was very knowledgeable about the beer selection, gave me a few tastes before I selected a pint. She then brought another few tasters over of other beers she thought I would like.
By the time my wife made it to the place, it was beginning to fill up (and the drunk had been carted home by his girlfriend). We were pretty hungry so we decided to have an appetizer.  The honey ancho seitan "wings" were so delicious we declared we would never eat buffalo wings again.  We decided to stay and ordered the chicken tacos - excellent as well. 
Friendly crowd, great customer service, low happy hour prices (!).  This is definitely one to visit again.Great food, great service, great beer. All the necessary qualifications for a quality bar experience. And an outdoor patio to boot.Great little brunch spot! I have eaten dinner here before too, but yesterday I had brunch for the first time. Their beermosas were huge and delicious (made with Merry Monks yesterday) for just $4. All of the entrees were really reasonably priced too. The bacon was my favorite - really thick and smoky, what I like to call butcher bacon, as opposed to the thin wimpy bacon prepacked at the supermarket. This place looks little from the outside, but has a big patio out back. Fortunately half of it is under a tent, because it rained while we were out there. Under the tent there are also beds of herbs, which I imagine they use in their food. Love that! Our server was super friendly and brunch for 2 with 2 drinks each topped off at just $35!This place is awesome. I live in the neighborhood and was really looking forward to a new more low key eating and drinking establishment. The food was amazing....especially the seitan tips....excellent! And I am not vegetarian. Also the poblano corn soup. Friendly and comfortable. Looking forward to my next visit when I hope to enjoy the outdoor seating in the back.Looks like a dive bar ...and it is.  Seiten strips are INCREDIBLE though -some of the best food I've had in a bar.  But the beer selection is limited.  I appreciate all-American beers, but *8* frickin IPAs plus a couple of pale ales and  *SNORE*.  Hey, guess what?  American brewers have grown beyond that.  Look, when Bud tries to break into the "craft" market, what will they produce?  A frickin' IPA.  Allagash *white*???  Sigh.  It's available at 25 bars on PhillyTapFinder.com.  BORING!  How about Allagash Curieux?  You should have bought 5 of them suckers to have throughout the year.
The seiten tips made it worth the trip, but I left to go to kraftwork to get my beer on.  Bummer.
-----
UPDATE:
I've been back several times and giving them another star.  The beer list has been better, but also: I have to say that the food is really good.  There is a nice outdoor seating area in the back too.  :)I would be vegan in a heartbeat if this chef could cook for me every night.  The marinated seitan tips was possibly one of the most satisfying meals that I have ever enjoyed.  I am not actually vegan, but have a milk allergy and Interstate is definitely allergy sensitive.  Service is excellent and the beer selection is solid.When my Uber dropped me near Interstate Drafthouse, I had no idea where to walk. It just looked like a nondescript, chill residential city block. I stared at the little blue dot on Google...eventually looking up and realizing the bar was about 30 yards away.
Interstate is tiny but packs a punch. The front bar area is narrow and hard to navigate with a group. My first visit last Saturday night was with five others, so we opted to sit on their patio at a picnic table. Much more room to breathe! At one point, it started raining, but the umbrellas guarded us from the shower successfully.
Both visits were for special Beer Week events with taps from California's Casa Agria, but ID had been on my bookmarks list for ages. I think originally they popped into my radar for selling gator mac and cheese (and I was obsessed over gator in food items after a trip to New Orleans...), but I actually ordered chicken tenders during my visit instead.
Their version was really good! Panko fried so they felt fancy and not too-too unhealthy. I felt silly ordering them when their menu had so many cooler items, but our server reassured me that they're not just for kids...they can be a great comfort food for any age!
The next afternoon, the atmosphere was much calmer, and a couple friends and I chit chatted at the bar while sharing nachos. Their version is pretty tasty, and the helping was massive.
Interstate isn't in my neighborhood, nor in my city anymore (sniff, miss ya Philly), but it's a cool, unassuming little bar and I'd recommend it wholeheartedly to both locals and visitors. I'll know where to find it next time.We stopped in on a sat after dinner to have a few beers and this is a very nice bar,friendly barkeeper,nice atmosphere,good beer selection which is why we stopped.Unfortunately we were surprised at the beer prices,they wanted 9.00 for a goblet of Ommegang 3 Philosophers i'ts 10 bucks for a 22oz bottle in jersey, 3.50 for a pint of Kenzinger,6.50 a glass of Allagash white.Why the extreme difference in price? are they basing the price on ABV??I don't get it, this isn't center city it's Fishtown, it's Moes.Well we had are 1 beer and left,Too bad because we were ready to spend the nite but really couldn't justify spending 6.50 for a beer we can get at The grey Lodge for 5.00 so that's were we wound up. Maybe were just spoiled, we visit our neighborhood bar, which this is, pay 5.00 bucks a pint for all beers on tap from every imaginable local,craft brewery.We would be willing to spend more, just not that much and I guess everyone has there limit and we will see if it affects business and how many people choose to spend elsewhere.I just don't see the need to in reality inflate your beer prices causing others to possibly do the same,causing the consumer to loose. We are still going to give there food a try and have a couple with dinner,but they should rethink there prices IMHO and hopefully continue to do a great business.So if I ever go missing on a Tuesday night, check here first, because chances are I'm getting down with some dollar tacos. Dollar tacos and four dollar pints has to be the best deal in town.  I've never had seitan before trying it here, but the seitan tacos are my fave. 
But alas, it is impossible to stop at the tacos. Having sampled a good amount of their fare, I'm happy to report everything has been great. I especially love the wings here, which are in a bbq type sauce, a nice departure from basic bitch buffalo. Fried pickles are always delicious, and the black bean nachos with your choice of meat are perfection.
The beer list is always solid, I just wish some beers would turn over a little quicker so I can't try something new every week. But IDH has introduced me to some delightful new beers, DuClaw dirty little freak comes to mind.  The waitresses are always super sweet and knowledgable about the beers on tap too. 
While the happy hour pricing seems to be a good deal, some of their other price points are a bit skewed in my humble opinion. $5 for chips and pico is a bit much.  But IDH is a great option for a night out nonetheless, especially if that night happens to be Tuesday.This seems like a decent place to drink, but the service and food were not great. In particular: the chicken fingers were dry overcooked... the breading was almost burned. Everything else was decent, but nothing to write home about. 
Service was friendly but slow. The dude we asked to wrap up our food said sure, then went on a smoke break and forgot to ever come back... and the waitress was too busy to get back to us quickly on stuff.
I might kick it here for an evening drink if I lived closer, but wouldn't try dinner here again.This place is so awesome. I've only been here on Tuesdays. Do you know why? Because their awesome Taco Tuesdays! Yes, $1 tacos. Ok, the tacos are tiny, but still worth the buck. They taste very fresh and come out hot and loaded with chicken (or another meat if you prefer). 
I also had the nachos. Couldn't finish them. Not that they were bad, no, they were great. But it was a huge plate! Enough to share with 2-3 people. They were amazing. 
Next up, the tap list. Here's where I fell in love. On Tuesdays, they have select drafts for $3. Don't expect 2 or 3 beers to be listed on the special. Every time Ive been there, they had almost every beer on special. Most beers are hard to find at other bars. 
This is my new hangout for sure.One of my favorite places to get wings and beer. The fish town ice teas are also great as well as everything I have had off their menu. The location is also very cool and parking is not hard to find in the area.Walked by this place randomly and decided to check it out. They had a quaint little back patio that was great during this time of year. The beer selection was a nice variety. I definitely recommend the brisket sandwich, it was spectacular!What kind of tex mex bar doesn't serve mojitos? 
Well I'll be taking my business to chi chis next time I feel like going out.Awesome bar in fishtown with a cool, friendly, fun vibe and definitely a place I'll come back to again.  It's a little weird on the outside as there's not much else around it on Palmer and you walk through this door not expecting to find a fairly decent sized bar/restaurant.
We got a table in the back, past the bar to the right, and had a very nice waiter.  Their beer list is on the wall along the top, and they have at least 20-30 beers on tap (if not more).  He was willing to give us a sample of anything we had questions on, which was nice.  There is unique art / graffiti on the walls...definitely the epitome of what you'd expect in this neighborhood.
We went on a Monday, without even realizing it's their wing night.  They have plenty of different kinds of wings, and we opted for two orders of the veggie wings - the two spiciest sauces.  I'm drawing a blank on the specific name of the flavor/sauce, but one was an asian-style sauce and the other was their ancho sauce.  I expected more from the ancho sauce as it was very liquidy and didn't really stick to the wing.  Both sauces were super tasty, and came with some nice ranch dressing and celery/carrot sticks.  They weren't the best wings I've had, but glad they offer a plethora of different sauces to douse them in.
In addition to the wings, we shared the cornmeal crusted cauliflower bites, the black bean nachos, and blackened brussel sprouts (small).
Cauliflower Bites - there were fantastic and came with a delicious, tangy sauce to dip them in.  I love cauliflower and typically the Korean-fried style, but these were surprisingly tasty and crispy.
Nachos - these were standard nachos - nothing bad about them at all.  Wished they had a bit more cheese and that the toppings were spread out better rather than all at the top/center, but still good nonetheless.
Brussel Sprouts - these were very good...and don't expect them to be crispy/fried...they're blackened with a garlic zest, and they are super tasty.
Overall, had a great experience with the service, drink options, and food.  There are plenty of other vegetarian options so I'll definitely be back to try them, such as their homemade veggie burger, seitan cheesesteak, and po boy.Love this place. 
Come between 4-6pm for some cheap ass finger food. 
AMAZING seitan wings. That sauce is good enough to lick off someone's fingers. Or your own. Whichever is more appropriate. 
The fried pickles are awesome and then the curry ketchup. Jesus. Ask for curry ketchup on the side of anything you order. So worth it. Trust me. Seriously, you will rave about it. 
I've had several sandwiches. The best hands down is the lamb burger. That thing is awesome. Really meaty, savory, and the sauce is amazing. 
Conclusion: saucegasm. 
Only caveat: Their fries absolutely are terrible. Like horrible. Undercooked. I don't understand how they don't catch this. Consistently bad. 7-8 times in a row undercooked and awful. Don't get sweet potato fries. Same issue. Ask for a different side or complain until they get it right because this place is ridiculously good and the fries are completely fixable.After trying to get to the Interstate Draft house I finally made it there on a Friday night in March.  We were lucky to get rock star parking about 100ft from the front door.  We walked in and found two seats at the bar right near the front window.  I'm glad we arrived at 9:30 because by 10pm the place was full.
As soon as we sat down our bartender came over and took our drink orders.  My girlfriend ordered a Fishtown Ice Tea and I had an Otter Creak Baltic Porter.  Our drinks arrived quickly and both were great.  As most said the Fishtown Ice tea is a must try.  I could drink 10 of those things on a nice spring day as long as I'm not driving.
The interior of the building has the bar along the right wall and a few two top tables along the left side.  As you walk past the bar area they have a dining room followed by the kitchen.  Since it was a cold night we didn't get to check out the back patio. I will return when the weather is warmer to check it out.
After perusing the menu I settled on the beef & gator chili and the Filet Tips  with chipotle aioli, fresh greens &  flour tortillas $12.  My girlfriend had the Chicken Panini with marinated chicken breast, smoked apple wood bacon, sliced avocado, red onion, cheddar cheese and lime cilantro mayo.  The panini came with fresh cut fries and they were some of the best we have had in a while.
The vibe of Interstate is very chill and relaxed and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful.  This small bar has great food and a good beer selection to match.  I really like this place a lot and can't wait to go back.Interstate Draft House is a great place. No attitudes or pretentiousness makes for an enjoyable place to grab a bite and a brew.
They always have a pretty great lineup on draft. The backyard space is cozy, yet comfortable. Their menu is imaginative without getting too far out. I got the cheeseburger tonight and it was absolutely fabulous with spicy peppers and truffle mayo. Very messy, but worth every bite. I've also had the wings and tacos which are definitely awesome considering other places will give you something not as tasty and more expensive. Also, Interstate is home to the famous Fishtown Iced Tea - basically a long island ice tea served in an Arctic Splash container. Love it!
Service is very nice and very fast. I have never had a single problem here. I just moved a couple blocks away, so I can tell I'll be in a lot more often.Id have to give 3.5 if it was available but still a really awesome place! Hole in the wall to check out. the fried pickles are AWESOME as an app and the cheesesteak was solid. Finally, great local beers on tap!Seriously... hole in the wall bar with awesome beer and food? Sign me up! Everything I have ordered from the menu thus far is delicious, and the beer selection is top-notch.  Bartenders are friendly and knowledgable about what they're serving.  Couldn't ask for more.One of my favorite Fishtown neighborhood bars. They have a nice rotating list of craft beers on tap; many of which are $3 during happy hour. The drink to get here is the Fishtown Iced Tea which is essentially a Long Island in an Arctic Splash carton. A couple of those will surely put you on your butt. 
Their menu has been changing a bit lately, in some respects for the better and some not so much. A consistent favorite of mine is the Grilled Chicken Panini with avocado and bacon. On most days the fish tacos are also a good choice. 
When the weather is right, the outside patio is one of my favorite places in Fishtown to grab drinks and talk with friends. 
Taco Tuesdays here are often very popular but note that the tacos aren't very big so you might want to grab a few if you're hungry.Servers are friendly. Really good large an varied menu with something for everyone. Good happy hour specials 4:30-6:30. They do a Taco Tuesday with $1 tacos. Been there a lot and never had a bad meal. The back yard is humid and filled with Mosquitos though both last summer and the fall before- hopefully they can fix that this summer. Inventive food and drinks and a good ever changing draft list. Never too crowded.I got the vegetarian ruben and it was fantastic. My friends got the white bean and kale burger which was also super tasty and a unique flavor for a veggie burger. The side salads were solid portions of dark greens, no bullshit white lettuce. The dressing was sweet and kind of weird, but thats minor. The bartender was friendly and the cocktails strong and interesting.This place is an awesome drop in spot. Food menu is appetizing and the service is great. Kyle is an awesome bartender and makes you feel right at home. Definitely recommend for a Sunday Funday spot.I live in the neighborhood and was very happy to see something in place of Moe's...  When I heard it would be a Draft House , I was very excited.  I have tried Interstate a few times and am terribly DISAPPOINTED.  Food was ok to good, waitresses ok, but the bartender and both owners (father and son) could really use a lesson in hospitality.  Simple "hello", "good-bye", "how was your meal", etc really go a long way...  I won't be going back to this place, when there are so many other better, friendlier places to spend my money (and recommend)...Things in life are usually terrible or awesome...or just OK.  Interstate is OK.  I like the bar area if you can get a stool and I've always enjoyed the random conversations I've had here.  There are plenty of things to like:
The mussels are awesome
The burger is great
A really good beer list
The outdoor patio
Sports on TV (in a bar with good beer, crazy!)
Ardic Splash LITs (only have one, trust me)
Then there are things to not like:
Spotty bar service on occasion
The burger is kind of expensive
The really good beer list is kind of overpriced
The wings taste weird
So, there you go, a mixed review.  It's close to home, so I'll be there enough, but not as often as I would if it was just a *little* bit better.Taco Tuesday - the best tacos in the city.  Fishtown Iced Tea to wash it down.I was here for the first time tonight, and it was taco Tuesday.  The tacos were only $1 each, but they are tiny!  They are delicious; I had 3 chicken and 3 seitan; and I was full.  So not bad, $6 for a meal.  They also had select drafts for $3, which is a good deal.  I will definitely be back to check this place out again.In comparison to many of the other bars in the area, Kraftwork in particular, the portions are too small for the price. For $12 I only get a sandwich and no fries, or even chips for that matter-what gives? Go to a place such as the American Sardine Bar, and your sandwich-$10-will more than fill you up. At the Interstate Draft House, a sandwich will only leave you hungry, which isn't good. I also noticed that the prices of some of the beer increased as the night wore on. Why did the Moylan's IPA and the Bluepoint IPA jump 75 cents from the time we entered the bar?!? Needless to say, I was not impressed.The food is good, and the atmosphere is hit or miss. The staff are not the friendliest, often spending more time on their cell phones (texting) or hanging out at the bar with each other in between waiting on you. If you are not in a hurry, this place is for you! They have great drink specials (Fishtown Ice Teas are my favorite). Their guacamole is the bomb! My boyfriend is always impressed by their beer selection.Gator Nachos?
Yes, Gator Nachos.
If that doesn't sell you on this place they come on a giant butting board and are huge. They also have an awesome tap list, and a cool vibe. I would hang here often if I lived in this hood.Excellent! Went here because every other place in the area had a ridiculously long wait. It was a pleasant surprise! Very well priced, food is great, and the service was awesome. We had the chicken mole tacos, which were very flavorful but a little dry, and the burger. Burger came with jalapeños and was PERFECT. Would definitely go back.A hidden gem. Walking by I definitely was skeptical of this location. However I walked in and found a goldmine; delicious well priced food and great drinks. They also have brunch on sundays. I walked in and there was no wait! I am eager to see the outside area during the warmer months.Crabcake big, big enough it didn't need the brioche. And enough crab.  You can't have too much crab, but you can have not enough.  This had enough. Roasted beets were fantastic, with their candied walnuts and blue cheese.  The mushroom and goat cheese quesidilla was really good, with the quesidilla itself done perfectly, not too brittle, not too soft.  The fried sweet potatoes were really the best I've had so far. Very light, very crispy on the outside, and very sweet inside.  One punkin beer, and one cider.  Total bill with 20% tip was $51.00.  A bargain as far as I'm concerned.
The outside seating was a very nice surprise we took advantage of, but it sure seemed roomy enough inside. 
Really a nice addition to the neighborhood.Usually stop by for Taco Tuesdays. Great food, especially the brisket sandwich. Can't beat the deals either and am very thankful for the late night happy hour.Love the atmosphere! Food was excellent I had the Fried Pickle Chips and the Chicken Panini!! Fishtown Ice Tea was so Delish!! I enjoyed it so much I wanted to go back the next day!!Interstate Drafthouse is my corner bar so I frequent it quite often.
My favorite days to go are Taco Tuesday and Two Fisted Wednesdays.  They offer dollar tacos and discounted beers on Taco Tuesday.  Two fisted Wednesdays gets you a sandwich and a Philadelphia Brewing Company beer for $10.
Interstate has a nice outdoor space so you can enjoy the weather.  Only downfall is that you occasionally see some Opossums hanging around in the trees.
Make sure you order at least one Fishtown Iced Tea!Def had a great experience. I am a FOODIE and SPA SNOB so I travel just to eat and go to spa's...I am amazed that I live in Fishtown and have such "eclectic" food options. My friends and I came after work which his late 8 pm and had a great time. The staff was knowledgeable, friendly, accomodating, and the food was GREAT. Wonderful menu of choices and friendly for those who do not eat meat ;-). I truly enjoyed this place, the location for parking was great and it was a comfortable setting with a diverse crowd.  Keep it up Interstate Draft House. Welcome to Fishtown. Shonta C.This bar is perfect if you're looking for a dark-Christmas string lit place for a late night dinner and a beer. We tried the fried cauliflower, Mac n cheese and the ancho chili wings. Everything was good except the Mac n cheese, which lacked any sort of detectable cheese flavor unfortunately. The service was top notch, and they had some good, low prices beers! I'd hit it up again when I'm back in Fishtown!When I heard the name "Interstate Draft House," I thought it was going to be some behemoth-sized bar with a ton of beer options. I couldn't have been more wrong. Interstate is about the size of someone's apartment, and they offer about sixteen drafts. It was like stepping into any laid-back neighborhood bar, and that was just fine with me. 
My cousin, his gf, and I got there for happy hour. It wasn't terribly busy, we were seated right away, and our server was very nice. Happy hour, she explained, meant we could choose some bar snacks at about $3-4 and drafts on the board with a star were only $3. Yes, that's right: THREE DOLLARS FOR A CRAFT BEER DRAFT. Not everything was on special, but even the Rogue Chipotle (which is usually double the price) was included. We each went with different drafts: Dogfish Aprihop, Prism Shady Blond (a very local brew), and Bell's Oberon. 
We ordered beers and food. My cousin ordered the chicken tacos, his gf got the spinach-tomato pizza, and I went with the ancho honey wings. The chicken tacos, though just $2 each, came one per order, so he had to put in another order for a second. The spinach-tomato pie was the perfect personal size and the crust was super thin. It looked a little like a frozen pie, but I couldn't confirm that. My wings didn't have as much of an ancho flavor as I would have liked and weren't spicy. But there were six of them, they were on the larger side, and also came with some carrots/celery/ranch, so for $4 it was a great deal. 
Granted, it wasn't very busy, but our server never forgot about us and was ready to bring refills when we needed them. 
All in all, Interstate was a solid pick. I would like to come back and take more advantage of the super-cheap drafts on a day when we aren't busting our asses to get back home before a hockey game. They have two TVs at Interstate, but if you don't get a seat at the bar, you won't be able to see them.
*Also, I'm not familiar with the Philly mass transit so I can't comment on that, but we drove over to save some time and parking was super easy. We actually got a spot right in front of the bar.Interstate Drafthouse is a solid establishment with above average food, a nice outdoor patio and ok drinks. I've had their black bean nachos and bourbon glazed filet. The nachos were fine and they give you a heaping portion. I found them to be a bit salty and really nothing special compared to other restaurants (if you want great nachos go to El Rey and have their chorizo nachos). The steak was good for at a bar but don't come here thinking you're getting steakhouse quality meat. My girlfriend loves the chicken quesadilla and says it is one of the best she's ever head. The Fishtown Iced Tea is fun and served in a ice tea carton like we had when we were kids. They're strong too! The margarita was way too sweet - I rarely have trouble finishing an adult beverage but this is the one time that I did. All in all its a solid spot all around. It's worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of the way to go here.