Isabel is located in the building where we live so it's a convenient place to eat from time to time. It's an above average restaurant and I recommend people try it. I really enjoy the crab and shrimp enchilada. It's fun to bring tequila and buy marguerite mix. 
On the downside service can be slow though I generally like to take a long time dining. It's tough when I bring guests who like fast service. They are pricey though the quality is good. When I ask for light cheese or cream in my sauce it makes no difference. At times they over season, and are not consistent in the way food is prepared between times I've dined there. 
Two more plusses:
1.  They are truly wheelchair accessible through the building's lobby. 
2.  They have a varied dessert menu, and all desserts are delicious.We sat here for over 3 hours.. And it as great =) I will say though I did appreciate that they won't kick you out before you finish your bottles of wine! Definitely enjoyed this BYOB. It's on the first floor of a condo building. 
I got the carne asada burrito with the jalapeño cream sauce on top and it was SO delicious! My cousin and I split the salsa verde and ranchero and both we're also really good. The ranchero we a bit smokey. 
I understand it's a smaller place and there were quite a few customers and our server was busy, but our only complaint was the service was a bit slow to take our order, open wine, and fill waters. The view outside was nice. The art museum and rocky steps are across the street, but the windows got foggy and we couldn't really see it anymore halfway through the meal. I felt like the decor and atmosphere were a bit random and sloppy. Overall, I think would try another Mexican place for atmosphere purposes, but if I couldn't find one if come back bc that burrito was damn good!I thought the place was pretty good, maybe a little over-priced if anything. The service was really nice, seems like a mom and pop place. Our food was great, chips and guac and salsa were all really good. I had an arugula salad that was okay, then the crab and shrimp enchiladas with jalepeno cheese sauce which i thought was nice - not too heavy, really delicate flavors with the jalepeno and seafood. I'd say the tequila mixers were a bit of a rip off - bring your own wine if you really want a deal....I wasn't initially drawn here although I pass it everyday because it didn't seem very vegetarian friendly. We got a Groupon and got to check it out though. 
Incredible!
Quinoa ~ With Black Beans, Fresh Corn, Bell Pepper, and Spiced Pepitas over Baby Greens in a Sherry Vinaigrette 7
Quesadilla ~ Grilled Flour Tortilla with Chihuahua Cheese and your choice of:    Huitlacoche (Mexican Corn Truffle) 8
Tacos~ {Fresh Vegetables 13,}
All Served with Pico de Gallo, Crema, Warm Soft Corn Tortillas, and Shredded Romaine
Desert was INCREDIBLE! Their presentation of the pictures on the iPad was really appealing. I thought it was going to be typical Mexican restaurant desert but they blew me away! 
We didn't BYOB but this looks yummy:
Tequila Mixers
Margaritas: Fresh Lime, Mango, Passion Fruit, Guava, Peach, Guanabana, Scarlet (Pomegranate)  ~ Available On Ice by the Pitcher 9 or Glass 3 OR Frozen by the Pitcher 9) 
They seemed a bit stressed, I think the Groupons brought in a lot of business, but they were so sweet and caring that I didn't care much :) 
I would love to see more outside seating if possible.It may be moot at this point, however I cannot let Isabel's go without a 5 star rating from me. Don't it always seem to go, that you don't know what you got til it's gone. I regret every meal I didn't have at this restaurant. 
When I learned of their closing, I booked a reservation for their last night as quickly as possible. So did a lot of people as I dined with a packed house. The biggest complaint against Isabel's is service. Due to the large number of folks dining, it was a little slow. Who cares? It gave my husband and I more time to sip our margaritas without rushing. Fortunately, when their other establishment, Trio, moves into the location, they're still making the margarita mixers available. It's not goodbye, guava...it's see you soon. 
The saddest part of this all is that the food was delicious. Everything excelled in quality, portions and freshness, as it always had. I regret trying the mojo de ajo with mahi mahi for the first time on their closing date. I wish I ordered a bucket full of the guac. They were so kind to let us get both the pineapple mango and hot salsa habanero. What a sweet and hot mixture of freshness! 
Don't let this regret happen to you. If you enjoy a restaurant, frequent it before it's gone.We have ordered delivery from Isabel on 3 occasions and every time we have had issues. First, they take cash or check only. Tonight, our food was ordered an hour 45 minutes ago and still isn't here. We live 4 blocks away and called 16 minutes ago and they said the driver was on his way. We could have walked there faster. Last time, it also took an hour and a half and we had ordered 2 sides and never got either. Their customer service is absolutely terrible. I will not be ordering from there again. There is no reason an order should take that long, and then be incorrect...... 2 hours later, our order came. It was missing the aide again and our food was freezing when it got here.THE best Mexican food. Been to sunny Mehico twice and have yet to have find better than this place right here in Philly. The carnitas quesadilla is phenomenal. The guac and the pico are so fresh and tasty. Love the pork shoulder enchiladas with the creme sauce (?)
Checked out their brunch and the food was just as good, if not better (if possible). Went with the challah french toast stuffed with bacon and nuttella and it could have been the best thing I have ever tasted. 
Service is attentive without being overbearing. Props for memorizing the laundry list of daily specials too. 
Atmosphere is warm and welcoming with that family restaurant feel while incorporating modern features such as the iPad dessert menu.
Can't say enough about this place. Highly recommended. Not to mention its BYOT. Can't beat it.This place is great!  It's not the typical cheesey, beans and rice tex-mex type of place.  The menu is not huge, but there is a great selection.  My favorite apps are the scallop ceviche, grilled cesear salad, and the queso fondido (amazing).  I also loved the skirt steak and the shrimp tacos.  We also have had the super delicious mango margarita mix for our tequila.  The key lime pie is the best I have ever had!Get the guac. 
The food is pretty good, but the place is pretty small and everything is pre-mixed. Not good for groups over 8. It definitely is three stars for food and ambience, but the serving staff is so nice and friendly that I have to give them a fourth star. 
The desserts were delicious, notably the hazelnut mousse and the bread pudding, the rest were okay. 
Of course, BYOT. They have good mixers.Was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. Always excited for a byot- we picked Isabel's as the dinner portion of the terror behind the walls dinner package. It is rather small but very elegant looking without seeming too pretentious. They had a fabulous selection of margarita pitchers to put my tequila in, we chose the frozen peach and were not disappointed! Would love to come back and try some of the other flavors!
For appetizers we had the guacamole and the seafood ceviche, both very delicious and fresh and the portions were bigger than expected. For the main course we went with the chicken quesadillas and the fish tacos. These were both presented very nicely, also very big portions. I didn't have much room for dessert but since it was included tried the chocolate hazelnut mousse cake, it was good not great. 
My only complaint would be that had we not had the dinner package their prices were a little steep for the quality of the food. However, compared to Lolita (the only other byot I can think of) the prices are cheaper and the food is great quality.After purchasing a Groupon for Isabel, I went here with three other people for dinner.  The food was just ok.  My sister and I both got the special, it sounded delicious but it was soggy and mushy.  My brother in laws steak was a little to over done, at least for my taste and my fiance said his was ok as well but we all agreed that had we paid full price for our meal, it wouldn't have been worth it.Love it. This is one of Fairmount's hidden secrets, probably gets underrrated because it's in an apartment building and doesn't have too much fake Mexican kitsch. The food is done with care, and for some reason it seems that the menu now seems like more value for the money when it first started. I've taken quite a few picky guests over there a few times and they're always impressed. 
The negative reviews (especially the obviously fake one) seem a little shady. I can see someone not raving about it, but I'd be surprised at someone hating it. 
Give it a go over the other Mexican restaurant in the area - that one's not bad but I definitely prefer Isabel!
4 stars only because I"m fussy.Let me start by saying BYOB. That's always a plus in my mind. The restaurant is small but cozy. I believe they do delivery too but I've only had dine -in.
I've been there several times with my last visit over the July 4th weekend. My husband and I brought our own tequila and got the pitcher of guava flavored margarita. That's always such a rough call because all the flavors are good and we like to try them all for variety. So far guava might be in the running for my favorite. 
We weren't looking for a fears so we skipped the appetizers and just munched on the chips and salsa. That's good enough for me because they were delish! You can taste the freshness of the salsa but in a well blended type of way- the slight kick is very enjoyable.
For our meal we split the duck enchiladas with the salsa verde and the cochinita pibil. The one catch is that we ordered the enchiladas with the cheese on my side. It took a little while to get the side of cheese so a meltyness effect didn't occur on my enchilada which I wanted cheese on. I guess that's what happens when you accommodate your non-cheese eating significant other. It also took a while for our server to bring the sharing plate so our food sat for a bit. With all of that being said, I probably enjoyed the pork dish a little more. Although both were pretty good.
I was just proud of myself for ordering the seafood enchilada- my tasty go to- and branching out. 
Since we weren't looking to bring home leftovers and cleaned our plates, we passed on dessert.
As far as the service, it wasn't bad but it wasn't the quickest. 
We'll be back although with so many places on our "to eat" list it probably won't be too soon. I'd definitely recommend it to someone looking for a Mexican BYOB.My reviews are reserved for meals that are particularly special to me.  Isabel's should be named when listing the best Mexican restaurants in Philly.  The plates are well executed and even if they miss your particular standard, they don't cut corners.  My fiancé and I had a groupon and decided to use it.  My fiancé had tilapia ceviche, carne asada, and we shared a tres leches.   I had the queso fundido, cochinita pibil, same dessert.  
Firstly: in-house tortilla chips that were NOT greasy--well done.  Salsa is loaded with cumin, interesting and fresh.
Tilapia ceviche: tasted like anything but tilapia.  Huge portion, loaded with the right ingredients (SIMPLE: cilantro, tomato, onion, lime) and they were crisp and fresh.  Fiancé added their in-house habenro hot sauce for a kick.
Carne Asada: we were disappointed in the asada because you can't choose the temp and they inevitably over cooked it. Guac, beans, and rice were phenomenal--would have traded the meat for a double side of rice and beans.
Queso fundido- a universally welcomed comfort food.  Chorizo is the high-light with a smokey, cinnamon finish.  Mushrooms compliment the chorizo with a necessary earthy note.  Cheese is a good quality Oaxaca, fresco blend.
Cochinita pibil- 5 out of 5, amazing, and totally unexpected.  Usually cochinita pibil is crispy and in danger of becoming dry, but not this version.  The pork is cubed and probably cooked longer on a lower temp; the reason why I think it's cooked longer than usual is because the achiote sauce is incredibly dense with flavor--only time produces such results.  Rice, beans, and an unnecessary well executed caramelized, baked banana.  Without pickled onions, the dish looses a star--such a nice balance.
Tres leches- sweet, sweet, sweet. Nothing new, but nothing lost. I'm still shaking a bit, hours after the fact.  The "fluff" top borders on ridiculous, but I didn't mind it.
Three stars because I'm marrying a Colombian and have been to multiple Mexican weddings: we simply don't have the ingredients and time/patience to eat Oaxaca/Yucatan meals.  The service was well intended and the atmosphere was warm an friendly.
 If you want "complex" go to Starr.  If you want "good" support your independent restaurateurs.I was in this Saturday with a group of ten for the fright and bite package. There was a mistake on the website about pricing. The owner was more than accomadting and honored the prices on the website. Service was very good and I appreciate an owner who is willing to honor their advertising. The pork shoulder dish was very good .Had a Groupon, so we wanted to try the restaurant, as we go to the Art Museum often.  What a waste!  The complimentary salsa at the beginning tasted like it was out of a jar.  I ordered fish tacos and got a dish of cold tilapia ceviche next to some grated cheese, lettuce, and bland pico di gallo!  My husband ordered the chile rellenos (we always order this as a test of the Mexican restaurant).  Terrible!  Lukewarm, soggy pepper sitting in runny watery red sauce.
Never again.  This is definitely a miss!In a city with fantastic food options Isabel really drops the ball. I dined here as part of the terror behind the walls package deal. The options were poor and most of the table ordered quesadillas because it seemed like the only appetizing option. The chips and guacamole were too salty and the rest of the food was dry and lacked favor. Yes it is byob but they charge $12 for the margarita mix (so beware). Do your self a favor and dine at one of the other many better Mexican restaurants in the city.We had brunch here this morning. It took close to 15 minutes for the waiter to come and take our order after we were seated. No one came to refill our water goblets during the entire meal. We had to go up and ask for the check when we were done. So on service, I would give this a two. For food, I would give it a four. The food was very good. I had the ricotta pancakes with fruit, and my husband and daughter had French toast. The serving sizes are very large, and nicely presented, and tasted yummy. A fruit cup came along with our each meal, and it was a nice size cup of fruit, with cantaloupe, strawberries, pineapple, blueberries, and honey dew. So overall it averaged out to a three. I am not sure that the good food makes up for the poor service. It seems like the servers are oblivious.I was very excited to try this new Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood. Although the staff was very friendly, I was really disappointed with the food. I brought a bottle of tequila to add to a margarita mix. The server poured our tequila into glasses that looked like water glasses...not margarita glasses...and then topped off the unmeasured amount of tequila with the margarita mix. I had to stir the drink myself. My understanding is that you're supposed to pour the tequila into the pitcher, mix and then serve. The experience was odd. The guacamole appetizer was just okay. The presentation was nice but it was pretty bland. My friend and I both ordered the mahi-mahi special. Unfortunately, it will rubbery and over cooked. The restaurant was having an issue with its credit card machine therefore we had to wait a good 10-15 minutes for the check. Even though we didn't complain, they gave us dessert on the house which was very thoughtful. I went to Isabel within the first month of its opening. I'm hoping to go back in a few months to give it one more try.The food was very good but no better than the typical Mexican restaurant.
We had a 6pm reservation and the sun was beaming so high through the window that it began getting warm inside and there were no seats outside to sit (5 tables and all were taken).  The heat from the magnifying sun coupled with the grilling caused it to become a bit smokey inside with half of our party saying their eyes were burning for about 5 minutes.
The food was delicious but again, typical Mexican, and with a limited menu.
I would definitely go again but hope they eventually get their liquor license.Isabel is my new favorite place in the neighborhood.  The guacamole is to die for (ask for more chips if you need them--no problem!), the skirt steak was perfect, and the service is wonderful--courteous, knowledgeable, friendly.  Brought a bottle of wine, and was good to go.  OH--and the flan is fantastic.  I can't wait to go back.  Ole!!!I've been here three times. The first time I was blown away (also, had a few margaritas) but both return visits have been good too. 
My favorite features are the BYOT margaritas & the bread pudding dessert. 
I've ordered a few specials (they usually have a few inventive ones) and the fish tacos. All have been great. 
Recently, a friend and I went here (while running very late) before seeing a show on Broad Street. They were very accomodating to get our orders, dishes and check quickly and the food/drinks were just as good.
I will note that every time I've been there they've had at least 1-2 LARGE (15-20 people) parties. Might be a good option in the future for parties of this size. I should also note that our service was exceptional even with the larger parties nearby. 
Lolita is one of my favorite restaurants in the city, so I was excited for what I consider to be a cheaper, more local alternative.I'd like to keep this a secret, but if you haven't been here for Sunday brunch you're missing out. We finally checked it out and it is a great neighborhood spot. True, it's alcohol free, but the amount of food you receive for the price is INSANE. I had the crab & brie omelet and an OJ for the cool price of $10. This omelet was gigantic and chock full or brie and crab. Plus a generous side of breakfast potatoes and two thick slices of toast with honey butter. My husband had the burrito which is massive, and full of eggs, rice, beans, cheese, tomatoes for about $10. Our total bill was $23! 
There was no wait, an attentive server, complimentary mini banana muffins, and in nicer weather, outdoor tables. It is super for people watching too.I've been going to Isabel now for the past 8 months and love everything about it.  The staff is always friendly.  I really do believe the food is a great value!  It's a perfect BYO in the area.  They always have a new appetizer of the day to try at a reasonable price. I actually love their homemade guac.  Would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!BYO Tequila!  The Guanabana margarita mix is the best.
Isabel's was the scene of Philly Din Clubs July gathering.  This was by far the biggest party we've had with 12 people total.  The restaurant was on the smaller side but was able to accommodate us without any issues.  We also had plenty of space despite our size.  
The management actually called us beforehand to see if we'd rather do a fixed menu, which we did choose for $25 a person.  Each person was given the choice of one appetizer, entree, and dessert.  Pretty good deal if you ask me!  There were so many options it was difficult to chose.  The duck enchiladas were a favorite and probably some of the best I've ever had.   Other hits were the Mahi Mahi with garlic sauce and the pork shoulder with fried bananas.  Everything was outstanding!  And you can't not get the guacamole of course.
One last thing....this place is BYO and we highly recommend bringing your own tequila to try their various margarita mixes.  The Guanabana was our favorite and the guava was amazing too.  
Obviously, we highly recommend Isabel's for anyone looking for a great BYO Mexican place in the city.  Great food, great service, and reasonably priced.  Enjoy!!I wanted to like this place--it's in my girlfriend's neighbourhood and brings another style to the burgeoning food scene here. The staff were extremely friendly and the freebie chips and salsa were quite decent. It was also great that we could get a seat at the bar right away at 7:00pm on a Friday night. I liked the guacamole that we ordered--a tomatoless style that I found appealing. 
But my main course was abismal. The "grilled vegetable" tacos consisted of a few zucchini slices unevenly cooked, some almost totally raw, one table spoon of diced tomato, two table spoons of shredded lettuce, one table soon of grated cheese and three warm tortillas. The food looked completely unappetizing on the plate, and was virtually inedible. I just don't understand how any restaurant could have put that in front of a customer. The chef, the chef de cuisine, the manager, and the waiter all saw the plate en route to me and all of them thought it was OK to present to a customer. What?
There were other problems, which I would have completely overlooked if the food had been better--service was painfully slow, the bar overlooks a very unsightly kitchen (I've been to many restaurants with open kitchens that add nicely to the experience), and a constant haze of smoke wafts from the kitchen into the dining room.
Never again.This review is LONG overdue, but better late than never! 
A huge group of us (about 12) dined here and had an absolute BLAST! The place has incredible views, with windows galore, but is cozy, so feels intimate and open at the same time. 
For a smaller-ish place, they accommodated our large table beautifully, from the water to the timing of the food, they were so attentive! Because it's a BYOB (YAY!) we brought several bottles with us and even got a bit rowdy....such a pleasant atmosphere!
Now onto the food....we started with several things, the chocolate duck salad being one of them. Really? Do I need to state that this was ridiculous!!??? Delicious! The daily ceviche choice was excellent as well, totally fresh and zesty! 
Everyone left happy, full of amazing food and completely satisfied in the experience. Thanks so much and so sorry it took so long to write this....it's well deserved!I went to Isabel's because it was part of a package to see Terror Behind the Wall and also it said BYOB.  How can this not be a great place to eat? 
WELL, the service was slow and food was absolutely awful!  I ordered a skirt stake, it was pretty disgusting.  Very salty.  The rice was mushy, had no taste. The vegtables were just as bad.  No one at my table was remotely happy with the food at Isabel's.  Even the Guacomole was salty and it had shredded mozzarella on top.  I have never seen that.  We were hopeing the desserts were going to be good.  NOPE.  The entire meal tasted like it was all put in a microwave and not freshly cooked.  We were all very dissappointed and will not be going back.This is a decent place wit fair prices.  It's Byo which increases the value. I had a groupon when I went.  I had the empanadas as the appetizer.  I ordered the crab but received the beef which was tasty.  I had the mahi mahi special which was good and the read pudding for desert.  The service was a bit slow but very friendly.  I'd return but wouldn't go out of my wayThis is the deal with this place. The one chef rocks and the food is delish. However when he isn't there it's disappointing.  I went there to eat I side three times and the servers were terrible.  I think they have high turn around.Isabel is a small yet spacious Mexican BYO in the 2601 Pennsylvania Ave building in Fairmount.  Although it is in a condo building, you can't tell when you are inside.  Large glass windows overlooking Pennsylvania Ave provide lots of light and ambiance.  Decor is Mexican-themed of course.  
We have been here a few times and every dish has been excellent. Including desserts!  Tonight I had two appetizer specials. One was raspberry soup with a hint of white balsamic vinegar, which was exquisite and not too sweet. The other app special was a watermelon with queso fresco.  It was light and full of flavor.  We shared the mushroom and cheese quesedilla which was delicious.  The mushrooms were fresh and finely chopped, sauteed in white wine, and the right amount of cheese (not gooey or greasy).  We finished dinner with the chocolate mousse cake which was excellent.  
One of the reasons why I love this restaurant is because it is BYO. Bring your own bottle of tequila and enjoy margaritas that are $3 by the glass or $9 per pitcher. They have a large variety of margaritas including guanabana, mango, peach, etc.  All of the dishes are prepared with care and presented well.  The menu is reasonably priced.  Definitely a great choice for Mexican.Three of us went and we brought a small bottle of tequila for the pitcher of margaritas. The servers were adorable skinny boys and very sweet.
The free chips and salsa were good and two of us really liked our food. The other person was underwhelmed because she really likes Tex-Mex and anything but that freaks her out. We all liked the the guacamole.
I had chicken enchiladas with verde sauce. One friend had fish ceviche and shrimp wrapped in bacon. The unhappy friend had seafood enchiladas in jalapeno cream sauce and she was not happy. Have I said that enough times?
The three of us shared a rocking dessert - kind of a caramel leche cake thingy and we swooned.
So, friend #1 and I would go back for sure. Beware if you are expecting Tex-Mex type stuff. That is not their thing.I've been here at least a half-dozen times and never left disappointed. Check Groupon from time to time also. 
I'm leaving this review just to say the bread pudding is the best dessert I've ever had. Hands down. And as a foodie I don't make a statement like that lightly. It tastes basically like french toast and it's topped with malted vanilla ice cream with dots of chocolate syrup & whip cream. Presentation on point and all. After housing it in 2.3 seconds I just wanted to high five everybody in the place. 
Seriously, don't eat here and not leave room for the bread pudding dessert
As for the meal itself, this particular time we split gorgonzola guac which was tasted fresh and overall pretty good, maybe a tad on the salty side. Although that's not the worst thing in the world when you BYO reposada tequila (hit the liquor store on 20th & Fairmount on the way).
They have a bunch of house mixes for your tequila (@ $9 a pop, which seemed a wee high to me), but absolutely get the GUAVA
Chicken tinga tacos were real solid, $13 and tasty.. sign me up! Cochinita pibil is usually a solid dish IMO. Always listen to the specials. Wifey had scallops this time, she loved the dish and said it hit the spot, but there really wasn't a sear on themWhat a gem.  Reasonably priced and BYO Tequila.  Had the Pomegranate mixer with Blanco tequila.  It was so good, they were kind enough to put the leftovers in a little container for me to take home.  Kids split a carnitas tacos and there were leftovers so the servings are generous.  They also had some of the delicious guacamole and queso - both of which were quite good.  My Pibil was excellent - you just have to know what to expect.  My wife had the crab and shrimp enchiladas which were good if a little bland.  Only one waitress but she did a good job even with a rush of patrons.  I will be back.Isabel is a tiny restaurant inside an apartment complex. It's definitely a random and hidden location, but that seems to work for them. Went on a Wednesday night to use a Groupon I had purchased. We had read that it was byob and came prepared with a bottle of wine and tequila. You can order pitchers of flavored margarita mixers and then add the tequila yourself. 
We started off with the guacamole. It was very good and went well with the complimentary chips and salsa. We needed extra chips just to finish the guac. For dinner, we all ordered the enchiladas - they had chicken and I got the crab and shrimp. The enchiladas were served in a jalapeno cream sauce and accompanied by rice and beans. While the sauce was good, it was milder than you'd expect from something made with jalapeno and could've used more of a kick to it. For dessert, we had the bread pudding. I wouldn't normally order this but it was recommended by a friend. I'm glad we listened because it was delicious.I really wanted to like this place.  It was closeby to where I used to live, reasonably priced and mexican done right is up there with the best.  I think I ate here 3 times, each time worse than the last.  First for brunch, then dinner, then lunch.  
The breakfast was pretty mediocre.  Bland, but not offensive.  I think my girlfriend enjoyed her breakfast burrito.  Lunch and dinner, I was just really disappointed and wanted to ask for my money back but that seems like such a rude thing to do.  The guacamole was so bad.  Clearly they just take packaged pulp and mix it with maybe half an avocado and slop it in the bowl.  Maybe it doesn't make sense to stock fresh avocados and make fresh guac to order.  Fine, can't argue with that.  But I don't want to pay good money for trash either.
Another reviewer reminded me I ordered the  Cochinita Pibil (braised pork shoulder), I didn't want to finish it, but I was really hungry.  I ate as much as I could and just wanted to put the whole experience behind me.  
It just doesn't make any sense, like is the chef here inept?  Bored and disgruntled after years of cooking?  Did the sous chef, or someone lower on the totem make our food, someone with no skill?  Thats forgivable I guess, if they don't know what they're doing.  I know it can be hard, and I know I can be picky, but I feel like I was served garbage.  I feel like whoever was doing the cooking isn't tasting the food, because if they did, they might realize it's lousy and needs to be reworked.  
Sorry.Went last night for the first time. Why is this place empty?  The guacamole was super, not too spicy. I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but I could make a meal from the homemade chips and guac. My pork enchiladas were ok, but the pork was cubed, not pulled. They went out of their way to make me a hot chocolate that was incredible, sweet and salty, creamy and chocolaty.Delicious.I tried this small BYOB for the first time on Saturday.  I ordered the duck quesadilla and steak tips.  The food was good and prices fair for the area.  The staff was very friendly and service relatively quick despite it being busy.  They also provided a generous helping of chips and salsa no charge.  I will definitely return.I'm a resident of the building and was initially thrilled at the idea of a convenient decent restaurant so close to my hungry belly. get in mah belly!
We ordered take out from them one night because I dont think I could deal with the lack of ventilation from the stoves stinking up my clothes. my husband ordered carne asada or some steak thing with rice and beans, and I had the shrimp tacos.  They were just awful. the steak was this slab from junior high school lunch looking thin steak thing that could have come from a diner. and a tiny little unappealing pile of zzzzzzzzzzzz beans, oh, sorry, I just woke up after tasting those beans that were so boring, and the zzzzzzzzzz rice. and not spicy, not flavorful.
the shrimp was worse. it was rock shrimp which should have been great, but it was weirdly bitter tasting and bad and swimming in this kind of thin broth of meh that didnt belong and was inappropriate to try and put in a tortilla.  it was just ick and it kept coming back on me all night. a slice of lime, three insipid tortillas, and some shredded lettuce and sad tomatoes in a pico de gallo attempt rounded out the sides for me to put in those sad little tortillas. to the tune of over 40 bucks for a sparse amount of weird geriatric diner food and some questionable swimmy  bitter shrimp. I want to like it because its so close! but alas, my heart belongs to others.Very VERY pleasantly surprised by this place last Friday night.  Price point was similar to the other Mexican place (La Calaca Feliz) on Fairmount Ave, but I thought the food was much better!  In both cases I'm still shocked at the idea of paying $16 for pork tacos, etc. but I guess that is the going rate these days??  Style was more low-key, tables placed further apart (more quiet) and food more traditional (chicken mole was delish).  Great service (also unlike LCF - we were there the previous Friday night and service was slow and the restaurant very loud).  Decor leave something to be desired - as does the ventilation (note to owners: you HAVE to fix that otherwise no one will want to go on a date there b/c they'll end up smelling like mexican cooking), but all in all a nice dinner.  Oh, and the desserts where excellent.  
Also, the neighborhood restaurants used to be places you could walk into and probably get a table for 2 without reservations...but no longer!  Probably because this place doesn't get as much foot traffic, it isn't as packed and if hubby and I decide to go out at the last minute, I think we'll definitely think about this place again.  Oh, and apparently they do Sunday brunch.  Huevos rancheros, here I come.I've been to Isabel BYOB twice now and I had a wonderful meal each time.  I highly recommend getting the specials of the day- our last visit we had the seafood soup (the broth was just heavenly) and the shrimp in chipolte sauce and found both to be so delicious.  The duck quesadilla is also a great dish, and the house salad is light and refreshing.  Plus the staff is extremely friendly and the prices are quite reasonable. 
My only negative is that the first visit they served us never-ending chips and salsa, but the second visit they did not.  Boo hoo hoo!  :)Great Mexican food with a variety of options. We had tilapia ceviche, queso fundido, cheese quesadilla with crab, and a veggie enchilada. All were very flavorful. The Margarita mixer options were unique and not too sweet.  Service was slow for a very small restaurant (maybe 8 tables) but it was worth it. Definitely enjoyed the BYOB.At first glance this place is in a secluded area, off the beaten path of most of the other local bars and restaurants. But don't let that detour you, the food at this place is absolutely remarkable, at a really good price.THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 5
Isabel is one of those places that I wished I known had existed when I lived closer to the Art Museum.  Food - Pork Tacos / Fish (Cod) Tacos / Chips / Salsa / Guacamole / Beverage - Hibiscus Iced Tea
Since it was a pork event, we ordered a pork taco.  Since I am who I am, we also ordered a fish taco.  Pleasant enough, our waitress/hostess/food runner, brought two plastic glasses filled with ruby red iced tea.  This ended up being our favorite non-alcoholic drink of the day.  The hibiscus normally bitter, was perfectly balanced with sweetness with a hint of what seemed like cinnamon.  The pork taco was tasty enough, but the flavor was off putting by some suspicious looking pork rinds.  Surprisingly, the fish taco won me over the pork in this case.  The cod cooked perfectly, garnished with some radish slices and a big shmear of a spicy mayo (most likely chipotle).  It may have been a bit too spicy for some, as it had the potential to hide the delicate flavor of the fish, but was a much welcomed spice kick.Overall a nice evening and great value with the groupon.  Not sure if I would return without another coupon. Decent food but overpriced.
I found the food tasty for the most part.  Chips, salsa, guac were all very good.  The bread pudding was delicious.  
The ceviche was disappointing.  The key-lime pie had a mousse consistency which I did not enjoy.The house chips and salsa are the best! They were surprising good, I just wish they threw the chips in the oven so it came out warm. The salsa was nice and flavorful, but not spicy.
I ordered the cochinita pibil, which is a pork dish with a whole bunch of other stuff thrown in: Mexican rice, black beans, pickled onions, and a baked banana. The pork was tender, but not that flavorful, most of the flavor came from the fatty pieces. Everything else was pretty good, although I think a plantain would've been better than a banana.
Definitely would go back to try something else, or atleast to see if i can get the salsa bottled to go.Very very good Mexican restaurant from an unexpected gem! Reasonable prices, fresh specials and quaint little dining location.We dropped in here after a quick search looking for a nearby restaurant that we could walk to. Great that it is a BYOB and close by but the food is not worth the price in my opinion. I had the scallop entree (which I get a lot at restaurants) which came with 4 jumbo seared scallops and some mango relish and a little scoop of Spanish 
rice lacking in flavor. This all for over $20.00. It was a relatively tasteless and unimaginative. The scallops where cooked perfectly but I still left the restaurant feeling very unsatisfied and not feeling full enough to justify the price of the entree. I can appreciate simplicity with food but that does not mean forgoing flavor and substance.Very good BYOB. The appetizers were fantastic, and main dishes very good. I had the soft shell crabs, and they were very good. Service was great. Very tough to find the first time, and tough to park, but worth it.Went here on a Sunday for brunch and was totally turned off by the service. The food was delicious but the waiter ruined the dining experience. Don't come with a large party!We ordered delivery, living less than half a mile away. It took two hours for our food to arrive. When we finally got it, the food was ice cold. On top of that, the food was bland and extremely poor quality. Worst mole sauce I have ever had. I will not be ordering from here ever again.Please file this under "I meant to review their good dinner, glad I waited to review their AMAZING brunch"
Isabel gets a bad rap because they are located in a condo building (seriously guys, can't you put up a little signage?) but you don't really feel like that once you're inside. 
Been here twice for dinner and thought it was a solid 4 stars, including service, price and food. Stopped back here the other day for brunch and WOW it's going to be hard to top that one! Order the huevos rancheros and you'll be a happy camper.Im a sucker for BYOB.  Isabel was a google search Mexican find.  The restaurant was plain and oddly shaped but had some charm.  The service was slow at first but swiftly picked up.  The restaurant was crowded and everyone seemed to be enjoying the fare.  I had a pollo enchilanda and it was great seasoned well.  Overall a 4 star place.Yikes.
I really wanted to like this place but from the moment I walked in I knew it was going to be difficult.
Our waitress really ruined things for us. She did not smile at all. Not once. The entire time. My boyfriend even tried to crack a couple jokes with her but she carried on as if we weren't even speaking. Even when we said "thank you" we never got a "your welcome" in reply. Look, I understand we all have bad days, but come ON.
I honestly have no idea why. We are your average looking couple and were perfectly pleasant as we always are to waitstaff. We ended up mentioning our displeasure to the manager at the end of the meal.
Now for the food... eesh.
We ordered the guacamole for our appetizer. The portion was enormous and the taste...well, not so much. It had just enough salt (nothing worse than over salted guac) but could have used more lime and cilantro.
As far as my entree... I'm pretty sure my entire plate was microwaved. I ordered the beef shoulder and it was tough and chewy. The sauce was really enjoyable but obviously didn't make up for the texture of the meat. The fried plantain turned to mush as I tried to cut it and the rice and beans were bland.
My boyfriend ordered a steak and while it wasn't bad, it wasn't anything special.
There are way better Mexican choices in Philadelphia. Needless to say, we won't be back.The prices and service are a little off but the amazing food makes up for all of that! The black currant mix is really good and the short rib tacos are beyond delicious!Went back to try brunch with a friend.  Sat outside on a lovely day.  Quick service, decent coffee, and a generously-sized well-made Huevos Rancheros.  Friend liked her dish too, but can't remember what she got.  Will go back to try the pancakes (blueberry ricotta, I think).  Still a fan.We tried a take away one night and weren't very impressed at all. The fiery habanero salsa is flavorless and not in anyway spicy. The jumbo shrimp burrito is very bland and almost all beans. The king nachos were also a let down. Guacamole was very tasty. Mushrooms enchilada flavor was very overpowering... after reading a lot of good reviews we thought we'd try it but it was a big let down.About 6 months or so ago, us Fairmounters were griping about needing a good Mexican joint in the neighborhood.  Shortly after, our demands were met with not one but TWO Mexican joints, Isabel and La Calaca Feliz.  
Thanks to Groupon and my doting boo, we finally got a chance to check out the BYOB Isabel on a Monday night.  The restaurant is very small and had only one waitress working but she handled all the tables like a pro.  It was pretty crowded for a Monday but that's the power of Groupon.  
As they were out of the scallops, I ordered the ceviche tacos.  Boo had the shrimp and crab enchiladas, and we split the appetizer of crab guacamole.  The guac was good, but the crab was very teensy.  We didn't really mind because it was still covered by our groupon.  We munched on the complementary chips and salsa, using the remaining chips to shovel guac into our faces.  
I was wary of my ceviche tacos...once I make up my mind to order something and I'm told I can't, my world is thrown and I can't make a decision.  The ceviche of the day was tilapia and it was refreshing in taco form.  Boo's enchiladas were creamy, hot, and seafoody with a small hint of spice. 
We finished the dinner with the much raved about bread pudding that we ordered technology style...off an IPAD.  As the boo says, we are dining in 2012.  The bread pudding, on the other hand, was an old fashioned classic fave.  Served warm topped with toffee flavored ice cream, it came with little pools of dark and white chocolate.  We waddled home happily.Surprisingly solid for being randomly located in the lobby of a condo building.  This BYOB is right across the street from the Art Museum and just down the block from the Perelman Center, so get your culture fix and then grab some grub at Isabel.  We came here for brunch on Sunday.  Breakfast Guacamole, holy guacamole, this is simply genius!  Hardboiled egg and thick crunchy crumbles of bacon mixed in with top notch house-made guacamole on thick slices of toast - totally inspired.  I ignored the envious stares at my glorious green goodness and gobbled this down in seconds.
Other choices enjoyed by my brunch companions were the huge-newborn-baby-sized breakfast burritos filled with yummy things like chorizo and carmelized onions and a Mexican version of the classic grilled cheese (quesadilla) and tomato soup (tomatoey tortilla soup).  Another great attribute - you get a lot of bang for your buck - prices are super-reasonable for such good portions and uber-fresh ingredients.  The dessert case looked tempting, but we were all stuffed - Tres Leches cake first on our next visit.I had my third dining experience at Isabel's last evening and it proved to be as disappointing as the previous two visits.
Restaurant was half full. After our orders were taken our server was on the phone for at  least fifteen minutes taking a call in order. After she hung up she brought our chips and salsa. It took another 45 minutes for the food to come out. This was the same experience on previous visits.
I won't even go into the food.
No more dining at Isabel for me.Haven't been disappointed yet - I'm also excited to check out the new expanded menu.  I wish I could put chorizo on everything.Overall good dining experience. Our waitress was very pleasant and kept the chips and salsa coming.  I could eat the salsa by itself as a gazpacho. Both soups on the menu were great. I'm not sure how I feel about the Thai basil burrito, but I respect the creativity.   
I would eat here any day over our other Mexican establishment in the neighborhood.We visited Isabels for my birthday with a group of 6. I read the reviews and I was really impressed however readers beware things are not always as they seem on yelp. The restaurant was ridiculously small, which would've been fine if it wasn't for the tacky 1980s glass blocks that acted as a wall between the dining area and the lobby to an apt building. There was absolutely no ambience. It reminded me of a diner. It was close to 86 degrees (we were sitting next to the thermostat) and we could see into the kitchen. Not appealing. 
We had made reservations so thankfully we didn't have to wait long to be seated however that would be the only "short wait" of the night. once we sat down we waited for over 20 mins just for our waitress to come and greet us. No menus no water no glasses for our wine. After we asked multiple times for water and glasses we were told the wine glasses had to be washed and that they had ran out of menus...what? 
Now I will say that there was only 2 servers for the entire place so I guess slower service was to be expected. I tend to think that an 1:45 min wait for our entrée is a bit much. thank god we got appetizers otherwise I probably would've left. I would like to note that the food was actually excellent, which was probably the most frustrating part about the whole thing. Every other aspect of this establishment ruined what would have been a really great experience. 
Finally it came time for dessert, which was presented to us on an ipad. I understand going green and what not but I would much prefer to read a description rather than see a quick 30 sec slideshow with some pictures that look nothing like what I actually got on my plate. 
overall I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.What can I say other than AMAZING. This is the kind of 'hole-in-the-wall" treasure I've been trying to find in Philly since I moved here about a year ago. We only found this place through a Groupon, because, honestly, driving by I would have NEVER stepped foot inside (it's in a condo building, go figure). So glad we tried it though.
We got the queso with delicious chorizo crumbles. Sea scallops and "drunken Chicken" for dinner. And the most delicious, delectable, gooey, sweet, warm bread pudding I've ever had in my entire life. 
Service was great, owner was talkative, kitchen was busy. Overall it was the best treasure I've found in the city.
Just make a reservation because they were booked up. We will be back PLENTY of times.We enjoyed our meal overall, but there were a few misses...
Highlights:
-Steak Quesadilla - delish
-Shrimp+Crab Empanada
-Scallops Entree
-Skirt Steak
-Beans
-Guac
-Chips+Salsa
-Loved the iPad presentation of the Desserts!! Fun!!
Misses:
-Mahi mahi special was a bomb and not in the good way - Bland, undercooked and tasteless
-Diablo Scallops+Shrimp - good but too spicy (and believe me I like spicy!!)
Rice - Mediocre at best. Too light and fluffy, I like rice with substance.
Neutral (not bad, not particularly great):
-Service - The waitress was a little slow--(the busboy was great)--and definitely not attentive as I like and left us sitting just a little too long. After the sitting period and the initial order was taken, it picked up.
-Desserts were just okay. I have read reviews where people loved the Bread Pudding. Meh. Toffee topping was good and the Tres Leches Cake was moist but didnt knock my socks off...
We would likely go back with a bottle of wine and sit at the counter and get the Guac + an App. for a cheap date (and a few surefire winners)...After googling BYOs in Fairmount, we decided to try Isabel for our New Years Eve dinner. Good service, decent food, and fantastic dessert.
I absolutely recommend that you bring tequila for the guava margarita mixer. It is very tasty! We ordered regular guacamole for an appetizer, the homemade tortilla chips were great. The entrees were the most disappointing part of the meal. I ordered the Cochinita Pibil (pork shoulder) while my dining buddy had the Drunken Chicken. The meat was good, but the sides were just OK. I firmly believe the grilled banana that came with my meal should be served with every meal, because it is delicious. The dessert was absolutely amazing. Save room for the bread pudding and if you have more vacancy in your belly, the dulce de leche is also top notch.
As one of the other yelp reviews I read indicated, the place has poor ventilation. My parka wreaked of Mexican food for about a week after I dined there. 
Overall, a decent meal for a reasonable price. I will definitely be back again for brunch.this place is gross. The margaritas were ok. the service wasn't good. We ordered the guacamole that was supposed to have crabmeat in it, and do not let them fool you, the crab meat was a "garnish" at best and it was way over priced - completely insulting!
The chicken tacos were horrible and doused in sauce, there wasn't a lot of chicken with the peppers and onions. my bf got the pulled pork burrito and there were CHUNKS of hard meat "beef" in it. Overall, I'd never go back and I think people should re-evaluate choosing a night out at this place.What a great restaurant!! I'm a regular customer and I haven't had a bad meal there yet.  I love to go for dinner and they have the best brunch in the area.  I love the variety of specials, in fact I think they make some of the best fish that I have ever had.  Mike, the owner and chef, is always open to suggestions and in fact, has added specials to the menu at my request.  The french toast and breakfast quesadilla are top of the line at the sunday brunch and the prices are extremely reasonable.  I love this restaurant so much, I have booked it for a party of ten for my birthday.  Mike is making me a special cake for my birthday.  The waitstaff are great too.  Sara and Patrick are great as is Mike.I really wanted to like this place, because it's right by my house, but I didn't. We got tacos. They came as a pile of meat and a couple of tortillas with a very bland assortment of sides--shredded iceberg, sour cream, cheese, and a tragically small pile of chopped tomatoes. My date's skirt steak had a good spice, but my carnitas were just really dull. For $16 tacos, you expect more. 
And the service was very friendly, but the place has a serious ventilation problem. A smoky haze drifts from the open kitchen into the dining room and puts a major damper on the atmosphere.It's been a long time since I've been to a restaurant that had me thinking about their food way into the next day. Isabel is the first in a long time.
Thanks to Groupon, I was introduced to this Mexican style restaurant. I must warn you, it's a very small establishment that we probably would have passed if we weren't looking for it. The mister and I went on a Friday night with a reservation and it wasn't crowded at all. Major plus! 
The complimentary salsa and chips were top notch. I don't think I've ever encountered salsa that good that wasn't homemade. We scraped the bowl clean.
For appetizer, I had the Queso de Freir (fried cheese). Unlike many fried cheeses I've had in the past, it was not at all greasy or too burnt. It was just right. It was served with a white dip, but the cheese was good without it. The dip neither added nor took away anything. The mister had nachos that were pretty good as well. 
For our main entrees, I had the pork shoulder with rice, beans, fried banana, and salad. Though the fried banana was very tasty, it tasted more like a pastry than something to add to a main dish. I skipped it. The pork shoulder was *OMG close your eyes and think of heaven* GOOD! I'm not even a fan of pork but this dish was divine! Hubby had steak tacos that were okay. Not bad at all, but nothing to write home about either.
Our desserts made up for his unremarkable entree. He had the chocolate mousse, which was probably the best chocolate mousse either of us have ever had. wow! I had the bread pudding served with icecream that was also amazing. It was perfect. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
This is definitely a place we'll be returning to and making a favorite of ours. If you haven't been yet, GO! You're missing out!Really good Mexican  food here. My favorites are chiles rellenos, crab empanadas, and cochinita pibil (which seems to be a special whenever I go--they should just put it on the menu). You get an ample serving of chips and salsa when you sit down, and you could just eat them and not be hungry b/c they're so good, so don't overdo it. I don't drink tequila so I can't comment on the mixers. 
Service has always been good for me, but if it's really busy I don't expect them to just be taking care of me. But that's just me. I'm not a child so I don't have unreasonable expectations. And here's a tip: if you show up with a party of 12, just know that there's going to be a little delay in the food coming out. Unless you want your food raw, be patient, and try not to get your sensitive feelings hurt because you have to wait a few minutes. Try relaxing and not be such a dick about everything.BYOB, Pork Belly Burrito, Fresh Guacamole, enough said!My husband and I love this restaurant.  We live in Fairmount and were delighted to see a small Mexican restaurant open in a location which has had eating establishments come and go.  Isabel is a jewel.  We have probably been to Isabel six or seven times and have never been disappointed.  The staff is friendly and attentive and the food always seems to be authentic and well prepared. They are on the top of their game during the week when the restaurant is not as crowded as the weekends.  We love Isabel and wish them nothing but continued success.Isabel is a great little hidden gem of a Mexican BYO. You can bring your own tequila and get a pitcher of margaritas made in house. My favorite dish on the menu would hands down be their fish tacos!"Are you sure the address is 2601 Pennsylvania Avenue?" - my friend incredulously asking me as we were coming here for dinner for the first time.
Yes, the location is oddly in a condo but that's really the least of your concerns.
1. Very satisfying food. The minute I saw the crab and shrimp enchiladas in jalapeno sauce, I was sold. And it didn't disappoint. Prior to that, we stuffed our faces with the appetizers. The free salsa and chips is one of the best I've had.
2.  Excellent service - friendly and attentive. It's also an open kitchen so it feels homey and the chefs are friendly too.
3. Umm, did I mention it's a BYO? 
4. Simple and cute decor.
We were simply too stuffed to eat the dessert but I like that they show pictures of the dessert options on an ipad (nice marketing, guys, me likey!)
Versatile location/space for a small group gathering yet intimate enough for a date.
Enjoy!As a resident of this building, I have been waiting a long time for Isabel to open. We checked it out last Friday and I'm looking forward to eating here many more times in the future. 
It's a small space, about 30 seats, but there is a nice bar area that overlooks the kitchen. I wish they had outdoor tables set up since the weather has been so nice! 
Lots of friendly servers who were helpful and attentive. We brought a bottle of tequila and they brought us a pitcher of margarita mix for $6. 
I had the guacamole, which was excellent. I just wish there were more chips! My husband had the queso fundido which he enjoyed, especially with the homemade warm tortillas. I had the crab/shrimp enchilada special with black beans and rice. It was very filling. My husband had the carnitas tacos which he enjoyed. 
It's not a "cheap" Mexican place, so don't come in expecting that. But you get a lot of food for the price and it's all very good. 
Be warned - take SEPTA (the 32 stops just outside) or walk. Parking is an absolute nightmare at night and you'll save yourself some aggravation. 
As of right now, it's Cash only, but they will eventually accept credit cards.Food was good, decor good, service B- (very rushed, disorganized) and we were made to wait although we had made a reservation. 
Also, my dining partner ordered the scallops, and was up vomiting in the night.
I had the pork, which was delicious at mealtime and as leftovers, and I did not have any vomiting.
Many dessert items were sold out at 8pm on a Friday night, but the key lime pie and carrot cake were excellent, and also did not appear to cause any vomiting.BYOT(equila) for margheritas (and BYO wine for sangria), this is a great lil'Mexican joint with no sign outside (other than the square tables and chairs in good weather) marking its presence. Although the service was on the slow end, it wasn't unforgivably so, and the food (cooked in an open kitchen) more than made up for it.
Appetizer-wise, that was some fantastic guacamole (with pica de gallo--not spicy) and in-house made chips. The crab quesadilla was well liked, as were the Mexican Style Beef Tips, Pan Seared Rib Eye. And I truly enjoyed the Especial Pork Belly tacos (man I love pineapple mixed with spicy elements!). However, the star order of the night was the Cochinita Pibil. Something about the slight cinnamon, cumin, tomato sauce just clinched it (the chef wouldn't share the recipe, but that's understandable).
Will definitely return!Worst margaritas of my entire life. I was so excited to try the pomegranate ones. They were ridiculously sour I couldn't even finish 1/4 of my glass. Food was pretty good but the margaritas ruined the night.I first heard of this restaurant through Groupon. I didn't buy the Groupon, but proceeded to look up the restaurant and read reviews. The reviews were a mix. The website looked good and I decided to give Isabel a visit with my two friends.
The first strange part about this restaurant is that it is located in an apartment building. No signage either. The website is swanky whereas the restaurant looks like a worn down cafeteria. The kitchen is open and the tables are placed around the remaining space haphazardly. 
Second problem, if you have to go to the bathroom you have to walk out of the restaurant and into the apartment building. Then you have to walk down the long lobby of the apartment building and utilize their public bathrooms. Just strange. 
Food: We ordered the chips and guacamole which were good. The rest of the meal - really not good. We ordered the special with short rib and received chewy meat and frozen veggies. We also ordered the shrimp and crab enchilada. Too creamy and no crab or shrimp. Really surprisingly bad.
 I won't go back as there are plenty of Mexican restaurants that are much better in the city. Isabel - get your act together!