The food is good, just be careful if you get something delivered when not using Grubhub. I called to have something delivered and added tip over the phone. The driver came to my door trying to get another tip out of me and became combative when I explained that I already paid a tip - even when showing him the receipt on the box that had a tip added.Ok folks, it's been a while since my last review, but Isabella Pizza has me coming back to Yelp. After having a child, my dining experiences have been limited. My husband and I find ourselves ordering take-out much more frequently than we used to. 
Finding Isabella Pizza was like a god-send. This place has the absolute freshest ingredients you could imagine! So often when you order take-out you get the generic over processed chicken which tastes like fake chicken - you know what I'm talking about- it's gross. Isabella's chicken is exactly like the chicken I would make for myself at home. Their salads are so fresh - every single veggie is crisp and delicious. 
The pizza - omg - the pizza! We have tried a few different pizzas - each time the ingredients have been extremely fresh and delicious. If you get veggies on your pizza like my husband does - you'll notice that they are still crisp to taste which is very reassuring that you're not eating frozen/reheated pizza. 
I absolutely recommend Isabella Pizza - they are our new #1 go to pizza place!Ordered a large meat pizza via GrubHub over the weekend.  Pizza arrived at my house quickly.  I care about good pizza sauce (and plenty of it) and Isabella's delivered.  Quality meats on the pie, good cheese and a tasty crust.  
Over the last couple months I've been sampling the different Pizza shops in Passyunk and this is at or near the top.  Would definately order from again; their menu is vast.i placed a grubhub order for delivery TWO hours ago, for a sandwich and fries. i got an update text from grubhub at 2:22 saying that my order should be delivered around 2:35. at 2:55, i called isabella, and the woman on the phone said that the driver had just left, and they were backed up on deliveries, so she didn't know how long it would be. at 3:20, i called back and she still couldn't give me an ETA, nor could she cancel the delivery because the driver was already out with the food. 
i contacted grubhub, who was awesome and refunded my purchase, and cancelled my order with the restaurant. needless to say, i won't be ordering here again. i understand being backordered, but keep your customers in the know if you are running an hour and a half (or more) behind.I get that were now approaching winter, but we had one hot summer. And every hot day I made it to Isabellas I was soaked in sweat in 30 seconds standing in there. 
There was no air conditioning ever, not even a single fan did I notice to create some air slow. Hot dripping employees slay over those grills and register. So I kept it simple and ordered lots of sodas and shakes.
To often was I told there was no ice cream for milkshakes, and they have *Real Milkshakes in bold on the menu as though it's a specialty. It's frustrating when your asking often and nobody cares.
The food is cooked, done. But not tlc here. Not much flavor in the food, and I find that thier fried stuff is over cooked. The food is quality and it's an 'okay' spot to eat.. but I think they need to taste thier own food more often. 
Speed seems to be gain here. You'll get your food fast, it just will lack flavor. When they do have ice cream, the Milkshakes are amazing.
I don't even think they have a sign. WierdPizza delivery order.
An hour and a half later no pizza.
Called at an hour and 15 was told it would be right there.
Called back at an hour 40 minutes for refund. Zero apology.
TerribleI have only ordered here once and I usually don't leave such a high review for a one time experience but I have to say how impressed I was. I am very wary of ordering salads from Pizza places, especially with chicken on them because a bad piece of chicken can ruin the meal for me. 
I ordered the Bella Grilled Chicken Salad because I was in the mood for greenery. It consists of mixed greens, candied walnuts, cranberries, and your choice of goat or feta cheese. I ordered it sans dressing (I'm just not a dressing fan) and with the feta cheese. Their delivery was super fast and I was SO impressed. The salad was fresh, the chicken was very well prepared, and the feta was just amazing with the other elements.
I loved it and I also loved the huge portion - I took half of it home and made a second meal of it! I will definitely be ordering from Isabella again!Absolutely awful !! Cheap products used, no effort even appeared to be put into the preparation of this meal. Will never ever order from here again. Fries were terrible and we ordered a few different ones - chili cheese fries, fries with brown gravy and pizza fries. Chicken cheesesteak was slapped together and it wasn't shredded. Just pieces of chicken. What u would use in a salad !!Ordered for delivery... ordered fried eggplant parm extra sauce on the side. & chicken fingers.. the eggplant was not even cooked or fried and I think it may have been the first layer of the eggplant, the bread was hard yet soft like it was stale and they microwaved it.. the sauce OMG! Disgusting!!! I think they have a new cook because it taste like acid, & the cheese tasted like rubber. The whole sandwich was old and dry.... the chicken fingers were totally burnt! They really fell off! My family and i will never order from here again..Love Isabella. Love that it's a block away. Love their daily specials. Absolute favorite is the whole wheat stromboli! Allows me to trick myself into thinking I'm eating healthy :)DO NOT GO HERE!!! They are very unprofessional and shady...I wanna give them a negative 5 stars if I could. There's way better food and service elsewhere.In the pizza mecca that is greater P'unk Ave., it's easy to forget about Isabella's. They don't have the fancy panache of Birra, or the reputation of Marra's, or the NY-style of Francoluigi's (or so says my opinionated LI-born girlfriend). They don't really have a "gimmick", so they fly under the radar a lot. For as much as we eat pizza, we haven't paid them much mind--until now.
We happened to order from them a couple of times recently, and our expectations were exceeded both times. Good pizza, very good calzones (again, so says my calzone expert gf), excellent wings. Even their salads are huge and delicious. With their large menu of tantalizing junk food, we might have found our new go-to for gluttony.Isabella's is delicious. Their pizza has just the right amount of cheese and a nice sweet sauce. I especially love their breakfast pizza and that they have breakfast all day. Fast and polite delivery.As far as Philly pizza goes,  this is a pretty solid pizza joint. We've ordered here several times and I don't think we've been disappointed. I'm not saying it's the city's best pizza but it's still good. Their strombolis are pretty good too (and MASSIVE). 
The other night I decided I wanted something different, so while my husband got a stromboli, I went for the veggie Alfredo and meatballs on the side. The good news: the portion of linguini is enormous and I was able to split it into two (almost three) smaller meals. Although I didn't know the meatballs came with red sauce, I wasn't unhappy with that. The meatballs were juicy, not at all dry, and the sauce it came in was very good.
The bad news: the Alfredo sauce didn't taste at all seasoned (no salt) or that it even had parmesean cheese. It tasted like straight up heavy cream and butter, which for those who don't cook or know better, that isn't Alfredo sauce. I ended up adding a lot of parm cheese and seasoned with salt and white pepper. It was really disappointing.
So, while Isabella's is good as a pizza joint, I would probably avoid all the other dishes (although, they might have a good spaghetti and meatballs).We ordered the regular seitan cheesesteak and the buffalo cheesesteak. Delivery was fast, the food was fresh and hot, and I think these are better than a lot of seitan cheesesteaks I've had. I will totally get these again!This is my go-to neighborhood pizza spot and for good reason. Every single time I order a pizza from them (which is all I order), I am amazed at how well they've harnessed the technology of the 21st century. Their online ordering experience is the best electronic ordering experiences I've ever had. 
Whether it's Friday dinner time or Tuesday lunch, I have never waited longer than 30 minutes for my pizza, which is impressive. Sometimes pickup can be a bit more blunt than those from outside of Philly might be used to, but never unfriendly.
The food is always very consistent and quite good. My personal favorite would have to be the fig and prosciutto pizza - delicious! 
My only critique would be the seating area. It seems to have been "under construction" for a while, with little results. Either way, I'm just as happy eating my pizza at home.I refuse to read or believe any bad review about this place. I've ordered from here a few times now, anytime it's my choice where to order I pick here no hesitation. The food is amazing and a big variety. I've had everything from pasta, sandwiches, and salads and everything has been great. They're not expensive and those salads can feed a family of 5! Oh and delivery is relatively fast and the staff are all a pleasure. Enough gushing, 5 stars.Isabella pizza just broke my heart. I've been ordering from there at least once a month for the past 3 years. The food is always great and the delivery is usually on time give or take a few minutes. But I ordered today and after waiting an hour and 15 minutes, I called to see when it would be arriving. The person I spoke to was rude and said all she knew was that it already left and before I could say another word she hung up on me. I called back and spoke to someone else who said they were busy and he'd say something to the person about hanging up. No apologies.  After waiting another 35 minutes, it finally arrived lukewarm. The delivery person said she could send it back and they'd remake it. But I had a very hungry child and couldn't imagine waiting another hour and 45 minutes to feed her. So I just reheated it.  I understand that these things happen sometimes and wasn't going to leave a review, until I read some other reviews. Apparently these things happen a lot at Isabella Pizza. I had just been lucky with my past orders. The management really needs to know what's going on and do something about it. I'm so disappointed because this was one of my favorite delivery spots. But no matter how good the food is, if you run your business this way, you won't be getting my business.I went to this place twice in the past month. both times same result . BAD FOOD BAD SERVICE! the mussels are bland , chicken taste very cheap, the salads my buddy and I had to send back because they had a lot of brown in there. the table we sat at was not wiped. when we walked in, three people that worked there were looking at a phone laughing , ignoring me standing there waiting to order. here is the funny part. when you go to order, there is no counter room to place an order! I had to move a bucket of straws , napkin holders, etc. just to place an order.. very disorganized. not clean at all! service is a complete joke. food both times was horrible. cherry on the cake, 15 dollars for a chicken sandwich and side salad????  I have been living in south Philadelphia 43 years . I know the good places from the bad. this place is bad!! spend your hard earned money somewhere elseThe pizza is really good here. We spent more than a year trying to find good pizza in South Philly and Isabella has now become our go-to. It's not as good as, say, Santucci's (but what is?), but it's a bit less expensive and thus a stellar option for a regular, low-key delivery night.Not bad for takeout/delivery.  The chicken cheesesteak hoagie is really good, probably top 3 I've had (better than Ishkabibbles atmo).  Stromboli ain't really a stromboli, more of the calzone posing as one, but still pretty solid.  
A+ fast shipping, great communication, would recommend!I ordered at 10:15 PM a pizza that took 1 hour and 30 minutes to arrive. I am 1.2 miles from this place. Think about that before ordering. What do you do when the guy shows up and demands money and the place was been closed for 45 minutes and your food is all cold. You never order again. We all know what happened. I was the last order so I get the cold pizza for the last delivery of the night. Now you don't get a several times a month customer.My husband and I ordered in last night and I was thoroughly impressed by the healthier options Isabella offers. We ordered a small wheat crust tomato pie (not my favorite -because I'm a tpie snob- but it definitely satisfied my craving), a buffalo seitan cheesesteak, I was thoroughly impressed and my husband scarfed half of it down in a matter of minutes, and a grilled chicken salad (chicken was seasoned well, salad included hardboiled egg, bell pepper, plump plum tomatoes). Best part is we have tons of left overs in the fridge to enjoy. I ordered online and got 10% off plus it said it would take an hour but was ready at our door in 15 minutes. Win Win.Good pizza! Next time I'll order thin crust as a personal preference but the margarita pizza is amazing! The flavors are so good. I added prosciutto to mine, and it was awesome! I highly recommend this place for a solid pizza in the area. The only thing I wish they had was crushed garlic as a topping.I ordered food from Isabella Pizza just now through grubhub, the delivery was quick but the food was terrible. Don't get the calamari, the quality is not worth it at all. The Greek salad I got was decent though it was basic, the steak on it was dry, hard and hardly had any flavor. The Oreo cake was inedible, so gross. They couldn't even get the drink right, it had some terrible chemical aftertaste. I'm pretty disappointed :/I'm always unsure if what I am eating is as good as I think it is after a couple of beers. Make that four beers, and I am even less sure. Or was it five? Hell, I lost track. And, I got hungry. What better than some late night pizza to take that beer flavor out of your mouth? Yeah, so I slapped a slice down my pipes. It was pretty good, I think?I am sorta obsessed with their pizza. I have only ever had the plain slices so that's what I am giving a 5 star review and that's all I am reviewing. I get my hair done on this street and the whole time I am there I am thinking about this pizza! Out in the burbs there is nothing remotely close to being as good as this - I wish there was! I usually get two slices of plain and I sit inside or sometimes out. The girls that work there are always really nice and friendly and nothing is overpriced. I think I pay around $5 for a water and two slices. I think I wanna try the Special Hoagie next bc I love hoagies and I see some reviews here say it is good. But try the pizza! You won't be disappointed!Was craving pancakes. Worst thing I could have done was get them from here. Hard, dense, and overpowering salt anf flour flavor. Ive ordered a bunch of things from here over the years, but never again.Isabella's gets three stars from me because their food is generally reliable. The chicken fingers could be seasoned better, but you can tell they are made in house. Sometimes the pasta is overcooked, but the flavor is good. I wanted to try something different tonight so I ordered boneless wings and curly fries. The food was barely warm when it arrived but I ordered on a Saturday night, I deserved that. The boneless wings, though? Kinda gross. Ever get the buffalo bites at Wawa? Yeah, pretty sure they came from the same distributor. Chopped and formed chicken bits shaped into balls, fried and tossed in wing sauce. When I hear boneless wings, I think chicken fingers in wing sauce or even just small pieces of chicken tossed in the fryer and mixed with wing sauce. This was just gross and at $8.50 for 10 small, random, mushy chicken balls, waaaay over priced. You still have my business, Isabella, but your boneless wings suck. Hard.Holy crap! I wasn't expecting this place to have so many negative reviews! 
While I haven't had them for some time (6 months or so)  They were always one of my go-to places in S. Philly.Having just moved to South Philly on the 5th of Feb., this was the first pizza/steak/hoagie joint I have tried. My roomies (who are longtime South Philadelphians) ordered from this place the day I moved in. We had both lunch and dinner delivered on that cold, rainy day.
For lunch I had the Bella Special Hoagie (Prosciutto, Soppresata, Capicolla, Roasted Peppers, Sharp Provolone Cheese, Tomato and Olive Oil) and it was delicious. I am not a fan of Roasted Peppers, so I requested them on the side. Well let me tell you -- I am for sure a fan of Isabella's roasted red peppers. They have a ton of garlic in them and are just so fresh and delicious! I also shared some Garlic Butter wings (breaded and unbreaded; I prefer breaded) with one of the roomies and enjoyed every minute of it. OMG I could eat that garlic mixture by itself, it was so good!
For dinner (which was much later in the evening), I ordered a Texas Tommy (I think I was 8 when I had it last) and garlic fries. While the Texas Tommy was superb (lots of bacon! YUM!), the garlic fries were super soggy and oily. I still ate them thanks to the loads of garlic! :) I will never pass up anything overloaded with garlic. 
So for twice in one day, I was really spoiled. The Bella Special was delicious, the wings were yummy and dinner was good!!
I have since ordered their regular Italian Hoagie and fried calamari. The last time I ordered fried calamari from a take out place, it was Big Daddy's Pizza in the NE and the calamari gave me nightmares. Here, at Isabella's, they are fresh rings of calamari with the most delicious breading EVER. And their marinara is quite tasty! Also I have to give a big thumbs up to the hoagie rolls. I don't know if they're delivered or baked on the premises, but they're the right combination of chewy, soft with just a little bit of crunch & the lovely taste of sesame seeds.
And how could I forget the Tomato Bisque soup!! Roomie ordered a quart and I had a spoonful. I was in love. LOVE LOVE LOVED this soup. Thankfully there was enough left over and I was able to finish it off. It's creamy  but once in a while you'll get a nice chunk of tomato. It also has a subtle kick of something spicy.. Maybe crushed red pepper? Whatever it is, it works and this soup is fucking GREAT!
Granted I am new to the area, so I have yet to check out other places, but Isabella Pizza gets 5 stars and a thumbs up from me. Plus, delivery was super fast!I pretty much order from here for lunch on the regular now. The order taker on the phone is always really nice, as is whatever given delivery person that comes to my door. It always gets to my house promptly and delivery is free with no minimum.
The food isn't super, mindblowingly fantastic, but pretty good with great service and reasonable pricing. It's always delivered "within the hour" as stated.Good stuff guys.. got delivery.. it was timely.. good crust, sauce. Will get it again.. between this place and Pesto Pizzeria on Broad, these are my two Northern-South Philly go-to'sOrdered a small tomato pie with veggies. I got a wheat crust. It took 40 mins and it was so good. Would definitely order from here again.I wish Isabella's had some kind of loyalty program because it's the only pizza place I order from. It's not the be all end all of pizza, but it's damn good. (I highly suggest getting fried eggplant as a topping. You'll never go back to pepperoni again.) The specialty pizzas are consistently stellar and, unlike a lot of other pizza places, there are a lot of vegetarian options. I might not eat meat, but I do like to get fancy with my pizza once in a while. The strombolis and calzones are also pretty good - enough crust that it stays together and enough cheese that I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off.
Their non-pizza offerings can be hit or miss. The cheese fries are great, but the Old Bay fries are overseasoned. I had a pretty gross Italian tuna hoagie, but their seitan cheesesteak is on par with Govinda's. The pasta is usually pretty good but the sauce (especially if it's a cream sauce) can be watery. I'm a big fan of their milkshakes; they have a lot of flavors of ice cream so you can get creative.Gave it 2 chances - threw menu in recycling bin. Delivery takes too long. Not enough cheese or toppings. I ordered the Supreme - it costs more than a "1 topping" yet there's about the same volume of toppings as a "1 topping". But I love pizza so 2 stars it is.Right around the corner from my buddies place. Tried the breakfast pizza and the fried Oreos last night. Both items were awesome! They seem to do all day breakfast, which is great. I can't comment much on the delivery experience or the service since we picked up, but I would return for that pizza alone.I stopped in here to grab a few slices and some chicken fingers for my daughter. The slices were big and delicious and the chicken was fresh. The girl was very nice however the guy who labeled himself as "the pizza guy" was a little creepy. I would go back though because the food was good. Or at least what I had was. They need to get a better sign. We walked buy it numerous times before knowing it was a pizza place.Wonderful Italian pasta dishes. Wide variety of menu items to choose from, so you're sure to find something to satisfy your hunger. Do yourself a favor and check​this place out.Good wholesome Italian food. I've had from Fish(flounder in Lemon caper butter white wine sauce) with penne to chicken parm, with spaghetti in a pamodoore(red) sauce, hoagies, ect. My favorite place in Passyunk square area as take out. Nothing like Pesto or Pallidinos restaurante those are full $$$ places. But I likeGreat Hawaiian pizza. A must try. The slices of their 16" pie is large. Everything else is just ok.Safest bet is to stick with the pizza. Their cheesesteaks are way too greasy (soaks through the roll upon receiving) and their turkey in their club tastes like it is from the prepackaged stuff in cvs. Pizza is aight if Marra's isn't open.I am a sucker for a sweet Hawaiian pie, and Isabella Pizza consistently whips up a Hawaii Five O Pizza quickly and deliciously. Their prep times are a bit faster than other shops on Passyunk, and you can't go wrong here if you're looking for basic pies. Most places in the area charge more overall, even for a traditional style. 
I've only had one or two other styles here to be honest (but it's only because the Hawaiian is so good!) but they've been absolutely tasty and a great value in Passyunk.
Crust is on the doughy/fluffy side, which I often personally prefer, but it's always got a great texture and slightly crunch to it well. I think they just really know their dough!
I live nearby so I've never bothered with delivery (why not use that body that's about to ingest greasy deliciousness - and go get it yourself for a 20 minute turnaround during off-peak hours)Contrary to what I said before, did order from Isabella's again. And the delivery has been perfect. Nothing incorrect and early every time,I remember when Isabella's first opened; the food was delicious and the people who worked there were very friendly.  Now, it's just OK.
I stopped in the other night to get an ice cream cone, and asked for a sugar cone.  What I got was a waffle cone.  I was tired, so didn't address the issue, but I think I' going to look around for another place to get ice cream.Good food, but be careful about ordering late. Fiancee and I had always been fine with their delivery, but on one recent occasion, ordered a calzone and small stromboli and received an individual stromboli instead. Made the mistake of not checking until I was inside, and could do nothing about it, since the place was already closed.
Next delivery order, made the same order. First, the delivery driver gave me one correct box but one box that was someone else's order. After making sure he had that one back, opened my order, and the calzone was there; the stromboli wasn't. Again, since the place was already closed, nothing to be done. Will not be ordering from Isabella's again.I had to call and check on the delivery order after an hour and half. They had the wrong phone number and must have knocked on the wrong door because we had to give the delivery guy directions when he called us during the second delivery attempt. Sometimes mistakes are made and this would all have been fine if the $17+ pizza had been good when it was finally delivered...but it was not. It was dry and sad.Yuk. Closed for health violations.
Someone wrote a previous review which included a picture of their Tira misu with mold on it.  Never, ever would I patronize this place
Too many red flags!Isabella's has a big menu with a variety of choices.  Their problem is consistency.  I've ordered take out from there multiple times, but it seemed increasingly that something would be great one day and inedible the next.  My last attempt was when I ordered the penne ala vodka...it tasted like soap or chemicals.  Finally, I realized that the taste was probably vodka...like really cheap vodka.  They must have soaked he pasta in it...or used half the bottle.  Anyway, it was late and it seemed kind of weird to call and complain that the food tasted like booze. So, it went in the trash, and I gave up on them...lots of other options in the neighborhood.The staff was friendly but my pasta was overcooked and just breakable mush but the gravy on it was good so if you order ask for al dente. Pass on the Stromboli it was too soggy to even cut and the chicken cheesesteak though could've been good , is chunks of chicken not shaved or pulled ... Not my roommates preference.Relatively decent ingredients, but prepared poorly and thoughtlessly.  With so many other better options, it's difficult to see how places like this stay in business.  The nachos were more like a thick soup or chili, completely soft and saturated except for maybe 6 chips, which wasn't enough to scoop up the excessive amount of cheap cheese covering otherwise not too bad ingredients.Dismal. You know your pizza is going to be a disappointment when you pick up your first slice and all of the toppings flop onto your plate. I teared up. Ordering food here is like taking a shot in the dark.  You honestly never know what you're going to get.
The only redeeming quality of this place is their breakfast sandwiches.  They appear to be the one item on the menu that is impossible to screw up.BEST TAKEOUT SALADS EVER! Skip the pizza and sammiches and get a pasta dish and a salad. IMHO they have the best takeout salads in EPX, the spinach is outstanding and would work for vegetarians, too. Their specialty pastas are also exceptional for takeout/delivery. Hubs and I usually split one salad and one pasta for dinner and are always happy. Delivery is usually most excellent. We never feel ripped off, starve to death while waiting, or get ill from their food. Thanks Isabella!Ok, I'll say it: Philly pizza (by and large) sucks. I'm sorry, it just does. Maybe it's the water?
I'm a fan of North Jersey/New York style pizza where the crust is crispy yet fluffy, the mozzarella is melted but not broiled, not watery, and not oily, and the sauce is just slightly sweet like a san marzano tomato, and not too bitter or acidic. 
This is, in all my years here, the only place that comes even close to achieving this perfect pizza ingredient combination. Make no mistake, this is not a fancy pizza place like Birra or Nomad. This is your typical hole in the wall pizza place. But hey, sometimes you don't want fancy--you want that comfort food that hits you right in the childhood memories. 
I strongly recommend Isabella to anyone from the nj/ny looking for a taste of home. Salads and steaks are good too, but not a fan of the hoagies. Delivery can be quick or take forever depending on the night of the week. Staff is a little gruff, but always accommodating. You know, it's a typical god damn pizza place! 
Other than Francoluigi, Isabella is the only place I will order a pie from while watching some baseball and drinking a beer. If Isabella sold beer (like Francoluigi) I'd give them five stars.Ordered last night and was terribly disappointed. My mini stromboli had no pepperoni or mushrooms as I requested. And my husband's sandwich had no mayo or cheese. Won't order again. Not anytime soon.Decent pizza, questionable health practices.
I'm writing this review as I'm standing in the place: so many things come to mind.
Two big issues: someone who appears to be the owner is milling around and almost in the way while dedicated employees are trying to work.
Some millennial, 6 foot 4 beardy dude, partial half owner via marriage or boyfriend of someone in the family is walking around the kitchen eating pizza and bare-handing bacon and many other things as they go into the fryer. The pizza is fine but after seeing how this place operates on a random Tuesday I'm confused and a little grossed out.
Not going back.Decent pizza but for shame--it's near 100 degrees and I walk in and your employees are dying in the heat next to those ovens. It had to be pushin 120 degrees in there. I am always Leary of businesses who don't value their employee's comfort. Maybe there is something I am missing and your pizza ovens don't operate well with air conditioning though I doubt this is the case since pizza parlors and restaurants all over the city have a/c. I would come back here in a pinch but this totally turned me off to see these 4 men suffering and working and miserable on one of the hottest days of the year. For gosh sakes spring for some air conditioning for them. Their pizza is fine, not out of this world, but stop for a slice if I'm hungry good. And there was no way I was sitting down there to eat my slice.Open early on the weekends, big plus. Got a great breakfast wrap, sausage was great as well. Can't complain about any of the other food either. Price was good and service was really good as well. I'll have to try more from their dinner menu but from what I did have a can't complain about.
Definitely 5/5 stars and would recommend.Exploring the new hood is fun, and I get to try a new spot every day (or more)! Isabella Pizza looks really busy and has an awesome location. I stopped in here to grab a chicken parm, thankfully they were open late on labor day. Bumped in to an acquaintance and got to chat while they made my sammich. 
The sammich was okay, a little bit light on the sauce. I think I may be alone in the world on my distaste for the sesame seed bun. Glad to have met you Isabella.We have tried again a few times and have been pleased. The stromboli is always good! We also love the milkshakes - all year long!ordered from grub hub, and have many times before but this is mainly a review of my most recent order. the whole wheat pizza has a good texture and taste but it's never hot. mozzarella sticks were okay but soggy and on the colder side. asked for a Pepsi but got a Coke, which must have been unrefrigerated before delivery cause when it arrived the soda was hot.It's been four years since I've had their garlic butter wings. Me like a moron ordered garlic butter shrimp using the online ordering menu. They were gracious enough to make me a batch of the wings and omg just as delicious as I remembered them four years ago when I first moved to South Philly. Great job guys!  Consistency is key!I was never really interested in trying Isabella Pizza until recently, when all our other "go-to" delivery places were closed. Isabella was open, so we gave it a shot.
Impressed! For being one of the last deliveries of the night, I'm sure, we were pleasantly surprised at the pizza and cheesesteak we ordered. The onion rings were not that great, but I am not sure onion rings should ever be delivered. They need to be completely fresh to be enjoyable. Pizza was great, no complaints there, and the cheesesteak was good too. We will definitely order from here again. Delivery was fast as well, and the delivery guy was nice. An overall good experience.I live close by to Isabella's and eat here often. Love that they are on grub hub.  The pizza is usually very good. I've had the chicken salad and it's good half the time but half the time it's eh. Their hoagie rolls are seeded and awesome. Curly fries A+. Tater tots arrive cold, but eating there they are good. Panini's are very very good. If you get a pasta entree they are decent and you'll get two meals out of it- plus they give you bread and salad. They deliver pretty quick although I usually pick it up. Like the big menu.If they hold up consistently over time, this will definitely become a 4-star establishment in my book. We tried this place because it was the closest spot that delivered a cobb salad, which is what I was craving. They also had some stuff on their menu one doesn't always see, like chili cheese tots and fried oreos, so it was an easy sell to E. 
He got the Bella Special hoagie, I went with the cobb, and we got the chili cheese tots and fried oreos, mostly out of curiosity. Tots did not travel well. It was like a solid bowl of mushy tater tots mixed with chili and wiz. The chili also lacked that chili flavor- it was more like meat sauce for pasta. 
The cobb salad, however, was a true delight, apart from the unripe avocado which I had no intention of eating anyways (E was bummed though). It's made with romaine, which could be upgraded, but the chicken was freshly grilled, the egg was good, and it all came together well. I managed to eat most but not all of it.
E was "meh" about his hoagie - he said the deli meats didn't have such great flavour. The fried oreos were what one would expect - dipped in funnel cake batter and fried - but they were embarrassingly good. E thinks they're knockoff oreos, I couldn't really tell.
Delivery was quick and the prices were typical. We'll add this place to the takeout rotation!Delivery took forever, staff was rude and unhelpful on the phone because I called after 50 minutes and not after a full hour. When the food finally came an hour and fifteen minutes later (on a Tuesday between 2-3), none of it was hot or seasoned. 
I literally can't fathom how I paid upwards to thirty dollars for this. It's not worth ordering before 3:00. Just wait for Franco's or Marra's to open.I have been a customer to Isabellas for maybe 7 years now? I will start by saying, yeah there food is pretty good (sometimes) but several things have led me to this 2 star review. The staff is usually pretty nice despite the occasional off-day but the owner is the biggest jackass I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. He refuses to do anything about the broken fans so all of the grease smell that gets in your clothes is amplified by like a million. My daughter worked there for months and she never went near the stove but smelled like the bottom of a bag of Mcdonalds. He hasn't replaced the cash registers since the robbery that happened in June. It is now approaching December... He threatened to fire my daughter If she didn't show up to work even though she never missed a day and the following scheduled day of work the store was closed and nobody bothered to call her. This happened during a 3-day blizzard that she walked 10 blocks through in order to show up. On top of that, he was late to pay several people there on time being several weeks late with paychecks for a number of people. I love the rest of the staff but the owner needs to reassess himself and shave his damn face.i only gave you one star because you gave me the extra celery and dressing that i asked you for. the food was significantly alright. but the thing that i hate is that you don't know how to pack the food. i thought the sauce was on the side, it is fine if you tossed it with the wings but you didn't give me a plastic bag and the driver didn't tell me that the sauce was leaking through the paper bag. and it spilled all over my carpet!Only giving 1 star because i had to do something. I would literally give it zero if I could. I called and placed an order, it took an hour and 25 mins to arrive. When I received my order the total price had changed from the time  I order  til the time it arrived. I received my antipasto salad, and I had order just lettuce, tomato, cucumber and the meats and cheese. I had also asked for extra meat and cheese. I opened the salad, I had no cheese at all and the dressing was spilled over in my salad. I called the store and explained what happened, the girl told me they would send me out another one. I cannot eat after 8pm, so I told the woman this and she said well I can offer you a credit. I told her honestly I will prob never order from you guys again so I would like my money back. In the meantime I'm looking at my receipt and it said "open food item 1.50" i asked the woman what that was and she didn't have an answer. She told me honestly I don't even know why that's on there. I was informed the driver would be at my house a half hour tops with my money for the salad, the open food item and tax. The driver arrived almost 50 mins later (which was no big deal) with an envelope with my refund. When I opened it all I got was my money for the salad and the tax. No open food item. Yes I understand it's only 1.50, but how many people are they doing this to? It was an awful experience. Never againBad experience on all fronts! They didn't have several items I asked for: short ribs... Nope. Gravy fries... Nope. Chocolate ice cream... Nope. The three items I ordered(no pizzas or strombolis) took 1 hour and 15 minutes to get here on a Thursday. The Belle fries were obviously in their cooling stage. The Nutella panini was sad and the strawberry shortcake was awful. This place provided a terrible experience.Ordered the gyro, and they over charged me. When I asked why? They were unpleasant an told me that how much it is. When I pointed out on there menu the correct price. They told me that's not how our computer does it. I told them I would not be back and they just laughed at me. Poor business model.Always been a huge fan of Isabella's food in general. We probably order once a month for delivery. This past Friday we were extremely disappointed with the delivery, we received overly burnt Pizza that was barely edible. We ordered buffalo wings and got buffalo shrimp - actually was a good trade off mistake - but was craving the wings.
We also order chicken Parm w/ Linguini which was excellent.
I will be ordering there again, hopefully they check the quality of food before the send it out.This is truly our go to, default ordering place. Whenever we can't decide what we want we always order delivery from Isabella's because the pasta, the salads, the cheesesteaks, the chicken platters, the sides are great!  And anywhere that has tater tots has a special place in my heart!!!!  And don't miss those deep fried Oreos!!!  They deliver from early in the morning which is a bonus with their yummy and reasonably price breakfast selections.This will be my go to place for breakfast. Ordered two breakfast platters for me and the hubby for dinner. Great portion sizes, well prepared, and most importantly, the food arrived HOT which is almost never the case for breakfast food. Will definitely order again!Great place for a quick, cheap bite to eat. Everyone is very friendly. I'm there a lotI ordered pasta with pesto that came with a side salad and roll. I also ordered Nutella raviolis. Let me start off with saying the best thing was the salad and roll. The pasta was ok there was barely any pesto on it! The ravioli were suppose to be fried and sprinkled with powdered sugar! The "raviolis" were wontons with a drop of Nutella and chocolate syrup I was highly upset being as though they were $5.50 and that was they only reason why I ordered! I will not be ordering from here again!Isabella is a solid neighborhood pizza place. I really enjoy their pizza because the sauce is a bit on the sweet side and the crust has just the right amount of crunch. Their veggie wrap is also great and my boyfriend is a big fan of their strombolis. Beware of the stromboli/calzone size, their small is huge!
My only complaint: they aren't too precise on time estimates. I've arrived on time to pick up my order and have had to wait 5-10 more minutes on multiple occasions.Called for delivery and ordered a bunch of food but my sweet tooth got the best of me. I asked for a malt milkshake they said they "have no malt", asked for a regular chocolate milkshake they said they only have vanilla and strawberry. I asked for a brownie with ice cream and they have no brownies. I had to ask what they DID have for desert. The phone girl was very rude and hung up on me at the end of the call. My sweet tooth was strongly disappointed!!! I love their pizza but customer service sucked.Ehhhhhhh. It's okay if you're hungry I suppose. 
Me and my roommate were real hungry, and I wanted a roast pork sandwich. 
So we ended up getting two roast pork sandwiches, fried calimari, and two milkshakes.
The roast pork sandwiches were sub-par. The spinach was WAY WAY WAY too garlicy ... this may just be a personal preference though because she seemed to think it was fine. Also, the fried calimari was okay if you're into the all the same size rings that came out a bag frozen kind.
The milkshakes were great, but I don't really see how you can go wrong with a milkshake. 
I'd order here again, but I'd try something else next time. It's raining and we were too lazy to go anywhere so the delivery aspect was nice.If I could give place 0 stars I would. I usually never leave reviews because I for one have worked in the restaurant business for many years. However I'm very disappointed in our food. We found this restaurant on menu123.com and ordered with out reading the reviews. All I can say is smh. We ordered a create your own omelet, side of sausage, side of home fries with a side note please add ketchup and eggs Benedict. I really wanted French toast but I ordered the eggs Benedict anyway. That was our second mistake. An hour later our food arrived. The omelet was ok and the sausage was ok, the home fries sucked and they didn't add ketchup. The ketchup would have made the soggy home fries a little better but I didn't get the option. Now the eggs Benedict that shit was distucting. It was a ladle full of broken hollindaise sauce in the bottom of the container, two soggy English muffins from sitting in a pool of broken egg yokes and sauce, Canadian bacon was the best thing of the meal, and two broken sunny side up eggs. I really don't know why I would order eggs Benedict from a take out place let alone a pizza place. I was really looking forward to breakfast and this really ruined my morning. I threw most of it in the trash. If I had a dog it would have went straight to him.