My first love, my only love.
When I tell you I was happy when they re-opened, I screamed cried. I cried over water ice. They're that good.
I've been coming here since I was a little kid. We use to spend all our money, before parents started giving their kids $40 a day, on water ice and hugs. I'm pretty sure I never ate real food. Just this water ice. That's how good it is.Clearly, the best water ice EVER, in the UNIVERSE, hands down, no questions asked, and if anyone disagrees, then they don't know good water ice.  I grew up in South Philly, on 9th and McClellan, and sure, there were other places to get water ice closer to the house, but we'd trek over to Italiano's because no one else's was quite as good (Pop's, however, is a very close second... I'll give them that).  Now, years later, I live in South Jersey, and am not above driving all the way into the city to stop at Italiano's on a nice summer night.  
It always hurts my heart a little bit when people get all excited over Rita's Water Ice, thinking it's the best in the world and that Rita's alone is the one place you can find a great gelati.  WRONG.  Go to the place that INVENTED the freakin gelati - Italiano's.Best in south philly , only bad thing is they open late and close early .  Staff is always great . Old man waters down the outside keeps it clean .  Great placeSimply delicious...
On a recent trip, my cousin who grew up eating their water ice and recently returned to the area suggested  (insisted?) we stop at Italiano's after dinner at Nick's (for a roast pork sandwich).  I think it was the first time I've had water ice since I moved away in 2007. The medium lemon water ice was as I remembered it, delicious.  And yes I got rind in each order--Yum!
We had a second serving on the way to the airport.  What a fun start and finish to a great trip to Philly.the best wooder ice in south philly! ice tea flavor-yum!This is the best Philadelphia water ice I've found in South Philly. Really happy I came here last week. Have been back twice now. 
I'm a big fan of the mango and peach flavors. Their lemon is also really good. I think the keys to this ice, unlike John's, is that they carry different varieties of flavors and spend more time on making their ice taste like the fruit. 
They claim to be the home of the gelati as well, but you'll have to ask the owner...the older gentleman usually parks himself on one of the white plastic chairs to the right on Shunk Street. He's a charming guy.
I can't wait to go back for more. Get yourself down to Italiano's!Hey, I don't want to alarm you here, but Summer's running out.
Oh I'm alarmed! Believe me.
Listen, I know it happens every year. Seasons. But come on. 
What in the Hell have I been doing? I've only made one visit to Italiano's this year? Euuugh, I disgust me... Italiano's will only be open for only about 2 more weeks and then no more perfect, perfect water ice til Summer 2015. 
Panic, panic. 
It's perfect though, their water ice is. That's what I'm tellin you. I know I'm gonna sound like a loon, but their's is a seriously precise consistency of icy slush. I love  the little bits of fruit and how every flavor I've tried has achieved a never tooo tooo sweet balance. That's why it's perfect, I says. 
I love, love the pina colada flavor with the tiny pineapple chunks. Delectable! That one's my second favorite flavor of em all. My most favorite of all time, however, is the lemon water ice. 
Italiano's lemon water ice. Tis the best in the land! It's ever so refreshingly lemony. It's evenly sweet and tart and the zest and bits of lemon throughout make it the best damn lemon water ice I ever did slurp...and it's making me a little bit insane that my chances to enjoy it are a dwindlin'. So, this is a gushing review and also a personal call to action that I don't squander this precious water ice time.
Cause who doesn't enjoy a perfect water ice on a hot Summer day? I can only imagine that the answer to that question is: jerks. Jerks, that's who.I was skeptical when someone at the dog park told me that Italiano's was better than Pops.  I am new to Philly and to water ice.  But after trying Pop's I saw no reason to go anywhere else.  Then I had a moment of insanity and thought, why not try to broaden my horizons?  I had Italiano's vanilla water ice.  It was fine.  A-ok.  But a bit too sweet, not subtle enough.  So five bites into it, I headed over to Pops.  Life is too short to eat a-ok water ice when you can go to Pops and have the best.Been coming here for 20+ years. Used to be the best in the world, but...it's not the same anymore. Had my first chance to get over here this season a few weeks back. Ordered cherry and lemon. Both tasted sub-par. Texture wasn't what it used to be, there used to be chunks of lemon rind and fresh cherry...no more.
Honestly, my wife and I went to John's right after just to be sure our taste buds weren't tainted.
I hope they get this turned around, otherwise a sad end to a timeless memory.Best water ice in S. Philly. Better than John's, Pops & Ritas combined.Does not taste artificially flavored.  Actual cherries in the black cherry and pineapple in the pineapple.  Good stuff and when I have a water ice craving this is one of the places I head.  Service is quick and friendly.Classic South Philly establishment right at 12th and Shunk. They have some parking spots up front if you are driving but no benches or seats to enjoy your treats. The water ice was refreshing but the flavor wasn't as strong as other places in the city. It's worth checking out, but wasn't my favorite.Italiano's closed for the season this past week. Every year, I find this to be a little disappointing, as it marks the end of summer and all of the memories that go along with it.
Getting water ice and a pretzel from Italiano's is much more than just a good way to cool down on a hot summer day. It's a nostalgic catalyst, evoking memories of youth: celebrating the game-winning run in the Joe Fortuna Little League For Kids Who Can't Play Baseball Good, breathing a sigh of relief after a hellish school year, heading to my cousin's house so my friends could try to hook up with her friends.
Of course, those of you who did not grow up in South Philly might not share such sentimentalities and would prefer practical reasons to choose Italiano's. No problem. It is cheaper -- but closely related to -- Pop's and exponentially better than the bastardization served at Rita's.best waterice can't wait till mayyyyyy !!!!!!I grew up in south philly, and i adore this place.  i will tell all my  friends to frequent here, because it is the real deal when it comes to water ice (rita's pales in comparison).  many of their water ices have real pieces of whatever the flavor is....e.g. the lemon has pieces of lemon in it....it is AMAZING.  i recommend mixing the cherry water ice with vanilla ice cream....yummmmAwesome homemade Italian ice. Great flavors! Affordable prices, and great for the little ones.Hands down best water ice you'll ever eat! No other place compares.I have been coming to Italiano's since I was a kid. Living in S Philly for my first 20 years I have hit every water ice stand in the neightborhood. Hands down, Italiano's is the best. DON'T EVEN COMPARE IT TO RITA'S!!!!!!! 
My favorite is the mango water ice - to die for & I literally almost did. A month ago I did my monthly food run to S. Philly ( I friggin live in Jersey now - nothing there!) and picked up my Tony Luke's porkette & a large mango water ice from Italiano's.  It was sooooo delicious, I ate both soooo fast, it was like I inhaled it. 48 hours later I was rushed to the ER with a ruptured appendicitis! Afterward I asked the surgeon if my food run caused it, he said, "of course not".
Tested myself last week with another mango & I was fine, enjoyed it even more, since I thought the one before would be my last.  The folks that run it are the best!Italiano's has been a staple in my diet since childhood. There isn't a time I remember where summer time didn't equal daily trips to get tutti frutti or my favorite standby, vanilla with chocolate on the bottom. There is simply no comparison - anywhere! The flavors are unmatched and seriously just delicious! I was so sad last year when they decided not to open but THRILLED to see the signs up this year. I just had my first italiano's as I type (vanilla with chocolate on the bottom if you must know) and I am happy to report NOTHING has changed! Amazing place!!!Best water ice in Philly. My only complaint is that they are only open 4 months a year.Italiano's is the REAL DEAL.
Deep in the heart of South Philly, this place serves up some of the best water ice in the Philadelphia area. According to rumor, these guys pioneered the gelati - the decadent mix of water ice and ice cream.  From what I understand, Rita's doesn't even have the rights to call it a gelati - instead they have to call it a gelato.  The selection of flavors is simple - usually I opt for the lemon, and it's absolutely perfect.  Tart, and not too sweet.
I would agree with Marcello said - you can never really tell when it's open.  But it's worth the trip.I had urge for water ice and was in the neighborhood. Yelp to the rescue. Well worth the drive and try something outside of Ritas. Went with old reliable cherry. Tasted so fresh and before I finished gor back in line for a pina colada. Man I wish this place was in the burbs!There is no other. Warm family feeling with the freshest ingredients and fresh fruit on the stoop. Best all-around flavors and freshness and Texture... Should be a nationwide business but ever so thankful for the charm that it is all ours! Was actually depressed and sad the one summer they didnt open and always go out of our way and enjoy a walk there or drive by no matter where we are during the summer!I drove by yesterday and the signs and flags are up. Word on the street is that they are reopening Memorial Day Weekend. Very excited to see this neighborhood gem return. It is a staple of South Philadelphia and it has been missed.Hands down the best water ice ever ... I live in south Philly and I can't wait until they open every single year ... I literally count the days haha .... It does not taste artificial at all ... It has real pieces of fruit in every cup ... Watermelon is by far my favorite flavor and I have to wait until about the middle of June before they make it because they only use one certain kind of watermelon ... So trust me they are the best and no one comes any where close to them at all .. Not pops ... Not ritas ... Not even johns ... So the next time you're in our neighborhood stop by and try it for your selfItaliano's is located on the corner of my grandmom's street.  I've known this place my entire life, and enjoyed the scumptious water ice on each and every visit to her house.  I would beg her to bring it back to my suburban home as a child, and I still do.  Cherry is an obvious favorite, but pina colada is slowly creeping up.  The subtle pieces of fruit that you get in each bite is to die for.  It's not artificial.  It's the perfect combination of flavors in your mouth.  Please give it a shot.  Wish they franchised Italiano's rather than Rita's so the world can really know what WATER ICE is!!How can I rate this place? It's both amazing and sub-par, based on the two varieties of water ice I've tried, so far. 
Cherry water ice, thanks to Rita's, has long been my favorite, so I first tried cherry. The cherry water ice tastes like cough syrup. Well, better than cough syrup, but only marginally so. Disappointed with my own choice, my wife let me try her peach water ice. It was DELICIOUS. More than delicious, even--it was the best water ice I have ever tasted. Heck, I've never liked peaches, but after tasting that water ice, I'm starting to think I judged peaches too soon.
Needless to say, I'll be stopping by again and trying different flavors.I grew up in West Chester, just outside Philly. Whenever we made the journey into the city, it was no question that a stop to Geno's and Italiano's (if in the appropriate season) were on the day's agenda. We'd pull up to the parking spaces in front, always decorated with American flags.
This is the type of family shop where the owners know you by name and order. My dad? Brian, large pineapple. My brother? Patrick, large vanilla. As for me? Well, I would always stare in awe of the huge list of available flavors, but in the end I was usually Kathryn, small watermelon. As a child, I was always so amazed that mine had real chunks of watermelon. After mining through his Italian ice my Dad would give me some his chunks of golden pineapple, too.
Returning here always reignites that childish excitement inside me. Even now I take a while to browse the long list of offered flavors, but usually wind up as Kat, medium mint chocolate chip and chocolate ice gelati.
 If you want water ice, go to Rita's. If you want Italian Ice and the original Gelati, come to Italiano's. You won't regret it.TIPS: Cash Only and Only Open from Thursday through Sunday! 
100% Philadelphia's best water ice. 
I feel immense anguish on the days of the week that Italianos is not open. Lemon is my absolutely favorite. I've tried other Italian Ice establishments and they are literal garbage compared to this place. I get sad even thinking about the walk of shame to Pop's when I forget that Italiano's is closed. The customer service is fantastic and everyone who works here is friendly and accommodating. I love family run businesses who take care of their customers and produce incomparable products. Strawberry and Watermelon are heaven on earth. I have nothing but wonderful profound things to say about this establishment and their icey concoctions. Don't waste your money other places. Trust me and wait until the weekend and come here.Roadmap to Success in life:
Sunday Morning
1. Wake Up.
2. Eat breakfast.
3. GO TO ITALIANOS AND GET WATER ICE AT 10:00 A.M. BECAUSE IT'S SO SCRUMPTIOUS AND WILL PUT YOU IN A GOOD MOOD FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT 12 HOURS. 
Gelati: 
If you want to keep it real-ish and feel like you're doing your body good, get mango water ice and vanilla ice cream. This treat is justifiable: The mango water ice actually tastes like mangoes, not overly concentrated mango syrup typically paired with sticky rice found at greasy chopsticks joints.
If you want to indulge your sophisticated side, try vanilla water ice with coffee ice cream. It tastes much better than any of that frappuccino shit you get at _______. This concoction tastes like somebody smashed together equal parts sugar and vanilla and dumped it over frozen creamy coffee. You'll feel mature eating it, but you'll probably get brain freeze. Irony. Enjoy it.
 Plain Water Ice:
Amaretto. It's pretty amazing that amaretto water ice tastes like amaretto cream without any actual cream in the water...ice. I bet this is like whatever Alice came across in Wonderland that kept making her DRINK ME even after growing and shrinking. It's that good. Promise.All i have to say is TG I don't live in the area - this place would be on my "addicted to" list.  We found it by accident (via getting lost to intended destination), and once I had the Pina Colada ice cream in my hands, my day got infinitely better.the best water ice in town.  the original gelati.....  so upset they closed for the summer.  my favorite is the root beer float with water ice, ice cream and soda.  yummyThe best Italian water ice in south Philadelphia. Super friendly lady. You can freeze your water ice.Umm... I wish this wasn't so walkable from my house. Any gains I make in fitness this summer are going to be completely offset by water ice and ice cream. 
I am the first to admit that water ice isn't totally my thing. I'm not from here and it just never appealed to me much, I didn't get the hype. Italiano's water ice, though, this is on another level (I haven't tried Pop's but I hear that place in on-par). Way better than John's!
There was quite a line on a Sunday evening around 6 but it moved quickly. Even with a relatively limited selection of flavours it took me forever to decide. I was jonesin' for a cone so I went with the strawberry ice cream and it was absolutely killer. However, when I sampled from of my friend's gelati with coffee ice cream and chocolate water ice, I was sold. Totally getting a gelati next time I come. I'm thinking black cherry water ice with vanilla ice cream.Buy the Pina Colada ice cream, then head back to your stoop, add rum and enjoy!
I've always been a huge Pop's fan, but was told that I had to get to Italianos because they were the best - and hell, they invented the Gelati! So, last week, my sister was down to visit and she brought over some bacardi, but forgot the pina colada mix. I took this as the perfect opportunity to suggest we head down to the water ice spot I've been dying to try. We picked up a quart of pina colada water ice and it was delicious - with or without the rum! ;)
Since then, I think I've been back about 3 more times (yes, in only a week) but it's only open during the summer!! 
This mom and pop spot has the best water ice I've ever had. If you follow me on foursquare, then you know it's true, I'm going to be the mayor any day now!! Hopefully, being mayor may influence a "margarita" flavor!Seriously the best pineapple around.. I love John's lemon but I've been cheating on them more and more with italianos.. i don't think ill ever order anything except the pineapple again..The absolute best water ice. Iced Tea, Amaretto, Pina Colada are all fantastic. My absolute favorite flavor is Lime. I would eat here every single day if I wouldn't be 500 lbs.Great chocolate water ice with coffee ice cream. Wanted more before reaching the bottom of the cup! Service was great. Super friendly, attentive, and smile filled. A great stop on a hot Philly day.They are not closed. The signs are up. They will be open limited hours this summer. You will have to check the signs. They have the best water ice in south philly.The lemon ice here tasted like it was flavored with off-brand Kool-Aid.realest of the real water ice. 
while not every flavor is made with real fruit, the ones that are will fix any problem you have. peach and watermelon and lemon get shoutouts. 
also: the ITALIAN COFFEE GELATI. amaretto water ice with coffee ice cream. this is unbeatable! do it! 
they have frozen choco bananas and large selection of candy as well, leading to this classic piece of overheard parental wisdom: 
small child in a stroller: "can i have a blowpop?"
mom: "not until youre done your water ice."
italiano's comes complete with two crotchety italian men, seated on the only two chairs in the shade. don't try to take their seats. just eat your damn fine water ice.Most countries don't know how to make dessert. Italia-knows. And by extension, Italian Americans know too. This place is proof.
What to get: Water Ice, Gelati
What else: Italianos do it better
If you've never had water ice in Philadelphia, then you haven't lived. Well technically you have, but a life without water ice is not one worth living (Albert Einstein, 1874). OK I made that up but you really need to come to Philly and try Pop's and Italiano's. 
Sadly, that might not be possible. Every summer, the wonderful lady that runs this place tells me that she may not be returning the following summer. This little adorable back-street South Philly piece of heaven has been around longer than my mother has been doing random guys from the pub, but will soon be calling it quits. They may already have done so. Come and try it, if it still exists at the time you read this. You will be glad you did.
What to improve on: They will only give you 1 sample. I wanna try them all!
South Philly is a neighbourhood that you must explore. Everyone knows everyone, the houses are all terraces, the streets are all one-way and tiny and you can barely drive between the rows of parked cars. It's like another nation, another world. And on one of these tiny back streets you will find Italiano's. A little tiny family-owned place that you must try. Speaking of must-try, there were some very attractive customers here when I was here the first time, late at night right before closing. Stop distracting me from my Gelati! Thx!
Basically, Water Ice is a Philly invention that is like Italian Ice, but made with real chunks of fruit in special Philly style. This place (and the other 10 or 15 places around here that do it) also make Chocolate Water Ice) which is not worth having), and perhaps the most famous Philly dessert export - the Gelati. Gelati is amazing ice cream (in this case, but often frozen custard) layered between amazing water ice. Rita's made this item famous across the country, but nobody makes it with as much heart and authenticity and love as Italiano's, or the others in this area.
The ice here is very gritty mush-ice, a little crunchy but small pieces that go down well (that's what she said). The vanilla water ice is super sweet. The lemon ice is sweet, and bright yellow. The peach is really nice but ubersweet. Pineapple tastes gentle and mild. The ice cream is super creamy  and very hard (like me), it's so yumm. I adore the strawberry nice which has nice big chunks a bit like Rita's cherry. 
Forget Rita's (you can get it anywhere these days, although it's good, I'll give you that), and come to Philly and try the originals. 
Before they disappear forever.
Like a cat's sex drive after spaying and neutering.Best water ice and staff in the city! Wish they were always open but family comes first!Italiano's is back! Finally! Stopped last night on way home from the shore. I read an article on philly.com saying they were open, I needed to see it for myself. 
We waited in a long line that wrapped around the corner. They don't offer many flavors, 5 or so. We went with chocolate and cherry. Both were as good as always! They are very similar to Pop's with a slight difference. Parking is horrendous but the water ice makes up for it. Solid 4 stars.ok the orginal pop's on oregon ave is the one i know of but past years the quality has diminished at both itlaiano's locations!
The full flavor isnt there anymore it's now rated a 6 on scale of 1 to 10 in my opinion by trying other water ice stands nearby !
I mean full flavor chocolate with bits of chocolotae in it or pineappel or lemon or orange is what i'm talking about here! 
YOU all know the two locations i'm talking about almost a mile away is Jim's going east then north to wolf st !
The other is named john';s somewhere around 9th and federal or christian st's or is it on front st ?
Anyway try the other two compare to italiano's now watered water ice !Hand's down the best water ice in the entire world.  They have iced tea water ice.  It's so amazing too.  I like mixing it with lemon.  The pink lemonade water ice is incredible too.  The thing about Italiano's that is so good is that the consistency is incredible.  There will not be one chunk of ice in your water ice.  Anyone who likes Rita's will never want to get water ice there again after having Italiano's.  They also invented the Gelati and are the reason everyone else in the city calls it a Gelato.  They don't have the rights to call it a Gelati.They have ginger ale water ice. Enough said. Ok, I'll say more. This ice is so good and there's even chunk of frickin' fruit in it! Not bullshit fruit either, REAL FRUIT! I can't even hope to fully explain how good this stuff is. Just go. Get a large BTW because if you don't you'll regret not having more.Part of me wants to give Italiano's five stars just so that the lovely woman who operates this classic water ice window keeps it open for many more years to come.
In our American food culture, where so much is mass produced, and homogeneous, these classic regional outposts are treasures.
And on a hot and humid summer day, after a dinner of a roast pork sandwich or cheesesteak, nothing hits the spot better than a water ice. It's Philadelphia's dessert. And if you are visiting the city, you should get one inside of you.
That said, I could do without the shocking colors and synthetic flavors. Mango, cherry, and even pineapple are produced in teeth staining hues. 
I saw some people getting the iced tea flavor. Maybe that's a sleeper. I had to go with chocolate, because that was what I always got as a kid, and it never fails to bring me back to those happiest days of childhood. This one totally hit the spot.
If you come, prepare for a line. Also on Friday, the shop was closed from about 4:30 to 6:30pm. I guess the late afternoon can be slow. And I'd rather the shop be closed for a few hours a day, if that means it can remain open for the season. 
Despite my ideological differences with Italiano's on flavors and colors, I'm so glad I was able to pay them a visit and experience this piece of south Philly.I think you'd have to royally screw up water ice for it to receive less than five stars. To be completely honest, Italiano's wasn't so different than any other ice I've had. The fact that the place is located deep in the heart of South Philly and reminds me of carefree summer nights as a kid (a kid in Jersey, anyway) was a bonus. 
I loved that they serve so many different flavors. I tried my hand at a makeshift Shirley Temple, with cherry ice on the bottom and ginger ale ice on top. The ginger ale ice was overpowered when mixed with the cherry but it was delicious on its own. 
The somewhat passive-aggressive sign about being the originators of the gelati is pretty hilarious. I don't think my friend really cared about that as he was too busy enjoying his pineapple ice with vanilla ice cream. 
I want to go on a South Philly water ice tour so it may be a few more stops at other places before I return, but I will return.Don't even remember when I started going here. All I know is I come back annually for my large iced tea water ice and pretzel rods when it gets warm out.My favorite place for water ice. All of the flavors are good, though the mango and ginger ale flavors are my favorites.  It was also a very short walk from where my boyfriend used to live. We'd get some water ice and then go back and sit on his porch. Perfect summer days.