I had such high hopes for James.  Having heard so many wonderful things about the drinks and food, I was thrilled to finally get reservations.
I recently discovered that James won't be staying in Bella Vista, and I'm not that surprised.  As other reviewers have noted, James is incredibly expensive.  I ordered the black bass which came in a teeny tiny 4 oz. portion.  I could barely taste any hints of curry in the sauce (or should I say "broth"?).  My dining companion ordered his without clams and ended up having to pick out clams all night long.  For the table, we ordered cauliflower "in textures" and the duck ragu.  The cauliflower was a joke: textures = whole and pureed.  The duck ragu was the only saving grace; it was savory and flavorful without being too rich.  
Service was also terrible.  For a restaurant that has been open for a while, the waiters seemed to know very little.  I asked for decaf tea but was told they didn't have any.  When the tea box came out, I saw a slew of decaf options.  In between courses, the waiter constantly knocked into my silverware, sending the knife spinning.  He also blanked out on the menu several times, finally just reading off the menu.
Since James is leaving anyway, I won't be back.  I'll swing on over to Fish for a better dish at much better prices.It's been a few months since I had my meal at James, but I'll try to jot down what I remember. It was tasty enough, but for what I paid for the meal it should have knocked my socks off, and it just didn't. 
I recall the atmosphere being very sexy, the waitstaff was nice and knowledgeable, and the drinks were creative and good, but I was there for the food. I wanted some palette rockin' vitals and I figured that for the price, that's what I'd get. 
I had the duck pasta and the chicken entree and both were good, but just not great. My wife and I tried different desserts and neither was particularly memorable. 
On the whole, it was an enjoyable night but, but I won't be going back because I've had meals that were just as good for less at just about any Stephen Starr or Jose Garces joint. Plus it's hard to justify a $200+ meal (for 2) at James when you can get an even better meal two blocks away at Bibou for under $100.Excellent. We eat out a lot so we have a lot to which we can compare James. The staff was friendly and welcoming. The pace was just right. Our waitress was knowledgeable, very friendly without being too intense. The atmosphere and ambience are a perfect balance of warm, classy and cozy. Best of all, the tables are not on top of each other. The food was terrific - creative, unique (John Dory, antelope) and prepared exquisitely. And in my opinion, the prices are reasonable relative to other comparable restaurants in the city. I am hard pressed to find anything negative about this place; in fact, I can't find anything negative to say. I can be very critical when it comes to restaurants so I want to applaud James, his wife and their staff for a fantastic dining experience. I love this place.There's a just something special about the James experience. Whether it's the satisfaction your taste buds feel at the rich layers of flavors, or the friendly and knowledgeable staff who service you, I don't care, I continue to really enjoy it all. After several times there either at the bar or the restaurant, the ability to be absolutely decadent is an option, as is the chance of hanging at the bar with half-price drinks. I can see that some may feel intimidated but I've never felt that. They have a well-deserved history of praise. Can get pricey but there are plenty of affordable options.If you like Cheesecake Factory sizes menus or are looking for cheap eats, not your spot.  The menu was awesome but you definitely need at least an app or pasta + entrée to fill up so it got pricey.   Loved everything we ate. Fettuccine pasta course was amazing as well as the veal entree. James-hatten was also a fun new drink.Sigh. I loved James. I loved the decor, the homey feeling, the wine, everything. Some things could have been better, but they were little things - most notably the tables were uncommonly wide - no holding hands unless you want to lie on your food. It was a touch expensive but both me and the man got pasta and an entree and a bottle of wine and shared dessert - it could easily have been a cheaper night but we went all out.
The food was very simple. I enjoyed the duck ragu but it wasn't my favorite dish of the night. I got the Poulard - arguably the best chicken I've ever had. My man said the same of the aged sirloin. The portions were perefect, and the service was fabulous. Gold stars all around.I ate here months ago and can still remember it well--that's saying a lot!! I have to agree that the host was a bit stiff and seemed to look down at my group of friends as we laughed and drank. Completely uncalled for in a place where we proceeded to dump hundreds of $$ but we probably looked like we couldn't afford it...
The food was fantastic and server was attentive and didn't hover. She answered our questions and was very helpful. (and as a side, I'm jealous of their "uniform" brown dresses, I want them at my restaurant!). I ate sweetbreads for the first time and nearly cried bc they were so fantastic. And who would think that chicken could taste THAT good?? Cocktails were amazing, wine list was overpriced and unimpressive. I think we bought a bottle that sells for $10 in stores for somewhere around $48. I understand a markup, but WOW. 
Great drinks, great food and beautiful decor made up for it and brought me around... I'll definitely go back....Disclaimer: I have never eaten a proper meal at James. However, I am lured there by Tuesday night's Hours of Happiness week after week, and by Meghan, quite possibly the best and my favorite bartender in this fair city. I'm reluctant to share with you how much I enjoy drinking here, only because I want to keep it my little secret.
Upon first glance, I thought, "this place is too fancy for me," but I was wrong. It's not uppity at all. It's warm and cozy, and I always feel very comfortable there. I love sitting at the bar and drinking my troubles away, laughing with Meghan and my friends. I only wish that everyday was Tuesday! One of these days I will actually have a real deal meal up in this place.2 words to describe this place- super disappointing. I should never walk into a restaurant with high expectations- of course I'll be disappointed. The decor and service was perfect. Its warm and tastefully decorated and everyone who worked there was friendly and helpful. The food however was not nearly as tasty as I hoped. We started out with the fresh oysters, scallop appetizer, and sunchoke soup. The fresh oysters were served chilled, with no accompanying mignotte, lemon, or garnish. I love raw oysters, but thought these would have benefitted from a little exta something- anything??? The scallop was a bit undercooked for my taste, although the flavor was there, but the accompanying belgian endive compote was bitter and had a very strange smell to it.  Kind of caused me to cringe. The sunchoke soup was delicious. We also ordered the tagliatelle, which everyone has raved about. It was good but the flavors weren't complex enough to garner all of that attention. For dinner we had the poularde (basically chicken). I'm pretty sure it was cooked sous vide style to be that moist. It was good, but not fabulous. And oh how I dearly missed the byob scene. Our alcohol was over $50 alone for some pretty yummy cocktails. We skipped dessert (although I was still a bit hungry) and the bill came out to $150 with tax and tip which is comparable to alot of byobs (not including our pricey liquor bill-what a bunch of lushes!!). Nice place to grab a cocktail but I wouldn't recommend it for dinner....Excellent food, beautiful decor, attentive polite service, BUT the waitresses are weird, uncomfortably formal.  We were warned that the portions are "VERY VERY VERY SMALL" and that we should order three courses each.  it felt like a lot of pressure, given that each course is probably an average of $20.The kitchen and front staff of James are doing great work. Wife and I hired the babysitter and went for our birthdays, and were really happy we decided on this as our destination.
It's worth a stop at the bar before you head to your table. Fun banter with the tender, and it was a gas watching him mix their signature cocktails. There was a great selection of draught beers, but I opted for the house manhattan, made with an infused bourbon and spiced raisins instead of a cherry. Wife had a cocktail made with lemon juice, rum puree and sailor jerry rum. Yessss.
The understated and warm dining area was great. I chose their 'best of' tasting menu with wine pairings. my wife went with the regular menu. The menu goes from small serving size to larger, and is listed as such. 
Standouts were the langostino tempura with apricot reduction, the ribbon pasta with braised duck in chocolate and orange (trust me), and the bay scallops. Oh, the bay scallops. The wine pairings were wonderful, subtle and perfect. They were out of the standard dessert pairing and substituted a fantastic Grenache. 
Only low point is that the parking ($8, reasonable priced) is at the back of a dark, seedy looking lot across the street. Probably just perceived danger, but not a nice way to end an otherwise fantastic meal.James was flawless.  The decor is pleasing and thoughtfully simple.  The service was warm and well-trained; I felt the staff was extremely committed to helping us celebrate our anniversary.  The food was very good, and we were able to stretch our table time to about 2 hours with desserts and digestifs (and an amuse bouche).  I brought a Napa cab, which they were happy to accomodate.   $30 is relatively steep for corkage, but I was happy to pay it after the staff paired food recommendations to the wine.  All told we (2) were treated to a round of cocktails, amuse, apps, entrees, desserts, and dessert wines, plus corkage, for under $200 before tip.  Exceptional value and exceptional experience, a must if you are in Philly for one night.I'd just like to say again, that James happy hour on Tuesday nights are the best.  Meghan is by far the best bartender ever.  She gives us group hugs when it's time to go home! I can't wait to eat a real dinner here.  Tuesday nights really are something to look forward to.I'll start off with the negative...
Cons:  It's extremely expensive, even for Philadelphia.  I'm not trying to say the food isn't worth it, however, if you are planning on going here plan to spend a good amount of money
Now, saying that the place is small, yet modern.  It's decorated well but it's relatively small, so you will need a reservation, and try to make it a at least 3 days ahead of time, it's a hit in this area of Philly.
The waiters will try to sell you on getting appetizers, a meal and a dessert.  It's really not necessary, the portions are small, but not so small that it won't give you a full feeling after you are done.  If you and another person go, split an appetizer and each get a meal, but expect to spend 50 a person.  
The service is slow, but I think this is done on purpose.  They let you sit at the table for a long time between ordering, and getting food, and asking for dessert.  If you enjoy your company and enjoy to talk to them, then it's a good bet you'll enjoy this place.  If you like to eat fast and can't stand sitting around, then skip it.
The food is great, and you can tell they take their time on making each dish.  You won't find these dishes at other places in Philadelphia.  The menu is made from local produce, and it changes per the season, so choose wisely!I am one of those unfortunate saps with expensive taste and no money, so I went to James for the first time a few weeks ago thanks to a promotion, and I was so thankful I finally got to go. 
Thanks to Yelpers' reviews I ordered the duck ragu and was not disappointed. The portion may have been slightly less than filling but thanks to my stellar waitress, Meaghan everything on the menu was described clearly and accurately - and enthusiastically! By telling her it was our first time there I felt like we got the royal treatment and everything was delivered just as she described it. No failed expectations there. We also ordered an appetizer of cheeses and the chicken poullard which was filling, seasoned perfectly and cooked to the letter. 
My other observation is that James appears to be simultaneously upscale and unpretentious, which I really appreciate. Some people were dressed up, some were slightly casual, but I never got the sense that there were any sideways glances. I like when a well-curated restaurant can pull that off - because I'm usually the ding dong that drops my fork when all's quiet. 
Now the bad news, and this is truly not specific to the restaurant so much as it's location:  I would love for this restaurant to be ANYWHERE near a parking lot but there's no changing that. I do believe that valet parking is available in the neighborhood, however. But if you drive then maybe try to go on a temperate night. Otherwise your experience might be marred by getting slapped in the face by trash, like I was, because I got all dolled up on the windiest night of the year and had to walk 8 blocks to get there. At one point we thought it was snowing...nope, dirt. Once I got in and shook the sand fleas off and flossed the grit out of my teeth, I was okay though.Still waiting.....serious, I'd still be waiting for my entree if I hadn't told the waiter I was going home to go to bed if it took another 20 minutes.....did I mention that this conversation happened after we'd been seated for 1h30??
I can understand that unexpected sh*t happens and I could forgive the lapse in time if a) the service was acceptable and b) the food was good...ok hot even.....anything other than what we got.....
As for point a, it seems like the staff at james has a lack of respect for their clientele and an inability to tell the truth. The hostess swore there was only 1 reservation available at 8pm when I called, but the restaurant was half empty when we got there. The waiter swore the delay in service was due to "high demand" (again...not all of the tables were full) and "people ordering in an unexpected order"....how many ways can you really order appetizers and entrees??? Then he had the gall to tell us he talked to the kitchen and "the chef is cooking away at your entrees" (again after 1h30 seated and the afore mentioned conversation) as if he was doing us a favor...I kindly pointed out the fact that it is the chef's job to cook our dinners. After all of that he said he'd comp one of the courses and ended up taking off 2 glasses of wine.....that $18 didn't even cover half of one entree.....thanks for looking out!
As for point b, one would think after waiting for 1h30 that delicious food would be served piping hot. It was neither. The kitchen was obviously just trying to get through the service. Our duck ragu pasta had intentions of being great but it was cold and small. My roast chicken was such a strange consistency I have to wonder if it was fully cooked (I'll let you know tomorrow how it goes down.....)
There's really only one way to sum this all up. Worst. Dinner. EVER.I kicked off a gluttonous gastronomic stand this last weekend with Friday night reservations at James. I had previously made a reservation on a day James wasn't open using OpenTable, and James felt so bad they sent me a gift card to encourage me to try again. So impressed, I tried again and was overall pleased, but feel a mix of pleasure and pain. 
Pros
-Food - pretty much all our dishes were excellent, though standouts would be the duck ragu tagliatelle and the olive oil poached halibut which was as tender as sushi. Don't hesitate, order the salted caramel semifreddo for dessert.
-Environment - elegant but casual. I've read comparisons to being in your most stylish friend's living room and that wouldn't be far off.
-Service - all the staff were exceedingly polite and knowledgeable. I think they all have advanced degrees. 
Cons
-Price - I can't quite wrap my head around the price. James is great, but I'm not sure it's $30 pork tenderloin great. Or $14 martini great. By and large one of the best things about Philly is that it's not NYC. James may have lost sight of this. (Then again, employees with advanced degrees don't come cheap anywhere.)
-Je Ne Sais Quoi- all of which adds up to a very slightly dissonant experience. I think all the elements were there, but somehow I left just a little underwhelmed by James. Perhaps it was the overall sense of value, bang for buck. But that's not quite it either. So I'll leave it to the group, did anyone else go to James expecting to be dazzled and left feeling just expensively pleased?Wow.  The quality of food at this place could give Le Bec Fin or the Fountain a run for their money.  Especially since it was much more creative than either of them.  Definitely not cheap, but a prime example of "you-get-what-you-pay-for".   it's so nice to get a restaurant of this caliber on our side of Broad Street at last.My friends were in town from Aspen and asked me to pick our dinner place. Their only stipulation was that it have a good wine list. I hopped on Yelp and decided on James after noticing that pretty much EVERY review was five stars. We were NOT disappointed... and one of us is a chef! The restaurant is laid out and decorated beautifully and the servers are EXTREMELY polite and knowledgeable, almost to the point that I wanted to flying tackle our waiter just to see how politely he would handle it. We chose about seven dishes and split them all and every single one was absolutely amazing. Top that off with three of the best  lychee cosmos I have ever tasted and I was in heaven. This will absolutely be my go to restaurant for special occasions from now on.We ate here for our anniversary and was expecting alot after perusing through the menu and reading reviews.  Bottom line is that the food is good, but nothing that made us feel "wow, that was good".  Out of 10, plating 8, food 7, originality 6.  Overall, was a bit overpriced for the quality of food.  We read that the flavors were complex, but we found them good, but nothing special.  We had the herb crusted snails, duck ragu (the best thing we had), I had the cod (bland), and my wife had the chicken poularde.  Dessert: apple turnover (yummy), the bacon ice cream was...unusual...didn't really work for me...couldn't figure out what it really tasted like.  Won't really be coming back here again, as there are so many other good Philly restaurants that we haven't checked out yet and are worth going to for special occasion dining.The chef still has what it takes to make superb food but the restaurant seems to be either phoning it in or else severely stressed as it is not what it once was. The pappardelle with duck was way oversalted, so now one of our fondest dishes there is something we'd never order again. Portions were weirdly inconsistent (huge amount of veal entree, appetizer-size striped bass entree--luckily we just shared them so it evened out) . Our waitress, lacking actual wine knowledge, just made things up--she was quite sure that Toro (a place) was actually a variety of grape. Told us that the sommelier (still Jim Burke's wife Kristin?) was "tied up" and could not come to the table. Wine markups are now 3x retail. The wine list is thoughtful but none of the wines on it are available by the glass--only vino cheapo on that list ($9 a glass for wine that comes from a $9 bottle--not in the same league as the $50-and-up wine list offerings). Desserts are still one hundred percent fabulous.wow, so underwhelmed. five stars for potential please humble yourselves.My boyfriend and I were in town from Chicago for the weekend, and decided to make a reservation at James after reviewing different restaurants online prior to our trip. 
This was one of the most memorable dining experiences either of us has ever had. The food, wine, ambiance, and service were flawless.  The owner was ever-present on the dining room floor and she made sure that people in the restaurant were thoroughly enjoying their time there. I'd fly back to Philly for another meal at this restaurant anytime. Thanks for a wonderful time!Over-the-top in every way.  No doubt these are pros at work, but the menu and atmosphere are both "trying too hard", frankly.  And just wait until you get the check... if you've had enough wine at that point you could be lucky enough to not suffer from sticker shock 'til the next morning, but sooner or later you will.  
Glad to say I did it, but unless someone else is paying for me it's a once-and-done.Bottom line: When can I do this again?!
I feel weird giving 5 stars after only one visit, but I am truly smitten by this place.  I had been wanting to check this place out for a while, and finally went here on the Friday after Thanksgiving for a nice dinner with my boyfriend. 
The place is lovely, elegant - spacious open dining area, modern decor, simple and chic.  Very relaxed and friendly staff.  Some other reviews reported terrible service.  We sort of had two servers, which was a little strange, but at least our requests were timely satisfied.  While our main server didn't immediately tell us about the menu, I believe we were also spared the three-course spiel and, instead, had a welcomed opportunity to have our questions answered and choose our own menu.
EVERYTHING sounded amazing on the autumn menu. I love mushrooms and maitakes and truffles were the darlings of the menu, it seemed.  We started with fresh, CRISP, ultra-briny oysters from Vancouver.  Go while the papardelle with duck ragu is on the menu - it was absolutely phenomenal.  The pasta was fresh and tender, and the very mild presence of chocolate and citrus surprised and delighted both of us.  That was the MVP for sure.  For mains, I had the jewel case with fettucine, cauliflower, and lightly seasoned with mullet roe (again, perfect pasta) and Alex savored the poularde with porcinis (moist and rich).
Presentation was beautiful, decor sophisticated but inviting, staff was great, nice wine selection, pretty darn romantic.
When I come back: snails and sirloin.Before actually setting foot in JAMES, I had been trying to get there for months.  I could never manage to get anyone to accompany me, though.
The first time I visited the beautifully designed restaurant/lounge was on Saturday of the Italian Market festival.  My boyfriend and I figured that since we were in the neighborhood we should stop in for a drink.  
It was early in the evening (only about 5:00), and it was just us and an older gentleman in the restaurant.  We took a seat at the bar, and ordered two drinks.  I had a glass of pinot grigio that I chose from their extensive wine list.  They also have a few good local beers on tap and my boyfriend chose a Dogfish Head Aprihop.  So delicious.  I definitely suggest tracking down Aprihop or Sly Fox's Royal Weiss, if you can.  They are both available at JAMES, and both super tasty.
Before we had even settled in at the bar, we'd struck up conversation with a bartender by the name of Theo.  He's a great young guy with a fantastic sense of humor, and the ability to carry on an engaging conversation with just about anyone.  He filled us in about the brief history of JAMES, the type of crowd the restaurant sees (older in the evening, young professional at night), and his favorite dishes.  We had a great time winding down from the day, and chatting away.
A few weeks later, we returned with a dinner reservation.  We went to dinner directly after work, so we were again the only people in the establishment.  The dining room isn't very large, but they don't try to overload it with tables.  Every table seems to have a good amount of space alloted to it, and I didn't feel cramped at all.
Our waiter was one of the best I've ever had.  I will admit to being a bit of a picky diner, (I think because I've been a waitress, I've seen that it's not a difficult job to handle as long as you stay organized and attentive.  Seriously, not that hard), but I have never been so impressed.  Unlike a lot of waitstaff, he was well-versed in all things food.  He was able to answer any question we posed regarding the menu, and even made wonderfully pairing suggestions.  It doesn't sound like much, but knowledge of your menu goes a very long way with me, and I was very appreciative.
I ordered the roasted rack of lamb, while my boyfriend went for the wild snapper.  Before the meal, we were offered a taste of the pork pate on a piece of french bread toast.  We shared a serving of asparagus, and even followed dinner with dessert; a cheese plate for me, and goat milk ice cream for him.
What I loved most (and what I love about all good meals) was that, even after eating all that neither of us were over-filled.  The portion sizes are perfect and allow you to enjoy something from every course.
It's a great place, to which I'm definitely returning.My wife took me here for my birthday dinner because we had a groupon discount. The atmosphere and decor were very nice and fancy, and the service was incredibly friendly. 
The food had unique and eclectic combinations of flavors which I appreciated; however, the portions were very small. We ordered two appetizers, two entrees and a dessert, but I still had to fill up on buffalo wings afterwards!This review is for those who don't have the time to read through most of the other reviews.  If you want a lovely evening with a date, in a neighborhood that's hip but low key, in a setting that is romantic but not cheesy, eating food that may be enjoyable and somewhat creative but is not stellar, and if you don't mind paying $85-100 pp for the experience, this is the place.  Vis-a-vis the food, do not expect Django in its hayday, or Bibou on a good night, you'll like it just fine.  Probably really great for happy hour as it has a bit of a speakeasy vibe.   I can imagine choosing this place for a delicious tryst, away from my usual hangouts.  
The first time we tried it was about 3 years ago, shortly after it opened.  We had to adjust our expectations mid-way through the meal, and after that it was all good.I went for drinks to James and I have to say it was pretty nice.  
Lovely contemporary design, large print from local artist which also happen's to be the album cover for panda bear's person pitch.  This inspired some nice conversation with the friendly bar tender.  
There is a fire place which makes for a cozy winter evening.  And the staff is attentive and makes sure you are well served and enjoying your visit.   
It's a bit on the pricey side but if you are looking for a place to impress someone or just feel like you are enjoying someplace a little bit nicer than the usual gastropub, you won't break the bank with a few drinks here."James" has become an adjective for me and my wife, as in when we go to other restaurants and we ask eachother if their entree is "James good."  The answer is rarely yes.  
There is too much to love about this restaurant.  The food, most importantly, is exceptional.  They have two chicken items, one at the bar and one for the dining room, each of which takes the relatively pedestrian dish to new heights.  I have taken many friends and relatives here, and always suggest the Poulard.  They all agree that it is the best bird they have ever tasted.  The chef has a way of combining flavors that most would not consider, like the truffle and lemon soup which boggles the mind.  Each of the American cheeses on the cheese plate are delicious and paired with a perfect condiment. 
Also of note is the bartender, Theo, who infuses his own gin, vodka, whiskey and rum to create the house cocktails.  While I am a traditionalist at the bar, usually opting for a straight up gin martini, Theo continually turns me on to something modern.  The strawberry, tequilla lemonade is delicious, but my favorite of any of them is the Gin Bug, which is a mint and cucumber Hendricks martini.
The hostess/sous chef/co-owner Kristina has done a remarkable job decorating and creating a warm, welcoming atmosphere featuring local artists.  
The only recurring complaint on Yelp is that the prices are a little high, but I feel that they are justified in the quality of food and overall experience.  Do yourself a favor and make a reservation soon.I live right around the corner and as a poor grad student I haven't been able to enjoy the restaurant (yet), but I go there often for happy hour on Tuesdays. Well I just found out they have an extra special happy hour on Sunday! There is a $4 glass of wine (one white and one red) and 1/2 off a particular beer. 
I went last night with some friends and since we were getting such a nice deal on wine we decided to get some food. My friend and I ordered the slow-roasted chicken for two. You get a healthy portion of chicken and a plate full of vegetables. The chicken was tender and the skin crispy and delicious. There were so many veggies I can't remember them all but I especially loved the creamy leeks! 
I still want to enjoy a proper sit-down restaurant experience there but in the meantime I will probably be there most Sundays sitting in front of the fireplace sipping red wine and eating slow-roasted chicken!So maybe complaining about the location WAS worth it? I know I wasn't the only person who was put off by where James was, and now it's closed. Coincidence?We went to James for a dinner date a couple weeks ago. It has been on the list of restaurants I want to try out. 
We had the Burgundy snails, risotto alla milanese, duck pappardelle, and the slow roasted poularde. I really liked the snails and the pappardelle. Risotto was interesting with the raw oysters in it. But the poularde was on the salty side for us. It's certainly a place with great atmosphere for a romantic date. I enjoyed my experience and the service but probably won't go there again. It's one of those places you check out once then move on to the next one.The best decision I made was vetoing Union Trust and suggesting James for dinner.  My friend Brad A. recently got into b-school and I had made plans with him and his fiancee for a celebratory dinner.  We had originally planned on steak, but I'm over it.  So we decided on James after hearing a few unbelievable reviews. 
James didn't disappoint.
Our server, Ashlee, described specials so eloquently that it was clear she had a background in food -- so we asked her.  Turned out she's a CIA alum...to have a CIA alum working front of house at a restaurant of that size is a testament to the quality of the meal we were about to have.  Kelly then helped us with a wine selection and helped us pick out a pretty good Bordeaux -- not exactly my style but a very enjoyable bottle. 
For amuse, they brought out a delicate duck liver mousse on crostini -- perfectly balanced and seasoned.  As appetizers, we chose to split the sweetbreads, the duck ragout, and the oxtail agnolotti.  The sweetbreads were well seasoned and cooked properly, but given the description of the dish (saurkraut, mustard, relish), I was hoping for an acidity in the sauce that I just didn't get.  It was a good, not great dish.   
Homemade pastas were a different story.  Now to me, the sauces, fillings, etc. were just very good. The duck ragu in particular did not blow me away -- it was, well, as a ragu should be: concentrated, tender, a tad smokey from an occasional burnt end, a little salty, and on this it delivered.  But even with the shaved chocolate, it wasn't the differentiator.  The differentiator in both pasta dishes was a thin, tender, delicate, perfectly-cooked-to-lose-all-gumminess pasta.  Since this meal a week ago, I have sought out a few different homemade pastas and I can't find anything even remotely close to satisfying me as much as this particular pasta did.
For mains, two of us went with the poularde, one the bass.  The fish was good, albeit not memorable.  But the chicken -- so tender.  So well seasoned. So moist.  So -- bocuse d'or? See, this is not just a piece of chicken cooked well --  my understanding is that he tops a breast with a chicken forcemeat, which keeps the chicken moist as it cooks.  Served with spinach and mushrooms, this is a dish I will not forget any time soon.
My dish memory continued as we split one dessert for the table -- a coffee mousse (sweet, but not too sweet, an intense, but not overpowering coffee flavor, and an airy consistency) and a strong cup of coffee rounded out a great meal. 
Foobooz recently ran a piece on how restaurant row has moved away from Walnut Street, what with Chipotle moving into the Susanna Foo's location.  Dare I say with two restaurants (JAMES and Bibou) dishing out unabashedly traditional, yet entirely approachable food at very high quality within blocks of each other, one could make a strong case that the culinary epicenter of Philadelphia is at 8th and Christian.SOOOOOO good.  I'm a vegetarian so going to a really fancy place is always a bit of a risk, cause you never know if you'll have enough to eat, but the server was ridiculously accommodating.  When we told her we were veg, she basically formulated the perfect meal in her head, went back and asked the chef to adjust things for us (omit the beef stock or the shrimp or whatever), and came back and told us what we should get.  She was completely right, and we had one of the most amazing, albeit one of the most expensive, meals I've ever had.  Also points for the super-knowledgable and friendly bartender, who talked about booze the way geeks talk about comic books.  Oh and the server's dresses are cute and different and flatter every figure. The one complaint my boy had was the music, which was generic jazz-world-fusiony crap that was just a tad bit too loud.  I wouldn't have noticed if he hadn't said anything, which I guess is supposed to be the point.It's decent. Totally overpriced. They have $7-9 pinot noirs on the menu at $10 a glass. It's kind of insulting. 
 I had little crostini that were completely inedible b/c they were meant to be one bite pieces and the toast was so hard it was like trying to eat a a piece of crunchy cardboard. The service was nice and the evening was nice but I will never bother going back with so many truly captivating places to go to in this city. 
Lovely selection of oysters -- thumbs up with that one. Of course they didn't have to do anything but choose them and  put them on ice. 
The main course sounded amazing and was certainly nice enough but for a $34 entree? It wasn't really*great*. I've had meals that you taste and you are blown into another stratosphere, and this wasn't one of them. at all. 
The decor is blah to the point of being boring. I would be surprised if James is able to stay around --- it's one of those places that just seems doomed to disappear.Don't go if you don't want to adventure.  If you want a great fusion of flavors and ingredients, this is the place for you.  Well prepared food, knowledgable servers and great atmosphere.  Pastas are awesome, as is the fish.Excellent food....very very small portions.  
I loved the interior of James.  Service was wonderfulJames is a fine dining establishment on 8th at Christian, in the Italian Market area. The space is separated into a bar/lounge and dining area, and manages the balance quite well. Relaxed lighting, quiet music and a wood-burning fireplace give James a very mellow and classy feel. Overall, we loved it and will go back again. 
10/07 Update-
I've been back to James several times, and as long as my paycheck will allow, will continue that pattern. The service really is pretty stellar, far exceeding bella vista neighbor and overpriced bloat The Saloon. James has added an excellent canape spread for those seated at the bar - if you order for two you can pretty much stuff yourself on pate, fried risotto balls, watermelon soup and some other goodies. Or just cut to the chase and get the hand cut tagliatelle with duck ragu, shaved chocolate & orange, which seems to have become the signature dish here. This is a great place for special occasions, and though you may need to ask for some explanation of a couple menu items, the staff is very down-to-earth.
I recently went to a Sly Fox beer tasting at James and was blown away by the off-menu items that were served. The chicken Poularde was just ridiculous, especially following a fat piece of King salmon confit. I hope for everyone's sake that these items get added to the regular menu. 
Happy hour has been moved to 10-12 on Tuesdays, I believe. I think it's a wise move, in terms of not having a bar crowd curtling with an at-times older dining room clientele, but that's a tough draw on a school night. Local beers are on special during happy hour.Even without bar service (as of yet - give 'em a week), an exquisite dining experience, with perhaps one of the city's best pasta dishes and a post-meal artisianal cheese selection that's out of this world.
*****
A second visit proved just as delicious at the first, with only two "downers" to report - finely finding my ass perched in the dining room, it may look romantic but man oh man is it L-O-U-D in here. Not that I mind, but the visual mood doesn't quite match up with the decibels.
On the food tip, man oh man do I wish the tasting menus were available on the weekends. In essence, you get the feeling that's where the true orgasmic glory lies, in pitch-perfect wine pairings that one can only guess at from the view on Saturday.its just so sexy in there. small  and comfy. everyone is pretty. great service. altho i have not had a proper dinner here as of yet, kelly the bartender is awesome. we tried a couple dishes and a dessert. yum. it is pricey. worth it, but just isnt in my budget at this time. booooo. so, ill stop in for a drink and an appetizer until i can experience the full james dining. but every time i am there, i see happy guests. full of praise.Overpriced is just the beginning. Boring and Overpriced. Two even better words are "Don't Bother." 
Honestly, I cannot believe that my fellow foodies wronged me. Craig LeBan, please set the record straight. 
Let's start at the beginning. The space is beautiful. The staff is well-dressed; lots of chocolate and light blue, and flat-front trousers. They were all nice, knowledgeable, and professional. I expected to spend double what we're used to and to be blown away, 
The roasted beets at North 3rd are exponentially better. The goat cheese "foam" didn't do anything special for the lifeless, soggy beets at James. 
Next, the star of the evening, the homemade ribbon pasta (tagliatelle) with duck ragu and shaved dark chocolate. A small plate of heaven, albeit the dish wasn't warm enough. It was room temp at best. Sad.
Our entrees. The waitress neglected to inform us that the lobster appetizer special was $45. True, I didn't ask. But when she told us that the other special was $24 and then left a blank after filling us in on the lobster-tizer, I assumed the price range was similar. $45? The mini lobster was so undercooked that she would have done well to have introduced the dish as sushi. Then, when the bill came and I found out it was $45, and realized that she was deliberately misleading about the price, I was disgusted. 
My husband's dish of halibut, pan seared, over the blandest beans - in color and taste - we've ever seen was $30. A very unfunny joke. Someone please tell me why this place has been praised, by anyone. 
I'm disappointed at the waste of money, yes, but I'm also just in shock at how many good reviews this place received. Honestly, this place isn't worth the cab ride from downtown.At first I was a little apprehensive of the 4 dollar sign rating and the fancy menu.  But it's not as pricey as I expected (It's more like a 3 dollar sign restaurant).
The duck pasta dish was excellent - the flavor was subtle but not bland.  I also really enjoyed the risotto and a bite of the pork tenderloin.  The menu appeared complicated but when it came to taste it was actually fairly understandable.  In the words of Goldilocks - "It was just right."
The staff was wonderful as well.  Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable.  The setting was nice as well...comfortable and welcoming.  Everyone should eat there.Another happy James customer! Food was incredible as was the ambience. Had a great b-day dinner for a friend...be warned of the impact it will have on your wallet. But worth the splurge!Went to James the other night for a special dinner out.  Everything was lovely.  We waited in the little fireplace lounge for about 10 minutes---it was very cozy.  Their cocktails are incredible; delicious and boozy just the way I like them! We were seated at a table for two which was rather large... I like a smaller table for intimate dining! We had a salad, the jewel case, the duck pasta, lobster and a steak.  Everything tasted amazing. 
The only issue I have with James was that for 175 (before tip) I'd like to be full.  Not satisfied, but full.  
I'll be back for happy hour!Food was okay for the price you pay. This is our third time at the restaurant and I swear it gets worse each time.  We sat at the bar twice and the bartender is the slowest. Don't expect great service.  Their waiting system is not efficient whatsoever.  I purchased the Groupon deal and was disappointed with the type of service we got.  I noticed at the other table, they were served better and also received an amuse bouche. Conversely, we were served no amuse bouche.  Could it possibly because of the Groupon?  I don't know.  I was so frustrated with the wait staff esp. the bartender.  She was slow as ever. On the bright side, the food is good but overpriced.  I recommend the duck ragu and chicken.Bought a Groupon for James back in the summertime and finally went there a week before it expired.
Food portions, and wine pourings, were small. Food was ecetic, as we had parpadelle with duck topped with shaved chocolate, and even though we had three courses I still left hungry.
I was impressed with the layout and design of the restaurant and the fireplace in the bar caught my eye. I would go back to have a drink and eat in the bar area. 
Nice that it's an upscale restaurant in the Italian market area that isn't old school South Philly. But if you're looking for that, check out Cucina Forte up the block!
NOTE: People were pretty dressed up, so I would dress accordingly.I have been to James 3 times now. Their cocktails are the most memorable part of the restaurant. They are mixed so perfectly, balancing the flavors of the ingredients just right. James uses very different slightly unusual/rare ingredients in their dishes- for example, Hawaiian blue prawn risotto. Their famous dish is a duck tagliatelle which always appears on their seasonally changing menu. The menu describes the duck tagliatelle as having chocolate shavings and orange, but I could not taste either flavor. 
The other very memorable part of the restaurant is their decor. They clearly paid great attention to their restaurant design, as the color theme of green and brown is beautifully done throughout. Their waitresses even wear green or brown (depending on the season) Susanna Monaco dresses. Their decor is so elegant and simple that it is almost like going to a someone's impeccably designed home. Their silverware is a little hard to hold, so eating can be a little awkward. This is a great restaurant for an intimate meal to celebrate a special occasion. However, the neighborhood leaves a little more to be desired.Had always wanted to try this place and finally after seeing rave reviews in Philly mag we finally made a reservation and went. Overall we were happy but for the money we didn't think we received great value. Another issue was that there were no pure vegetarian dishes on the menu. Usually there is at least one at every good restaurant we go to. The chef did make a wonderful risotto for us however. 
We liked the service and the wine selection was good (and pricey like the cocktails). 
Would we come again? Nah.. for the money we'd go to Vetri anytime.Meghan made a delicious South Philly Sweet Tea last night, and was especially charming. Every Tuesday morning I wake up and realize that later I"ll be at the best happy hour in the world with the best friends in the world, and all the nonsense at work melts away.James is fabulous, I know, you know, everybody knows. But is it just me, or is it really, really bright in the bar area? It's not like I want to drink in a cave or anything - unless the cave has a really good DJ or something - but could they bring it down just like one notch? It's hard to enjoy all the exquisite food and drinks when you feel like your retinas are getting burned out.For our 35th wedding anniversary (ours was an arranged child marriage we are not really that old) we decided to give James a try and were not disappointed.  The decor was great, the food wonderful and the wait staff was superb. James made a special evening even more special. Highly recommended.I don't know another late night happy hour like this around town. You order drink after sophisticated drink and suddenly, though your legs develop cocktail bruises, your wallet doesn't. Before you know it, you've bought drinks for many other bar patrons and your bill doesn't exceed twenty one dollars. Am I just really charming or is this place just -that- special? It's that special, and my charisma merely won me smiles from the bartender, not any special discounts. $3 drafts and half off specialty cocktails.
If you appreciate an aesthetically pleasing ambiance with in-the-know folks, go here on a Tuesday night between 9 and 11 when Meghan is behind the bar. Most likely, you won't be sorry.Wow my friend Jen and I loved this place.
In Philly for 1 night from NYC, we're so glad we ditched nearby Wash Sq Hotel after (really good) drinks for dinner here.
Never satisfied with a mild buzz we indulged in house drinks while waiting for table - 30 minutes although we had a reservation.
Never mind as we'd never bitch while sipping the Jameshattan - cinnamon and spice infused bourbon given a royal Manhattan treatment.
SUPER friendly staff including chef who came to check on us!
A bit pricey yes but well worth it all - go for mussels with snails or lamb three ways.
Tiny dollops of homemade ice cream also aces, esp. salted caramel!I just have to add to the kudos other reviews have posted. Initially I was a little shy to go considering a rash of less than par reviews from yelpers complaining of blah food & small portions. 
I brought 5 friends here for New Year's Eve & it was awesome! The menu was flavorful, the portions just the right size for the number of courses served and the atmosphere humming. There was no wine paring offered, but the sommelier had great recommendations to match every course that stayed within our budget. This place offers leisurely dining - we were there for three hours and enjoyed every minute of it!James is the kind of place that you want to go, eat to your heart's content, and then have someone else pay the check.  Interestingly, this is what happened to me and my friends.  Our check was taken care of by a generous, most likely drunk, stranger.   Let me clear up a couple things though - yes, that was a first (for all of us),  we debated a while after it was offered and no it did not become a "Pretty Woman" situation after the fact either (there was no quid pro quo here, I promise) - but that's another story for another time.
In any event, I'm sure this stranger must have had deep pockets, because this place is expensive.  The menu is structured in such a way that you must order 3 courses to really experience a complete meal.  And those three courses, before wine, will add up to $75-$80 a person well before you include cocktails, wine and desserts.
The food is delicate here, modern and refined - the service is too.  As always, they aren't afraid to use truffles (oh, sweet love of mine!) and they are generous too, giving you slices instead of a sprinkling of fairy dust truffle -  They mean business.  Portions are correspondingly on the smaller side - but I prefer quality over quantity.   The result?  For the most part, it delivers. A few unbalanced hits here or there (one being the risotto, sadly).  The food is beautiful with some dishes being appropriately more complex than others, some underwhelming.  On the whole, it's definitely a fancy night out with elegant offerings.  Gorgeous airy space, sizeable bar area, a wine list that could stand to get some reinvention with perhaps a couple different price points too.  
Bottom line, Philly has spoiled me with the BYOBs, so unless the pricier restaurants don't stun me with their food,  I'm a little reluctant to throw too much praise when I can go elsewhere for half the price and eat just as well, if not, (and only in limited cases) better.What a gem! 
Ambiance: Decor says city chic and sleek swank but lighting is intimate and warm and the overall people aura is far from pretentious.  
Service: I think they were training staff but despite a few hiccups of slow service the staff here are focused on giving a smooth evening focused on helping you enjoy your evening and the chef's preparations. 
Food: Innovative with some minor execution bumps. 
Chef brought out a nice bright amuse bouche that gave my tastebuds a nice spark to open up my meal.  Menu changes seasonally but if you have the opportunity to try the Risi e Bisi (risotto with english peas and bacon gelato), please do so. Especially if you love any of those ingredients! Bacon gelato was perfectly salty-smokey-sweet. My main entree of Maine lobster with peaches and chanterelles was good but not the best as the lobster was somewhat overcooked and bitter. However, my counterpart's Halibut with Hearts of Palm was delightful. Really loved that they had prepared different parts of the Hearts of Palm, bringing out various textures. 
For dessert, we had a cherry clafoutis and a chocolate-hazelnut semifreddo with raspberry sauce/compote? The latter was far more memorable and especially if you are a chocolate/nutella lover ... 
Drinks: Honeysuckle Iced Tea Vodka was one of the BEST cocktails I have ever had. Not too sweet and the vodka brought a nice little edge to bring it all together. Though if you prefer boozy drinks - probably not your best choice. Definitely a good indication for their "Hours of Happiness"
A few bumps but some truly memorable dishes that continue to haunt my tastebuds. At it's price point, this place is great for special occasions but their Hours of Happiness sound like the best deal!Class act front of house staff paired with exceptional food variety, served at just the right sized amounts. Has the Risi e Bisi ...the best I've had to this date!! Just need a reason to recommend this place to my friends now!!I was excited to see another restaurant open up in Bella Vista...not that there was ever a lack.  Was even more intrigued when I saw the decor and learned that a friend painted the beautiful wall in the private room.  It has a clean modern look and a really lovely bar.  The food is delicious, love the tagliatelle.  The portions are sufficient and you won't leave hungry if you follow the staff's suggestions.  The desserts are creative and their ice cream is divine.  Just be ready to splurge.I really enjoy Tuesday night happy hour (9-11pm).  My friends have been going for a while,and I'll be joining them for most of the Tuesdays to come.  Megan is an exceptional bartender, the atmosphere is great, as well as the drinks. I highly recommend !!!There was very little to be displeased with this restaurant, so let me just get it out of the way. Even with a reservation, we needed to wait an extra 15 mins past our reservation time on a Friday night. 
The good: everything else. This place has 'foodie' written all over it. Even as a frequent dinner at some very interesting and upscale places, the menu left those in my dining party feeling a little out of our element, but our waiter was so knowledgeable and the staff so friendly and the menu so unique and comprehensive that we had no problem coming up with a truly awesome dining experience.
The decor is gorgeous, and I wish I could replicate it in my home. The pasta may just be the best thing that I've ever put in my mouth. Yes, for real it is that good.I really wanted to give James five stars.  The food is amazing, the staff is very attentive (sometimes too much), and the setting is beautiful.  We were in no way dissappointed with anything we ate.
My problem stems from the general layout of the menu.  I'm not really sure why pastas are separate from entrees, and separate as in they'll-put-you-back-an-extra-$18.  I just don't get it.  Call me uncultured.  Call me a non-foodie.  It just makes no sense to me.  And then I'm not sure what to pair with what.  I guess I should have asked my server what goes best with what - but in such a setting, I want to be eased into the meal.  I've been there twice now, and each time the food was fabulous, but each time I ended up spending over $100 per head.  We're talking on three small plates.
(And to let you know, I'm not one of those dinners who expects chain-restaurant sized portions.  I just feel value for money here is a bit... lacking compared to other amazing restaurants, one of which is a mere three blocks away.)
Gripe #2:  Wine list.  Nothing under $55/bottle for average wine.  Really?
Last gripe, and this is more a personal thing - we ate there about a week ago and the chef came out to greet another table.  Being that there were three tables seated at that time, we would have liked to thank the chef as well for our tasty meal.  But, he never took the time to greet us.  Could be that the other table were over the age of 50, but last time I checked, we were all paying the same prices for the meals.  It just rubbed me the wrong way.  Either greet the crowd, or don't.  I've been to PACKED restaurants where the chef greeted every single patron.
I'm going to try the Tuesday night Happy Hour and see what that's all about.  I hear it's pretty wonderful.
Again, love James, but a few small things are keeping me from giving it 5 stars.
Oh - but get the homemade ice cream - it's to DIE for.Last week I went to James's for the first time.  It was a very chill low key spot.  It wasn't too crwoded for a thursday night, which was nice because I'm really over crowded places.  
The drink selection at James was very impressive.  My first cocktail was a Hendricks and Honeydew.  It was amazing.  I think it also had some candied thyme in it.  I tasted some other cocktails that my friends had ordered and they were equally tasty.    
The Bartender Theo made my friends and I drinks all night.  He provided some great conversation with out being to intrusive.  I also watched him make some custom cocktails throughout the evening that looked incredible.
I really enjoyed the vibe at James and will be going back in the near future.The atmosphere and interior design is modern yet comfortable.  I'd come back just to relax in their lounge area and enjoy a drink.  i was pleasantly surprised to see that they carried local-favorite Bluecoat Gin.  If you like Bombay Sapphire, this should be your new choice.  It's made in Philadelphia, people!  Support local business.
(I digress.)
The food at James, as indicated by some many other reviewers, is excellent.  The choice of food combinations at first blush seems curious, but after tasting it you have a full appreciation for what the chef was thinking.
The service was fine.  Our waiter tried to upsell at every opportunity, which may have been the only negative aspect of our experience at James.  They "recommend" three courses because the portion size of each dish reflects that approach.  I understand and appreciate their thought process on this but it seems a little contrived.
If you like California wines, you're out of luck.  Their list primarily consists of Italian and French wines.  The sommelier, though, was very helpful in helping me find something along the lines of the Californian varietals I prefer.  Her recommendations were excellent.
All in all, I like James.  I would go once or twice a year.  And I would recommend it to friends.DON'T GET THE OYSTERS!!!!! 
We enjoyed the ambiance and the food despite the small expensive portions (not the best lobster I've ever had) ..except for the oysters which tasted less than great and were served plain on ice. We had to ask for vinegar,lemon, or cocktail sauce...something to mask the fishy taste. We should have sent them back because I got home and came down with a fever and was throwing up for the rest of the weekend while my poor fiancé held my hair back (he passed on the oysters after tasting one of them....I should have done the same!) He called and left a message with his number alerting the staff that I was food poisoned and to discontinue serving the oysters and never got a response. For the hole burned in his wallet and the weekend of sickness that almost landed me in the hospital--and with no return phone call acknowledging this, it was NOT worth it! Never again.This is a very good restaurant.  It's worth your money and your time. The food, the service, the place; the whole package has genuine integrity.
I missed something our waiter mentioned, and when I commented on this to a table-mate, the general manager materialized out of nowhere to tell me what I needed to know.  
Wine advice was exactly right--encouragement concerning  what I picked, and a double-check to be sure I got the correct producer; affable sommelier. 
Server was great, and knew the food.
Big-eye tuna is excellent.  Cavatappi was  delicious, but I needed a knife for  the pork, and I didn't have one.  Really, really tasty though.  Greens were perfect.  The scorpion fish was very nice, too.  And the lemon verbena gelato was exceptional.
I thought the balance between the Italian roots of the cuisine and the chef's personal/practical goals was great. 
We spent $450 for 4, enjoyed every bite, and will certainly go back.The food was nicely prepared. The pasta with duck ragu with shaved chocolate was very good. The pasta was al dente and shaved chocolate went very nicely with ragu. The champagne mushroom risoto was excellent. But the entrees was somewhat forgettable.Okay so I must first say, we first were going to go to the Fountain at the Four Seasons for Sharon's bday. However, a friend said it might be a bit too pricey for some of us. Then we were going to go to Vetri, but Vetri is closed on sundays. My friends birthday fell on a sunday this year. Yet, the actual sunday that her birthday fell on was the day after the 2nd big snow so James closed due to the snow and south philly's lack of snow removal. Then we rescheduled and that day was crap for all of us. So, finally three weeks after her birthday we went this past sunday.
So, maybe because of all the hoopla I was not sold or thrilled about James. 
The place is adorable and maybe if I lived in that hood it would be my go to place for a drink. It does feel like being in someones living room.
Sunday does have the perk of the fixed price of 40 for a set appetizer, entree and dessert. The perkiest part of that perk is that you don't have to get that, you can order off the menu, one person can get that and not the entire table has to get it. Which is cool. Some places like distrito and zahav make the whole table get the set menu thing. 
So three of us had the poularde which was so talked up on here and in philadelphia magazine I expected chicken heaven. Only leetle bits were crispy. Yes, it was moist and tender, but it was almost like a really high quality deli meat. You know what I mean? Sharon had the halibut which she didn't mention whether it was yay or nay.
We all agreed the spinach and mushrooms served with the chicken were tasty, but a bit oversalted. This seems to be a theme in philly restaurants of late. 
The best part of the meal were the oxtail agnolotti. If I was ever to return I would probably order two orders of the agnolotti and a dessert. The pasta is ever so delicate and the filling is perfectly seasoned and tender almost like cheek meat. 
The desserts were tasty. I had the passionfruit tart which was a miss, however the semifreddo was divine and so was the chocolate cake. My other friend had the cheese dish which she said was heavenly.
The olive bread was also lovely. 
I'm just not so thrilled with James and I maybe it was all the rescheduling?I also felt the place is very overpriced especially for the neighborhood ( eventhough this is the new hip restaurant locale)With the (currently trendy) four-course, small plates format, each at 20+, you probably aren't going to be calling it "Jimmy".  And, if you don't have tenure yet, this is definitely a Groupon adventure.
James is plus ambiance, service, and creativity.  On the other hand, the tempura burgandy snails and duck ragout somehow were slight misses.  (The former being a bit busy/salty/sweeter than I'd want it to be.)
The real standout in the whole thing was the champaign oyster risotto.  If everything was at that level, James would be an easy 5 stars, even at full price.  As it is, 4.I went to James for Valentine's Day Dinner, but it wasn't on Valentine's Day; rather, since I failed to make reservations months in advance, it was on the Thursday beforehand, right smack in the middle of Snowpocalypse, Part II. (If you're counting at home, this is the third review in a row in which I've used the word Snowpocalypse... Will I go for four? Only time will tell.)
James was incredible. Unfortunately, as a reviewer, I come up short when it comes to explaining why a restaurant is great. It is so much easier to write about one that is merely good (and even easier to scrap a bad one). I find that when a restaurant is truly great, any attempts to catalog the experience are for naught... I lose myself in the moment, and am left with only a vague memory of the meal, as if it were some marvelous dream.
This happened at James. I remember arriving, I remember ordering a Jameshattan, I remember it being quite good, I remember the amuse bouche, I remember the swift replacement of the scallop in the amuse bouche with heart of palm when I informed the waiter that I am unfortunately allergic... Then I apparently lapsed into some sort of fugue state.
I know that we ordered the sunchoke soup and the octopus for appetizers, the tagliatelle as a shared middle course, and the red snapper and the risotto as entrees; I know that each was impressive. As far as specifics, though, I'm at a loss.
BOTTOM LINE: James is expensive, no doubt about that, but it's worth it: Great food, great drinks, great service, great décor. Overall, an outstanding special occasions (or regular occasions if you are stacking chips).I have been DYING to try this place for the last year, so I used my boyfriend's birthday as an opportunity to go.  My boyfriend can be apprehensive when it comes to foodie-type restaurants, since some dishes are "outside the box" for him, but I was thrilled that he ended up loving the restaurant.
I loved the decor .  It was chic yet cozy.  I felt like I was in someone's nicely decorated dining room.  And it was very romantic.  
Cocktails are inventive and they offer a nice wine list.
We started with tomatoes with burrata and eggplant mayo.  The burrata melted in your mouth.  Next, we each got a pasta course.  I got the duck ragu with papparadelle, one of their signature dishes.  I always want to like duck, but tend to be disappointed when I order it.  This time I was far from disappointed!  My boyfriend's spinach tortellini was also delish. 
Another signature dish is the chicken, which my boyfriend got as his entree.  He loved it.  I got the Maine Lobster dish, which was tasty and had interesting flavors.
For dessert, we opted for the trio of homemade ice creams.  In the mint chocolate chip, you could taste real mint. 
Now I understand why JAMES is always on the top of the list of best restaurants in Philly.Now that I've been twice I'm ready to say I've had two of my best dining experiences at James... the only other contender was a great meal at Marigold Kitchen a few years ago.
I'm thinking about what dishes I want to describe but I'm not going to... thinking about them is beginning to hurt.  I'll just say Hanger Steak and leave it at that.
The atmosphere is interesting here - with fewer people it seems a bit cold, but when it's filling up, it's quite comfortable.  And it should always be full, considering the quality.
I first went while it was still BYO shortly after opening and have returned this fall (07).
This is four Bell food and service in a two bell neighborhood... hence the three bell rating.i wanted to see what all the fuss was about. here's this hot new restauarant that, a la dr. dog and not much else, is making a name for itself even outside of philly. 
well let's start at the beginning -- the host was, simply, a tiny douche of a man-ish thing. if you take all the negative aspects from the stereotype of the cosmopolitan gay dude, you get him. same thing if you take all bad from the archetypal bitchy hostess: unkind, unhelpful, unfriendly and uncalled for. he soured our birthday dinner from the start, unfortunately. 
i don't know if he's gotten a big head because the restaurant has some great press or if we were treated kind of second class because we were the only people under 25 not carrying plates. this is a problem i don't much run into in philly, but it truly pisses me off. 
however, our waitress was super, super enthusiastic about the food and the background of james. as great as that was to see, i didn't want an obviosuly pre-fab tale cooked up by the owners about what free spirits but serious foodies they are, having traveled here and there learning to eat this way and cook that way. just give me a sentence, tell me the customs and specials and let me soak the rest up. 
in any case, the food was yummy. the pasta in duck ragu was fab, with the pasta itself thin as a breath. the meat was great too, but nothing as impressive as, say, audrey calire's mushrooms. and the portions were quite large as well, everything was splitable, but there is a $2.50 spilt fee per plate. 
plus, there was an hour wait for our meals. all praise be to the man going 'round with the bread basket!
none of the desserts looked impressive, so we left them in favor or some wine elsewhere. 
so, as good as the pasta was, and it was good, the place just did not give off a homey, welcoming vibe. maybe it's philly's lot to be nasty in its "we're not nyc or dc but rather stuck in the middle" insecurity. but i rarely experience such a crystallization of that like i did here. from the host-creature to the decor to the other diners -- who were the type you'd find at alfa, the type you don't want to know, the philly-yuppie plus.I wanted to give this place 2 stars because I was so disappointed by the portion sizes and price but I thought it would be unfair. 
First, let me start by telling you what I LIKED about James. It's beautifully decorated. I really liked the interior. Everything from the walls to the server ware - it was beautiful. Our server was great. She was friendly and knowledgeable and helped us make our selections. The food was good. It wasn't great but it was pretty good. 
What I didn't like about this place.... 
THE PORTION SIZES WERE TOO SMALL!!!! It literally took us 3-4 minutes to finish our entrees. We ate our meal so fast that our server commented how quickly we finished our food. Aside from the portion sizes, it was VERY EXPENSIVE. I don't mind paying for a good meal but I want to leave the restaurant satisfied. We were still hungry when we left so we went to Phileo for some frozen yogurt. By the time I got home, I was still hungry and ended up making myself a sandwich. 
The food is good, the service was good and the atmosphere was nice but because of the portion sizes and price, I won't be back.Every Tuesday I meet my friends here for happy hour.  All the drafts are $3, and there is always a specialty cocktail - last night it was a Mexican mai-tai, featuring house-infused strawberry tequila, and it was delicious. All winter long I was warmed by rummy apple ciders.  The bartender, Megan, is super nice, and I don't even have to ask for refills anymore, they just magically appear. I haven't tried many of the food items on the menu, but I did recently eat a beautiful smoked fish plate with a slow egg on top. I have never had egg prepared this way, it was a little round yolk that looked like it would ooze when popped, but instead it was smooth and creamy, almost like a custard. It was amazing! Next time I am going to try a trio of ice creams, they are all made in house and sound amazing!James is proof that the axiom, "a man's reach should exceed his grasp" is not always true.  I was impressed how spacious and well done the dining room and bar area were.  The wait-staff were also extremely pleasant and very attentive (perhaps a tad too much but  I'm okay with that).  
The disappointment however was the food which while showing a tremendous amount of creativity and shear skill mostly fell short in the flavor department.  
An amuse-bouche of potato, tuna tartar and pistachios accompanied our Prosecco.  Sounds great, right? It should have been but it was served at room temperature, the potato made it somewhat pasty-bland and it needed something else like a colder serving temperature and a tiny dollop of wasabi or some lime (or both) to tie all the flavors together.  
A first course of cucumber gazpacho with avocado and sweet shrimp (another great idea) was simply bland.  The almost diced avocado chunk swam around in a broth of strained cucumber juice and a few pieces of shrimp.  Another good idea but none of the flavors melded in any discernible way.  
Pastas on the other hand were great (stinging nettle tortoni and the all too familiar tagliatelli with duck ragu, which everyone seems to be doing these days, including me).  
Last was a rolled tenderloin of lamb, roasted to perfection but again needing more intense flavor (pepper and salt, perhaps?) surrounded by fresh fava beans and morelle mushrooms in a very lovely demi-glace reduction.  I preferred the more flavorful morelles over the somewhat bland lamb.  Over all my impression was that the food showed the skill and the creativity of the chef but the walk-away impression was that the flavor volumes needed to be turned up considerably.
I measure a restaurant dining experience by whether the food has the ability to transport you to someplace else.  (For example, Le Bec Fin, Osteria,  and Chung King Palace) At the end of my meal, I was right where I started, no worse but alas, no better.  I really wanted the dining experience at James to be exceptional in so many ways but it was unfortunately not except that it failed to deliver what I hoped it would.Went here Sunday evening for our one-year anniversary, a worthy occasion for that Groupon I bought back in the summer.
The (very nice, if somewhat overeager) waitress introduced the menu and recited the nightly specials, going on at some length about the oysters they had available.  I wanted the Sunday Supper menu, which that night was a cardoon gratin not on the regular menu, the Berkshire pork entree from the regular menu, and a dessert of plum and creme fraiche.  Sadly, you cannot get the tasting menu when using a Groupon, so we ended up going totally a la carte.
An amuse bouche of endive soup arrived before our meal.  It was about a mouthful of pretty delicious endive and bacon essence, but the rather-too-large-for-the-serving coffee mug it was served in was not heated beforehand, so it was already lukewarm by the time I drank it.  It was like somebody's leavings from an order of soup.
We shared the herb-tempura escargots to start, then each got a pasta dish and an entree. The escargots were tasty enough, the plate was well-balanced, but there were literally 5 escargots on the plate.  I've had escargots in much fancier places than James, including Le Cirque, and this dish just  didn't stand up in flavour or value.  Everywhere else I've ordered them I've gotten a plate of at least 10, even at Le Bec Fin during Restaurant Week when they can be really stingy.
The pasta dishes we selected were the "venus jewel case" and the duck ragu papardelle. The venus jewel case was a pasta dough pouch filled with spinach fettucini, bacon, cauliflower, and truffles.  The pasta was baked in the pouch, but the pouch didn't get crispy enough to add anything complimentary to the dish.  The pasta inside was tasty, although I found the truffles to be flavourless and almost non-existant.  It was a good middle of the meal portion, not too big but not tiny either, however I failed to see the quality of ingredients and craftsmanship to warrant at $17 price tag.  The duck ragu papardelle was good,  I couldn't taste the orange in the dish, but the chocolate added a nice finish.  Again, it was nearly cold by the time we finished eating it because it was served on a tremendous plate that hadn't been heated. Portion size was slightly smaller than the venus jewel case, which was quite hearty and could do you solid with an appetizer and a cocktail as a full meal.
For entrees I ordered the Berkshire pork and my other half ordered the halibut.  The entrees really highlight my issues with this place.  The pork was perfectly cooked and the beans and fennel puree that accompanied it were delicious, but the cold plate problem struck again and I was spooning cold beans over my last bites of pork.  The other half's entree was almost excellent, but the bizarre composition left it unsatisfying.  The oil-poached halibut arrived atop a pedestal of fresh Hawaiian heart of palm, all jiggly and translucent and looking for all the world like a strangely coagulated rectangle of KY jelly. When a fish is prepared this way I like to see the skin left on and then crisped up at the end.  The fish was well-cooked but totally under-seasoned; it tasted like halibut and olive oil, nothing else. The roasted tangerine jus (the only colour on the plate) didn't taste enough like citrus to bring any life to the dish, and it desperately needed something crispy and salty (and also more of the really delicious heart of palm puree) to make it into a dish anyone would want to eat again.  Flabby, jiggly fish on top of a tough round of heart of palm is not terribly appealing.
It was also really empty, which made the basic mistakes in serving that much more disappointing. A few other side notes: the bread looked and tasted like it came from Whole Foods.  We both picked the olive loaf, and when the waitress was gone looked at each other and said "This is from Whole Foods!".  We buy that bread relatively often, tasted identical to both of us.  We passed on dessert but they brought out some tiny cookies and a candle for our anniversary, which was sweet.  The cookies were good. 
All in all (including two cocktails that neither of us really cared for) the damage was $145 or so before the Groupon.  We were full, the food was mostly tasty, but I can't help feeling like I could get a better meal for less than half the price at any number of really great restaurants in town. I doubt we'll go back.Outstanding food and service.
Perfectly done sweetbreads.
The best chicken I've ever tasted-no kidding.
Absolutely incredible lamb, perfectly done.
... and you have to love any restaurant that has Porter Creek wines on their wine-list.
We'll be back, for sure.Everything was wonderful. My boyfriend and I went to James to celebrate  my birthday. The restaurant itself is beautiful, exposed brick, candles everywhere, excellent lighting. 
The service was formal and attentive, but friendly. Our server coursed out our meal perfectly. We had plenty of time between our courses to cleanse our palate and relax. 
The food was fabulous. The Roasted Beets with Goat Cheese were light and refreshing. The Rise e Bisi was wonderfully fresh. Who knew a pea risotto would be so delicious! The Agnoletti was paired well with the blueberries, but the lemon thyme in the dish was a bit aggressive. The Poularde was so tender. In fact, everything we had was cooked perfectly and tasted incredibly fresh.
Overall, this was an incredible experience. Kudos to James!James came so highly recommended by some friends that are close with the owners, that we had to give it a try.
To start, the decor and ambiance at James takes the cake.  They have done such a simple yet inviting layout with the small space.  
We sat at a large table smack in the middle of the room, yet didn't feel like the other diners were in on our conversations.  
I was super excited to try the Gin Bug...as I am the biggest fan of Hendricks in this world!
It was so perfect and refreshing!
We went with some friends, so we had the chance to try about half of the menu so we could taste it all!
My hands down fav was the Tagliatelle with Duck Ragu with Dark Chocolate and Orange.  Everything else was great...some dishes a little bland, but had potential.
I would disagree that this restaurant isn't pricy...unless you aren't very hungry and aren't drinking.
The portions are pretty small, so definitely suck it up and have 3 courses, it is soooo worth it!
Live it up!