Their pre-prepared bagel with cream cheese was old and nasty. Avoid!
Otherwise, it's a reasonable downtown place to get your groceries, at least on emergencies...I live right in the area and Jay's is really convenient if you need to grab a quick snack or a sandwich. The employees are very friendly, especially the owner who seems to know all of his regular customers and he's always making funny jokes. Their sandwiches are made to order at the deli and they used fresh, quality ingredients such as Boar's Head. If you don't want to wait for a sandwich to be made they always have some already prepared. They can be pretty pricey for a convenience store though so I look to other places if I need anything that isn't food, although, if it's an emergency I'll get my toiletries from here.
If you're looking for a good sandwich for your lunch break there's nowhere better than Jay's.Awesome deli with friendly staff. Great selection of snacks including nuts. Deli sandwiches are good as well.Well there are bodegas in your neighborhood that you only visit when you are too lazy to wander any where far for a quick bite and then there is Jay's Deli. 
They have top notch sandwiches and delicious Paninis to choose from , which are layered with fresh produce and top quality meat cuts, and it surely makes for one heck of a bite. Their combinations are also quite extraordinary, like the Prosciutto on Focaccia sandwich , or the jewish hogie, Cranberry sauces and my personal favorite P4 with Pesto. 
The staff is super friendly so much so that they know me so well that i need to do is call and they already start making my sandwich before I even an order ! They also have a great selection of unique cheeses that mysteriously make it to my fridge and cheese plates quite easily. 
Jay's is more than a convenience store to me and now that their CC limit is 5$ and that they started accepting LevelUp payments it is hard not to stop and wonder why din't I stumble upon this gem earlier !Jay's has never let me down. It has a wide selection of food for a corner store, and the staff are really friendly. The paninis and hoagies are quite good.this is obviously my favorite deli. the veggie hoagie is bangin', and they'll swap out lettuce for spinach at no additional charge. no seating area, but a good standing nook by the door. a great place to hang out and tranny watch on a saturday night.I'm sorry, I can't muster up the energy to write a whole song-review for this spot, but I DO want to review it. There are some pretty terrific parts:
-Breakfast sandwiches for less than $4 - on a bagel or croissant. DELICIOUS.
-Friendly staff
-Convenient location on Spruce 
-Lots of little snacks (some even feel reasonably priced - I wouldn't deck out a whole dinner party here, but if you need to pick up something to bring, it's a worthwhile stop)
If I was in the neighborhood, I'd stop by again.I come here all the time for grocery items that I seem to always forget until I'm making dinner. They're dog friendly and always have milkbone treats for my pup when I bring him with me. He LOVES coming into Jay's. Although I'm in the store part quite often, I hadn't tried their deli until last week and it was really good! I got their Italian hoagie which they make with Boar's Head meat and it came with a bunch of fresh toppings like peppers, pickles, lettuce, tomato, and onion. I usually can't eat a whole hoagie to myself but I could have with this one. I'll have to come back to try more of their sandwiches.To those living in the Washington Square West vicinity, near Avenue of the Arts, Jay's Deli is fantastic. Interestingly enough, I never look at this small convenience store as a deli, and have only had a sandwich there once. However, I believe it is the convenience store that keeps Jay's in business. They have a really large selection of everything from pet products to housewares, as well as frozen and fresh foods. Great hours too!$5.00 minimum on credit card. Great selection of frozen meals, dry goods, snacks, and drinks. They have a smaller section for fresh fruit and veggies as well. In addition, there are also toiletries and a small shelf for tools and DIY fixes. Deli has solid hoagies. The size is a bit small compared to the $7 you pay. Try their Italian special.I ordered a turkey sandwich, and it was okay.  Not the best deli meat, and the bread was run-of-the-mill wheat.  What I didn't like at all was being asked "what on it?"  Instead of starting with a basic sandwich, I had to guess at what they might have available.  Lettuce and tomato were easy.  But I had to ask if they had peppers, and what kind, etc.  It would be nice to have a list of ingredients available on the board or on a menu.  HUGE selection of beverages and pantry goods.  There were all manner of pickles and canned goods from various ethnic cuisines.  Might not be a bad place to shop if you live nearby.Great sandwiches!!!! So many options and they have Le Bus products. Great place for a quick lunch or bite.Best coffee in the area.  Hands down.
Not to mention, everyone in there is soooooooooo nice.Ohhhh mannnnn - go, and you'll be glad you did.
I live just down the street and discovered this gem a few weeks ago. I had only been in to get little things here and there and have been pleased with how friendly the staff is and how well stocked the store is.
But then it gets real good...I ordered a sandwich. Like, just a few minutes ago. I'm literally eating it right now and it's the best reuben I've ever eaten. EVER. I had to stop after a few bites to log on and sing Jay's praises. Paired with my reuben, I'm also enjoying kettle cooked chips (reduced fat, nonetheless. Thanks for keeping me "healthy" Jay's...), snapple, and a kosher dill.
But don't take my word for it, go experience it yourself! I hope you love this place as much as I do.I stopped by for a little snack on my afternoon lunch walk.  Workers inside were nice enough, if not having a very animated discussion about who knows what.
It drove me crazy that NOTHING seemed to have prices labeled on them. Wanna know how much a bag of Herr's potato chips are? Don't know. How about compared to Lay's?  Take a wild guess.  What about a bottle of Fiji water? Beats me.  That was really annoying, I must admit.A little pricier than a grocery store, but you pay for the convenience. Perfect for when you forget to buy an ingredient during your weekly shopping trip.Their sandwiches are delicious! Super fresh. Try the grilled veggie... You won't be disappointed!Great little corner store when you need to pick something up quick. I live around the corner from here and while their prices might be a little higher than a grocery store, it is worth the convenience. I think every time I have gone in there, they had what I needed. They also sell pretty good sandwiches and paninis from a little deli. Happy to support a local business!I'd been going here for years. The people who work here are very nice, and I never had a bad sandwich (i always got paninis or the special sandwiches) up until i got my first hoagie from here. The roll was stale, and it was smaller (in both length and the amount of ingredients) than nearby delis. It wasn't as thick/stuffed as other Italian hoagies in the area. This is more of a 2.5 rounded up because I don't want to be mean, but I'm choosing to get my hoagies elsewhere from now on. I might come back for the paninis and whatnot. I had a prosciutto, mozzarella, and roasted red peppers sandwich from here once with some kind of garlicky bread that was tasty.For a period of time this was my neighborhood deli and I couldn't miss it more now that I am in Grad Hospital. This place was always stocked and the guys working there were always nice making it easy for me to continue to patronize them over other convenience stores in the area (and there are many others). They carry a good selection of meats and cheeses as well as almost any junk food you're craving. Their prices are OK compared to other similar shops in the area.  I would definitely stop in if you're in the neighborhood and looking for a good sandwich or a quick snack.Wedged inside a building as non-descript as its place in the popular Philly sandwich hierarchy, the sandwich counter here churns out reliably good work. These are not cute concoctions of foie gras on a jelly donut with bull's penis meant to snag blog headlines, they're thoughtful, well-executed sandwiches. You know what you're going to get and you're going to like it. A lot.
The P1, turkey breast and swiss panini with bacon, tomatoes, red peppers and Russian dressing ($6.29) is fantastic. Russian dressing on turkey sandwiches is as indispensable of a combo to me as nasty cheese on nasty meat is to our lovely cheesesteak city.
The S5 features prosciutto and mozzarella with red peppers, spinach, olive oil and pepper on focaccia bread ($6.19). It was good, but I'm not big on focaccia bread, so I liked the P12 better, closely related with prosciutto and mozzarella with roasted peppers, sun dried tomatoes, and pesto.
The P2, turkey, ham, American cheese and tomato pesto is the only dud I've had. It tastes like bad pizza.
It's also important to note that while the convenient store is open late, they stop making hot food around 8:30 or 9, depending on business.
Jay's takes great ingredients and makes them their bitch, frankly.I've been ripped off by this place several times. Old meat and cheese that weighed less than what I paid for. (Their scale is conveniently hidden so you can't see the weight -- and there's no weight on the labels. But, guess what, I have a scale at home!) The cheese was so old the last time that I gave it to my dog. And, yes, the woman who works their is in need of some serious customer service training.Yes! This place works when you don't have time to go to the grocery store. They carry my cat's food, snacks and litter-and in the little container so perfect for 3 flights of stairs!
Can count on them for hummus and whole wheat tortillas too.
They also carry my favorite vegan pre-packaged deli sandwiches-F I can't remember the name.Working from home and lacking any semblance of self-control, I can not keep food around the house so this has become my go-to deli. Here I can pick-up a loaf of good Italian bread (except on Sunday when it's decent round rolls), half a pound of cold cuts, a lemon for my iced tea and perhaps a red onion and I'm good to go for the day.Although you will feel a bit gouged, think about the convenience provided. Their hoagies are good, fresh with Boars Head meats, and they provide a great selection. I am up the street so I go here often.  Everyone there is nice and really willing to help you find what you need.Jay's makes a solid hoagie!  They use Boar's Head meat and Le Bus rolls and the lettuce and tomato are always fresh and delicious.  If you are in center city and need a sandwich (or to pick up a few grocery items), you cannot go wrong here.Nasty lady owner screamed at employee in the most horrible way imaginable thereby losing this customer.I was thirsty as it was hot outside.  they had cold drinks and some warm ones too (if that's your thing).  yahtzee!!!Great convenient store. my girlfriend's dorm building is right next to the place and they have everything you need for your quick food necessities. They're deli sandwiches are fresh and delicious. Also ,the people there are very kind and friendly. Just make sure if you use your credit/debit card your spending more than $5.What brought me to Jay's Deli was that other other deli was closed on Sunday evenings. I went with the veggie hoagie, which was okay. And I was glad to see they charged less for meatless hoagies and they accept LevelUp.
Even though Citi Marketplace's deli was closed, Jay's veggie hoagie didn't compare to the wide selection at Citi.Good hoagies and salads along with prompt service makes Jay's a hit in my book.  The place is clean and the people working at Jay's are polite and make the experience a good one.  
They have a good selection and the veggies are fresh.They have a huge sandwich menu. My go-to is a panini with grilled chicken, bacon, cheese and bell peppers. Grab a drink and some chips from the grocery section, and you're good to go. Great lunch option if you work in the city.Jay's Deli is a great place to get a sandwich to go. The sandwiches are consistently packed with meat like overfilled suitcases and yet they maintain the near-perfect meat:bread ratio. One of the best things about this place is that they never skimp on the napkins! Some places don't give enough and then I'm like, "great, now I have to interrupt my feeding and walk over to where my paper towels are." But with jay's I never have that problem.I go to Jay's Deli for just about everything, as it is a block from my apartment.  You can really get just about everything (within reason) that they carry at a grocery store, just slightly more expensive.
I stop in each morning for a cup of coffee (so-so), a pre-prepared bagel, and a huge bottle of water.  The counter staff, except for one wretched woman, is courteous and seem genuinely thankful for the support.
I have only had a few sandwiches from Jay's, but most have been satisfactory - nothing special but not terrible.  They do have a cooler full with pre-prepped salads and sandwiches.  I always get the chicken caesar - which is a pretty good salad.  I would steer clear of the prepackaged sandwiches.I stopped here when I just had a second to spare to grab some food before work.  I got a veggie sandwich that came with surprisingly crisp, fresh, and delicious vegetables, including a healthy slab of bright green avocado.  This sandwich starts at just $4.15...not bad.  They also carry the 32 oz. bottles of Vitamin Water here.
I do agree with whoever mentioned that it would be nice to have a list of all the toppings that you could add to the sandwich instead of playing the guessing game over what they "might" have.  Whatever, I'll still come back.I've been here to pick up a few last minute items a few times - but it's their sandwiches that earn this 5 star review.  So far I haven't made it past the P1 - Turkey & Swiss Panini because it's so delicious, but the menu is creative and everything is fresh and made to order.  This will quickly become one of my go-to lunch spots.I love Jay's Deli because the owner is hilarious. If you care about that kind of thing you'll like it too, otherwise it's just a normal deli like all the other ones nearby. Oh I also like it because it's a block away from my house and sometimes I really need ice cream and there they are, with a freezer full of Ben and Jerry's.First of all, I love all of the people who work here. Especially they older men, they are so nice and funny! I love their selection of drinks and snacks and especially their sandwiches. There are so many ways their italian hoagies are better than everyone else. The provolone is extra sharp, lettuce is extra green and they use red onions! When I moved out of the neighborhood, every time I wanted a sandwich, I missed Jays. Now that I moved back into the neighborhood, I feel much better. It may have even been one of the reasons I moved back in the first place.In and out in 4 minutes ! Ordered, picked up an italian hoagie,peach iced tea and was out the door. Great service ! if this was wawa i'd still be waiting in line.I live across the street so I come there often.  They usually have what I am looking for but the prices are outrageous.  The owners/employees are very ungracious and are not accommodating.  They act as though they are doing you such a huge favor by ripping you off.  Loyalty at Jay's Deli doesn't mean anything to the owners.  Go to Pac a Deli on 12th street for great service.I'm a jerk. 
Of all the times I had pit-stopped at Jay's to get some food on the run, I've never once had a sandwich made to order. Dumb move, Liza. 
Whatever. What's done is done. 
The good news is that I've learned my lesson and will be a little bit more attentive to the nice man behind the counter.  From now on, I will give him a worthy task (sandwich crafting) at least every other time I stop in.  
On the other hand, when I simply don't have the time to spare, I'm goin to keep getting those wraps from within the fridge at the front  of the store... because, quite frankly, they're awesome.  
Other delightful things of note: buy-in-bulk type snacks portioned out for you (YES!), random "gourmet" goodies, and those freak-nasty bottles of ginseng drink that you can't help but guzzle.Stopped in here last minute and my sandwich is freshhhhh to deathhhh! :D so yummy! Super friendly customer service and convenient! Will def be here again... And again... And again ;)jays is a super corner store. they have le bus products, pretty good coffee, produce, zesty lemon hummus (one of my diet staples), spices, deli, etc etc. as far as convenience stores go, they are pretty good. they also have a low fee atm (you have to spend a minimum of $10 to use your card) obviously it's more expensive than the grocery store but not so much that you feel robbed. their aisles also make for some pretty good people watching...This deli is banging out the best hoagies. My standard fare includes the honey turkey with everything. Load it up. I'm a big fan of Boar's Head meats, and this fine deli features it in all their sandwiches. The ingredients are always fresh...you can tell a place by its lettuce. Here at Jay's, always fresh and crispy.
They've also got a wide selection of less than typical chip options. Pirate's Booty is awesome and ohhhhh wait...quite possibly the most amazing item on sale here is the Asian gummy candies called Hi-Chews. Buy the strawberry flavor and you won't be sorry.While I haven't tried the sandwiches, I was just in the mood for chocolate (and Swedish Fish) when I stopped into Jay's, but after browsing through the store, I realized it's a good place to find last-minute grocery items should you not be able to make it to a one-stop supermarket.  Their beverage selection is quite expansive as well!  Definitely something to keep in mind next time I'm in the neighborhood!mmmmmm. 
I work around the corner from this place so if I'm hungry i'm likely walking here if I'm too lazy to head up to walnut.
Their deli is super well stocked with lots of different options for sandwiches that are absolutely delicious. I had the turkey club on potato bread and it was sooo good. Could have used a little bit more bacon though. 
For breakfast, their options are a little bit more slim, they have breakfast sandwiches wrapped in foil and sitting under a hot light, but that's not how I roll so I can't give a definitive thumbs up or thumbs down on those. 
however! Their bagels remind me of the kind you'd get at any bodega scattered over the five boroughs in ny. Not toasted, pre cream cheesed, and HUGE. Plus they're DELICIOUS! I'm not one for untoasted bagels, but sometimes I just get that craving for one... I have a bagel problem, honestly. 
Their coffee is great and fresh as well.
Go get some.For my purposes Jay's serves as a viable lunch option, but from repeated aisle roaming I feel this small corner store would be a solid market in any neighborhood (even without beer).  Jay's makes the elusive sandwich that you wish you could make at home and bring in to work; the freshest Metropolitan Bakery bread, crisp veggies, and a thick pile of Boar's Head meat and cheese.  Add a huge variety of chips (Dirty Chips. yum) and Le Bus poundcake for dessert and you're talking the perfect comfort lunch.  You'll see the same friendly faces working here day after day and they definitely remember you; always a solid lunch option.On the hunt for subs?
Real corner store quality
A gem in midtown
Started working in center city a while ago and have had a hunger for an Italian sub since then. Sarcone's is too far for a lunch hour, and seemed like there was a dearth of quality places I could go. I've been to Jay's many times when out in Center City, but only to pick up Gatorade, chips, or some other corner store article, but never thought to grab a sandwich.
I was wrong. This is THE spot to grab a sandwich in center city. Stopped in here on a whim and took a chance on the Italian. And I'e been back 5 times since in two weeks. The sandwiches aren't obnoxiously large (see Gooey Looie's for reference), but rather crafted for actual eating with great quality ingredients.  Great rolls, Boars Head meats, and fresh produce that isn't wilted. Running down the list of things I want in a sandwich, Jay's hits every single item.
Their meatball subs are also pretty stellar, with huge meatballs and not drowning in sauce.
I really look forward to exploring the other offerings on their menu, but I'm still stuck in the Italian every time phase. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.I am a regular. I came in and realized the Deli guy had closed down and he told me he couldn't do anything for me. I told him I understood. I scurried around making sure I could buy stuff that was enough to meet their credit card minimum. While I am there a man with his dog comes in and Sammy the cashier feeds the dog from the counter. While that is happening the Deli guy slices some lunch meat for the dog owner who informs that it was "pre-sliced" ~ the Deli employee tells me that it wasn't "pre-sliced" but he can't do it for me. Really? Right in front of me. Not over.Ehhhhhhhh.  Eeeeeeeehhhhh.  This place doesn't have the best food or the best prices.  Sandwiches are solidly mediocre.  I confusedly ordered a "Sausalito" today, and apparently by "Sausalito" they mean "turkey hoagie", which is fine, but does it really need a fancy pants name?  Blah blah blah.  They at least take credit cards, and the people are nice.  Decent if boring edibles.I wanted to get a sandwich before going to a club down the street and stopped in to Jay's. They prepared for me the most beautiful, artfully arranged veggie sandwich I've ever had! It was delicious, I was so happy I happened to stop by!Great counter food including hot paninis and wraps. I hesitated on giving 5stars because of some overpricing, but what small store in the city isn't pricy (there are some real bargains too). Friendly staff, fresh produce, long hours, and some specialty items put this place over the top in my book. Jay's is a staple in the neighborhood. Warning  ... This is NOT the place to buy cigs unless desperate. WAY more expensive than anywhere and they don't accept manufacturer coupons.I'm finally reviewing Jay's.
The best part about Jay's is...they're there for you! This place and their friendly staff have been great to me over my years living nearby. They were there when I suddenly came down with a cold, been hungover, had a late-night craving, or needed a quick bite for lunch...and everything in between!Clean, great location, amazing deli sandwichs.  This place has it all and is run by a really nice family (I think). They are always polite and never get my order wrong. Everything is fairly priced and great selection of everyday house hold items you may need.I come here to get paninis. I've had maybe half of them and they are all so good. They use boar's head. They also have normal convenience store stuff and even a little produce section with cucumbers, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, lemons, etc. Usually just go here when I need one thing and don't want to go all the way to the grocery store. It's not a bargain, but oh so convenient. The staff is very pleasant.This place is a solid and dependable grocery store.  The sandwiches are good.  The service is quick.  Word to the wise: the guys who work behind the sandwich counter like to ogle....leaving you feeling a little gross. But it's convenient and they really do sell a lot of things.....incuding plungers and mouse trapsThis grocery store will not give a refund if they sell you bad food. I recently bought a container of Heinz cocktail sauce that had black goop on the inside of the sealed lid so I didn't discover it until I opened the container at home. I returned it to the deli and they would not give me a refund - just a credit for another item. I'm not returning there again.Jay's is a friendly and reliable little neighborhood deli/convenience store. They're stocked with LeBus bread and Boar's Head cold cuts, both of which please me. It was nice to grab a piping hot breakfast sandwich, a toothbrush, and deodorant -- all in one go! These kinds of places may be common in Philly, but in the suburbs where I live, they don't exist, so I'm grateful to have them around when I'm in the area.
My deli sandwich go-to is their turkey special on rye with Swiss cheese, which includes coleslaw and Russian dressing. I get the latter on the side because I was born to dip my food.
For a few basic needs and a quick lunch on-the-go, Jay's can't be beat!stopped in here to grab some quick breakfast before hitting the road to go down the shore. my fiance and i each got a sausage egg and cheese on everything bagel. guys, seriously skip the breakfast sandwiches and just order a full blown hoagie. the bagel was dense and not toasted as requested (the lady behind the counter informed us that all sandwiches were toasted, ok ok). the egg was one of those frozen egg patties, everything was just so so. thank god we travel with hot sauce packets. trust, we doused our sandwiches in some hot sauce.The hoagies sandwiches and wraps are really good they use fresh cold cuts daily and they have prepared salads fruits and wraps in there fridge. now there prices can get a little crazy but it's worth it and they are friendly there customer service is on point I visit there oftenHorrible experience multiple times. The people are rude and need some customer service training. Not only are they rude, the prices are outrageous (they make you pay double just for going to them. For example, a bottle of water is $5. Never againA convenient grocery store & deli in Center City Philly. I love their sandwiches and they usually carry your basic grocery & snack needs. Not a huge selection of produce, but there is some.
They're open in the mornings, so you can snag a breakfast sandwich on your way to work... and they're open late, if you get a nighttime craving for a sandwich or wrap. I go there a few times a week and don't have any complaints!Always looking to find a good sandwich or as people native to Philadelphia would call a "hoagie".  Anyways, in quarantine most of the places I would normally go to are closed so we decided to try this place out.  I called ahead to place my order on a Saturday and they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  It's basically a convenient store with a deli inside.
One of the best sandwiches I've had in Philly.  The bread to meat ratio was just perfect.  Not too much bread and a lot of meat.  Everything tasted fresh and I was thoroughly impressed.  Planning to go back again very soon!Very friendly place and really good sandwiches for the price. The only problem was the chef's salad didn't have any ham as advertised and was very light on other ingredients.  Overall however seemed like a good spot for a nice lunch.How could I not review my local corner store! Jay's is friendly and reliable - all of the staff are great and always welcome me into the store. They have seen me at my worst and my best, and have never judged me (LOL). The prices at this store are a little higher than you'd expect at a big box retailer (duh), but they are reasonable nonetheless. I always find great deals on cheese and produce in the back corner - just inspect before you buy! The sandwiches are delicious and I always get my wraps pressed on the panini maker. The breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal - let me tell you about the croissants! Yum! Love to have Jay's just around the corner. Who needs a Wawa when you have a place like Jay's!Don't usually write reviews but just got to town and this was something close to the hotel I could grab. Nice clean market and the employees were incredible and friendly, to add onto that the hot sandwich (the P4 I think) was great. Very pleasantly surprisedOne of my favorite parts of moving to a new neighborhood is getting a chance to explore all its corner bodegas and delis. So in my new space, Wawa is only a block away..... but if I'm going to level with you, it definitely isn't my favorite hoagie in the city. (Please don't throw batteries at me!!)
I've passed Jay's a bazillion times and finally looked it up on Yelp. I love you guys. You didn't steer me wrong. 
Ordered an Italian hoagie. Got a beautifully constructed sandwich. I'll post that cross section for y'all. See how they put the lettuce between the mayo and meats so the meat & cheese don't slip and slide right out the roll with your first bite? It's the little touches, man!
They also used some quality meats. The prosciutto was extra tasty.
Can't wait to order many, many more hoagies from Jay's.I get their breakfast sandwiches once or twice a week and you can't go wrong - nothing like a bacon/ham, egg and cheese on a fresh-warm croissant. The service is great and for the price, you can't complainIf you don't like Jay's I don't like you.
Okay, slight exaggeration.
But the sandwiches are really good, freshly made, and the staff is nice.
They offer up random convenience stores--at a premium, mind you--if you need them.
And the coffee...isn't...bad.
Plus, they have produce, cheese, etc. for sale if you're in a pinch and simply need a tomato.
I love Jay's.Great breakfast sandwich! Ordered online and came within 15 minutes ! This here was bacon egg and cheese on a Kaiser.I love coming here for their sandwiches and paninis- they also have a great selection of boar's head lunch meats too! It's a great place to stop in and grab whatever you may need in a pinch! I love having this shop in the neighborhood! Everyone is also extremely friendly and efficient here!