Cheap, cheap, cheap! This place is awesome to pre-game at in Manayunk before you go to the larger bars (Brew Pub, Mad River, Kildare's). I believe Fridays they have $1 Miller High Lifes and $3 Fireball shots. 
Only knock on this place is it's a sausage fest and get's downright grimey on that 3rd floor dancefloor. All in all Cuddy's is a great spot, definitely check it out!
I've also made out with some buffaloes upstairs, granted these girls were not perfect 10s but they knew how to party!I ordered delivery from here for a friend of mine and his son, and it took 90 minutes to arrive. This is not a big deal, however they messed up our orders and left out food. When I called to ask what had happened, they said they had put in the potato skins to the order, but the delivery is with a third party. This means the only thing I can do is call their customer service, and there is nothing they could do, and it was "out of their hands." They would then offer me a refund if the third party confirms it. I did not want a refund, as the missing order was the one for my friends son. So I called up customer service for their delivery, and they proceeded to blame the restaurant, and will get me the missing order. They then called back in 45 minutes, (it has been about 2 and a half hours now) saying they would not delivery it to me anymore, and since it was the restaurants fault all they could do is give a small refund. Worst customer service I have ever had...My friend and I were walking around Manayunk when she decided to chat up two guys walking on the street. "Where are you going? Any where good?" They responded by showing us JD McGillicuddy's. The place has 3 floors (3rd floor has a dj and 'dance' area) and multiple bars (1 on each floor), so there's definitely a scene for everyone.
We spent most of our time on the top floor. It's definitely a younger crowd (at 25, we were probably the oldest ones there). The DJ that night bounced back and forth from dubstep to top 40 to r&b. 
Oh and if you only have a card on you, minimum is $10.Worst bar in Manayunk.  Bartenders are fairly good.  Manager is non-existent and avoids phone calls.  
If you go, leave your phone at home or in the car!!!  I am not kidding.  Bouncers are thieves, one stole my friends iPhone when he wasn't paying attention.  Bouncer was stupid enough to email himself from the device, so it was easy to check the sent mail online and  trace the email address with Facebook;  big black guy named "Randall Sims", works weekends.  
BEWARE!!!!!If your looking for a simple bar night, this is the place. 
No cover, Average beer prices, and an upstairs dance floor. It's not really a "club" dance environment. Almost everyone dancing is with their friends and arn't looking to meet new people. They play oldies and other random hits. 
It's fun with a good group of friends but if you go with 2 people it kinda sucks.Maybe the apocalypse is happening, but I had a good night at a McGillicuddy's bar.  It seems the trick is to get in before the douche crowd shows up to ruin the place.
There was the requisite cheap beers ($1), but the food was decent this time as well.  Had a chicken pizza something and disco fries.  Entire bill was $21... Including 4 rounds of drinks!  Yay.This place is basically Kildares now that Kildares is, well, gone.
It's full of college kids and feels like your average frathouse Thursday through Saturday. But, the wings, while maybe not world famous, are tasty and the specials good, so I will give it a four. It knows what it is and doesn't try to push any boundaries. I'm not about to come here on a Thursday or Friday night, but on a nice summer afternoon this place ain't bad.This place generally sums up the Manayunk experience. Poor mannered staff, terrible menu, awful bathrooms, unclean tap lines, and worst of all horrible service. We rarely frequent Manayunk, due to high levels of douchebaggery and daily 15th grade graduation parties. 
Please avoid this place at all possible costs. I don't even want to give a review on how bad our service was...I will simply never give my money to any of the JD McGillicuddy's franchises, ever. Bar tenders were clueless and ignorant -- servers were locked into their smartphones and socializing with the yocals.
In sum, if you are 21 and looking to hangout with sub-par college girls or pretentious 20 something college bro's looking for the cheapest and dingiest spot in town; this is your place.You know the phrase "nothing good happens after 2AM"?* In McGillicuddy's time, that gets bumped up a few hours. Nothing good can happen here after midnight, at least for me. One time, my friend got punched in the back by some random chick and we all had to form a protective dance circle. More recently, I cut my finger in the bathroom on the toilet paper holder and bled profusely on the dance floor. In both cases, I was too sober to deal.
On the plus side, they have a decent Quizzo night, cheap drinks, and a large dance floor. I can't hold their short-attention-span DJ against them either (he tends to mix to a new song after the first chorus, just when you're singing along and really getting into it). I should probably just learn to pack up my things around midnight and leave before stuff hits the fan.
* This is from an episode of How I Met Your Mother, and I like to debate whether it holds true for both NYC and Philly, or if it should be adjusted for bar closing times. Your input is welcome through the medium of Yelp compliments.We went here to follow up on a check in offer we received for a free app on Yelp. I was clear with the couple of people that helped us that is why we were there so you would have imagined we would have been given somewhat ok service since I said I was there through Yelp. It was horrible. When we walked in there was no one to greet us. After five mins I saw two young staff members chit chatting in the back. They seemed annoyed that I was breaking up their fun to order something. The soda and the beer that we ordered were flat. The people were rude. We put in an order and after seemingly forever complained to server who went into the kitchen to get it. God knows how long the order had been sitting there for. Sigh. Horrible.My friends and I went to JD's last night - they have quizzo at 8:30p and a DJ starting at 10p on their website. We walked in around 1130p and saw it also advertised in huge letters on their *chalk* board behind the bar. However, it was a ghost town and there was definitely no DJ. When I asked the bartender about it, she was flippant and demanded to know where I had gotten my information - I pointed behind her. "Well I don't know why that's there, we don't have a DJ Thursday nights". This bar clearly needs to update their specials and not false advertise and treat customers with disdain when they ask about the disparity. 
That being said, I've been here other times for drinks and they're small but decent specials and food. Quizzo is fun as well. Please update your specials ads!!!Good specials, almost all bartenders are awesome, and in a decent location. My only issue is that when it gets crowded, we're sardines in a tin can. 
Not a fan of the club/dance areas upstairs either. Haven't had the food yetThis place is pretty cool for a Manayunk bar, it has upstairs and i believe a third floor i'm sure, i went here with a running group, and would recommend it for either a few drinks or to stay a while and get hammered, either way it seems like a chill spot...on-onCame here with a group on a Saturday night. The fact that there was no cover was the only good thing about this place. We were looking for a bar that had dancing only to find out their third floor that hosted dancing was closed. Aside from that, there were tons of empty beer bottles on every table in the bar. Barely any staff around either. Not to mention there were drinks spilled all over the floor. If you're a college kid drunk beyond belief I guess this would fit to your liking. But for everyone else do yourselves a favor and stay awayThis place would get 5 stars if the stairs and bathroom lines didn't converge into a huge I-95/ US 322 cluster*uck on the first floor.
How did that ever pass inspection?
Anyways, lots of space on 3 floors, the drinks are reasonable, and the music is good.
They don't (didn't) have any blue Curacao, so that led us to create the Grand Marnier Bomb one night!I've been here multiple times and never had a bad meal. The service is good and they have great deals based on which night of the week you go.Had the wings, boyfriend had the sampler, food was edible not good, mixed drinks were ok. First and last time to eat and drink here.drinks freinds and some music you cant go wrong. good spot to hang out on a night of bar hopping in manayunkWe placed an order through grub hub, the driver was nice and even double checked if the order was correct. He delivered the food and the order was incomplete. We were missing a 5 piece jack bourbon. There was like 5 or 6 onion rings in the box and the wings were not well done as was said. For an hour wait, you think the food would be better. Not the greatest experience for a $30.Mcgillicuddys is one of my least favorite spots in manayunk on the weekends.  It is always packed, the bathrooms are awful (and nowhere near enough of them) and the whole set-up just doesn't work for how many people they cram in there.  There are some positives, no cover, their wednesday night wings special (great wings and a pitcher for $7.50), and i have had good experiences with most of the staff there. I would say overall there are much better places in Manayunk.Crap food, always way to crowded on weekends, and attracts a douchy crowd.  Only redeeming quality is the cheap beer specials.  But you can find cheap beer at better places.  Not worth it.There's no cover which is great. Came tonight at midnight and the bouncer was an asshole because I was finishing a pizza before I came in. Idk, plenty of other places to go around here where you don't get hassled for no good reason.The food is so, so bad.  They refused to customize any of their dishes, even for people with dietary restrictions, and have a ton of restrictions on their happy hour specials making it worthless to go unless you really want to catch a game during that time. They were super rude about taking my order, and when I asked for salsa to go with my nachos, they brought about one spoonful.  I had to ask three times. Horrible service, horrible food, and horrible people. No thanks.The service was great!! I arrived a little too late to try the food. I will definitely go back to try the food. Nie placeMcGillicuddy's is quite possibly the trashiest place I've been to in Manayunk. But does that stop me from stopping by every time I'm in the area? Heck no.
There is no cover, there are three floors so it doesn't get too crowded, and there's a dance floor upstairs. I've always had a good time here and almost always get into shenanigans outside. There are a few picnic tables right out front, so it's nice to sit out there for fresh air when you want to escape the creepers. Though I have literally only bought two drinks from McGillicuddy's in my life, both were pretty cheap, around $2-3 for a beer.
Beware: the bathrooms are nasty. There are four private bathrooms for the entire bar, so the lines are horrendous. Making it into one of them before the toilet paper runs out is a blessing.I don't care what anyone says, I love Cuddy's. Sure, you have to wade through a bog of douchey college age brahs. But there's actually decent food and brews to be had here once you make it to the bar!
They usually have about ten beers on tap ranging from super popular to more niche craft brews. 
I've only ever tasted a few things on the menu, but I like it all. My favorite are the boneless wings in Jack Daniel's barbecue sauce. They taste great with an IPA! I'm also a big fan of the old bay fries. 
The bartenders are always super cute and very nice as well. On Tuesday nights there are 25 cent wings and $2.50 bud lights, if you're into that swill. Still a pretty sweet deal!Cheap, good food.  The bartender appeared to be the only service worker and had trouble keeping up.  The Yelp coupon on here is only good M-F...despite not saying that on the coupon itself.  Wings were extremely good though so I was able to look past most of this.This place has potential to be decent, but their drinks specials are uninspired and their food is pretty terrible. I've had fries, mozzarella sticks, loaded fries, nachos and burgers... Some of them (mozzarella sticks and loaded fries) were, frankly, awful. I don't plan to come here often, because who wants to have a bunch of drinks and then ruin the experience with terrible food?Where to start?  We got there with a pretty large party. Eight people, if I'm not mistaken.  It was a Sunday afternoon and football was on several televisions throughout the bar/restaurant.  Good start to the day.  We got seated pretty quickly and the staff pushed together two tables to accommodate us. Again, very cool and a good start.  This is where the story turns.  I asked the bartender/wait person what they had on tap. I was told that if i wanted to see what was on tap, that I could walk around the corner of the bar and see what the taps read. It wasn't displayed anywhere. If you don't know what you have on tap and your the wait person, that's a problem.  When looking at the menu, they had items highlighted in red with stars on the outside of them. I chose to order one of these.  It was their "signature" burger and was the only sandwich on their menu that was said to be served on a pretzel bun.  When i ordered it, the wait person never asked me how I wanted my burger cooked, and that, for me, is a major no-no.  After what was at least 45 minutes, the appetizers and entrees all came out together.  I ordered potato skins for an appetizer.  They flavor wasn't terrible, but half of them were incinerated.  Not burnt, but vacant of any moisture what so ever.  As for my burger, it was not served in a pretzel bun. It was served on a toasted roll.  When i was served my potato skins appetizer, i asked for utensils and salt and pepper.  They brought out all the food, and still hadn't brought us our utensils.  After asking for a third time about the utensils, they brought us a handful of forks and handful of knives and we had to pass them out ourselves.  And in case you've forgotten, there's still that little matter of some salt and frigin pepper.  We had to get up, walk over to where both the wait person and bartender/other wait person was hanging out, and ask them for salt and pepper.  The food? Average to below aver to poor.  The service?  Even worse.  I haven't had the need or desire to post about a dining experience I had on YELP before, but, this dining experience screamed out for a review.A nice place to chill out after a hike! The waitress was attentive and very friendly. The pulled pork sandwich was pretty good while the wings were okay, but the sauces were what made them amazing.NOTE:  This review was written a couple of years ago, and I received a message from the owner that it was under new ownership. He asked me if I could reconsider my review. I don't live in the area anymore, and I can't go back and try it. So keep in mind that this review may be outdated and this is under new ownership. 
We started going to this place for quizzo last fall.  As far as quizzo goes, it usually starts almost AN HOUR late.  I guess it is a college bar and a Thursday night, but we have to work the next day so this is very annoying and keeps us from going some weeks.
We also started going when they had good (craft) beer specials until about 30 minutes before quizzo starts and then domestic specials for the rest of the night.  Now they ONLY have domestic specials unless you get there before 7:00.  They also got rid of their half-priced appetizer special and their $4 pizza special.  (Pizza is the only food special now at $5.)  
The food is HORRENDOUS.  We've tried probably 15 things on the menu and they have all tasted like they have been sitting under a heat lamp for 30 minutes or more.  Nothing tastes fresh.
The service is okay though.  The girls that have served us have always been great.  The guy at the bar is very rude.  He alone was enough to almost make us not want to come back after one visit.  
Also the bathrooms are disgusting and you can smell them from the tables that are closest to them!!Not bad! Very Irish pub! What a kick-ass happy hour these cool cats offer! I got REALLY drunk off of 4 STRONG rum and diets for 8 bucks! Thank you! Buy one drink get one free is amazing! I also enjoy their Quizzo nights! First time I went there and actually played Quizzo was in September right after Patrick Swayzey passed away and it was a good time! Also, I live super  close so it's nice to walk home after getting drunk off of cheap booze!Stopped here last night with my boyfriend for beers and a light dinner at the bar. We got Matty wings, the Caesar salad, and a couple of Miller lights. The salad was so fresh and delicious. The Matty wings were awesome. Not your typical buffalo sauce. It had a little kick to it but had a nice BBQ flavor as well. The atmosphere was very friendly and super relaxed. They had a poker night going on with some regulars, which created a friendly vibe throughout the bar. Made some new friends. It was a great night all the way around. I would totally go back!!! LOVED  J.D MCGILLICUDDY'S!Cuddy's is the epitome of the college dive bar experience. While it's great to see everyone from school at the bar, Cuddy's is overall a disappointment. There are three floors, which are always jam-packed, except for a ten-foot radius around the front door. I am NOT impressed with the bathrooms at all. They're badly placed (near the staircase which will be mentioned later) and there is ALWAYS a line that causes foot traffic to get very confused. Unsurprisingly, they are not super-clean, due to the myriad of drunken individuals using them nonstop. 
The place is kind of maze-like, with a narrow staircase that is constantly jammed with people, and the third floor (the dance floor) is an absolute oven. They put the DJ up really loud so you can hear it downstairs, but overall the music is not that great-- too much rap for my liking and not enough pop music to overcome it. The alcohol is not overpriced, but I can't say this is ever a place I go before I'm done for the night.
The best thing about the bar is that there is no cover, so if you want to go late at night, you won't get stuck with that bill.
Also, BE CAREFUL here. Cuddy's is extremely crowded and has very narrow areas to mingle. You WILL be brushing up against people and you WILL NOT have enough room to move. I say this not out of agoraphobia, but out of commonsense security-- the crowded conditions facilitate a thieving atmosphere and more than one friend of mine has had a phone or money stolen while here (one out of her closed purse that was being held in front of her body-- he reached around and snatched it).The food here isn't bad, but isn't so great. They claim to have world famous wings but they're just ok. The wings aren't that great and neither are the sauces. I didn't expect excellent food, but the service was even worse. The first time I came, we were given our appetizer without silverware or napkins and when I asked for that he asked if we wanted more than one setting (there were 4 of us!). Also, we were ignored and the only people in the restaurant. Second visit we came for happy hour specials and the bar tender told us the happy hour button "wasn't working" so we couldn't have the specials. The bartender seemed to have no interest in helping us and did not even show an ounce of an apology for being unable to give us what was advertised. I had to wait for another waitress to come and give us the correct specials. The drinks were good once we got them. But I probably would not return unless I knew for sure we could get some serious deals here.Comfortable, chill atmosphere free of unnecessary pretentions. The food is good. Brandon is awesome--as is everyone else I've ever had as a server/bartender. The specials every night of the week can't be beat. & I've never had better wings for cheaper anywhere else.To start off, their daily specials kill every other place in Manayunk! Happy hour...buy one app get one free...me and my room mate get 4 apps to split...or their pizza!!! Plank Pizza is huge and can feed 3 or 4 people.  I do not recommend Taco Tuesday! they are cheap but not great! Go to cactus if you want a taco. They have a good selection on beer.  Very good looking waitresses...who for the most part are friendly.  
As for the weekend...it is a totally dif place! after 930ish it turns into a club with no cover for college kids. Which is fine! Best place in Yunk with no cover and a dance floor!  At about 12 the third floor is poppin with people...it gets to smell a little up there and the drinks are pretty small.  Plastic cups usually.  
So it depends on what you are looking for...go there for dinner between 5-7 and you will love everything on the menu! If you want to party with 21 year olds...weekend is the time to go.  4 stars because of the specials and great food!Went there last night for the first time and had a good time. Staff was pretty nice. Juke box was open and playing. Didn't seem like the typical college bruh bar. Probably head back again.Went to this place thursday night, they had unbelievable drink specials! I did'nt get any food but I heard it was ok. The only negative was the crowd, a bunch of drunken frat dudes. Who were extremely annoying as the night went on.Still a solid sports/dive bar but was happy to see they freshened it up a little sine I have been there.  There was new bar stools and new front bar.  Always good to see a refresh.  Quizzo still is going strong on Thursdays.  Menu is typical bar food but they had a decent beer selection on tap.Great bar for some day drinking, watching the game or a casual weekday night.  They also have a solid quizzo crowd on Thursdays.   On the weekends they open the third floor up for a wild and crazy dance party. I must admit I had some crazy nights up there back in the day but  I'm a little beyond the age of the youngsters that throw down up there now. They  have updated their menu and I haven't had a chance to really check it out but I was very happy to see the ever so delicious Matty wings were still on there.I enjoy good chili so I came in to try theirs and I thought it was above average but not outstanding the price was good but it shouldve been because they saved money because the chili had no meat in it The place is huge with 3 floorsGross. Warm draft beer and gross, smelly food. Yuck, yuck, yuck. We returned our food and we will NOT be back. Maybe this is the 2am last call stop, but that's about it. Blech.This was the worst experience I have ever had in any establishment!!  How do you mess up a cheesesteak when you're in Philadelphia!! The menu has plenty of choices however out of 8 people and 8 meals and several appetizers we were shocked!! The server was rude when asked what beer was on tap she responded that we needed to walk to the bar and look.  5 appetizers were ordered and 8 meals (none of which were complicated a wrap 3 sandwiches 3 burgers and 1 cheesesteak) after a 45 minute wait we were served the worst food I've ever had and all at the same time- apps and meals.  A chicken cheesesteak was made with precooked packaged chicken with white American melted on top and nothing else on a dry roll as was the chicken wrap the burgers were over cooked and the buns were wrong to what was ordered.  When asked for utensils I received a look of disbelief and when I asked for salt and pepper I received another look of utter shock.  If I could give this run down dive zero stars I would.  Will never go back and will be sure to spread the word around that this place is awful.  And on a side note the bathroom doors don't lock!!  The lock turns and you think it's locked but you can just push or pull the door open-classyHad an amazing experience, the short chubby bouncer with the scar was extremely helpful, thought it was odd however he kept staring at my muscles, so I stared back, I laughed, he laughed, were now dating.... Great pizza by the wayThis has to be my favorite bar in manayunk.  It definitely holds a great staff and management team.  During the week, it has a good happy hour crowd since all the specials are very enticing.  The food is good, i enjoy the wraps and pizza.  
During the weekends, you can explore different options in the bar. There are 2 bars on the first floor, on the second is another bar and the 3rd floor has a bar and dance floor. The dj usually resides up there during the weekend. It never takes me long at all to get a drink, service is very immediate. 
It also is a great spot to watch sports. they play all the sports on their many many TV sets on every floor. In addition, usually have a special with the sport involved. 
Definitely try it out, great bar!!Love this place, great neighborhood sports bar and restaurant. Bartenders are attentive and make sure you are taken care of. I've been here twice in the last week to catch the NBA finals game. Both times they had great deals. I went on Sunday and they had 8$ mix well pitchers. Food was good too. Their wings are cooked well done which I love. I like my wings with crunchy skin they have a variety of sauces that you can have them tossed in but I got mine dry. Jalapeño poppers were what I expected but the fries were a pleasant surprise. Seasoned well, no salt and pepper needed.I used to go here a lot. We went today and they almost didn't let us in to eat during the bike race because we had one person who wasn't 21. They eventually let us and set up an area for our group but the food was terrible. People were missing things from their meals and it took an extra 20 minutes for two people to get their meals after everyone else was served. The waiter was nice originally but then was just rude and didn't seem to care. Also, the bathrooms were gross and they had no toilet paper. I would go there for drinks but never again for food. I would also chose many other spots Main Street  before here.I had high hopes for the wings here, because JD McGillicuddy's  highlights them on the website, the Yelp page, etc. Sadly, these were some of the worst wings I've ever had. 
The sauce was absent. The chicken was crunchy - not just the skin, the chicken itself. I'm not sure if the oil was too hot or what, but these were definitely overcooked. The weirdest thing is that nearly all of the bones in the wings were broken; I had to pick through them so carefully, and it wasn't worth the effort. 
I did order these for takeout, but I arrived before the food was done, so the wings were not an issue of sitting too long in the window. 
I'm sure the drinks here are fine, but please, for your own good, skip the wings.If you are looking for an adventure, head to the 3rd floor of Cuddy's any weekend night after 11 PM...
On a serious note, McGillicuddy's has some solid happy hour and game specials and there is never a cover charge.  Three floors of fun include a dance floor on top and plenty of bar space to grab a drink.  The food ain't all that bad either, but the bathrooms need some work.good spot. big. dj is good. always crowded, but not too crowded. exactly how a bar should be.Did not let my friend in because they said she had a fake ID. She was legit 24. And the bouncer was very ignorant about it. Told us to get the F out of there. I for one will never go back.i haven't been to this bar since it was the cotton club some 10+ years ago. it was a small then and still fairly small now but the new design seems to be more open. i went to meet up with a friend for a drink and they had a 2 for 1 happy hour. not to shabby. so i bought one dos equis and POW...got a 2nd for free. there were also some very cute woman present so that is always a star in it self.During the day: great place, older crowd, classic bar food. On Thursdays they have trivia! 
Weekend nights: they let in underage kids and the top floor turns into quite the party...so, if that's what you're looking for, great! If not, it can certainly be a bit much. It would be nice if a place in Manayunk actually followed the 21+ rule 
Eagles Games: always a good time, mixed crowd; sometimes they host "tail gates" on the street outside which are awesome! 
Drinks: liquor pitchers, white claw (but only the black cherry one...eh)Lots of TVs to watch games. Food is just ok. Regular bar food. 
Usually drink specials are good. Gets kind of crowded and hard to walk around on weekends or when big games are being played- a good scene for the World Series!I stopped in to JD McG's on a Wed night. The place was very empty but we sat at the bar. There was a weird smell about the bar area. I asked for a draft list and was told to just look at the tap handles. 
So most breweries have one generic handle for all their beers. I asked which beer was on a particular tap handle and was "no F'n idea. You're asking the wrong guy. I drink Bud Light". So ordered a beer and after a few sips was able to discern what style of beer it was. 
But the beer had a funk to it. I doubt they clean their equipment. My friend and I ordered wings. When they eventually arrived they were very tiny and some where under cooked. 
This place sucks. I would have gone there when I was in college maybe. But not now.Popped in here one weekday night when I was trying to gather my thoughts during a stroll around Main Street -- just moved into an apartment a few blocks away after the divorce went through. 
It was the type of place we used to go to when we were in college (I went to Ramapo in North Jersey -- moved here for career purposes, Philly's a great city for actuary work). It was the type of place me and the Good Guy Gang (what we called ourselves, but it was half girls LOL) used to go to have some drinks and some laughs. I wasn't sure what I wanted to be back then. I used to love writing but my parents convinced me to take some business classes, which is how I ended up becoming an actuary. That was a long time ago. Good to catch up w/ everyone on Facebook. 
I had some wings and 2 Sam Adams beers, which they had on tap! Came out to $22. I tried to pay w/ my Bank of America Visa. It got denied because I forget we were moving around some money due to the divorce. Wait staff was totally understanding -- I had to leave my driver's license and keys and walk to an ATM to get some cash via my temporary credit union Visa. Came back and was totally fine. Joked w/ the bartender about how I should leave my keys there since it had been a while since I had 2 Sammies!
I would recommend JP McGillicuddy's to anyone in Manayunk who pops into a bar for a few cold ones to remember the time when the future was unclear who is going through a divorce and facing a new future. Great specials!Our little crew in Manayunk loves this place. First of all, great wings with lots of flavors. Second of all, they serve liquor pitchers. Thirdly. they opened at 9AM and ran specials when the Eagles played in London. 
The bartenders are all great and genuinely care about the menu and customers. We go to watch games pretty often and the staff at Cuddy's remembered our group and gave us some cool 76ers koozies the other day. 
The wings are our favorite but everything is tasty in terms of bar food - sliders, fries, even the biscuits and grits we got once held their own. They keep the grub hub menu as up to date as possible. Five stars for our local spot.I am highly disappointed in Cuddy's. Myself and over 10 other women got our phones stolen on February Feb 6th. They were taken out of our purses while having the bags on our bodies. After the bouncers found out, they did little to nothing . As a college bar, I expect increased security and awareness from the bouncers . The police were not called and there no announcements made . It was almost brushed under the rug as a "one off situation ". This is unacceptablemanayunk bar spot with free poker on monday nights (guys night out) and daily drink specials. what more does a man need. oh yeah, and good cheap food & beer.Best happy hour deals in 'Yunk.
The night time scene may not be the best, but there are few places where you can get cheap beers AND solid food in Manayunk. 
1/2 priced pizzas are good, as well as buy one, get one appetizers on Fridays.
Also, Cuddy's has Big Buck Hunter. Always a plus.This place has been a standby for me for a few years now. If you're not in college or right out of college, stick to weeknights here. On Thursdays, they have $5 pizzas, which are plenty for two people. The buffalo chicken is AMAZING. It can get rowdy, and the bathrooms do not have working locks (maybe bring a friend to watch the door). Fun place, definitely a younger crowd, good for catching the game.We went to McGillicuddys in Manayunk for their Thursday trivia.  Drinks and food were cheap.  The pizzas are $5 on Thursday and were huge and surprisingly delicious for the price.  Great to split between 2-3 people.  Trivia was also a blast, the DJ running it did a great job.  Will definitely come back for trivia and some of their discounts on other nights.This is probably the worst place in Manayaunk. As if most of Manayunk wasn't white, frat boy-esque, this seems to be the epicenter. I didn't want to be there the minute we walked in, but a friend was meeting someone there, so we opened a tab and ordered 2 beers, a standard bar procedure. Not long after, it was last call, and when they say last call, they mean it.  
We tried to close our tab, but we were overcharged. My husband went to ask why there was liquor on our tab when we literally only had 2 beers. Instead of the bartender or manager trying to figure it out,  the bouncers came over. So, every bouncer in this joint came to investigate this "hostile" man. He calmly told them what happened, but it quickly escalated into a d-bag blow out (and by d-bag I mean the 5 bouncers who tried to make us pay for something we didn't order, and proceeded to call my husband all kinds of slurs like "the f-word"). Now, my husband is neither a small nor wimpy man, so perhaps his intelligence and build threatened the goons' "manliness." So, instead of trying to do the respectful business thing and solve their customers' problem, the goons-for-hire proceeded to stomp on my husband's glasses and then tried to stomp on him when he bent to pick them up.  One goon took this opportunity to literally pick up my husband by his pants and shirt collar (like a suitcase) and THREW him out the door. Luckily, my husband knows how to fall properly, because there was a very loud THUD; another person could have easily cracked their skull open.
The next day when we called, the manager didn't apologize or give a crap; he told us we deserved it! I don't care what kind of mob boss you think you are, you cannot run a business by throwing people head-first onto the concrete, especially for questioning a measly bar tab.  If you value your life, stay out of this s-hole.I have never been so disgusted by a bathroom in my whole entire life! Mind you, we went to this place during the middle of the Shamrock bar crawl but still! Everybody had a good time though and prices were good, but I am just so disgusted (I was not drunk, but maybe If I was, I wouldn't have minded there being pee all over the place and no toilet paper or paper towels). The bouncers were very nice but took their job seriously so I appreciated that.Very unfriendly staff. Turned down our music. Gave out wrong food for a pick up order. Seemed like we were a bother to them on a Saturday afternoon/evening.This place has the best boneless wings in Manayunk. Amazing staff. Great for sports games.I had drinks here for a girlfriends birthday. The bouncer was incredibly rude. I understand trying to be intimidating for the underage crowd but this was insane . Zero manners. In addition we could not get a waitresses attention. It took over 30 mins to get a drink. I would not recommend.Scumbag bouncers.   I was there for an Eagles game, I was yelling with other people to fix the audio when it cut out.   They came up to me.   Told us to stop as they were fixing it and I was willing to comply.   He says stuff to me and I respond with well just fix it.  And I get thrown around and end up with a hurt toe, hurt jaw, and blood running down my arm?
If you like bouncers that beat the shit out of you if there's an issue go here, if not stay away!they get 4 stars if its daylight and I'm sitting outside at one of the patio tables drinking beer and eating pizza!!! I've had my share of fun at this place & really like all the bartenders I've met - local/friendly! Not a huge fan of the scene at night. 
buffalo chicken pizza plank is huge and soooo good 1/2 plank is enough but order the full b/c everyone at the table is going to be drooling over it and you'll have to share. 
great pizza/buffalo sauce, cold beer, outdoor seating, local/friendly - I'm a fan!At first glance this seems to be a typical Manayunk bar: lots of young people, lots of drinking. Upon closer examination, the owners manage to cram a lot in their space - plus security's actually friendly! Having no cover helps.
With three floors and multiple bars, it got progressively more crowded the higher we went, towards the dance floor. A DJ kept everyone bouncing around like ping pong balls - thanks to classics like "Sweet Caroline" and the usual lineup of pop music - but we came down to earth at the end of the night.Food is solid and the specials are real nice, but what really sets this place apart is the staff. Everyone is super friendly and always accommodating. Definitely my go to spot in Manayunk.Great pub food with quality beers on tap. I had the Crab Pretzel which is there marquee item. You must try this item if you come into JD McGilicuddy's! It is loaded with crab and cheese. Now I have been asked do you eat this item with a knife and fork or just pick the glorious snack item up and devour it as soon as the plate comes your way? That choice is yours to make....but the crab pretzel is so good I think it deserves the fork and knife so you can enjoy every piece that hits your palate. 
I have also tried the chicken wings here which are good and have a large variety of different sauces to choose from. This bar is the toned down version of Kildare's in Manayunk (as Kildare's closed earlier this year after 13 years of service). I personally would choose JD's over Kildare's as it looks like you can save a few dollars and have a good night out at your neighborhood bar. 
Notice to management ( your bathroom door does not lock, freaking fix it....its been like that for over a year....docking two points until this is fixed)Didn't have any food so I cannot speak on that part. 
The bartender was quick and carried friendly conversations with everyone in the bar. 
He made local suggestions based on the input we gave him about what we wanted to do and see in Philly. 
Nice local hang out to grab a drink.These bouncers jump three men, knocking one completely unconscious and then ganging up on the next two, kicking them on the ground in the street. The whole confrontation was captured on video. This place is an absolute joke. I hope they get sued into nonexistence.A solid sports bar or hang out place in Manayunk.  3 floors, good beer specials, and usually a good crowd make this a reliably fun spot.
They also have good bar-food type apps... if you're hungry try their pizza.  These "personal" pizzas are on a thick yummy crust and about the size of my backyard!
Be warned though - there are TWO steps at the bottom of the stairs leading to the bathroom, and there is probably a line for the bathroom behind you that you can't see when you come down the stairs.  So don't do what I did: trip over the second step in front of everyone, try to escape embarassed into the bathroom, then be told that there is a 3-deep line for the bathroom that you are attempting to cut.  Because then you have to stand there in line for 10 minutes with everyone pretending to watch the game while your face turns tomato-red.  NOT my most shining moment.Well, while the atmosphere is good, and the some barkeeps are great, a few bartenders have NO idea about the store policies I called about a week ago, to ask if they took American Express. The woman who answered said yeah, of course we take Amex. I go there a different night, and I go to close my tab. The manager, who was blunt to the point of being rude, basically threw my card on the counter and said no, we don't take this. I told him that one of the bartenders, the woman, said that you did, and if that's not true, then you should better explain that to your employees. I had to struggle to find the change in my car to pay my tab. Fortunately my friend spotted me, but long story short, if you go to a bar, you want the staff to be knowledgeable about not only the drinks, but also policies towards taking payment.