My wife and I enjoyed a lunch experience at Jean-George's in the new Four Seasons hotel. We were greeted immediately on entering the hotel and led to the open view glass lined elevator which whisks you to the 60th floor in a minute. The reception desk area of the hotel is lined with an amazing array of fresh flowers and as we walked past the desk we were greeted by the maitre d' who led us across the corridor of the JG SkyBar to the a descending stairway that leads to the restaurant on the 59th floor. After being led to an inner table, we requested a window table and were graciously seated at a south facing mini booth. Our server was Pavel who demonstrated efficiency and knowledge of the dining choices while doing so in the most friendly manner. After an excellent lunch, we retired to the SkyBar for some post meal cocktails where we found some comfortable seating with a small table and fabulous view of the restaurant and city. We were greeted by Marcus who was very welcoming and we enjoyed two fabulous martinis that were expertly made and served by Adrian (Adrienne). She displayed a profound interest in and knowledge of libations. The entire afternoon was a special experience for both of us. We heartily encourage anyone with a desire for a special dining and/or lounge experience to visit.Spectacular looking restaurant atop the Four Seasons.  It sucked from there on.  We were first to arrive at 11:45 for a 12:00 reservation.  We're directed to the bar.  The Bloody Mary was so spiced it permeated everything served thereafter.  Service was otherwise excellent except for the 1/2 dozen tables seated before us but who had arrived earlier, including 4 people who arrived while we were standing in front of the host.  He seemed to be a manager that forgot that the host is the first impression a diner will experience.  The lunch menu was limited.  The burgers were delicious, even for $29 delicious but really not special in any way.  We never got desert, something I had looked forward to ( and do in every John Georges restaurant) , my mouth was still burning from the Bloody Mary.I loved this place! Food was good at best but the service was amazing and the dessert the dessert  one word fantastic!!!
It's expensive so be prepared. Four of us went out every one had an appetizer entrée and a dessert no drinks and our bill Plus gratuity came to $523.00. Don't let the price Deter you it was worth it!!The food and ambience are AMAZING, but service needs improvement..
My husband and I went for lunch last weekend for his birthday. We got all dressed up and were really excited to see what all the fuss was about. The architecture and interior styling are suburb- all Calcutta marble and onyx fixtures, impressive floral arrangements and views for days. Very "Kris Jenner does The Four Seasons". I was pretty annoyed to be seated at a table near the bar where people were in legit shorts and a tee shirt. There should definitely be a dress code enforced anywhere you're spending over $100 for lunch (and you will spend at least double if you are drinking..).  Once we got seated via our month-out reservation, it took over 30 minutes to get our drinks. That's a half hour folks! They also never refilled waters or refolded napkins, which really erks me when I'm paying top dollar. 
But I will say the food is some of the best in Philly, and definitely competes or tops some of the best I've ever had. We ordered caviar, the peekytoe crab app, tuna sashimi, blackened sea bass, duck and some dessert and everything was to die for. 
.Great experience and great service. The tasting menu is the way to go! The best part is obviously the views.IN SHORT: Worth trying, and you won't be disappointed. Food was all well-executed and delicious. Ambiance, view, and a few dishes (especially desserts) were worth returning for. 4/5 because server was overbearing and interruptive, and one app's mustard took the dish over (was a cool flavor idea, but mustard masked the rest of the flavors) 
DETAILS: Server was doing their best to be entertaining, but ended up being overzealous and jarring. Up-selling felt obvious ($38 caviar was suggested as a "light starter" almost immediately after we sat, $54 lobster entree was recommended after we'd already finished ordering, one of my guests asked which of two wines was drier and the server said another, more expensive glass was "the better choice"), trying-too-hard jokes kept coming and falling flat, including nearly 6 about ordering tequila shots (we get you're tying to be fun, but read the room. Also one of my guests is pregnant). I feel bad because the server clearly cared, wanted us to enjoy ourselves, and was experienced, but it made conversation with my table difficult, and the otherwise-noteworthy meal annoying. They were very kind to return Sazeracs we found too sweet (I'm a mixologist and am very particular about Sazeracs).
Red Snapper app was great, Black Seabass entree w sweet/sour jus was a unique and delicious preparation, complementary bread selection was great on its own and as a sauce-soaker (never waste a good sauce...) and the two desserts we had were worth returning for. I can't remember names exactly, as I was too busy figuring out their intriguing physical design and flavors, but one had a dacquiose and fresh fruits on the bottom, and the other had a few scoops of honey peanut ice cream that looked like a solar system.
Overall, great experience, and I'll be back. All other staff was lovely and accommodating. Sit just before sunset if you can, as watching the skyline as the sun sets, letting the inky night grow speckled with streetlights, is unforgettable.FANTASTIC EVERYTHING....ambiance, views, service, and cuisine!!!  Best Beef Carpaccio I have ever had!  Definitely will be coming back and highly recommended.Came here for breakfast - the menu didn't impress me much honestly but the views are breathtaking! You can see the entire city: the Art Museum, Fairmount, Ben frank bridge! 
The ambience is definitely pretty high end and the breakfast menu items were on the pricey side. The presentation was lovely which totally justifies the price. I would definitely be interested in coming back to see if the lunch/dinner menu is any better. 
Even though I was underwhelmed by the food (breakfast to be specific), I would honestly come back just for the experience and the city views. I think it would be perfect for a date night or even a girls night out.Absolutely 5 stars. Super special evening...The food was incredible. Service was perfect and very attentive. Stunning views anywhere you sit. We had the foie gras, lamb chops, sea bass, wild mushroom risotto, squash and topped it off with chocolate mousse. Get the ginger margarita! Really impressed and surpassed expectations.The restaurant that you can't get into in New York only now it's here and just happens to have the most stunning views in Philadelphia!   There's nothing small,flowery,brocade, and old school French here.  The dishes are just all done to perfect.  I've been here twice and they've found some of Phillys best servers.  Joe is on top of everything you might need.  He makes it so easy to order and his recommendations were spot on.   Same goes for Scott on the second night.  Seasoned pros!! 
So glad Philly keeps bringing these amazing restaurants for us to enjoy.  Bravo!We went there for our anniversary and could only get reservations for a late lunch.  The food was amazing the atmosphere was the same.  We have never had a better waiter and will definitely be returning and recommending to our friends.My husband and I decided to try this new restaurant atop the new Four Seasons to celebrate our 37th anniversary.  Our reservation was early, at 5:45 PM.  We really wanted a later reservation, but it ended up being perfect bc the views are incredible and we were able to see so much in the daylight, and then had the magical experience of watching the city light up as night fell.  The restaurant itself is a beautiful and unique place, but the food and service were top notch as well!  We both had the tasting menu, which was a great way to sample many of the foods on the regular menu.  It was a 7 course meal, each small in amount but each so tasty and so different.  We especially loved the sweet corn ravioli, and the black sea bass was wonderful.  The berry garden dessert was so different and so delicious.  Our server, Denis, was spectacular!  Very knowledgeable about the menu, so pleasant and very attentive throughout the meal without being overbearing at all.  A phenomenal and unique dining experience that i highly recommend! It really made for a special anniversary!Service is horrible here! The host stand never answers the phone, etc. Hope they live up to the standards in the foods but with the poor customer service of the restaurant the way it is, I would likely skip this as an option...regardless of how highly ranked it is. The Four Seasons hotel has much better service than this much anticipated place. It was definitely a disappointment compared to its older NYC sister for sure!
When it comes to foods, the portions are... well, kind of dainty. I don't think I've ever been to any high-end restaurant or you get one lamb rib as an entrée, or an anemic salmon fillet that looks like half of what you would get in a fillet at the supermarket or any seafood markets...especially for the prices restaurants like this charge!Had lunch Saturday. Food and service was inconsistent. Apps were good, not great. One entree (duck) was delicious, but the other (lobster) was small and uninspired. Website says that have a tasting menu (multiple, actually), but when you ask for it they don't know what you're talking about. Room was hot (it's essentially a greenhouse). 
You're better off grabbing drinks at the bar for the view and saving your money and appetite for a meal elsewhere.I had the pleasure of dining at  the upscale and elegant Jean-Georges Restaurant with  my clients.
The manager Brandon Williams was very accommodating and delivered excellent service.
With the breath taking views, great entrees, and exceptional service this is for sure an experience you don't want to miss out on.This is dining! Beautiful restaurant with stunning decor! Masterfully prepared dishes! Most attentive service! No detail is overlooked. Put this experience at the top of your list. Did I mention the view?The place is gorgeous. We went for Valentine's Day and the place was filled with roses and other flowers. The atmosphere was perfect for a date. The view on the 59th floor at night was also spectacular. Luckily we were seated by the window. Our waiter was very attentive and very pleasant. 
The Spanish octopus was perfectly cooked. Tender and not chewy/rubbery at all.
The sea bass was really nice especially with the mushroom foam and spices. There was a touch of yuzu flavor which nicely cut into the flavors. 
I was not a fan of the lamb shank. It came out too charred. The dish also came with roasted sunchokes, which were also very charred and made them taste more bitter. I like my roasted vegetables golden not so much blackened.
After our ordered desert, we got complimentary petits fours. It was a nice touch to end the dinner.Overall Jean-Georges Philadelphia was a great experience. To get to the restaurant, you ride a glass elevator to the 60th floor for sweeping views of the city. 
The staff was attentive but not overly so. Dishes were served in unison and explained between courses. 
We did the Summer Tasting Menu which was 7 courses. I also did the custom wine pairing. While the plates were small, we left full but not overly stuffed. The tasting is pricy for everyday but good value for the type and quality of food which included caviar, Chilean sea bass, lobster, and lamb chops. Each course was better than the last; well-balanced and an explosion of flavors in a small bite. 
I've been to the bar, JG Sky High, twice now. I know some have commented that it is hard to get a drink, but to be honest it is a similar wait for any busy bar in the city. Once I found an opening, the bartenders were pretty quick to take my order. Again the views are spectacular both during the day and even more during the night.4 stars for the architecture, ambiance, and view.  Drinks and food were good but nothing to write home about.This Jean-Georges is very special - cannot think of any other place in Philly with an exceptional view to dine. If you have a dinner reservation, definitely try to come early to the JG Sky bar and have a cocktail before dinner. 
We had the summer tasting menu and it was delicious. Personal favorites are the tuna tartare, sweet corn dumplings (with truffle!) and the sea bass. Dessert was also one of the highlights. 
We wanted to sit by the window and the staff easily accommodated us. Atmosphere is perfect. Already made another reservation to come back!Five stars for the view, atmosphere and decor, however, they have to come up to speed with the service; it fell short of other locations like JG and Nougatine in NYC, where staff serve the dishes in unison, placing both in front of the patrons at the same time, and not mixing up the entrees!  Maybe they are still ironing everything out since they just opened.  
The shrimp a la plancha appetizer was one of the highlights of our lunch.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly  and the sauce in the center was exquisite!  I believe there was a hint of lemon curd in it.  Probably a hefty pour of heavy cream too.
Sea bass entree was also a hit--again, cooked perfectly, and the sauce made the dish-- had a hint of mushroom, yuzu, butter and thyme.  Could have consumed every last drop!
Desserts were amazing-- we had the fresh berries atop the hard crust and dipping glaze.  Also received a petit fours compliments of the chef, all of which were amazing, especially the marshmallow and the apricot square.
Final thought:  it was a little off-putting to see some patrons coming into such an upscale restaurant dressed in t-shirts, shorts and hi-tops.  Not quite business casual, but maybe they were celebs or something.  Why bother having a dress code if it's not going to be enforced?Just incredible. Views, drinks, food, everything was perfect! I will definitely be back for more. The price wasn't too bad either. A bit hard to get a res.Exquisite. The atmosphere is unrivaled in Philadelphia. 
The food was superb. The pricing was more than fair for the quality and the experience. 
If you care about the "place to be seen" aspect...apparently this is at the top of the list for Philadelphia these days.We went to Jean-Georges to celebrate my wife's birthday and couldn't be happier with the experience. We arrived there at dusk and the views were outstanding all around the restaurant. It was a clear day and you could see forever. Jets landing at the airport appeared like they were flying in slow motion. Service and food were first class. Very friendly and attentive (not overly) staff. Convenient self-parking right across Arch Street. Will definately return for another special occasion. If you want to impress family or friends, put this restaurant as a must.You start by going up 60 flights in a 180 degree glass windowed elevator, amazing views to say the least, setting the stage for extremely high expectations. And those expectations were all met by the service, ambiance, and delicious food! 
A 270 degree room of glass windows and then mirrors above with high ceilings... the ambiance is staggeringly beautiful and airy. 
For the food...we chose the brunch pre-fixed course, which was of excellent value, considering the number of courses and quality of food. The latkes were a bit too crispy, however, the other courses more than made up for it. 
Service was as I expected at the Four Seasons, excellent. And the servers happily took pictures for us. 
Definitely worth a visit!!My boyfriend took me here for my 23rd birthday, and it was an all-around amazing experience! The ambiance is beautiful, service was exceptional, food and drinks were absolutely delicious. They made sure to give us the most intimate table in the restaurant, and we had the BEST view of the city. Made my birthday so special. One of our favorite restaurants we've been to and my new personal favorite.I do not know where to start. Whether you are visiting or live in Philly, Jean George is a definite must go to for dinner. The views are amazing, drinks are great and the summer tasting menu was fantastic.  It has been a while since I had a wonder dinner experience from start to finish. Our waiter Denis was attentive and amazing. Definitely so excited with the addition of Jean George.Worth it. Yummy food, gorgeous decor, flawless service. My favorite jean Georges by far and so happy Philly can claim it as its own.Went to Jean-Georges at the Four Seasons opted for the tasting menu.  Everything was fabulous the sea bass and lobster were excellent, the lamb course was perfect.  The only thing that was lacking was the dessert I was underwhelmed and was hoping for something more French inspired.  The views of the city are the best I've ever seen one should go for drinks and to take in the scenery if the restaurant is booked.Beautiful view of the skyline. The food is impeccable and the drinks pair well. Perfect date night, lunch date, or brunch!Fantastic experience for lunch - can imagine dinner would be even better. You enter via the Four Seasons hotel and travel up a truly scenic elevator ride to the top floor, with a view over the Parkway to the Art Museum. On entering you pass through a bar area and some seating and down a dramatic staircase with water flowing down the sides. The views and interior design are breathtaking and I doubt there's a bad view in the place. Service was very attentive while also transparent, and at the highest levels you'd expect. The food was great as well - we had the chef's prix fixe lunch set, with a starter, main course, and desert. All of it was excellent and I look forward to returning for lunch and dinner.Food was not great. Went with my family party of 6, bill totaled over $1k  and the food came out cold!!! I literally reserved months in advance (late Sept 2019 for 12/30/19other than the actual gorgeous views in and outside of the restaurant nothing else was impressive. I think  if the Chef spent less time walking our food around the table than taking back to the kitchen to plate it and brought it back 10-15min later it prob would of been served warm and not cold!!! Not impressed at all other than again the view.This review comes on the heels of Craig LeBan's scathing one bell comments on this restaurant over the weekend. Only wish I had seen his review first. My friend and I were excited to finally visit the new, sleek Four Seasons Hotel on 19th Street. The elevator ride to the 60th floor was smooth and breathtaking. We were instantly wowed by the shiny Christmas decor and the entrance to the restaurant. We stopped at the hostess desk and asked to see a menu. Then we decided to take in the experience and said we would like to have lunch. The hostess replied that she didn't believe there were any tables, despite the fact that the restaurant was half empty. I figured you must need a reservation and commented we would come back another day. As we moved away simply to take in the view, a waiter approached us and said, "we have a table right here, if you would like." That should have been a clue. The waiter was a friendly French gentleman who briefed us on the chef's culinary accomplishments and told us of his own 40 year restaurant experience. I ordered the Parmesan crusted chicken with lemon basil cream sauce, my friend had the endive salad. We each had iced tea and shared a dessert. To be perfectly honest, I can make a better chicken cutlet and as LeBan pointed out, the sauce was overwhelmingly lemony. My friend's salad was endive and pear with a dressing. The entire time we were there, the empty tables remained empty which made us wonder about the hostess's cool greeting. We are fairly well dressed older  adults but were made to feel like we didn't measure up to deserve a table. Our simple meal with no alcohol came to $97 with tip. Is it worth it? Certainly not for the food but maybe once to experience the view!I recently had dinner here for a private function. The views are fantastic and the flowers were gorgeous. For such a high atmospheric bar, everything else fell below flat!  The food tasted like mediocre hotel food. There were cold pretzel rolls on the table that had not been fully thawed!  The black bass was beyond salty it was inedible. Dessert was a boring cake that also tasted frozen. I was very much looking forward to this meal and it was one of the most disappointing meals I have ever had!  Not to mention we tried to hang at the bar after and it was one of the most bizarre scenes
I have ever witnessed!My wife and I ate here today - Dec 4, 2019.  This was an enjoyable lunching experience on our day off from work! The views alone are worthy of checking this place out.  Based on photos I had seen before coming, I was expecting an amazing view.  I was wrong.  The views are mesmerizing.   
Top Notch Dining Experience:
The food and service were really top notch as you would expect for this style of restaurant.  We enjoyed 2 specialty cocktails and then enjoyed the ala carte menu.  The sea urchin was very good and I tasted some of my wife butternut squash soup which was creamy and delicious.  For our main course I enjoyed the salmon and my wife enjoyed the sea bass.  Our entrees had wonderful flavors and the presentation was culinary artistry.  For desert we enjoyed the 2 new items the pumpkin desert and my wife enjoyed the coconut desert.  Wow!  That would have been a great finish but we were also provided a tasting from the pastry chef of small desert bites.
We plan to come back soon for dinner!I've eaten here 3 times and have had 2 great experiences. Last night we did the tasting menu and that's where this loses a star. First off it took 3 hours which was lengthy. I didn't expect to be walking out after midnight. Secondly the failed to explain some items- this is crucial because we didn't choose what we were ordering and forgot some of the 7 courses listed as the meal went on. One of my plates was also taken before I was finished however they did bring out an entire new one to make up for it. Regardless that I was annoyed at that point, didn't want to eat another lobster alone, and also make everyone wait longer for the next course- at least they tried to rectify the situation. The dessert was incredible at the end. Wine selection is great. It was super foggy out last night which obstructed the entire view but it's otherwise so pretty- especially at sunset/golden hour!The view is spectacular. You must come during sunset which is absolutely breathtaking. The view confirms how beautiful the city of Philadelphia actually is. The elevator was super fast, smooth and fun to have all windows around it. The entrance was a bit confusing as well as finding the elevators, but ask and someone will direct you. Tartare was delicious as well as the watermelon salad! The drinks were festive! The service was classic refined five star... a bit too stuffy; however, nothing against anyone- I would highly recommend! Adrienne and Daniel made our experience memorable and first class!!!!Made a reservation during the week for Saturday lunch, expecting to get a seat overlooking the city except we didn't. Service was not good. Ordered a burger and was probably the worst burger I have ever eaten in my life. Very disappointed as I was looking forward to come here with my family.I opened a yelp account just to write this review. My relatives and I were visiting from San Francisco and heard that this should be on our list of places to visit while in Philadelphia. 
We checked the opentable website and noticed that all time slots were available for breakfast so I didn't bother to make a reservation. Once we arrived to the top floor of the hotel, we were so amazed by the views and were really looking forward to our experience. We happily greeted the host and asked for a table for three. He asked me if we had a reservation and I replied no. He then asked me if we were staying at the hotel and I replied no. His smile turned upside down and in a very pretentious manner he proceeded to tell us that they were fully booked, but we were welcome to have coffee in the lounge. We looked around and noticed there were plenty of tables available, but decided to go ahead and have coffee in the lounge to discuss our next move. While we were waiting for our coffee, I went back onto the opentable website, made a reservation, and then asked the barista (who was a very wonderful lady) to take our drinks back to the restaurant since I was able to secure a reservation. We returned to the host desk with our newly made reservation and two baristas carrying our drinks on two trays. We enjoyed observing the reactions on the faces of the host and and the other staff. They begrudgingly sat us at a table. 
We ended up having a nice breakfast (I hope nobody spit in our food), but knowing now how staff are being trained to treat their customers, I will never again visit the Four Seasons or any restaurant associated to the Four Seasons.I had lunch today. High expectations and they were all met. Food was amazing, service professional, room stunning. Every detail simply sumptuous. Had the foie gras , super yummy, fluke, crudo that any sushi bar would kill for, beef carpaccio, wonderful. Believe it or not I had a burger and fries and buddy had the wagu steak. Both perfect. Had a bottle of Rose and dessert was over the top. Best restaurant in Philadelphia. Not even close .Everything was amazing from the view, to the decor, and of course the food was great as well.So so meal. Expected so much more... watermelon gazpacho tasted like a tablespoon of salt. Filet was good but dry. Service very good. Will definitely stay at this gorgeous hotel again,but dine elsewhere..My wife and I had lunch here. The views from 59 floors above Philadelphia are amazing. The menu is traditional not very creative. The items we ordered were expertly prepared and delicious, seared foie gras and duck breasts, both mouth watering. The desserts were extremely creative, unlike the main menu. Both desserts we ordered were beautiful and equally delicious. The service on the other hand was not up to Jean-Georges level. Not a single dish was explained to us as it was presented, simply put down in front of us. The server's were pleasant just not professional. It looked like there might have been a couple professional staff but at least half seemed out of place. The food and view make this a must visit!
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-d18341560-r732709221-Jean_Georges-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#The view is amazing. That's what you will be booking your reservation for. The restaurant is also gorgeous and the service is great. But the food is lackluster. In a great food city such as Philadelphia, we have such access to the most mind-blowing and memorable dishes. Those dishes will not be found here. But if you want to make your social media followers envious of gorgeous views while eating basic French-inspired food, this is the place to go.One of the best meals in Philadelphia!! My family and I came here Sunday night for dinner to celebrate my birthday. We had an amazing view of the city facing City Hall. We all opted to do the 7-course chefs tasting menu and wine pairing. We started with a caviar dish, tuna tartare in a ginger soy sauce, honey nut angliotti, sea bass, lobster, salmon, and an apple streusel dessert. 
Everything you hear about this place is worth the hype!! Great place to celebrate a special occasion with friends and family!!Beautiful space with gorgeous views of Philly. Worth it to go up just to check that out. Went recently for breakfast and it was pretty much a fiasco. Party of three ordered eggs and a pastry basket. The pastries never came. I saw them going out to other tables. When I asked about it 45 minutes into waiting, I was told they had just given out their last pastries. Eggs came out almost an hour after ordering (it takes an hour to make eggs?) and mine were ice cold. Like colder than the room temp. I am really not one to complain but I sent them back after waiting for an hour and getting stiffed on the pastries. The replacements were maybe a few degrees warmer. I ate them and didn't bother this time. I'll give credit where it's due--my dish was taken off the bill. It'd be one thing if this were Denny's but this is a Jean-Georges restaurant at the Four Seasons. This service is simply not acceptable at the price point they're charging. I'll be back for dinner next week to give things one more shot.This place was simply outstanding! We went as a group of four for dinner. We had reservations and went right up on the elevator. We were sat within five minutes. The ambiance was trendy, romantic and impressive. Astounding large flower arrangements everywhere. The view was gorgeous. The only issue was the music was a little too loud for us all to hear each other just at our table at times. The food came out quickly and every dish was outstanding. I highly recommend this restaurant! We will certainly be back.First, I would like to start by saying the staff here is amazing! The views from the restaurant 60th floor are impeccable! The floor to ceiling bay windows creates a sense of luxury, making this restaurant a top favorite. Back to referencing the staff...Emily and Brandon were amazing and very accommodating. I met Emily on the elevator she greeted me and inform me that she was an employee at the establishment. I stress to her that I wish to converse with a manager in regards to future reservations. Even with the restaurant being extremely busy, Emily immediately stopped what she was doing and guided me straight to one of the managers in Brandon. Brandon was very accommodating as well as professional. He booked and confirmed my special reservation and even gave me a tour of the restaurant. I truly look forward to dining at this establishment and I'm very excited to share the experience with the one I love.Jean Georges was amazing. I literally was blown away from the elevator ride, to the views, the food and friendliness of all staff I encountered. My boyfriend d and I arrived early with plans to get a drink or two before our reservation (I booked a month in advance). We sat at the bar that is down in the dining area which is a separate place from the sky bar which sits on the bi level. Drinks were good and the bartenders were friendly. Time went by and we were seated at our table which faced the windows looking out into center city/south philly. It was literally breath taking. I had a smile on my face the entire time I was there because the whole experience was just a wow moment. We got the chefs menu and it is worth the price and would go back and get it again. Our server was very helpful when asked a question and was kind enough to take our photo for us. It was a wonderful time and this restaurant just adds a new wow moment for us here in Philly. I enjoyed it so much I  was able to snag a brunch time in a few weeks. I can't wait!This was a true treat! The views from our dining table, the food and the service were all superb! I had the Parmesan chicken with artichokes, my partner and friend got the agnolotti and our other friend got the sea bass. We all shared truffle pasta and omg...food heaven! The drinks were exceptional as well! 5 star dining! Will mostly definitely return!This restaurant is by far the most amazing location rivaling some of the worlds most "must see" attraction.  The incredible elevator ride to the astronomical presentation of flowers will leave one speechless until one experience a nearly magical view in all directions!  The food and its presentation matches well the atmosphere, from the well dressed staff to the excellent service.  This is a must see and a must experience at least once!  AmazingIt's the most spectacular space on the east coast . The design is sublime. We only had a drink because we ate at Vernick Fish. Which was very good, but my god this is nirvana. I can't believe this is Philadelphia. It's like being transported to the near future. So rich , so plush, so airy open and unique. I'm in love with a restaurant I haven't eaten at. Jean George in NYC is spectacular , so I have no doubts . I'll be back. Joe Wolf is at the door, what an amazing idea.The atmosphere is very different from my old beloved Four Seasons on Logan Circle. Now a big, high ceilinged, heavily flowered space. Nice but pretty self conscious, forces you to have a "big experience". 
Forgot to specify a table on the outer ring and we were seated in the inner ring (the only ones in there at lunch ) ---decidedly less impressive.
The view is fantastic.
Wait staff seemed young and a little inexperienced. There were several times the wrong dish was placed in front of the wrong person. The first course on the fixed menu came out different than the one on the menu. Many apologies but no compensation. 
All of the food was quite delicious with very, very pretty presentation. Desserts especially flavor rich and complex combinations. All of the food was labor intensive.I was here on the first day drinking with friends no problem. I came here the second day with  came early to drink at the bar on the top floor. I ordered a drink my gf ordered water. I got id and they looked at it I'm 22. The bartender then said that she cant serve me a drink cause my girlfriend is underage. She didnt even I'd my girlfriend -_-This is so close to a Michelin star restaurant that Philly has! We went on a Sunday night and only had to wait 30 minutes for a table. Their menu changes seasonally. The bartenders were so knowledgeable that they were able to make fantastic mocktails and cocktails!!
We got the chilled perky toe crab appetizers and the crab was cooked so well that it did not have any taste of the ocean. We also go the charred corn ravioli and drank the basil fondue sauce as if it was a drink! The taste was unreal! 
Next, we got the Black Sea bass and the fish melted in your mouth with the sweet and sour jus sauce that we slurped up with bread.
They also gave us complementary watermelon gazpacho and desserts. The marshmallows were as if we were eating cloud!
The service was also amazing and our waiter was on point with all of his recommendations 
I would highly recommend this restaurant!!Went here for our friends anniversary on a Monday Evening. I gave it 3 stars for the ambience, the view, the service, and atmosphere was awesome..... 
the only problem which I feel is a big problem is the food presentation, pricing and portions. I tried to do a surprise desert for our friends and I don't know what it was, seem like they made it up that minute.You should not spend $400 for 4 people and all are still hungry when they leave. 
I would only go back for the lounge.First the good news.  The views are spectacular. Don't forget to look up to the ceiling.  There are mirrors up there that reflect what is going on in the streets below.
We were there for breakfast.  We had heard the french toast was to die for.  The answer is YES!!!!!  It is soaked overnight in buttermilk, and there is real maple syrup in the batter as well.  A small bottle of real maple syrup was placed on the table, and our waiter suggested we try the french toast without additional syrup first.  We did so, but then I could not resist adding some more syrup.  OMG.  Do it; just do it.
The fresh fruit was very good, as was the fresh squeezed OJ (but it was a small glass).  I thought the avocado toast needed something else to bring it up to the level I expected from Jean-George.  The coffee was not hot enough to my taste.
Our waiter was attentive and funny; we appreciated both.  The service was a bit slow, especially since the restaurant was not very full, but that just gave us more time to enjoy the views. The decor is, in my opinion, a bit stark.  The flowers provide a burst of color, but the furniture and curtains are kind of blah.This review is not regarding the food or service or view. It regards their customer service. I called today wanting to book a time the weekend of Dec. 28-29. My first anniversary for my wife and I.
Was told they were all full and could not fit me in anywhere other than at 11pm. Can't squeeze two people for their first anniversary who are willing to go Friday Saturday or Sunday at a normal time for dinner.
That is incredibly rude in my book. We are two people we don't take up very much room at all and it is a special occasion. Shouldn't go here out of principle. Didn't even offer a wait list for cancellations.
Thanks for the zero level of help and commitment.
IF your staff wants to reach out they can to try and mediate this as we really wanted to try the restaurant but unfortunately cannot book at midnight two months out as I was told I need  to do. I'm sorry I'm asleep at midnight. I go to work every day.
That is all.Admittedly I came here during the first month it was open and on a weekday night.  I was traveling on my own and wanted to take a look at the space mainly to see a view of my native Philadelphia I have never seen before.  For me, that was the best part of my meal.
First, I was dining solo, which I do a lot particularly when traveling.  The service just felt - uncomfortable.  The interactions were stilted as if the server(s) needed a third person to play off any interaction.  Although I went for the tasting menu, there was no wine pairing offered.  After informing me of the lack of wine pairing, the server offered to send over the som who could walk me through some possibilities.  The som never came.  I ordered a cocktail instead - it was fine.  
Further the server informed me I could make a substitution on the tasting menu for a small upcharge - no problem.  Fifteen minutes he comes back to tell me that kitchen couldn't/wouldn't do it.  Oy.  Between each fine, though, not great course, I waited an inordinate amount of time.  
As it turned out, a friend of my mother's was sitting with the party to my right--I hadn't noticed as it has been years--and we started to chat it up a bit.  She had noticed I had received bu tone course after 30 minutes and told me I was going to be there for a looong time, to which I had to chuckle.  Her table of four also had the same experience
The dessert is the only dish I remember in a line of unmemorable dishes (aside of course from JG's classic caviar egg, which came first and is still a highlight).  It was a beautiful dish of berries and swirly white chocolate (I believe called the garden or some such).  It was definitely the highlight of the meal aside from the grand views of Philadelphia.
In all, I agree/disagree with Craig LeBan's review.  The food was meh at best.  But so was the service, which Craig LeBan lauded.  I'll chalk this up to the fact that no big city food critic is in fact anonymous.
If you're visiting Philly, grab a drink at the JG Skyhigh Lounge if you want to see the view.  Their door policy is very human and the bar tenders are attentive notwithstanding the crowds.  But grab a nice meal at some place that's actually of Philadelphia rather than a poorly grafted on overpriced chain.
Two starts for the dessert and for the view.Come for the view, stay for good company, leave room for dessert and skip the dinner line.
Must get: burger, sea scallop, grain salad, sea urchin, fois gois, shrimp, coconut dessert
Meh: duck, lettuce salad, chocolate-based dessert, cocktails
Missed: express lunch (weekday?)
Jean George Philadelphia has been on every foodie's mind and stomach since it was fully constructed on the tallest building in Philadelphia (Four Seasons). While the view is breathtaking and definitely worth the experience by itself, I think there is much room for improvement in the service and dish presentation. We were fortunate to place a reservation for lunch/brunch on a mild Sunday afternoon on Marathon weekend. The 60-story transparent window elevator ride is a blast and the ceiling tiles are gorgeous, all of which are reflected in the overall cost of the meal, but that's a reasonable price for admission.
Our waiter was pleasant, but missed numerous nuances that would have met a Jean George experience. For example, our table/silverware was rarely changed, water glasses empty, none of the dishes were introduced and I had to chase another staff just to get an explanation on the butter (which is Lancaster butter, I learned). The dishes themselves were decent, some some standout items such as the coconut dessert, the urchin, and fois gras, and, ironically, the complementary olive and sour dough bread. Other dishes were very limited in size and disproportionate to the cost. The plating was..nice, but not exact nor avant garde, and was unable to bring out much subtlety in each dish.
Overall, I had hoped for a fantastic event, worthy of the hype, but I was left with an emaciated wallet and a hungry belly. I loved the view and enjoyed the company with my friends, but I would not come here for dinner.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 5 starsJean George's Philadelphia location is located in the Comcast/Four Season Hotel building on the very top floor. The views and atmosphere are breathtaking starting with the glass elevator ride to the top, floor to ceiling windows lining the entire restaurant, mirrors lining the ceilings which enhance the feelings of openness, and soft wam lighting throughout the the entire space. The service is just as polished as the decor while also being very seasoned and friendly. While the prices are a bit high for the quantity of food severed, all the dishes are bursting with flavor and very well executed. Philadelphia now finally has a glitzy special occasion restaurant that rivals some in Manhattan so if you are willing to pay the price, then this is an experience you should not miss.What a terrific place. Loved this  place.  We hadd a beautiful evening    The service we outstanding from all perspectives and the wine was equally spectacular in range and quality  Joe was the wine sommelier and he was within the parameters on all counts. Ask for him. He is AWSOME. 
What an experience. From the moment we walked in it was meant to be a grand experience and it was from the service to the spectacular set up of the place settings to everything in between there was nothing that they left to chance everything was orchestrated to the point of no guessing
We set the prefix menu and we started with the appetizer which for me was the fois gras and for others it was a choice of risotto or other beginnings.
In between there was a cleanser of broccoli "" soup with a little mousses on top and it was just a nice cleanser Breads were similarly varied with some olive and some sourdough and whole-grain
Entrée was for me the tenderloin which was cooked to perfection with some brussels sprouts - my favorites and yes it was terrific the brussels sprouts were crunchy the steak was sublimely cooked the sauce was the most spectacular accompaniment I have probably never had with a steak and yes it was more like a soup served along side the steak but it worked as the salt brought out the flavor and it was truly amazing
Dessert which I do not usually undertake was a display that you had to taste I took a picture difficult to describe but it was light not a lot of cream not a lot of excessive sugar just a nice way to cleanse the palate and end the evening
I highly recommend this place if you're in Philadelphia this is a must.It's all about the view, folks.  We ate lunch at Jean-George last weekend.  I had a craving for a burger, so why not?  For $24, it's gotta be good, right?  Just OK.  Nothing great.  The restaurant was filled with wait staff, but everyone seemed a bit confused.  So, I sat without any sugar for my iced tea for quite a while.  Go for the view, have a cocktail, and skip the lunch.The venue is stunning and very impressive.  The service attempts to be engaging and white glove but comes across a little desperate and aloof at the same time.  The food was good but not great.  We ordered at least half the appetizers and quite a few of the entrees.  The foies gras and corn dumpling apps were the best.  None of the entrees were amazing but the desserts were very pretty and tasted great.  The wine list is nice but very overpriced (assume 4X what you would normally pay for retail).  I would go back if someone wanted to check out the venue but not go back solely for the food.The service is what you'd expect of the Four Seasons - top notch. The space is gorgeous with the anticipated spectacular views. I fear this will become a bit of a tourist trap, but the drinks, food, and experience are worth having.Highly recommend coming here. From the moment you walk in your wowed by the stunning views. Great service and friendly staff. Most importantly the food was excellent. Very accommodating as well. I will definitely be back for more. It's what a restaurant should be.Went to JG Sky High even though Craig Laban warned us not to in his recent poor review. What a shame -ambiance & views are so nice but service was very inattentive (to put it mildly) & so "off". Food wasn't tasty enough to bring me back. Very disappointing 
Hope they can get their act together.My boyfriend surprised me and booked us brunch here one weekend.  Our waiter was absolutely wonderful.  He had a great personality and even offered to take our picture for us! Every part of our meal was fresh, hot and the flavors were outstanding! I do have a gluten allergy and they were able to not only accommodate me, but made the BEST gluten free fresh almond pancakes I've ever had in my life. The view of the city in the morning is stunning. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant. You will not be disappointed.I could not have picked a more perfect place for me and my wife's one-year anniversary brunch. Not only is this the nicest restaurant in Philly, with by the far the best view of the city, the food is very good and the service is impeccable. I made reservations for a Saturday brunch and mentioned it was our anniversary. We arrived early and they sat us immediately at probably the best seat in the house. It was a white two-seater leather booth right up against the glass window with a Godly view of our beloved city. We got the four-course brunch, which was $88 per person (and totally worth it given the quantity and quality of food, ambience and service). We got a $60 bottle of sparkling wine. 
The wine was amazing. All of the food was delicious. The egg was like nothing I've ever had. So yummy. The tower was filled with extremely tasty selections. Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. The almond pancakes with fresh berries was out of this world. The latkes were thin and crispy. I stuffed them with the smoked salmon. So good! The ham was Godsend. The avocado lettuce wraps were very refreshing. 
The entrees were so yummy. The Wagyu beef was perfectly cooked. The battered sea bass was unreal. The mustard aioli was very delicious. The dessert was super refreshing. I was very stuffed and we were on cloud nine after this meal. This was the most elegant and excellent brunch I have had in Philly. Be ready to drop a few hundo, but you wont regret it. We will be back for drinks and dinner. What a near perfect experience!One of my college girlfriends was in town visiting and wanted to do something different and special. So I figured I'd try my luck on a reservation! Luckily got in that same evening!
Every single person you encounter is incredibly professional and polite. They are actually there to enhance your experience. I LOVE good service. We requested a window seat because well - you're a zillion floors up - I want to sit at a window. We were told it was a short wait but A-OK because I wanted to sit at the bar first anyway!
The bar is absolute perfection - I got a simple dirty martini made exactly how I requested and she got a craft cocktail from the menu which was delicious. 
Once seated our server came over immediately and explained some of the dishes to us. The views are exquisite, service is wonderful and the food is - good. I ordered the caviar toast because, well, you have to. It was delicious and decadent just as you'd expect. I opted for the tenderloin and she went for the chicken. I personally felt as though my dish was over salted - still good - but a little too salty and a little over medium rare. Her chicken was perfect - highly recommend. 
For dessert I got the orchard which was good but again she ordered better than myself with the chocolate passion fruit mousse. YUM. On top of the desserts we ordered they also provide you with complimentary chocolate tastings. What a great way to end a wonderful meal - plus our server was un-phased and happy to take photos of us by the windows!The view is amazing and definitely worth stopping in for a drink. Our lunch service was horrible and our food was cold. I had to track down people for water and coffee refills. When ordering a martini I was told They were out of the ingredients at the bar downstairs and it would be an Inconvenience for them to go to the upstairs bar. Our lunch was over $500 and we had awful service, cold food and couldn't even get a first drink never mind a second. My stay at the four season was phenomenal and I highly recommend the hotel. Save your money until they work out the Kinks try Ambra or Suraya and go have a drink at the bar in JG afterwards to see the view.I had to write a review about the newest kid on the block...more like a classy grand dame. Jean-Georges is an elegant addition to the Philly restaurant scene. 
Reservation was easy enough to make, though high demand so make early. We arrived early and took the elevator up to the top floor of the new Four Seasons Hotel {ears popped} that's how high up you travel. The views are spectacular. Far as the eye can see filled with twinkling city lights. Our hostess was courteous and placed us at a romantic window seat as requested. 
Our server was very knowledgeable and offered us specials and cocktail recommendations.
For starter we tried the special White Truffle Tagliatelle. It was mind blowing. Homemade Italian pasta, earthy truffles, light white sauce. Perfection. 
For main course my hub had the Lamb Chop basted in spices. Tender and cooked perfectly. I opted for the Beef Tenderloin served with a hand poured broth. Scrumptious!
For dessert they brought us the Berry Garden which was a work of art collaboration of mixed berries with a chocolate "Happy Birthday" plate {Bubs strikes again}. 
To top the meal they bring you a tower dappled with petite chocolates and caramels ~ complimentary. 
The ambiance is amongst the top in the city {literally} and the food amazing. A real treat!Such a nice upscale brunch spot. The brunch dishes and delicious and surprisingly large. I ordered the French Toast and had to take out half. Super service as you might expect. Prices were very fair for the views, dishes, and service. Amazing views!Came here for lunch and had phenomenal time.  Ambiance is great!  It's new modern trendy.  Restaurant is on top floor of four seasons so the view is amazing you can see down entire Ben Franklin boulevard.  The attention to detail is noticable.
The prefix lunch had everything I could want.  I think for $45/person.  The portions were well sized.  Really enjoyed my salmon and the broccoli soup was so simple yet done so well.  Desserts were also excellently prepared and presented.  
The service staff was attentive and on point.  Overall we had a great time and would be back.We didn't eat anything, just cocktails at JG Sky High which is an exceptional venue not to be missed. The glass elevator ride up 60 stories is a thrill in itself. The bar and restaurant area share the most spectacular views. We were there on the clearest, sunniest day and enjoyed some fabulous cocktails. The spicy ginger margarita was excellent.  Staff warm and welcoming.  Loved it here and will return.  Seriously a standout activity for Philly.Amazing meal.  Amazing view.
Foie gras is a can't miss dish.  A must stop when in Philly.Stayed at the Four Seasons for our anniversary late 2019.  Hopefully things have improved at Jean-Georges.  Food and views were excellent but I have to say the  service was almost dismissive. The staff was all very young and very good looking but trying to be sophisticated or something but basically they were inexperienced...I think they hired mainly for looks...if you have experience and any grey hair you will probably not be hired.  The timing of the meal was just off.  We asked  a very simple question about a wine and was told I should speak with the sommelier. A nice very young lady came over but not helpful...at the prices they charge I expected much more.  At the end of the meal we sat at our table down in the lower level by the window for almost 15 minutes hoping to get our check. I finally got up and found our waiter over near the kitchen.  Somehow he had forgotten us.  The next morning we checked out and our dinner was on the invoice AND a charge for an extra dinner...they had somehow put another table's tab on our room!  We got a "not sure how that happened and sorry about that".    Hopefully things have improved since then...an extremely beautiful place overall.Jean Georges is a great fine dining experience. Came here to celebrate a birthday dinner and everything was above and beyond. 
The atmosphere was lively, we had great seats with amazing views of the city, the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the food was very flavorful.
We tried the tasting menu- the egg toast and caviar had an interesting texture. The lobster was a bit small but the presentation looked lovely. The lamb chop was excellent with cucumber yogurt for a different flavor. We were fortunate to try the whole dessert menu. Highly recommend the orchard of caramelized Apple and sorbet.
A memorable experience at Jean Georges. Recommend the tasting menu, would return for another special occasion.I was so excited to visit Jean Georges in the new Four Seasons and it definitely met all of my expectations. The views are breathtaking and the bar scene is so fun and busy early on and into the night. We initially planned to just hang by the bar (that pink drink was so sweet and good!), but that lead us to need to try their food.
We wanted to eat downstairs at the actual restaurant but the plans got changed and we ended up just eating in the upstairs lounge area. This area has a much smaller menu, but still so much to choose from. We ordered a little bit of everything between the chicken tacos, tuna tartar lettuce wraps, shrimp satays, salmon crispy sushi, 3 different pizzas, and the cookie plate and strawberry sundae for dessert.
I loved everything especially the shrimp satays (we kept ordering more!) and tuna tartar. The tuna tartar was pretty spicy so I feel like that should be noted. The pizzas were all delicious but next time I would probably skip the Margherita as it was a bit too thin and wet. The truffle fontina was a last minute decision and one of my favorite things I've ever eaten. I would return just for that.
The only "complaints" I have is that we saw other tables with bread and olive oil and I didn't catch that on the menu so we think our server may have forgot to give us that. Also, I love dessert especially cookies so the cookie plate immediately caught our eye. The server happily explained that it was a variety of 5 cookies and we asked her if they come out warm and she said yes. When they came we immediately dug into the chocolate chip to find out it wasn't warm and the server said she forgot to tell us that only one of the 5 cookies is warm. This was definitely disappointing and I think they should really change that.
Jean Georges is one of the hippest new spots in that city and I definitely see myself as a regular -- as long as that truffle fontina pizza is still there!The service is great. Our waiter Michael was very friendly. Nice view of the city.
Appetizer: crab dumplings: the broth was poured on the table. It has the small dumplings filled with crab meat. The broth had citrus flavor, it's ok. Unfortunately I found crab shell. I notified the waiter and a lady probably the manager apologized.
Sea bass with turmeric sauce:  the seabass  was perfectly cooked with nice crispy skin but the turmeric doesn't have much flavor. It's very mediocre. Unfortunately I found a bone in it. I couldn't get our waiter's attention so I notified another staff who didn't bring it to our waiter's attention. I had to tell him about this incident to ensure it was taken off from the bill.
My husband had tenderloin with miso mustard sauce and he loves it.
The saving grace of the dinner was the desserts.
Apple dessert was beautifully presented. It has spiralized apple with some cookie inside, not too swee.
My guest 
Overall the food wasn't spectacular.  However the dessert was outstanding and memorable had coconut dessert that some fruit inside, so pretty.
The bread basket was ok, rye was salty. I prefer the bread at JG SkyHigh