Heaveeeeeen. Was in the mood for breakfast one morning and came across this place on yelp. Glad I did because their breakfast sandwiches are awesome! I got the turkey bacon, eggs and cheese on white bread. It was a pretty decent sandwich compared to all of the other breakfast sandwiches I've had. If you like a particular drink and can't find it anywhere else, they got you covered! They literally have every drink possible, their selection is huge! Great breakfast, was excited to start my day!good spot to grab breakfast!  i loooove their omelettes! you can pretty much get whatever you want in it and avg price is about $5 AND it comes with toast and homefries~  i can never finish the whole thing.. good for sharing too! lol 
i work in the building across the street so normally, i would just call in to place an order and each time i go in like 5-10 mins later, they have it ready! speedy service-- i like it!
they also have a wide variety of beverages for those who have strange cravings from day to day like me.. thank god they always have what i'm looking for! ^^;; 
the only thing to keep in mind is that they only accept credit cards for purchases over $10.. so if you're just grabbing breakfast, definitely remember to bring cash!  other than that, i'd def recommend this place especially to the locals to grab some quick grub.This place is a great spot for a quick bite to eat. They have a great tuna pasta salad for $3 that could easily be lunch by itself, although I usually get it as a side and stretch it over 2 days. They'll make any sandwich into a wrap for you for an extra $1 if you ask. Many of their items have silly names, and the spelling on the menu isn't great, but these ladies are insanely fast and I've never been disappointed. Go for the "New Yorker" (corned beef special with pastrami) or the "Dirty Harry" (ham, smoked turkey, fresh mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, balsamic and olive oil)If you want a solid, no nonsense, inexpensive breakfast, you've come to the right place. Egg sandwiches from $2.75 to $4. Lots of different omelets. Pancakes, French toast, oat meal. Looks like some nice deli too.This place has an assortment of breakfast & lunch items at a price that you would expect from a roach coach and not a brick & mortar restaurant. 
My only complaint is that they never answer the phone when I try to call ahead to make an order, but it's not that bad considering that no matter what you order there, it's done within 10 minutes. 
Their turkey bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches haunt me in my dreams with how delcious they are,I love this place. Reliable, friendly, and quick place to get a good sandwich at a good price. Breakfast is excellent. I just wish they'd stay open later, as once they close, the options in my neighborhood for a good simple sandwich dwindle.
The only way they could improve for me would be to use higher quality meats, or at least offer them, along with higher quality breads. Despite that, I'd say Jean's is your best bet for a solid sandwich in its neighborhood.As a misanthrope, I was pleased to order my ham and egg sand from a touchscreen. I still had to interact with the cashier so minus one star. Excellent breakfast sandwich btw.A great place for a bite to eat at lunchtime. Definitely try the chicken parm sandwich. Great selection of other deli sandwichs, salads, and wraps as well. You can use your credit card but only at a $5 minimun which is basically what you pay anyway.I have to agree with fellow yelpers in reference to the turkey bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, it is excellent. Overall Jean's offers great food at very reasonable pries considering the area. The service is okay, not a great ambience for dining in, but you can't go wrong for a breakfast or lunch take-out here.Great place for lunch. Numerous options and quick service. Best of all the prices are affordable.Came here after a night in the city for breakfast. I got a pork roll egg and cheese and it was delicious. The food came out fast and the service was good. The only complaint I have is the drinks in the one fridge weren't cold.Fairly typical urban deli - exactly like the ubiquitous neighborhood delis I'm used to from my time in New York - with large breakfast and sandwich menu. Simple, honest-to-goodness ingredients and quick, efficient service. Little ambience to speak of, which is the point: it's good for a quick, tasty, and inexpensive in-and-out order or on-the-spot chowdown.Very good breakfast sandwich spot. I've never had the sit down breakfast but it always looks and smells delicious. It's usually pretty crowed but moves pretty good. Price is cheap for the location. Wish it would be open on Sunday, but everyone deserves a day or 2 off.  Service is friendly and has a wide variety of drinks, which is always good for battling a hangover. Definitely try if near by, don't let the facade deter you.Jean's is different. It's not the best thing you've ever tasted, but that's usually not what you're looking for with a place like this. You usually want a quick lunch or early dinner (since they close at 6pm) for $15 or less. 
But for that price, Jean's is the best you're gonna get. You could go to the Wawa a few doors down, but you won't find the variety you have at Jean's. Jean's has chicken fingers and more! Wawa only has sandwiches and small mac and cheese sides.
Jean's is the best cheap food in the history of the universe. I have very high standards (I'm talking 4+ star Yelp ratings), but Jean's is still my #1 choice for meals under $12 as long as it's before 6pm.
I usually only get breakfast from here, but Dunkin Donuts and Wawa have NOTHING on Jean's.
If you don't wanna spend $20+ on a meal, go here.Whenever midterms/finals month kick in for UArts, Jean's Cafe is always right around the corner for the stressed-out me that can't get home/wake up early enough to make lunch. I always get a burger from them and their cheeseburger have yet to disappoint me. Their home fries are good but needs salt/ketchup/mustard what-have-you to help. Sometimes a long wait during lunch hours but the staff is friendly which makes everything ok.Jean's made a really rad bowl of brown sugar oatmeal. Their default amount of brown sugar is just enough so that you get the occasional lump of sugar in your oats. 
And they give you your choice of toppings: brown sugar, white sugar, butter, cream, cinnamon etc...
Oh, and their oatmeal has just the right consistency...like the middle bear in Goldilocks...it wasn't too liquid...it didn't stick to my spoon like a brick. It was JUST RIGHT.
(But the cookie killed it. Dammit. If I want a chocolate chip cookie, there had better be more than 10 chips in it.)
The drink selection is huge. Next time, I'll gussy up the courage to try the espresso coffee soda beverage.Jean's Cafe is my go-to spot for lunch when I forget to brown bag it (which is pretty often, by the way). They make the best BLT (crunchy bacon! yes!) and the prices are cheap. Plus, they have the cutest descriptions of their food items on the take out menu. Eggy! Cheesy! Yum yum for your tum tum! 
I am a sucker for crispy bacon and cute things so naturally I'm a big fan of Jean's.
The only problem (which is why they don't get the fifth star) is that they are sort of unorganized about their order-taking/cashiering process. I really wish they would realize how much more smoothly things would go if one person takes the orders while the other rings people up (you pay when your food is ready). It would really cut down on the lunch time chaos. Especially since people never know where to form a line!
Other than that, I'll keep ordering my BLT, even if I sometimes feel an anxiety attack creeping up on me. (My therapist is on speed-dial. No worries, peeps.)Jeans Cafe has been and always will be my favorite place for a quick or sit down breakfast. The food is unbelievably fresh due to the large volume of costumers that come and go each day. The portions are very generous and the prices are always all time lows. The owners are funny, cute, and loving and remind you of your own parents/family. My favorite is the quick service and the delicious food. Can't wait to go back again and again.Jean's Cafe is a nice little nook off of Broad. Great for lunches! They have a menu that rotates regularly, with fresh sandwiches, wraps, and salads. The staff is really friendly, and there speedy. Huge drink selection!As a student, Jeans Cafe is local, affordable and form my experience, a nice staff. The food is from the grill and deli, there is a plentiful breakfast menu and a wide arrange of bottle and canned drinks in the front.I didn't actually eat. It is not a sit down brunch/diner place. Its an Asian grocer with a griddle. You order at a counter and sit at a table. I was in town on biz and was looking for a breakfast place. This wasn't it. I guess the food is good tho, based on the reviews.I'm a student at UArts and I've come here a couple times for lunch. I haven't been disappointed yet. Probably the cheapest place in Philly I've been to and the food is pretty good, always fresh. Staff is also very friendly. 
recommend coming here if you want more bang for your buck.This has become my go-to place for a quick, cheap Center City lunch.  And great breakfast, which they serve all day.
Sometimes you just need a good tuna salad sandwich, and this is where you'll find it.  For $6.
Friendly service and plenty of bottled drinks to go with your sandwich.  You'll be back at your desk in no time!(Singing) "First I was afraid, I was petrified..." 
Okay, I'll stop. But seriously, I constantly walked past this place because I thought it was a corner store that might have food on the level of a gas station. Judgmental, I know.
After walking in, I still wasn't impressed. Of course, I had already read through several Yelp reviews, so I knew this place could be trusted. I stuck to the memory of the reviews and stepped up to the register to order the Spanish chicken wrap... amazing. 
This wrap is huge. You could eat half of it and you'd be full. What's the catch? You won't be able to stop at half... grab a fork because it's pretty messy. It's stuffed full of chicken, pepper jack cheese, tomato sauce, and lots of veggies.
I grabbed a menu on my way out and noticed that under 'Wraps,' item #150 says, "The list goes on and on. Just ask us to wrap what you like, and we will do our best to satisfy you." I'm going to create my own wrap, name it, and then order it every week until they put it on the menu. I'll let you know when you can order the "Wei Wrap."  
My only complaint about this place? The hours aren't convenient for my busy little schedule. I'd love to order from Jean's for a quick dinner but they close at 6pm M-F and at 3:30pm on Sat.  Sunday... closed. (Sigh)LOVE LOVE LOVVVVE! It doesn't have the frills or bells and whistles but who needs it when the food is just simply fantastic?! It's simple yet so satisfying. Lastly, you CAN'T beat the pricesAmazingly cheap for a downtown location.  Less than $3 fora breakfast sandwich.  Good quality food--less memorable coffee.Food was good, fast, and cheap. It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall place, but definitely worth visiting.  There is nothing fancy here, but the breakfast sandwich was a perfect way to start my day of walking around the city.What can I say about this place? I'm in love. If I could marry a restaurant in Center City this would be it. Humble, sweet, delicious, reliable, down-to-earth, direct, cheap but cheerful. No frills. No obnoxious hipster telling you "that will be 45 minutes" so you can eat some ridiculous skillet full of overcooked scrambled eggs and recklessly seasoned potatoes. You will never want to eat another dunkin donuts breakfast sandwich again after you see what they do here. The simpler you go here the better. The bacon and egg sandwich is two perfectly cooked over-medium eggs with bacon on wheat or white toast. What more do you need in life? And it's $3.15! Are you kidding? I am in love.Jean's is a little rough around the edges, but that's what i love about Jean's. the "Tuna Melty" is my fav tuna melt in philly. If you find yourself looking for a lunch bite near center city, this is usually a good choiceSo good! Had a BLT on an everything bagel. Good to go or to sit and eat.If you go here, only get the sandwiches.  The omelettes and breakfast platters are lame.  
Also, the dine in area is not remotely clean.  Yikes.I started eating at Jean's a few years back when I was working Saturday mornings with nothing but crappy Dunkin' Donuts sandwiches to choose from at 7AM. Needless to say I was stoked to find somewhere with actual hot food that I could have for breakfast without the hike (from where I'm at) and the grease of Little Pete's down towards 17th Street.
I always enjoyed their breakfast food and just recently rediscovered them for lunch. The food is good portions for a great price, which is why it attracts all the college students in the area. I mean, I seriously got a grilled cheese with tomato one day with a drink AND chips for $4! You can't beat that price, not even at some of the food carts in the area. 
Sandwiches and Burgers are pretty good...even the turkey burgers (and I usually gag from "turkey" based products like burgers and sausage). Breakfast is amazing and good platter portions for cheap. Seriously, don't even think  of going to IHOP down the block for their overpriced and overcooked crap on a platter (unless it's 3am and you are drunk, of course) . You can get twice the quality for half the price at Jean's.As I'm writing this review, I'm enjoying my turkey bacon, egg white and cheese bagel. When I set out for breakfast this morning, I didn't want something overpriced and I definitely didn't want to settle for something crappy like Dunkin Donuts. 
Jean's hit the spot and the price is not bad for Center City. This will definitely be on my list of breakfast spots.Great lunch spot near City Hall who has plenty of options - including wraps, salads, burgers, hoagies, cheesesteaks and breakfast all day.
Low priced menu which boasts a big taste.
Recommend the lunch combos - 1/2 lb Cheeseburger w/fries and fountain soda for under $6.50Great tasting, inexpensive food in a hurry. The have the friendliest employees in Philadelphia (and this is coming from a true Customer Service critic).Jean's doesn't have much ambiance, but the staff is friendly, and the chicken salad sandwich was very good - the chicken salad tasted homemade. The omelet was a bit dry, but it was just $4.50 with a side of oatmeal. Go.Was in town on business and looking for a cheap diner breakfast. As far as the food goes you definitely get what you pay for. Had the western omelet with home fries an toast for just over $5. Everything was lacking in salt. The home fries were dry and tasteless and required an excessive amount of ketchup to make them remotely palatable. The toast had a tiny bit of butter on half of it and globs of it on the other making it really soggy. For the price, I can deal with crappy diner food but what really baffled me was the complete disorganization of the cashier. The waiting line seem mostly a suggestion. It was a jumbled mess and people kept cutting in line. I noticed a couple of digital kiosks for ordering food so I stepped out of line to put in my food ordering. Apparently what you get is a bill for your food for which you then have to get back in the cashier line to pay for your food. People were also ordering food at the cashier so I don't understand the point of having multiple ordering locations when you still have to get back in the damn cashier line. It's possible that by getting the food order in earlier you would get your food earlier. I waited 15 minutes for my omelet. After putting my order in. Not including the prior wait time in the cashier line. 
If I could do it all over again, I would definitely shell out a few more bucks for a better breakfast somewhere else. If I'm ever in Philly again, I will not be back nor would I recommend Jean's to anyone else.Ok, so I wanted something semi-healthy. I tend to shy away from ordering veggie burgers to-go, since I assume that they will taste like dried out veggies and rice, with the consistency of a hockey puck.
Jean's totally surprised me. Their veggie burgers are homemade, and are packed with flavor. Topped with jack cheese, lettuce, hot peppers, and ketchup.....and for $4.00? Cant beat it.I came across this deli on Yelp and am glad that I did.  Pay attention to a word that I just used, DELI.  This place is a no-frills deli.  Now that groundwork has been laid...
This place is a great spot for locals and travelers on a budget alike.  Take-out is likely 80% of their business, but they also have 6 or so tables if you wish to eat here, not waitstaff, but one of the owners might bring you your plate if you are seated at the last table in the back, where it is easier for them to walk to.
As for the food, it is tasty and served in good-sized portions.  The breakfast options range from egg, cheese and meat sandwiches to platters, pancakes and more.  Lunch time, they got your Philly Cheese Steak covered, as well as something more standard like turkey.  Going back to my opening comments, don`t come here expecting a really "nice cafe".  But, if you dig getting some affordable grub, that hits the spot from a basic deli, this is a great place to check out.Great place. Lots of options. Good breakfast sandwiches. I wish they were open on Sunday.This is THE SPOT.
Breakfast = western omelette with chez (onions, green peppers, ham) + homefries and toast for under $5.
Lunch = honey roasted turkey hoagie with chez + mad shit for ~$6. 
Those are my usuals, I come here on the reg. Sometimes I'll switch it up and get chicken tenders and cheese fries (slamin')We were here mid week in May as tourists. Perfect stop for a quick breakfast before a long day of sightseeing. It is a deli, not a restaurant or diner. The quality is good & the prices are even better! Cash payments for orders under $10Jean's Cafe was perfect I wish I had found it the first day and not on the last! I kinda strange to be in this divey (good thing in my book) cafe but able to order through a kiosk! It was awesome...you know in the morning you may not be ready to deal with people yet? Well this was perfect for those moments! I bought a couple egg sandwiches and fresh fruit for the baby. Excellent pricingAs much as it pains me, I need to give Jean's two stars. I live within walking distance of Jean's and I love going to Jean's with my boyfriend for yummy and inexpensive breakfast sandwiches. Breakfast is usually pretty good and I've never had issues calling orders in and picking them up on the weekend.
I just had my first lunch experience and it was miserable. I ordered a warm Tarzan sandwich and waited for 25 minutes, in the meantime, watched the staff them pick up every order on their "outgoing items" table before mine. Other rude customers who had come in after me began complaining about their orders and so they received their sandwiches before me.
I contemplated leaving but right as I was about to, she called my name. I took my sandwich back to the office and found that my sandwich that was supposed to be mozzarella and grilled veggies on a baguette was soggy, balsamic drenched vegetables on a hoagie roll.
Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back to Jean's again.As far as cheap, yummy food goes... Jean's is the best.
Jean's serves as a hot spot for many college students and hungry people in the Center City area. Getting fairly busy around lunch time. So make sure to get there before the rush!
As far as sandwiches go they use Boar's Head deli meats, which is the best. But I go for the breakfast sandwiches. I absolutely love them. Especially the sausage, egg, and cheese on a bagel. Making any morning (or even lunch) awesome!Jean's cafe is a great spot to pick up a quick bite.  It's inexpensive, quick and delicious.  I wish they were open a little later and on Sundays - I guess everyone needs time off!I read the reviews and wanted a good breakfast sandwich. Well I got one. Sausage egg and cheese on a kaiser roll. Cheese is oozing out of it. Good hash browns too.As much as I want to give this place 4 stars, I just can't.  I don't find the food to be that tasty.  They reuse the same bland chicken in most of the sandwiches/wraps. 
Also, don't even attempt to touch the tuna salad.  It's runny.  I've given that two tries just incase it was an off day the first time, but that is just how they make it.
Staff is really friendly and quick.    Fresh food and affordable, but you get what you pay for in most cases, and this place is no exception.I love this place.  The staff are friendly and the food is high quality.  I have never been disappointed.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Pleasant.I adore this little café/deli. It has not changed a bit in the 10 years I've lived in Philly, can't say that about many places! Some of the best (& cheapest) egg sandwiches & omelets in the city, quality and creatively named sandwiches, and always fast & friendly service.I have been here many many times over my years in Philadelphia. Jeans is a great place to get breakfast or lunch (or both) before heading off to work. They have everything you want for your morning commute: fast, cheap, and good food. Their menu isn't anything out of the ordinary, just the food you would want for a working days breakfast and lunch. Love it here!definitely one of the better places to grab a quick sandwhich. Sometimes there are huge lines for lunch but trust me, it'll be worth it.Jean's is solid, but when push comes to shove... I'm not going to write home about it. I am, however, going to come back when I need lunch in a pinch.
As a college student interning in the city, sometimes all that I really need is a damn good sandwich for damn near zero dollars and zero cents. It's a tall order, but Jean's tries their best.
I'll come in occasionally for lunch and I've had several things on the menu. The first time I came to Jean's I had a Chicken Cheesesteak. I ended up paying about $7.50 for just the sandwich. For that amount of money I would expect something totally delicious and it wasn't bad--it just wasn't the best. Also, I waited a long time for it--about 25 minutes after ordering.
The second time I figured I would take a swing at their breakfast menu. If you're looking for a value, definitely go towards the morning menu. I got a nice, cheap Western omelette, but again I was underwhelmed. The omelette was super greasy and tasted like velveeta... not exactly appetizing.
The third time I went for a regular roast beef sandwich. It was also fairly average and no cheaper than others I've had in the city. The ingredients tasted fresh, though, which was a nice plus.
It's clear that this place knows how to handle their lunch crowd. They always have a small line of folks, and it is a great in-and-out on your lunch break, but why spend your money on an average sandwich? I would rather make my own.Absolutely solid. This place reminds me of the best deli's in New York, but with Philly attitude. I ordered the Spanish Wrap and enjoyed a hearty and savory meal. It's no wonder that it is a go-to spot for so many professionals working in Center City, especially given the bang for your buck prices and friendly staff. Next time, I look forward to trying their cheeseburger or cheesesteak, which were recommended to me. The Western Omelette pictures look good too. 
Win: During busy lunch hours, you can order at the self-order kiosk or order online to save time.Jean's Cafe is my consistent breakfast spot after a night shift at the hospital and I go here about 3x a week. The food is cheap relative to the neighborhood and a hearty breakfast of eggs, grits, sausage, and toast can be had for around $7. The menu consists of American food.
The interior is beautifully decorated in cute, bright colors and decorations as well.
The staff are super friendly, hard working, and fast.
This place is popular with students, construction workers, and locals.
There's strong Wi-Fi. 
Oh, and the trash cans are by the ATM to the left of the entrance.i was glad that it was open. the food was great. took a minute but it was packed. def a spot to go to if you're in the area at a hotel, very inexpensive..Consummate owner-managed cafe. Terrific breakfast all day; built for those in a hurry (breakfast sandwiches + touchscreen ordering) or no hurry. Pricing is very reasonable for a non chain.dear god...
I just started working in the wanamaker building this week and I have already been here twice. The sandwhiches are amazing and insanely cheap. I just had a Dirty Harry - ham, smoked turkey, fresh mozz, lettuce, tomato, balsalmic, oil on a foot long roll for like $5!! sooo banging.  turkey club was amazing to. def my new fav lunch spot.Tasty food. Customer service was great and friendly. Quick in and out an go on with my day.I love this place and all of the people that work there. I don't eat out much, but when I need something ..they are always good and cheap.Pretty good hoagies. I am partial to Boar's Head deli meats but wish their rolls were a better quality. That said the kiosk allowed for a good deal of customization and ease in ordering. The food was ready quickly and the portions were pretty generous. There is also a lot of combo options and variety of drinks. All in all a pretty good lunch spot.Hard to get something here that isn't delicious. Reasonably priced, friendly service, pretty much flawless.
Try the Big Louie chx cutlet sandwich, the gobbler with smoked turkey, bacon, and swiss, or the humongous 1 lb. Superman burger.
And  finish off your lunch with a black and white cookie, texture of that bad boy puts most Jewish delis to shameWe were staying at marriott and nearby eating spots were either in reading terminal or Chinese. We walked to this place - less than 10 min from hotel. You can order on computer or face to face. The computer doesn't have everything on the menu board but the woman easily adds what you need when paying. 
We were drawn by the yummy photos on yelp and the food delivered! Brief wait and it's brought to your table. We had a big group but able to break into 2 tables easily. 
We had eggs sausage bacon and bagels- everyone in the crowd was satiated, even the teens. It was a yummy low key and affordable place to eat. Also offer sandwiches but we only had breakfast items.Checked out Jean's for lunch and breakfast in the past week.  The turkey club was good and the bacon was crispy.  They slice the meats to order and use Boar's Head.  Pretty quick service for lunchtime too.  The bacon, egg and cheese sandwish did not stand out but was delicious as it should be (mmm, bacon.)  Maybe I didn't get anything that warranted "sandwish specialists" but I thought it was good but not fantastic.  I'll go again if I'm nearby or want a change.Fundamentally, there is nothing wrong with Jean's. The food is good, they have a ton of beverage options, service is usually really fast (unless its lunch hour because a million people want lunch at once, but that's no fault of the employees). The breakfast foods and other basic sandwiches, etc are priced pretty well. Some of the stuff can get a little up there (but I will be fair, it's still pretty reasonable compared to other places that offer this sort of thing in center city). 
I just would think what with Citi Marketplace down the block (a place that makes HEAVENLY vegetarian hoagies and cheesesteaks (and regular meat stuff too) with a plethora of healthy and non-healthy (for you junk food lovers out there) convenience and grocery foods) they would step up their game a little bit more.
But that aside, Jean's is good on the go. And half a block from my work. So that makes it a no brainer.The staff is the most friendly and courteous that you will find in Philly. You give your order and they have it made in a flash. There's nothing spectacular about it. It's not gourmet. I honestly am a fan of the place and would give it five stars, but don't want to give it the impression that it is something more than just a place to grab a quick bite to eat. Cheap menu, fresh ingredients, friendly staff, clean but not spotless. If that's all you're looking for, you won't be disappointed. I stop here for almost breakfast every day. If they delivered, I'd get lunch from them every day as well.This place is great to grab the homemade version of a egg/cheese/bacon sandwich. Tons of options, 5 different breads, any way you want it.  Fast, reasonable prices, and near center town.  The Cheesecake was , hands down, the best I have had in my life.  Nice surprise, good eatsCame here for a simple breakfast sandwich. It was delicious! They have turkey bacon and turkey sausage too, which are great healthier options! Staff seemed low, as it took a little longer than expected on a Saturday morning to get our sandwiches.By far my favorite breakfast sandwich spot. Their kaiser roll sandwiches are amazing, but what really changed my life was their toasted everything bagels with cream cheese and bacon. Yes, cream cheese and bacon. It sounds kinda funky, but good god it is delicious. So delicious, in fact, that I am regretting mentioning it for fear that more people may start ordering and it would no longer just be "my thing." 
I was totally eating that sandwich before it was cool. Just sayin. 
Eat at Jean's.Love this place. Was one of my first daily places when I got to college and I still love it best. Got simple things like grilled cheese with tomato inside it and Ughh, they found a way to make it perfect. :} love it here, so much. So nice n friendly too :}I love Jean's Cafe.  Good for breakfast or lunch, this place is always hopping.  Their breakfast sandwiches are a healthier and cheaper substitute to the grease cart's on nearby Broad Street.  For lunch they have a good selection of deli sandwiches and wraps.  
It's on the small side, but seating is available.  The service is great so its easy to get in and out.I could seriously eat their breakfast sandwiches every day. I was devouring a bacon, egg, and cheese on wheat about twice a week at one point, but decided to scale it back because there's no way that much bacon can be healthy for anyone. Since then I've tried the turkey bacon, egg and cheese (because, hey... it's turkey!) but more recently I've been sticking to a breakfast sandwich with spinach and even - stay with me - mushrooms. I know everyone doesn't get down with the fungus, but it is seriously tasty. Try it! I believe you won't be disappointed. The CHEESE! It makes the whole thing. Gooey, melty white American cheese is just oozing out of the thing. Mmmmm. Can you tell I just ate one? I think I could go for another. 
I'm less versed in their lunch selections, but you can grab a pre-made basic salad for mad cheap: $2.50 for a small and $3.50 for a large, if I recall correctly. They have also been advertising their tomato soup with grilled cheese combo, which... sounds... delicious. 
The service is snappy and the folks are friendly. The place draws a nice crowd in the morning and the afternoons can get packed. Call ahead if you are pressed for time. Pretty good drink selections too at reasonable prices, including Fuse, coconut water, soda, various teas, and a few pre-made coffees; not to mention the fountain sodas and brewed coffee or hot tea. 
Get some!Tasty diner food for an actually appropriate price (I had French toast and coffee)! The lady taking orders and working the register was friendly, too, which is a big perk. The room is decorated with pretty much every Boar's Head promotional poster ever made, but more intriguing than that is the incredible animal calendar cutout collage adorning a large portion of the far end of the deli case. What?? I'll be back here. I wish they didn't serve everything on disposable plates for eating in, though.Believe what they say about the turkey bacon, egg and cheese sandwich! I got provolone cheese and eggs scrambled on a Kaiser roll and it was a heavenly lunch. The melted cheese was stringy and delicious! My mouth is watering at the thought of how soft the roll was. The portion size is perfect for lunch--not too big/heavy. Probably wouldn't be enough for a decent-sized dinner. The drink selection is huge and they sell Asian snacks that can usually be found only in Asian grocery stores.
I went in during lunch time and even though there were a lot of people picking up food for their breaks, the service was fast and the food was prepared efficiently. I've heard good things about their breakfast, but I'm afraid I'll be ordering the same thing when I come here.I am very fortunate to have school right around the corner from Jean's. They have the best prices, healthy options, vegetarian options, and a great selection of beverages. The people there are always really nice and the food is done fairly quickly (which is wonderful when I have lunch breaks in class because they usually only give us half an hour) and I don't remember ever getting food there that I did not enjoy. Lunch hour gets really busy there, so if you're in a real hurry, try to beat lunch hour by all means (especially when school is back in session). The veggie burger is the best and huge! Before I became vegetarian, I was a great fan of their omelettes and french toast. Seating is hard to find some days, but overall, this is the best place to go when you need good food on a budget. 
Oh, and if you're like me who hardly carries cash around -- you can pay with your debit/credit card here as long as you spend a minimum of $5. If you have just under 5, just get a nice cold drink in the case or a granola bar by the register and you're good to go :)Jean's is a great little place tucked away right off of South Broad Street. 
I used to go there for lunch every Friday when I was interning in the city, and I never had to wait more than ten minutes for my take-out order, even during the very busy lunch rush. Plus, the staff was so friendly and even though I was only there on a weekly basis, I was quickly established as a "regular". They have a great, diverse selection of beverages as well, and every entree on the menu (which includes breakfast) is well under $10. A lovely, casual find. Only downside is that I do believe that they close around 6 PM on the weekdays.Oh, Jean's cafe. The food is so good and affordable...but if you order more than two items at once, the wait is WAY too long. I've come here to order take-out with a group for breakfast (bagels with cream cheese or egg/cheese/bacon/ham) and lunch (wraps), and both times we had to wait over 20 minutes for our order. 
So if you're alone, definitely stop in (or take-out) for a well-crafted, tasty, and filling meal. But if you have a large group, call in your take-out order!Small deli with a touch screen kiosk to order your food. we had breakfast for 13 bucks for two and all was good.I like that their menu adds a "y" to any word possible EG cheesey burgers & eggy omelets.
I've been here twice so far and have had two wraps one italian and on chicken pesto with red peppers. The italian was as expected but the chicken pesto wrap was pretty proper. As someone else mentioned they do seem to have an awesome selection of drinks (chocolate coconut water?!?! Who knew such a thing existed?) I'll update this when I try the breakfast as 99% of these reviews revolve around that.Ever have one of those days, you are broke as a joke, payday is not for another 2 days, and you are hungry for some lunch but don't want to sacrifice quality for value (i.e. a value menu at a fast food chain). Well save your stomach from some fast food distress and head on over to Jeans Cafe. At this no frills establishment it is possible to get quality and value all nicely wrapped in one of there many combos, for instance a 1/2lb cheeseburger with fries and 20oz drink for 5.70. There are plenty of combos to choose from but looking at the menu, even if you went ala cart you will not break the bank. I went with the burger combo today and added bacon for 1.50 (slight sticker shock on the bacon until i saw the massive amount they put on the burger). The burger was delicious and did not appear to have started out as a frozen patty and the fries were the shoestring variety and very nicely cooked. As mentioned in other reviews the staff was incredibly friendly like they had known me for years, they did not take my name when i place my order amongst the sea of people yet somehow, quick as a flash, my food was ready and I was called to the counter to hand over my meager amount of money and receive my copious amount of food. I will be adding this to my regular lunch lineup and just be happy about the money I saved.  There is a $10 minimum to use credit cards and normally this would be no big deal but at a place like this for one person, you would be hard pressed to find a meal that will be more then $10. They have dirt cheap breakfast too, sandwich cart prices indoors. On food alone I would give 3 stars (good, nut not thrilling) however if you add in value and service with a smile you get another star. 4 stars for the folks at Jeans. Keep up the good work.