I eat here when I am traveling from terminal D.  The salads are pretty good, and that is usually what I eat when at the airport.  They seem to be a little understaffed and it is pretty loud.  This is about what you would expect in an airport restaurant.  Prices are high food is ok and so is the service.
The walls made out of windows are nice and make a nice view of the plane activities.
This is a solid 3 stars.Eleven dollars for a very small cheesesteak with very little meat. The other reviews aren't exaggerating. Fries were undercooked and soggy. Employee at the take-out counter was rude, as seems to be the norm in this airport.Much like the rest of the end of terminal D, Jet Rock tries to cram in more than it can handle or is staffed to accommodate.  
There are a lot of seats, but few servers.  There is an excellent selection of beers on tap, but too few bar tenders to get to everyone effectively, despite their hustle.
The walls of windows are a nice touch and compliment the Hard Rock Cafe inspired decor.  But at the end of the day, $11 for a pint and waiting 10 minutes at the bar to cash out undid the other goodwill.Very, very slow. Taking half hour for just preparing a burger! Almost missed my flight because of that!Preislich sogar ausgewogen - wenn die Burger und Pommes jetzt auch auch noch warm gewesen wären und die Bedienung etwas motivierter, dann wär's sogar ganz okay. So halt doch nicht...Quite possibly the nastiest airport bar/grill I've encountered.  Continually brushing "sink" flies from an expensive, dry, overcooked  burger.  Bar hasn't been wiped down in days by the looks of things - I kept sticking to it.  Beer selection is very good though, and Lauren may be able to take care of you when she's not doing 20 other tasks at the same time.Sure, I will have some beer while I wait for a flight. Woah, you have some good beer... I love 60 min ipa. How much could it be?? I'm sure I will enjoy it. Oh shit, $11.44?  
Yeah. Stay away.
They have 48 TVs and I had to ask twice to have ABC family turned off in favor of playoff hockey.  
Stay away 2x.There are just a few airport bars I really like, and this is (close to being) one of them.
Jet Rock has many positives - chief among them being the draft beer selection: 48 quality pulls, skewing heavily towards the ales.  Whiskey (or whisky, depending upon your potable preference) lovers will appreciate choosing from among 19 single malts and blends.
Don't like draft?  Fear not, they have two bottled beers as well, 
The bar itself, a grand sweeping behemoth studded with fluorescing ceramic and brass draft-towers, is the central eyepiece in this concourse.  The wall is lined with a few high-tops, and a mawing cavern awaits those to be seated at a traditional 4-top.  This area, while truly an image of purgatory for any agoraphobics out there, at least offers a view of the tarmac.  wow.
Their food is, in general, not bad, but please stay away from the Philly Cheese Steak sammich with Cheese Wiz.  I warned you.
Other than that, I have ordered several satisfying dishes, but my favorite so far has simply been their burgers, which are excellent!  They also have decent salads, which you might want to get instead of the fries, which are waayyy too salty.  Horrible.  They exist only to coerce you into drinking more beer.  Come on, peeps!  You do not have to do much to get me to drink more beer.  Simply having beer to sell is sufficient.
Now, I am a huge Guinness fan, but their Guinness here is occasionally off-tasting.  The last time I was here it was not drinkable.  The strange thing about that is that the staff knew it was bad, and served it to me anyway, without warning, and apparently in some vain attempt to get me to take the shite off their hands.
This brings me squarely to the staff - by far the biggest weakness in the establishment.
Generally I am very staff friendly, but this place simply has consistently bad staff, with a pervasive poor attitude, low attentiveness, and a nonchalant incivility.  This is exacerbated during any rush when they just seem to be put out.  ("Customers are really very annoying, aren't they?  Always wanting us to do shit for them!"
Too bad.  Would have gotten a four.Worst breakfast ever. The waitress was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. It wasn't even busy when we got there and she threw our
Silverware on the table. We were holding back laughing because she looked so ridiculous that it was like a comedy skit. Food was subpar and my husbands breakfast was missing home fries.  We never got a chance to say anything because the waitress never checked in on us. When it got busy her head nearly spin off her body.  For godsake hire someone else to help her out!Meh.
Nice people. "You ok?" was the question, rather than "can I get you anything else?" A dog at the bar and one at a high top weren't my favorite. Even though I'm a dog lover. Fries were soggy but the veggie burger was delicious and loaded with avocado, so that coupled with the fact that there are two or three other vegetarian options bumped it up an extra star.Chicken fajita wrap: Doritos canned salsa, flour tortilla wrap, melted shredded cheese, and canned chicken. My fries were the kind of bulk bag, freezer burned kind that you get from a big box store. They were soggy and had absolutely no flavor. Barf! So gross!
My partner's chicken sandwich: pre-breaded and frozen chicken breast patty that had been microwaved. They put a slice of cheese on it first before sticking it in the microwave just to be sure it completely ran off the patty by the time it was done. So nasty.
Maybe the worst thing I've paid for in years. A complete insult to anyone with taste buds.Plenty of other options for your appetite in the airport. Skip the cheesesteak here. They use cheese wiz and it tastes awful (plus a surcharge if you want onions and peppers, which I found humorous). Lots of TVs but no availability for ESPN or Fox. No power outlets either. At least the service was friendlyDIRTY and it smells like old beer.  Bartenders have terrible attitudes and bickered with each other about shifts.  I watched a waitress carry 3 breakfasts to a table,  all 3 plates were piles on one another after the plates had been on a dirty counter. Someone is going to get sick.  I don't even think  I would have bottled beer at this place.  Whomever is the manager he/she needs a new job and profession.  Oh, flies everywhere- we are in an airport?I got the sampler appetizer, which was a mistake. The mozzarella sticks were hard and not oozing with cheese, the wings seem to be double or triple fried, they looked like emaciated beef jerkey on bones, and the chicken tenders and onion rings were ok (but how can you really mess that up, right?) overall, bleh.  I sampled the sampler and moved on.
I had the Turkey BLT, which tasted fine. I mean, it's a turkey BLT, it's not that hard.  The fries were hot and crispy, right out of the fryer, so I was definitely happy about that.
The waitress was nice, but she definitely had too many tables. It took some time for me to get my beer and then when I followed up with a soda request, I didn't get that until i was halfway done with my meal.
Overall, you're overpaying for your meal and service, but I guess that's what you come to expect since you're at the airport?This place was dirty and the food didnt  come for over 30 minutes for eggs and a bagel with cream cheese not the kind of place you can count on when you're at the airport. The bar and the floor had crumbs everywhere. Disgusting. The wait staff laughed when my grandma said we were going to miss our flight.This is inside the PHL airport at the United Terminal. 
On the plus side, the beer selection is pretty good, and the wait staff was very nice. The food here is just OK - we had the grilled chicken sandwich and fries. The sandwich is OK, maybe 3.5 stars. The fries were overcooked and dry. It is a large place, and I was amazed at all the tube TVs throughout the restaurant - not good for watching sports.Place would not be in business if they did not have captive airport customers. Have been here twice due to late sunday flights and every other place was closed (reason for 2 stars and not one) I have only gotten drinks here did not try food due to poor other reviews and the place did not seem that clean. Maybe I lost my appetite because of the smelly mop bucket that was left out about 10 feet away. Not to mention this place is extremely expensive even for an airport. Whiskey on the rocks $14+Shame on the idiot manager who managed to screen a grand total of FOUR NCAA football games plus a NASCAR event on all 30 or so screens (two of those games were blowouts, BTW) on a busy Saturday afternoon, and then refuse to switch one -yes one - of the 32 sets to an important PAC-12 game. Air travel is challenging. A little diversion would have been refreshing. Instead I boarded my plane frustrated. It's a sports bar! There are a gazillion TVs. What what so complicated about changing one channel??? Too lazy to lift the remote?This place is awful! It was bad enough that I took the time in my busy schedule to write a review. My first impression was of the cook complaining loudly about how he was on his 9th hour and over it, which should've turned me around to the Green Leaf Cafe next door. I got a subpar bloody Mary, and the lemon and lime wedges looked like they fell on the floor. They had hair and dirt on them. I ordered the ranch burger, the burger was burnt and dry, the onions weren't grilled, and there was no ranch...on the ranch burger. The fries were soggy. The waitress could care less about her job. She checked in as she walked by so you didn't have a second to answer. She spent the entire time inappropriately socializing with the rest of the staff. I don't write reviews often, I'm pretty easy to please but this place really ticked me off.We stopped here on the way to a flight. We each had an overpriced drink, watered down long island iced tea and a Bloody Mary, which was good but bland. There were a number of choices for the Bloody Mary's, which I tend to enjoy.  $13 each??  OK...I was still hanging in there. 
This is where things went downhill fast. We ordered a Philly cheese steak and a salad to go for the flight.  So far, so good. While we waited, we ordered two shots, and I asked for low-end cheap vodka. She brought pinnacle vodka, and it was gross, but I asked for the cheapest. Then the bill came, and it was $90!!! For 2 drinks, 2 gross shots, a sandwich, and a salad.  Are you kidding? The shots had been $10 each, more than a bottle of pinnacle vodka! We were shocked. 
Unfortunately, that wasn't the worst disappointment. We got on the plane, and I opened my salad.  It was full of moldy greens! I picked out about half of the lettuce, since it was the only thing I had to eat for the six hour flight, but it was the worst salad I ever got in a restaurant. If I had still been in the airport, I would have gotten a full refund. Disgusting.holy mole this was bad!  Philly cheese steak with no flavor and dry.  Terrible!This was possibly the worst food and service I've experienced in a long time. Do yourself a big favor and don't EVER eat here. Honestly, I would've been happier at the McDonald's down the terminal!It's an airport bar, so it's what you'd expect. It was decent but nothing great food for twice what it should be. I was hoping to relive my Philly cheesesteak magic, but no dice with the buffalo chicken cheesesteak (I guess that should have been my first clue.) The blue cheese on the side tasted like ranch with some blue cheese chunks thrown in. The fries were a nice texture, but fairly flavorless. 
There was a good beer list and the service was very prompt. If I were back at the airport on a long layover I might go back but I'd maybe stick to the appetizers.We gave it a 3 only because we were hungry and we found a table right away. The food was ok, nothing to get excited about. By beer came in a warm glass, I wasn't thrilled about that. Our server was on the spot and had our food out and bill to us as fast as we needed. We will only be back if we have toIf you want to be ignored and get what you didn't order, then by all means this is the place. We were seated at 1:30 pm ( not very busy at all) waitress came by at 2:05 pm for our drink order. I ordered a 22 ounce bass ale and it came in a pint glass! I may not be very smart but I know my beer glasses! Do yourself a favor and do not even bother coming here!I eat at this spot when I travel. Yesterday I had a horrible experience. The place was empty and I wanted to sit in a specific area due to my handicap and a better view of the TV's they have. I was told by a waitress I can not sit in those seats they are reserved for families or larger groups. I explained why I needed to. I went to find the manager and ask to be seated there. This tall African American waitress who was by the way for like a half hour playing around with a close male friend started to get in my face and curse at me and opens a loud mouth in front of everyone.
It was so bad I actually called the police.
I was informed that they were going to send her home for the day. They gave me an apology and that was it.
I did stay and eat. Food was good but guess what they never sent her home. She was seen waiting on other tables.Stopped in for a bite to eat while on a layover in Philadelphia. The waitress was very nice. The food was mediocre at best. French fries were undercooked and soggy. The buffalo chicken philly was skimpy although had a decent flavor. The burger was overcooked and just average at best. The sweet chili boneless wings had next to no sweet chili sauce on them almost making them plain, naked boneless wings. A plus was that the draft beer was cold. Sorry, but not impressed with this place at all, and would not return or recommend. Definitely below average. 2 stars for cold beer and pleasant waitress.First one must know that there are several Jet Rock and Roll Bar and Grill in the PHL airport. This review is for the one on the "B" terminal near gate B8. Jet Rock and Roll has a good selection of international beers as well as local beers. The selection of food is much better than most airport bars. Service was good, however, Price $$$, but this is a airport restaurant and bar. I would recommend the cheese steak egg roll.This will be my first review and I have waited almost 3 week before writing this.   Thought I would get over the rude service I received at the airport.in Terminal B.    It was Oct 7th 2011 @3:24pm .   The service people at the register were short and unpleasant.   Only one person answered a question I had about the sandwich I was ordering The automated machine  for placing an order was not working and that was probably the big problem for them.   They were not use to dealing with customers.   The food was just ok..   I asked one of the waiter in the restaurant part  for mustard and he slammed his hand against the wall and  got me some mustard . Wow I am glad I did not have him wait on me in the restaurant.   Will never have a sandwich at the Jet Rock Bar again.Huge beer selection.  Get the bourbon flight. Overall most reasonably priced alcohol I've ever bought at an airport.Not a bad little airport bar.  Nice atmosphere, a little expensive, but who looks at beer prices at the airport anyway?
Nice selection of craft beers.
Food was so-so, I had the Italian Sausage sandwich.  
I would suggest drinking but perhaps not eating here."Greeter" greeted me by snapping at me. If you want me to wait to be seated put up a sign. They were out of chicken wings and a beer came to almost $12. Trust me. Go somewhere else.This bar is a bit dingy, dimly lit and dirty looking. Stopped for a few beers since our gate was close by. Drafts were expensive, typical of an airport bar, but were flat and not too cold. They also didn't have Stella Artois or my second choice, Anchor Steam. Had to settle for Coors Lite. My boyfriend had a gin and tonic, very weak for the price. Not a good selection of anything.
They did have WiFi available, but I believe that is offered via the airport. Food Menu looked basic, but overpriced, Place was a but scummy, so we didn't eat here. 
Service was good however, very attentive.We arrived at the airport a bit early so we decided to enjoy a sit down meal, rather than eating at a generic food court. Jet Rock was the one table service restaurant on the concourse so here we were! 
I sensed trouble when we sat down in the empty dining room and waited quite a few minutes with no employees in sight. I went to the counter and asked if they had table service and was assured, a waiter or waitress would be over soon. Sure enough, a waitress materialized and took our drink order without a hitch. Things were looking up!
Then, I ordered Parmesan tater tots. I was informed they didn't have any tater tots but don't worry, the fries are crinkle cut so they are plenty crispy. When my sandwich and fries came, they were standard fries, soggy and under cooked. I asked the waitress if these were crinkle cut fries and then came the attitude complete with well-rehearsed eye-rolling and a huge sigh. "Oh. Did you want a new set of fries then?" I was like, "Yea, I do."
Well, the crinkle cut fries sucked also when they were delivered by the clearly exasperated waitress. I mean, I'm not expecting Michelin star service here but I didn't need the whole attitude production.
I ate half my sucky sandwich that came bone dry, without any condiments, and we left.
At least the drink had alcohol in it!On this side of the airport, there isn't much by way of food offerings.  If you want even a burger king you'll have to make your way to another terminal.  So that was really the only reason why i was here.  I can't say that i was expecting much, so in that sense i wasn't disappointed.
I ordered a burger with ranch dressing.  The burger came out lukewarm and the fries were cold (like they were sitting for a while and then got a little hard).  Not really a great burger by any standard.  it's sandwiched with two dinner rolls (untoasted of course, like they grabbed them out of the bag).  
one good thing about this place is they have a decent selection of beers, so if you're just stopping by for drinks, it's not a bad choice (though i did not pay attention to the prices).
For a restaurant at an airport i would have thought that service would have been speedy (you know, on account of flights and all).  But service was just okay (even though there really weren't that many diners when i went), so if you're in a rush you might want to make a note of that to your server!
In sum, don't expect much and you won't be disappointed!Airport food. What can I say. I had the grilled chicken. There was nothing spectacular about it in my opinion. In fact the server was extreme slow with the check and that is a serious problem when trying to catch a flight.Very friendly and efficient service.  Even though they were pretty busy the food came out quick and was quite tasty.Soooo slow and employees arguing in front of guests. Chef put the ticket on the steak meat!If u go for Philly cheese steak, get w/ real cheese (is CheezeWiz EVER an option??), and ask for a toasted roll otherwise it may be 1/2 frozen... Airports are always pricey, but $10.50 for a grinder + $10.80 for a single Sailor Jerry & club soda-- OUCH!You know what? It was about what I expected.  
Not a mind blowing five star experience, but solid for an airport meal. 
I ordered a Cobb salad, fries and a cider. 
Everything came out quickly.
The greens in my salad were fresh, as were all of the other ingredients. 
French fries were crisp and hot. 
The cider, gave me a perfect refreshing buzz and I was on my way.
Additionally the server was attentive (not obnoxiously so...), and on point.
There are other options on this terminal and obviously if you want to hike across the airport there are even more- but if you're into being in the here and now, you can't go wrong here. 
Cheers!This place is the biggest joke.. Horrible service and overpriced discussing food..They couldn't even give me a clean water..There was stuff floating in it.  If your in the airport just find something else trust me!Ok the test here has to be the Philly cheese steak.. Kinda goes without saying.
Unfortunately their Philly is boring and rather tasteless.  Would be ok if this was somewhere in the middle of nowhere, but not for Philadelphia.
Basically equivalent of steakum frozen meat splashed with water containing a few spices at the very end.Beer selection is good. Food and service are an absolute disgrace, even by airport standards. Philadelphia visitors, please, for the love of all that is holy, do not leave this city thinking that "this" is what a Cheesesteak is.The wait staff was great how ever I got robbed on my beer. They charged me $14.95 for  ONE 22oz dogfish head 60 min. DO NOT Buy a beer from them. Please see my pic if you do not believe me. I talked to the manager before I left. He would not adjust the price stating it was a fair market price.I had a layover here on my flight back from Europe and about an hour to spare. I had been craving a Bloody Mary forever and to my GREAT pleasant surprise the table I sat on had the Bloody Mary Specials right on it! 
I got a Wasabi one and one of the ones with Habanero! 
GOOD STUFF!!! And at 12 bux for double shot drinks i was one happy camper for my next flight. 
Their buffalo wings weren't too bad but a tad pricey. 
if you're ever at the Phillie Airport and want a good Bloody Mary this is your place!!!Awesome place to come if you have a 3 hour layover. Wait staff was prompt making sure my beer was full. Awesome draft selection. Pricey food but overall good place. Good music 80% of the time too
If I end up in the Philly airport again, I'll definitely go back here!Really can't understand any of the negative comments.   I came in at the 6pm hour on 6/26/16 and I don't know if I have ever seen a wait staff work so hard. This is an an incredibly busy place and they were killing it to please everyone in the joint. A bar keep named Michael is the maestro and he had incredible support. Just what I needed when I needed it. I hope I fly through Philadelphia more often.  Lancaster Milk Stout. Excellent.We always find ourselves in the Philadelphia airport with a layover right around a meal time. This time we decided to check out Jet Rock. Unfortunately we had ordered our food by the time I found the yelp review. Anyways we decided to go with the classic bar type foods: a philly cheesesteak, tacos and then I got some boneless wings. To be honest, the cheesesteak was actually pretty good (4 stars), tacos eh (3 stars) and the boneless wings ...terrible (1 star). I have to rant a little about the boneless wings. Without the sauce, they would be flavorless and just bread. No chicken in sight and just carbs. Don't bother. Save your money and get yourself a cheesesteak... seriously!
Not a terrible place. You just need to know what to get here. Heed my advice, no boneless chicken wings!I squeezed into the Jet Rock in Terminal F for a beer and a sandwich during my 3 hour layover and regretted it all night.  The service is inattentive and aloof and the food is terrible.  If you want a beer they have a pretty good selection though. 
 I ordered the chips and salsa - a 16oz amstel - and the chicken cordon bleu sandwich dipper = $24 w/out tip.  All of the food was terrible.  I eat in a lot of airports and this was definitely the worst food I have ever been served.....anywhere.  The sandwich was cold round doughy flatbread with a square slice of unmelted processed swiss cheese, a cut up chicken tender, and two slices of highly processed bar shaped ham.  This came with a side of cold limp overcooked fries that were sweet for some reason??  I had time to kill which is why I ordered the salsa with my beer.  The salsa was even bad....like thin tomato sauce with some chunks of onion and tomato in it.
My regret manifested itself in the form of indigestion that I suffered with the rest of the night!
When in Terminal F at Philly get a plate from Asian Chao or some of the a la carte selections at Au Bon Pain if you are hungry.  The Jet Rock is only good for beer.Great server, fast and attentive. Got the bill and the advertised price for a salad... It was $3 more. Lettuce got expensive. I brought the discrepancy to the servers attention and she took it to the manager who REFUSED to adjust the price. Evidently, the system updated overnight but none of the menus showed the new prices nor the giant placard as you came in. Poor form, manager. You should honor the prices as listed on the menu!!I was surprised to see this place had such low reviews. My boyfriend and I frequent airports often, and found this place to be great! We both got salads (buffalo chicken and oriental chicken- loved!) and some beers. Yes, it's not cheap, but would love to find any airport restaurant that isn't expensive. Best craft beer selection I've seen for an airport bar.Went here while on a layover from NYC to Vegas and decided that I was starving after being up hours waiting for this flight. Saw that they had hot breakfast so I stopped in.
First, they had one waitress who was running around like crazy. She was nice, but really overloaded and the service was a little slow. Not a deal breaker. That was saved for the food.
Ordered the skillet that came with home fries, two eggs, onions and cheese. I don't eat meat so I asked for a substitute of mushrooms. 
First, when you get it, you realize you are about to eat the fattest food ever. The eggs are laid on top of this cheesy mess that looks like a train wreck. Avoid this if possible.
The home fries were way salty, but crispy. The mushrooms were the limp, out-of-the-jar variety and the onions weren't cooked. I asked for over hard eggs, but they brought over easy. The cheese that was covering this mess was the thing that broke me. I took a few bites of this in some tortillas (which were surprisingly good) and gave up. 
Don't eat here, I can't imagine it's at all good for your heart. Blech.29 craft beers, 9 domestics, wine, signature bloodys and cocktails, appeys, sandwiches (to include dippers and wraps), burgers salads and that cheesesteak you may have missed while visiting.  Plus 20 tvs with a plethora of viewing choices. Includes a huge eating area with windows everywhere.  And the staff is attentive.  Quite an enjoyable visit for my 4 hour lay over to home.  Located in D terminal.Our gate was right next to this place so we tried it for lunch.  The food was alright, nothing spectacular.  The beer selection was pretty deep.  Tons to choose from on the tap.  
The wait staff was pretty substandard.  They seemed more into talking with each other rather than doing there jobs.  We were right next to the register so we got to hear all the goods and gossip about the other customers and wait staff.  
Anyways, it's probably better if you just go to drink and don't mind waiting.  If you are looking for food, it would be better to go elsewhere.Food was OK. Coffee is not good and the service is too slow for an airport restaurant.Had to sit here for six hours before I found out my flight had been canceled. I sat at the bar and got so-so service. Wine selection was limited. Hey! It's just a place to kill time.Horrendously bad food. I had a hamburger which without a doubt has to be the worst hamburger I've ever had in a restaurant ever. Worst ever. Period. Tasted like an overcooked rubber sponge that I cleaned my shower with. In reality it was some horrible microwaved bagged burger with a flavorless bun and tiny portion of tasteless fries. The beer menu was redeeming, but I felt miserable and regretful when I spent over $40 on the worst burger ever and 3 beers. Bad. Very, very bad.645 am got a muffin and water. Service was pleasant but was told 5$. Handed me back my change 2 fives waded up . Called him out on it. Gave me change out of his pocket kind of sketchy.Another solid three star review from me!
For an airport restaurant this place surpassed my expectations! Great atmosphere - reasonable and reasonable gets for pricing - clean - plenty of selection and decent service. 
This is certainly a good place to spend some time waiting for a flight and the food and drink it not too bad either!I wish I would have read the reviews before I came and ate here. This place was a major disappointment. The flight of beer I got was okay however, the burger tastes like sawdust with its preform Patty. The bun was hard and chewy period I didn't even finish my lunch . Just payed for my food and walked out. Don't waste your time with this place. It's way too crowded. The waitress asked how I liked the food, I told her I didn't like it. She was still happy to take my money though.Overrated and overpriced. I got a wrap paid $9 and thought it would be a whole wrap and it was only a 1/2 of wrap. I was upset because it was beyond spicy! Don't waste your money here!Bartender service is questionable.   But i heard from frequent travelers management does not really give a shit.  And staff does what they want.   I was wondering why there were ALOTof seat at the bar of a crowded terminal.   Hmmmm red flagSpinach salad was amazing, service friendly and prompt!Food was ok,Service is horrible.20 minutes for server. another 30 minutes for food.missed flight! Would not recommend unless you have two hours to kill..all the around me extremely disappointedWhat a disaster! We had very little time to make our connecting flight so we went to the place closest to the gate hoping that we could get in and out quickly. 
We ordered the Philly Cheese Steak, hoping for the best and asking the waitress if we could be out in 15-20 minutes. She said that wouldn't be a problem. We did ask for onion rings in place of French fries, again, no problem but with an up charge of $2.50. A bit steep considering that the Cheese Steak was $11.00!!! But, time was short so we went for it.
The good news.... The Cheese Steak came out quickly.
The bad news.... Where do I start? 
1) It was the skimpiest steak sandwich we had ever seen - no hyperbole in use! Maybe a 1/8 lb. of meat and a dollop of cheese-like yellow stuff on top. I wouldn't insult Cheez Wiz saying that's what it was, but maybe it was. 
2) Remember the $2.50 up charge for the onion rings? Well, we got semi-warm French fries. By the time we tracked down our server it was way too late to get the rings!
Complained briefly to the manager while running out to catch our plane. She did give us two bottles of water to try to make it right. Appreciated that, but it wasn't enough.
Don't go here or at least don't order the Philly Cheese Steak! I should've known better!This place lured us in at the airport, appearing to be a sort of gastropub where we could obtain reasonable food and drinks.  You know that saying about not judging a book by its cover?  Yeah....
One of the first problems that is pretty common with places like this is that you can just walk in and sit down which usually means your service is going to be crap.  We had to retrieve our own menus, and then after seeing staff who were clearly not waiting our area pass by over and over, we flagged someone down and asked them if we could order.
I ordered the chicken fingers and my bf ordered a wrap.  The chicken fingers were pretty standard.  Crispy, and fried, what more can you really ask for.  My bf was extremely displeased with his wrap and I sampled it just to see what he was talking about and it was honestly gross.  There is no way it was prepared fresh.  I've had better wraps at gas stations where they sit in the fridge for days.  The wrap was soggy and the turkey inside had no taste at all.  The lettuce was soft and wilted and the whole wrap was just inedible.
It also took forever to get our food and check, which is never what you want when you're at an airport on a tight schedule.  Next time I'll just grab some food from Joe's down the hallway...I know it's an airport where you expect to be overcharged for lame food but this place takes that to a new level. Caprese salad was passable but did not include fresh basil even though that ingredient was touted in the menu. The chicken tenders, for 10 bucks, were more like something you would get on McDonald's dollar menu. But the greatest affront was this: if you want fried onions on your $13 cheesesteak, that will be an extra 75 cents.  If you are cruising the B concourse for a place to eat, it is best you just cruise right past this place.D Terminal at Philly airport....and AMAZING draft beer selection.  If you're in the area and killing time between flights....I highly recommend you drop by and try it :)Beer was reasonably priced for an airport. Appetizer sampler-super disappointing. Watched all the decent sized portions walk by and for $15 we expected something similar. Tiny. Would've rather had fast food. Nice service though.Very average and over-priced.
I would not come back here...but Green Leaf is right across from them, and their food looks delicious.
Edit: Sick 30 minutes after eating here.WARNING!!! DO NOT ORDER THE WINGS! 
The service was very slow, and it was difficult to find our waitress. We had to flag down another waitress to help us. 
Stay away from the wings. My husband ordered them, at first sight, everything was fine. As he bit into his third wing, it was RAW!  He instantly spit it out.  We did finally flag down a waitress who was as grossed out as we were. She instantly took care of the issue and we were comped our entire meal.Term B: Didn't eat here, but did stop in for a beer while on a layover. Great mellow rock. Bartender was helpful- she replied to "what do you have that's hoppy" with two good suggestions instead of "huh". Tall beer was a little steep for a place that is supposed to abide by non-airport pricing. Good beer selection for those looking for one.I ordered a bagel sandwich and nearly missed my flight waiting for the cooks to make it. I counted four people at the grill but it appeared one was doing all the work. There were only three to-go orders (unknown how many we getting table service) but all three of us waited well over 25 mins for orders. I eventually gave up so I didn't miss my flight which was in the process of boarding. Be forewarned, they are slow to process orders. I can only imagine what it must be like on a really busy day. Not a good experience. I lost $12 and  left with an empty stomach.It's very unusual to find a well-stocked tap room at an airport terminal. Jet Rock advertises 20 or maybe 25 beers on tap, most from nice craft breweries all over the United States.
Another nice thing that jet rock does is that they have beer flights. It's not cheap, but what the heck, you're at the airport, and a flight for 4 ounce pours is about 14 bucks with tax. 
I ordered a flight of four hoppy beers: Great Lakes Burning River PA and a Commodore Perry IPA, a Fatheads Daydream Session IPA, and a Thirsty Dog Citra IPA.
I didn't try any of the food, but it seemed like a number of people around me were enjoying Philadelphia cheesesteaks, complete with cheese whiz, but there's no way they could be as good as Pat's!
The service is a little slow, and the people behind the counter don't seem to pay too much attention to the patrons at the bar, but perhaps that's just the time of day and the fact that there's a lot of people in the bar.
However, the poor service and a little bit of a lack of cleanliness at the bar makes me have to reduce my rating from 4, which for an airport restaurant is pretty darn good, to a 3, because they could be more attentive and the place could be a little bit cleaner.
Tip to the restaurant manager: since your beer availability is not always what's on your printed list of beers, perhaps you could take one of your many TV monitors and turn it into a live beer list. That way, when people walk up and they're looking at the beer list, they know really what you have now and what's available now. And when people behind the bar run out of a given beer, they can quickly change the list and everyone will know that that beer is no longer available.
Nonetheless, the next time I'm at Philadelphia's airport and in the B terminal I will be sure to stop by Jet Rock.Burgers are solid, plenty of TVs and bar seats with large window views of the tarmac. A nice refuge in the Philly airport before a flight. They have some awesome beers on tap, such as the Mango Habanero. The bartender was extremely helpful in recommending a beer from the High Water Brewing company in Chico, CA. Overall, great variety of beers and relaxed setting that doesn't feel like you're at the airport.This place is terrible. Even for airport food. French fries are raw and Order was incorrect. Food on plane would have been betterHad the original Philly cheese steak. It was fast and server was quick. Quality for airport food it was ok.Really can't understand any of the negative comments.   I don't know if I have ever seen a wait staff work so hard. This is an an incredibly busy place and they were killing it to please everyone in the joint. A bar keep named Michael is the maestro and he had incredible support. Just what I needed when I needed it. I hope I fly through Philadelphia more often.I don't care what anyone has downgraded about this place. I came in, along with a lot of other stranded passengers, right before closing. The staff has kind and accommodating. They let us recharge phones and have a drink while they went through their closing procedures. Big shout out to Justin, the bartender. It is good to have kindness when everyone is disappointed with the situation.Did take out. Salad was huge and fresh and service was super quick! I got the house salad, which was a fresh mix of spring mix and romaine as well as onions, cucumber, tomato, and carrots. 
By gate d14