Pretty small cafe with a narrow aisle. The tables are a little too cramped compared to your average coffee shop. However, the empanadas and sweet treats are great; perfect for a quick bite between meals. I recommend getting the Beef empanadas!I am a huge fan of this place.  I was so excited to see the transformation of the corner (vacant for too long) bar on the corner.  So excited to see what would pop up - and have not been disappointed.  It is a lovely cafe, with good food, the owner knows EVERYONE in the neighborhood and it's really a wonderful spot to pop in for lunch, a lemonade (fresh made) or an ice cream.  It's small - but cozy and it's exactly what we need on the block!I am from Argentina and was delighted to find a taste from home.  I was disappointed to read other reviews criticizing the size of the medialunas (croissants), which are the exact size texture and taste as they are in Argentina- and the alfajores.  Someone wrote that the cookie part of the maicena cookie was "dry," that's the way it's meant to be like a scone or biscotti.  The point is to eat them with tea or coffee which helps bring out the taste of the dulce de leche in the middle.  Don't miss the empanadas (also the size and taste as those you would find in Bs. As.).It's great to find a cafe that both makes really good coffee--AND has its own personality, with empanadas, and special desserts and so on.  It's not overwhelmed with laptop-staring Pennsters, which is a plus. Sometimes, in fact, it may have book-reading Pennsters, which is commendable, ha.
The location just off the park is a bonus, as are the tables outside in nice weather. Their service is great and friendly, and since it's a small place, sometimes there can be a wait--but contrary to some of the more self-centered Yelpers--that shouldn't be a problem when you're in a nice corner cafe.
Prices are great for handmade food, certainly cheaper than Starbucks or other prefab coffee chains.
I come here as often as I can, and am never disappointed. I love bringing people who live not far away, who say, "Wow, when did this open?"I pass this place almost every day and despite the friendly chalkboard, it's a little bit hard to see what's inside.
Finally came here with 8 friends after a cold and windy bike ride. Incredible pastries and empanadas. Delicious coffee. Warm and friendly service -- the cafe wasn't too full at the time but they handled the chaos of a large group very well. Will definitely be back!Great seating to hang outside in the morning on a pretty day. They have a small menu but the the pastries and sandwiches are all made fresh and to your requests. Place is Argentinian themed, and those who have been will feel like they are back in Buenos Aires. They serve up La colombe  coffee like most places do nothing special there but it's a great spot next to the park that does it's job well. It's been here since 2010 and still is clean and friendly and I suspect will be here for many years to come.The place is small but homely, as if you were visiting a friend for some homemade delicacies. Behind a narrow glass counter there's a small selection of empanadas, quiches, and sweets. We tried all three empanadas: ham and cheese, spinach and mushroom, as well as the beef. They were all ok. The dough was too tough, perhaps because it was the end of the day and these were reheated, but nevertheless. The beef empanada had the most flavor, the other ones were quite bland and in need of seasoning.The prosciutto crudo sandwich was  simply perfect, with a heap of ham and a tasty salad on the side.  The brownie I bought was so-so, but because I concluded it was actually cake (light and leavened). They displayed a delicious looking corn quiche on the counter. By-and-by I'm bound to be back to buy it.
They were sold out of soup when I went, but so what: it's a petit place and they were close to closing.  In response to reviewers whining about what wasn't: maybe McDonald's would have you happier?Sustainable. Enjoyable. Repeatable. Pleasent staffers, fair prices, cozy atmosphere and fresh food well presented. We're not from the immediate area- but willl be back anyhow.I come here after my runs and indulge in their baked goods. Amazing croissants, probably the best I've had since I moved down to Philly. The second time I went, they had Argentinian croissant, which were smaller and dryer croissants and had caramel inside. So good. Yesterday, they didn't have croissants so I settled for a blueberry scone, also amazing.
I think they do light lunches as well, but I haven't had it so can't comment. I'll probably continue my tradition Gavin's baked goods following my runs. #motivationThis is a very nice place. Great food and cafe. I had empanadas, quiche and desert and everything was amazing. The orange juice is fresh and you would try it!! The owner is very friendly. I defiantly recommend this place!Have been here a few times and all were solid experiences. Espresso was spot on. The cookies with dulce de leche (don't remember the name) that are homemade are delicious. Frozen lemonade was a nice treat. The beef empanada lunch special with a side salad were delicious as was the homemade salad dressing. I am not sure why people say the owner was rude....she could not have been nicer. I have carried on a lengthy conversation with her each time I was in. She appears passionate about her cafe and the quality of her offeringsHey have you ever ducked into a place for the first time and there's no other customer in front of you at the counter where you order and the lady working there expects you to know what you want right away and looks a little annoyed when you need to look at the menu and check out the cases containing the food.  That was Gavin's.  When I asked a couple of questions about a couple of Argentinian items I saw on the menu and didn't know what they were, she seemed annoyed to have to answer.  I have no idea why - I just walked in on a nice sunny afternoon with almost no one else in the entire cafe.  Anyway, she said they were out of the Argentinian pastries that I wanted to try so I got an empanada - it was decent but not earth-shattering - and a soup which was totally ordinary and not worth it.  But food aside what I'll most def remember is walking into a place for the first time...eager to try it out and being met within seconds by a bad attitude.delicious and so cozy. if only they weren't alwayssss running out of the medialunas :(Stopped here on the Segway tour of Philly--touristy, I know, but the operator of the tour company seems to have a relationship with them. 
The bar is amazing--such a cool integration of the former life of the space. The coffee was good, and my friend and I split a pastry, which was quite tasty.
The bathroom might just be the single-smallest bathroom I have ever used indoors, however.Just had a very good salad with tuna, greens and a nice vinaigrette, plus an iced latte that was well made. If the table I used had been cleaner, I would have given it 5 stars.Went here today for the first time for the empanadas - the empanadas were good. The seating is cute inside, but the service is pretty slow. Also, they were out of like half of the things we tried to order. They said the spinach empanadas would take another 20 mins to bake, which we said was ok - but they didn't come out for another 30 mins at least. I ordered an ice cream cone on my way out - smallest scoop ever - it was as if someone had scooped it with a tablespoon, all small chunks balanced on top of the cone. Very disappointing for $2.50. The ice cream itself was good but it's annoying that the guys said "the ice cream is really hard right now" to not give me the full amount.Amazing neighborhood spot with great service! We love the little kids bench outside too :)Ok, just ok. Not the best cafe mocha or empanadas I've ever had. By far.  Not terrible either.  But I wouldn't make any effort to get here again.I really love that everything here is hand-made and made in-house. The owner was there dipping cookies in dulce de leche and rolling them in coconut which was fun to watch while I enjoyed my hot chocolate. 
I decided to try a few cookies that were on display. A short bread cookie with caramel and coconut. Very buttery, not overly sweet - at all. 
I tried a pastry filled with spinach, tasty, kinda lacking seasoning but the pastry itself was light and flavorful.
The hot chocolate was traditional and not sweetened. Very thick, creamy and smooth - ahem ahem ... 
The ambiance was warm and welcoming and the staff was kind. The neighborhood I love and this is a great place to do some work, have a casual lunch or coffee date or just chill while sipping on some coffee.Had a great sandwich and latte here after yoga on the river. Service was friendly and the atmosphere was relaxingStumbled into Gavin's on a lazy Saturday afternoon.... At first glance, I was in love.  The place LOOKED adorable but it was completely empty...as in...no customers OR servers.  It felt like a ghost town and took a few minutes for someone to seemingly materialize out of no where and finally take my order.  I think the concept is wonderful and has great potential, but this place is missing the IT factor.  
I really wanted to try an empanada, but on this muggy hot day, the empanadas were piled onto a huge uncovered platter and exposed to a few lazy flies... so I had to pass.
Maybe in a small town Gavin's would be the shiz, but it has stiff competition in Philly.I love Gavin's for its location, its interior design, and its menu. I haven't sampled much yet, but I've been very pleased with what I have had--a muffin, a chai latte, and breakfast tea. (The muffin was especially outstanding.) The owner even knows the names of her regular customers.Really cute little shop with only a few specials (empanadas, quiche, sandwiches, and dessert items). We had the beef empanada, spinach and mushroom empanada, and a corn quiche. The empanadas were baked fresh and quite tasty, though I felt the crust was a bit too thick. I preferred the beef -- much more flavorful! The quiche was sweet and relatively light, especially when paired with the house salad. 
All in all, quaint location and solid food. I will probably be back again.I finally got to eat at Gavin's Cafe after running past it one summer day. My best friend was born in Argentina so I could not wait to check it out. The spinach Empanadas were delightful. I also tried some of Ruthie's veggie sandwich and the salad. Everything was very fresh and tasty. I look forward to going back to sample their medialunas with dulce de leche!continue to LOVE this place - and SO happy that she changed the name, we always called it "Jezabel's" anyway, ha ha.  My kids and I love it  -and the owner knows everyone in the neighborhood and it's kid/dog friendly!!My family is from Argentina and we came here for the empanadas. The empanadas were bland and not something I would want to eat again. The owner was also at this shop while we were eating, we tried to give her some suggestions and she ignored us and seemed unapproachable. However the media luna's were good. I would not come again.Gavin's is immaculate and the coffee is great.  The muffins are nothing to write home about, but try the pasta frola (an Argentinean quince tart, baked by the Argentinean co-owner).  I hope more Argentinean specialties are added to the menu!The bar at 26th and Pine had closed and gone dark. The old "Ladies Entrance" sign was finally consigned to storage. The lights came back on -can it be--four years ago now? Jezabel brought Gavin's Café (the name refers to a neighbor family who had links to the old establishment) to life with a gorgeous renovation. So my feelings for Gavin's start with gratitude for the transformation. The old bar is still there, magnificent with its original maker's plaque still on it. But now the light-filled, rejuvenated room welcomes all comers. The icy mint lemonade is a signature treat. You can order ice cream at the side window. I love the Argentine specialties--empanandas and maecenitas. Salads and sandwiches, assembled while you wait, are superb. Try the quiche! I enjoy how Jezabel keeps up with the latest technology, too. So the cafe has a lively online presence and I can keep track of doings there with Facebook, and even a Youtube videoFinally a cafe that is charming! This is one of few cafes in Philadelphia that I've walked into and felt the owners really invested time and care into the presentation of their space and product. It's a beautiful cafe with great service and fresh options. Love it!My 1 year old and I came here on an overcast Friday so the place had only 1 other patron. We ordered the ham and cheese empanadas along with the apple cake. The empanadas were not what I was used to-more like tasty french croissant than a crunchy empanadas we are used to but so delicious. The apple cake was light and flavorful. The staff was so accommodating too, providing me a phone charger when my phone died and waiting to bring dessert until after my 1 year old ate lunch. If you want further proof, see my photo attached.The beef empanadas are the only thing they have going for them. I lived in Argentina for a number of years. The medialunas are not good at all. And they didn't have any chimichurri sauce. I wish they had choripan and empanadas Arabes.After reading some lukewarm reviews, I was not expecting much when I tried Jezabel's Cafe for the first time. But I was very pleasantly surprised! Not only was the beef empanada very flavorful but so was the medialuna. The empanada was one of the best I've ever had - truly.all i can say is "yum".  clean, healthy food in a delightful atmosphere.  very peaceful.  love the antique dishes and the great staff.  felt that i was transported back in time.  highly recommend it.  :)The only thing wrong with Gavin's Cafe is that it isn't closer to my house.  I went on a beautiful fall morning and had a perfect cup of coffee with one spinach and one ham and cheese empanada.  The sunny interior is a gem, with the old oak bar from its former incarnation lovingly restored.  It's hard to imagine that such a serene spot was once probably filled with noise and smoke, but if the space had to sit empty for 20 years before Chef Careaga found and transformed it, we've all won.  I left with a half dozen empanadas to share for lunch, a copy of the menu, and the firm intention of returning very, very soon.Went here a couple of months ago with a friend. They ordered salad and I had empanadas. Both were subpar.
The empanadas are TINY and are sitting out in the front with a couple of flies. Probably my fault for ordering them. They came a little cold and were dry; They charge almost $3 for something worth no more than $1.50; When I taste empanadas I expect something warm, packed with deliciousness in a tasty dough but I was very let down. 
The "chef's special side salad" is essentially just mixed greens. The greens had very little taste, as if they had been frozen or stored for a long time.
My friend's tuna salad was big. Nothing special at all, probably something I could have made at home for less. 
The restaurant seemed dirty and desolate. The owner and employees did not seem too happy to be alive. 
However the space/bar are beautiful. It would be better if it was cleaner, friendlier and cheaper.
Don't think we'll be back.I've been excited for Gavin's to open ever since I saw the new coat of paint on the outside of that old building.  I am ecstatic that there is a little spot to get a bite to eat and great beverages in this area.  The only downfall is that they are cash only.  With the higher prices of the sandwiches and salads, it could get a little tough to have enough cash on-hand.  
The frozen mint lemonade is extremely refreshing, and the staff are very friendly.  I will be watching this little place hopefully blossom into a Fitler Square / Schuykill Park Staplehave only tried the ice cream - it's good, but not entirely sure how fresh it is.  cute place, will try the coffee and empanadas on another occasion.  customer service is efficient but not very friendly.On a quiet corner in Fitler Square, this intimate cafe turns out Argentine treats to neighbors and visitors alike. The La Colombe coffee is always hot, the staff always friendly, and the empanadas hot and fresh. I like the lunch special (two empanadas and a salad) as a late lunch after a busy morning and usually grab two more empanadas for a happy hour snack. 
Looking to meet a friend for lunch or coffeee? Consider Jezebel's. Fair warning - it's a tight squeeze for those big strollers.I took a nice walk along the Schukyll Trail and by a dog park to get here. It's in a nice neighborhood. Jezabel works in the small kitchen and seems familiar with most of the customers who came in. 
I wasn't able to get the facturas so I settled for the medialunas and a cafe con leche. I'm not sure if it was because I was in sports attire, but the cashier asked if I wanted water as well and gave me a wine bottle full of water and a cup. The coffee was good. I wish I asked them to toast my medialunas; nonetheless, they went well with the coffee! I will be back for more.
The place is a bit small. But table turnover is fairly quick. I was in and out in 20 minutes, but I was also savoring the atmosphere. There is a park very close by that would be perfect for to go orders if the cafe is full.Attended a private event at Gavin's this weekend. Amazing empanadas, great catering, perfect for a 20-30 person party. Now I just need an excuse to throw a party...
***
Now that I am finally logging in to release this review, I must say that I eat breakfast/lunch at Gavin's at least a few times per week now. I am hooked on Jezebel's homemade empanadas (my favorite is the spinach) and tarta's (quiche - my favorite is the tomato basil). Fantastic food, every time.This cute little restaurant is right next to the park and convenient to the river walk. I've passed it many times before and looked forward to eating there. Unfortunately, the empanadas were dry and bland. I have had empanadas in Buenos Aires and the surrounding area. Other than in appearance, these were nothing like them and a huge disappointment. I got then to go and, after one bite of each, they met the first garbage can I could find. 
Sad to say, I will not be returning.This small cafe serves up light Argentinian fare. It's really pretty inside and has nice outdoor seating. The atmosphere is very mellow and casual. The staff is very nice.  
For me, the food is just okay. The empanadas are small and seem a bit doughy and overpriced.  Good coffee and salads. I'm not crazy about the alfajores (small caramel pastry), but perhaps that is just my taste.
The bathroom is ridiculously small. You can barely move in there, if you manage to get in at all.Was really excited to hear about an "authentic" Argentine cafe in Philly. I went out of my way to that neighborhood and couldn't have been more disappointed. I ordered the veggie sandwich and was handed some dry bread, fresh-ish mozzarella and avocado. No chimichurri on my or my partner's sandwiches, which is one of the things I personally went there for. I asked about it and was told "sometimes the boss just doesn't feel like making it." The Mate came in a teabag similar to (but worse) than what can be found at a Trader Joes or Whole Foods. I was really expecting some top-notch loose leaf Mate from an Argentine cafe but was completely disappointed. The alfajores were nothing special and didn't seem fresh at all.  The people at the counter weren't particularly friendly and bordered on flat-out rude. I won't be returning, clearly.Such a cute place I am so happy that the once falling-apart bar became this jem. I have been here a few times for lunch. The service is quite slow if you are sitting there for your meal. The quiche is not so great.  (But that aside, Jezebel makes this food by hand which I value highly. Usually it is her and one other person serving and cooking so give them a break.) 
If you take away only one thing from this please know: 
THE COOKIES SANDWICHED WITH DULCHE DI LECHE AND ROLLED IN COCONUT ARE THE REASON I KEEP COMING BACK!!Went there for an afternoon snack on a rainy Sunday. It wasn't crowded and the place itself is very attractive, and they played great music (REM, Joy Division, etc...). It was quiet and the wait staff very friendly. We got empanadas, zucchini and leek quiche, coffee and a blueberry scone. The food was clearly homemade and fresh but it was very bland. I really liked this place and will probably go again to try something else. I wanted to give it a better rating, but quiche was just tasteless, we had to add salt to that and the empanadas and the scone really had no flavor either. The only hit was the coffee.I finally got the chance to stop in here on an insanely hot day after playing some tennis across the street.  The frozen mint lemonade is amazing, definitely get it.  It was super fresh, and not too sweet or sour.  It was too early for empanadas, so I had the ham and cheese croissant.  I guess there wasn't really anything special about it, but the ingredients were fresh, and I thought the ham was really high quality.  Have to go back to try the empanadas.SO this has been one of my favorite places in the city since I first found out 2 years ago, The building is just adorable, an old Irish pub from 1801. The neighborhood feel, outdoor seats, always avail newspaper, warm staff, and amazing owner are perfection. Super kid friendly and dog friendly. Now for the food--awesome! I love the empanadas, love the salads, sandwiches, quiche, coffee is la columbe so great & ice cream is yummy too. I have not really had a lot of their pastries but folks rave about them. It is such a great spot to dine alone, have a quiet meeting go for brunch, whatever it is byob so that is cool too! Additionally, they are so nice to the community and very involved so I think it is nice to support such places.Stopped by Jezabel's when I passed it by chance on my walk home, and really glad that I did! It's a really cute cafe that sells empanadas, cakes, muffins, and various drinks (other things too I imagine, I was just browsing the display case since I wanted a snack). The inside is a bit small, but the space is bright and seems like it would be a great place to sit and read or do a bit of work. 
I had the beef empanada which was quite good but not incredible. I was recommended the ham and cheese so maybe next time I'll try that, or a cake. Will definitely be back on another sunny weekend morning/afternoon!I was excited when I saw action stirring in the wondow of the little corner property that sat vacant for ages at the corner of 26th and Pine. Nestled brilliantly on the edge of the park that is home to a playground, tennis and b-ball courts, a dog park, community gardens, and a baseball field on the side, it was meant for success. Unfortunately, it isn't the homey neighborhood haunt that I was hoping it might become. 
         The concept of quality products (One Village coffee, Baker Street bread, and Boar's Head deli meats) and a dedication to purity (beans roasted, delivered and ground within days) isn't enough to keep me as a customer. The decor is beautifully done - but I didn't feel comfortable there. 
        For a spot where there are a lot of kids and dog people, and high foot traffic not only from foot commuters AND the future prospect of the pedestrian bridge that will be there in a couple years, the idea of $10 sandwiches and salads seems ludicrous to me. If I want a cup of coffee, and possibly something for lunch, and I spot a "cafe", I'm not really expecting a $15 tab when all is said and done - I don't care HOW good the quality is. I had wanted this to be a laid back, fun, happy hangout - but instead it was made into a gourmet stop who would rival regular restaurants in cost. 
           Will I get coffee there sometimes? Sure. It's convenient to my home and One Village coffee is good stuff. But a $9-$10 sandwich? Or salad? No. And as far as vegetarian-friendly? The farthest Gavin's goes is a cheese plate and a couple selections that include goat cheese. Which is all well and good, but with the focus on "Boar's Head", it's clear that veg-heads won't be hanging around. 
        Ho hum. I walked in hopeful and more than impressed with the space, where they had restored the original bar that existed and a beautiful floor with lovely hanging light fixtures. But I would have done things differently. And many of my business-minded pals had mouth watering ideas for the spot, too - So we shall see what the future holds for this business. By default, based on location alone, she (the owner) is bound to make bank. But not on my dime. Because really, I don't have that many to spare.Located on a quiet street, Jezabel is a lovely, quaint little neighborhood cafe serving up homemade Argentinian snacks.
We stopped by for a small mid afternoon snack. Their kitchen had just closed, so we chose one of each empanada: beef, spinach-mushroom, and sweet corn. The fillings were rather simple but tasty, encased in slightly sweet pastry dough. We also split a frozen mint lemonade, which was super minty and refreshing. 
Next time I'm in the area, I'd love to stop by and try out their breakfast or lunch options.I would give this place 3.5 stars.
My boyfriend and I came here for breakfast late one Sunday morning. We both ordered the breakfast sandwich specials which come with coffee. He had the egg, spinach, and cheese bagel, and I had the egg, tomato, and cheese bagel. The staff member gave us our coffees and said they would bring us our food shortly. Unfortunately, there are only a few tables both indoors and outdoors and it was busy, so we had to wait while standing with our coffees for a little while before a table opened up. Thankfully, we got a table outside, and our food came out soon after. The breakfast sandwiches were pretty good. My only complaint is that they came out lukewarm, almost on the cold side. They would have been better served hot. The meal for both of us around $12, and we had a really nice time sitting outside. I will definitely be back!Love stopping here for empanadas after taking my dog to the dog park.  This place has so much charm and is really a great neighborhood spot.  Can't wait to try some of their specials.Very cozy. I liked it. Good food, good coffee. I had a Aves con Queso--they make their own bread--and a huge cappuccino. A bit pricey though.Relax. Meander. Find your way here. Start with the empanadas. Hecho a mano. Try one of each. Hacer in pausa. Have yourself a cafe con leche. Indulge yourself in a maicenita. Never had one? No matter. Once you've partaken, take a sip of that cafe. You will understand. You, the Universe, all will be the better for it...if only for these precious moments. Exigencies must be sated. As you depart, thank Jezabel for her vision in revitalizing this outpost. Take a detour through the sun-slathered pathways nearby, listening to the steady forward motion of the locomotive passing by across from the tennis courts, destination unknown. La vida es buena. Onward.I've biked and walked past this cafe a bunch of times and always wondered who frequented here. The other day after a romp in the dog park I casually wandered over to see what's up. Nothing much, is the answer.
I got an alfajor (i think): it's basically a short bread cookie with dulce de leche sandwiched in between, with coconut rolled around it. Sounds delicious and sweet right? It was okay, nothing to be super wowed about, but definitely fancier than your average baked good which was fun. Grabbed a tea and coffee and noticed how small this cafe really is. It's basically like a hallway, but because it wasn't crowded I feel like it's a good place to sit and read the newspaper and chill out. Just like it's location it's a bit fancier than other cafes I've been to. Surprised by the Spanish touches. Never would have guessed!Great little cafe in a quiet neighborhood right next to the Schuylkill river trail. The empanadas are great, and I love getting the frozen mint lemonade on a hot day. Also walking distance from Fitler Square and the south Street bridge to university city.I really enjoyed my visit. The empanadas were great as was my Latte! The staff was very friendly and I enjoyed chatting with Jezabel. They are a small shop so you may have to wait a few minutes as they prepare your order, but it is worth the wait. Glad I found this neighborhood gem : )Great drinks, but the unique and ethnic spin on baked goods is the biggest draw for me to come if I'm in the area. The empanadas are tasty, but by far the best of what I've had here have to be the alfajores, a shortbread cookie enveloping some sticky dulce de leche inside. The cookie is ultra buttery and really melts in your mouth - definitely a must try.Nice location near the park, interior is small but nicely decorated. Tablecloths are a nice touch. Good service. The food is made there, which is a plus, but the shelf life of empanadas is limited, so best to get whatever came out if the oven most recently. They also do catering.from an Argentinian -- empanadas were OK. A bit dry
alfajores de maisena were also fairly dry
the quiches were very good!!! 
servers were very friendly. cute small placeJezabel's is a great place to stop on the way to the park and trail. I was thrilled to discover they now have a vegan empanada!I have been to this place many times. The last few times the coffee was mediocre. My americano was weak. I asked for it in a 12 oz cup and they brough it in 16 oz. The service can be hot and cold. Not much room to sit inside but nice to get a cuppa and sit outside or meander into the adjacent park. The empanadas are really good and so is the quick. If you are in Fitler Square definitely one of the better or only places for coffee/breakfast.I find it amazing that this place actually looks like a confiteria you'd see in Argentina, but this is not on purpose - they kept the original pub bar and mirrors, and it's suited perfectly to the business as it is now.
Once on a very hot day, I stopped in with a friend and they were out of EVERYTHING. No lemonade of any kind, certain types of food, etc. I didn't really mind because all I wanted was something cold. The kid working behind the counter was super nice and apologetic. He blended me plain ice and water for free so I could have something cold and slushy. 
He blended my friend some ice, tea, and blueberries. I thought it tasted disgusting but my friend was pleased. 
Another time we stopped in a woman had just bought every last empanada. So that was that...
The bathroom is too tiny for ME, let alone me with a baby, even if I am wearing him. Luckily the baby's house is just down the street because I don't know what I'd do with him if I had to pee while I was there.Every time I have gone here they are out of whatever it is I order. This past Saturday this meant no bagels or beef empanadas. When bagels options occupy the first 25% of your menu, and empanadas are your claim to fame, running out of both at 9am on a Saturday was a quick way to make that visit my last. My feelings toward this spot simply put are, 'That food I didn't want wasn't bad'.Gavin's Cafe, quietly tucked among the cute townhouses of Fitler Square, is a small, cute neighborhood joint that serves light Argentinian fare along with coffee and pastries.  Upon coming here this morning for solo brunch, everything about Gavin's screamed "local neighborhood joint": the copy of the Sunday New York Times available for anyone to peruse, the patrons sipping coffee while working away on laptops or tablets, families with small children running amuck, and the sense of familiarity between the staff and the customers.  Gavin's is known for empanadas, so I opted for the lunch special (salad with two empanadas, $7.50).  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait.  No problem, I had the Times Magazine to keep me busy.
When my food arrived, it looked gorgeous.  Similar in style and price to nearby Cafe Lutecia, the salad tasted great.  The empanadas were good, but not as good as I thought they were going to be.  My beef empanada was really hot (temperature, not spice), but after the heat subsided, tasted really good.  The spinach empanada was also tasty, but just warm (not nearly as hot as the beef).  My coffee also tasted a bit off: maybe it was flavored without my knowing, but no worries.  I spent less than $10 here for a meal, and was pretty satisfied.
I was a little confused about if Gavin's is sit down or order at the bar, but I think it's order at the bar, and then they serve your table.  Also, I felt very out of place that I wasn't good friends with the owners/staff, and definitely felt like an outsider.  On the whole, the space is really pretty and a good fit for the neighborhood, but the food is just ok and I wasn't a "regular".  It's up in the air if I would come back, but it's great for getting coffee to go before venturing out to Schuylkill Banks.Great place, great food and great people!!!
I love that everything is fresh and made that same day. My husband and I go there for the Argentinian breakfast all the time.Great hole in the wall brunch spot. Not many choices but whatever is there is fresh and delicious. Definitely worth a trip after a good morning Schukyll run.The food and drinks are overpriced. The owner Jezabel is both unprofessional and unkind to her staff. After seeing her speaking rudely to her staff I was totally turned off. Go somewhere that doesn't cost so much and who is run by a better person.I came by to thaw from the cold and wanted a Chai - unfortunately, they were out, so I opted for a Hot Chocolate instead. The cocoa was a little thinner than I typically like, but the generous helping of marshmallows (an option that you should opt for) added a creamy flavor.  The staff was very friendly and the cafe was cozy - I'll be back to check out the tempting array of baked goods.Well, as a 'veg head', I happen to disagree with the previous reviewer. Perhaps South Street or Starbucks is more her style - not mine.
Gavin's Cafe, in my considered opinion, is a pleasant oasis in a rather barren neighborhood. The food offered is a good beginning - the place is not yet 2 months old!  The smart owners are doing just what ought to be done - be flexible - offer some of this - some of that - test drive unil they discover who their clientele is and what they want. Very smart. Regarding children - I've seen such a broad group of customers in - from the skateboard youngsters to older peeps like me and my friends. Salads are good with fresh ingredients. My fav is the freshly made Frozen Mint Lemonade.
Gavin's Cafe is a rather European style cafe offering a diverse menu in an upscale neighborhood. Perhaps it will become a 'neighborhood haunt' - I believe it is well on its way.
Good luck and I'll certainly be back and so will my friends.
DD@PhilaBleh. My initial enthusiasm---which was based pretty much on the local availability of empanadas---has been tempered by some lousy product. Bland, soggy, half-heated-half-cold, and no chimichurri. A lunch not worth eating. Did I say Bleh yet?
The alfajores, sadly, are sometimes overbaked to the point of burnt. Still kinda tasty, but not heavenly delectable as they should be.
Smarmy staff.When I saw "Argentinean" I was intrigued. I didn't stay long, and all I got was a coffee. With that said, the employees/owner we're very friendly, and the coffee was good, plus free refill! It's a cozy little coffee/pastry/sandwich shop that definitely has a Latin American feel to it. I'll definitely be going back soon to try more things.Gavin's Cafe is a pleasant neighborhood cafe. I first came here because an Argentinian friend suggested that it was one place with genuine Argentinian food.  As I live in the area, I often stop by for a simple lunch of empanada and salad or for a cafe con leche.  For those complaining about service- i am wondering if they expect a 3 star zagat rated restaurant instead of the warm and friendly cafe that this is. Stop by for a coffee and a sweet--you will not be disappointed. It is a great addition to the neighborhood.I am optimistic about Gavin's - an Argentine-owned Euro-style cafe, right near Taney Park and sorely needed.
The original Irish Bar (from years ago now serves as the coffee bar.
We had some cold drinks here yesterday and I got a home-made beef empanada that was so delicious.  The salad menu sounds great, too.
This is sorely needed in this area and I hope they will be successful.
Go, Gavin's!Really cute place with lots of potential.
Got some espresso and alfajores- coffee was bad, alfajores was great!
Overpriced for sure.
Any business has only one chance to make a good first impression. This place is no exception. Service was bad! It is like they are doing you a favor for serving you.I thought this place was ok. 
The service seemed indifferent. 
The beef empanada was just ok.Fresh scones and muffins are delicious (come in the morning for hot ones). Nice loose leaf French press yerbe mate. Location is great - just near the dog park. The chef in the back is super nice. Nice place to sit out and relax a bit.This is a nice cafe close to work, and that's how I found it. We went for lunch and enjoyed the lunch special which includes a salad and two empanadas. I chose the two vegetarian options, one with lentils and one with spinach. The salad was very nice and well dressed. I also enjoyed the empanadas; the dough was just a little too bready for me, but tasty. It's hard for me to criticize anything wrapped in a nice pastry!! I also shared a Spanish tortilla which was very nicely layers with potatoes; with some extra seasoning and flavor, this could be REALLY good; otherwise, it was good. 
This is a nice place with good food, and I would definitely return during lunch because it's close to work. I enjoyed my lunch, but it wouldn't be a destination location for me.I stopped in for coffee at Gavin's a few times on my way home from the park, and each time I noticed little things like the dirty table cloths left on the tables and little flies buzzing around.  It always made me wary to try the food. Then I came here a few weeks ago on a Saturday and was stopped at the door by one of the employees. He said that a restaurant inspector had closed down the restaurant and wasn't letting anyone inside!  I understand that restaurants have random inspections, but it could NOT be a good sign that the cafe was closed down!  I saw that they were closed the next day, too!  I had tried some empanadas during one of my earlier visits and they were OK, nothing special, but I'm definitely going to be just getting coffee there from now on knowing what I know now.