So went to try JG Domestic with the friends.
First the space...it was totally transformed from the environment of Rae.  Rae was a little cold and sleek.  JGD has a totally different feel, and kind of took you away from the fact that you are sitting in 30th street station.   In my opinion, this is a very good thing.  The plants and warm wood were just really cool.   I am way in to decor, so this was a real plus for me.  
Service was good, friendly and knew the menu.  
We started with hot bread rolls, which came in a cast iron pan and were very good and complimentary.  It came with gelee and butter--the gelee was really interesting, apple-y and herb-y.  
For our food, we ordered the crudite with green goddess dipping sauce.  Highlight was the purple cauliflower.  The Keswick creamery fondue was excellent, my friend dipped her finger in to lick the bowl.  We also loved the tuna salad, really fresh and excellent.  A mushroom flat bread was good.  
Not so exciting were the kabocha squash, and the white turnip manicotti.  Not bad, but not exciting.  
The fish we ordered was disappointing--very small portion, and not great flavors.
My personal favorite was the cranberry soup with homemade chorizo.  I'd go back for the soup any day.
For dessert we had beignets--my friends loved it but I thought the alcohol flavor was overwhelming.
I'd particularly like to go back for lunch, to try some of the sandwiches.JG Domestic offers the epitome of inconsistency. My first two experiences were home-runs, leaving me impressed and delighted with their familiar but meticulously mastered dishes. Yet, I felt robbed of a decent night out during my most recent visit. The service was lackluster, inattentive, and careless (forgetting to stop by for nearly 30 minute intervals.) Also, other than the intricate cheese board as an app, our meals were nothing more than mediocre. I'd like to write off my most recent visit as a fluke, but inconsistency does not fly in my book. I'd rather count on decent (but not fantastic) service than enter a restaurant not knowing what I'm in store for.I'm not sure why I didn't love this place as much as I should have. Well, I suppose I do. First off, the parking is a bit awkward. There aren't any signs out front telling us where to park. If there are, they weren't prominent enough. Then the restaurant itself is a bit unfinished.. look up at the ceiling and there are spackle marks.. someone forgot to paint? Some wallpaper is hanging off in the bathroom too.. Just a bit of sloppiness but enough to make me feel the care isn't there yet.
The menu was pretty cool, but the second page is just a list of farms.. a bit goofy but I'm ok with it I suppose.
Service was as expected, very good and attentive. 
Food was mixed. Some plates were really good and some were just ok. Dessert was decidedly unspecial (and we tried a bunch of them). 
Best thing I've had in a restaurant in a long time was the Colorado Lamb Spareribs. If you like meat, this is a must order dish. 
The bread and butter was awesome.. now don't laugh. This is very important to me!
Drinks were ok. I always like to try a specialty cocktail so I ordered the Southeaster. I was later told that they were out of something they needed to make it.. how does a bar run out of ingredients for a specialty cocktail? I next went for the Zephr, which was really gingerry and not too great.. I went with water after that.
Got the Flatbread.. eh.. ok.. nothing special.
Got the chefs garden crosne. This was an odd vegtable, one I never had before. It was interesting and fun to eat, but wasn't too flavorful.. I'd skip it if I were you.
There was a special fish plate : Halibut. It was perfectly cooked but that didn't translate to the overall flavor. I think it was a 3 star dish.. as a special entrée I'm looking for more. 
I think that I won't be back.. There are better places in town, and better Garces places too..I really enjoyed happy hour here! Unfortunately, they no longer serve food after 2:30. I hope that management will change this practice and at least offer food until happy hour is over.  I was extremely disappointed.  Thankfully, our superb bartender, Sammy did an outstanding job and encouraged us to stay.  He served us excellent drinks and kept us quite happy!  We will definitely come back due to his fantastic customer service skills, ability to multitask, and keep us in good spirits! Go Sammy!!Enjoyed a great night out with friends - JG will do very well!Maybe this place is good for lunch, but it's terrible for happy hour and dinner. The Evening Bar Menu is pretty much complete bullshit: the portions are TINY (Cauliflower Gratin "side", $9, is the size of a silver dollar). Vegetarian options are next to nothing. And the food is not good.
During a recent dining experience, my second at JG Domestic, I spent a fortune ($57 per person) and had nothing to show for it but ire and immense dissatisfaction. The miniscule Gratin had no flavor whatsoever, the Duck Fat French Fries tasted like used underwear. Butternut Squash Soup was overly sweet, and with a $9 price tag, I expected more than a six-ounce portion. The only thing worth its weight was the eggplant hummus, which was very good, sizeable, and priced low (too low, even). 
The cocktails were good and of average price. The Gruet Brut Rose was about the blandest sparkling rose I've had (I know, not JG's fault, but it was featured on the menu). Good beer selection. 
Will not return or recommend for meals. Drinks maybe, if I had to, but I'd rather drink somewhere with more than three cocktails on the menu.The transformation of this space from the previous occupant to what Garcés and company have done is impressive. The beech-colored wood for the tables, trellises, and shelves that line the restaurant give it an intimate, country-like feeling that mutes an otherwise large atrium of the Cira Center.  
In comparison to his flagship restaurant here in the city, Amada, this new venture - JG Domestic - with the farm-to-city approach is missing something.  Service was somewhat spotty: it took a while for our waiter to take our order.. and I noticed my water glass was empty on two separate occasions.  
As for the food, well, my dinner companion complained of food poisoning (and he swears that what he ate at JG Domestic was the only thing in his system at that time).  I, however, went unscathed.  
Dinner rolls had a nice look to them.  Fluffy, but apparently glazed with butter that lent to a greasy feel upon touch.  The croquettes were microscopic.  Again, Im comparing them to how croquettes in Spain are prepared.  As for the main course, we ordered the specialty for the evening, which was a "whole lamb, in four cuts".  For $30, I was not impressed with what was served.  I looked at the dish and thought, "This is what we get for $30?!"  Meaning -- the portion was certainly small.  We also ordered fiddle heads to go along with the meal... again, kind of skimpy on the portion --- I think I counted about 10 fiddle heads in total.  
All throughout the meal, I saw waiters bustling about carrying what looked like zeppolis or sugared doughnuts.  I was right... only they werent zeppolis, they were beignets!  We ordered it and when they came out, they were pipping hot!   The beignets were dusted with confectionery sugar, but the exterior had a bit of a crunch... which is odd since the beignets at Café du Monde in New Orleans were light, soft pockets of fried dough.  
Would I come back?  No.  
Garcés still gets my love and affection for Amada, though.Great place. Had the hummus and a burger gotta love it! I really enjoyed the tea and services Happy eating folks!classy but not uptight. Lots of decent vegetarian options. My fav was the eggplant hummus starter dish.Enjoyed dinner here last night.  My dinning companion ordered the ham and bean soup to start and it was extremely salty. Good but salty, luckily my friend isn't hypertensive. We mentioned the saltiness to the waiter when he asked how it was, he was very apologetic and offered something else. We declined.  Onto the main dishes.  I had 3 wonderful lamb chops that were cooked perfectly and served with a trio of sauces, none of which I used. My dc had the pork chop, which i tried and again salty. The chop is also served with 3 sauces. We shared the glazed carrots and roasted potatoes. We seemed to wait quite a bit of time for the carrots and the waiter brought over the roasted brussels sprouts with prosciutto, which were fantastic.  To end our meal we had the chocolate cake with cranberry ice cream for 2 but could certainly serve 4. This cake was delicious and fudgey. A part of the proceeds from the dessert benefit the Garces Family Foundation. Should you drive here a portion of the parking is validated. The soup was removed from the bill after mentioning the salt. Very accommodating and friendly staff.  Overall a pleasant evening and meal.I love it when I walk into a place, and sit down, and am recognized by the best waiter in the place ( Nathan) from the yelp event! AWESOME.. that's some good stuff right there..I wish I had sat in his section, but the girl whose section I sat in was amazing as well... 
It's not a great place for vegg heads.. Garces is tricky and likes to randomly sneak meat products into his foods. HOWEVER, best thing about this place, is the staff, they are SO well informed about everything. It was no trouble just asking her what are the vegg items on the menu and having them pointed out to me. without having to wait annoyingly for her to run to the kitchen and find out, or ask someone else. loves it...
I was a sucker for those flat breads at the elite event so we got that. Which was DELICIOUS! Fresh fluffy, amazing, rolls are brought to the table. YUM! .. Also ordered the beet salad.. yum yum yum. and the popcorn.. The popcorn needed a bit more salt, but was still flavored wonderfully and I happen to hate horseradish.. so that's definitely saying something. 
For dessert we got the bourbon beignets. OMG. I could taste the creamy goodness .. and I LOVED IT!! its like one of the tastiest things ever.. like so good you know it's going to blow your heart up, and probably has about 4 days worth of calories, but you still eat it anyway.. BAM that good! actually just for that I'm changing this from what was a 4 star review to a 5 star review..Everything tastes better on somebody else's dime...
Meanwhile I attended a "heavy app" holiday party at JG last night.
Nathan - who took care of our raucous party of 22, kept the drinks flowing and I tried the FABULOUS Butterscotch (supposed to have a bit of bourbon in there??) Latte.
Dessert in a cup.
Beef sliders were cooked very rare - which I did not mind, but others complained. Charcuterie and cheeses (and heavenly fig jam) were artfuly displayed and delicious to eat.  Mini crab cakes (puffs) were fried and fattening.  Flatbread with mushrooms, truffle oil and fried ege was a BIG hit.
Try the beers here, too!
My faith has been restored.  Although I still don;t like paying $30 - $0 for lunch - I just might come here again pretty soon.  Gotta get me another of those $6 calorie-bomb lattes.Another one of Chef Garces' lovely place.
My friends took me here for my birthday (back in March 2011) - we had a huge party and we seriously may have tried out every thing on the menu.  Including desserts.  It is just so creative, so fun to eat, and so delicious.
Their menu was a bit strange to me in the beginning- the offering was rabbit, lamb, wild boar ... just adventurous!
I had the rabbit- and it was so weird to eat, but it tasted so good so I dont even car.
Another item that i loved absolutely- now I went back to  their website- I dont see all the things we saw back in March- so I dont really remember the name of the dish.
It was this jam made out of some liver??!!??! something like that- but as I said before, strange menu- but we ordered everything and gave it a try.
It was an amazing experience and I was so excited that I tried rabbit :PI met my daughter and her significant other at JG Domestic for dinner last night. Love the location--have to disagree with other reviewers who thought the location awkward. It's a great use of atrium space and the light filtering through the skylight and the plants makes everything beautiful. I may be biased having worked in a restaurant in my youth out in Oregon located--you guessed it--in an atrium. It was also the first mixed use buildings permitted in the country--retail and office space in a beautifully renovated old building something like Philadelphia's Bourse.  
I have to say I am a fan of small plates and family style dining--it's fun, you get to sample lots of different things, and you don't over indulge. That said, boy, did we indulge. 
On the other hand, I am usually not at all a fan of celebrity chefs and trendy restaurants. After dinner at JG Domestic, I am having to reassess that position. Yes, prices are higher at these places, and portions are smaller. I was shocked to realize I actually felt the prices were fair for the quality of the food and the service for our dinner last night. 
Service was unobtrusive, professional, friendly, and well-timed.  
Dinner rolls are delicious as others have noted. We also all remarked on the quality of the butter served with them--remarkable. 
We started with crudités. They came marinated in a flavored oil and were wonderful. Dipped in the green goddess dressing made them even better. Nice to see green goddess dressing back--it's darned good!
Cheese plate served up a goat cheese (Humbolt fog--a fave at our house), a cheddar--I think, and a smoked blue.  Nothing special about the bread--simply a vehicle for the cheese. But instead of fruit, the cheese was paired with three sauces: caramel hazelnut, a marmalade, and a raspberry or black berry jam. The caramel sauce was an okay foil for the cheese, though I was surprised at the tastelessness of the hazelnuts. I love hazelnuts, which have a very distinctive flavor that was notably absent from the sauce. The marmalade, however, was quite good--the berry jam on the other hand was sublime--who knew that adding horseradish would be such a wonderful thing? Obviously Garces did. What particularly impressed me about all of the dishes we tried was how wonderfully the flavors worked together and complemented each other.
We moved on to steak (significant other is an unrepentant carnivore--and that steak was worth the caloric and cholesterol hit--tender, perfect medium rare, beautifully aged piece of beef), summer beans, potato gratin, and artichokes (daughter is a vegetarian). Each was perfect in its own way--and once you have his onion rings, you will never, ever be satisfied with any other onion ring ever again.  
Dessert was delightful--they had the chocolate and cherry ice creams and I did the nectarine sorbet. Did I mention that presentation for all these dishes was beautiful? Hard to take that first bite because they looked so perfect--but we forced ourselves. The subsequent bites were much easier--we just wanted another and another taste.
We are already planning our next trip.UPDATE: I just tried the beignets. Good god they were amazing. The pastries themselves were light, fluffy, and almost comparable with what you can get in New Orleans, which is saying something. The best parts, however, are the accompaniments. The Maker's Mark butterscotch is divine, and words cannot even describe how life-altering the bourbon vanilla mousseline is. Like, I think drowning would be a sucky way to go, but if I happened, by chance, to find myself drowning in a pool of this mousse, I would be totally okay with with that and go out with a big sloppy grin on my face. 
I hope I've made my point here. Drop what you're doing and go to JG Domestic right now. If you're super clever like me, call ahead to order and cut your wait time down to nothing.Unfortunately jg domestic did not impress me as much as Garces other places. The food was really hit or miss.
Here is my run down based on my opinions and the group I was eating with.
The hits:
The Empire Builder- in the running for one of my favorite drinks of all time.
Specialty of the night- Carrots- This was my favorite dish of the night it was simple and perfect. I could not ask for better carrots.
California Organic Maitakes-being a vegetarian, this was my second favorite dish of the night. I would go back here for this dish, I just wish it was double the size! Maybe I'll get two next time.
Maine Lobster Cappuccino-everyone who had this would come back just for this dish
Daily Selection of Domestic Cheeses-very good
Slim JG-friends raved this dish
Hudson Valley Potted Duck- My friend raved this dish
Miles River Blue Crab Gratin- Crab Gratin whats not to like
Just ok:
Keswick Creamery Fondue- Everyone else loved this dish but I thought it was just ok.
Wood oven Flatbread- I ordered this and it was nothing to brag about but some of the other people loved it.
Texas Wild Boar Rack- The person that ordered it said it was tough and fatty.
Sugar Pumpkin Croquettes- Way too sweet
I would avoid:
Chef's garden crosnes- I actually found this dish disgusting. 
I guess since I had such high expectations I was a little underwhelmed by some of the food, but the food that was great was amazing, its just a shame that there were some dishes that didn't impress.
The staff was all very friendly and I really loved the ambiance of this place. It was very open and great for a group of friends!
Overall I would go back again but I'd be more careful about what I ordered.The location is a bit weird, but very good food! Of the things I tried, very good short ribs, scallops, and some type of pasta with pesto sauce and pine nuts.Great food, only surpassed by their excellent service. I work in the building where JG is located and have frequented JG dozens of times. I always leave feeling full, and happy. The staff has made a point to not only know my name, but my order, and my preferences. They really take the time to get to know their patrons - from the bus boys to the servers to the managers, this is a great team. The food is great too! I really appreciate that they recently expanded their bar menu for happy hours! We host a lot of networking events there and having a convenient, great place to bring clients is really important. Highly recomment JG to anyone looking for a great lunch, good happy hour drink/bite to eat, or location for a work function!It's a shame JG Domestic is hidden in the Cira Center because it seems the only patrons are those working in the Cira Center or anyone renting the space out for a private party. For that reason as well, it loses points for atmosphere because it is housed in the lobby of the Cira Center. If you are sitting in the front of the restaurant, you're exposed to the lobby and everyone walking through it.
I ordered the organic smoked chicken panini with a side of duck fat fries. The duck fat fries are delicious (of course they are, they're fried in duck fat) and the panini was good but nothing out of the ordinary as far as paninis and sandwiches go. Bar is often busy during HH with the after work crowd from the building. If you are waiting for a train with considerable time to spare, it may be worth the walk over from 30th street station (walk through the regional rail side, up the escalator and into the Cira Center) if you want something better than the average fast food available at the train station.Hello!!  What a great place, yet so hidden and inconvenient  unless you work in or have business in the Circa Centre or you are travelling through 30th Street Station.  Another Garces gem of a resturant.  Been there several times for business lunches.  The farm-to-table thing is done to the hilt, ingredients are fresh, high quality, and reasonably priced.  
Visited again yesterday and I started off with the creamy califlower soup with their homemade scrapple.  I'd be lying if I said the scrapple part scared me a little when I saw it came with the soup, but I'd also be lying if I didn't say it made the soup all the more delectable.  A real winner.   My friends and I shared the duck fat fries - another indulgent delight.  Had the falafel which was also a winner and finished the meal with their homemade beignots.  Beyond fab.  
Service started off a little slow, but considering the place was packed, it wasn't unreasonably slow and it did indeed pick up after our order was taken.  This would be a 5-star rating for me if it were a little more convenient to get to.The worst dinner ever!  Service was beyond poor.  Who was my waiter? No less than 5, maybe 6 people stopped by for something and yet we had to flag someone down to take our order after 30 minutes, flag someone down for our "pickles" starter, which then came out after the beets appetizer. The jumbo shrimp were not jumbo, and served with heads on leaving very little meat.  The meat was so dry, it couldn't be pulled from the shell. For $22 I can do better than that at any restaurant in the city.  Also the wine pour was short to add insult to injury.  We have been here before when they had the small plates menu. That was inconsistent too, but thought we'd give it one last try. We love Garces other restaurants, so this is surprising that it's so bad.Well executed but uneven and a little unimaginative.  The mains were nice, and I appreciate the ethical, local meats.
I had scallops over lentils and curry as my main, quite good.  The raw fluke starter felt stingy and not particularly flavorful, while the sunchoke and lobster soup my friend had was delicious.  The omelet was a nonevent.  Dessert was definitely the best part of the meal, though, the first time I really "woke up": the beignets and the s'mores were fantastic.  One of my dining companions put it best, after taking a bit of the s'mores: "well, I guess we know who wears the pants in this restaurant".
Service was attentive but a little supercilious---reminds me of Tria.I went for a birthday dinner and enjoyed my experience, yet wasn't completely satisified. As the waiter explained: the plates at JG are meant for sharing, they aren't small plates, like tapas, but they aren't overly portioned either. What he meant to say is: We do small plates, bring them out in pairs or one by one, whenever the kitchen finishes, so you're forced to share. We don't do family style portions so be prepared to pay a lot for enough food for hungry bellies. 
I can see how that concept may be cool for someone with a big wallet but it was slightly uncomfortable when we had ordered seperate things but when each plate came out one by one, very slowly, we didn't want to to wait until everyone had their food so ended up splitting everything. Food was good - but not GREAT. I'd pick Garces Trading Co. over JG any day.My companion and I have been Garces fans since our conversion at Amada.  Tinto, Distrito, Chifa...all above-average.  So, our expectations were high.  But we were truly surprised at the level of disappointment with our meal at JG Domestic.
On the positive side, service was typical Garces: expert, friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.  The space is clean and warmly lit, despite its oft-maligned "beneath-an-escalator" location.    Plating is attractive.  The table bread was an encouraging start.  But things went downhill from there.
Avoid: any dish featuring morels.  Ours were sandy.  Too gritty to eat.  (Not washing food properly is a crime at any pricepoint.)
We ordered the lobster cappuccino after its recent NY Times' mention.  It was good, but nothing spectacular.  The rest of our dishes - potato cassoulet, a duck entree, baby artichokes, the above-mentioned morel mushrooms and a raw tuna special - were *decidedly* underseasoned.  Some we didn't even bother to finish.
We split the beignets for dessert, not wanting to risk any more disappointment.  They were...hot.  That is all I can say in their favor.  
Bottom line: Skip JG Domestic and go to one of his other restaurants if you are craving a Garces fix...preferably Amada.We came here after missing a bus to NYC due to traffic. Had the charcuterie platter to start and a couple of nice wines. Wife had suckling pig with collards and blackeyed peas. Very very nice. I had the salmon with blis steelhead roe, and a poached egg, I enjoyed, but would have liked more egg.
My one complaint about JG places, is that you either need to do the tasting menu, or go with a larger group to capture the breadth of the menu. From what I tasted, I loved it.I really like some of other Garces's places, but this one missed the mark for me. For starters, we had a reservation, but they made us wait at the bar for 30 minutes before seating us. They finally sat us down, but the chair I was sitting in was enormous, and my feet couldn't even touch the floor. I felt like Goldilocks sitting in Papa Bear's chair. I asked a server for a pillow or something to make myself more comfortable, but he disappeared, and I never saw him again. Looking around, I noticed a lot of other women my size (5'3") and smaller in a similar position. I did, however, also notice that the tables on the perimeter had chairs and tables that were better heights, so maybe if I ever go back, I'll request one of those. 
The fondue was one of the things I was most looking forward to, but it was runny and bland. it didn't even stick to the breads and sticks it came with. The flatbreads had nice toppings and a good crunch, but they skimped on the ingredients. I don't even remember our mains which should tell you something.
I really should write a separate review for the dessert because it really was exceptional. We got the bourbon beignets which were pillowy puffs of fried dough served with a salty sweet sauce and smooth vanilla mousse. Not only were the beignets delicious, but they were fun to eat. Just be sure to lick the powder white evidence from your lips before leaving the restaurant. You don't want others wondering what you've gotten yourself into.Outstanding food, but be prepared to pay up.
Get the hickory smoked pecans - they are unbelievably good.  Sometimes I dream about them and then wake up sad, because there are none in my apartment.  Other highlights were the cheese plate, bread service, shrimp and ribs.
Ambiance is western, antique minimalist.  They are under an escalator (weird) but do a good job of carving out their own space.
The prix fix menu is a heroic experience - if you can splurge, it is worth it.
Cocktails are also very good.  
Unfortunately it's expensive and won't be part of anyone's routine - but if you like a dinner experience you won't be disappointed.Wow!  I was so disappointed in my experience at JG Domestic, I can't begin to explain.  I've been to almost every Garces restaurant in town and have had very good experiences.  I generally love these places.  My visit to JG Domestic today was so far from my expectations, I can't begin to express my disappointment.  Something needs to be done, and quickly. 
I visited the establishment to meet a friend.  Upon arriving at the table, she informed me that she had waited at least 15 minutes for someone to offer her a drink or food.  She had received her beer less than 5 minutes before I arrived (she was going on 20 minutes of sitting at the table at that point).  I sat and chatted with her for over 10 minutes with no one even walking by our table to offer a glass of water.  I wanted a beer, so I went to the bar to order it.  That took at least 5 minutes.  I carried the beer back to my table and continued the conversation with my friend.  We sat there for over 20 minutes with no one stopping by our table.  I became extremely frustrated when 2 gentlemen sat at a table next to us and a waiter promptly helped them.  As the waiter approached their table, he clearly put his back to my table and it appeared he had absolutely no interest in helping us.  We literally had to flag him down to ask for the bill for the beer my friend had ordered at least 30 minutes before.  We could have walked out of the establishment without paying for that beer and no one would have noticed.  We both recognize that this would have been unethical, so we waited for the bill to arrive so my friend could pay.
It is very clear that this establishment was understaffed.  As well, it seems to me that the staff that is present is not trained properly.  I do not think they have any inkling of what true customer service is about.Lunch today was a difficult process. Sat for a long time waiting to place order. Sat a total of 45 minutes before we finally got our appetizer. How long does hummus take!  One minute later we got entrees. Service not good. Bread on tuna melt burnt. At least burgers were good and fries were great b$3.00 for a slice of cheese! Seriously?? 
Blue plate special a burger, I chose no bun  "sir would you like cheese on that?" Sure considering the price of $12.50 for a bun less burger and fries how much could it be???  $3.00 as it turns out. 
Not aged cheddar, not Bleu, not exclusive Swiss borne on the udders of bovine goddesses!! A crappy paper thin slice of domestic cheddar smaller than a credit card of cheddar!!!
And no there was no excuse!! Watch your eating habits here!We attended dinner for mothers day. Party of four. THe waitress was not accommodating as much as she should have been after we told her it was our first time. she recommend the pork chop, chicken, and salmon. We ordered the shrimp in addition. big mistake the shrimp was entirely too salty, the chicken was a tab too salty as well. we had to ask for rolls. the pork chop was the best thing, next the salmon (even tho it was a tad under cooked. if i wanted sushi i would have ordered sushi and i do appreciate nice moist salmon, just not so under cooked.) chicken was next and the the four salty shrimp shouldn't have been ordered and i even regretted not sending back (no wonder the waitress  didn't recommend it). the cream greens was great the raisins was something i thought i wouldn't like with it but it was the best part. for dessert we ordered the chocolate cake. it came with the cranberry ice cream. the cake i would have appreciated more if it have been served warm.  the ice cream was good. 
the worst part was the next day i looked at my bank statement and noticed the waitress had over charged me  3 x the amount my bill was. the bill was 120 my card was charged $356.24! i called the restaurant immediately and got the machine even tho the restaurant hours were open. I left a message and eventually the manager called me back. He spent the majority of the rest of the day on the phone with my bank and had the charges reversed. this was around 7pm when i originally called at 1 pm. the manager offered to make another reservation at one of the partner restaurants and hinted at throwing in something free but was not at all apologetic as he should have been. He also informed me that the waitress must have swiped my card for two tables and that this has HAPPENED BEFORE WITH THEM!!! 
I informed him that i wanted to take my tip back. As a college student trying to take my mother out to the renowned Jose Garcia iron chef 50 best restaurants in Philadelphia my funds did not anticipate being charged 3x the amount. My account was overdraft and the next was overdraft again when the manager had not returned my $20 tip. He them tried to blame the lack of return on the bank. 
i had to end the conversation that was going no where I'm done with them and brett the manager. 
we went to the back of the restaurant and would much preferred to be seated there, because of the better ambiance .Miserable experience. My party of 6 and I waited over 20 minutes for a drink order and then 1.5 hours for our food to arrive. Aside from the egregiously priced menu, the food itself was subpar. Our medium rare burgers came out well done with char from a dirty grill all over it. This is $18 cheeseburger for lunch mind you so expectations are set moderately high. I would stay away unless you plan on just drinking.Garces has done it again.  This new american style restaurants breathes some much needed fresh air into the stereotypical Philadelphia "New American" restaurant.  Serving all domestically inspired fare sourced from some of the best farms around the states, this place pulls out all the stops.
Anyway, on to the food..  My girlfriend and I went here for a special occasion, being big supporters of Garces' other venues we had to check out the newest. 
It took us about 30 minutes to finally figure out what we wanted, since literally every single item on the menu sounded amazing.  We decided to go with the tasting menu so we could experience as much of the menu as possible.
Before first course arrived, our server brought out dinner rolls, which usually aren't anything to brag about.  Home made and seemingly fresh out of the oven, these were served in a cast-iron pan and just about melted in your mouth,  AWESOME.  They also came with some fresh whipped butter and apple paste that were both out of this world.
The next round of courses made us feel like gluttons since they served the charcuterie platter, cheese platter, and maple cayenne candied Georgia pecans all at once. Everything was awesome and could have been our whole meal -- we had it wrapped up and prepared for the next round of courses.
Next up was the Wood Oven Flatbread and the Keswick Creamery Fondue.  Let me start by saying I was initially torn about the flatbread as my girlfriend LOVES mushrooms, and I'm not so big of a fan.  That being said, I was pleasantly surprised by this dish.  The flavors were complex yet blended into a simply delicious party in my mouth.  The fondue was excellent as well, and gave us even more reasons to chow down on the awesome dinner rolls served at the beginning of the meal.
Are you still reading? It's not over yet! Enter vegetable course -- Heirloom baby beets with creme fraiche and molasses vinaigrette, as well as the kabocha squash.  Wow, another thing I was sure I didn't like (beets), and Garces proved me wrong again!  Not being the biggest fan of earthy vegetables, I wasn't expecting much from these two dishes yet the execution was consistent and of course the food delivered.  Both of these were very good.
Last and certainly not least we have the Colorado Lamb Spareribs and the Texas Wild Boar.  These spareribs are probably the best I've ever had, period.  I think my girlfriend put it best after she took her first bite, "This is why I'm not a vegetarian".  Garces executes another dish perfectly with a wonderful blend of roasted peanuts, homemade barbecue sauce, and some sort of apple emulsion that imparts a tasty zing. Get these.  The Texas Wild Boar is nothing short of a masterpiece.  Being the carnivore that I am,  as soon as I saw these a giant grin emerged on my face.  Imagine lamb chops, but with boar meat, and cooked (if you could even call it that) perfectly.  You need these in your life!
Now that my tribute to Garces is just about complete, I must finish with the dessert.  We had huckleberry ice cream which in itself was not our favorite, but still very flavorful.  The nicest part about this dish is that the server remembered when I made the reservation and said it was our anniversary.  This was such a nice surprise, and just the perfect way to end a perfect meal.
Thank you JG for another exquisite establishment in Philadelphia, you rock.I love this place. Food is superb. Chef was making our food less than 10 feet away which added to the great experience.Underwhelming, pricey, and heavy. I can eat here free occasionally because I work in the building, but I've learned to order a glass of wine and skip the food.  really don't understand why Garces has such a devoted following in Philadelphia. For the money there are far better choices in the city.I came here on a friday after work as my farewell dinner from work, tears. Anyway, this  place is beautiful and if you're in the ucity area, take advantage of their lunch. It reminded me of Independence beer garden. It has all of the decor as a beer garden would except that its indoors. Pretty cool. 
They had some craft beers on special for happy hour, I think $4. I ordered the fish and chips as well. Fish was yummy, a little over priced. The fries were apparently duck fat fries? Well, dont waste your money ordering duck fat fries. Seriously tasted like normal fries to me. Our server was super busy but seemed to be balancing well with only minor sweating. 
Also! They dont take reservations during happy hour but we had a group of 11 and they let us make a reservation anyway!Iron Chef Jose Garces is skilled at opening new restaurants and JG Domestic is another success.  I attended the Yelp Elite event in November and was very impressed.  This resulted in the wife and I's latest visit.
We had early Open Table reservations and just beat the crowd.  By the time we finished our meal JGs was jumping.  I recommend taking the train here.  There is a walkway from 30th Street Station to the Cira Centre.  It's convenient and economical.  
We were seated immediately by a pleasant hostess and thus began our interaction with The JG staff.  It was one of the highlights of the evening.  Every single person that "touched" us was personable and polite.  Everyone exuded air of quiet competence that added to the ambiance of the evening.  Kudos to the management team for their hiring and training practices.
We began the evening with two of the house specialty drinks.  I enjoyed the Zephyr.  I love the taste of cucumber in a drink and the Zephyr was perfect.  Expect to pay over $10 for most drinks but they are made and served beautifully.
Now for the food.  There have been many comments about portion size but we had no problems working it out with our waiter.  Here were our choices for the evening.
House Charcuterie (several flavors of house cured sausage)
Wood oven flatbread (amazing!)
Sugar pumpkin croquettes (tiny puffs of flavor)
California Organic Maitakes (a highlight of the evening!)
Creekstone natural adobo rubbed ribeye (perfectly cooked)
Pennsylvania Pekin Duck (crispy on the outside and beautifully served)
Maple Soufflé (the presentation was perfection!)
There were no "misses" this evening.  Everything was a kaleidoscope of wonderful textures and flavors!
We have visited other Garces restaurants and enjoyed ourselves.  JGs is a great addition to the group and we'll be back!JG D is one of the Iron Chef's best restaurants, and he has many on my favorite list.  As usual, his dishes did not disappoint.
Holy Moly the spare ribs were AH-MA-ZING!  the meat was falling off the bone & did not require much chewing since  it was so damn tender.  
The atmosphere was nice & enjoyable to my surprise even though it was in the lobby of a high rise office building.  Location is not the best, but the food & drinks make up for it.
I'm definitely coming back!JG Domestic is one of Jose Garces' newest restaurants. It is in the Circa Center, the time crystal looking building attached to 30th Street Station.  Set in the lobby of the building, the decor and absence of walls gives the restaurant the feel of a fancy, open air ranch.  It's certainly the nicest and probably "best" place to eat if you are waiting at 30th Street Station.  I picked up my wonderful mother at the station and we decided to visit while waiting for my sister to get into town.
As expected, JG Domestic offers good service.  The beer list is small, but respectable.  I ordered the house beer, a Victory brew that bears Garces' name.  The style wasn't listed, but this bitter, amber ale is probably an ESB.  Mom ordered a glass of house wine and wasn't impressed.  Prices here are a bit above average, but within the normal bounds for this type of restaurant.
The lunch menu has a lot of choices, and I opted for the blue plate special.  Wednesday's special, fish and chips, was exactly what I was craving.  Sadly, it did not live up to my expectations.  The amount of fish on my plate was laughable, close to half the  normal serving size of a typical fish dish.  The fish was breaded in small pieces, a la fish-sticks.  These were set on a large bed of well seasoned fries - but fries should never  constitute the main portion of a meal.  Alongside my meal was a small ramekin of salad with a delicious green goddess dressing.  My favorite part of the fish and chips plate was the condiment, a malt vinegar aoili that had the perfect taste and texture to compliment the fried fish.
Mom ordered the Cobb salad, which was topped with blue cheese, avocado, bacon, and grilled chicken.  I was a bit jealous when her plate arrived; it looked fantastic and she really enjoyed her order.  
Bottom Line: JG Domestic offers decent lunch specials and a good place to eat in a location that's relatively sparse otherwise.  It's on par with Garces' other locations, but honestly, if I find myself stuck while waiting in 30th Street Station again, I'd much rather check out the surprisingly extensive beer list at Bridgewater's.Sitting in César Pelli's Cira Center - one of the few new structures in Philadelphia that is of any architectural interest - is indeed a lovely thing on a hot summer evening, with expansive views on the city and a pervasive feeling of lightness all around.
My table in JG Domestic afforded just such an experience and the food last night was very good - four stars.  So why just three here?  
It started with the tiresome recitation given by the waiter (this happens, with small variations, in all JG restaurants), you know, the usual "typically diners order 3 or 4 plates each to share", etc. etc. but it was done in such a rote fashion that I felt I was listening to one of those dinner-time phone solicitations.  I also disliked the fact that the waiter referred to the meat options of the menu as "the protein section" - is there anything more distressing than having your food reduced to chemical components, as if you were attending a nutritionist lecture?
As for the food, the Oregon morels with fresh peas on a bit of polenta were excellent, the seasonal green salad ok (boring dressing), the heirloom baby beets a bit tasteless for heirlooms.  Among the "big" plates, the Jidori Chicken was my favorite (why not just call it farm chicken with gravy?  Jidori Chicken is actually a California marketing term, indicating "freshness").  The Halibut dish was good, with the excellent La Quercia ham nicely contrasting the sweet fish.  The Pennsylvania Pekin Duck brought a confit style leg (a bit overdone) and miniscule slices of breast - perfectly cooked.  The dish ($25) was miniscule, as was the morel dish and the beets.  And here is the rub:  JG Domestic is grossly overpriced for the food you receive!  Not the quality (good), but the portions (too small).  I have no problem spending good money on fine food but there is a point where the return is simply not there for diners (this is not a problem for expense account eaters).
I drank several beers - fairly priced, and a glass of not-so-great late harvest Riesling (way overpriced).  The bill was the opposite of the space - heavy.As the photos will tell you, both the space and the presentation of food are beautiful. And after the amazing meals I've had at Tinto, Garces Trading Co, etc., my expectations were admittedly high.  Unfortunately, JGD didn't live up to those expectations. 
The dishes are tapas style, so we ordered several small plates: the pecans, the crab croquettes, the lamb belly ravioli (a special), the potato cassoulet, and the pekin duck (their spelling, not mine).  The crab croquettes were the prettiest, several tiny little marble-sized balls of crab sitting on individual dollops of avocado sauce. Heck, at this place, even the bread and butter were pretty... but while the bread and butter were exceptional, none of the dishes wowed me. They were all good, just not great. Compared with my experience at Tinto, where each dish elicited oohs and ahs, these were more... ohs.  And while both places are expensive, I spent a lot more here, and not with the satisfying "it was worth every penny" feeling of a luxurious night of dining. 
To end on a happy note, we finished with two desserts. The first was a bourbon-themed one involving beignets (yummm), mousseline (never heard of this before but it was fantastic), and Makers Mark sauce to drizzle over both (loved it). The second was a chocolate-themed dessert including a Valrhona chocolate mousse (heavenly), a tiny chocolate cake, a cylinder of ice cream, and various other tasty accoutrements. :)
If I'm ever looking for a place to just have dessert in a gorgeous setting, I will not hesitate to return to JG Domestic!  But for a great meal, I'll stick to other Garces restaurants.Some friends and I like to have lunch at JG Domestic. It's perfect for that. My friends are devoted to the eggplant hummus and we all love the corn soup. After that, we all go our own ways and reunite to share the beignets with bourbon sauce. Heaven. The menu changes, so don't necessarily count on those things. I remember the chicken dish fondly that was a Garces family recipe, and we all miss the duck-fat popcorn, but find ourselves happy in the current menu, and so I believe will you. Oh and the coffee is terrific. Yes, just the plain coffee, a multi-layered treat.Happened to catch JG Domestic appearing in OpenTable and having reservations for it's first, official open night to the public and took advantage of the opportunity that I stumbled upon. Overall Jose Garces new restaurant was a great experience, a novel setting for Philadelphia in the Cira Centre blending clean, modern space with a rustic, organic twist on decor and delivering completely on the American-sourced food concept. There were out of a few of the featured menu items, but we were late at 9pm and on opening night this is understandable/forgiveable in light of how smooth everything else went.
Pros
-Food- the menu read very delicious and we skipped the problem of having to choose anything by going with the tasting menu, which saw us a host of delicious options (many of which not on the a la carte menu) including the stand out big-eye tuna which I would happily take instead of the sold-out scallops. Courses were on the small side, but shareable and numerous. Main dishes were the wild boar, marvesta prawns, Idaho potato cassoulet and kabocha squash, and we wrapped with out of this world beignets with a Makers Mark butterscotch for dipping. Amazing except the blob of vanilla mousseline was a bit puzzling. 
-Space- a pretty unique space, particularly among the Philadelphia dining scene. The lobby of the Cira Centre is light, clean modern design and JG Domestic fills some of this space with a dash of rustic personality with natural-finished wood and an inventive arrangement of indoor plants. Seating is appropriately spaced and the place hit the right balance on the noise level so it felt energetic but allowed for intimate conversation.
-Drinks- maybe a highlight of our entire evening we started with some of the hand-made cocktails -the Adirondack was a particular favorite being refreshing and novel without being served up, since it's still important to drink like a man. The wine list was well thought out with strictly American wines from all over. Props for including the Dunham Cabernet from Walla Walla, Washington.
-Meeting Jose Garces - as it was opening night the chef himself was out making the rounds and we were treated to a brief, friendly audience with the man on the scene.
Cons
-Bread- this is a quibble I'd address to Amada too (JG's flagship) but on the cheese plates (delicious fondue and traditional cheese plate) there were four little grilled bread slivers. This is certainly not enough for the generous helping of fondue and barely serves the leaner portions of the cheese plate. Time to balance the ratio of cheese to bread. We were given 4 and needed 13 to polish of the fondue, the troubling part was having to ask 3 times.
-Parking- $21 bucks in the Cira Centre lot if you stay longer than 2 hours makes the $17.50 valet look more like a deal. Better suggestion, train to 30th street station, cab or walk.My husband and I went here this past weekend for my birthday on our quest to dine at every Garces restaurant before we move in three weeks (6 down, 1 to go!). I had a feeling I would enjoy this one, and it actually exceeded my expectations.
I actually quite liked the decor and feeling of the restaurant. Where else can you dine so well in a train station under an escalator? It felt warm and comfortable, probably because of the wood and plants. And I couldn't get over how much bigger our table was than at most other Garces restaurants. We had plenty of room to spread out our food (Even though we were at one of the long tables and not our own).
We came in thinking we would order the Chef's Tasting, which is what we usually do at Garces restaurants because the menus are so vast and you don't know what to choose. Once we really looked at the menu though, there were clear things that we wanted to try, and when we added up the cost it was far less than if we had both ordered the tasting.
Cocktails: My husband ordered the Empire Builder and seemed to enjoy it. I'm not a bourbon-drinker but I had a sip and it tasted good. I ordered the Keystone, which was sweet but not too much, and lasted me throughout dinner.
First course (All of these things came out at once, when we expected them to come out in two courses. It was almost overwhelming, but we handled it.): 
Housemade Rolls: Simple, hot, and delicious. The apple jelly was extra great.
Slim JG: 4 sticks of housemade sausage, 4 crackers, mustard. It was a nice snack, can't complain.
Maine Lobster Cappuccino: I heard many good things about this, but just couldn't imagine how it could taste good. Wow, it was so good. One of the highlights of the night.
Keswick Creamery Fondue: Cast iron crock filled with creamy fondue, served with breadsticks, apples, and a fantastic onion jam. This was my husband's favorite first course. There's more cheese than dippers, but you can get creative with things to dip (rolls, spoons, etc.)
Hawaiian Opah Ceviche with Spiced Passion Fruit Sorbet: This was one of the specials of the night. It might have been the best ceviche I've ever had. Perfect acidity and sweetness, and I love the texture of opah. I'm a sucker for Jose's sorbets.
After a small break, we got our second course plates:
Kabocha squash: There seems to be a lot of hate for this dish, and really we weren't thinking about ordering it. But when we realized how few vegetables we were ordering, and we saw the people next to us get it, we decided to go for it. It was cooked perfectly (still with some bite, not mushy at all) and had a really nice vinaigrette. Its also two of my favorite veggies (kabocha and black kale), so I'm glad we listened to ourselves instead of the reviews on this one.
California Organic Maitakes: Two maitakes in polenta. The plate for this one was so big we each just grabbed a mushroom and put it on our plate to get the big bowl out of the way. These were very good, but kind of forgettable since we rushed through them.
Green Village Suckling Pig: This was the whole animal of the night. It was a last-minute decision to order this and I'm so glad we did. Every bite of the pork was moist and extremely flavorful. Every cut was better than the last. And the portion on this one was much bigger than we expected from the sound of the reviews. Definitely enough for us.
Dessert course: I always expect dessert to be my favorite, but I don't think I could ever have expected this. My hubs ordered the Bourbon, which gives you three hot beignets covered in powdered sugar with a bourbon butterscotch sauce. These were excellent (recommended by our waiter, even though we would have ordered them anyway) and my husband's favorite dish of the night. Then, my dessert came. I ordered the Maple, which is a Maple souffle that comes out hot from the oven. The server pokes a hole in the middle of the souffle, scoops in some ice cream, then pours a hot maple creme anglaise to melt the ice cream into a delicious creamy maple-y soup. I took my first bite and I almost died right there. It.was.so.good. Seriously, if you like maple or souffle or dessert at all, order this. It was the perfect dessert to end the meal.
The dinner ended with 2 petit fours each, one a blood orange and one a chocolate/marshmallow combo. Both were good, but I scraped one last taste of my souffle because I wanted to end with that taste in my mouth.
Our waiter was very nice and helpful, as we've come to expect from any GRG establishment.
Yes, the portion sizes can be small on some dishes, but some of that perception is because we're all used to giant portion sizes. For people who love to have many tastes of different things, this is perfect. The amount of plates we ordered was perfect for us, and we left feeling extremely satisfied but not overly stuffed. It may not Jose's best value for the volume of food, but for quality, its worth every penny.(4) ~ very good overall food & service ~ We like that you can take the Septa(Train) from the burbs to 30th Street Station (which is connected to the building housing JG Domestic) and never have to step outside:-)
DRINKS:
** Hiawatha(cocktail) = (4) very good
** Coffee = (4) very good
* Cappucino = (3) ok...
CHEESE:
** Kunik = (4) very good 
** Humbolt Fog = (4) very good
* 7 Sisters (3.5) good
* Meadow Bleu (3) ok
FOOD:
** Freshly Baked "House" Rolls = (4) very good
** "Hawaiian" Poke (tuna) = (4) very good
** S'more = (4) very good...the Caramel Ice Cream is AMAZING!:-)
* Wood Oven Flatbread = (3.5) good
* Pappardelle = (3.5) goodI went here for my (4th) birthday dinner over the weekend, and it was pretty dead inside. That being said, service was impeccable, our server was great and the manager is apparently Jose's bro. Tastefully done in a Pottery Barn meets Iron Chef, farm to table, decor. 
If you like wheaty beers, try the Victory Brewing Jose Garces House Brew, so tasty. The five of us ended up ordering most of the menu: 
Flatbread: meh, too dry, not up to par with his other flatbreads 
Blue Crab Croquettes: teeny tiny, paired with a lemony avocado sauce, I could probably eat 100 of these balls of goodness, mmm
Lamb: perfectly medium rare, with a great minty sauce and a sweet slaw side 
Hanger steak (special): also perfectly cooked, wished this portion was bigger as I could eat so much more!  paired with a currant sauce that I wanted to lick off the plate
Potatoes au gratin: good, but there was some cabbage-like something on the bottom that I did not care for 
Other things were the scallops, garden salad, ribs, and popcorn, which all looked very good but I did not sample. The dinner rolls are so good, slightly sweet, paired with a freshly whipped butter & apple gelee. 
We ended on a high note with desserts (blueberry polenta cake, raspberry souffle, and flourless cherry chocolate cake/ice cream) - but the bourbon butterscotch latte is the star. It is reminiscent of a Starbucks caramel macchiato, but so much more FLAVOR, and somehow it feels better to give my money to Mr. Garces than Starbucks.Just started working in the building and love love love that this is always an option if I feel like treating myself to lunch or dinner and don't wanna commute to center city or resort to 30th street station fast food.
With that said, I've had both cocktails and food here.  The bartender was super friendly and chatty and they bring out fun bar snacks to munch on, like creatively seasoned popcorn.
For lunch, I had the cobb salad with the JG Domestic twist of some avocado, chicken, and delicious vinaigrette.  I also tried a side of those delicious duck fat french fries, which are amazing.
Next time I feel like spending upwards of $15 on a burger, I'd sure love to try it since it looked and smelled so good.
Will definitely be back here, especially because it's so damn convenient.Attended 2 months ago with my family for my cousin's birthday. We were seated in the back immediately as we had a reservation. Service throughout the evening was prompt. Water glasses were filled and the waiter periodically checked on us. I don't remember exactly what we all had because it was about two months ago, but I remember that I liked everything that I tried. We had a party of 6 and we all tried to order different things so that we could all try the menu.
Two small things that didin't go so well; I ordered the JG Victory beer and I thought it was not very good.
Also, being my cousin's birthday, my aunt asked that they bring out a cupcake or something in recognition of her birthday before we were seated. Towards the end of dinner, nothing arrived, so my aunt excused herself from the table to speak remind/ask them to bring something out for her birthday. Nothing arrived, so my aunt had to ask the waiter while he at our table if he can bring out something for my cousin's birthday. Kind of ruined the surprise. The waiter gave a look of disbelief that she would ask such a question and said something like, 'I don't know about that. I'll see what we can do.' They did eventually bring out a cupcake, but that wasn't really the point of it all. 
Overall, the food and service sans birthday recognition was good. I thought the decor was somewhat boring and plain. 
Pretty good overall.This was my second meal at JG. The first time my boyfriend and I went our food was exceptional. Soo exceptional that I still think about the roast chicken dish we had to this day. 
We loved it so much we decided to go back and take my boyfriend's parents. Our food was ok. Nothing was terrible but nothing stood out. 
I love Graces and I usually love everything he does. Our food last night really missed the mark. I'm not sure if I will be back with so many other great restaurants to try in Philly.went back for lunch again to try something different.
I got the "WOOD OVEN ORGANIC CHICKEN" which is Shishito Peppers, keswick Creamery Tomme, Herb Aioli, & Beer Battered Onion Rings.
This was an amazing sandwich and service was so quick since I just like to take a half hour for lunch.  
This is now my new favorite sandwich :)Went on restaurant week. It's a special menu and I think it was very well crafted. The service was great and the food was excellent. I'd recommend it.JG definitely tried to warm up the bizarre space that occupies the area beneath an escalator and a wide open lobby in a modern space.  The wood structure feels a little like someone dumped a lincoln log set inside a lego one.   Definitely feels cozier than the old Rae.
Menu is classic Garces.  Small plates with homemade charcuterie, assorted small plates, large plates, and specials for the day.  The whole animal of the day was a deconstructed rabbit- about 9 oz of food.  Wine list is nicely varied as well as the beer selection.   The coffee is roasted in house.   For those wishing to sample more- $45 to $65 tasting menus are offered.
We decided on four plates:  
Sugar pumpkin croquettes- perfect deep fried round puffs of happiness.
The domestic charcuterie- classic Garces
Beet salad- sized for a dollhouse dinner, but amazing in flavor
Porcini mushrooms with polenta- super rich- delicious
Left room for dessert.  We heard the beignets were the best.  Sure enough, the powder sugared fried dough puffs were accompanied by a bourbon syrup.  Worth every calorie.
Service was very attentive.  Jennifer rocked- we were commenting that good servers are hard to find anymore.  A gorgeous darling cast iron pan filled with glistening eggy little rolls with a bit of sea salt sprinkled on top appeared almost immediately after our order was taken.   Fresh cutlery was brought with each course. Plates cleared promptly.  
I like the concept of the communal tables and long high tops in the bar area.  I think this place is best for chilling with a group and having drinks.  Not sure it is great for people looking for a traditional dinner with a salad, main course, and dessert set up.
Our bill ended up about $50 per person with a drink each on a Tuesday night.   Not a weekly excursion, but definitely worth the splurge.Over priced. Small portions, and a gutless execution. All dishes lack flavor and like most Garces places - it makes no apologies. This place is intended for the rich only - well them and the Laban types.  Avoid at all costs.I went to JG Domestic on the night they opened to the public, so I probably need to return now to see if they've worked out some of the kinks. Overall, I liked the concept and enjoyed the food, but was not as blown away as I've come to expect from Garces Group restaurants. 
From what I had read about JG Domestic, Garces was moving away from his usual Spanish/tapas menus and doing more American cuisine and larger plates. Because of this, I was really surprised by the portion sizes - and the prices. The entrees are $20-$34, but the portions are comparable to those of the small plates you'd get at Amada or Tinto. I would have been less upset by this if I'd known what to expect - the table next to us was told more about how much they should plan to order and what the portions were like, so I suspect this was a function of being one of the first guests. But even if I'd known, I'd still feel like I was overpaying for the size of the meal. 
The menu had highs and lows. I didn't love the popcorn, although it was nice to have a quick snack to start with. The Keswick Creamery Fondue was delicious, but did not come with enough bread for dipping - and it took us several reminders to the waitress to get more (again, I'm going to chalk this up to opening night). My friend ordered the "whole animal" entree, which that night was a lamb - it came three ways, and was very flavorful, but he was VERY surprised by the tiny portions. When I hear "whole animal," I expect a lot of food - not three tiny tastes of different parts of a lamb. I had the Texas Wild Boar Rack, which came with very delicious grits - it was perfectly cooked and had a great flavor, but again was just very, very small. 
I think this is the kind of place I'd go for lunch, especially if I had an expense account to put it on. I'm sure it's convenient for all of the people working above the restaurant in the Cira Centre - as a diner coming from Center City, the ambiance is a little weird (it's like a nice, warm, home restaurant very obviously stuck smack-dab in the middle of a very modern, open office building). I'll probably go back at least once to see if the service has gotten smoother or the portions or prices have evened out, but if it is similar to my last visit, I probably won't return.This is not Jose's best.  I find the menu rather limited.  I do like the flat breads.Fantastic service from Nathan.  They actually went across the street to the train station to get cherries for my 4-year-old's Shirley Temple. The chef whipped up a delicious off-menu French toast foie just because I asked about a foie dish. Everything was great. I love all of Garces' places, but the service here was spectacular!Really great visit to JG Domestic with my family. Love that it's in the Cira Center, and the space is beautiful. Secluded yet remarkably comfortable. Takes advantage of the center's brightness and adorable decor. Not ridiculously expensive, either.
The food:
1. JG domestic burger (Wolfe's Neck Sirloin, Bibb Lettuce, Jersey Tomato, 1000 Island) - solid burger with a juicy, well-seasoned beef patty and toasted bun. The truffled mushrooms were well worth the money to add. We played it safe with medium well, but a medium rare would have been fantastic. Great use of 1000 island; does not taste fake or overdone. 
2. Duck fat french fries - Definitely catches your eye on the menu, and I will say it is quite flavorful. It is, however, remarkably oily, and some pieces are practically drenched and soaking with the fat, which can be overwhelming. However, the seasoning and the duck fat really works well in tandem.
3. House smoked turkey breast (Tomato, Bacon, Green Goddess Dressing) - the green goddess here seals the dish for me. Great use of the fresh green goddess to pair with the heavier bacon and smoky turkey breast. I found however the bread to be a bit plain and the sandwich itself pales in comparison to the other sandwich options.
4. Organic chicken panini (Landaff Cheese,Shishito Peppers) - It always amazes me when restaurants make panini with underprepared bread. Thankfully, JG kept it crisp and light without it burning. Cheese melted beautifully and the shishito peppers give it a great texture. One of the better paninis I've had in a long time.
Overall, it was a wonderful experience, and I would definitely like to try their happy hour and dinner options.Average place; average menu; average space; slightly above average prices.  Good for a lunch rendezvous or meet in the middle between Center City and University City.I have to give it a 3 because ..WHERE ARE THE DESERTS. I work in the building and frequent JG, but each time I go they only have these chocolate chip cookies that aren't even fresh or actually made there. I have this great meal and then am so disappointed when I leave. Desert is the last thing you eat at a meal and it makes it hard to remember the great meal when you're so disappointed about the desert, or lack thereof. 
The tomato soup is amazing.
$5.00 for popcorn? eh.Came here for their "sunday supper" with a huge group for someone's graduation party. 
This was one of the best meals I've had in a long, long time.
The fried chicken, the grilled chicken, THE BREAD!, the mashed potatoes. Listen people - if you like comfort food just go. Stop reading, put down your computer/smart phone and just go. You will not regret this meal.Haven't been here in a good while (need to rectify this), but found myself reminiscing tonight about the several meals I've had there. Details of each meal are seared into my mind like the beautiful Creekstone Farms steak they once served. Yeah, I'm a sentimental fool sometimes.
Meal 1: A Thursday night, Dining out for life (percentage to benefit AIDS charities)
 - Chef's table. Group of 8, maybe 10 close friends. I think our waiter's name was Nathan. He was a cheerful and helpful chap who amplified the surprisingly wonderful atmosphere of this newfound Garces enclave.
- Tasting menu. Favorite: aforementioned seared Creekstone Farms steak. Also: beignets.
Meal 2: New Years Eve before 2012. 
- Day-of NYE reservation for 8? Sure. Chef's table. 
- Winter tasting menu. Favorites: Pecans, Sunchoke Soup (magically delicious), Humboldt Fog (was already a fan of this cheese), no steak this time, but some pork loin, and some smoked ricotta ravioli. Also: beignets. 
Meal 3: Working lunch. Table for 10. Boss and guests from NYC who were catching a train after.
- Beer. Beer. Oh what's that? You have a recommendation for another beer we haven't tried yet? We're expensing this right?
- Pecans. OMG the roasted pecans! Duck fat fries. Pork? sandwich on a long roll? (ok, details do escape me on this one... cause beer!)
- Also: beignets. beer. beignets.
- Stumble, ahem, I mean saunter back down JFK to work? You got it! Thanks for lunch, boss!
Meal 4: Valentine's day.
- Day-of reservation (sentimental fool AND a hopeless romantic...), V-Day prix-fixe menu, yada yada yada... beignets. No pecans, no magical soup (sad trombone).
Pretty sure there was at least one other work lunch there but details on that one are fuzzy and/or combined into the other one.
Hat tip to "Artie" for her wonderful note-taking and review from which I blatantly stole some of my details.3rd time is a charm? Unfortunately not this time. 
Being a huge Chef Garces fan, I gave him 3 chances to wow me before writing this review....things started off strong but quickly went downhill from there. 
1st visit was to the take-out counter for breakfast. I got a chocolate croissant that was heaven and a steamy cup of GTC coffee. Quick service, good pastries and coffee, a bit expensive for breakfast but off to a good start! 
2nd visit was again to the take-out counter for lunch. I got the turkey sandwich that was prepared who-knows-when and stored in the coldest refrigerator know to man. The sandwich was thrown in a box (then a bag?) with a bag of chips. For $10 the sandwich really wasn't anything special....compared to recent trip to GTC where a $10 sandwich is freshly made, served warm and delicious! 
3rd visit was to the actual restaurant for lunch. I just got back and ate 3 cookies in my office because I'm still hungry. I ordered the chicken sandwich which was very delicious but lonely without any side dishes and not filling enough to satisfy. 
My conclusion is that Garces didn't really think about his target market here.....the only people who actually know how to get to the Cira Centre are the people that work there. We want good, quick food for a reasonable price (we're not going to spend $15+ on a sandwich a fries everyday when we can get a $5-foot long 100 yards away....) 
So throw a couple fries on the plate with your sandwiches (without jacking up the price), don't store them at -10 degrees, and don't charge $3 to add cheese and bacon on your burger and maybe we can be friends. Thanks!Food was very good. Flavorful. Service atrocious. Really inexperienced rude and flippant. When you spill powdered sugar on someone it's not appropriate to say "oh that's just powder" maybe an apology would be more appropriate? Geez. Not a terrible place. But def the worst service of all of the garces restaurantsI work in the building so frequent this place...in the past 5 years it went from good to okay to downright terrible. I just had a hockey puck for a burger, cold fries, and a chopped salad that took me 10 minutes to cut up to actually be able to eat. If you want to be a crappy diner - you should adjust your prices accordingly.I went to JG Domestic last night and overall had a good time. Unfortunately I was only able to have a drink at the bar so I am not too sure how the food is but the overall ambiance was nice. The employees were very friendly and the overall decor was great and unexpected for the location. I'll have to go back some day and try out the food.Such a cool restaurant.  I was here for a film shoot involving Chef Garces and the staff were so kind and accommodating it was unreal.  
The decor is trendy country-fied - checkered chair slipcovers, lots of gorgeous wood, chalkboard-esque art, metal farm-like bric-a-brac.  The way they've tucked the restaurant in the corner under the escalator is so smart and cool - for a less seasoned restauranteur this could have been an obstacle, but Garces uses it to his advantage and creates an architecturally awesome space.  
I know they don't normally serve breakfast - unless perhaps they sell some baked goods in their coffee bar at the front? - but they had a fantastic spread for us.  The most amazing cinnamon rolls EVER, including an orangey glaze that brought out all the sweetness; adorable and delicious lemon poppyseed muffins; plus truly fantastic coffee.  
Lunch was a continuation of deliciousness.  Crisp caesar salad, potato salad (made with mustard instead of mayo and teeny diced potatoes), and a variety of sandwiches including his infamous burger, bbq pork, and grilled chicken - all terribly good.  And don't forget the gooey chocolately goodness of the brownies for dessert - perfect end to a perfect catered lunch!I love JG and think its right up there with Amada and Tinto.  The only fault is that the menu is pretty small.  The menu has turned kind of down home cooking which can be nice but when I'm going out in Philly usually I look for something a little more special.  Though it may be just about the perfect spot for a family Sunday night dinner.  The paws and boar and flatbread were great thought the menu changes to reflect more seasonal foods.  A plus for sure.I just got back home from dining here and writing this review right now because of how offended I was by the entire meal from start to finish. Where to start? Should I start by telling you that the trout entree my husband ordered was two small pieces of fish on a circular plate meant for bread? Should I tell you that the skin was slimy and not seasoned with the green dressing the waiter had promised? Did I mention the bread plate? I mean how is this an entree? How can any self respecting chef put this out there, especially at a finer dining location? 
Or should I start by explaining that the housemade agnolotti was a complete disaster? Four undercooked pieces of stuffed pasta, with burnt kale and chunks of what I thought was pear but not entirely sure. Really? the chef thought it was okay to serve me this? 
Or my luna salad, which came with three dried cherries, not the pickled cherries mentioned and sans the goat cheese that was clearly written on the menu? Oh, and the schmear of dressing, meant to be artistic, but just made the plate look dirty? Oh and the substitution of what I think was parmesan in place of goat cheese?
Or should I tell you the things my friends ordered were all terrible? How about the squash that was not completely cooked and came without pepitas. The glazed carrots had no flavor and were overcooked so that they were mushy. 
Perhaps I should tell you about our service, where our waiter came by once throughout the whole meal? (Was it even once?) Or about how none of our plates were cleared after the initial plates had been brought out? Or that they automatically charge gratuity for a party of six or more? (Sorry, I thought this was a Jose Garces place, not TGI Friday's). 
Honestly, we were so completely offended by this meal. We have come to expect a certain level of quality, freshness and flavor from food and good service and none of that was available at JG. Food should be a joyous experience, not one that was stressful and anger-inducing. If you want a real farm to table fine dining experience, try ABC Kitchen (in NYC) or message me, and I'll send you a list. 
Whatever you do, don't waste your time at this place. Over priced, over done.We visited JG this past Saturday expecting the same wonderful experience we get at all of Jose's establishments. Boy, was this a dissapointment. We have been to all of his places several times and this was unlike any of our other visits.
At first, we were seated at a table right at the entrance to the restauarant which is like sitting in an office building lobby. (actually, it is in the lobby)
Then we asked to be moved and we were located under the escalator on raised bar stools which were like sitting on a park bench. with other tables vacant, we asked to be seated in one of the empty booths but were told that they were reserved. We made this reservation 3 months ago! finally, after asking the manager, we were moved to a nice location.
The food was good but not on the same level as Tinto, Amada, Distrito or even our favorite Garces joint, GTC. The wine was overpriced (Archery Summit 2007 cuvee for $152. btl. is outrageous!) 
The dishes were skimpy as Tapas style plates go (2 scallops for $21.) and only afew dishes were outstanding. (try the chicken dish, the beignets, flatbread pizza and the chanterelles.)
After visitng all of Jose's places, this is the one place that we won't be returning.That's right, I only give 1 or 5 star reviews.  The truth is, I'll only take the time to write about a place if I love it or hate it.  
As for JG Domestic, I love it.  I've spent a bunch of money here, and it's worth every penny.  For the longest time, Fork was my favorite Philly restaurant.  I still love Fork, and have never been let down there, but it's in Old City, which has devolved into 90's Delaware Ave, complete with shootings and fistfights.  I'll happily go to Fork on a weeknight though, but I won't go within 10 blocks of Old City on a weekend.  
Back to JGD-  I've had dinner here twice, and lunch once.  My first dinner, my companion and I ordered a la carte.  Everything was phenomenal, except for the "Boar Rack" entree.  You see rack, you expect a rack, right?  Well, for all of $26 or so, you get one rib.  One fucking rib.  It's a tasty rib, but the menu should come with a Chinatown style warning: "ask your server before ordering."  Despite this misstep, I'm still giving GTC 5 stars.  Why?  Because they do so many things right.  The cocktails are great, their Victory/Garces beer is excellent (lemony hefeweisen), their sides, like butternut squash croquettes are phenomenal, and their beignet with bourbon caramel and vanilla whipped cream make me want to go back again and again.  I'd eat those beignets for breakfast, despite the fact that I'd have whiskey flavored caramel all over my face and hands.
On another trip, I had the Sunday Night BBQ dinner, which consisted of more food than I could ever imagine eating in 1.5 sittings.  I eat a lot, despite my awesome physique, but I just couldn't go on.  I was completely meat-ed out by the end of my meal (that's my version of meat coma).  The highlights of dinner were smoked baby back ribs, peel and eat shrimp, jalapeño cornbread, collards, green bean salad, caesar salad, and blueberry cobbler.  The highlight of my meal, however, was their Maryland crab soup.  That soup is in my top 3 things of the best things I've ever eaten.  All this for $40 a head was not bad at all.
Go there.  It's big, the location isn't ideal, and the acoustics are terrible, but damn, the food delivers.I really enjoyed JG Domestic my first time here in November, but I had a disappointing experience last night that I wanted to share.  I went for their much-hyped Sunday Supper--a fixed course menu for $35/pp plus tip and tax.  The price is fair for the amount of food that you receive, but definitely not the quality.  We began with a lentil soup that I thought was underseasoned and their usual dinner rolls.  This was followed by a flavorless (and kind of puny) beet dish and a boring salad of bitter greens and not much else.
For the entree, you have a choice of fried chicken or herb-roasted chicken.  Our waitress recommended we get the fried.  It was ok.  There was a high crispy skin to actual chicken ratio and between the two of us, we got two drumsticks and three legs--really, no chicken breast?!?  The mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese were the highlight of the meal for me--they were both made of creamy deliciousness and were definitely worth the calories!  My fiance loved their haricot verts, although I thought brussel sprouts would have been a better accompaniment.  And the pickled carrots were unremarkable.
Dessert was an apple-rhubarb cobbler with cinnamon ice cream that was very good--although I would have loved an extra scoop of ice cream :-)  All in all, I would have rather had fewer courses and that each one was done better.
Bottom line: I'm not sorry I went, but I will savor my Sunday supper elsewhere from now on.Once again Iron Chef Garces shows us his passion for delicous cuisine! J.G. Domestic is a Gem to say the least, it's location to some might seem iffy, but anyone thinking outside the box such as Chef Garces would understand that with the traffic at 30th Street Station along with the location being the only fine dining place within considarable distance of anything else would see this place being a monopolizing cash crop.
The interior decor is spot on and blends well with its surroundings, the open kitchen adds to the charm. i was seated immeadiatly the wait staff were very nice. I asked for bottled watter that I never finihed because of the dust particles in the glass were mixed in with my water. I believe the wait staff should wipe them out or check to make sure the glassware is at its cleanest..
To start I had the amazing HUDSON VALLEY Potted Duck with
Foie Gras Mousse, Orange Gelée! Rich, decadent, and delicious and all in one pot I give it a 5/5.
I wanted a snack in between and opted for the popcorn I can't say I was thrilled and can't imagine paying $5 for a bowl of popcorn in an establishment like that ever again... I'll save it for the movies. I give that a 2/5 once cold the were awful!
Next was the Yelp famed Berkshire Pork Spare ribs that everyone was Yelping about lol And let me tell u those have to be the most suculent ribs on this side of the Eastside! I mean the were great..nice pork flavor you can't get unless you are eating boar. I give those a 5/5. One thing I can say about Jose..He Knows his PORK! You can never go wrong ordering a pork item on any of his menus. I also had a side of I must say very savory heirloom Potato Gratin very good I give it a 4/5. Lastley was dessert I had slap yo mamma good Beignets with, Bourbon Vanilla Mousseline, and Maker's Mark Butterscotch. 5/5 I raved about those all damn night..that stuff is addictive and will have thinking should you order a second plate. The sauce should be bottled and sold it would fly off the shelves I'm sure of it.
Overall I had to give this place a 4 star rating because of the spotty servive and my dusty glass. In my opnion they should have small or compact service stations with utensils and glasses, or what ever the wait staff may need so they do not have to run back and forth so often and can stay more closley in their area. U could see them flying back and forth franctically. Someone needs to fix that. other then that I shall return.Disappointing dinner Saturday night at JG Domestic.
I'm not sure if it was a result of the kitchen being thrown off due to the new "Iron Chef" menu that they are offering in conjunction with the a la carte selections, but the timing and pacing was completely off.
The food started out well, the bread service is among the tops in the city, and the truffled flatbread was a highlight.
The roasted chicken was good - but it took almost two hours to arrive, well after the "vegetable" dishes that are recommended to accompany the meat dishes had come and gone.  They were pretty unmemorable-the sweet pumpkin balls were tasty but tiny and I'm not sure if they're best described as a vegetable side dish. 
We let the general manager know about the pacing issues and he was appropriately concerned and offered us a drink at the bar.  We passed though - I think we had spent enough time there.
On the plus side, the space looks great - the hanging wall garden is a nice touch.  We parked on Market just above 30th St. Station.  Parking on the street is free after 8, and it's a quick walk through the station if you want to avoid the valet fee.Maybe I was expecting too much. Maybe it was the fact that I was there during University City dining days. Maybe JG's other restaurants set the bar too high for this place.
I give it two stars because if the menu was fine tuned (made more memorable) and the service (especially the timing of plates that I have come to expect at the other ones) this place would warrant another visit.Disappointing. Over-hyped. I have eaten at many farm-to-table restaurants I'm various parts of the US-& this one was probably the biggest let-down. We brought our children with us for a late lunch. While I am aware that farm-to-table places will run out of menu items-I was a bit shocked to hear that they were out of burgers for the day at 2pm-& other than the burgers-there was nothing on the menu that day to placate the kids. The food just failed to impress. Most portions were very, very small. So while a menu item begins its description with shrimp-only expect 2 shrimp. I was excited to try their beignets-they were beignets, nothing more, nothing less.Still (4.5) overall...
OUR MENU:
Victory JG Home Brew (Beer) = 4
Lobster Cappucino = 5
Wood Oven Flatbread = 4.5
Suckling Pig = 3.5
Coffee Souflee w. Malt Cream = 4.5
Bourbon Beinets = 3.5
French-Pressed JG Coffee = 4I come here for work meetings when we're at The Hub upstairs and it's usually a great experience. Food is always delicious, service is friendly, and atmosphere is beautiful. 
I've only been for lunch so can't say much to dinner. We always get fries for the table here as they're a big hit with all of us. We had a few slip ups on our order this past visit and they were out of a lot that we ordered but I still enjoy everything I have here. All the apps are a win and I love the veggie burger I've gotten here. It's very different and tasty from your standard veggie burger. Prices are a little up there, but for the atmosphere and location, it makes sense.Spent a couple hours here trying to avoid trudging out into the rain after arriving to Philly via 30th street. The open atmosphere is very nice and it's easy to forget you are technically in a train station. 
The bartender was awesome! He even went and tracked down a cell phone charger for me and my hubs since we were about to be phone-less. They had some great beer options-lots of the local variety. I really enjoyed my raspberry ale! 
We also sampled some of their fondue, which was tasty although they either served too much cheese, or not enough breadsticks. It was good, just not something that blew me away. 
I wouldn't say this place would be somewhere I would seek out again, but it's a perfectly viable option if you are in the area, or stuck at the train station.My husband and I dined here last night.  As always with a Garces restaurant, the service was very good.  The pecan "snack" was incredible.  I enjoyed the tuna appetizer along with the crab gratin.  My husband loved the Iron Chef pork ribs and the pumpkin croquettes.  The redecorating of the space has softened the it as much as possible.  The open kitchen was incredibly calm on what appeared to be a very busy Sat night.The food was delicious...but it was a bit pricey and the portions were tiny....and no, this place is not tapas.  The dumplings in the lobster cappuccino were amazing, but there were only 2 and the broth was a bit too frothy and salty for my liking.  The mushroom w/ polenta appetizer was also delicious but the portion was miniscule, which made it awkward to share (for $14 bucks...how much can polenta and mushrooms be?!).  The chestnut souflee was warm, buttery deliciousness.  The wagyu steak was also amazing...but after dropping about 80 bucks, I still left hungry.