They have a tasty vegetarian hoagie.. Not eating neat usually limits your options in conventional chains but I'm okay with ordering that here because it's tasty goodness .. And you get 5 stars from me when on multiple times you've delivered food at 2am to me and friends at the bar!! Gotta love that!!The food is great here.  I love the #5 (Vito) with hot peppers or the #13.  The service is quick and reasonably friendly.  The music is a touch loud for those who enjoy conversation, though.  Overall, though, it's a positive experience.
Also, they sell day-old rolls for $0.50.  These rolls are integral part of my cheese steak sandwich recipe, so... thanks, Jimmy John's.I really enjoy the sandwiches from JJ and they generally live up to their reputation for being freaky fast. On one occasion, however, it did take over an hour for my food to come so I had to cancel my order. Other than that though, it's not a bad choice  for quick good food.Way too overpriced for what it is, but tasty and convenient nonetheless. 9 bucks for an 8 inch, anemic sub, chips and drink? Gross. "Thinny Chips" will fool you into thinking they are healthy. 1 bag = 2 servings or 260 calories. "Low fat" Turkey Tom has 515 cals and a ton of fat from the mayo. Eek! Steer clear if you're looking for a healthy, tasty sub. Go to Subway for better choices and prices!Can't get over the rudeness I experienced today. As I was washing my hands in the restroom the manager, Peter (tall white guy with blondish hair) says rude things about me and my appearance, and teases me with his employees. I had just had a positive experience with the promoter outside of the store and I had a complete opposite experience inside the establishment. He is supposed to be a leader as the manager, but he makes rude jokes about a patron to his employees. Extremely unprofessional. I will not be returning to this location and I will advise others not to as well.The made my sandwich before telling me the price. He and the price of the town can you get me Waymore than I expected.Waaaaaaaaaaaaay better then Subway.
Freshly baked rolls are awesome. The only thing is this is a take on the classic Philadelphia Hoagie, not a classic Philadelphia hoagie...i.e. Primo's, but good none the less.If I could give zero stars I would. Normally great service but Friday night the "night shift"  got my order completely  wrong. I got home and called to inform them of their mistake. A number 9 no mayo no cheese no onions and the "manager" starts in on me as if it was my fault.  He went on a profanity laced tirade.  Never in my life have I experienced  anything like that.  I returned the sandwich  and got nothing but here you go. It was pretty bad.Great for the drunk and impatient. Just the right amount of carbs and extremely fast service.  My favorite thing is the 6 inch BLT!I grabbed a sandwich at JJ's the other day. It was decent, but nothing spectacular.
I had the 8" Italian on wheat bread. The ingredients were very fresh. I wish I would have known they didn't but mayo on it because I would have asked for some. Also, the dressing was on the light side. As good as the meat and bread tasted, I would have liked a little something to moisten it up some. Also, I wish instead of bread that they had a wheat hero option.
My other gripe is that chips are their only side item. In this day and age to not have a healthy option just doesn't make sense.
On the good side the service was good, the prices were chip, and it was a good sandwich, just lacking a few things that can easily be addressed.I really enjoy jimmy johns. My favorite is the Beach Club. Their sandwiches are always fresh, service is fast, and the employees that work that have always been really cool. And I love that they are open until 3am since I always like late night snacks.This place is the most horrendous sandwich in the world. Literally heaps of mayonnaise on top of low grade deli cuts. To top it all of, the worst bread ever.  They even have the nerve to sell day old bread. You couldn't pay me to eat this garbage. It doesn't get much worse than Jimmy Johns. Anyone who tells you otherwise is delirious.While I've had Jimmy John's on several occasions by now, I've never actually stopped in until last night. The place is branded in a really fun in-your-face kind of way that I think adds to the appeal.
As for the sandwiches, I've only had good experiences so far. Everything is fresh, service is fast, they're open late, prices are reasonable-- nothing mind-blowing here, but they don't get anything wrong which puts them ahead of most.I really really like Jimmy John's sandwiches!! The ingredients are sooo fresh and they use real hellman's mayonaisse! I always get the Turkey Tom but I have also sampled the Vegetarian which surprisingly... I liked!  The staff is really upbeat and your sandwich is made in less than three minutes...lol  JJ's is also pretty cheap, a sandwich is just about $5 which is hard to beat!I found nothing wrong with Jimmy John's, but I don't understand the love.  It was a very ordinary sandwich.  I got the sandwich because Hummus nearby was closed for labor day.  If I come back, it will be for a similar reason.  I would not go out of my way to avoid returning here, but nor would I go out of my way to get another sandwich.
My experience at the Locust Street location was similar.
Plusses: Cost was under $5, sandwich was delivered instantaneously.
Minuses: None.I actually work at the Radian (the building in which this Jimmy John's is located), so I've had my fair share of JJ sangwiches for lunch this year.  My fave is the #9 - the Italian Night Club.  
Being from Philly, there's this whole Hoagie vs. Sub debate going on, and I'd call the sandwiches at JJ's "Subs," not Hoagies.  There is nothing authentic about them in the true Hoagie sense of the word, but that doesn't stop them from being delicious.  They definitely hit the spot.  The bread is particularly delish, and makes our lobby smell nice in the mornings  :)
This is a chain, but these guys score big on presentation... very attractive shop for being such a tiny space, with cute signage and fun, gimicky logos everywhere.   And service is good... the people working in there are very nice and service is at lightning speed - Like I said, I go for lunch all the time, and it's basically never crowded, so I've never waited longer than 60 seconds for a sammy.  Don't know what it's like at night time, tho.
I'm actually going to miss having them so close, as Wednesday will be my last day working at the Radian.  They are what your standard lunch spot should be - clean, friendly, fast, cheap, and yummy.I love this Jimmy Johns. It's right by my work and they deliver! Their delivery should have a rating on its own! It's always so fast and they never mess up my order!
Their sandwiches, chips, and cookies are always amazing. I usually get the Vito or the Club Lulu. It's a great and easy way to get a quick lunch delivered to you on your busiest days! 
Overall, I would definitely recommend!Their food is mediocre at best and service terrible. I am very disappointed that my first experience at Jimmy John's is undoubtedly my last.They are fast, I cannot take that away from them.  With that said I'd rather they be good then fast.  Blandness and turkey loaf are the orders of the day.  I don't care if i have my sandwich in 90 seconds, I'm willing to wait up to 100 (maybe more!) for even a modicum more in quality.I heart Jimmy Johns and I like to think they heart me. 
I also heart a good value and efficient service so Jimmy Johns gets high marks. 
Their tuna salad sandwich (5/5 stars) helped me get through lent. The tuna itself is made with real mayo, fresh onions, and yummy stuff, and they put alfalfa sprouts in with it! I usually had a few slices of provolone to it. 
I also enjoy their Club Lulu (4/5 stars), and it isn't as stellar as their tuna, but has bacon in it... yum! I also ask to add cheese to this sandwich too since it doesn't regularly include it. 
Their bread is fresh, and the rolls are pretty soft and tasty. 
Oh, and their chips are nice and crispy too. 
They also have a customer appreciation card you can ask for- buy 10 sandwiches, get 1 free.Get to the Chase:
Pros:
1) SO AMAZING! Perfect service (quick, courteous, and very friendly...especially if you go there 2 times every day)...never messed up an order and always fresh ingredients
2) Make the bread themselves, which is never crunchy, stale or soggy like Subway's
3) Delicious combos! I can't suggest which one to get, cuz they're all amazing but definitely go 1 ft not half size 
Cons:
1) NONE
Don't know if they still do it, but they had a punch card as well where after the 7th sub you get 1 freeJimmy John's has freaky fast subs. How freaky fast? I made a mistake in a catering order. I needed 60 sandwitches. My caterer had the wrong day (which was my bad). I called Jimmy Johns, and they actually had all 60 delivered within 30 minutes of the order. That's freaky fast, and my event was saved.I worked at this store for a while, but I've been back many times to eat since. The food is consistently good, and inexpensive. If I want a good sandwich, this is my place to go. I can vouch for the freshness of the food, the bread is baked multiple times daily, the meat is sliced in store, and the veggies are fresh as well. The best part about this, and all JJ stores, is that they're super quick. You won't be waiting around for them to make your sandwich, it will be done VERY quickly.Fantastic service
Hoagies are so-so, but boy --
they sure bring 'em quick!
I needed to order lunch for a dozen people on short notice -- Jimmy Johns totally handled it, no problemo.I'd love to say this place is great, but they don't deliver where I live.  
Let me rephrase.... They said they delivered and when we called back with an order, they then told us they don't deliver.  
I'll bump this up a few stars if they ever manage to get a sandwich to my door.  Wouldn't be a big deal if it wasn't 1 am in the morning.I do love this chain! Since I'm from the Midwest, I've been enjoying JJ's subs for many years, but Philadelphia seems to have just recently warmed up to this crazy company. 
The service is always speedy, the restaurant is clean enough, and the subs are delicious. 
One tip: If you want a more filling sandwich, tell the sandwich pros that you want them to "Leave the bread in", otherwise they will rip out the insides so that you taste more of the fillings.
I've found that the prices vary, ie, the one here near campus is a little more expensive than the ones in Center City! Basically, the franchise is able to charge what they individually want. 
I definitely eat here frequently and don't intend to change.Work in University City and order from here pretty often.  The subs are good....not great but good. They are super fast with delivery. I mean, super fast. From the time I place my order, I start down the steps from my office and they are usually out front in minutes.  Here are my issues. The other day it took me longer than 3 minutes to get downstairs to retrieve my order. They called my office mates phone and she told them I was on the way. The delivery guy gave attitude because I wasn't there waiting for him. I have to point out, the delivery peeps aren't very happy or friendly. I'm sorry you have to ride your bike in freezing temps. Another issue...they regularly  forget something on my order . Over the last two weeks we ordered from them about 5 times ( I know, a little excessive). All 5 times something was left off the order. I love that they are that quick, but not at the expense of my order.  They need to work on that. One other issue....more meat in the sandwiches wound be a plus. Sometimes they are a little sparse. Overall, it's a quick, easy and descent lunch...but there is certainly room for improvement.What Philly "hoagie" place charges you for cheese?
What Philly "hoagie" place has no small cups for side condiments?
What Philly "hoagie" insists that THEY must place all your condiments ON the sandwich--that they can't even put them on the side in the wrapper--and the condiments must be put on the whole sandwich not on half.
Welcome to Jimmy John's University City !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Glorified Subway--no better.
Music is blasting so loud the order-taker couldn't even hear what we wanted-didn't matter anyway-cause they were gonna do what they wanted to do on my hoagie!
ONLY thing keeping them in business is they have a captive audience from the hospitals.3925 walnut  st location has yummy bean sprouts 
 .i'm spreading the word  sandwich was delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Jimmy John's always sounds good in theory but is fairly boring in practice.  I wish they had more vegetable options for the hoagies.  Service was quick.  Just nothing too exceptional to say beyond that.Great subs, but they don't have consistency in their "policies". I ordered delivery from JJ twice and there has never been a problem. Now they said that they can't go past 44th Street when I live on the corner! So I said fine can you meet me at 44th and Chestnut and he goes yea sure! Asks me my name and number and then out of nowhere he said sorry we can't deliver there. Come on don't get my hopes up and then bring it back down. Very disappointedJimmy John's is a solid choice if you want a good sub. Definitely a hospital favorite, at least from what I see in the the ED. 
The sandwiches won't leave you stuffed, but they are good size, the ingredients are all fresh, and it is relatively cheap compared to other places. Staff is friendly and very efficient too. 
Pepe: Nothing too crazy here...this one is like a better-than-average ham and cheese, which is made better x2 with the addition of bacon.
Totally tuna: I'm not usually a fan of tuna, but it was fresh, tasty, and I enjoyed the "tasty sauce." The slices of cucumber switch things up a bit and also added a nice touch and crunch. Unless you have your toothbrush, a bottle of Listerine to gargle with, and three packs of gum, tell them to hold the onions because they go all out on this one. 
TURKEY TOM: More like turkey nom. Quality turkey, lettuce, tomato, mayo. Great option.Definitely a freaky fast Jimmy John's.
I walked in, ordered a Bootlegger Club, and walked out the door with it in less than a minute.
Granted, I was the only customer there, but still...that's fast.
Convenient location for Penn students as well.
Double the awesome.My friend lives at the apartment complex where Jimmy John's is located because She is at Penn.  I tried their Turkey Tom with their vinegar chips. First, they were prepared very fast.  Second, the cold hoagie was actually pretty good. In my opinion, they were definitely better than Subway or Wawa's hoagies. It seems the dough feels more firm and chewy than other typical hogies. Hoagie is pretty thick with enough meats and veggies. Lastly, the prices were very reasonable.  If I have to eat lunch very fast, I would definitely try here one more time.Running errands today and needed a quick bite to eat- and I just moved to Philly from AZ so I knew Jimmy Johns would be fast. Ordered the #1 Pepe and had it handed to me before I finished paying. In my opinion, the bread is what makes a sandwich, and the French bread was amazing at this location. So soft and perfectly baked! After talking with the employees, found out they were under new management since about a week ago and seems like they are really out to make a great impression. Big plus, they'll deliver right to my house!  I recommend calling to see if you're in their delivery zone though.I love this place. I live about two blocks away and Jimmy John's makes for a great snack (or meal) for under five dollars.
I've gotten the #2 Big John (roast beef) and the J.J. BLT. The roast beef sandwich was fantastic! It could've used some black pepper, but otherwise it was spot on. I love the bread here and the general freshness of the ingredients. The BLT was also great - they're pretty generous with the bacon, which is, of course, the best part.
The space is also fun; I love the funny signs up on the walls. It gives you something to look at when you're trying to avoid awkward silences with the person you're with...not speaking from experience. The staff was funny. It's a pretty good location to put a sandwich/hoagie/sub store - within a student apartment-type complex, next to a Capogiro's, on a college campus.
Next up on the list to try: #4 Turkey Tom and #6 Vegetarian (my friend swears by it).This jimmy johns took 40 minutes to deliver. I also found a hair in my sandwich and they forgot my chips. Soooo....great subs. better prices. 
alot of people dont understand that JJ's isnt subway or wawa.  they have a fairly set menu.  you can take some things off or add some things to your sandwiches but its not a build your own sandwich place.  this however, isnt a bad thing since they've done a good job of building an extensive list of hoagies for you to order.  
the bread is always awesome.  i can understand that some people might complain about the amount of meat on the sandwich, but i think most people would agree that a smaller amount of good quality lunch meat is better than a pound of crap lunch meat.  i mean seriously, if anyone is comparing the quality of JJ's to wawa or subway they are kidding themselves.  
the prices are awesome and the speed in which you get the sandwich is oddly fast.Jimmy John's is so bad that if one of my friends mentioned to me that it was "pretty awesome", I'd assume they were being sarcastic. The sandwich bread is bad, and the cold cuts all taste the same. It does earn the honor of being "cheap" and "open late at night", but it's confusing to me why people go here when decent restaurants are so close! 
On the plus side, they are always very quick with sandwiches and the people behind the counter at this location are extremely nice.Good, solid menu with reasonable flexibility. Cheap but fast, courteous service. Even their sides are pretty well done as well (chips, cookies, etc)
Four stars for being open late, but three because I never feel full after eating the sandwiches...#5 Vito - really good clean italian sandwich.Bad experience.  The people working seemed wholly uninterested in providing good service.  Honestly, it doesn't seem that hard to read what's on a paper and then put that in a sandwich.  3 of the 4 subs we ordered came wrong, including one not having cheese that we paid extra for.  I was trying to tell the person making the sub to include certain items that she was just ignoring, but she was not interested.  They seem more concerned with getting things done fast (and wrong) than providing any kind of customer service.  And on top of all that, the food is bland.Apparently they CAN screw up a simple sandwich order even with not a single person besides you in the store, lunchtime on a Tuesday. I guess that should have been my tip off to go elsewhere as well. Staff too busy discussing PlayStation to also be expected to follow protocol.Have always had good experiences with Jimmy John's in the past. Went to this location tonight at 9:03pm and walked in with my Fiancée. As we were looking at the menu, the register employee was counting his drawer and rudely snapped, "don't bother looking, we closed at 9:00 since students are out of town." WTF! 1) your door was not locked. 2) you are not a university cafeteria, you are a restaurant and franchised business with set hours of operation. 3) if you are going to change your hours, a simple note on the door would be a good first step to preventing customers from expecting you to be open. 4) when a customer comes in three minutes after your arbitrary closing time as a result of no posted sign and the doors being unlocked, I suggest being polite and professional.
You may be near my home, and I may enjoy your sandwiches, but you just lost the business of two non-students who would buy from you on a regular basis, year round.I never thought I'd love a chain sandwich restaurant, but hands down this place is better than any sandwich chain! How can you not love a place that boldly states: "We'd love to see you NAKED, but state regulations require shoes and shirts!" Ginchy and great! This place is close to work and I have a feeling my coworkers and I will be O.D.ing on the sandwiches!! 
The food is pretty tasty, too. I got the Beach Club (#12) on their 7-grain bread. It was fantastic! The avocado spread was perfect. The bread was thick and full of grainy goodness. The staff is pretty kick ass too - funny, witty, and very friendly. Go for the sandwiches, stay for the cookies!!Had a terrible sandwich from another shop...called up Jimmy Johns and they delivered in 7 minuets!
Love this place...Jimmy Johns is always there when I need them.  They deliver to my office (which is not easy to find).  I've tried most of the sandwiches and they are all delicious.  Friendly and super fast they are a terrific staple in University City.This Jimmy Johns is the same as all the others, but I give it five stars on account of its being open super late. There's nothing like grabbing a great sandwich when it's late and you're feeling effervescent from a fun night out. And it's super convenient to most of Penn's campus, so that's a plus as well.Seriously jimmy johns? Literally 1 slice of salami, cappicola is non existent and 1 slide of provolone? Service was quick and the bread was good. There you go, a star for each.Finding out about Jimmy John's delivery was a HUGE game changer. Since learning about it two weeks ago, I've already ordered delivery 3 times. I'm always stunned by how quickly it comes (often in less than 10 minutes)!!
The subs are delicious, but the pickles are the main reason I keep coming back. I truly have yet to find anywhere with better and bigger pickles. They also sell buckets of them, which is wonderful but dangerous. They're so good I can't trust myself not to eat them all in one sitting!
The staff is exceptionally friendly. I've never had such great conversations with servers at other fast food joints!They put very little meat whether it be lunch meat or tuna on their sandwiches and it's not worth the price they will be shutting down soon I'm sure and the food isn't even that good the only thing that's somewhat good is the roll and the stupid delivery guy act like he couldn't come an extra block I even tipped his ass pretty good.if you made better sandwiches and I wouldn't mind giving out a good tip each time oh well university needs to open up old Nelson's and close them downThe new owner and his buddy are fantastic. They made a very college town corner feel like a neighborhood.  Just real good people. I get that their sandwiches are simple, and still I loved their veggie sandwich. When I want no fuss food I'm going to come here. I wish them all the success in this new endeavor of theirs!It was late in the evening, around midnight or so. I had been working hard, representing Yelp at an event at the Rotunda, and once again forgot to eat. Seeing as how it was past my bedtime, I was just going to wait till I got home and then scarf down a bowl of cereal, but my tummy wasn't on board with that decision. Luckily, I saw the welcoming beacon of Jimmy John's, and eagerly went inside to place my order.
I'm a traditionalist when it comes to my sammies, so I went with my standard ham & cheese with lettuce, tomato, vinegar and mayo. It's pretty hard to mess this combo up, which is probably one of the reasons I love it so. I ordered it up with the friendly counterpeople and moved to the side to wait for it. During this time, another customer walked up and asked what the alfalfa sprouts were. The staff tried to explain it to her, but in my sleepy state, I decided to take it upon myself to give her the scoop. "Sprouts look like hair," I told her. "And they taste like grass." Have you ever said something you didn't mean to say and at the same time, see the words coming out of your mouth, unable to grab them back? That's exactly what this was like. Everyone in a five foot radius stared at me. Amazingly, that was also the exact moment my sandwich was ready, so I took it and slunk out of the shop.
Driving home, still pink-cheeked from my sprouts lesson, I ate the hell out of one half of the sandwich. The bread was kinda stale and the taste was very meh. By this time, though, I could barely hold my eyes open and my hunger had almost passed. Not the best culinary experience, but I did embarrass myself in public again, and as we all know, that's priceless.I obtained the Vito and asked for Hot peppers (Extra charge). Once I paid the ten big ones for it, I filled up my own drink and had a seat at a high table with bar stools. 
Once I unwrapped the sandwich, I was looking for the other half, could it be that the person behind the counter didn't wrap half of my sandwich in the wrap? No, I was mistaken, the sandwich was just that small. 
If it wasn't for all the wonderfully places signs throughout the place, I don't think I would ever step foot in this place again. 
I understand that given the location, across the street from University of Penn, any type of food place would do good, but come-on! Were is the quality & quantity people! 
I would not touch this place with a 10 foot pole! 
~The 10 rules of Warren Buffet was the best!Walked in this office thinking I would get a $ 1.00 sandwich for customer appreciation day and was told off by the manager and kicked out the store. The cops were called and report sent to Corp Offices. I'm home and still upset and hungry. The owner/ manager was rude even pulled his phone out to record me. I hope this location is fine or taken out of business before someone gets hurt! Waiting for corporate to call back.Every time I stop in here the staff is welcoming and ready to go. I am in and out very quickly and ingredients are always fresh. They also helped me with a last minute catering order for 50 people! It was fresh and right on time. I will for sure be back! Make sure to sign up for jimmy rewards for free stuff! I will be back.  Also, the GM is extremely good looking and a breath of fresh air. Come for the speedy delivery / freshness , stay for the hotties that work there.I am vegetarian so I only ever get the one with guac and cheese, but it's fantastic. Fast too.
Best secret that isn't a secret: you can buy an entire loaf of day-old bread for 50 cents or a freshly baked one for $2.70. Go ham!Always super quick, but taste wasn't great. I got a JJBLT and customized the heck out of it to add extra flavors and seasoning, but it still just tasted like watery lettuce and fatty, weird bacon. Got the giant too, which was new but just an extra few inches of meh. Good for a quick bite with crunchy veg, but you need to put cheese on it for it to have any real flavor at all. 
Came back for a JJBLT near closing time and found some super friendly staff that put some extra love into my giant sandwich for me. It was loaded and lasted me 2.5 meals, which made me happy! So bumping it up a star because I enjoyed it!I prefer toasted sandwiches, but somehow I can't get enough of Jimmy John's veggie club (no sprouts or tomatoes).
The mayo is a good addition, love that guac spread, and the bread.. THE BREAD. Having good bread that can stand on it's own is not an easy feat in the hoagie and cheesesteak capital of the world.Always a hit.  I was visiting in the hospital and they were located a few blocks away.  I ordered and my sandwich was delivered "freaky fast" "freaky fresh"!!  I love Jimmy John's.  I always order the regular Turkey Tom with extra meat and peppers.  I love the peppers.  They make the sandwich!!The food is fresh and it is clean. However, Boring sandwich menu and rather limited selections. 
The sandwiches have very little meat and are seriously bland. Too expensive for plain. Now if it were "Gourmet" it mig
ht be worth it. LolOnce again JJ has failed me...if your website says you're open until 11...then be open until 11! Don't give me an attitude because I called and you guys decided to close because you felt like it.Jimmy johns has never been my favorite but this particular location is AMAZING. bread, veggies and cookies always seem to be extremely fresh. The sandwiches come out fast and are reasonably priced. the Managers of this place know what they are doing and they take time to genuinely care about their customers and make things right!!! Will be the only jimmy johns I go to! woohoo!Always super quick, but taste wasn't great. I got a JJBLT and customized the heck out of it to add extra flavors and seasoning, but it still just tasted like watery lettuce and fatty, weird bacon. Got the giant too, which was new but just an extra few inches of meh. Good for a quick bite with crunchy veg, but you need to put cheese on it for it to have any real flavor at all.Love jimmy johns that have sprouts! Dope sandwiches served up fast. Very tasty and light. My fave is the Vito.This place is a joke,If you have no taste buds this is a please sandwich is more bread then anything more lettuce than bread. Total crapJimmy John's is only acceptable in the following situations:
1. It is late at night and nothing else is open and you're next to Jimmy John's when the weather turns dangerous and you have to take refuge within the establishment because trying to brave the snow is suicidal and you know that every cab will be filled and you're stuck there and you're extremely hungry and you need the food very quickly because you're impatient and/or currently have low blood sugar and will suffer serious health complications if you don't eat immediately.
end of list.
I've eaten at Jimmy John's 3 times.  I've tried to give their sandwiches some fair shots.  Each sandwich I've eaten there was so unmemorable that I cannot give any specific descriptions in this review.  
I'll give it to them that they are extremely fast and it is cool to get my sandwich only a few seconds after I get my change, but their sandwiches just have no appeal to me.  It tastes like bottom-rung deli meat with cheap bread.  
This establishment could improve by upping the meat quality and increasing their spread selection.  Some honey mustard spread, for example, would help.Jimmy John's is a chain hoagie shop.  They have hoagies and club sandwiches, chips, cookies, and drinks.  Unlike some of their competitors, they do NOT toast their sandwiches at all.  Their menu is OK, and they have what you'd expect at a hoagie shop:  ham, turkey, roast beef, tuna, veggie, etc.  They use a french style roll, which I do enjoy since it's somewhat soft with just a bit of firmness to the outside.  They pride themselves on both rapid delivery and rapid sandwich creation when you order in the store.  In most cases, from the time you place the order and pay until the time you get your sandwich, a scant 60 seconds or so have passed.  It's not as fast as Pat's Steaks, but still very fast.  
Overall, I like the place, and it's one of those things you crave once in awhile, but not something that I'd go out of my way to get.  I think they could put more meat in their sandwiches; I find it to be a bit on the light side, unless you get one of their specialty overstuffed options.  They have fewer options than a chain like Subway, but I think a bit better product.  Their offerings don't have the depth that Potbelly does, nor options like milkshakes.  
Overall, not a bad place if you're looking for a reasonably priced no-frills hoagie in a flash.So today was my first time ever eating jimmy johns. they are open til 3 am which is good for me when i am close by with the munchies. I had the #3 totally tuna sub and it was OK I guess. I had asked the kid over the phone that I had not eaten here before and what he would recommend. He was not helpful at all, he said, "I don't know what you like"..... its like, say what U freaking like, don't tell me how you don't know about  my preference in tastes, I obviously know that. Service there could be more professional but the delivery was fast and the food was OK.Decent place for subs and not too expensive. It's quick, and the people are friendly. A big plus is that it's open pretty late (especially beneficial during finals and Fling). I wouldn't say it's the best sub I've ever had, but it does the job.I think if the bread which by the way is delightful, we're about 25% less dense the sandwich would actually be really good.
But when you only put one slice of each meat and cheese that goes on any of their sandwiches, it's pretty hard to taste anything other than bread.
Same goes with the lettuce. It was shredded so finely that it reminded me of confetti. 
I'm not saying the sandwich was bad I'm just saying I couldn't taste any meat.This place is so dirty . All the employees are just standing there idle and not doing anything about the filth.A reasonably priced and quick meal. I enjoy going to this Jimmy Johns and ordering delivery. Like other location, this is very quick and good quality. Especially in the schooling environment, it really helps when you are on the go. 
The location of this Jimmy John's is right in a busy Upenn hub. Surrounded by many other food places. It is easy to find and a fairly large place. Seating is good and it is good for studying as it doesn't get too loud. 
The staff are always very friendly and will greet you as you enter. They are extremely efficient, as your order can be created in a few seconds. This allows you to pay and be on your way. 
This is also a more healthy option since many of the places nearby are fast food or will take longer to prepare your food. 
Food is always great no matter what is ordered. There is never too much or too little and the cookies and chips are fire! 
This place is definitely the move if you are looking for quick, tasty, and more nutritious options if you are in the UCity area.The only Jimmy John's I had ever been to before the one at 11th and Locust was the one on Temple's campus, and even then I was amazed that subs could be made in as fast as 30 seconds.  This location lived up to their slogan--FREAKY FAST! as my usual, the turkey slim with cheese, was out in 30 seconds (or possibly less)!  The only thing that turned me off when I walked in was the sign that said "No Hippies Allowed."  Seriously?  I don't remember seeing that sign at the Temple location!  What's more, this one is on Jefferson's campus so do they think they won't expect to see any hippie medical students?  I'm sure there are some out there...I honestly don't know why this place exists, the hoagies are nothing special, very boring if you ask me. The bread is bland and soft, no texture, the turkey is flavorless. So disappointed, this sandwich tastes like it came from a cafeteria, I feel like the sandwiches were meant for children because there is absolutely no flavor to this sandwich. I'm sticking my Primos! Go to Primos, don't waste your money there.best sandwiches ever.  super fast, great bread, good prices, friendly service.My wife and I stopped in before a play at the Walnut Street Theater.  It is close and inexpensive.  We ate for less than $20 and the sandwich was good (we shared).  The #5 Vito sandwich was good.  It is not french bread that it is on but a flat white bread.  The  meat and vegetables were fresh and tasty.  Overall not bad but nothing to get worked up about.walk in .. unnamed accomplice asks Jimmy john worker " can I drink this in here "? ( this being a can of four loko) Jimmy john worker " yeah " .. umm NICE!
The guys were friendly, and joked with us all while making me a veggie "unwich" with extra sprouts and extra guac :D I AM PLEASED! 
nothing is better than super friendly food service people who let you drink alcohol in their establishment!Bland bread, unfriendly staff, absolutely basic sandwich. Nothing special. SKIP THIS PLACE. Free smells?  Should be more like... free passes to adequate restaurants with good food. The food here is awful. Skip.Only thinking about the chain sub places, Jimmy Johns is a good bet. 
I do like the fact these subs are fresh and the veggies are crisp. 
Employees at this location tend to be super nice EXCEPT for two individuals who work on  Saturday nights who need a severe attitude adjustment fast. I went in there tonight and I was surprised by the attitude, as I have always encountered Jimmy John employees to be nice and sweet as apple pie.
So from now on I'll just be hitting up other locations.Food priced average, but the bread is always dry, the bacon near raw, and I cant tell a difference between this as Quiznos. It exists, but I avoid it.While it sounded good, the sandwich was below ordinary.
Fresh baked FRENCH roll -- you've got to be kidding me!
I will not eat there again.Jimmy John's Gourmet Veggie Club is okay. I like that it has an avocado spread and alfalfa sprouts. But it doesn't really offer any protein. To me, the better option is going to Subway for their Veggie Patty sub.A 10-minute walk from the office, so for a cheap freakishly fast lunch, you can't beat it.  Literally, from the moment I ordered the sandwich to paying for it and then walking 8 steps to get my drink, the sandwich was done and made exactly as how I asked it.  Sandwich was about $8.
PRO TIP: Do ask them to cut the sandwich in half. Less messy and you don't look like an animal shoving food into your mouth.Best. Subs. Ever. Lots of options. Super fresh. And cheap!!!!I went with a friend to try this place out. We picked it on a whim while we were passing by and we were both so happy we did! The bread was fresh, the ingredients delicious, and everything was made barely a moment after we finished paying! Loved it, 10/10, would recommend. Also great pricing!I've been here twice. First time, I requested for mayo in my sub but the robotic guy making it wouldn't put mayo in it when I requested it because "this sub doesn't come with mayo". Uh, yeah it does if I want mine to come with it. Second time, they forgot to put turkey in my sub. I had already driven back to work when I discovered my sub only had lettuce, cucumber and tomato. This place needs better trained employees because the food tastes good. I won't be back though. There are so many other great options in center city!They brought free samples into my work today and I took the Vegetarian, which is provolone with an avocado spread, and alfalfa sprouts & tomato & cucumber slices. It was delicious!! Only thing is, next time I would definitely get it without mayo, just made it taste kinda cheap. But looking at the menu they gave me, it seems like the price is pretty good for what you get!I love the location of this place. It's near everything. The sandwiches are great. I'd rather eat here than any other place on Market Street - or Blimpie's.My company placed a large order with this location through the online system for lunch. The order had 2 inconsistencies which we promptly called to make arrangements to have fixed. The woman in charge that day did not seem very friendly or accommodating which didn't make me feel good about receiving replacement sandwiches. Mistakes happen which is perfectly okay, but the way in which mistakes are handled should be dealt with in a more polite manner.I know Jimmy John's is a chain and yet I still like it.  The one on the corner of 11th and Locust is especially friendly and clean and attractive inside.  The subs are fairly priced and varied.  Quality is very decent.  Service is quick.  This is a chain sandwich joint that def works for me.
Only negative - you pay extra for hot peppers that to be honest aren't very hot and are barely noticeable in a sandwich.  If I'm taking my sub home to eat, I add my own peppers that actually have a bit of heat.I found a finger nail in my sandwich and they refused to believe me.
Do I need to say anything else?
Eat at this disgusting place at your own risk.I love ordering from jimmy John's but I am growing frustration towards the 11th street store. They seem to have an inconsistency on if they're "allowed" to deliver to my 17th and walnut street address or not. Sometimes I am turned away but twice last week they delivered here. The kind gentleman on the phone told me it depends on the manager, which is not fair to the client. If you are not delivering to my location, ALL of your employees should be telling my staff this. Today I was told I cannot get a delivery here, however after telling the gentleman twice last week they delivered here and one of those times my order was wrong , he then decided to deliver here as per his manager. Please fix your communication with management.I had the best sandwiched fresh and nice better 100% than subway i had the sandwich i enjoy it so much so yes this is the one of the places i will go too :-)OMG I am in love with this place. I work in Center City and often times am unable to leave my office to grab lunch. So when I saw that they deliver and the only minimum was a sandwich, well I was over the moon. Plus the fact that their subs were awesome made it that much better. Everyone was so friendly.yes, i know it's somewhat frowned upon to review a chain. but the first time i had jimmy john's, i realized i had been missing out. you see, i decided a while ago that i don't particularly care for cold cuts. we used to get along just fine, but sometime after my stint as a vegetarian ended i never got the taste for hoagies back.
that was, until.. the VITO. the bread here is made in house, it's so fresh, and the staff have always been friendly to me. they made a believer out of me despite my resistance.
oh, and sweet 90s music in here! i like.My friend in Chicago smartly pointed me to this sandwich joint, which is stupidly close to where I live and work. I'm in trouble- the aroma of the bread when you first walk in is intoxicating. Combine lightning fast sandwich assembly plus friendly staff, a delicious sandwich in my hand, all at amazing prices, and you finally have me turning away from the comfort of Wawa hoagies. 
On speed- seriously, I barely had time to mentally process my order and they'd already made it. But maybe the speed was enhanced by my delirious hangry state. 
Next time, I'll ask to double the tomatoes and lettuce on the Vegetarian sub. Definitely will keep the bacon+.I've loved Jimmy John's for years. A college staple in the midwest. 
Best bread on a sub ever and 49 cents for a loaf of day-old is still a great deal. The place can feel a little kitsch, but for me it's all about the food.
And they usually live up to their motto: "Subs so fast you'll freak." They can usually knock out a great sub in seconds. It makes going to Subway and Quiznos (ugh) feel like an eternity.
Remember to ask for mayo/mustard packets if you grab a barebones "Slim" sandwichFor a secret menu option, say "LBI" if you get a sub. And they have a frequent sub card (11th sub/club free).
A huge bonus for me is that they take credit cards and they deliver.We went to the new jimmy johns in Glassboro. Big mistake, could have eaten at wawa or subway and gotten way better food. Silly me thinking gourmet really meant something special not just lunch meat on a hoagie roll. Not real difficult to make a sandwich like that in a few seconds. Not a fan won't go back nothing I can't make in my own kitchen for half the price.I'd only been to one other Jimmy John's and that was years ago so can't compare but I was quite favorably impressed with this experience.
Friendly staff. My club sandwich was complete before I paid for my combo meal (chips and soda). Chips were tasty as was the sandwich and sizeable. Clean facility. Some quirky, amusing signage.
I wouldn't hesitate to stop in again.In typical Jimmy Johns fashion, this one serves up cheap, lightning-fast sandwiches that are both predictable and tasty. It also happens to be near my apartment, which is a big plus. They aren't open terribly late, which is the one downside.i don't care that it's a chain, their sandwiches are so amazing i make it a point to get them every time i am in the vicinity of a store. man, i seriously wish they were in nor cal. anyone who looks down on these sandwiches are taking them for granted! they are a million times better than subway/quiznos/togos/etc and way better priced. this particular spot had a really great staff. they were friendly and helpful.I ordered online from this company and because they do not have added security for CC purchased my CC number was stolen online and almost $2,000 was stolen from my bank account. It happens, but when I reached out to JJ they replied that it wasn't their fault and "I should download an anti virus in my PC." I have a MAC Book Pro. 
I run a business around the corner and everyone in my st orders from them.  No one will order from them again!!They have a pretty good vegetarian sandwich, which can be vegan if it is sans dairy.  It's only $4.50, so it's a good deal if you just need a quick sandwich that is cheap.  They deliver pretty fast too.  The ingredients seemed fresh.Been here a bunch of times, ordered here only a few of those times. My gf bought a cookie and left it there, she went back and told the staff, they looked blankly at her. She left. No cookie. The sandwiches here are really not my thing, I avoid going here to keep from dying just that little bit more...Forget for a moment that this place has pretty good sandwiches (numbers 12, 14, 16, so on). To make it particularly delicious, specify that you want wheat bread and they will use this delightful wheat bread that has a nutty quality and flavor to it (insert sexual innuendo here).
Forget about the freshness of the ingredients used in the aforementioned sandwiches.
Forget about the friendly employees who make your sandwiches with a smile, and make even simple statements like "you're welcome!" seem very genuine.
Many restaurants do the above mentioned things. But how many restaurants also have loaves of bread on sale (which were baked just the day before) for 49 cents? If you go early enough in the day, you can get yourself a fresh loaf of bread that will easily serve as a meal (with the appropriate fixins') for two separate occasions.
I've discovered that I can score major points with my girlfriend when I surprise her with a Beach Club (on wheat) from Jimmy John's every once in a while. How great is that? I score points and it only costs me something like $6. Don't tell her I said that...
Anyone who dislikes Jimmy John's is most likely a jerk.Fastest delivery ever 12 minutes from telephone order to delivery of sandwich in a building!  No delivery fee. Quality of ham was fine, very very thin slices of cheese (provolone) bread is mediocre not great hoagie bread but for $5 consider it ok.Quick, easy lunch in no time at all.  You are in and out of this place in five minutes, and when you're running from a busy work place just to pick up lunch so you can run your a$$ back to that lunch place to get right back to work--this is a place you should go to.
The bread is pretty tasty, the staff is friendly, and the sandwiches are good.  I am partial to the 'Beach Club' sandwich, and have had a few BLT's as well.  
I'll def go back.Sometimes my room mate and I would go to the Jimmy John's on 17th off of Chestnut but we stopped going after the veggies (esp. the tomatoes seemed to be less then fresh). But my bf worked shortly at another Jimmy Johns so we decided to grab a quick sandwich at this location. I got my usual, the beach club and he got the vito, which i believe is something akin to an italian hoagie. Several things are lacking, first of all, the place was packed with employees, maybe 6 to 8 behind the small counter, standing there watching us eat, a bit overkill (maybe they expected a rush?), and second they don't have sweet peppers, which is my favorite addition to an italian hoagie. I'd go back when I need a quick sandwich, but it's not my first choice.All of a sudden, I am craving a beach club sandwich :-P
I declared my #1 sandwich place for a power work lunch yesterday.  Inspiration?  At, oh, 10-10:30 in the MORNING, the Kimmel Cancer Center staff was treated to samples of Jimmy John's sandwiches by two very friendly and upbeat (for a Monday!) jj reps :-) : "hey, do you want a sandwich?" --- and I was sitting in the lounge area, looking like I had the Monday blues, mind you.  A bite of the Turkey Tom, and I was reminded of how wonderful that Beach Club sandwich was (the only difference between the two sandwiches is the additional ingredient of avocado in the Beach Club, fancy fancy).  
Don't be discouraged by the price if it's your first time at Jimmy John's on 11th and Walnut.  You need to try one, plus their huge helping of pickles.  It's just THAT good :-)I was not going to write about this, but when I saw the review from "J.B." on 4/9/15, and realized that the exact same situation had happened to me, I decided to write it.
  The food is not the issue - its good hoagie-type sandwiches, made to order.  The problem is I had an identical experience to J.B. with regard to credit card theft.   While I could not PROVE it happened there, here is why I am certain it did:  I was out of the city for 6 weeks.  I returned home on March 16.  I used my credit card TWO times between March 16 and March 17, once at my super market and once at JimmyJohns.  That afternoon I got the dreaded "fraud call" from my credit card company.  There were 3 bogus charges, all in the suburban Philadelphia area.  While I suppose it could have been stolen on line and just by random chance was used in this area, the odds are against it.  I stopped in to JimmyJohn's the following week to discuss it  and the woman who identified herself at the manager couldn't care less.  Not the least bit interested.  
  There's a serious issue here with regard to the people who work there and credit card theft, and the company should address it.  Meanwhile, customers be warned!Fast, friendly, fresh and cheap. Was craving for roast beef.. so I ordered big john sandwich. The meat, the veggies and the mayo.. they get along so good. A good portion with cheap price. Definitely a good alternative to subway or quiznos.
Make me hungry all the sudden as I type this.. D:
Going to try their totally tuna next time..I love this place and I lunch from here 2-3 times a week.  It's one of the best vegetarian sandwiches (number 13 all the way!) that I've been able to find in the city.  The food is low-cost, fresh, and is ready before I can check in on FourSquare.  Today I tried their delivery for the second time and my order that was confirmed by e-mail at 11:24 was in my hands by 11:32.
The people working there have been extremely pleasant in my opinion.  They usually remember my order (I ALWAYS get the number 13), joke with me if I'm not in for a few days, and are just generally nice people.
One last thing: bring your business card.  The drawing for free lunch for your office is real, and I won it last month.  They gave me enough sandwiches to feed my department and even made a separate veggie sandwich for me so it wouldn't be smeared with turkey and roast beef.  The deliver guy wouldn't even accept a tip for this delivery.
Overall, This is my hands-down favorite lunch spot.I like this Jimmy John's.  I can get my consistently good #6 vegetarian from JJ's anywhere since they're all the same.  BUT, this one is good because the employees are above average nice.   
Once this particular Jimmy John's delivered me a sandwich in 5 and a half minutes.  This is not a lie.   I couldn't have walked downstairs, taken everything out of the refrigerator, put it on bread, and put it away by the time this dude showed up on his fixed gear with a sweet mustache with my sandwich.  Now I'm upset if it takes 10 minutes.  Spoiled.
The only thing I hate about Jimmy John's is the sign "Free Smells."  Stupid.Jimmy John's is, simply, wonderful. The staff here are incredibly friendly and I love how they get so excited whenever anyone orders a pickle. Even at lunchtime when they are the most crowded, they always make their good quickly and get the line down. 
Not to be forgotten is the unwich--all the deliciousness of the sandwich and at least 1/2 off from the calories. That being said, the bread is delicious and I will often get day olds from here for only $0.49 if I need a baguette for something.I can't believe I haven't written a review for Jimmy John's yet! It is just blowing my mind!
I get Jimmy John's at least once a week for my lunch at work. They must be sandwich magicians over there because I will literally pick up the phone, order, and POOF! Within 5 minutes the food is here, every time. Seriously...I have never waited more than 5 mins for my food. I am in love with them.
Go to: #9 Italian hoagie with added hot pepper and a side of bbq chips. Their bread is out of this world and the chips are extra crispy.
Feeling healthy? No problem! Get your favorite sandwich on a lettuce wrap instead of a hoagie roll.
Go Jimmy John's! I am a fan!It's your standard Jimmy Johns experience. The service was quick and nice however my sandwich (veggie) was very low on vegetables. If I'm paying $7+ for a tiny sandwich I'd appreciate more than a few pieces of vegetables. However I will probably return if I ever crave Jimmy Johns!Preclosed early... walked in and they just stared at us. I asked what time they closed, as everything is advertised as 10 pm close time, and the girl working whispered "10." I asked again because no one else spoke up or even acknowledged my existence and the man said 9:30. I'm extremely upset. The group of us who walked in have no problem taking our business elsewhere--what a shame since it was our favorites. Unacceptable.It's a hit or miss with this particular location. Meaning: based on the day, time of the day, etc will dictate the kind of service you receive. I've gone to this location for a year and probably won't go anymore, especially since you can go to Lee's Hoagies down the block and spend the same amount for more substantial food quantities. 
As stated: the customer service isn't the best, but if you don't mind the staff gossiping to each other, goofing off and some eye rolls, you'll be fine. 
Their hours of operations aren't finite. So if you're running to get a hoagie 30 min before closing time, be advised that on multiple occasions the night shift manager has closed the establishment early. So place your order ahead of time or just go to wawa.Updating my review. Still one star. First time I went I found something in my sandwich. I decided to give them another shot. Second time I went they literally jumped on my case for taking MY receipt. Apparently they have some sort of system here where you're not allowed to have your own damn receipt. They keep them to make your order but there's no possible way you could know that  if you don't frequent this spot. Needless to say I'm done for good. Subway for me.It's not a bad sandwich but if you're going to eat this why not get a juicy sandwich from subway? Probably the same meats..(jimmy johns guy: no it's not the same meats, subway is plastic" ok jimmy john, whatever you say bro.....We know Jimmy Johns isn't a legit deli. You know who buys from Jimmy Johns? The same people who eat Pizza Hut and Little Caesars. Do yourself a favor, get a bit of class and order from a legit sandwich shop. Spend the extra buck and how bout not eat a fake meat sandy? does that sound good?  want to not ruin your body? quit eating little caesars, quit eating pizza hut, quit eating jimmy johns jimmy. My friend ordered delivery and it came QUICK though, so props for fast delivery.You know something must be good when it creates repeat customers - like my bf. He loves hoagies. Loves 'em more than any other food. The boy could live off of them for the rest of his life and be happy. So he's always on the lookout for better hoagies, and finally he ended up at Jimmy John's one night when he needed a late munch. Next thing I knew, he was dropping over there on weekends for lunch, ordering in after a LOOOONG day/evening in lab - and all for Jimmy John's sandwiches. 
They're not his absolute favorite (or amongst the runners-up), but they are a no-fail sandwich place, pretty much open whenever he's hungry (which can be any time of day). He'll even choose them over Wawa, his childhood hoagie/snack stop that I thought he'd never give up. He especially loves the speed at which they construct their hoagies because then he gets to eat them faster ;) The staff here seems like their college student aged, and they're really nice - one time their cash register kept breaking down whenever they tried to charge cards, and they were so apologetic about it I wanted to give them a hug and say its okay. But I can only imagine what its like during the school year around lunch time...First time eating here & it was a great experience. I had a free sub card from awhile ago so I decided why not give it a try! I ordered the #6 veggie club and boy was it good! I thought it wouldn't fill me up but good gracious it did. 
Their roll is so fresh and soft which made my sandwich that much better. The staff was friendly and I love the fact that the change their gloves after making every sandwich. It's not like a freakin assembly line like they do at subway. Well done Jimmy John's you've earned a new customer !Always amazing subs - the bread does it for me each time. I love the avocado spread and it's super fresh. For less than $8 I'm satisfied and not bloated.This location is a joke.  It took over two hours for delivery.  When I called to check on the order the woman on the telephone told me there was a new delivery person who didn't speak English, was on foot and didn't know the city.  Why would they hire them?  When I asked if she had any idea when he would be here she was very rude to me and told me it was what it was.  When I called back a second time and asked her if she had any idea when it would be delivered she hung up on me.  She should be fired as well as the delivery boy.  Do not order from this location.  They are pathetic.Don't get me wrong Jimmy Johns have decent sandwiches, but I will never shop there again. A few months back I order a Turkey tom. All was well until I started to feel a hard object in my mouth that I swear to you looked like someone's fingernail. Nope, I'm done with them. Subways it is.Had lunch at another JJs yesterday and it was so good I decided to go to another JJs today for lunch. BIG MISTAKE. Yesterday the bread was soft and fresh - today hard and stale. If I wanted a hoagie with stale bread I'd just stop at a random pizza joint. Very disappointed in this location. Bread can make or break a sandwich and in this case it completely ruined it. If I was eating in I would've demanded a refund. 1 star rating in hopes that someone who works there will see this and make sure it never happens again.So JJ's has this really cool marketing initiative, where they give hoagie samples to local offices to pass around to their employees.  Today, we received a box of mini hoagie samples - and I was really impressed!
As a pregnant lady, who has been advised by doctors not to eat cold cuts, I thought I was X'ed out of the hoagie scene.  Not so much - as JJ's offered a delicious veggie option w/ provalone, cucumbers, tomato, lettuce & guac.  Totally surpassed my expectations & they've just won over a new customer!  Who said there was no such thing as a free lunch?!?This place is horrible.  I go from time to time out of convenience when I'm in a pinch, but each and every time, there has been an issue.  They are always out of things, including rolls during one visit!  The customer service is poor, and I'm fairly certain I was helped by an owner a couple times.  Corporate should really work more closely with their franchises to maintain the brand.  The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the sandwiches (when available) are decent.This place is pretty busy around lunch time - prob from all the Jefferson students/doctors/patients nearby.  I usually get the tuna club on wheat.  If you're hungry, it will still fill you up.  The bread is thickly sliced and surrounds a large portion of tuna salad, cheese, lettuce, sprouts (optional), tomato, and onion (I always get this added).  
Can't say I'm mad this is here.  Wish they would deliver north of Chinatown, though - for when I'm feeling too lazy or busy to cook or get out to get something to eat.I usually don't do reviews for chain restaurants - most people know either from experience or word of mouth whether a place like this is good or not.
However, I'd like to review this particular location because of how kind, friendly, and accommodating their staff are. I use this Jimmy John's not only for frequent on campus dinners when I'm at Jefferson's library, but also to walk through here on cold/rainy days when I'm leaving class as it is attached to one of the campus buildings.
Each and every one of the workers here is so nice and this alone draws me back to the place when I'm debating between a few spots to grab a bite. 
A little kindness can go a long way and this location drums up a lot of business this way, at least from me!wow....quality sandwitches at a fair price. huge size, overstuffed, still cheap! love it here. great branding too.Delicious giant club. Ultimate porker is great. Service was quick and not bad. They were friendly and nice. Sandwich is awesome. Staff asked all necessary questions. Will recommend it and come again. Jimmy johns great sandwich shop.Although it is your typical chain restaurant, I really can't complain about this location! It's very close to offices and Jefferson campus and the hospital, very central in the city. Their service is extremely quick, sandwiches made almost immediately. They ask if you want mayo and if you want the roll cut (I advise yes). It's as cheap as any other jimmy johns. I've never really had any problems with it. For some reason I really like their thick cut chips. 
I do know that Jefferson often gets catering from them for certain events and I don't believe there's ever been any problems! Large platters of sandwiches and cookies. Their cookies are delicious by the way.Jimmy John's is my favorite place to get a fresh sandwich.  I haven't had JJ's since I moved from Charlotte to Philly and tonight I decided to stop by. 
I ordered my usual: the #12 Beach Club on wheat, with no mayo and I added onions and oregano.  Amazing!  It was just as fresh as I had remembered it... the crunch of the fresh sprouts really makes the sandwich. 
This was definitely worth walking through the thunderstorm.  :)I order from Jimmy John's for work meetings on a regular basis because they are convenient and my team really loves them.
I have never been a huge fan, but once in a while I'll add a sandwich for myself to give it another shot... today was one of those times and I was disappointed.
I faxed in the order at 11am to be delivered at 12pm. Everything was written down in detail, but somehow, they forgot a bottle of water and my sandwich came with the sprouts although I had requested for them to be taken off. The tuna salad in my sandwich didn't taste like much and there really wasn't a lot, I mostly got stuck with the hated sprouts (seriously, do you guys not like regular lettuce?) and bread. 
Overall a bad sandwich which I'll never order again. 
In the defense of Jimmy John's, the employees are super nice and the service is very quick, and I guess as long as my team is happy, that's all that matters. But I won't be eating their food again any time soon.In a city of subs and cheesesteaks, why come to Jimmy John's? Surprisingly coming here has consistently been a positive experience. 1) staff is welcoming 2) food is fresh and good 3) you can customize with sandwich made quickly 4) dining area is clean 5) refill machine available 6) decent portions.  I recommend getting the number 9 night club Italian for $5.99. Bread is soft and cold cuts are a decent quality considering this is a chain. Food prep area seemed clean. Note one of the cleanest bathrooms in the city is connected to this store thru the building next door.Horrible service, bread was hard and stale. The "owner" was extremely rude. Paid extra for bacon and when calling to inform them they did not put it on he argued over the phone until we brought the sandwich back and showed him. Extremely terrible place.Just had the worst experience I've ever had with Jimmy John's. Usually, my food delivery arrives within 5 (max 10) minutes of ordering. But today I'm still waiting and it's been an hour. When the 30-minute mark arrived, I called the store and was told that they never even put in the order since it didn't "show up" on their screen. I never would have known unless I called. So I was told they were making the food and it would arrive in 10 minutes. I get a call from them 20 minutes later that I can call tomorrow to speak to a manager--and find out they still have not sent my food out for delivery. All I keep being told is that it was the previous shift and claim they have no order delivery tracking system BUT the tracker on JJ's website kept updating. All I want is my food, and I only ordered from Jimmy John's because they're known for being fast. This experience was terrible. Won't make this mistake again. UPDATE: had to call again from a different phone number since they would not pick up when I called from my phone and they basically told me they're not sending me my food. Unbelievable. I wasted over an hour on this situation and they repeatedly lied to me.We just walked in and out of this place for the second time - sandwiches are always good but the music is always comically loud! It's doesn't exactly fit the atmosphere and the employees can't even hear the customers order. Very weird.I came here one day on my walk back to the train, I was shocked to find out that they only had one type of cheese to offer(provolone). WHAT KIND OF SANDWICH PLACE DOESNT HAVE MORE THAN ONE TYPE OF CHEESE?! Also, the staff was very rude and insisted that I try the provolone and that I would like it... I'm 31 years old, I'm pretty sure I know what kind of cheese I want on my sandwich by now... And that would be American, Swiss, or Cooper sharp. Never going back. They need to get it together over there.Staff needs to learn about sanitation and disinfection.  The girl making my sandwich was holding and swiping through her phone before and during making my sandwich.  She was wearing plastic gloves, however after she touched her filthy phone she didn't change gloves.  She then proceeded to put her germ infested phone on the supposedly sterile countertops where they make the sandwiches.Is half an hour freaky fast? This is legit the worst location of all. So rude in there as well. Get new employees please.This place is trash and needs to go. Ignorant employees that mouth off and make rude remarks while cursing at customers while they completely screw up their orders. Don't waste your time or moneyRude staff, over priced, filthy area where sandwiches are made. Spend your money elsewhereWhen you deny service to 3 Philly pd patrols 40-minutes before closing, you SUCK as a company, citizen, and should close up shop.What a disgraceful place. Their hoagies stink. There is no meat on them, they were expensive and we didn't even get what we ordered. It's sad a chain would have service like that. We ordered while I was at a training. Everyone order was messed up and the next 2 days we ordered from somewhere else. Take your money elsewhere.B****H!!!!! Tell me why theres no meat on this sandwich!?!?!   never going back. i ordered a turkey sub girl its not that hardI found myself here after the Eagles parade as every other restaurant in the area had a two hour wait. Jimmy Johns had three people's order ready in order five minutes...impressive, given the crowd. I also had some really delicious BBQ chips. 
However, that is where the positives end. I ordered the veggie sandwich and am still grossed out. There was SO much shredded lettuce on it. I felt like I was eating a shredded lettuce sandwich. To make things worse, the shredded lettuce tasted like dirty water. My sandwich was also supposed to have avocado on it and there was barely any, which was disappointing. My friend ordered a club and it was served just like a hoagie--on a roll. I am not sure if that is typical for Jimmy Johns but a club is traditionally served on sliced bread. 
We all left disappointed, but grateful to be able to get food quickly on a day as crazy as the parade.