Fun drink menu, reasonable prices, fast service, excellent food (cheesesteak wit moonshine & lightening burger)Really great atmosphere and service but prices are a little too high! Great place to go if you want a country/sports bar type atmosphere.So let me say I went last night for a "moonshine" tasting.  Well let's say the moonshine tasting was one shot of moonshine and unlimited bud lite I think it was.  Let's just say glad I didn't have to pay for this event. My question to this establishment is why not hire more staff for special events. If you get the same exact review about sucky service when events are going on? We got 2 beers and ordered the 10.00 all you can eat Tacos. ..yeah we waited about 30 minutes for our refill of tacos and 30 mins for our refill of beer. It's like they don't know how to handle large crowds... on and to top it off my waitress gives us one  bill which I go to pay but come back to see my card was charged an extra 53.00 due to the waitress I guess not paying attention. She fixed the problem  it shouldn't have been an issue to begin with.  I will give it another chance when it's not so crowded to see how it is. 
Oh also we ordered wings they weren't cooked to our liking our waitress came out and said she can take them back..needless to say THEY NEVER CAME BACK out once they were dropped or reordered..Came down for Sunday Funday! And Mo was amazing! Best service we have had all day!!! Right away she served us with a smile and recommended her favorites! Keep this girl around!!Called and was promised moonshine milkshakes. Walked 30 minutes to get there. Was told they don't have moonshine milkshakes.The food here was amazing and they dont skimp on the quantity. Delicious and ill be back to try their old city fries. 
Appetizers are about $10.
Entrees are between $12 - $15 with some $20+ outliers
Moonshine milkshakes exist but we didnt try them.
The only reason this gets 4 instead of 5 stars is because the music was so loud. We had a party of 12 people and we couldnt talk to each other. 
The wait staff did turn it down when we asked, but we had to ask 3 times in 3.5 hours. 
It put a real damper on the night... since this was a goodbye party for a service member going overseas. We wanted to talk!Good karaoke!  Moonshine !  Good place for hangin',  great burgers, tacos!  2 buck Bud lights.  Great staff!In Philadelphia for a short stay, but stopped into this bar for a couple drinks. The AC was nice and cold and Taylor was an amazing woman behind the bar. We had a blast and loved the variety of IPAs and moonshine mixes offered. This place definitely takes me back to my Kentucky roots. I'll be back next week!!! Keep it going!I bought a groupon for the purpose of getting some food to take home.  The fine print DID NOT say it couldn't be used for takeout.  The blond woman at the bar said she would get in trouble if she allowed me to use it for takeout, so I said I could eat in and just take the rest home.  She said "I can't just let you take 2 bites and then have to box up whole meals to go."  I said my only other option was to get a refund and she just shrugged her shoulders and repeated that she'd get in trouble.  Horrible customer service and they lost not only that order but a potential future customer. I ordered a refund.Stopped in on one of the first warm weekends this spring. While all of the other places we wanted to go had a super long wait this one did not. I had it bookmarked on yelp, but was hesitant to try it after reading some of the reviews about the service. The service on this day was great! It wasn't super busy when we first got there so we were seated right away. It did pick up as we were there and the service was still good. I had one of their cocktails, Sex in a Pickup  and it was quite tasty! We ordered the cheesesteak and a burger. My boyfriend is a burger fanatic and is quite the critic when it comes to burgers. He had zero complaints and even ate the fries, which he never does so you know they're good. The cheesesteak was great too, lots of cheese, seasoned well and wasn't super oily but still juicy. Fries had just enough salt on them. I'll definitely be keeping them on my list of go-to restaurants.Awesome comfort food! We stopped by here for lunch on the 4th of July. Service was a little slow but the quality of the food and drinks made up for it! I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Philly.This was our second stop of the night and probably the most lively place that we visited.. The vibe was excellent.. Music was 90s to today hip hop and we had a great time.   Everyone was dancing and having fun. It was little bit of a challenge to get drinks but the place was packed and they had three bartenders behind the bar.  I saw some chicken strips that looked awful but I didn't have em.Tried the cheese steak & fries special very solid & yummy only $5 bucks too 
Pretty lady bartender on 4/20 afternoon shift was most engagingly pleasant  & professional.
Place is huge and very nice ..a real bar counter on steroids ..
Thank u so much !Came here for lunch and there was no service. The bartender had to wait on us and didn't know anything about the food menu. The lunch menu falsely advertised the dos chicken tacos and the hamburgers that they showed on a menu advertising the lunch special was falsely advertised too. The hamburgers were things you would serve at a cocktail parties. The wait for food was long and the place wasn't even crowded. I don't recommend going here.The ambience is great. Cool decoration. Awesome music. I had duck tacos and sweet potato fries. Duck tacos are amazing for a first time having duck meat. Bartender was very nice and she was hot! I didnt have moonshines just because I was driving. Only negative thing is that the place had flies!Went there early on Saturday night and it was delicious! We got the cheesesteak, a bacon burger and a pork belly burger which all were amazing. Plus the drinks are strong so one or two will get you tipsy. I recommend the drink "sex in a pickup" (I'm pretty sure that was the name) it was really great. I wish we had time to play life sized Janga because that would have been really fun.I stop by jj bootleggers once a week, definitely one of my favorite spots in olde city. Great drinks and the staff always remembers me, not sure if that's a good or a bad thing. You can't beat their weekly specials. I personally like to see how many tacos I can eat, utilizing their 10$ all you can eat taco Thursday special. Come in any night of the week for giant Jenga, moonshine, and a friendly staff.Awful service. Went there for all you can eat taco night and was only given one round in over an hour and a half. Also never got any water refills and asked for them 3x. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because the manager refunded us for the tacos once we complained.Okay okay before I say anything i wanna say S/O Benjamin Franklin cuz he was a real one! So yeah I always wanted to come here since forever but never got the chance so me & my gf went here for lunch today cuz it's Thursday an it's all u can eat tacos today, make a long story short we came too early cuz the unlimited tacos started at 5. But I got the honey bbq wings with the carrots on the side which was cooler than I expected, idk what kinda hipster shit that carrot symbolized but watever the wings made up for them. My gf got the cheesesteak with French fries cuz it was 4 dollar cheesesteaks today too. But the service was PERFECT cuz we were literally the only 2 people in there. I felt like a celebrity renting out a restaurant for my wife lmaoooo but watever everything was great!!! I wish I had something to fuckin complain about lowkey.Excellent experience! Who knew that Tuesday night could be so fun??!!
My experience found a clean bar, fun entertainment  (karaoke), reasonably priced cocktails, and a lively bartender. 
This place is centrally located and easy to get to. 
I definitely suggest adding Bootleggers to your regular bar list!first time in Philadelphia. They have a good selection of moonshine drinks, and a great happy hour. Nicole, was friendly, helpful, and extremely attentive...even when the bar was busy. Would definitely come back next time I am in town.Amazing milkshakes. The unique blend of wholesome recipes and moonshine generates a combination the typical American could not create. Your palate will thank you.Nice. We came here and watched part of an NFL playoff game, had wings and fries (my hub's favorite combination) and shrimp tacos. I wasn't sure about the tacos at first but the mixture of flavors surprisingly worked! The fries had a touch of sweetness and they give you this tangy sauce with them that makes them really good; plus the bread pudding was great. I thought it was going to be dry but it was moist inside. We will give this a try if for some reason we're in the area again. Also, they honored the $10 discount for our Yelp check-in and our waitress was super sweet.WAAAAAAH! They don't sell the cool little mason jars with the bars name on em! Real bummer! 
Besides that, this place was spacious, and nice. The bartenders were aware and attentive! Not a single complaint.... Except for the fact that they didn't sell those cool little mason jars!!!! Dangit!This place is really great! The fried smashed tots were delicious and the cheesesteak egg rolls looked great! The Shirley temple moonshine drink brought me right back to my childhood, only this time it was spiked w booze! Will definitely be returning!Saturday night with only about 8 people at the bar should have been the red flag. Place might have potential but way too expensive if you're just looking for a few beers. 4 beers and 2 shots set us back $41. No thanks!Not impressed. Our group of 6 went to the back bar on Saturday night. We ordered a few beers and all of them were skunked. That on top of our bartender's sour demeanor made us all want to leave.I stopped by on a Monday and while it was not very busy I had a great experience thanks to Ashley D. The food was great, the beer cold, and the bartender was beautiful. Not much else you could ask for!They only had 1 waitress staffed on Sunday / Pride festival . The food was just ok and overpriced and so were the drinks / location ... location . Nothing spectacular and a little too dingy ...In Philly Friday night for a convention and dropped by with our group after dinner for some Karaoke.  Place has very nice decor and "connect four" table games along with jenga for you to pass the time while getting your drink on.  Karaoke did not start until like 10:30pm which I think is a bit late especially if you only have karaoke 1 night a week... but it had a good crowd and the sound was good.  Drinks were a bit pricey but we had a good time.  They had a Yelp $10 off for spending $30 check-in which I showed the waitress when we first sat down.  She conveniently forgot about it later and we spent WAY more than $30... ($200+ at least for the table) After I got the check, I asked about the $10 off and her response was "I'm sorry, I already rang you up" and I already added the 20% auto gratuity to your bill so, I have no incentive to honor the Yelp check-in. The karaoke is 4 stars by itself for inquiring karaoke fans PLUS it is non smoking.Cool sports bar. Good drink specials. Great Yelp check in special. ($10 of $30 purchase) lots of moonshine to choose from. Lots of TVs not to loud even when crowded. Looking forward to going back.This is a super cute bar BUT looks can be deceiving. They specialize in Moonshine but that AND any other drink besides beer is watered down and is a complete waste of money. If you don't drink beer you will wish u did once coming here. The food is mediocre providing it actually comes out on time but if you wait like 45min for a burger like I did it will likely be overcooked and you will be underwhelmed. Oh, and heaven forbid u need to go to the bathroom. Let's just say that a Porta Potty would be a better choice. With not one stall to be able to flush because of the overflowing toilet paper in each one the empty soap dispensers will make u wish you would have just stayed home and ordered pizza. This was my second time giving this place a try and it was a double whammy of disappointment with 2 thumbs down. Sorry. Just being honest. I hope they get better.Relaxed location with some great food. During the week there are good food specials like Mac n cheese Mondays and Taco Thursdays along with specials on football game days. The mac n cheese is really good! Staff is nice & friendly too!What a great addition to the Olde City scene. Unlike other bars/restaurants, this place has a more upscale feel. The decor is well done and the atmosphere is cozy. The hubby and I had drinks at the bar and were served by Sam. She was very friendly and helpful and even offered information for local businesses to hold a happy hour. Its refreshing to have a staff member actually seem to enjoy working, and was so attentive to making sure we came back. You could tell she wanted to make the restaurant a success. I ordered a "watermelon hooch" martini and it was absolutely amazing. My husband had the beer and moonshine shot special. He enjoyed it. My only reservation is that the prices are a little hefty ($12 martini and $10 beer/shot) If we had gone for the happy hour, they are half price (which is a deal). 
Overall, we definitely plan on going back and will be sure to bring others!It's ok. I've only been here on st paddy's day so maybe I need to come back when it's not packed.My review is solely based off of drinks here as I did not eat at this restaurant because we had already eaten somewhere else. 
Came here one night while in town for work and all in all, I like this place. The staff was extremely pleasant when we came in and was very attentive all night. The place specializes in moonshine so they have a lot of moonshine drink options. I have no experience with moonshine but after trying it, the drinks were pretty good. 
If back in this area, I would certainly come back simply based on the hospitality on the staff.So me and my family if 6 just left here and im going this place a 2 star only because my mom like her burger i will not be going back to this place at all the food was ok nothing worth going back for i order all 3 wings and lets just say i money back...the drinks are not strong at all i had to get a beer smhGreat food portions, crazy amazing bread pudding. Our server Katie was awesome!! The moonshine flight was a great way to try the moonshine. And the corresponding cocktails is a great idea.They offer pretty good specials, the food is always pretty good and served in a timely manner. The servers are always pretty helpful and check in with their customers regularly to make sure everything is going well. Music and TVs aren't too loud eitherIt started out just fine. We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly lady who made our drinks and gave us menus.  However, when the regular bartender returned from wherever she was,  we didn't receive any more service as she spent the next 30 minutes talking or flirting with the one other customer at the bar.  I can't comment on the food since we couldn't order. We flagged her down,  paid $19.00 for two drinks and left to eat elsewhere. We won't be back next time we're in town as service doesn't seem to be a priority here.Went in because it is in my neighborhood and had a Monday special.
The mac and cheese was pretty delicious and creamy but the wait staff (particularly the bartender) was rude and unaccommodating. She also charged us for two specials rather than one (glad my friend noticed on the bill) and was rude when we brought it up trying to defend the double charge.
Also, it is never busy when I walk past in peak dinner or lunch hours so that is a clear indication that they aren't really keeping customers or bringing in new ones, I assume because of the customer service. I wouldn't recommend and probably will not be going back anytime soon.Taylor was great!  Why isn't she bar tending there anymore? Good choice for food, drinks, and table gamesWent into this place to escaoe the heat today and had the pleasure of meeting Shelby and Katie. Had a fantastic time talking to both of them. They made me feel like Norm at Cheers. The beer was excellent and the atmosphere was great. I highly recommended this bar and promise that you will enjoy spending your time here. I live and work out of town but i know i will be back the next time I am in town. I want to thank the management for hiring such wonderful people like Shelby and Katie.Stopped in because it looked like a neat place to go. I was convinced the music was from my own Pandora station, but then came my bartender. I only give it 3 stars because the worst service in the world was paired with a hard to swallow drink. I'm sure some people would love this place but if you're not in your early twenties slamming shots, go find yourself a nice Irish pub.Was not super impressed with this place. My boyfriend and I went around 3pm on a Sunday so hopefully the nighttime vibe is better. We didn't try any of the moonshine so this review is based on food alone.
The tatertots were good but not what I was expecting. They're basically fried balls of potato with some stuff inside. Ryan got the wings which he said were good and I got a quesadilla. I wasn't too impressed with mine but maybe it's because I wasn't that hungry. Not sure I'd come back for food, maybe for drinks as the inside was pretty big!Awesome time our  bartender was excellent! She rocked out! Handle a bar crawl like a true proOne of my favorite places to go in old city! Not a huge fan of going out in the city in general, but when I do, I always recommend to my friends that we go here. Great friendly staff, always have suggestions on drinks, and they are unique and great tasting. Always a good time and even when it's busy, I never seem to be waiting for a drink. Good atmosphere and I love karaoke so Friday night's there are always fun! Definitely recommend this place for you and a couple friends going out to have a fun time!I would give no stars if that was an option. This is a review for lunch. They advertise a "lightning lunch". Not sure why it's called that, since it took an hour for it to come out. I'm not even certain the burger was real meat, and if it was it was an insult to the cow. Underdone fries. Now we know why there were only two tables there for lunch. Something was obviously very wrong in the kitchen that day, but even so the quality of the food was terrible.Could not get service, multiple employees on their phone paying no attention to customers... food was goodFriendly staff, great drinks, and tasty food. Good atmosphere for a usually cramped Old City bar. The open space allows for the place to still be crowded but you don't bump in to someone every 2 seconds. The Jenga and connect 4 are nice touches too. Friday karaoke is poppinGreat service and food. The old city fries were very unique and delicious.  Taco Thursday is worth coming in for alone, but the taco shells would have been better baked in the oven for a couple minutes. Our server, Jocelyn, and our bartender, Tori, were phenomenal! The music is a great mixture of one or two good country songs and a top 40 song.Worst service I've ever had in the city. We went here after the old city festival on Oct. 11th,  just to have a bite to eat before heading back home. We were the 3rd table to be seated, and the place was pretty empty. It took about 20 minutes for a waitress to even notice we were there, and at that time, I had grabbed our own menus from the hostess stand, which no one was standing at. 
After another 15 minutes, our waitress came to take drink orders. The specials were pretty great including $2 bud lights, however, another 20 min later we actually received them. We were at this restaurant for 1 hour and 30 min and still had received no food nor explanation, when finally I flagged down a manager. 
To cut to the chase, he did nothing but give us a few bud lights and apologize....not to mention when we did receive our food it was horrible. If you're looking for a decent meal in old city, I would NOT recommend eating here.Stopped in for drinks and snacks.  Good service and beautiful decor.  The music was good too.  The moonshine is smooth and packs a punch.  The honey wings were good but the blue cheese was way too thick.  Stop in for at least one drink and you might stay for more.Inconsistent - 1 time the bread pudding was amazing - another time they gave me some BS rolls in bread pudding sauce.  First, the guy on the phone told me they didn't have any.  Then he came back and said they did.  Well they clearly didn't because he just made some BS up and gave it to me.   That was absolutely disrespectful.  I gave them one last chance because the first time it was soooo good and they put this nasty whip cream on the bread pudding.  Whip cream does not go on bread pudding!  I couldn't even eat it.  I have never ordered from them since.  I really enjoyed the bread pudding when it was done the right way.I stopped by JJ Bootleggers yesterday and overall the experience was horrible.  Service was horrendous and food was very sub par.  Being that the bar is a sports bar and it was football sunday, the atmosphere was also dead.  The table next to us was even told that the kitchen was closed and they were allowed to bring outside pizza into the restaurant.  I never plan on going back and I would never suggest this bar/restaurant to anyone.Awesome bar with moonshine! You don't see that every day which is the reason we came in after dinner. Had some moonshine milkshaes (6$ all day on saturday). The Apple Pie milkshake was boozy and amazing while the strawberries and cream which you couldn't taste the moonshine but also really tasty!Food and drinks were fine but the service left a lot to be desired. I can understand if a place is busy but we waited long periods of time while our server sat in the back of the restaurant staring at her phone.  I tried several times in vain to get her attention. When she finally came over when we were nearly done eating and we alerted her my husband was missing a side from his meal she just said "ok" with nothing resembling an apology. Seemed like she did not care about her job at all. 
Also, the appetizer took a long time to arrive, there was no toilet paper in the restroom and the giant jenga games make a deafening noise when people repeatedly lose the game. If you're looking for mediocre food, bad service and an annoying atmosphere, definitely check this place out.I stopped in here on Saturday night to grab a bite to eat and drink or two. I tried two of their moonshine drinks--the Hillbilly Peach Tea and the Corn and Coke and was actually very impressed with both of them. Delicious, but definitely strong drinks. $10 each is a tad much, though. 
I'm trying not to eat meat again, so I found the menu a little hard to choose from. I split an order of the pierogies, and found myself liking the sauces (sour cream and another one that was some sort of cherry-based) more than the pierogi itself. I had the veggie sandwich, which was also fine, but I wish it came with a more substantial bread. It was on the same bun as my friend's porketta sandwich, but found my sandwich falling apart. Some real hearty, nutty slices would've been delicious instead. 
I wasn't too keen on the rest of the clientele there. We left around 10 and it was started to get a little crowded, but I guess that's to be expected in old city.Good moonshine specialties. Country punch was amazing and unique, and you could feel the pulp. Sex on the beach had a similar pulp texture and was good too. Blue memphis was okay, pretty standard, so I suggest you try something else instead. Electric lemonade was surprisingly simple, just one shot + lemonade, but actually quite refreshing and nice.Nice atmosphere. The place is set up nicely. Good drinks and food. Worth a stop if you're near Penn's Landing. Paulina was a delight.Simply put: stay away, many better options. It's a shame because the food was good but the place was WAY UNDERSTAFFED! there weren't any papertowles in the bathroom. The place sorta scared me- the cleanliness. Go else where. They tried.Took my wife here for her birthday and was very impressed. The food was fresh and delicious, and the atmosphere was incredible. It reminded us of our honeymoon in the smoky mountains. I would recommend this place to anyone.Awesome Carmel Apple moonshine! The pricing is typical for philly. We ordered wings and fries as appetizers too. It wasn't bad for bar food. Would recommend to stop in for a drink!I was there yesterday for a drink and app. I really liked the decor and the fact they had games. We sat by the bar where the windows open so you get a street view. The weather was nice so it worked out. 
I ordered the white peach sangria and it was good. My bf ordered a Yuengling. We ordered the truffle fries which we didn't really like. We weren't fans of the sweet taste. The sauce was really good and I can't remember the name of it. If you like sweet seasoning with bacon then get that. We played Connect 4 at the table and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I'd like to come back at night to see how it is. I'd definitely come back to this location.I don't typically give out one star, ever, but this place was awful. Ordered an old fashioned and it was made wrong. Ordered 6 shots and watched the bartender pour straight from the bottle (with no pourer and didn't use a jigger) into the shaker which was full of ice. I didn't order them chilled. I told my friend she wasn't going to have enough, because I'm a bartender and could see she didn't put enough tequila in. She came up half a shot short. Instead of putting more tequila in I watched her try to shake the rest of the ice into water to fill it. It wouldn't work so she went to get the bottle. I told her when she came back, "listen, I didn't order them chilled so for the next round don't chill them, it's much less alcohol when you shake it with ice", she replies "I measured 6 shots with this (shows me a jigger)". I smiled at her lie and said "ok, well I'm a bartender and I know it waters it down so just don't chill them next time". She tells me it's $60 for 6 shots of 1800, which is expensive for mediocre tequila, and we drink our half water shots. The place was pretty dead for a Saturday night. As soon as it hits 2am everyone is practically thrown out and the bartender refused to serve anything else. As my friend is trying to order one last drink, a man that was sitting alone at the bar punches her in the arm in a "hey buddy" sort of way. A man punched my friend in the arm....wtf. I tell a guy behind the bar what happened and he tells the guy he has to leave but then let's him stay, without so much as an apology. Pretty sure that place is on it's last leg. What kind of bad hires bartenders that can't even serve shots correctly?JJ Bootleggers - Score: 11
Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 2
Fries: 3
Extras:  2
Value: 2
2 Sentence Review: Great décor, location and atmosphere.  The burger however, was mangled and uneventful...my bourbon on the rocks was served in a large shot glass, which made me sad.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)We went in on a busy Saturday night. The bar staff was pretty slow and disappeared from the front bar for over 4 minutes, with a packed bar. Everyone was confused where they went. My drink which was not whiskey tasked like whiskey. I am assuming the glass used wasn't cleaned out properly. The games around the bar were fun. It was nicely decorated and played good music.Awesome old time style bar with great moonshine style drinks! I had the lightning burger and the corn n' coke drink. Both awesome. Service could have been better, but can't complain for a Wednesday.  Will return!
I had the yelp $10 discount so the owner had to see it.  He asked how the drinks were, and I said that the corn' coke could be stronger. He came back with a jar of whiskey and gave me a free shot! 105 proof!  
He had the bartender make me extra strong drinks for the rest of the night. Overall awesome place !Had restaurant week dinner at JJ Bootleggers last night 1/24/15. Everything about the experience was excellent! Nicely made drinks, I started with the scallop appetizer, had the grilled Bronzino and a delicious deconstructed chocolate cake. Definitely a few steps above "bar food". Also had to try their famous fried mashed tatter tots -- amazingly addictive! Will be back for more, the wing selection looked good too.Drinks are fantastic, bartenders are flawless.  With all due respect, please stop the karaoke.Stopped in to watch The Rockets playoff game.  They turned the channel for us. We ate an egg roll appetizer and a bacon cheeseburger and some fried sweet potato balls.  Everything was very good. Shock top on tap was good too.Totally disappointed in this "bottomless brunch" experience. Items offered: cold grits with shrimp in a tomato mixture, cold pancakes, soggy French toast, buffalo chicken bites, greasy bacon, macaroni and cheese...and a few other unmemorable items.  Food was sub par, at best. Be advised that the mimosas are mostly orange juice and they are served in plastic disposable champagne flutes. I witnessed the waitress washing the aforementioned plastic DISPOSABLE champagne cups for re-use. The icing on the cake was getting our bill and seeing that we were charged a 18% gratuity for a nothing. We saw the waitress once and that was to ask for another drink get our check. I will never be back. Brunchers beware, don't waste your money.The moonshine itself wasnt amazing -- especially not when you're used to getting the legit stuff from WV *wink wink*.  But the atmosphere was good and even tho it was busy, the bartenders were all friendly, and quick to respond to drink requests.  Id definitely stop in again.I wasn't going to write this review but I felt like I needed to share. My friends and I went here on a Saturday night, which should be a good night for a bar in old city. We got here a little after eleven pm. The hostess asked us if we wanted to eat or sit at the bar. We wanted to eat so she had us sit at a table. The waitress came over and introduced herself and was very helpful with picking out drink s we may want to try. The drinks arrived in a timely manner. Of course the drinks were more juice than alcohol. It was the same for everyone at the table. Now came time to order food. That's when the waitress said the kitchen closed at 11pm on Friday & Saturday. Of course we were upset. Why did the hostess not tell us. Or the waitress before she took our drink orders. The only thing that would get me back in here is the atmosphere which was fun. They had karaoke and board games you could play. If someone could tell me this place is worth a second chance please let me know why.Thought this place was solid.  Was impressed that there was a decent crowd for it being a little early on a Friday night.  It's country themed but had a party vibe.  Drinks were reasonably priced which is always a bonus for a weekend night.We went here last night on the recommendation from a friend.  This place is brand new and a really cool moonshine themed place with oak barrels lining the walls.
Had the braised short ribs which were some of the best I've ever had.  The Olde City fries were good too and they had truffle salt on them (I did not even know truffle salt existed).  My wife had a burger that was so huge I had to help her eat and that was really good too.  The prices were very reasonable for an Olde City spot.
My wife had 2 of the moonshine drinks and I tasted them and they were good.  Not weak or watered down either.  They have Troeg's Perpetual IPA on tap and happened to be running a $3 draft special on a Saturday night!  Yes, you read that right Troeg's full pints for $3!!!  Now you understand why I didn't want to leave.
We split a bread pudding which was awesome.  It had a little mint thing going on with it...  We almost ordered a second one.
I will definitely be back at this place again soon.Went to JJ with my boyfriend and had a Groupon for $25. Really like the atmosphere in the restaurant. Had a southern feel while playing "current" music from all different genres...music probably from the last 6 years. Got the chicken skewers and ribs. Both meals were very good. The ribs meal was so big, that it looked like I didn't touch my meal when I boxed the rest of it home. Ribs were very soft and I really liked the sauce. Just wished it came with some cold slaw along with the fries. The skewers were cooked in pineapple, but the flavor wasn't overwhelming. Our waitress was attentive and friendly!So I think I may be a bit bias because I do not like Old City.  However, I was heading to meet friends and needed a drink first. So seeing all of my options (and not loving them), I ducked in here.  
First, the place is really nice inside-very cool set up. Second, the crowd was not as "Old City" as some of the crowds.  That with the set up made the vibe cool. With that my drink...I had a Peach Moonshine drink made with fresh peaches and it was amazing.  Really good. It was a warmish winter night and it tasted like spring.  We all really enjoyed our drinks and wish we had time for another.  The food smelled good but we were off to the movies.  So four stars because I did not try enough but when in Old City...I think it needs another look!Tried this place two days in a row... In Philly for the sweet sixteen tournament and a concert... Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, $23 for two HOUSE vodka red bull... Zero vodka.... will not be back, which is a shame. Great place to watch ball.So, my food was good. I mean really good. We played Jenga and connect four. So much fun! Those are the great things about this place. The service.... not great. Not fun.  Sadly, Tori was miserable. Didn't add to the fun experience.  Honestly we all said the same thing, she was a bitch. Anyway, another server could've changed our our entire experience.