Now this is what I call a very good cheesesteak. You can see them making your sandwich with chopped beef and some provolone. As expected, the chopped beef rather than slice gives it an extra flavor that just taste outstanding with the provolone. Definitely a must try at this place. 
Another outstanding sandwich is the Roast Pork. One of my biggest regrets in life is ordering the small instead of the large roast pork. It was my first time trying a Roast Pork and just really fell in love with all the flavors. The Roast Pork was very tender and moist full of spices and the spinach went perfect with the sandwich. Like I said should have ordered the large. 
This is definitely a must stop every time I'm in town. I really don't see a reason to go anywhere else.Tried their famous roasted pork sandwich. Not for me. Tasted like vinegar. Did that special sauce say "Summers Eve" on it?If you want a great cheesesteak, Johns is the place to go. If you want great customer service, please avoid at all cost. The staff is rude and unorganized. They talk down to their customers and mock new patrons for not successfully navigating their confusing line system. We get it, you're from South Philly. Quit trying to give off a perception of being a hard nose tough guy and make my sandwich.Yep, this is the best roast pork sammich there is. Get into the car and go there for lunch today.Outstanding.  Pizza Steak with onions is Delish.  Fries and onion rings are tasty too.  But do yourself a favor and just call ahead.  It's worth not waiting online. Great choice!!I'd read so many reviews saying this was many yelpers' #1 favorite cheesesteak joint in philly, so I had high hopes walking in. This was the first stop of many on the "cheesesteak tour" I took my brother on when he was visiting from out of town. We got the original cheesesteak with onions and it was a solid sandwich, mostly because the steak was decent quality and not super greasy, but nothing to write home about. Also inaccessible without a car so I think I'll stick to Jim's for my cheesesteak cravings!So damn delicious. We came to Philly for a couple of days and this was our first stop. We were indecisive, so we split a roast pork and a cheesesteak. The roast pork is really delicious, though I think it is definitely meant to be eaten IMMEDIATELY or it gets too soggy. The cheesesteak was our favorite, though. So much so that we actually came back here two days later for breakfast on our way out of town. My first cheesesteak had American cheese, and my second had sharp provolone, and I was surprised that I actually preferred the American version (though both were wonderful). I think this will become one of those places we have to hit if we're ever within like 45 minutes of here.This is the best place to go for a great philly steak and roast pork sandwich. It's a little off the beaten path and it's as touristy as the other steak shops. It's a mom and pop shop. Literally, the owners and workers are related. While we were there, what looked to be the mother was there sitting outside with patrons, and what looked to be the children were inside taking orders and making sandwiches. I got the chicken philly and it was fabulous and my boyfriend got the roast pork. The sandwiches are massive and we literally had enough leftover to eat for dinner. It seemed that most people got their sandwiches to go, but there is some seating outside where you can eat there. Definitely go!Absolutely the best Philly steaks and roast pork.  The attitude is brusque, the wait is a bit annoying, but the sandwiches are completely worth it.  GREAT FOOD!I moved out of Pennsport earlier this year, and one of the biggest regrets I have about leaving the neighborhood is being seperated from this eatery.  Johns Roast Pork is, hands down, the best cheesesteak I have ever eaten.
From the moment you walk into Johns, you know you're in for a treat.  The atmosphere is quaint and unpretentious like other more well-known Philly steak joints.  Now and again you might find a tourist who was tipped off and somehow found their way down to this section of town.  However, by and large, the customers in line are comprised of city workers, dock workers, white collar suits, and people from the neighborhood.
And that's what you get treated like here -- like you're from the neighborhood.  The family and crew that run this multi-generational shop treat you as if you were a member of the family.  I have never had a bad experience at Johns, and I have been here probably 20-30 times since last summer.
All items are made per order.  There's no 10 lbs. of precooked meat on the grill here.  That being stated, be prepared to wait if there is a line ahead of you.  It's worth it though.  My favorite is a mushroom steak with grilled onions and sharp.  Grab a drink and some Tastykake Krimpets for deserts, and you're all set!
Not in the mood for a steak or just don't want to wait?  No problem.  Skip the line and go for the namesake, the roast pork sandwich.  Heaven!  It's marinated in a special recipe, and you get lots of it.  Like the cheesesteak, the large roast pork is served on a long roll with sesame seeds.  Too good for words.  Or go for breakfast and get a scrapple and egg sandwich.
The only downside is the hours of operation.  It makes it a bit cumbersome sometimes.  But if I have the afternoon free and 45 minutes to spare on SEPTA, you know where I'll be.  Johns Roast Pork!Being a manager of a cheese steak place my self i was very surprised on how delicious this sandwich is. I have my lest of things that i look for and this place made my mouth water for another one the very next day.SO Philly.  It reminds you of NYC, only dirtier.  It's called Roast Pork but 90% of the people there when I went were there for cheesesteaks which itself is very Philly (perennial second place for their number ones!).  The cheesesteaks are as advertised: fresh, thick, rich, dense, tasty.  The meat is very flavorful, but it's a little more chewy than I like.  Cash only.  Also, be prepared to wait.  I went in about 1:20pm on a Saturday and got my cheesesteak by 2pm.  Parking is tricky, but doable. I parked on the other side of the tracks...  There's a joke in there somewhere, I just know it...  Why four stars instead of five?  Because it's Philly!  There's always something to get into a fist fight about...Best sweet pepper cheese steak I ever had with a philly attitude to go with. Highly recommended and you do get a ton of food.Truly the best cheese steak that I've ever had. You must get it with sharp provolone and long hots. They note accept credit cards.I had heard about John's for years from many people but never got around to trying it, being a loyal fan of the "other place" famous for roast pork in Philly.  
Anyway, today I was in the neighborhood too short on time to go to the "other guy" and hungry enough to break down and give John's a try.
I ordered the roast pork sandwich with provolone and added no condiments or additional spices.  I have always held the roast pork from the "other place" in high regard, but I have to tell you, the sandwich I had from John's was a borderline religious experience!  The depth of flavor he's able to achieve in the meat is extraordinary -- the man can make the palate dance.  I was converted right on the spot.  So glad I ordered two (one for lunch, one for dinner -- did I say I love roast pork?).  Added bonus is that the sandwiches contained what I believe to be a fair portion of meat for the price --no skimping here.
When I picked up the wife from work today I told her about John's and she wanted to 
try either their meatball or sausage sandwich with provolone and red gravy, so we stopped back.  The owner was kind enough to let her sample a meatball to help make her decision (she loved it, but was more in the mood for sausage).  
The wife is raving about the sausage sandwich and is looking forward to getting the meatball version on our next visit.  Even my dinner roast pork sandwich, now several hours old and cold was as flavorful as the first.  
Will definitely be back -- sorry, "other guy," but John's got you beat hands down, IMHO.amazing....
I have been eating here for years and it  is consistently  the best  roast pork & cheese steak in Philly. fresh sarcones rolls, sharp provolone & generous helpings of pork each time 
 I only have 2 problems with johns -
only open until 3pm  M-F
seating can sometimes be limited.Good stuff. The only issue with this place is that it closes a little early. Otherwise, it is a greayt spot.Best cheese steak in the city. Call ahead and order if you can b/c the line gets long. I prefer American and Whiz cheese with fried onions, "American-Whiz Wit" would be appreciated when ordering.the best cheesesteaks in philly! 
why are they different? 1) they're nice. 2) the sandwiches are meatier. 3) the bread!You guys, I did it. After almost 4 years of living in Philadelphia and growing up 30 minutes down I95, I found my favorite sandwich in all of Philadelphia. And to think it's been nestled only 6 blocks away from my current house! I'm almost embarrassed to admit that it took me this long to try John's. 
Being that today is Valentine's day and I generally eat my emotions when miserable, I figured that today was the perfect day to skip classes and walk over to see what everyone in the world has been hyping up. I took the advice of all you lovely Yelpers and called my order in - large roast pork with sharp provolone and sauteed spinach. I was told 5-10 minutes, and after a 15 minute walk and a 5 minute wait in the smallest place ever, I had my hefty sandwich, a diet A&W root beer (hey, SOMETHING had to be no calories about this meal), and a table outside on this unseasonably gorgeous day. 
If I had been alone outside instead of surrounded by all sorts of people, I would've said outloud what I said to myself: HOLY FUCK THIS IS THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING I HAVE EVER INGESTED. Seriously, after the first bite I was in love. The roast pork is impeccably seasoned and tender, the spinach is sauteed with lots of delicious garlic, and the juices from both of those made the Sarcones rolls, which normally cut my gums from being too hard, nice and moist. I literally ate half of that monster in probably like 5 minutes, which I'm sure disgusted everyone around me because no one should eat that much food that quickly. I'm attempting to save the other half for dinner but to be perfectly honest I keep sneaking bites every time I make a fake excuse to go to my fridge. 
Seriously, if anyone ever claims that there is a better roast pork sandwich in Philadelphia they are wrong and deserved to be slapped and carted here immediately so you can prove them wrong and say "I told you so" at least 50 times to their face.
(Important facts - they close at 3 and really are usually busy so calling in your order may be a good idea if you're in a rush. Also - cash only)
15 MINUTES POST-REVIEW EDIT: The sandwich is finished. So much for dinner!Yes, I think that their cheesesteaks are the best in the city.  They are packed with juicy meat, very flavorful.  The only drawback is that it's not easy to get there since they close early and are in out of the way place for me.  However, when I make field trips for work down to the South Philly area, I have to stop in and have the best.What can be said. It's simply a perfect roast pork sandwich. I'm not going to say it's the best because honestly, do we want to live in a world in which one sandwich reigns supreme?  No. We want a world (or at least a Philly) in which a number of sandwiches can stand together as a team.  Like the Eagles.  Anyway, with that said, this one calls to me every once in a while and I must answer. What a beautiful thing.Seems so odd to say considering it is such a non-descript shack in the middle of nowhere, but this shack with hardly any seating (and no indoor seating) has both the best cheesesteaks AND the best roast pork sandwiches.  Not just in Philly... anywhere.
Bon Appetit, other publications, TV food hosts, and plenty of others agree.  Many sources (including Andrew Zimmern) think that the roast pork sandwich here is the best sandwich in the country.  Period.
It really is that good.Best sandwich I've ever had 
Generous portion ( 12 oz.) 
Quality ingredients 
Very price worthy  $9 for a huge sandwich
No indoor seating 
Odd ordering system
Small little shop
Cash only 
Only open till around 3 or till they run out of breadBest Cheesesteak hands down. When it's time for a Cheesesteak. We will be trying the pork sandwich on next visit . Atmosphere was rediculous !! But in a great experience kind of way ! Gives you something to do while waiting for your food . awesome place .I wrote a bad review awhile back for their cheesesteak, which I still think was one of the worst I had in Philly because the beef was as chewy as rubber at times.
BUT THE ROAST PORK! I don't know why people don't get it more. Best pork sandwich I've possibly had ever. Comes with spinach for some greens. Really 5 star.Here's what I love about a place like this: it's REAL.  It feels like it hasn't been updated in a while.  Yeah, the "seating" consists of old picnic tables in a vacant lot behind the building.  Sometimes the steaks take a while.  Because each order is made fresh.  Yeah, there's a line out the door.   There's a system but the system isn't confusing.  Separate counters depending on what you're ordering.  Read the signs, go where you need to go, and know what you want on your sandwich.  You need to have your choices ready to roll when you get up the counter. The staff is all yelling at each other (in an it's-extremely-crowded-and-noisy-in-here kind of way, not a mean way).  The place is a zoo but somehow the staff is very friendly and efficient.  Oh, and by the way, the place is a zoo because it's unique, classic, and incredible.
The food?  Mind-blowing.  We got and split a roast pork sandwich (spinach and sharp provolone) and a cheesesteak (mushrooms, onions, peppers, provolone).  Banana and cherry peppers and pickles on a shelf outside the building if you're interested.  I really can't say what comments were exchanged while we were eating because I don't think either of us bothered to speak.  We just ate.  Both sandwiches were wonderfully flavorful, melty, crispy, rich.  If you want to know what old-school Philly food is (i.e. if you want to, I don't know, have the Rocky theme playing in the back of your head while you eat), go here.  There was far more food than we needed, which isn't the same as saying we didn't finish it.  We threw out empty wrappers when we left.Maybe I'm missing something here. I came down to Philly with a buddy to see some historic sights (The USS Olympia is a historic "must see" as Dewey's flagship in the Battle of Manila Bay in 1898).
Waited in line a good 30-40 minutes for the Pork sandwich w/ mild provolone and spinach. Not only was I unimpressed, I didn't care for the flavor of the pork at all. I really couldn't put my finger on it, and perhaps thought it was the spinach funkifying the sandwich but when I got the 2nd half home hours later and it still sucked, I figured it out. Either the brine they soak the pork in or the pork itself has that same flavor of the spice packet that you get with supermarket corned beef. If I wanted a damned corned beef sandwich, I'd have gone to a kosher deli.
My buddy ordered the chicken philly cheese steak  and it was pretty damned good, so perhaps John's philly cheese steak is good as well. Could not say as I didn't order it.
All I know is that the pork sandwich was NOT good and I wound up throwing away most of the 2nd half of the admittedly generous portion.
Tony Luke's pork is MUCH better and I didn't try DiNics Pork sandwich, which won the Best Sandwich in the US, but the best sandwich I've had at all the places that I've been to was the Fried Chicken cutlet, mild provolone, and broccoli rabe at Tony Lukes.   
I'll try DiNic's next time I'm in Philly.Visited Philly on a whim and what an amazing place to eat!  We picked it based on multiple good reviews on multiple sources and you definitely won't be disappointed.  Any time I'm near this spot, I'm going to go out of my way to eat there.  Friendly staff, quick service, and amazing food!  We ordered a Philly Cheese Steak and the famous Roast Pork.  Both had their own unique flavor and were delicious.  I'm recommending this spot to everyone!!After reading great reviews on Yelp and seeing John's on the PA episode of Bizarre Foods, I finally got around to trying their roast pork sandwich.  I've made a few trips since then and it's been great every time.
I recommend the roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach.  It's one of my favorite sandwiches.  I've heard good things about their cheese steaks but haven't tried one yet.
Be aware, John's can get busy around lunch time and if you order from the grill be prepared to wait.Hands down the best cheesesteak anywhere!  Get a Sharp Prov Wit.  So good.  The roast pork and other sandwiches are also very good.  Only downside are the hours.My husband and I went to Philly for the first time this weekend. We are from New York/ New Jersey so we had our filled of delicious food. John's Roast Pork was the first spot we hit in Philly on our way from Jersey. We got a roast pork sandwich with provolone cheese and spinach and a cheesesteak with American cheese and onions. We both had half of each sandwich. And O M G - hands down the best cheesesteak and roast pork sandwich we ever had. We thought - how can it get better than this?!? After 2 days we took 3 of our other friends back there and they thought it was awesome too! The workers even remember us and asked if we live there! We just couldn't get enough! We went to 2 other cheesesteak joint and it was not as good in comparison. If you visit Philly, this is a must try place!!! They won a James Beard award and they don't give those out to just anyone!We were in Philly for one night and I had to check of a Philly cheese steak off my bucket list.  After reading many reviews we decided to try John's because of the rave reviews for the pork.  We ordered the pork a cheese steak.  The steak was good but the pork was beyond delicious.   Can't wait to come back.  Pork all the way!!!!Roast Pork with spinach and sharp provolone was excellent!!! My wife had the bacon cheese steak and said it was the best cheese steak she's had!! Definitely coming back. 
Only issue was we went back on Saturday around 1145 and they were closed...we were a little frustrated since their hours say 9am -4pm Saturdays. Thats the only reason i gave 4 stars.Wrote a review on here sometime ago calling Tony Luke's a fraud, well after having a cheesesteak from John's Roast Pork, I stand by my review even more. How anyone can eat at Tony Luke's with this place just a few miles away is beyond me. The same guy that cooks takes your order after he is done preparing the order he was working on...Hey it works for them!!I finally had a chance to go to John's Roast Pork and I had one of the best cheesesteaks I have ever had in the City of Philadelphia. I met a positive wonderful staff member named Lisa who let me sample the roasted pork and all I can say is.......mind blowing!!!!!!! John's Roast Pork is definitely the BEST in Philadelphia. If you haven't eaten there yet, you have to get there.I drove past this place so many times without noticing it, until my mom suggested I check it out (she saw a review in Gourmet magazine).  As soon as my girlfriend and I drove up, we could tell we'd been missing something great. The smiling pig sign (he's happy because he's so delicious!) and the line out the door, the incredible mash-up of Philly characters, all those awards displayed...
We usually get a small roast pork with sharp provolone and a steak with grilled onions, american, and ketchup. I like provolone on the steak too, but the gf prefers the ooey gooey american. We split the pork and steak so we can sample both sandwiches because they are both SO GOOD. we usually have leftovers to eat for dinner, and spent a little over $20 with sodas (cash only). 
ROAST PORK: the small comes on a kaiser roll, large comes on a sesame seed roll. the pork is served from a pot where it's been marinating in delicious, spicy, clove-infused juices. i've never noticed it to be too salty, but it's definitely very strongly flavored (stay away if that's not your thing). the roll gets soggy quickly so eat up (though it's still delicious even the next day)! what a mouthful of deliciousness!
note that if you're just ordering a pork sandwich you don't have to stand in the grill line - you can usually cut in front of most people (wait till the pork man yells to the line for any pork orders)
STEAK: made fresh to order as per your instructions. yelpers have said this already, but it's worth repeating - the meat is delicious, enveloped with plenty of cheese in every bite, cradled in that roll...mmm! definitely the best cheesesteak i've ever had. and for those who complain about no cheese whiz - fuck cheese whiz. 
in the cold months, eat in your car if you can to enjoy the freshest sandwiches. when it's warm enough to eat oustide, make it a point to sit at the picnic tables. i had the pleasure of dining a few times with the lady who runs the place - not sure of her name, but her sons manage it now (she just comes to eat!). she told me all about her son, and is happy to sit and talk with her happy customers...
in sum, john's roast pork is a culinary and social EXPERIENCE! check it out - it's not THAT hard to find (grab a friend with a car and GO on your lunch break), worth the (brief) wait, and soooooooo delicious!
ps: i'm really surprised no one has mentioned the REASON for the limited hours and location: they first opened to serve the dock workers, and haven't changed their hours or location (or their recipes, i imagine) since!This was the Best Cheesesteak that I have had in Philadelphia so far. Great portion of meat, the cheese and the onions were blended in, and not seperated. So beyond the great presentation, then there was the taste, which was just phenomenal. Not only did it have a great seasond taste, the cheese and the onions were in every bite. Look forward to trying the roast pork on the next visit!!This place is everything I expected and I could not be more happy with my food, service and experience. This is the only place I required we go to on our trip to Philly, not the Rocky statue, not the Liberty Bell, but John's. I first learned of this place on an episode of Bizarre Foods on the Travel Channel. The place is run by the children and the matriarch sits at one of the tables outside just like she did on Bizarre Foods. I got the traditional pork sandwich with cheese, peppers and spinach and it was one of the best sandwiches of my life and it was so big I sadly couldn't eat it all. Do yourself a favor and skip the cheese steak places and get a real Philly staple, a roast pork sandwich from John's.Didn't understand what the big fuss was about - my pork sandwich tasted kind of salty, bland, and watery. This was at lunchtime on a weekday while they were doing a lot of business, so everything should have been fresh...sooooo sooooo good
and they gave a ton of roast pork to my dog-these guys are the best!The roast pork is moist but flavorless. You definitely need cheese and maybe some bitter broccoli rabe to add some taste to it. The pork is too wet so it makes the bread really soggy.
The cheese steak on the other hand, that's one of my favorites. It comes on a nice sub w/ sesame seeds. The sesame adds a lot to the taste.Place was closed when I showed up at 8 on Friday the 23rd. You want a good review you need to be open. It didn't even have an explanation as to why they were closed. I went two hours out of my way for this mediocrity.I had the Roast Pork and the Cheesesteak...kind of by mistake,  they accidentally made me both sandwiches & ended up giving me one for free.  The Roast Pork was great, juicy but not too wet.  The steak and cheese was ok...I would go back for the roast pork though. 
5 star custom service for sure...I gave them a fat tip to make up for the free sandwich!Great steak sandwich but my problem with this place is that no one wears gloves. They handle your food with bare hands, kinda nasty !Good food, nice staph and good atmosphere. I would definitely eat here again. This is a good spot.Nice! This is the first time having a cheesesteak for me. I really enjoyed it! The sandwiches are really fast and fresh, and the service is really friendly. I recommend their roast beef and roast pork sandwiches, but back away from the Italian sausage. It's just bread and sausage. If you're close by, give it a try!A big thanks to Yelp for helping me find a perfect cheesesteak sandwich. 
Fortunately, I walked in at 6:45 Monday night and ordered immediately. 
While waiting for the sandwich to be made, I spoke with the 83 year old matriarch of the Bucci family. Over three generations at the same location making sandwiches, I didn't realize just how good a cheesesteak I was going to eat. 
A 10!!!!No really, it's the best cheesesteak in the Illadelph! I don't care what people may say about the other (very worthy) establishments, John's cheesesteak is phenomenal (my mouth literally just started to water and I haven't been there in a month).
The hours are VERY limited but this place is not only worth the trip - it's worth playing hooky for. There are some tables outside and there's not a lot of room inside but if you want a posh atmosphere I think you've stumbled upon the wrong review for the wrong type of food.
A word to the wise, they call it John's Roast Pork for a reason so I suggest bringing a few bucks to get one of those as an appetizer while your steak is cooking or to bring on the road with you for dessert.I walked a long way to get to John's Roast pork only to find myself in a long queue. It smelled great and I was really excited to try Philly's supposed best. 
I ordered the signature roast pork which was frankly a little low on flavour. Good thing they have a counter for unlimited (and free!) pickles to spice things up. I wrapped some up for later and it was a b-a-d idea. The sandwich is strictly average once it is cold and I had to throw some away. I didn't go back but I have a hunch the steaks are better. 
It's super crowded - at least on Saturdays during lunch so make sure you have enough time.Get in line and get a sandwich. It's worth the wait, parking issue or any other obstacle to eat here. Best Philly cheese, best  pork. Hands down this place wins.Cheesesteak just OK. Lots of meat, but not much cheese & hardly any onions. I've had better back home in California. Bathroom was really gross, enter at your own risk. Rat trap under the pedestal sink!!I was headed back to Detroit from a business trip and had some extra time before my flight. I love that John's is so close to the airport! Having tried Philly cheese steak knock offs all over the country, it's nice to come back to an original. I just love the simplicity of John's place, but the tastiness of the food! You can't beat this cheese steak!!!If you want a true south philly classic, go here. Roast pork sandwhich with brocoli rabe is to die for. Can't get it over here in nj.While the food is generally good - old school but good - the service is so bad that it will generally appeal only to tourists, the aged and those who have nowhere else to be all day.  Whether it is crowded or not, you will be ignored for as long as possible while a girl behind the counter plays with a rag or her nails.  It seems more intentional than anything else, which is particularly annoying - like you are bothering them with your very presence.  There are other good sandwich places nearby (Tony Lukes etc) where the line may be twice as long but will move twice as fast.Like everyone says the roast pork italiano is a good sandwich.  What I agree with more is that the cheesesteak is a great sandwich.  If you're new to the order line, just remember that the grill orders go to the grill guy, and the pork and roast beef orders go to the pork lady.  I didn't know that.  Now I know.  The James Beard award is a nice touch.I have tried quite a few different places in the philly area for cheesesteaks sandwiches and wow I'd say Johns Roast pork cheesesteak sandwich is really top notch. As a matter of fact, I put John's Roast Pork and Max's tied for first for the best cheesesteak in the philly area. Seagraves in Elsinboro township in NJ would be in second. The cheesesteak at John's is delicious, super tasty and you can see it as they cook it on their flat iron grill. Small place but has quite the following. My cheesesteak sandwich had white American cheese with onions and mushrooms. Super delicious!Thank you Yelpers for letting me know about John's in Philly.  If you have yet to have your cheese steak cherry popped, please head straight to John's.  Their sandwiches are HUGE compared to the one I had at Jim's on South Street, and oohhhh soooo delicious!  It made me forget I was eating on an outdoor bench in 40 degree weather.  Also try their famous roast pork sandwich.  Tender cuts of roasted pork seasoned perfectly with their secret family recipe.  I suggest the  large roasted pork sandwich with mild provolone, onion rings and a root beer...heaven on Earth.  The line to this place was out the door when we got there and now I know why.  
This place is kinda off the beaten path - having a GPS in the car helped, but we still ended up making a few wrong turns before we found it.  Parking isn't a problem - you can park on the street, or, if that isn't available, there is a shopping center right across the street that has tons of parking.Philadelphia, Pennsylvsnia ---
"John's Roast Potk" is a Philly icon for the famous Philly steak & pork sandwich since 1930.
It is located on Snyder near 2nd Street, home of the famous annual January 1 "Mummer's 2 Street pARTy".
The place is true Philly!  A true "cheese, no cheese" place.  Know what you want, know where to stand, & be assertive.
Signs are there, but they are only clear to the regular customer.  People are standing everywhere, with people who ordered & people who have yet to order, and 
... mixed together with those who want a grilled Philly steak sub/hoagie OR roast pork "sandwich" (which is actually a sub/hoagie) ...
the staff is frienfly, but Philly direct ... know what you want and don't hold up the line!
A small location with lots of character.  Outdoor & indoor seating tables available.  Be prepared to share a table.  No off-street parking (that I saw), and limited street parking.
A "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite experience, although, not my personal favorite Philly steak sandwich.
As a 1st-timer, I totally enjoyed the chaos & perdonslities of the staff.
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
#RunAwayBill #FoodUSA #FoodRAB #Philidelphia #Philly #PhillyCheeseSteak #JohnsRoastPork 
04.27.18Great authentic Philly cheesesteak best that we have had in the city. This is where the locals go not a tourist trap the employees are great and the food is unbelievable.Great pork sandwich and a unique Philly experience. If this place hasn't been on a food tv show, it should be next up.They ran out of bread!  Really??  Went over to Tony Lukes where they had plenty of bread!I've been living in cheesesteak desert for the past 4 years; I was reminiscing over cheesesteaks past and stumbled upon this review again.  Mouth watering... belly rumbling... can't wait till my next visit.....BAR NONE, the best cheesesteak in all of the world (and it ain't even close). I have enjoyed many good cheesteaks in my life but nothing can compare to John's. I am not sure what is better the insane quality of the meat or the crispy chewy seeded roll it comes on! I swear their grill adds something (maybe crack) to the flavor of the sandwich that makes John's flavor so distinct and delicious! If you are into cheesesteaks you have got to get here ASAP!Wow great roast pork sandwich with spinach and provolone....the staff was great to... We had just flew into philly airport and they made us feel right at homeI am a whiz fan, through and through.  I usually dont get a cheesesteak if they dont offer whiz, but I heard so much...
I waited in line for 45 minutes, but I would do it again in a heartbeat!!!
The staff is so super nice.
I really wanted to try the roast pork, but I had come for a cheesesteak, so that's what I got.
American with friend onions.
Without a doubt the most flavorful meat without the strings of fat!  The cheese was thoroughly mixed.  There wasnt a single bite that was gooey cheesey goodness.
My only problem,,,Too big.  After the first half, I wanted just a little bit more and half way through the second half, my tummy was full, but it was so good, I forced myself to finish.
Needless to say, I didnt eat anything else the rest of the day!
Side Note: If you need to have whiz, try Sonny's at 3rd and MarketThis place never seemed to be open whenever I wanted it, but FINALLY I got here this past Saturday around noon while Christmas shopping.
Was it an amazing cheesesteak that I'm dying to have again? No.  But was it a very good, piping hot lunch perfect for a cold day? Yes.  
I do want to return and try their namesake roast pork and perhaps a meatball sub.  I like that they also serve hot breakfast sandwiches, fries, onion rings, etc.  A nice varied menu.
The ordering process was, well, hectic.  Crammed into that TINY space with people shouting names and orders over each other for about 20 minutes wasn't ideal, but gives me hope about how much of a staple this place is and how their food is in such high demand.  No wonder they have limited hours - they must sell out of stuff quickly.  
I really loved the local, no gimmicks feel of the place.  All the staff was super friendly and it felt like a neighborhood "everyone knows everyone" spot.  
I loved even more that warm, fresh seeded roll - it makes such a difference!  The American cheese on my steak was plentiful and gooey and the steak was fresh and juicy, but I do wish it was seasoned with a little more S&P.  Fried onions were on point.
Parking is limited and be prepared to wait quite a bit for your food as it's made fresh to order.The BEST CHEESESTEAK in the world. I'm not a big pork guy but the pork is very good and the roast beef is decent too.  The grill goes off at 230pm so get there early.I've decided to write my first review on John's Roast Pork. Not for any particular reason. Just because I have some time to kill and I'm beginning to make friends on Yelp (which I didn't even know was possible until a few months ago) so I don't want to be completely useless.
JRP is located on an interesting intersection of Snyder and Weccacoe. I say interesting but I mean chaotic. Every street intersecting with Snyder is a 4 way stop sign where no one understands what a stop sign is for.
That being said, I made it there alive. I heard it gets busy but I was there around noon on a Thursday and there were only 3 people in front of me. I ordered the roast pork sandwich with onions, peppers, and sharp provolone. 
They made the sandwich very quickly but it turned out they don't take credit cards. Fortunately there is an ATM right next to the register. Unfortunately for me, I lost my debit card about a month ago, got a new PIN, and I couldn't remember what it was. The sandwich came out to be a little over $7 and I only had $7 in cash on me. The wonderful woman at the register told me not to worry about it and just gave me the sandwich for the $7 I had. I wasn't able to buy a drink but I wasn't going to complain after that.
The sandwich was delicious. There is no seating inside the restaurant but there are tables just outside. The pork was super juicy and dripping in whatever sauce they cook it in but the bread remained soft without sopping up every juice and becoming soggy. I punished the sandwich in about 3 minutes and went on my merry way. 
Overall a great restaurant, kind people with quick service, and delicious food. The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because it's in Philly. I hate you Philly.I came here and got the famous Roast Pork that John's is known for and I wasn't really impressed. I just don't get it. We ate it right away and the roll was already soggy and the meat was too salty. I would give their cheesesteaks a try, but I will probably not be getting the roast pork again. Really unfortunate since I had heard such good things about this place.I don't understand the hype. My brother and I are from Boston, MA and we had read great things about this restaurant. We got and split both a pork sandwich and a cheesesteak sandwich and I truly don't understand how this place gets away with selling $10 sandwiches that taste average at best. As in, I could make the same quality cheesesteak in my own home but in all honesty, this might speak to the low ceiling of a cheesesteak sandwich to begin with. However, the portions are sizable and I had trouble finishing 3/4ths of a sandwich. If this review doesn't dissuade the reader from trying this overhyped sandwich joint, I recommend the cheesesteak over the roast pork.James Beard award.  Do I need to say more?
Ok, fine.  It's awesome, plain and simple.  The roast pork and the cheesesteak are ridiculously good.  The hot roast beef was good, but not on the same level as the other two.  The M-F only hours mean it's hard to get there, but it's worth the wait.  
Definitely one of Philly's hidden gems.I came here while I was in Philly for a cousins wedding. For months I had been recommending this place to my entire family. Unfortunately all the hype was a waste of time. We went there on a Tuesday afternoon around lunchtime, the line was around the corner, but I was determined to show my family the best Philly cheesesteak's in Philadelphia. We finally got our sandwiches, sat down and ate them only to discover that they were all dry and unseasoned. Never again will I come here. You're better off going to Gino's/Pats/Jim's/Steves for an amazing expierience.It's the best pork sandwich in Philly.  The place itself is a shack, and i mean a shack, however the sandwiches are excellent.  It's a popular spot so be prepared to wait in line.  It's an interesting South Philly experience, everyone calls the owners mother, mom and it's a friendly place.   I really enjoy it.At first I complained about the price, but then after I got my meal, I realized that I could feed 2 to 3 people!!  The steak was very tasty. The fries should be split between 2 or 3 people. Lol. The next time I go here I'll have to try the cheesesteak with spinach. Just a hint...you may want them to cut your sandwich in 3.  :-)Oh my goodness!  That is how I felt after biting into my roast pork sandwich.  I ordered my pork with sharp provolone.  The order process was simple and straightforward.  I was surprised to see they use spinach instead of broccoli rabe.  I decided to skip getting that on my sandwich.   My pork was tender and seasoned very well.  The roll played a perfect companion to the sandwich.  It definitely was one of those live in the present culinary experience.  I tried to savor each and every bite.  
The restaurant is small.  There is seating outside, but it is very limited.   If you arrive by car, parking can be a little tricky.  There is a strip mall across the street with a parking lot.  I really can't imagine a better tasting roast pork sandwich.I feel like I cheated coming to this place for one of my first cheese steaks. This thing was incredible. Perfectly crispy beef, real provolone cheese, sauteed onions and mushrooms. Doesn't get any better than this.I do not understand the attraction.  What I just got was a peppery (otherwise tasteless) $10 pork sandwich with canned spinach on a soggy bun. I can't get over how terrible it was. The next homeless person I see will get the other one we bought. I suppose its better than nothing.  So gross, it was just so gross. Go to Genos.I was so excited to try John's Roast Pork, and I'm sure they have awesome food. So, wait, what's this review about then?
They were closed when their website says they'd be open. Apparently John's used to be closed on Saturdays, but the website says as of 4/7/2012 they would be open on Saturdays from 10-4. So I stood at a bus stop in 85 degree weather with 95% humidity for 20 minutes, rode the bus, and walked a half mile in the blazing sun on 5/26/2012 to experience the best that Philly has to offer - and they're closed when I arrived at 12:30pm. Let's just say I cannot post the words that came out of my mouth at that moment.
I'm pretty confident that John makes some amazing cheesesteaks, but I'll never know. I was only visiting for the weekend, and the chances of me returning to Philly are probably pretty slim. If you post hours, I expect you to be open. If not, update you're website. It's 2012...it's not that hard. So I guess the lesson learned is if you're in Philly and want to go to John's, do it on a weekday to be safe.Not nearly as good as DiNic's or Tony Luke's for the Roast Pork. The bread and lack of broccoli rabe just do the overall sandwich a disservice. Yes, the put more pork on the sandwich, but it creates an imbalance for the overall flavor, in my opinion. Instead of a blend of sharp provolone, rabe, and pork in each bite, you get more bites of pure pork and it tends to overwhelm the cheese. The spinach just doesn't provide that bite and sharpness that the rabe does.
Service is relatively efficient but not friendly-- as is the case with most of the steak or pork shops in Philly. It's a good spot to grab a sandwich, but with better options in the city-- I'm only hitting these guys if the others aren't open (which is never).