Had a great lunch here. I ordered a chicken Caesar and my dining companion ordered a custom salad. Waitress had a great personality and did not rush us at all. Allowed us to linger. Great space which is hidden from the outside.This place has a great location for the hungry tourist. It manages to be edgy yet chill at the same time. My reason for stopping in was to try the ahi fish tacos with avocado relish, which sounded awesome. At around 3 there was still a healthy amount of people attesting to its popularity and eatability. They had a selection of local microbrews (bottle, not draft) for those interested in getting a taste of Philly in beer form. Alas, I ordered my tacos, but had a little Scooby Doo moment when the arrived. Somehow the chef decided that it was okay to put such a delicate fish in premade taco shells...enough to makes this SoCal girl wince a little and question whether I should consume. Luckily the flavor of the fish was great. I only saw one half inch cube of avocado, but at least the sauce was yummy! 
I got a glimpse of the brunch menu...looks pretty tasty I must say...I LOVE JONES. Honestly.....
I was introduced to Jones at the YEE earlier this year. The food was divine. Comfort food to the max. Mac and Cheese that I could've eaten with a ladle, sliders, pigs in a blanket, delicious cocktails. Yum yum gimme some.
We came back with my mother and fell in love again. The calamari is the best calamari I've had in quite some time. Perfectly crisp, not rubbery, full of flavor. Yum.
For dessert? I had the Duncan Hines slice of yellow cake and glass of milk. Genius.
We came back AGAIN a few weeks ago when a friend was visiting from LA. I had the Seared Ahi Tuna. The husband had the Halibut. Our friend had the Roast Beef Dinner. Our friend won when it came to food selection. My belly was so warm and happy after one bite of his roast beef. The meat was succulent, juicy, the perfect medium rare. The mashed taters were creamy with a slight hint of garlic. Mmmm.
I preferred my husband's halibut over my tuna. The tuna was good, but the halibut had more flavor, IMO.
Can't wait to go back again. Yum yum yum.I have been here numerous times for brunch, dinner and take out during lunch time hours. Staff is always friendly and the food is delicious.I'm not really sure why I bother going to other restaurants. 
Every Valentine's Day I try to find some cute, new little BYO for me and my boyfriend to try out and I spend weeks scouring menus and Yelp reviews. 
Every year SOMETHING goes wrong and I get frustrated and pissed off and he always says "Let's go to Jones".
This year was no different. We went out last night (2/12/11...the weekend before Valentines Day) to the BYO I picked out and when I made our reservations, no mention was made that they had a special fixed menu that night consisting SOLELY of seafood, which I am allergic to. As I started to get upset at our table, my boyfriend said "Let's go to Jones".
We got there, were told there was a little bit of a wait, so we sat at the bar for a drink. About 5-10 minutes later they came and got us and sat us at our table. Our waiter (who was WONDERFUL and looked like Jared Leto - extra bonus-) came over and took our order and the food came out perfectly (as usual) and right on time.
We both got the filet, done rare and the spinach it came with was fantastic. The mac and cheese is also an app we get every time and is one of my favorites. I got the deviled eggs for the first time and holy crap they were amazing. I'm gonna say, possibly the best ones I've ever had (sorry, Dad). 
Everything about this restaurant leans towards comfort and it's always done so well. The atmosphere, the staff, the decor, the food, hell even the temperature. I've never had a bad experience at Jones and I don't think I ever will. 
Next year....we'll just go straight to Jones.Four stars for a great little gem. I stopped in last minute before a show and was able to grab 2 seats at the bar. 
The drinks were glorious, the bartenders were glorious, and I had a salad the size of a small infant.
It did seem to fill up fairly quickly, so I recommend a reservation and empty bellies.Food was really good, portions are big so we were able to share which brought the price down to a more reasonable amount.I've been here quite a few times now and the ambiance and food are great! It is a bit on the pricey side but their salads are worth it! They have a make your own salad list, where you can check any ingredients you want in your salad for a flat price of $15 and the portions are huge! 
The service here is also great! Definitely recommend this place!The ambience and decor were nice. The nachos were good, along with a few choice options. However, do not order a cheeseburger. It is not only tiny, but it looks like something that was dropped off the back of a McDonald's truck as it was driving through a bad neighborhood. It was over cooked, dry, and just plain nasty. I was very disappointed to find such a flop in a restaurant that seems to be filled with blockbusters. The overall experience was fine, but that burger sure did ruin it.  The fries were another disappointment all their own.Service was fine (other than our dirty appetizer plates sitting stacked at the end of the table throughout our meal) - Had the mac and cheese appetizer arrived before we placed our order, we probably would have left - Mac and cheese had odd plastic-y taste - Crab cake was bland - seared tuna should have come on a smaller plate (three slices of tuna on top of rice on one side of a rectangular plate) - we ordered a chicken soup to go and had to throw it out when we arrived at our destination because the cardboard cover had popped off the hot cup - pear crisp was the best part - $4 cup of coffee was tepid, at bestI went to Jones because I was craving a good home cooked meal.  I ordered the "Thanksgiving" dinner and wished I had saved money and gone to the nearest diner.  The turkey was supposedly baked but it tasted like lunch meat.  The mashed potatoes were instant and the stuffing was not good at all.  Pre-cut carrots served as a bland vegetable.  The best part of the meal was the cranberry sauce which was excellent.  The price was twice that of most diners for a similar meal.   I feel I wasted my money.  Other menu entrees may be very good so if you go there don't order the "thanksgiving dinner".  You would be better off buying a TV dinner.I didn't know what to expect when I got there but it was incredible.  Lots of varieties on food and alcohol.  Macaroni and cheese is to die for.  
Not expensive either.  Definitely a great place.Jones brunch is amazing. Went with four friends and we got the all got bottomless Bellinis which is a great deal. They let it sit there for 2 hours while we drank as much as we could. The mac and cheese is to die for. Monkey bread is a great appetizer for the table. Chicken and Waffles was really good. Chicken was moist and and the skin was gently fried. The syrup was nice and sweet. The Ambiance was great. We have reservations and we were seated right away.This place is vegetarian-friendly. The server was friendly. Only thing I regret is not trying their dessert.Let me start by saying I have had many great experiences at Jones but I forgot what it's like to book a reservation for a star group restaurant.
I tried to make a Sunday brunch reservation before the flower show for 10 people and was told I needed to speak with some one in the events office( not sure when a party of ten became an event).
I was told to book this i would need a preset menu and a deposit. Who does this? I spent over 25 years working in restaurants doing every job from busboy up to managing partner and I have never heard of doing this. I guess the Star group doesn't need the salesGirl's weekend in Philly! We were recommended to eat at Jones and I was sold when I was told Chicken and Waffles were on the menu. However, when I got there and took a look around I saw the chicken and waffles and decided it wasn't for me (you only get half a waffle and the chicken looked dry.. maybe I am jaded by Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles). After a night of gorging on cheesesteaks I decided to go light and ordered the bagel with lox and honey nut cherrios. The cherrios were served with fresh fruit and the presentation of both my dished were nice. My girlfriends ordered a spinach omelet,  huevos ranchero, tater tots and mac and cheese. The macaroni and cheese was to die for.. baked  thick and topped with bread crumbs. The portions were good sizes and they had fun cocktails (make your own bloody marys). The only downside was the service.. for some reason our waitress hated us. She had an attitude and lacked enthusiasm. 
Overall we loved Jones and will definitely return on our next trip!I went with a friend yesterday for a birthday lunch.We got there mid-afternoon and were seated right away. They were still serving their brunch menu and i was slightly disappointed because most of it consisted of breakfast foods, of which I wasn't really in the mood for.  The food was pretty good though. I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup which was quite good. However we felt that the service was definitely lacking. Everyone was very nice but our waitress was MIA most of the time. I asked for a re-fill on my water and that took like 10-15 minutes only after I asked again did I get it. It wasn't just that though, that actually wasn't even that big of deal to me. SHe checked on us once and then disappeared the rest of the time. When we had finished eating  she was no where to be found. We literally sat there with our finished plates for about 15 minutes and i would attribute it to being busy but it wasn't even busy because at that point we were literally the only ones in the section we were in, and there was only a handful of people in the restaurant itself. We had to call over a staff member to get our waitress  and they ended up just getting our check for us and making up some lame excuse about our server doing some type of stock in the basement. If that was really the case though why didn't anyone else cover her table? It was obvious that we were finished for some time and looking around for our waitress and like 4 different staff members walked by our table at least 5 times. Overall the food was good and everyone was friendly but the service itself left something to be desired...I just felt like there was no excuse because it wasn't at all crowded.Jones has the look, feel, and most importantly, taste, of an upscaled American diner. 
The menu is a good size, lots of options for people  but not so much as to make me concerned for the amount of ingredients that need to be stocked. Perfect for a weekend brunch.
The secret here is the staff. Our server was one of the best I have ever had. She was friendly and efficient, making great suggestions (pickle juice in a Bloody Mary? Awesome!), keeping our coffees refilled, and keeping us updated on the status of our drink and food orders. Everything came out perfectly and pretty quickly. 
Our food was excellent, and serving gravy on the side for chicken and waffles is a fantastic idea. The heuvos rancheros were nice and light, and our request for sriracha was gladly met. 
Overall, one of the best experiences I have had in this part of the city, and we will certainly be back, and bringing friends to join us!I have to admit, I'm kind of over Starr restaurants.  They were cool 5 years ago, but they seem to be a dime a dozen anymore.  That said, I still do love Jones, after all of these years.  The service is generally pretty good.  I still love the decor, feeling like I'm stepping into the Brady Bunches living room.  The food is great when you want comfort food.  
On the downside, it's always crowded, even during lunch hour.   But I guess the upside is the food and the fact that the people that work there aren't full of themselves, the way that most other servers are in his restaurants.These 5 stars are strictly for the Chicken and Waffles!  It's the only thing I've eaten there...cause when I go there I can't think of anything else to get., I taste the Chicken and Waffles while looking for parking!
Here's a suggestion...you can take that gravy and seal some loose wallpaper with it...butter and syrup will do just fine....
One thing....do you serve a half a waffle so we will ask for the second half and have to pay for it?  Come on!!!!
Now....back to the Chicken part of the Chicken and Waffles....
I am ashamed to write that my family made a pig of themselves by ordering more chicken and more waffles....
But looking back...it I wasn't so embarressed, I would have done the same!My buddy and I went for lunch (he's a Philly local; I'm an Auslander) and weren't disappointed.  Service was quite fast and the food great.  They serve the coffee in those ceramic off-white diner style mugs which I think always makes coffee taste better.  
I love the 70s vibe of this place.  It has a nice cozy feel and the carpet makes one feel like they're walking into the Jungle Room.
I would visit again when I'm back in Philly!Ordered lunch for delivery to Rittenhouse via Eat24. Took about an hour as estimated. Food needed more flavoring and seasoning, but not bad.A great restaurant with amazing food coupled with creative spirits.  A visit to Jones is a must every time I'm in Philly! I live for the Basket of Chicken and Mac n Cheese.Perfect dinner spot !!! Went here tonight with one friend and got sat right away in a very nice private spot. We only got appetizers and coffee and it was the perfect place for that, great service and environment. Totally going to come back for more than appetizers !!Love the vegetarian burger. The desserts are alright.Jones' has a great, low-key vibe albeit office-style arm chairs that are impossible to move.  The menu has a list of comfort foods that sound great, even though you feel like you should be able to make them at home (e.g., grilled cheese and mac 'n cheese). 
I had the calamari salad which had a nice smoky chipotle dressing over fresh greens and sweet corn--the only disappointing part was the I was eating cold fried calamari mixed in.  If the calamari had been grilled and more tender, I think this could have been a really great entree.  The drink list has some fun options, with the Bubbly Breeze being a light and enjoyable thirst-quencher.Not up to Starr quality. Calmari was soggy, oily. Diner food at 5 times diner prices. Won't go back.Well we went back again for dinner and we were far more pleased. I got the seared tuna which was incredibly tasty. My friends got other types of fish and chicken and waffles. All were really fantastic. We had gotten nachos as an app and each chip was individually dressed as perfect bites. You have to appreciate that kind of detail! Decent portion sizes. Great flavors and service. Even the sodas and beer list had a lot of gems. I would definitely go back again, just not get the eggs benedict at brunch again ;-)Jones. What a relief! Great food and unique lovely drinks. All this combined with knowledgeable staff that appear to enjoy working here. 
Had a smashing time.In Philly for the weekend and stumbled onto Jones on the way to our hotel.  Food is all-american comfort food.  Almost everything was excellent.  I thought the mac n' cheese was blah.  And the perogies were nothing above average at best.  Two turkey burgers, the chicken and waffles and the meatloaf all got two thumbs up.  Desserts were fantastic.  A couple in our group were dissapointed they still didn't have the donuts in the menu (but that could have been two years ago), but the chocolate chip bread pudding and the key lime pie were write home about good.  Drinks menu was full of house specialties, though we mostly stuck to the beer menu.
Service was average.  Seemed quick to take away our plates, and never there when you needed another drink.
I will stop just short of calling Jones kid friendly, but they took four adults, two infants under 6 months and a 4 year old without a reservation without questions and were very accomodating.  Granted we were there at 5:30.
Overall, we enjoyed.If you've ever had your heart broken, and you're one of the lucky few who eat their feelings, you know the first place you turn to is comfort food. There's nothing better than engorging in a giant heart-attack bowl of mac and cheese and then stuffing yourself silly with chocolate cake. A little bit of apple pie with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce doesn't hurt either.
Jones has made your life that much easier by offering not only quintessential comfort food for all diet levels - giant salads to seared tuna to grilled cheese and tomato soup to lusciously fatty chicken pot pie - and drinks strong enough to dehydrate all feeling from your aching emotions. 
In other words, if you ever need a bit of mom's cooking or a hug, come to Jones.If I could I would give 3 and a half stars.  We had some great dishes and some not great though nothing bad.  The calamari and pirogi were really great.  I had the curry beef sheperd's pie.  It was a lot of potato and very little beef.  My friends that had the fried chicken were happy with it.  The service was friendly and attentive.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, beers and wine.Fantastic comfort food.  The mac n cheese is incredible as an appetizer!  The Thanksgiving Dinner is probably my favorite entrée but the others I have had are very well done.  The atmosphere is 70s shabby chic and very inviting.  My only criticism would be that some dining areas are a little crammed but overall this facility is a fun Center City restaurant.  Very enjoyable.They kept us waiting and waiting with our three kids without telling us anything. 
Beside that, the food wasn't bad but really nothing exceptional especially for the price!Comfort food and the right ambiance. I'm a sucker for cool restaurant setups and the look of this place is lovely. Try the grilled cheese and tomato soup on a chilly or foggy afternoon.
Great lunch spot especially with friends or coworkers. The price is a tad steep for the simplicity of the food but not too bad once in awhile.Interesting modern interior of this place. 
Went here for a lunch meeting with an old friend. 
It was not too expensive and food came out quickly. Staff were friendly at the start and took the name of my guest as I was there before her. 
I ordered a brisket sandwich. I found the meat to be prepared very well. It was not dry and it was tasty. The gravy it was smothered in was delicious as well. I'd say some spice kick to it or some other flavor to balance it may make it even better. 
But, it was delicious. 
It came with a large side of thin fries that were also cooked well. 
Over all it was a positive experience and I would gladly visit this establishment again.Stephen Starr has yet to do wrong by my palette -- and since I'm an avid Philadelphia diner-outer, I've experienced most of his offerings in the city. Jones has a great selection of comfort food. The "Thanksgiving Dinner" is fantastic and will leave you feeling Thanksgiving Stuffed. The meatloaf is another hit, and the fried chicken and waffles made one of my good friends swoon for 20 minutes or so. The food is great.
The ambiance, however, is a bit more...raucous. It's a big, open, loud restaurant. Which, for the price range and meal options, should probably be expected. Still, though, it's annoying when you have to shout at dinner to be heard by the people sitting across from you.
Another reason for the four-star rating is that they don't take reservations. That's kind of a downer, and our group of four ended up waiting half an hour for a table. It certainly could've been worse, but we would have preferred to make reservations in advance and eliminate even that short of a wait.Jones markets itself as American comfort food and they are pretty much spot on.
The roasted organic chicken is amazing and the accompanying mashed potatoes are divine. The creamed spinach, however, came out a little more wet than creamy, and the server was kind enough to not charge us for it. The macaroni and cheese is also delicious, so are the potato pancakes.
Generally a fan, especially of their cocktails. 
The weird two-person booth seating can be a squeeze, though.After a long trip with many delays, I was looking for a quiet informal place to relax, eat and unwind.  Jones fit the bill.  The food was fair -- I had the "hold the burger" sandwich.  Good not great.  But the service was amazing.  The bartender loves his craft and takes it seriously.  He made several unusual but incredibly good drinks.  I would return any time I'm in phillie.I love this place! Probably one of my favorite places in Philly. A modern version of all of my favorite comfort foods! This restaurant is nicely decorated (with some weird pieces such as the huge mural by the bar) with helpful service. AND.... they serve fried chicken! What's not to love?It comes in a huge portion, definitely enough to fill two people, since they give you four pieces of crispy chicken! I am also usually a sucker for thanksgiving meals and Jones does a pretty decent job. I was afraid the turkey would be dry but it wasn't. I've been here several times for dinner but never for lunch. I've heard good stories from my friends about the different grilled cheese sandwiches, salmon dish and deviled eggs. I really want to try the calamari salad.... next trip!! 
Most entrees under $15. So many things I want to still try! Great for a night out with friends. Street parking wasn't too hard to find the past few times I've been there. However, there is a lot of valet parking around so that might be an issue, which is the only con.Stopped in for dinner and the first thing we noticed is the bar with nothing on tap uhhh wtf they also sat three of us at a table for two. We had the nachos and empanadas and they were both delicious but the empanadas would be better paired with a cilantro type sauce than the remoulad it came with and the nachos were super crispy but lacked chicken.  For meals we had the gyro meatball which was a fail you just don't get a bite of meat with every bite and it lacked taziki. However, the chicken and waffles were good.For desert I had the Duncan Hines chocolate cake and it literally taste like box nothing to write home about. Final note the 2 $$ are not accurate it should easily be $$$Yay for the market fresh salad. Finally a restaurant that I can tell them what to put in my salad and not feel bad about it.Great service!  Terrific comfort food!  Lovely, fun setting.I heard about Jones for the longest time as I have seen them featured on a few "Best of Philly" lists so I spent the first day of the New Year at Jones and was not disappointed. I went to try out the brunch (who can do a bad brunch, right?). This place has definitely earned a spot as one of my favorite places for brunch. Honestly, the prices are a on the steep side, not surprising due to the area, and most of their side items SHOULD be included on most the breakfast plates. For example, I think the omelettes should come with a portion of tater totes or a fruit salad, however; you have to order that as an additional side. 
Despite this shortcoming on the brunch menu, the food and drinks are truly great! They have some of the BEST pancakes I have ever tasted! They are large enough to be shared by two people and can be served topped with warm maple syrup, bananas and walnuts. Not to mention they are flurry, buttery and melt in you mouth delicious. They are to DIE for. I ordered a fruit bowl (berries, grapes, apples) the Grasshopper milkshake and I tried the Quiche. The quiche was light and fluffy and came with a side salad. Again, tater totes should be added on the plate. In addition, the quiche should come with an additional slice, its that great. 
Last but not least, the drinks. I tried a White Cranberry Orange Sangria and an adult milkshake. The sangria was so-so. It came in a small wine glass which was a disappointment since it was about $9.00. I had better tasting and sizes elsewhere. On the other hand, the adult milkshake, you guessed it made with alcohol, was creamy delicious made with chocolate  and topped with mint.
Overall, Jones for a Sunday Brunch is delicious! Hopefully, I can try the dinner menu soon!I will preface my review by saying that I had no idea this was a Steven Starr restaurant until after I came back home and read the yelp reviews...
That being said, after running into massive lines at both Morning Glory and Sabrina's and desperately in need of food while also wanting to try something new, we stumbled upon Jones and were seated immediately.  Looking around, I was impressed with the 70's inspired retro decor- the shag carpet, the stone pillars, the cozy seating and comfortable booths perfect for lounging... while my boyfriend's immediate reaction was 'it seems like an upscale Denny's...' Giving a quick first glance at the menu and it appeared that might be the case- although I was hoping for better. 
We each ordered a bloody mary (a weekend necessity that so few of our favorite brunch spots offer...) - they were great and the spicyness was done just right.  Our attentive waitress returned to take our orders- I got the heuvos rancheros and my boyfriend the salmon eggs benedict.  
Our food arrived promptly- though the portions were a bit smaller than I had expected for the price we were paying (Is that how it worked in the 70s?).  My huevos rancheros was drenched in shredded cheese- the eggs were ok, though I felt the dish as a whole was a little bit of a mushy mess...usually when I order this dish you can actually see the tortilla shell and they use cooked black beans, though happy to see that they made this without the chorizo ...My boyfriend really enjoyed his salmon eggs benedict - althought thought the english muffin was odd and strangely thin.  We didn't really get the tater tots on the side....is this *really* '70's comfort food' or just plain high school cafeteria cuisine? 
Overall, our meal was a bit overpriced, but got the job done- I would have rated this a two based solely on the food, however, Jones gets a third star for good service, excellent bloody mary's, and cozy decor.   
Will probably be back at some point for the bloody mary.this rating is based on 1 sandwich. i haven't had anything else and cannot profess love for anything more than a glorious sandwich special they had today. it was a ham (either blackforest or virginia) & swiss with thin green apple slices, grilled onions and toasted with copious amounts of butter. it comes with mayo but i requested otherwise. UNBELIEVEABLE. our waitress Morgan was also very patient and accomodating. good stuff!I don't get it!  I really don't get it!  I think I do not make enough money to get it!  I mean the food is really good, that's why I'm giving it three stars, but the value for the money isn't there.  I know I know you pay for ambiance and the name and the scene but I am just not at a point in my life where I feel like paying for all that nonsense.I love this place, great food, awesome atmosphere, reminds me of the Brady Bunch.In my opinion, you cannot go wrong with good comfort food and Jones delivers.
I have been to Jones twice for dinner.  The most recent occasion was a Friday evening for my dad's birthday before seeing a play at the nearby Walnut Street Theater.  It was early-ish for a Friday (around 6pm) so we were seated right away.  I really like the atmosphere in Jones.  It's very open and the decor is fun, yet soothing.  I love the fireplaces.
My dad picked the wine so I've never looked at the list, but what he chose was good.  We ordered the pierogies as an appetizer and for my meal I had the Texas BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich.  Dessert was the peanut butter pie with some of the excellent homemade ice cream on the side.  I don't remember what my parents ordered but everything was delicious and everyone was happy with their meals.  Good sized portions although the app only came with four pierogies which wasn't enough for three people...but maybe that's just me because I love pierogies and could have finished the entire plate myself...
Our service was excellent.  She was very friendly and knowledgeable and helpful in making choices.
It's a pretty casual restaurant.  I'm sure on weekend evening especially you will see most patrons dressed nicely but my first time dining here was before a Phillies game in jeans and a sweatshirt and I didn't feel uncomfortable.  I would definitely recommend everyone gives Jones a try.Comfortable, warm, with a slightly upscale but not annoying vibe. You can actually relax here. Cocktails are solid, if not a little uninspired. What do we actually come here for? Baked Mac 'N Cheese. Seriously. Do it. The boy and I had Christmas Eve dinner here a couple years back. I'm not a Starr fanatic by any means, but I find this restaurant really inviting and it is kind of a "happy place" for me.Had a nice dinner Friday night. Not overpriced and definitely unpretentious for a Starr restaurant, but Starr establishments are a bit yesterday anyway, aren't they?  The food was first rate. Can't remember having better calamari anywhere. No tentacles!!!  The crab cake was also exemplary as was the brisket. Very well done comfort food in a Brady Bunch environment. Maybe it's nit picky but the ye no soundtrack seemed out of place. Great service as well.The carrot cake was the best. They got rid of it for some reason. Horrible. Nachos are still decent, but not as good as they used to be. Get the chicken and wafflesAny place that serves the food of my youth + tasty cocktails (you MUST try the pink elephant...so pink and yummy) is ok with me. Love the decor - you will too, if you're a Brady Bunch fan - and the food is surprisingly good, especially for a Starr restaurant. Big points for the calamari - food with tentacles tastes good, more so when you're dining with friends. This is the kind of place you come with a group of friends - you'll have fun for sure.Jones is one of our go to casual dinner places when we have family in town. There's something for everyone and it's reasonably priced, especially for a Steven Starr restaurant. The interior makes you feel like you've been transported back in time to a 60s diner, but with a modern flare. They take reservations which is always a plus in Philly. 
For appetizers, I've had the nachos and the hummus and pita. The nachos are really good, they're individually constructed so each one has a whopping helping of cheese, beans, and chicken. However, the portion is pretty small since it's just one layer of chips instead of a pile like you would normally expect. The hummus and pita is standard, nothing much to report on. 
Most of the time when I come I get the market salad. They bring a small clipboard with the options and you can check off whatever greens, protein, cheese, veggies, and dressing you desire. Recently, they've increased the price AND limited the amount of toppings you can get. Before you could check off however many boxes you wanted-- mine usually had like 2 boxes not checked.. I like variety in my salads! Now you can pick one protein, one cheese, and 5 toppings or be charged an extra price. It's still a good deal because the salads are ENORMOUS but I'm still a little bummed at the change. My most recent one (see pic) had spinach, spring mix, bacon, blue cheese, avocado, carrots, egg, black beans, chickpeas, almonds, and red wine vinaigrette. Delicious! I usually can only finish half (and I have a big appetite), so I usually have a nice lunch for the next day. Def worth the price. I've had the chicken and waffles before too which are pretty good and very filling. 
Overall this is a good choice for a casual dinner that is family friendly and affordable. I am dying to come here for make your own bloodies so when I do, I'll report back. Love the idea of having a checklist for Bloody Mary ingredients!We came here on a Saturday night without reservations for a party of 5. They told us it was a 20 minute wait but called us back in 5-10 minutes (thumbs up! because the neighborhood is kind of deserted, so not much to explore while waiting).
The appetizers we ordered were really good - seared tuna tacos and jones nachos. The entrees were just okay - the seared sesame tuna was sort of bland and the texture was off; maybe it wasn't fresh, the chicken and waffle was a little dry and the broiled salmon was yummy. 
They also have a good selection of drinks to choose from (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) which is always a plus.I have been to the "comfort food" establishment of Steven Starrs' dining emporium twice now.  The first was last fall with work (gratis, natch) and more recently in June for my birthday.  The dining area is so fun with the Brady esque decor, and the relaxed wait staff really brings home the "comfort" feeling.
With work, we ordered up several appetizers to share, including the calamari and mac and cheese.  They were all devoured pretty quickly.  I got fried chicken and waffles, because I thought with that as an option it would be stupid not to get it.  It was fantastic.  People were fascinated when I told them what I had for dinner, since it sounds so random.  The chicken was great,  and the waffle was a nice balance of sweetness and super fluffy.  I was a bit taken back at the thought of the chicken gravy on the waffle, but it works.  For dessert, I had the pumpkin bread pudding, which tasted exactly what you would expect pumpkin pie in bread form to taste like.
I wanted to go out in the city for my birthday, so I picked this place because it was a good value (relatively) since we had a group of 7.  Actually, that was just a bonus, since I really just wanted the chicken & waffles again.  They don't take reservations, so we tried to go earlier on a Sunday (around 6pm).   They ended up having to stick one person at the end of a table for 6, which made for some issues with people getting around them.  We got the pierogies, potato pancakes and calamari for appetizers...  and promptly ordered a 2nd round of each because they were so good.  I again had the chicken and waffles and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I also like the beer selection, especially when we split a larger bottle and they served it in brandy snifters.  A few people in my group ordered some of their specialty drinks and enjoyed them as well.
Both times I enjoyed the decor, food and service, however I noticed that the 2nd time, the portions seemed to go down but the price didn't change.  I haven't been able to verify this for certain, but my coworker agreed that he remembered getting a whole waffle with pieces of chicken on top last year.  The 2nd time, I only got a half waffle, and it didn't seem like as much chicken.  Also, the first time I went I was amazed at how tall the Duncan Hines cake was.  The 2nd time, it looked about 75% as big as I remembered.  
I definitely say it's a place to try out, but not to frequent as often as you no longer get what you are paying for.Food was great and the server was very nice.  I'm from Texas but am a big fan of Stephan Starrs.
Can't wait to try one of his other concepts next time I'm in Philly!Jones is a solid comfort food spot if you're with picky eaters (like kids), have family in from out of town or business associates who enjoy kitschy places and don't mind a little higher than necessary prices. Service is generally very friendly (save the bartender who told me she didn't have and couldn't get a spoon) and quick. Waits can be long especially for Saturday or Sunday brunch and there are no reservations so be prepared to wait at least 30 min between 11:30 and 1. Fried chicken and waffles is my fave and brisket sandwich is excellent too (both around $14, I think). It's a bit more expensive than it should be, but food is plentiful and filling and generally very good. Layer if you come here--they have a fireplace and a shag run so if you sit in "the pit", it gets hot up in there!Its definitely not my favorite starr restaurant, but it has a few good options for the price point. I go to Jones when I'm nearby, but I dont usually travel into the city to eat there. The food quality used to be much better years ago, but it has really fallen off lately.Comfort food? Yes please!
Every server and staff member were in positive moods and had their own preferences. I saw online I should get the Chicken and Waffles. I asked a few others and they gave their other recommendations. Not just the expensive ones, but everything. A good omen.
I had the bottomless mimosa with three different juices and opted for the chicken and waffles. Perfect. My first experience with them and they were wonderful. The server we had was excellent and came to us from time to time. My only complaint is that the meal could have used just a little more chicken or a second waffle. But that's my gluttony talking. 
Will I come back? Hell yeah!My family and I went over a show at the Walnut (5 minute walk which was awesome) and was recommended by two friends to try it out. Honestly thought the price was a little expensive for what you got, especially my meal of a Turkey Pot Pie which was $19 and that's all you got, no soup or salad or side. Don't get me wrong, everything that we had tasted really good, but for comfort food it wasn't comforting when I got the check. Definitely recommend the Chicken Parm, Mac & Cheese and if you don't mind the price the Turkey or Chicken Pot Pie (depending on what they have). Also I highly recommend getting a booth on the mezzanine over looking the whole restaurant, it was nice to be a little secluded from everyone else and had that sense of VIP. Only problem is that sometimes a server won't be right there when you need one and will have to wait for them to come back upstairs.  For an overall experience and the fact that it was a Stephen Starr restaurant it was good, just thought it could have been a little more for the price I paid.In a word, disappointing. Comfort food concept well designed but execution did not live up to the hype. Had skirt steak. Small portion for the price and not very tender. Turkey pot pie seemed well received by one of our party but brisket was not a hit. Service was swift at least so we got out quick. Won't be back.Great little spot for brunch.  I stopped here on my last trip to Philadelphia before heading out in the morning, and I have to say the food was good, the drinks were good (as I always have to have my Bloody Mary's with any brunch), and the place was absolutely adorable.  I believe it was once an old bank that has now been renovated into a retro 60's style restaurant that reminds me of something out of the Brady Bunch, but a little cooler.  If you're in the city, why not.Jones. The name suggests what you can expect. The commonplace. Tried and true. From your mother's -- Mrs. Jones's -- kitchen. I had meatloaf and mashed potatoes. Hadn't had this combo in a REAL resto since Horn & Hardart's when I was kid. (Actually H&H wasn't a real resto. But never mind). Enjoyed. First rate table service. Nothing special. Just dependable. It's a Steven * resto. So that's expected. --- Hotspur.This is a review of Jones as an after-work cocktails and appetizer spot.
And as you can see, it's not a good review. Jones has the potential to be a hip, go-to place in the Market East area (near the federal courthouse), but it falls short. Come on Jones, give us a happy hour special at least! Let us know that you care.
Also, the atmosphere is kind of... dead. At least around 6 or so. On the flip side, this means that a large group could go, find seating at the bar, and actually hear each other talk. Silver linings, etc.
Also, I had the turkey club. "Meh." I've heard mac & cheese is good, so maybe I'll go back for that sometime.Seemed like a decent enough place while in town for business. I was interested in the Reuben but didn't come across any reviews, glad I tried this one. Most places make below average versions with either too much flavorless meat or not enough sauce, sauerkraut and soggy bread. Everything was good about this reuben from the crunchy rye bread to the cheese, possibly the best I've had.
Although it was enough for me the serving of coleslaw was quite small.We went on Sunday noon time.  It was pretty packed, waited about 20 mins they accidentally lost our names so quickly gave us the next available table.  Overall service was great!  Food overall was really good not too greasy which most diners foods are.  Love the waffles and potato tots!  Although fried chicken was not crispy enough!We came here for the brunch deal ($50 a person for endless drinks and food for 2 hours) to celebrate a friend's birthday. A group of 24 ppl and the place was pretty accommodating. Food was good; monkey bread is amazing! Service was alright; with a large group we ordered lots and lots of drinks. We asked for a pitcher of mimosa (which would've made it easier on the server and we could've gotten drinks faster) but they wouldn't allow it. Didn't make a lot of sense to us. Overall, pretty good, except for the speed of receiving drinks.I have finally tried all three of Steven Starr's restaurants in Philly (unless there are more I don't know about lol). I had a great dinner here last night for my friend's birthday party, but I do have to say it's my least favorite of the three (continental being my favorite by far). 
The atmosphere is a swanky, 70s ski lodge complete with the shaggy carpet. They were very accommodating for a party of 8 on a Saturday night. 
They have a great selection of creative cocktails. I order a blueberry vodka drink with mint. It was delicious. 
For dinner, I had to go with the grilled cheese and tomato soup. They have several comfort food options, but the grilled cheese was calling my name. I made a good decision because the cheese was perfectly gooey and the soup was creamy. I added avocado to my grilled cheese because, why not ? 
The service was great. The food was good. I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because I know Steven Starr can do better.I meet my husband here several times a month after taking the train.  Easy to walk to from Market East and so warm and comfy!  Usually get a window booth and some special drink the waiter suggests.  I love the salmon with the thin potatoes and mushroom topping.  He always eats the meatloaf and mashed potatoes and peas...something I would never make at home!!  The service is fast and friendly.  The market salad is incredible...you pick whatever you want and it is fresh and chopped and hard to finish!  So yes, it is homey and comfort food....in a relaxed fun atmosphere!JONES is one of my favorite dinner spots in the city because it offers something for everyone!
Always great service and yummy comfort food like mom makes. I really love the Turkey dinner especially when I am craving Thanksgiving meal in the middle of July.  I also recommend the Nachos if you are hungry or have a large party. Their specialty cocktails are unique, light, and refreshing so try one (or three)!
I've brought everyone here for dinner: my suburban family, my out of town guests, and my best friend! Like I said their menu has something for everyone and the decor is cool without being over the top trendy.
I almost forgot: ORDER DESSERT! They are fabulous!After reading all of the mixed reviews, I decided to book my birthday dinner at Jones anyway, since I love Stephen Starr restaurants to begin with.
The food was delicious. From appetizers to dessert, they know what they're doing. I loved the menu and had a hard time deciding what I wanted because everything looked so good! 
The ambiance was great. Loved the shag carpeting and lighting.
Let me tell you, the service was great. Our waitress, Brett, was so attentive to our needs and constantly refilled our water throughout the entire meal. She really made my birthday dinner stand out. Loved the ice cream and birthday cookies!
From start to finish, this place is very high on my list of favorite places. I would recommend Jones to anyone who is in Philly and wanting a great place to eat.I've been having a hard time finding a good brunch spot, until I found Jones.  Unfortunately for me, Jones is a 3 hour drive.   So I will not be frequenting it - but one can dream.
We sat upstairs, which I recommend - a little quieter & you can watch everyone below you.  We were there around 11:30 on a rainy Saturday, and were sat immediately.  Service was fine, and fast.  Decor is super cute.
I had the French toast with tater tots.  Tater tots, you ask?  Yes, because where I'm from, they are not quite ubiquitous.  My Philly friend (aka tour guide) also had the French toast, and my husband had the avocado sandwich with fries.   The French toast was thick and tasty, and probably the biggest piece of French toast I've ever seen.   I enjoyed the tater tots.  My husband liked his sandwich and fries, but the fries went cold fast.  
Perhaps a second location in DC or Boston is needed?Recommended by a local, and packed for lunch by them, but overall not a do over. Very very loud and noisy, so conversation was difficult. The Reuben sandwiches didn't grab your tastebuds, and neither did the brisket sandwich. The latter was juicy and tender but no flavor over and above the roll. I would expect, from a place with these ratings, signature sandwiches that made your mouth water for another visit. Much prefer my wife's smoked brisket as a meal, then leftovers, leftovers, leftovers.Me and my girlfriend were invited to go out to dinner at Jones with her grandmother, who ate here for brunch earlier that afternoon. When she told me how great her brunch was she was eager to take us back for dinner. I trusted that she had good taste and I would not be disappointed. Naturally, I walked into Jones with high expectations and the first impression I received was warm and comforting. The dim lighting and surrounding fire really made me feel at home. We arrived here without reservations but this was not seen as an issues or inconvenience to us or the workers. We were seated promptly and out order were taking almost immediately. Our waiter was fantastic. His name is Trevor and was very personable as well as many of the other employees who recognized my girlfriends grandmother and made it known. I always say, the impression the worker makes is the same  impression people leave with and how they feel about that reastraunt which in retrospect will determine whether a reastrsunt is worth going back to or not. Jones is definitely one to go back to. After we ordered out meals they came back to us in no time. The atmosphere makes it a lighthearted place to engage in conversation so it never feel like you're waiting to long for anything plus they waiters/waitresses are on top of everything. Now as far as the food went. I've tried a little of everyone's entrees when we received them. Most of the food here is American but high end American at inexpensive prices. I ordered an Pull Pork sandwich and it definitely placed as one of the best I've ever had. Here is the best part of my experience here. because my girlfriends grandmother was recognized from earlier that day. The manager offered all three of free dessert on the house. I had  a peanut butter brownie Sunday which was superb and satisfied my stomach mind and body leaving me with nothing bad to say. I cannot wait to go back again . Thanks you Jones for everything. And a special thanks to Trevor, our waiter, and Ryan the manager.So good!!!  Food, Service and drinks were amazing.  I was in town for a business trip and we went here for dinner one night.  Was just a great choice.  The waitress was so nice and had great recommendations for us - If I'm ever back in the area - I need to visit Jones again.Not impressed. I figured this place would have amazing food because its a Stephen Starr restaurant but it was just eh. We had the mac and cheese (good), piergoies, and the lobster roll. The lobster roll was small, and just OK. Nothing here "blew me away".  The decor was nice, the service was great and my apple pear smash drink was delish.A friend in Philly recommended this place for a casual quick dinner.  What good advice!  Anytime I'm in town for a visit and I need a quick bite this place is great.  Not only does the whole staff check on you constantly to make sure you are happy, the food is really good.  And what value!  Turkey Dinner you can't go wrong!  Can't wait to go back, what a discovery!My Bestie & I dined in after a movie at the Ritz - Bourse, we arrived slightly after 9, the restaurant was still in full swing. The lighting was prefect, cool beats played in the background. Our waiter kind of looked like Alan Thick.but Better. I ordered chicken+ waffles. BEST CHOICE EVER!! She ordered too; At first glance it seemed as if the fish taco had a hair on it,  however, it was from the stem of the cilantro.The waiter was so understanding and patient with us, his Manager came over and he was equally as cool. He reordered the tacos, took them off the bill and treated us to desert. She choose the chocolate cake and I died for another cocktail that contained drumbais or something with honey& whiskey...we Cannot Wait to Return!
#new chill spotSolid spot for brunch. 
Mr. F always goes to Jones when in the City of Brotherly love.  This place is always hopping so be sure to make reservations in advance.  
Mr. F always goes for the monkey bread with that sweet semeny glaze.  It's so delicious. Mr. F also enjoys the make your own Bloody Mary. They have plenty of options for everyone's palate (cucumber ice cubes are awesome). 
Other favorites include the cheesesteak omelette, chicken & waffles, and the mac & cheese. Mr. F did not see the delicious potato pancakes on the menu last time he was there.   He hopes they bring them back. 
One word of warning to my fellow bears. The booths here are a little tight. If you are truly big, sexy, and burly you may want to choose a table.We tried this place based on Philadelphia magazine calling the grilled cheese & tomato soup one of the dishes you have to eat in Philly.  Not disappointed.  This place is fantastic.  The grilled cheese and soup came even better than advertised.    
Couple of contrived aspects of the place... it is a Steven Starr restaurant after all.  It looks like the diner from Pulp Fiction.  The servers and bus boys look like they have to wear some vintage rock tshirt from Urban Outfitters (I guess its like their 15 pieces of flair).  And this place attracts quite a few hipsters that look like they are trying too hard... lots of douche bags here who look like they are dying to be extras on the Hills.
Most importantly the food is fantastic.  The service is wonderful.  And the prices are reasonable.