This place got pretty good DIM SUM but would be better if they have greater selections. Service at this place is great! This is always for number choice for Dim SUM in the Philly area!!!Of the dim sum places I've been to in Philly, this is my favorite. They offer a wide variety of items to choose from and it's all extremely tasty. My favorite cart, of course, is always the buns and the sesame balls. 
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful too. They did look at my friend funny when she was trying to describe the one item she was looking for, but they made sure to bring it out to us when another plate of meatballs came out. 
Fabulous all around.Joy Tsin Lau is your typical Chinese restaurant located right in the heart of Chinatown. They have a large space with many tables. They have an upstairs (usually held for banquets) and downstairs for regular patrons. They have a large menu with your typical (known) Chinese food like walnut shrimp, fried rice, noodles etc. They also have the not so typical Chinese food like fresh water shrimp (my favorite), fish maw soup or a fresh water eel dish. This is a good place to go to if you just want Chinese food or if you are feeling adventurous to try different dishes.this is my top restaurant in chinatown!
the food and service are amazing! we been eating at Joy Tsin Lau for long time, and each time we have a great time and love their food, we love their lobster salad and cold cut appetizers, the lamb hot pot with scallions was the best, and the seafood in nest was so good , the dry scallops and OX sauce fried rice tasted so good as well. we definitely will come back soon.Dim sum on carts! I really like Joy Tsin Lau - it's really fast, decent dim sum for a really low price - I am always surprised at how little my meal ends up costing here. They have a huge variety of dim sum dishes, and they're super eager to help get you what you want if you don't happen to see it on a cart. The food itself is pretty good, although the congee could use some improvement. Overall, a great place for casual dim sum!My first experience with Dim Sum was in this place and I love it.  There were so many things to choose from.  I love the shrimp dish, there is a picture of it in the picture section.  The beef meat balls were good too. The fragrance from  jasmine tea that they serve is  very relaxing and a perfect addition to their food.  I wanted to crawl in the sesame balls and sleep in it.   Anyway, bottom line is that the food is good, the service is good and the decoration is really red.  If you have a question I suggest talking to one of the waiters instead of the ladies that push the cart.A great place for traditional Cantonese Dim Sum.The inside is very authentic Chinese restaurant style. We very somewhat upset when we were seated in the corner with another table blocking us. The carts couldn't past us and this ruined the experienced. Before we even ordered I wanted to leave but the date wanted to stay to not be rude. We ended up leaving after ordering one dish of shrimp dumplings. Price was cheap. So wouldn't be fair to review their food.Today was my first dim sum experience ever and I loved it...
There's always a long line to get in but i usually moves fast so it should be about 10 to 15 min max... I loved the steamed pork ribs and the fried dumplings... The also have fried salt and pepper shrimp which is absolutely delicious and very recommendable...
The service honestly is really bad but I'm ok with that as long as the quality of the food is good (so don't expect rock star treatment but really good quality food)... At the end dim sum for two (incluiding 6 different appetizers and 2 sodas) was only 20 bucks... cant beat that!!We went to Joy Tsin Lau for the first time today for dim sum. I have been an Ocean Harbor regular for about two years, but I think almost everything is better at Joy Tsin Lau, with the notable exception of the rice congee.
As one would expect, we ordered many dim sum dishes; however, I will just hit the highlights. The turnip cakes were really great and with a larger portion size than is typical, something I definitely appreciate. The zongzi, leaf-wrapped steamed rice, we found wonderfully dark after being steamed in the leaves for so long, and they were filled with incredibly tender and fatty meat. These were my favorite. I also thought the shumai were very well done. The cheung fan were so delicious my partner could not stop eating them!
One complaint is that we didn't see any green vegetables roll around until we were nearly done eating, although everything else was plentiful. I usually like a smoky green veggie with my dim sum, but we missed out today. The congee was good, but as I mentioned, I think Ocean Harbor's is better.
We arrived around 11:00am which was just in time to beat the line. We were literally eating within two minutes of walking in the front door. The price of a pot of tea, 5 small dishes and 2 large dishes was $25 including tip. Not bad!I brought my 4 year old daughter here for Dim Sum after the flower show, once we discovered that Ong's Noodle shop has closed.  We first tried Pho 75 but my dd wanted DUMPLINGS and Pho 75 doesn't have them.
Joy Tsin Lau sure does.  We had Har Gow (excellent), Shiu Mai (just OK) and Steamed Dumploings - very heavy/doughy with vile, bone-chip-laden, mystery meat filling.  BLECH!
Meanwhile, we also ordered Chicken fried rice with extra scambled egg - and dd loved that.  An enormous plateful for 5.95 - took alot home.
They treat us very well - but the digs are ancitent and the bathroom was freezing cold and FILTHY.  The floor was literally sticky.  Eeeeeeew!
1-2 stars for the dining digs and 3-4 stars for food (but skip the dumplings on the menu and get dim sum.)Quick trip to Philly with some friends and hit JTL.  Easy walk from the convention center and Reading Terminal area.  We just beat the lunch rush on a Saturday afternoon.  Food was great.  I lean more towards the meat dishes over the seafood, so the soup was slightly disappointing with the shrimp duumplings.  Everything else I had was good.  
I do agree with the other reviewer to steer clear of the fried food cart.  I bit too fishy, no pun intended.
Overall, make a trip to JTL.  You'll enjoy.I came to Joy Tsin Lau twice recently after having frequented another dim sum place in Chinatown (not Ocean Harbor or the newly opened one next door) - and I have developed more respect for Joy Tsin Lau's dim sum. I am a big fan on turnip cake, and I really enjoy this establishment's turnip dish because it is filled with lots of actual turnip slices and sizable chunks of meat (the other place was mostly that flour-y mess). Sui Mai (tofu wrapped pork and various meats) is solid. Their shrimp cheung fun (white, semi translucent dough wrapper) is standard, as are their tripe and chicken feet dishes! Quick service as always.非常滿意！無論飲茶還是点菜味道很好，份量也足，價格還不貴！此店的裝潢古色古香，充滿中國傳統文化的氣息，让人流連忘返。強力推薦Oh Joy Tsin Lau. I really enjoy your dim sum, I really do. The food is done pretty well. Not perfect but good enough to satisfy my dim sum and Chinese dumpling cravings. And the prices are pretty comparable to other dim sum places in chinatown. My only real complaints with this place are the service and long line that no matter what time I come seems to always be present (though I guess this indicates it is a good restaurant). In regards to the long line the issue with this is there is inadequate space for both people waiting to come in and those trying to squeeze out. It's just uncomfortable. The service can be disappointing at times. I feel like every time I come I have to get someone's attention just to get my water refilled. That being said, they always give you a big pot of green tea which I greatly appreciate.We walked in at 11:15am on a Sunday and were able to be seated immediately once we got through the line.  The restaurant is spacious enough that plenty of dim sum carts (including grills where certain dishes are made in front of you) can wind around easily.
There is a good representation of authentic dishes with a few  Americanized options (we saw bacon wrapped scallops and rainbow-colored Jello wheel by) if you have a range of eaters.  We stuck to authentic and particularly enjoyed the pork spare ribs (very tender and flavorful without being too fatty), shrimp dumplings (generous meat and delicate wrappings), shrimp-stuffed peppers, shrimp stuffed in tofu skin, and egg tarts (with the perfect amount of sweetness).  Congee, cold jellyfish, chicken feet and chiang fun (stuffed flat rice noodles) were also good.  All together, the meal and leftovers totaled $31 for 3 people, which was pretty reasonable.DIMSUM REVIEW:
My friend  insisted that this place was better than Ocean Harbor for dimsum.  I thought I'd at least check it out to see if he was right.  The only advantage of this place over Ocean Harbor is that it's less crowded.  Most of the dimsum items were pretty similar with a few variations like boneless spare ribs.  The MAJOR downfall was that everythign was cold.  I'm not quite sure why since we got there relatively early- just before 11AM  so it's not like the food was sitting in the cart for a while.  So, lesson learned- stick with what you know is good, and don't take dimsum suggestions from white people.- Decent service, good food, and pretty good prices. 
-Can't beat their dim sum! 
- Large variety of dishes, many excellent variations of dumplings and wontons. 
- Great vegetarian food!On Sunday, my best friend and I headed to Chinatown to eat some dim sum. I was very excited and he told me this place was a great spot so we decided to stop here. The line at this place is just way too long! We only waited about 10 minutes but I just wish the place would be bigger to host the number of people that come to eat. At Joy Tsin Lau, servers walk around with trays and you just pick whatever you want from the tray. I really like the idea but the way it ended up working out was not so fantastic. Because we were not in the center of the room, it took us a while to get the food that we wanted (I wanted dim sum and the tray only came while I was done eating.. which made me sad! The staff is nice and cares about their customers. The food overall did taste good. Heads up: try the tofu sort of flan, (in the dessert tray), it comes covered with tea and it is very good despite how it sounds/look. 
One more things I was not too crazy about.. You do not know the price of what you pick for mostly everything until the end which can end upFor a Philadelphia restaurant, this place is huge. Known for the dim sum here, the regular menu actually is pretty good too. They have one of the largest selections of items you can get for dim sum that I've seen. There's little chance you won't find something you don't like here.do not how restaurants run like this?!??! It was like eating in a sauna.  Save ur money.  all the food was stale n mushy WTHThis isn't the kind of Chinese food you get in a lot of restaurants. It's possible to avoid soy sauce here, and for that reason I love this place. 
My favorite items here are the eggplant, potstickers, tofu, and chive dumplings, and I am sure I am forgetting a few things. I have tried the chicken feet and thought them a bit nasty. But worth a try anyway. They taste just like heaps and heaps of chicken skin. 
The sesame balls are popular with my grandparents of all people. I don't like them, but try them anyway. Fortunately the prices are very reasonable.A line for a Chinese restaurant, you've gotta be kidding me. We were walking through China town and I had heard about this place, but a line?!?! So what did we do, we did what any other Americans would do, we stood in it, and watched it grow behind us like rampant kudzu. 45 minutes later we were in the funky smelling restaurant with rampaging waiters and ladies pushing dim sum carts, **** YEAH!. 
Sat down, had the typically array: har gow, shui mai, pot stickers, bao (their bao is doughy win), Chinese broccoli, sticky rice. Everything was not the best I've ever had, but it was very good, filling, fast and excellent considering how mobbed this joint was, I mean, people were almost pushing to get in here. Per routine, they wrote Chinese characters on our bill so I had no clue how much we were tacking up but Dim sum is generally not spendy. Like 20$, it was awesome. 
Came back a few times, same crowd, same food.   A+ for consistency. 
Don't let some of the smells or the restroom scare you, it's China town. Be hardcore and get some staple dim sum treats. You want to see scary? Go to Kowloon in Hong Kong. I went into a restroom that mentally eviscerated me for life- so this stuff is nothing.I have lived in the Philly area for all of my life, and I am Chinese.  This place is disgusting-looking.  The decor has been the same for 20+ years, red carpet and very dirty-looking.  The only times that I have eaten here are when the other dim sum places are packed, and I've been really hungry.  The food I think was okay, but really, the atmosphere makes me dislike the food.  And if they take so much care to keep the restaurant clean, who knows what the food is like.  Ocean Harbor across the street is better.Damn! I've ate so many times with my dad until one visit ruined it all for me. I found a cockroach in my dumpling... The lady server told me "It's okay baby its okay"... And afterwards they still made us pay! Unbelievable!!! Anyway, I'd definitely go somewhere else if you don't want any roaches in your food..So much FUN! Ate there for the first time. Didn't know we were going just for dim sum but love it! The carts are neat but the women pushing them are great! Food was YUMMY! Loved the classic American-Chinese decor and the fun lunch we had! Going back when we are in town.My favorite dim-sum place in town. Probably eat here at least once a month and always on a Saturday or Sunday. Sometimes the service is hit or miss, but have never been let down with the food.We went on a Saturday at 10:45 AM and were one of the first customers . The set-up was nice (I like the over-the-top decor of everything red, shiny, and gold), bathrooms clean, and servers were thoughtful (they offered one of our non-Asian friends a fork, a rare gesture in such bustling places.) 
The food is distinctively less salty (i.e. the sticky rice wrapped in bamboo leaves) and heavy compared to Ocean Harbor, it's towering enemy across the street, and other dim sum restaurants I've been to in Dallas. I was fine with that but at the same time, my taste buds felt a little misplaced. 
What really removes a star from this review is that the radish rice cake, a staple of dim sum, was grossly undercooked. Dough is not palatable, and a complete turn-off. Also, I did not see the plates of shrimped-wrapped-in-rolls-of-rice...what the heck!
On the flip side, their steamed pork ribs were so juicy and meaty, pleasing my inner carnivore. 
Pricing is incredibly cheap, as inexpensive as Ocean Harbor. It's likely that I won't get undercooked radish cakes again here, but maybe next time...as a last resort, I'll find out.Dim sum in Philly is mediocre.  This is extremely sad to me since i grew up on dim sum as a kid in LA.  Alas, i am left to hold my cravings for my visits back to the west coast.
I think i would probably give this place 3 stars if the same food came out, except hot.  I get the sense that they mass produce their food early and then let it sit there on the kitchen and get cold.  cold egg tarts and lukewarm dumplings?  No thanks. 
But even if the food was piping hot, i still wouldn't be a fan.   Aside from the food, i think the service is just fine.
Anyway, even though i just said this place isn't that great, i will come here if I'm really craving dim sum.  It's probably the second best option in terms of food, ocean harbor being number one in Chinatown.  Except the staff at ocean harbor is so incredibly rude that i won't go there (see my review of ocean harbor; also, if you read other yelpers' reviews you'll see that being decent human beings is a real problem for them).Joy Tsin Lau is known to be pretty popular for dim sum on the weekends in Philly. They have the usual selection, cool things about this restaurant is that they pan fry an assortment of cakes (water chestnut, radish, taro) on the rolling carts. Some of the carts have warmers powered by butane fuel tanks, which helps to keep the dishes piping hot.  Several dishes came out cold and quite disappointing. We tried the xiao long bao and it was cold and rubbery -- almost choked my bf and had to perform the heimlich! Decor here is quite colorful and tacky, definitely a fun place to come as a tourist.Tried the dim sum here one weekend.  Previously tried "Ocean Harbor" for dim sum (Restaurant directly across from Joy Tsin Lau).  This place makes sure you know you are eating at a "2010 Top 100 Chinese Restaurant in USA" with their signs.  
Food (8.75/10) = Pretty standard fare of dim sum in terms of selection.  The selection was similar to "Ocean Harbor." The food seemed like it tasted better than Ocean Harbor, yet the line to Joy Tsin Lau was not as long as her competitor.  
Ambiance (7.5/10) = standard chinese restaurant decor. 
Service (7.0/10) = standard dim sum service.  Refill the tea pot when needed.  Chinese lady with the cart.  Was annoyed after having to ask for water from 3 different waiters.  I know a dim sum place can get hectic on a weekend, but come on people....it's water.  
Overall Opinion = In terms of dim sum, I don't really have a preference between Ocean Harbor and this place.   In terms of being a top 100 Chinese restaurant in this country....well, I'm not sure about that.  Maybe their menu items are what got them this recognition.I've been going to this place for over ten years. The owner is so sweet. It's always packed!!! We have waited for a while on the ramp with no one saying anything. We had a reservation and still waited thirty minutes. The service can be a bit slow sometimes that is why I took a star off. They should have someone to regularly come by and fill waters and tea.  Food is consistent and yummy! I never leave here hungry that's for sure!The taste of the food was quite good, but ALL dim sum dishes served to us were ranging from warm to cold in temperature at 11:15am (which is a big minus), and after visiting their bathroom I really question the cleanliness of the kitchen as well as the whole restaurant.
Somehow none of the dim sum places in Chinatown Philly didn't convince me that it's possible to have a good dim sum experience here.Went here on a week day afternoon and they sold dim sum, they were a bit cold but flavor wise not bad. We ordered a 6 people set of food, many see food dishes. Again, did't taste the freshness in most of the dishes. Service is ok. Like the decor of the restaurant.Martin wanted to go back to Nan Zhou for a third time! On the way there, we saw this place and went in. We had Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood and the Crispy Fried Tofu with 3 different mushrooms. The Pan Fried Noodles needed a bit more sauce and we ended up drizzling some soy sauce over it. Honestly, that's not a good sign. The Tofu was quite enjoyable but the cuts of tofu were humongous. The tofu was crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside and it was perfect with the shiitake mushrooms, I didn't care for the other mushrooms they used and didn't try it. I've had tofu cooked this way before and it's really much better when the tofu is cut in smaller sizes. Unfortunately, their food wasn't impressive enough for me to want to go back again.I only visit during dinner hours, and only after the typical dinner rush....usually 8 pm. My girlfriend and I have been impressed each time we've visited, as the dinner specials are usually great - we don't expect much as it IS chinese food, but the special would offer wonton soup, a cheap non-alcoholic drink, fried noodles, an entree for each of us, and a dessert (usually sliced oranges?!) for about $10 each. That's a great deal, and the quality & quantity are above the fare you'd get at any take-out shop.
The food has been consistently great in our experience and the wait staff attentive and visible - maybe because we go in after the typical dinner crowd. 
I always try something different that I rarely/never order from any other chinese restaurant - maybe something duck-related, and I'm never disappointed. 
The interior of the restaurant definitely looks dated, but it's still a nice place for guests. I can only imagine how busy it gets during the lunch/dinner crowds, though. Also, for some reason, the decorum evokes images of a Triad organization whenever we drop in. Maybe it's just me, or maybe it's that the wait staff are consistently dressed up and the owners, with some staff, are always sharing a large dinner table by the fish tanks, and I associate that as something I'd see in an organized crime movie. ...Eh, well, Joy Tsin Lau is still a great place and we'll continue to have late-dinner there when we're in Chinatown.
Bottom line: the food's cheap, tasty enough, and a damn great place to drop-in late at night.I'm not going to waste too much of my precious time writing about Joy Tsin Lau. The rating says it all. 
The food was too forgetful.Definitely a fan.  The quality of the food is good--not the regular smothered in salt Chinese food that somehow gets into the less expensive Chinese restaurants.  Good food and good prices.  Very happy.Overall a great experience. I've been here probably 10 times in my life, and every time has been overall pretty positive.
The environment is pretty cool. Upon entering, you might notice how crowded the place is (particularly for dimsum on saturday/sunday). This is for good reason: the place is quite good, and excellent value for money.
We waited in line for about 15 minutes (pretty good, considering we went at the peak of the peak time for sunday brunch) and were finally seated.
It's very red inside, and plastered all around are pictures of the owner, Mabel Chi Chan, who apparently has hosted many famous faces at this restaurant.
Environment: 4/5
We had a variety of dishes, including sticky rice, congee, chicken legs, fried leek dumplings, steamed pork buns, and and shu mai
While I won't go into each one individually, I'll say that the food was quite good overall. I haven't experienced significant variability in terms of quality of dimsum food in my life, but one of the biggest risks is getting cold food. At Joy Tsin Lau, I don't think I've ever gotten a dish noticeably colder than it should be. The flavors were pretty good, and perhaps the best aspect of all was the fact that it ended up costing two of us only 20 dollars (tax/tip inc.). Plus, we still had a bunch of leftovers. 
I would definitely recommend this place. It's a classic dimsum place to visit, and I've grown up eating at this place with my family. If you can put up with a bit of a wait to experience one of the best dimsums in Philly, go here!
it would've been a 5/5, had it not been for the presence of a certain ms. shiWow, went here for lunch with a few of my friends for lunch and it was well worth it. We usually  head over to Ocean Harbor or Imperial but decided it was time to try out a new place. First time dim summing here and I was blown away. The dishes came out quickly and were nice and hot unlike the other locations. It was just simply delicious.
Joy Tsin Lau gets my vote for #1 dim sum in Philly.Everything feels and smells kind of dirty. The food is sub par (I can't speak to the authenticity though). I got shrimp in garlic sauce and shrimp fried rice, spicy please. The portions are large but the garlic sauce was not very flavorful and the rice was very "wet". Their idea of "spicy" was putting loads of hot sauce on everything. I hate hot sauce. Any Chinese food spot I've been to uses chili oil to make items spicy. I'm guessing all that hot sauce was part of why it was so wet. The service was weird too. One person sat us, another took our order, another brought our food, another cleaned our table off. The person who took our order was a bit rude/scowly but the person that brought our food was very nice. I had to tack someone down to get us drinks and later for the check. Overall, probably wouldn't go again.This place is horrid. My aunt and I came in on a cold winter day for lunch craving for soup dumplings. We grabbed chicken feet and some pork ribs on the two carts that passed but they were a let down. Flavors are just salt, salt, salt. After that, we requested for the 3rd cart if she is carrying pork soup dumplings. She did not understand what I was saying and had to repeat 3-5 times until the manager caught attention to step in. They delivered us our "soup" dumpling. On quotations because the soup was missing on all 6 dumplings. We complained to the lady that the soup was gone. I told them we want a dumpling that has soup inside.The manager came over and told us that the rest of the pork soup dumplings are the same as on our plate. We were undeniably disappointed. We left the place right after. Definitely NOT coming back.I've been here for dim sum and it's ok, what I really come for is the banquets! I know they got a lot of bad press from the stomach bug etc thing, my family and I ate dinner the night after the incident happened and we didn't get sick. Anyway, my family and I have been coming here for years. This place hands down is the best place in china town for a big banquet, 12 course meals and all. Grabbing food from the lazy susan with the relatives is such a great feeling. The food has varied, sometimes the lobster is overcooked, but usually the quality is great. This place has always been part of my life, celebrating birthday parties, one month celebrations of babies, weddings, even funerals; I've had countless memories here, all of which were good. If you're looking for a place to celebrate with your family, this is the place.Joy tsin lay is a well known dim sum/Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. There are lots of pictures of famous people on the walls. I think that may be the decor of the restaurant. It's not the cleanest or the nicest but very vibrant.  
I've been here for dim sum a couple of times and it's okay and not disappointing. If you're really craving dim sum, and you want something authentic, it's a good place for you.Joy Tsin Lau is a classic spot for Dim Sum in Philly. The servers walk around with carts and you just point and choose what you want. If you are a new-comer to the dim sum scene, the best tip is not to panic / order the first thing you see. Be patient - at least 6 or 7 carts will come around with various dim sum.
Order some Tsing Tao beer (pronounced Ching-Dow)  to wash it down.After having an awful time at Ocean Harbor, Joy Tsin Lau saved the day with their dim sum. My family and I were seated and had food brought to us to choose from immediately. The staff was pleasant enough and the food was hot and plentiful.
The food itself was good, but it was average dim sum fare. And don't get me wrong, that's not a bad thing at all. I like that they have normal dim sum and even some things that are a little harder to find.
The fried pork dumpling was my favorite, with the clams in black bean sauce coming in a close second. And I know this doesn't count for much, but I like their tea. I don't know if it's just me, but most asian restaurants I've been to serve weak tea. This was definitely a little stronger than most.I finally made it over to Joy Tsin Lau, the final stop on my quest for good dim sum in Philly. The "traditional" Chinese decor freaks me out a little and the cleanliness definitely left something to be desired. 
But I have to give JTL the nod over Ocean Harbor when it comes to variety. They had one cart filled with squab, snails, squid, etc. which is more exotic dim sum fare. They also had all the staples which were so-so in quality (probably equal to OH). No don tat on the dessert cart though! Good thing there are bakeries all over C-town to satisfy my post dim sum sweet tooth.
For me it's a toss up, do I head to JTL for variety or OH for cleanliness? I'll probably alternate between the two to keep things interesting.I went there for a third time on Saturday night (July 4th), and was amazed at how much, and how good, food we got for surprisingly little money. We had a disappointing meal the previous night, at several times the cost, which made Joy Tsing even more enjoyable. The fried dumplings are probably the best I've ever had: six enormous ones for $4.50. We tried the "Singapore" noodle curry, which was spicy and delicious. Our main course was the half-duck, which was more than enough. Joy Tsing served it with a stack of steamed buns, instead of the usual pancakes. The restaurant was quiet on the holiday, but its ambiance is part of the charm. There are usually large Chinese family groups ordering intriguing selections, and the menu has a range of elaborate banquet menus. Joy Tsing is very close to the Convention Center, City Hall, and Reading Terminal, and therefore easily accessible for any tourists visiting Philly.Decent restaurant, but there are so many better Chinese options in the city.The dim sum/food is good .... Have been going here for years and would of gave this place a better rating.  However, this place is so due for a major renovation! The floors to ceiling need to be replaced.  The chairs and tables are often sticky.  There is no ventilation in the place.  After dim sum, you will reek of the taro frying cart.  I know this place has good business and decent service.... But please consider a remodel/demo.very good place to go for lunch because you can sit down and immediately get served dim sum. I like that you can try a lot of different things. very tasty.This place has by far the oddest decorations.  It's so gaudy & filled with tacky Chinese decorations.  It's really odd.
It's always crowded on the weekends but the line moves relatively quickly.  The dim sum is average but Philly doesn't have an array of dim sum restaurants so this is my go-to place for now.  However, I dream of the amazing dimsum in NYC...tear tear.
Although they're crowded, I've been given some cold dim sum dishes which was disheartening.  The dimsum is just ordinary so don't get too excited.  What is cool though is their frying dim sum cart which I've never seen before.  This awesome cart has the dimsum frying on it as she passes by which is really alluring to me when I'm hangry =)This is my favorite chinese food in Philadelphia. I've been coming here since I was a child and still spend each birthday being serenaded by their karaoke.  I've never had a bad meal at Jo Tsin Lau!After 3 years of being in South Jersey we finally ventured into Philly for Dim Sum. We were not disappointed. I would say the quality of the dim sum plates were as good as you would find back in LA and in Boston's Chinatown areas. I wish I really knew some of the dish names but the standard shui mai, pork spareribs, and taro cakes were excellent. They had this amazing stuffed rice cake wrapped in banana leaves and stuffed with ground pork, sausage and other delicious goodness. 
I definitely will be going back for another roundThis is the only Dim Sum place i've been to in Philly. I've been here probably 3x, but the last experience I had was prob the worst. I went for lunch and there were a couple things that really grinded my gears.
1. It was sooo hot inside, and the waiter never came around to refill our water glasses.
2. They sat us at this table that was surrounded by other tables which made me try to understand what they were shouting or had me get up and look at the cart. 
3. The Crab Ball we got was overpriced and cold and not crispy. 
Ok now that may have been a special case. Good things about this place.
1. It's fairly cheap.
2. I love the long shrimp things in the sauce. The Taro Root Pancake things are awesome. And the sticky rice wrapped in the leaf is delicious.  Shrimp Dumplings are good. 
3. Between me and my friend we ate a total of 8 plates and cost about 26 dollars with tip. We were fulllllll. 
So if you're in the mood for dimsum I guess try to get here earlier and don't ever sit in the table surrounded by other tables.Awesome dim sum. Came here yesterday for the first time and I'm so glad we did. After 3 years of being back East, we finally gave in and drove to Philly for delicious dim sum. My hubs and I are big dim sum fans and I'm surprised it took us this long to go. We were pleasantly surprised with Joy Tsin.
We came right on time. Shortly after we arrived (around 11A), it was PACKED with a line out the door. So be sure to get here early.
We sampled Shu Mai, Fried Tarot, Shrimp Balls, Sesame Balls, Pork Ribs, and so much more. My favorites were the Fried Tarot and the rice steamed in a banana leaf with a variety of meat. Oh MY GOD. So good. I could've had 3 of them (well, not really, but you can imagine).
The servers are very attentive and the food is fresh. The seafood dumpling tasted like it'd been in a heater for a bit but other than that, all of the pieces were delicious.I had my Philly wedding banquet here and it was the best night o my life!  Manager Kevin helped me select a customized menu for my 80 guests, but I only got through the 5th course out of 10. A little salty, but delicious!  Joy Tsin Lau is a great retsuarant for intimate meals, dim dum, or big banquets.  They do it all!Last summer a friend of mine brought me here to Joy Tsin Lau. We also came with three other people. It was on a Sunday at about 12 P.M. when we were seated right near the entrance. Being that I have never been to a place that served Dim Sum before, I knew I was in for something new. We ordered 7 or 8 dishes, which came to about $30-$35. I was able to try different soups, dumplings, spring rolls, and even the taro cake (I think that's what it was). Everything I had was pretty good and I didn't really have any complaints. Whenever I am near Chinatown in Philadelphia in the future, I will be stopping here for Dim Sum again.great cantonese style foodThe dim sum here is fantastic, I wish they had more of a variety, but everything we tried was superb.  There was no wait when we went, and the dim sum carts came around pretty regularly, even tried some taro cakes served hot off of a dim sum frying cart, great... Most definetly going back.JTL isn't bad at all, but not fantastic, either. The simple rule: If you stick with basics and don't get too exotic, you'll likely be satisfied. The dim-sum is better than average. Atmosphere-wise, the place could indeed use a re-do. It can occasionally get kind of loud, and God help you if you wander in on one of the occasional karoke nights...I give it three because it's another place with dim sum carts that come around but other than that it's not the best. The food is alright as with the choices but atmosphere is kinda dangy and not fun or upbeat. Imperial Inn is way betterI'm definite a fan of this place. It was my first time and took out my family out to celebrate my sister's boyfriend's graduation of law school and my brother's birthday. The inside and outside speaks traditional or old school chinese restaurant. We had dimsum that day by cart and it was fun to pick out food as it drives by you. I had tons of coconut cake (jello like) and tons of rice noodles, and shu mai. In the end a group of 5 that ate atleast 8 plates of various dimsum came out to be 40.00 which in all was pretty good.Joy Tsin Lau remains my favorite dim sum spot in Philly, and I've only eaten here for its dimsum. They have the traditional dim sum carts or you can order off the menu. 
The four stars is for Philly quality - not to be compared to dim sum places in NY.. or the Bay Area.. or LA... or even Houston. However, for someone craving dimsum in Philly, then this is the place to go. They have pretty much all the traditional dimsum menu items in decent quality. Here are four items I must get every time I eat dim sum:
Shrimp Dumplings
Siu Mai 
BBQ port buns (steamed or baked)
Beef ballsI been a customer of them for 5 years, just love there their food. especially dim sum is really good...Went here with a group of 6 people for brunch on a Sunday. There was a table available for our group, which was impressive, and the bill came out to a whopping (haha) $29. For 6 people. I almost fainted!
The food was tasty - not amazing, but for $5 per person, it was certainly better than it needed to be to justify the price. I'm definitely a fan and will be going back.My husband and i were touring Philly from out of town for the weekend and went to Chinatown for dinner. We walked around for a while trying to decide which of the many restaurants to go to and finally decided to give this place a try. 
The decor is admittedly antiquated, but i actually liked that. I was drawn to Philadelphia in the first place because of the Old world style of it's buildings and it's history. We were seated quickly and were brought a complimentary pot of tea and fried wonton noodles/chips with 2 dipping sauces. The staff were all dressed nicely in uniforms as well and I started to wonder if we had ended up at an expensive restaurant. 
We placed our orders and our food came out within 15 minutes. Massive portions by the way. Everything tasted fantastic! My husband and i have complete opposite tastes in food but we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We took half of our food to go, and the price was incredibly reasonable too. Overall, i felt we had hit the jackpot with this place. 
I read some of the reviews after the fact, though, and am hoping we dont end up with a terrible case of the notorious Hershey Squirts that others seemed to contract after going here. And now that i think about it, I guess the only negative thing i encountered first hand was when i went into the bathroom just before leaving. There was a gigantic, bloody maxi pad the size of a dictionary on the floor next to the toilet... but depending on how long that had been there, that's not necessarily their fault. There are gross animals out there no matter what (and yes, there were proper disposal cans in the stall).This is our go-to dim sum place in the city.  Service can be a bit iffy, you have to be assertive to get water and more food, but the food is great.  Always a line and no cheap parking.  There is a cheaper lot up the street, or you can take public transit.  Go with someone who knows what to order or just get brave.  My favorite: har kow.Between Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor for dim sum, I think I like Joy Tsin Lau's better.  Good variety of dishes and the portions aren't as huge as Ocean Harbor, which means I can try more things.  Wait time is also less here.  Came here recently for a wedding banquet and enjoyed quite the feast... cold appetizer, soup, abalone, peking duck, lobster, quail, whole fish, seafood nest, fried rice and noodles!Ate here today good chinese food i only ate here because it was easter and nothing else was open and had to work today.The dim sum here is pretty mediocre. A lot of the steamed dumplings are over cooked to the point of falling apart (both siu mai and har gow) and a lot of dishes just needed more flavor.  The congee, for example, needed more seasoning of the rice porridge.  
This should not be your first choice of dim sum restaurants.  it's mostly tasteless food in an uninspired setting.Cheap and decent dim sum.  I'd have to try other places in the Philly area to get a more complete picture, and I've heard that Joy Tsin Lau has had better days from the other people in my group.  The food was pretty greasy (per usual) and most of the standard fare is there: pork buns, siu mai, shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, congee, pai gwat, etc.  Worth a taste if you crave dim sum but there may be other good options in Chinatown as well.This dining experience was incredibly poor. A few colleagues and I were at a conference at the local conference center and decided to meet for lunch. My colleague ordered first and did not receive his order for 2 hours for his food, after being addressed 3 times from our group. While communicating with the server, THE SERVER THEN ATTEMPTS TO SPEAK TO HIM IN SPANISH. Spanish was not spoken at the table and my collegiate is Latino so the assumption that he spoke Spanish was INCREDIBLY INAPPROPRIATE! They then attempted to charge him for food that he didn't receive. As the rest of dishes was being served, we were clarifying what our orders were but were purposely being served the dishes that the server had in their hand. One of our colleagues is pescatarian and was charged for a soup with non-seafood that she didn't eat. The staff was then difficult to work with. Philly is a foodie's paradise. Skip this place in your journey.After a bad experience at Ocean Harbor, thankfully Philadelphia has pleased my dim sum craving. The place is very accommodating and the service is fast and attentive. We went in with a group of 5. For about $70 we all left stuffed and satisfied. 
Their fried taro is delicious. Will definitely be back on my next trip!This has been my family's go-to place in Philly forever. Don't waste your time getting one or two dishes here- either get the dimsum (though I think Ocean Harbor across the street has the best dimsum in Philly) or go with a group of at least 4 and hit up the family combo meals. For $15-$20 a person, you will have a 5-7 course authentic Chinese meal. Some of my favorite choices- seafood soup, yi mein, kong shin tsai (water spinach), szechuan beef, cantonese style-lobster, and four seasons (I love baby corns!).Service was horrible, and not one spoke English which made it hard to figure out what was what.  A lot of it was bland, and almost all of it was pork.  Avoid if you don't like pork.  
Only way I would go back is if I could have a translator and someone that knew more about different options. I've had better dim sum.friend & family favorite--dim sum is very good, w/periodic changes to their offerings - vegetarian & pork choices seem to be consistently the best ones.  Like the Chinese TV/DVDs, for me adds to the overall atmosphere.  They do get busy and there can be a wait, overall worth it,  Ranks for us just a little less than Ocean restaurant on 9th Str.This is your stereotypical Chinese restaurant -- very loud and not so great service. But the dim sum is solid and the wait isn't too terrible. The only thing that peeves me is that they don't use a number system. You just wait in line.I want to guide you to this place in China town. The food is all, well, Chinese and good Chinese food but what sets Joy apart is the atmosphere. It feels authentic, even if it's just to attract people. 
The food is solid, but it's Chinese food so let's not get carried away. But the atmosphere is spectacular. Really enjoyed my time there with a variety of culture littered about. A group of us went and came home happy. Enjoyable meal and even more enjoyable atmosphere.The word from the Chinese relatives (of the first-generation set) is that this place is better than Ocean Harbor. Who the heck really knows? I haven't been able to get into Ocean Harbor but it seems that the lines here at Joy Tsin Lau are at least manageable (consider that five years ago it was a sign of dedication and forethought to be able to get past the lines here). The family that owns this place is also notable for running the Golden City restaurant near Lansdale. 
Joy Tsin Lau is another institution for Chinese families. Standard dim sum cart service for those unacquainted with the process. The waiters wheel carts of food around and yell at you, so you yell back at them. Yell, grunt, and point in the general direction of what you want to eat, while praying to the deity of your choice that they understand Mandarin (or English).
But really, it's Philadelphia Chinatown and it's good for what it is and they're good at serving up a lot of fresh dim sum. Argue about quality all you want but it's hard to think of a better place for dim sum within an hour of Philly. The prices are fair for what you get, so I find it hard to raise any complaints other than I have to drive into Philly (oh mighty City of the First Class, nemesis of the OC set and their retention holsters). 
Wait they started taking credit cards, since when?!!