We stopped in last Saturday night for the first time and were greeted warmly. The lady behind the counter described the offerings, which included a lamb curry, chicken curry, a beef dish and several other selections. She could tell that we were not familiar with these dishes so she took the time to explain them to our satisfaction. We ordered and enjoyed both curries which were presented with rice, a side dish and naan. Midway through our meal, she brought over a sample of the beef dish for us to taste, and I enjoyed that as well. All in all, we had a very satisfying meal at this restaurant and will certainly be returning in the future.I came here to pick up some garlic naan because I ordered Indian food from another restaurant and they didn't have any naan's. I saw photos of their naan on yelp and it looked really good and perfectly cooked. I have tried lot of Indian places in the Northeast Philly and I have to admit that Kabobeesh has the best garlic naan ever. I will definitely come back here again to actually try their meals.The food tastes great. Order the chicken kabob platter and you won't be disappointed.  Also, the okra is so good!! Friendly and prompt service every time.Yum! Between the kind service, the delicious food, the good portions, and the price, this place is a sure win. We came in on a quiet night so the cashier had time to talk and explain to us what everything was. The food was nice and spicy, and we even got extras because she said they never keep stuff overnight (fresh!). We will definitely be back.Kabob rolls are quick and delicious, loves the naan and karahi the place is very comfortable too. Definitely worth the try if your someone who enjoys authentic kabobsNo rating what so ever because this is worst Restaurent you can ever go to. I walked in with my husband and the lady at the register didn't even look at us or greet us even though the entire Restaurent was empty. She kept on answering phone calls in front of us and didn't even tell us to wait or excuse me or anything at all. And they messed up our order, the buffet food tasted completely tasteless, only thing I could taste was salt. They don't  check up on you or give updates on when the order will be ready either. They don't treat you like anything, worst customer service I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and do not ruin your appetite and mood by going to this place. Just being honest. Because I love my food and service. Have a blessed day.This place is wonderful! The food is fresh and delicious,  the people are  friendly and attentive. EVERYTHING we ate was succulent and extremely tasty! We will definitely be returing again!Ok here it is this is honest review i ate in this place twice first i had the lamp plater it looked good but tge rice had no tatste what ao ever the meat was some of chew y. The nan looked amazing but was again no flavor but wasn't bad the side dish spinach was the best thing i ever had then next time i got the whole chicken meal with 2 nan and sald the chicken was super dry and chewy kinda wasn't cooked all way plus this place charge lot of money and for low quality its shame i had ti give one star if i had the option i would give zero star never againI ordered the seikh kebab platter and the tikka masala lunch special. Friendly and courteous staff, food was OK.Got can smell the barbecue when you walk in, and its heavenly! Some specials that are only available on the weekends (nihari, hakeem) which we will have to return to try, but on a weekday we had solid service and great tasting food. The lamb chops were done perfectly and perfectly spiced. The resham chicken was good as well with just enough white sauce. You can get most things as a meal with rice, salad and a side,  or a la carte. The falooda was excellent as well, outside of the motherland of course. The dining room is nice, but you order at the counter and sit where ever you want.  They are a little slow still and probably working out their links, but solid food and decent interior.So I was craving some Pakistani food and decided to give this place a try. I ordered the Chicken Kabob, Chicken Karahi, and Garlic Naan. The food left my mouth longing for more. Perfectly cooked authentic food. The charcoal cooked kabobs left my mouth in heaven.
Then we were still hungry so ordered the Chicken Resham and Malai Tikkah. No words to explain this. A true restaurant that makes food with care. This place is perfect for the family. Will be coming here a lot more often.
Now the Dessert, the rice pudding was excellent so was the kulfi and Falooda. Great desserts best I had in a while.
Customer Service was great one of the best experiences I had in a while.Their chicken gyro is HUGE for only $6, but the flavoring was alright. I love their curry, excellent flavor, meat really tender. Kabob platter, $10-12, comes with salad, white rice, and another item of your choice. Their kabob are good. Rice & salad - nothing to rave about. Pros - cheap price, fair/huge portions, good kabob, excellent curry. Cons - some items have average taste, like rice & chicken gyro.I really liked it.  It was way too spicy for my GF and kids. (I even got what they said were the least spicy for them).I can't give them more than one star First A lot of Mistakes wrong food then you will Serve yourself after all that charge you 18% for what !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Before you charge for service you should make sure you give good service 
Food is good but sorry I will never back againGreat food, great service, affordable prices, finally a good alternative to other crappy pakistani restaurants in the area.This place was alright. Maybe 3.5 stars, not quite 4. Ok. 4. To be fair, not a big fan of Indian/Pakistani food, but I do like it if it's good. 
I really didn't like the owners/guy who was at the counters attitude. He was a bit condescending. Oh you don't know what this particular item is? I must be an idiot. Oh I've never been to the other location? I must live under a rock.
Despite this agitating beginning, the food came out fast and was delicious. Especially the bread. get more of that. It was crispy on the outside, soft in the middle. The kabobs were cooked well and flavorful.
I would definitely return.Waited more than an hour for my order and got a phone call from GrubHub they cancelled my order because they were closing in 10 mins making an excuse their system wasn't workingFantastic food. Authentic grill. Try the salmon fry Indian style or king fish curry
Prices are very affordableThis place has amazing food, from the kabab rolls to the rice meals. the price is very reasonable too. The chicken and meat is cooked from the marinaded skewers giving it a great grilled taste.Love the food here. Service is great and the restaurant is clean. Even the bathrooms are kept clean. Loved all the food but I love the chicken karahi, you must try if you go here. It's so flavorful and the sauce is Delicious.Love love love this place. I had to give 4 stars because they are stingy when it comes to the yogurt sauce......... my friend is a Paki and she tells me these Indian/Paki businesses are very sti gy....On our visit to Bensalem we had our dinner at Kabobeesh. This places serves Indian, Pakistani and authentic Halal food. We had Lamb Biryani with nihari, lamb kebabs and garlic naan. Nihari was really good, nicely cooked and fully flavored.
The kebabs and chicken of biryani were exceptionally tender and juicy. 
It's the best place to have authentic halal food. And not to mention, the lady at the counter is extremely helpful when it comes to the menu and food.This place is a nice spot for authentic Indian food in the northeast. It's new inside and it looks like it, which gives you a comfortable/clean feeling. Mixed with an old style kitchen and the original brick, it's a good mix of new and old decor. 
The food is fairly good.  The chicken kebabs are off the hook!! The chicken is spiced so well and it is very moist. The samosas are also pretty good, nothing bad or great about them. I recommend skipping the main courses, and sticking with the kebabs. 
I ordered the lamb Biryani and it was so so. The seasoning was a bit too much, and too much fat on the lamb pieces. My lady ordered the lamb curry and she said it was rather mild. Not too many bold flavors, but not that bland either. 
The garlic naan was off the hook though! Best naan I've had so far and that's probably the 5-6th Indian spot We've hit up so far. 
 Overall, we will be back again as it's the best Indian spot in the northeast that we have had so far.I am not super familiar with Pakistani food, but I really enjoyed what I have tried from here. My boyfriend and I ordered takeout. We split one meal (which comes with the rice and sides) and one protein a la cart which was enough food. I had the tandoori chicken and bf got the beef tikkah(sp?). Both were very flavorful and tasty. The little salad was enough to make me feel like I got my greens. The rice while nothing crazy was really good when the house made green sauce was put on it. Get the green sauce!!! Cauliflower was also delish, and used the naan to pick up and little pieces of food left over. Will be back to try more!I am using my girlfriends account to write a review because I am paranoid that if I write reviews to my favorite spots, that eventually, they will attract hipsters. With that being said, this place is so so so so good I just have to let the virtual world know. 
First of all, the staff is always warm, inviting, and helpful. I have yet to see a frowning face. They make homemade naan just like you may have seen Anthony Bourdain eating in Pakistan. It is to die for. Everything is cooked over charcoal, I mean you can taste it, smell it, textually, you get the point. I've had a good amount of the menu, but what really brings me here is The Lamb Roll. I friggin' dream about this. This is Gods gift to man. I mean it is death row, last meal worthy for me! I'm a food snob, I don't say that lightly, this Roll hits it all. The lamb is perfect. Tender, juicy, succulent, slightly charred, yet melt like butter. It's rolled into homemade naan along with light lettuce (which I love) cucumbers, carrots thinly sliced, red onion, and this....I don't know Sauce of the Gods. It's like a tangier maybe a bit spicy Pakistani taziki sauce. The portion is more than enough, the price is more than fair and everything is made fresh, you can watch them pull your skewer and start cooking as soon as you order. Do yourself a favor and take your loved ones, put your phone away, enjoy one another's company and eat some of the most delicious food you ever ate. TEXTURAL AND FLAVOR EXPLOSIONS! Oh yeah, get a chicken samosa to start!I was so excited try a new place in this neighborhood I frequent fairly often as I've been to all of my other spots quite a bit, and am always looking to add another spot to the rotation. 
Ordering via Yelp was easy. My card was already saved, and I love the convenience of the tip being added online because it's so rare I carry cash these days. Excited to pick up my food which was ready on time! It was all downhill from
there...
I entered the lackluster joint just off the Blvd in the NE. I proceeded to the cashier who was standing next to what I assumed was their lunch buffet. (I should note it was very small). I told her I had placed an order online. No greeting. No hello. I then asked her about the interesting looking bowl by the register. She didn't respond. Maybe she didn't hear me? I asked again. No answer. Ok, maybe she doesn't understand English? One more time..."mint" she finally replies. Bewildered because I've never seen pink mint before, I asked about the pink. "Its licorice". Wow, 4 times to get one response to a simple question. Fine, she was having a bad day. She didn't want to make small talk. She handed me my to-go bag and I said thank you. No response from her. No "thank you". No "have a good day". No "thanks for stopping in". No "enjoy". Nothing. Needless to say, I left with a bitter taste in my mouth before I even tried the food. THIS is the kind of person you want representing your business?
Got to the car and the smell of the garlic naan I ordered for my daughter was so incredible! Yum! Unfortunately I then saw as I went to sit the bag down that my order was already spilling! I JUST got to my car! Really people?! The paper bag was soaked with oil and there was oil puddle in the plastic bag! Listen, I have two kids who spill and get sticky stuff all over my car, I don't need anything adding to it! Already between the unfriendly girl and the messy bag I'm nervous about spilling all over my car, I'm annoyed. 
I get to where I'm headed and sit down to eat what I'm thinking is a semi healthy meal of lentils and eggplant with potatoes only to see it's 1/3 pure oil! If I wanted to eat junk and clog my arteries, I would've really indulged, not on lentils!! No wonder it was spilling! Ugh! It dripped all over my shirt as I ate and I needed a plastic tray to put underneath the containers. The taste was fine. Just fine. It could've used a bit more of that exotic spice I'm used to when eating this cuisine. I didn't finish my meal and couldn't even take it home because of the complete mess it became. I left it for my dad and he said he also couldn't make it past all of the oil and he tried straining it! What a disaster! 
Such a bummer! 
I hear their kabobs are where it's at and I was considering recommending that to the fam in the area, but because if the segue, in second guessing that. I say if you're giving it a go, stick with things other than sides, and I hope your waitress is friendlier than the cashier on my first visit. 
Me? When I'm craving this type of food, I'll
stick with Zaika right down the Blvd. They're delicious AND friendly. And I'm actually getting a healthy meal when I order one. 
P.S. My tummy STILL hurts from the oil!Decided to check this place out after a few coworkers ordered take out and enjoyed it. I called in my order for take out: chicken karahi, rice, naan, and chana. When I went to pick up, the food was ready right away, and the service was great. I enjoyed the flavors of the chicken karahi and the Chana was also delicious! Both were a bit spicy (which I'm a fan of - but the menu didn't mention spice level for these dishes; could be a problem for some). The rice was fluffy and perfectly cooked, and the naan was...well, I never met a naan I didn't like. My two critiques of Kabobeesh would be that the chicken karahi, and chana, although really flavorful, came with about a half inch of oil floating on top, which was excessive in my opinion, and also the chicken, which was cut into chunks, had several bones in almost every piece which I don't know if that's the traditional way to serve it but I feel like it would have been more enjoyable had there been no bones in the chicken, or served in larger pieces so you can easily identify the bones. Other than that, I would recommend this place if you're in the mood for something a little different.  I will try the kabobs next time!Excellent food, Lahori taste. Nihari, haleem, samosa chaat, Kabab and kulfi (home made) were great tasting and fresh. Very friendly service.I was thrilled to hear that Kabobeesh had a location in Northeast, which makes it so much more convenient for all the desi families to enjoy this food instead of having to trek into the city. 
The food always hits the spot. The channa, kabobs, palak, naan, everything is true Lahore style cuisine. One of my favorite dishes was the karai chicken, the perfect amount of spice and the gravy to chicken ratio was just right. I've also had their tandoori chicken wraps, using their charcoal grilled naan with a combination of chutneys and salad. You won't regret trying that. 
If you're into this place for lunch/dinner, definitely pay a visit when they're open for breakfast. You will be greeted with an authentic Pakistani gourmet morning meal, and I promise you'll be so full of yummy happiness.I love this place. The food is great, and you can really tell the owners care about their guests' experience. The chicken resham roll is a darn good sandwich, and the curries I've tried are great, too.
The prices are excellent for large servings, but be advised of the $10 minimum for cards. Call ahead if you're short on time, but if you end up waiting or eating in they've always got a good nature documentary playing on the big screen. I never knew I wanted that in a lunch spot, but here I am, full of curry goat and facts about the Himalayas, and I wouldn't want it any other way.
Thanks, Kabobeesh!The BEST chicken karahi I have ever had in North America. The BBQ is really scrumptious. I drove from NJ all the way to give it a try and it was worth it. The only downside of this place is the area is ghetto but come on its Philly.Best authentic Pakistani/ Indian food in Northeast area. Customer service is excellent and place is really beautiful to dine in. Prices are decent and always try chef special. try Mithai (dessert), it's heaven on earth.I stopped here at lunch...their food is amazing...very fresh... the great thing is they also have options for vegetarian people...their chana Dal is delicious...their breads are freshly cooked....And the service is great also...Where do I start! The food today was amazing. All the flavors satisfied every craving of mine. The customer service was professional and I felt very welcomed from the moment I was greeted at the door. Their portions were generous and the left overs were still tasty hours after I left Kabobi. The ambiance of this restaurant felt like I can have family time or even come back with my friends. I'm definitely coming back!!Went here with family and friends. Had a great time. Very nice food. 
Had full Goat Karhai. You have to order an hour ahead for the Goat Karhai. We ordered when we left the house and ordered rest of the food when we arrived there.
Sitting is nice and clean. Staff is very helpful.
Ordered Gola Kabab to try and they came out really yummy. Very good as appetizers.
Had chicken Malai boti and Bihari kababs. Both awesome. Not very spicy so kids could eat especially the chicken malai. The taste is very authentic pakistani.
Naan are good but my only problem is that they need to have BASIC Naan. They have this upgraded soft-ish naan which doesnt go very well with the karhai.
Will come back for sure. My eyes are on their Meat Lovers platter of hundred bucks which is good for 10 people ;-)BF and I had a flavorful meal here last night. We went to the other site in West Philly and had to try this NE Philly spot. Karachi chicken; chana; squash; resham kabob; naan; chapati. All very good. Best is Byobreally nice kitchen which you can recommend smiley, cleanliness, service very good quality.Hands down the best food I've had since I moved to Philadelphia! Noel the cashier was very nice and welcoming and took time to explain to me the popular menu options. I went with the Chicken Kufta Kabob and the Aloo Baji as a side. The kabob was so savory and marinated to perfection! The Aloo baji was definitely my favorite side and at one point I found myself eating the rice by itself because of how soft it was! I was feeling adventurous and tried the orange and cream soda to wash it all down and that was the cherry on top (or should I say orange)! All in all my best and most favorite food experience by far!The food did not taste good. Biriyani was served cold and we never got vegetables which were part of our meal. The meals were overly priced too. No service whatsoever: we were sitting at our table for like 15 mins until one of us decided to go and ask for the menu on our own and guess what: we were supposed to grab menu ourselves and order right away. Well, when we entered the cashiers did not even bother to say anything to us and just watched us go and sit at the table for 15 mins. What an amazing service right!Best Pakistani food in the area!! Excellent customer service. Highly recommended. Their chicken karahi, kabobs and Chana are the best!!Everytime I go to this place I get different impressions. Most time the food is good, sometimes it taste different . I like the lamb curry, I only get it if on display tray. Overall, it is a good place.We been to Kabobeesh many times since its new branch in Northeast Philly. Everytime the food and staff service is excellent. Its always clean. I highly recommend everyone to this place.Went to iftaar there and the restaurant was considerate enough to put out punch, dates and pakora for all who were fasting Ramadan. Typical simple fair to eat and good. More like I would imagine Pakistani home cooking. Not too spicy and made fresh to order. Very friendly hostess and staff. Don't let the outside fool you (which is in need of a serious curb appeal makeover). Inside is swell.Came back tonight with BF. 2nd time visiting. This time ordered spinach and chana side plus lahori chargha and chicken Karahi and fresh baked naan. Lahori was not as spicy and flavorful as west philly spot. A little butter on naan and some oil with Karahi. All too say how good enough to take home for meals during the week. Will return for good food.Stopped by on their Grand Opening and I must say, it was fantastic!!! Everything you know and love about Kabobeesh is now available in the northeast. 
I ordered the chicken biryani, which was superb. The owners provided FREE fried chicken to everyone because it was opening night. It was some of the better fried chicken I've had in a looooong time! 
5 star service. I'd highly recommend it!!!!Kabob over fresh salad with mint chutney on the side.  Large tasty portion
Kabobs are freshly grilled to order so come prepared to wait 20 minutes.  It is worth itI'm not really a fan of the recent trips I've had here. I think they could definitely clean up the restaurant and make it feel more comfortable. Every time I go, it feels so cold and unbearable to enjoy my food. The food is okay, not the best. I think when this place first opened up, the food was much better. Not sure what happened.Great food! One of my favorite spots for grilled and authentic Pakistani cuisine flavors! A must try especially for locals!Talk about terrible interior design. Tell me how you have such a nice location and a nice building and the walls are dirty and undecorated. The tables are uneven and don't even have table covers. The chairs are old and under appealing. 
The cashier just stood and starred at us when we entered, as if we were aliens. No greeting whatsoever. 
We sat at a table and waited for the server, 10 minutes later we get up to ask about the waiter and then they tell us "you order and then eat your food at the table". Well couldn't you tell us that when we first entered instead of just looking at our faces?
The prices are high..  I understand if you are serving us but you're not serving us so why are the prices so high?
Secondly the portions were so small. 
I don't get it. If you have a restaurant why don't you make it nice so people enjoy the experience. 
The worst part is despite all that... The food didn't even taste good lol. The meat from the kabobs were chewy and flavor less. 
This was literally the worst restaurant experience we had in several years.First time here and I'd definitely go back again.  I had a lamb kabob roll. Amazing flavor. The food is made fresh so be prepared to wait a while or call ahead.Super nice staff.  Both gentlemen were not only very friendly but were accommodating too.   
Carry out order consisting of butter chicken, basmati rice, saag aloo, garlic naan & a mango lasse.
Portions were nice sized.  
I'm guessing here but I'll bet there's going to be a butter shortage if these guys stay in business.  
Simply delicious resulting in multiple visits while I was in area.  
If I'm ever in Bensalem area again I am coming back.
Thank you Kabobi!I don't eat Indian much, but this feels like more authentic indian food than usual. The curry sauce I had was excellent. The veggie samosa was amazing - crisp and well filled. There was a problem with my bill due to Yelp and the manager handled it very well.What a tasteful, pleasant surprise! I had passed by Kabobeesh a quite few times and finally walked on in. This quaint Pakistani restaurant prides itself on their kabobs, and didn't disappoint. We had a chicken, resham beef, and beef tikka (?) kabob meal. Each came with a side of vegetables, either mixed or an okra mix. Both were very flavorful, as well as a small green salad. My fave was the resham beef kabob. Perfectly seasoned and all were charcoal grilled. The meal also came with fresh, hot naan. Delicious! The authentic grill aroma permiated the restaurant to water the mouth on entry. The dipping sauces, including yogurt and multiple hot stuffs, were readily available at a small station. We took home some baklava that was honey moist, crispy, and finger licking! A simple Pakastani/Indian spot with tons of flavor. I'm looking forward to trying their Biriyani and Curry dishes soon.I ordered a combo platter with eggplant, lamb, lentils, and pita... and baklava for dessert.  My only complaint is that I ate too much.  It was a pleasant surprise for an unplanned meal late on a Friday evening, where the food was ready quickly.  I'll be back!The BEST chicken karahi I have ever had in North America. The BBQ is really scrumptious. I drove from NJ all the way to give it a try and it was worth it. The only downside of this place is the area is ghetto but come on its Philly.Its a hit or miss here...either its well cooked and delicious or seasoned improperly and not good at all including dry chicken and samosas that are filled with only potatoes and don't come with a sauce as well as the chicken tikka masala that tastes like tomato sauce and biryani that has only about 3 small peices of chicken in it...Excellent Asian vegetable! Love it. Gotta try the lamb chop as well. Bursting with flavor. Bit of a kick to Asian vegetable but not overbearing.First timer here and having this type of food. The guy at the counter was very nice and helpful with what to try. I enjoyed the experience, and the food. No complaints here, check them out!This is probably the best place, best tastes, best food, best price  in the America. So friendly employees. Thank you so much for the best delicious food experience. Hi from TurkishmanI was so excited to hear Kabobeesh was opening a restaurant int he Northeast, as we have always been fans of their University City location. We went tonight and saw that the original chef is now in this location and the food is just fantastic. True Lahori style dishes, kabobs and desserts and everything we tried was fantastic. The naan was perfectly cooked and huge, yet light as a feather. The restaurant is clean, which is not always the case with other Pakistani/Indian restaurants in this area. So we are happy to find our new/old favorite Pakistani restaurant, conveniently located in the Northeast. They also do catering and are very pleasant people to deal with.Very good place and very good service. Thank you to our waiter Noel! He did not keep us waiting  .. food came on time and it was deliciousLamb chops are delicious. Good service and ideally located. Takeout services is good.Stopped by during their Grand Opening and I must say, it was fantastic!!! Everything you know and love about Kabobeesh is now available in the northeast. 
I ordered the chicken biryani, which was superb. The owners provided FREE fried chicken to everyone because it was opening night! It was some of the better fried chicken I've had in a looooong time!!
Great service and great food. I'd highly recommend it!!!!I gotta say... everything here is better than it used to be. The food is much fresher and tastier all around. I had dinner with my family of 7 adults and 3 kids and it was well worth the $150 price. 
The naan was fresh, the variety of kebabs was enjoyed by the adults as well as the kids. The Chana and Chicken tikka were soo good, and the kharai was great as usual. 
Proper service to cap it offThe famiglia ended up here after shopping at Philadelphia Mills today. We could have had a meal conveniently at the food court but a yelp search listed Kabobeesh in the results. Having heard rave reviews about the University City location of this Pakistani joint, we decided to make the 10-minute drive to see if we could possibly find an "oasis in the desert" given our poor dining experiences at south-east Asian restaurants in suburbia that lies south of the NJ border.
We chose to get the Chapli Kabob, Resham Chicken Kabob, Biryani, Lahori Chargha (a pakistani take on deep fried chicken) and Chana (Chickpeas) for dinner. A first bite into the Resham Chicken Kabob and we stared at each other in delight. What succulent, smokey charcoal-grilled goodness! The Chapli Kabob had the right balance of spices and was equally delicious.
The Biryani was rich with notes of saffron and whole spices, clarified butter separating the grains of basmati rice individually and perfectly cooked pieces of bone-in chicken thighs in the mix. 
My mother who is primarily vegetarian was having the Chana with a side of rice. Given that the rest of the food was amazing, we got curious to sample a little of her selection and we were very impressed.
The Chargha was a first for us. This Pakistani specialty comprises a full chicken that's marinated and fried but given the fact that we were really stuffed, we decided to eat it later at home only to discover a fall-off-the-bone delicious bird. Very impressed by the flavors.
The only suggestion that we have for the owners is to invest in regular silverware and plates. Most of the operation is setup along the lines of a "to-go joint" with the restaurant providing styrofoam plates, flimsy plastic spoons, forks and knives for dining in. This sort of robs the joy of what could be a very enjoyable meal and also reduces landfill waste.By far the best place I have found that serves cook to order kabobs ! I am officially hooked on this place! The smokey chicken wings are amazing! Finally a place that knows how to cook meat without overcooking it!!!  If you like Indian food or any food that is well seasoned with a  kick of heat to it I promise you too will be hooked.  Lamb kabobs are tender and full of flavour. They make fresh naan bread to order and it's delicious. I have been doing take out due to this COVID-19 and it's a pleasure coming here, the staff is always friendly and helpful, just all around a great place full of positive energy and delicious food!!!The Only reason I took off a star is because the order didn't do well while being delivered, so liquids were everywhere, and the rice, salad, and side, were all mixed together.
The food, otherwise, is excellent.Ordered 3 chicken biryani. The orders had only 3/4 pieces of chicken and most of the pieces were literally just bone. The garlic naan was basically burnt but it had good flavor.The food here is great! And everyone is super nice, it looks to be family owned and everything is made there fresh. Second time going and will definitely go back!More like a fast food place. I guess it was ok, goat was tender , rice was fine, veggies had flavor for $9 lunch special you could do worse. Naan was a little doughy but the veg samosa was ok and the mint chutney was ok. So overall if I had to choose between Arby's or this place, this place for sure.Need some hard work on customer service. Nevertheless, Lamb chops are delicious. Order much in advance as it can take a while sometime for the foodNeed some hard work on customer service. Nevertheless, Lamb chops are delicious. Order much in advance as it can take a while sometime for the food ofcourse without any sense of customer service!!I don't care if the interior of this place is NJ it your style or the tables u eat on are uneven lol my rating for this place is solely on the food! Everything I have had there so far is 5 star quality! Good quality ingredients and the grill and char on everything is just perfection. Top it off with their homemade  green chili sauce and you will crave and be back for more gaurenteed! 
My favorites are any and every keboob they make with the pita ofcourse. Their chaghra (roasted chicken) is so crispy and covered in a wonderful spice mixture which leaves the inside so moist and fall right off the bone! Then you have the lambchops!! What a steal I forgot the price but who really knew the pakis could be this great at grilling! Last but Not least desert, their faloda is a perfect ending not too much just the right amount can even be split by two with a touch of rose water.Incredible food.  Flavors of Pakistan.  Food is grilled on a charcoal grill.  We got a variety of kebabs.  Out favs were the malai tikhah and lamb chops.  We also had naan.I really would give this place a 4.5/5, if it allowed it. 
The food is awesome, if you're into Indian cuisine and good kabobs, this is the place for you. I went to the NE location in Philly, but I know they have a West Philly location that all my friends love. It's a small place but it accommodates a lot of people. I usually visit with my family but most recently I went with 10 friends and the space was perfect. 
The quality of food is good, especially the meats. I love their side of chickpeas and spinach, but all other sides are equally delicious. My favorite is the chicken kabob platter and my friends all liked the lamb chops. They have amazing mango lassi, it's not as thick as they usually are.
Service is good, everyone was nice and accommodating. It took around 30 minutes for all of our food to come out, and it's really good for freshly made meat. When you're there...DO NOT MISS OUT ON THE NAN.My BF and I have chosen this place once again. BF previously dined here with my father a week ago. Our date night is sitting at the back table with our BYOB. The chef must think we are crazy but we ordered the full size Goat and Chicken Karachi med spice, 4 naans( without butter), saag with aloo and chana masala. The meal could serve 10 people but it is just 2 of us. We like the food although the med spice could be hotter, but then again the hot spice may be overpowering. We always order a lot to take home for family or next day meals. Sultan, the chef agreed to the photo. Abdul is very professional. Young cashier fellow was cool. Def a good spot to relax and eat good homecooked food.3.5. Not bad. Not bad at all. Some nice fire on the chicken tikka kebob. Competent rice. Great chick peas. A decent neighborhood option.  Folks were nice.  Next time I will try the fish. 
The baklava serving was enough for two people with leftovers for breakfast. Enormous and competent.Great food!!!! Friendly staff!!! Everything is made fresh to order!!! I highly recommend this place!!! The tandoori chicken roll is phenomenal!!!A gem of a restaurant with a fabulicious menu nestled in a supremely accessible location. Every grilled item has always been cooked to perfection with CHARCOAL! Naan (essentially fresh, fluff pita bread) is better than most other restaurants of the same genre. Can't get food like this anywhere else! 
1st timers: you HAVE to try the "tandoori ___" (pick your choice of meat). The wraps are hearty, too! 
They also sell an entire chicken!!I love this place their food is always delicious. I love the lamb. The Naan is bomb. Great friendly service.