Perhaps food is food and shouldn't be based on taste vs. price ratio.  But when it comes to my experience at Kabul, I have to look at ratios.  Neither was I wowed nor disappointed.  I'd wanted to give it a go for about a year, and when I finally tried it one Sunday evening, I found it a pleasing and warm atmosphere, yet I found the cuisine a hit/miss.  I enjoyed my vegetarian entree, but was puzzled at the salad that began the meal.  It seemed more like a miniaturized version of a starter salad at your local Bennigan's.  The service was adequate.  The price was a bit more than I would have imagined for the quality (and quantity) of dish.  I enjoyed the dining experience, but was not overwhelmed with joy.  
I liked the place.  But that's as far as I go.Bad service, inattentive servers. Food was ok, but the ports were small and the waiter didn't warn us. We paid for extra meet, but received extra sauce and mushrooms instead in a small bowl. They played the same song while we were there, it was very annoying. Bathroom is clean with cheesy pictures. The service is very slow, it took a while to order and to get the check. The amount on the check was wrong, after we paid they try to kick us out right away. I am not coming back here !We had three types of appetizers, the samosa was my favorite. We also had lamb kabab and kufta kabab for the entrees. They were soft, juicy and tasted great. Will definitely go back again.I don't understand the poor reviews.   I have been to this place on 3 occasions and drive up from Newark, DE.   Food is excellent and the wait staff is very friendly and helpful in making selections.   The lamb dishes are phenomenal.  Very tender and tasty.   It's a small place that is well appointed.   I highly recommend this place.    I think the prices are fair .... maybe a tad high, but that is common in Old City area at any restaurant.   If you want to go cheaper don't go to a restaurant in Old City.  Pick some strip mall.   I highly recommend this place!Went there with my boyfriend last night, and we loved it! The service was great. Very courteous, speedy, and helpful.  Everything was delicious.  We tried 2 apps and 2 of the house specials, and they were just amazing.  We both had lamb, which was tender and juicy.  I got the brown rice and he got the saffron and both were wonderful, though once you taste the saffron you don't want anything else ever again.  Yum yum yum. High quality, high deliciousness, 5 stars.  I will be going back.My husband and myself think this restuarant makes the BEST TASTING food in Philly.  The place is small and cozy and nothing fancy for sure, but the food is always cooked to perfection and full of wonderful armoas and flavors.  It's not too pricey; not cheap either.  I consider it middle of the road in terms of cost, but for the food, I think its a great deal.   We go heavy on the appetizers- they're all great.  So are the desserts and Turkish coffee.  My favorite entree is the Noregne Pilav- on the sweeter side with candied orange rind, saffron, pistachios and almonds.  Its best with the chicken.   The food in thise place will not disappoint.  They're also on diningin.com, and we order from here several times a month. If you're eating in, this place is a BYO and there's a liquor store just around the corner.The food is nice, decor is nice with a lot of pre-taliban Afghan relics. I had the chicken shish kebap with Afghan pilav, it was pretty good.Kabul is my current favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, and probably the best Afghan restaurant I've ever been to. It's a popular spot that fills up quickly on weekend evenings. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, even romantic - but what keeps me coming back is the food.
From the appetizer list, try the Bulanee Gandana and Bulanee Kadu - fried turnovers filled with scallions and herbs, and delicately spiced pumpkin, respectively. They remind me of fried wontons. The complimentary salad is rather unpretentious - iceberg lettuce and sliced cucumber, with a few carrot shavings tossed in. The dressing makes it special, though. It's a zingy, tangy, yogurt-based concoction that tastes of garlic, mint, and I think cilantro... very tasty.
The menu boasts many vegetarian entrée options, which makes me very happy. One favorite is the Norenge Palaw - chunks of eggplant simmered with tomatoes and spices, covered by a mound of sweet, cardamom-scented saffron rice, and topped with almonds, pistachios, and slivers of candied orange zest. Another favorite is the Chalaw Lobya - kidney beans simmered with onions in a wonderfully spiced tomato sauce, then topped with a touch of yogurt and a dash of green powder, which I think may be finely ground mint leaves; this dish is served with a plate of deliciously spiced white or brown basmati rice. I also love the Chalaw Sabzi - spinach cooked with kidney beans and spices, with a touch of tomato, also served with white or brown basmati rice. Another winning dish is Facillya - green beans cooked with onions in a tomatoey sauce. This dish is more subtly spiced than some of the others, but it's a bit spicier in heat level. Not hot, mind you; just enough to make it interesting. Simple and flavorful. This is home-style cooking at its best. Luckily they also bring you Afghan bread, kind of the Middle Eastern version of focaccia; it's perfect to sop up all that delicious sauce. And if you can't choose from the lovely selection, don't fret - you can order side dishes of most vegetable dishes for $4!
If you have room for dessert, do try the Sheer-E-Yakh - vanilla ice cream topped with almonds, pistachios, and a pink rosewater-flavored syrup. It's divine.
For the record:  I have dined here with omnivorous friends as well, and they've all proclaimed the meat dishes to be as tasty as the veggie fare.
Also, a note on the prices:  Yes, they are a bit high when you look at the food-per-dollar ratio. But honestly, the food is so well prepared and so extremely flavorful, that I still feel it's worth every penny. And I have never, ever left this place still hungry. In fact, I always end up with a container of leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.Overpriced. Understaffed. 
I use to come here a lot, but the quality of the service has gone downhill. We waited 15 minutes just for water, and ended up staying there for 1.5 hours with only two of us. There was only one waiter with no manager on duty....and if he was, he wasn't helping at all. 
The food was okay, but nothing exceptional.Unbelievably slow service. Only had 3/4 other tables filled and we had to call the waitress over after 25 minutes to get water and out our order in. The apps came after another 25 minutes. This is what I imagine an Afghani diner to look like. Nothing nice, nothing special about the presentation but we enjoyed the food. Scallion and feta pastries were pretty good. Then the dinner came pretty quick. I ordered the lamb shank which was pretty good. Friend ordered lamb and eggplant which was also pretty good. Well because they took so long we finished dinner as they were close to closing I guess and they slapped a check in our table before we could order dessert. While the food was good, I probably wouldn't go back because there's hundreds of good places to eat with better service in this city. And if you're craving afghani food there's literally another restaurant on the same block. I think I understand why there were only 3/4 other tables filled.Went on a wet and miserable Wednesday night so it was pretty quiet, but this meant that we were served quickly and given lots of attention.  Our waiter was great, really friendly.  We had two different sort of turnovers to start, one with pumpkin which was really really really good!  And one with potato which was a little bland.  Next we chose a main dish each, one chicken korma-like dish which I really enjoyed, the meat was really juicy and the sauce had plenty of flavor, and a lamb dish which was well cooked.  Both came with an ample amount of fantastic brown rice. Portion sizes weren't great considering the cost, but we were still happy and full and the quality of the food was really good on the whole.  Many of the meat dishes on the menu did look very very similar on the menu however, and the standard meals are not rich with spice, so maybe consider taking them up on their offer of added spice.  Overall though a good evening! Will definitely visit again.This was a great choice for my birthday dinner this past year. The food is very different, a cuisine that I don't get a chance to taste very often, and the restaurant was very accommodating for our larger groups. We all shared the mixed appetizer plate and then shared each of our entrees - very good way to taste the whole menu! Extra points for being a BYO as well, and the waiter wasn't pushy about getting us away from the table.The food was really good. Had the Sambosa's, a Turnover, and the Egg Plant with safron rice.  We also shared the pumpkin with white rice and fish kebab.  All were very good and the service was nice. Only criticism would be the large amounts of rice per dish.  Other than that, would recommend. .The lamb with mushroom and saffron rice was very tasty. I love the mix of the lamb with the sweet rice. I recommend this place. It is a must try.Cute little Afghan place. The servings were huge, you could definitely order one dish and share with two to three people. There was a lack of seating so we sat on the ground in this separate boxed area with pillows and had to remove our shoes, it added to the authentic feeling.
Everything was really just A-Ok, nothing more and nothing less.This place is very charming and quiet and has a lot of vegan food options. I had several different vegetable dishes and all were very tasty. However, some of the dishes are served with yogurt, so you have to make sure you ask for it without!Been a couple of times, each was fantastic. This last time was a bit rough. Service was extremely slow (I think they were too busy our under staffed?) and some of the wine glasses were questionable. Maybe try and go on an off night?
However, the food was on point. Anything with kadu (pumpkin), or norenge (eggplant) should be a sure fire hit. Sweet saffron rice is something you need to order. The Kabul combination for appetizers is a good deal for a group, and you can order all of the different stuffed pastries.The food and service were ok. The best way I can think of to describe this experience was "dry". The service was dry and not freindly. The food was dry and not moist. Not sure what else to say....I've had Afghani food before, so I was expecting a bit more when my partner and I came in for a Friday night meal. We were seated promptly, which was nice. But the rest of the night was a disappointment. The food was good - not great, not spectacular, but good. The big issue we had was the price; we could get the same food for half the price elsewhere, so it seems like they're just taking advantage of their Old City location (then again, I'm sure rent ain't cheap in those parts). 
We had to flag down the servers to get water refills, and the salad that came with the meal looked like it was poured from a pre-made bag. While our entrees were fine, by the time we left we both had stomachaches from the grease. Its not the worst place I've ever been, but I likely won't go back.Excellent food, atmosphere, and friendly staff. Highly recommended. A nice place for the family or date night.4 stars for quality and taste. We ordered chicken from weekend specials and lamb with pistachios, raisins,carrots and brown rice. Food was cooked perfect, also it was fresh and very tasty. You get salad and bread with entry, so it what we got.
Unfortunately, service was very slow. The place was full of people and just two waiters. We had to ask for waiter couple of times. 
 The place also is not very clean and modern. It is definitely needs some innovations in the design. I understand that they want to keep it authentic, but it still can be nicer. Bathrooms were creepy, and candles on the tables were like from cemetery.  
Since we had groupon 15$ for 30$, it was not expensive, but we would not come here for full price. There are too many great places in Philly that charge similar money but nicer inside and with better service. So, we liked it but we will not come back without a groupon.This place is an absolute gem. Such a charming, quaint, little spot that is true to itself. The service was outstanding. The food was delicious. The culture and atmosphere really took you to another place. We met Z and Amaad (spelling?) who were incredibly nice guys. They offered suggestions and shared their knowledge of the food. Z had very interesting story to tell, but I will leave that for you to ask him about when you get there. :) Overall, such an awesome spot. Cannot believe we just ate here for the first time! Oh and BYOB!On a recent trip to Philly my family and I stopped by Kabul Afghan Cuisine for some comfort food, and we were pleasantly surprised with our overall experience. The food was delicious, both chicken and lamb kabob were flavorful and juicy, and the appetizers met all of our expectations. However, the classic white sauce is on the creamier and thicker side, leaning more towards just yogurt than actual white sauce. We were seated in the restaurant upon entry, and the one employee which I assume would be the son of the owner, was incredible. He was genuinely kind, ensuring everything was made alright and to our liking, constantly checking up on us, and just making us feel welcome (Afghan hospitality at its finest). He even offered us suggestions for sight seeing. Next time I find myself in Philly I will definitely be returning!Restaurant.com brought me to this establishment (since I purchased a $25 gift certificate on the cheap).  I otherwise probably would not have ever tried this restaurant, so in that sense Kabul Restaurant, the Restaurant.com gig totally worked!
This was my first time having Afghan food so I don't profess to have a lot of knowledge in this area.  I thought the food was well seasoned, but like others have mentioned on this site, I think overpriced.  
My entree (lamb & eggplant) came in a bowl along with a huge bed of rice.  I can't say that there was very much lamb (although I thought that it was good), but I wasn't still hungry at the end of the meal so that's good.  Maybe in this day and age of ridiculous portion sizes at restaurants, this is probably a good thing for us.  Still, $15 for that amount of food is a bit much.  On the other hand, maybe there aren't that many Afghan options in the city, and in that case, one might well (happily or unhappily) pay $15 per entree.  
In sum, a decent experience, but I don't know that I'll go back unless the prices are lowered (or I get another gift certificate).You get what you ask for over here. Very close to Authentic and prices are reasonable compared to other places in Philly. Service was great and food was flawless taste wise. Although portions need to be a bit bigger its still better than other places I've tried so far! I ordered the mixed Kabob and my friends ordered chicken and lamb bukhari. Meat was tender and juicy while the fluffy bukhari was light and flavorful. Highly recommended for Afghan/Pak food!Food is out of this world good! We had 3 hot appetizers and 1 cold and the two of us split the Veggie lentil dish with sweet saffron rice. I wish I could eat here everyday. 
The only hang up was that 4 people asked us how the meal was in 10 min. I understand they want us to be happy with the food but that's kind of annoying.This was a good Afghan restaurant. They had the typical decor you see in Afghan places all around the east coast. The food was really good; especially the pumpkin soup with meat. This was one of the best soups I've had before. The only I didn't like about this place was the use of the Brooklyn lantern.My fiancé and I love Kabul!  The rose, orange lamb dish is an explosion of flavours and we order it EVERY time we come.  The apps are delightful followed by a salad.  The yogurt dressing is tangy and fresh!  Yes,  they sell it if you ask.  The table by the front window is the best or the table in the back if you are with a group.  The service is always top notch and the food comes out with perfect timing.  They are a BYOB and don't forget dessert!  Cardamom ice cream with rose!The food, decor, atmosphere, and service was excellent. I ordered one of the lamb dishes and it was awesome.
I would give 5 stars, but it's a little overpriced.My friend (who has never had Afghan food before) and I decided to have dinner at Kabul on a Sunday night. When we walked into the restaurant, we were promptly seated as there were only a few other tables occupied. The ambience is very ethnic, I loved the decorations and the background Afghan music. 
As an Afghan myself, I grew up eating all of the different types of dishes/entrees that were included in the menu so I had an idea of what I wanted to get/what I was craving. For someone who has never had Afghan food before or does not know what to expect (like my friend), it could be overwhelming so we took our time going through the menu since I was answering any questions she had. Our waiter was very informative and patient with my friend. 
For our appetizer, we ordered mantu (steamed dumplings filled with ground beef). I think it was steamed for too long because it fell apart very quickly as we were cutting them into bite size pieces, but nonetheless it was delicious! For our entrees, I ordered the combo kabab plate - chicken and lamb kabab chunks with brown rice and served with roasted veggies. My friend ordered the chicken kabab plate - chicken kabab chunks with white rice and roasted veggies. The brown rice was cooked perfectly (reminded me of my own mother's rice) and the kababs were grilled just the correct amount - they weren't hard as a rock or too chewy. 
The two waiters working that evening were both very friendly and checked up on us throughout our stay. The one waiter who was taking our order was very kind...after finding out that I was Afghan, he gave us Afghan tea and dessert (firnee) on the house, which was so nice of him! 
I have been to quite a few Afghan restaurants and grew up eating Afghan food all of my life so I can confidently say that Kabul is one of the very rare restaurants that serve authentic Afghan food! My friend and I will definitely be back again!Excellently prepared basmati rice, with delicately prepared lamb and condiments. BYOB is a plus.Excellent service but food is not the best Aghani cuisine I've tasted so far. Can work better with spices and loading their rice with more richness. Seemed half-cooked in some kabobs. Aghan iced tea is worth trying though!Love this place. The food is outstanding and the owner and his staff are amazing! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!Kabul is an inexpensive Afghani BYO that has been around for awhile with a very low profile.  This variety of Persian food is interesting and somewhat exotic; a bit like Indian, but not as spicy.  A well made salad (if you can tolerate iceberg lettuce!) with yogurt dressing and Afghan flat bread accompanies all meals. Try the turnover appetizer - a light pastry filled with coriander flavored potatoes and vegetables.  A kebab entree (choices include lamb, chicken, or vegetarian), all served with brown rice, is a good way to sample this kitchen.  Classic pilau rice dishes are all flavorful with seasoning unique but approachable for most palates.  The service is courteous and friendly.  This is a great place to be introduced to Persian food.  Try it.This was the first time my family and i have been here. My mother in law wanted to try it because she spent 6 months in Kabul. The restaurant isn't too large but it has a cute home feel. The decor is authentic afghan decorations and you smell inscents right away. 
We asked to be seated near the window which they put 2 tables together to accommodate us. Our server was an older gentleman who was very nice. 
We ordered the kabuli combination appetizer to start off. It allowed us to choose 4 different appetizers for a set price. We choose appetizer #4,#5,#6,#12 which were all very good. I don't remember the exact names but one was a feta cheese turnover. Another was grape leaves stuffed with meat and rice. Another was a pic pastry stuffed with meat and veggies. The last one was a puff pastry filled with seasoned veggies. 
I asked the server to recommend a traditional dish and he recommended #17. I got it with lamb. I was hesitant because i came with raisins which I'm not too fond of but it was very delicious. My fiance got a lamb and tomato dish with the sweet saffron rice. It was tasty as well. Our daughter got chicken with tomatoes, onions and brown rice. The flavor was savory and tender. 
My fiance got the carrot cake for dessert. It was different but still very good. Our daughter got a dessert that was a flaky pastry sprinkled with sugar, pistachio and cardamom. 
The place is byob and it's mostly street parking in old city. That was a minor issue because there is also a parking lot across the street.  Needless to say we will be back.Always one of my favorites, have been going here for 20yrs now. The food is unlike anything you will find anywhere else and will not disappoint. Start with appetizer sampler. Kadu, a turnover filled w/pumpkin is the best and make sure to also get Sambosa Goushti stuffed with meat and chick pea. I can taste the lamb Kabuli Palaw rite now. It is chucks of stewed lamb in a mound of rice with pistachios, carrots, raisins, almonds with some of the sauce from the lamb on top. Family always love the Lamb Chop Kabobs and Aush which is a veggie soup w/meat a bit of mint and yogurt.
I love this place and have recommended it to so many people thru the years. I have yet to hear anything but positive things. Ask for Walid - a great guy.We got the Groupon deal and we loved Kabul! We went on a Monday night and initially there was no one in the restaurant. We were greeted and seated properly. I ordered the chicken skewers, which were amazing and my husband got a lamb dish. The food was very tasty, we had a great time and have no complaints. For those unhappy with the 20$ minimum charge, c'mon guys, in many places in Center City it is cash only, not a big deal. Just have some cash and keep your expectations realistic and you will enjoy this cuisine!Our food and experience were OK until it was time to pay the bill. The owner gave me a check that listed the items we'd eaten, along with the final bill. I was about to pay it and add a tip, but it seemed high, so I paused to mentally add it up. Sure enough, the total was much higher than the sum. I asked the owner about it and he reluctantly told me there was an automatic 20% tip added. I had no problem with him doing this except that he hadn't noted it on the bill or told me about it when I was obviously confused about the total. Clearly, he was hoping I would add a tip on top of the total -- in other words, a double tip. I have absolutely no doubt this is what he was doing. Be warned.Ummmm, is $19 for a bowl of spinach, a plate of rice and a can of ginger ale the going rate now? We were a party of 4, the people I was with seemed to enjoy their food, me on the other hand will not be paying another $20 for some spinach and rice that tastes like something I could have just thrown in a pot myself with little to no flavor.The Afghani cuisine is so good. So much flavor. The restaurant is very nice inside and great service. Definitely a must see when you come to Philly!After reading reviews about this restaurant that were all over the place, I decided to give Kabul a try to see for myself. The service was great, and food was super yummy (though the portions could have stood to be a big bigger). All I can say is, get the Pumpkin w/ ground beef entree. It was so superb that my boyfriend went up to a table of ladies who were undecided about what to order, and proclaimed they had to try it. It's that good!They have this one dish called Norenge Palaw -- "Skillfully seasoned chucks of lamb under a heap of saffron rice, topped with delicate strips of orange peel soaked in rosewater, pistachios, almonds and cardamon."
It's soooo delectable, I've been searching the San Francisco Bay Area to find anything like it, but in vain. If you can get to Philly, I highly recommend going to Kabul and having the Norenge Palaw.This place is excellent. I will say looking at it the first time I was slightly doubtful however I give everything a chance. This place has great Afghan food, it is spicy but not too spicy so it's perfect for everyone. As seen in the photo below I got #36 which was a lamb shush kebab. It was well cooked and tasted great! The way time was only half an hour so that's great overall. Just give this place a shot trust me, I did and I loved it.Our little group seeks out cuisines with which we are not familiar. After a little research on Yelp we came upon Kabul. While we have enjoyed several other Middle Eastern restaurants we cannot say the same for Kabul. The restaurant is decidedly dark. For some that may constitute atmosphere. The waiter was more than helpful and considerate. As is our custom in new places we did not consult the menu but left our selections to the advice of our server. After all, what did we know about Afghan food. Our one request was that he not pass on any Americanized dishes. He suggested two appetizers and two main courses that were sufficient to share among three. It must be said that the appetizers were quite good. One a fried dumpling with vegetables the other a fried crisp with cheese. (You can't go too far off with fried foods.)
The main courses. one with chicken the other with talapia were less than middlin'. You couldn't get any more uninteresting than the two servings before us. The tomato sauce for the fish seemed like a direct our from a can of DelMonte. The chicken in a sauce with no distinction was very much on the dry side. The servings, quite small, did not merit the price tag. Fortunately when you order two main courses there is a 20% discount - even at that the food did not match the cost. 
I don't know what others see in this restaurant but we found little of any interest or value.I was very excited to try Afghan food for the first time, but left after my dinner Saturday night feeling more than a bit disappointed. 
My chief complaint was that the prices of the entrees in no way matched what my friend and I were served. 
The entree dishes themselves were very good. I ordered the Bandenjan-e-Murgh (chicken and eggplant cooked in a sauce of tomatoes, onions, etc.) and my friend ordered the Norenge Palaw (chicken under saffron rice with rose water, flavored orange peel strips, almonds, pistachios, and cardamom), which she found overly sweet, but to be fair, she was warned by the waiter. I finished my entire bowl of Bandenjan-e-Murgh, plus a full plate of saffron rice, and was still hungry. 
That was on top of the clearly out-of-the-bag iceberg lettuce salad and the two small squares of chewy underwhelming flat-bread that were served along with the entrees. 
$17 for a sad little salad, sliver of bread and an entree (with rice!) that left me, a short petite woman, still hungry? 
The atmosphere was pleasant enough and the service was average. Kabul is a BYO so you are saving a few bucks there, but that doesn't make up for the other deficiencies. 
And there is a $20 minimum for credit cards.If you prefer eating pumpkin in dimly lit places with funny little placards in the bathroom, then Kabul's the joint for you!  
We had a groupon & girls night out planned, so Kabul fit the bill.  Literally, the bill was quite reasonable.  We had fun sharing the appetizer sampler, which you get to customize, so that was nice.  Pretty much everything we ordered that had the word pumpkin in it was delicious.
The room was so dark that it almost made me nervous though, like what exactly are you trying to hide, hmmm???  But a trip downstairs to the bathroom restored my good humor.  SO much so that I had to upload a photo.
The prevailing gripe is that the entrees are on the small side, really, served on the side in a lttle bowl with a dinner plate of rice.  But it was more than enough for us.  Ask for extra meat for $2 if you're a big eater.
They have a fun floor eating spot than could be fun if it didn't look so darn uncomfortable to us lazybones.  All told, it's a good night out without breaking the bank.Food was ok. We had #17 with lamb, seeing that it seemed popular among Yelp reviewers. It was essentially an Afghan rice pilaf cooked with some almonds and raisins with a few small pieces of stewed lamb. I would've liked the dish more if it was not so dry. I also wished that there was more flavor to the rice. 
Tip--this place is BYOB. There is also a 20% coupon on their website. I didn't see that until the day after.I came here after buying the groupon deal. It was my first time checking out Afgan food and overall, I thought it was an okay experience. My general impression of the place is... it tries too hard. 
To explain, let's start with the menu. The menu is quite lengthy and gives the impression of a great number of dishes and wide selection. However, it seems like it's basically the same type of food with slight modifications listed, one after another. *Okay, here I must 'fess up and say, I haven't tried all the dishes and am not a connoisseur of Afgan food so I may be wrong* but I say this because (perhaps out of ignorance) an entire section of the menu with 4 or 5 different dishes would be dedicated to your choice of chicken or lamb with a) white rice, b) saffron rice, c) brown rice -- basically listing these possible choices. 
The dish I ordered was actually really good, but I think the portion was a bit on the smaller side. Oh also, I'm not a huge fan of lamb because of the smell/aftertaste but they cook it with spices in a way that engulfs all the pieces that keep me from ordering lamb. As for the service, I thought they were courteous, but a little awkward at the same time...
Oh, and it really annoyed me that they have a $20 minimum on credit card purchases. Ironically, on the door of their storefront, they plastered stickers of different credit cards as if to announce that they accept all kinds of credit cards; but, in reality, they have a minimum purchase. lol.They have some good flavors here - the pumpkin with meat sauce, norenge palaw, kabuli palaw - and the saffron rice is sweet and fragrant. Good for when your BYOB-loving group of friends wants to try something a little different, and the 20% discount coupon on their website helps offset the price.  
However, most of the time you feel like you're eating a big plate of rice. As much as I tried to stretch out my pumpkin pieces I was still left with half my rice by the time the pumpkin was gone. And then there was nothing to dip the stale flatbread in either. Doesn't make me excited about coming back.I went here with a GroupOn after having tried Afghan food in Boston and really liked it. This place was good, but not as good.Went there last night with my girlfriend for dinner and was not very impressed. The salad was decent but the main course was not up to pair. As many people said they don't give you much meat at all. The rice was ok but most of my plate was cold. The only good thing about it was being BYOBI always wanted to try Afghani cuisine. So stopped by here one weekend afternoon, after a movie in Ritz. I ordered the Sambusa and Kabuli Palaw. Sambusa was really good. Its like Samosa but better. 
The worst part for me is Kabuli Palaw. It was very dry and I had to get Dal to compensate the dryness. And it is really expensive.
I would maybe stop by again for Sambusa. 2.5 starsI love this place! I've been coming for years and the food is consistently terrific!  Everything is made fresh, and, the service is always spot on. The surroundings are a little dated but it lends itself to the Middle Eastern feel,Disappointed. Got a $25 gift certificate for this place. Our bill was way higher then expected. Even with the certificate we paid $40 dollars instead of $20 for our meal(2 entrees and 1 appetizer).
The server was very slow and not attentive. We were not asked how was everything not even once. Had to wait to place our order for 20 min, and then another 20 to get the check after it was requested. The same song was playing over and over again which became very annoying after 1 hour. The server did not ask us about preferred rice options, no extra meat was added to the sauce even though we paid for it; the portions were small for the price, a lot of rice, not much meat. The food is good, not great, not worth it, one can find similar much better and cheaper middle eastern  options in Philadelphia. Overall very disappointed, will not recommend and will not be back.The food was great and the service was good, too. The restaurant is a small place and dimly lit, which I had not problem with.
The food isn't expensive but its not cheap either. It was cooked great and tasted delicious.
Also, its BYOB so come prepared and plan ahead. Since I was visiting, I didn't know that the liquor & wine stores close early on Sundays =/
Oh well, next time.
I would recommend this restaurant if you like afghan food or something similar (Persian, Indian, etc)Have eaten here a few times and each time is consistently good. The lamb dish is one of the best prepared lamb dishes I have had. The owner is very warm and friendly. Most don't think it Afghan good as a destination but try it instead of the typical Indian or Thai and you will be pleasantly surprised.I absolutely lived this place! We were first timers, taking advantage of a spontaneous Groupon purchase. It's in Old City area, very close to the waterfront. It's a small, hole-in-the-wall sort of joint, which is my favorite. It had a small intimate atmosphere with lots of authentic Afghan artifacts and such in the walls to look at, as well as traditional music in the back ground. We had the Aushak appetizer and it was phenomenal. I had the Norenge Palaw and I absolutely loved it. The flavors were unique but harmonious. The lamb was very tender and everything was seasoned well. Everything, sauces and all, are made in house and you can taste the authenticity. All in all, I will definitely be returning to Kabul and highly recommend it to any and all adventurous foodies who appreciate good ethnic food.This place is pretty overpriced and drab. There are several great eats within two storefronts and I don't see myself every coming back.
If you are hungry and in carnivore mood, get ready for a zen garden experience minus the zen. Mounds and mounds of rice with little scraps of meat. Not fun. 
The grape leaves were delicious but do people really spend $8 on an appetizer of just leaves? I don't get it. 
Everything did taste good but just not worth it at all. Rice for days.want to know a secret about kabul? go to their website and poke around... those of you that are moaning and groaning about the price will find something very helpful. :)Romantic BYO Adventure
For those of you who haven't tried Afghan food, don't be afraid - it's delicious!  I have been to Kabul many times over the last few years and have never once been disappointed.  The location is fantastic if you want to bar-hop, check out a nice view or grab a drink nearby before or after dinner.  
This dimly lit restaurant is adorned with brightly colored Afghan decor and makes you feel as if you've left the Philadelphia city streets and entered a secret romantic spot to rendezvous.  There's unique items including piercing artwork and bright clothing adorning the walls for you to look at.  You can sit at a table, or in a special area with pillows on the floor.  
As I mentioned, I've never been disappointed by the food at Kabul, and I've tried many things.  My must-have's are the Buranee Kadu (pumpkin with meat sauce & yogurt) & Dal (yellow lentils with onions & spices).  Then I always like to choose one lamb and one chicken dish and split everything with someone else.  Some of my staples are Korma-E-Murgh (chicken with tomatoes, onion, garlic and afghan spices) or Korma-E-Grossfant (lamb with tomatoes, onion, garlic and afghan spices), Bandenjan Chalaw (lamb & eggplant with tomatoes, onions and spices), and Dal-E-Murgh (chicken with lentils, onions, garlic & spices).  You can choose white, saffron or brown rice to acompany your meal.  I've tried the saffron and white, and although I typically always gravitate toward saffron, here, I now always choose white.  It's cooked perfectly and a delicious side!  
My favorite appetizer is the Sambosa Goushti (fried pastry with ground beef, chickpeas & spices - amazing coriander sauce).  I would recommend getting 2-3 appetizers your first time though because there are so many good ones!  The sauces really make them special, so don't forget to dip or drizzle!   The salad is so good!  Again, the dressing is what makes it with some combination of mint and maybe lemon.  I like to save some of the salad until the food comes, which is a very tough feat because it's so good, and then sprinkle some white rice on it.  It may sound weird, but it's worth a try.  
I've never saved enough room for dessert, but they have things like baklava, carrot cake, Afghan puddings & ice cream to add a sweet ending to a fabulous feast.  
It's a cool spot, with interesting decor and delicious food.  It's definitely worth checking out!Great ambiance, service and above all food! The best afghani food I've ever had :) My mom and I had number 17 kabuli pulaw with chicken, my cousin ordered number 54 and my husband ordered 19 with lamb. All these dishes were cooked to perfection! The meat and chicken was so tender. I really like the mint yogurt they put on the side salad. The decor was beautiful, very ethnic. Can't wait to go back!Mid week visit to this restaurant with friends was a surprise.  The food was good, but the attitude of the owner/waiter was totally off Standish..............at first.   He warmed up to us towards the end of the meal.  
The fried variety of appetizers was a pleasant dish with yogurt and coriander dips.  My husband had Norenge Palaw ... $17.00   Deliciately seasoned chunks of lamb  under a heap of saffron rice, garnished with rose water, flavored orange peel strips, almonds, pistachios, and cardamom  This was a sweet dish and everyone liked this....
My friend had      Chef's Aushak ...  Scallion filled steamed dumplings topped with garlic yogurt and ground beef sauce sprinkled with mint and paprika .....this was not what we expected, but it was also good.
Her husband had..... a meatball dish.............this was not very good-pass on it.
The only thing that was really weird was the bread that was served.....it was not good and it looked like something that would be served at an Italian restaurant.  We couldn't figure it out.
With all the other restaurants in the area it will be a while until we come back here, but I do recommend this place.
There is only one section in the back of the restaurant that is partitioned off so that you can experience the Kasbah  sit down family feel.This place is a pleasant surprise. I got a groupon and decided to check this place out. The waiter was so sweet and happy to hear that we would be using a groupon.. Btw they don't have a "special" menu which you can order off of when you use your groupon like many other places do. 
We started with a few apps, dolma, which were delicious and very flavorful.. Bolani kadu, savory pumpkin turnovers...OMG, so good.. Aushak, manti.. Dumplings topped with yogurt and meat. Very tasty.. 
Main course was the infamous Kabula Pulao.. Rice, lamb, pistachios, carrots, raisins and almonds. So much flavor, health amount of lamb and perfectly seasoned. 
Lamb qorma; very flavorful, hint of heat, tender lamb - no bones at all, great amount of meat. 
The decor is cute and cozy, the menu has a really nice variety, waiter was nice, they honored my groupon (again some places are weird about groupon - my experience) 
This place will definitely be my new regular spot for a nice dinner :)My mom always wanted to try this place out so we finally made reservations after about a year. Definitely bring your appetite as the food is very filling probably due to the large portions of rice they give.  The place is byob so this helps a lot as you can bring your favorite alcoholic choice. The service was very good and even let my daughter switch from her saffron rice to brown rice because crazy as it sounds she didn't like the saffron rice.  I personally thought the saffron rice was very good especially when you mixed lamb and their hot sauce with it. Great service, very good food and traditional middle eastern  atmosphere. Will be back again.meh.
My visit was fine, but I wasn't impressed. The server was very kind and always on top of water refills. I ordered saffron rice and a lamb dish, but was presented with white rice and a chicken dish. I was ok with the rice, but sent my chicken back for lamb; I want the animal that I asked for. The problem was fixed without any fuss and in record time. No Problem. My entree (Lamb and eggplant in a onion-tomato sauce) was enjoyable, but nothing amazing. The lamb itself was super tender and very flavorful. There just wasn't enough flavor overall to me--in hindsight, I probably should have asked for it to be spicy. The Afghani bread that accompanies the meal was tasty as well (kind of buttery, kind of sweet, a little dense, great for sopping up extra sauce).
Apps: Grape leaves with red pepper sauce and Aushak (dumplings filled with scallions and smothered with some kind of yogurt sauce). The grape leaves were good, quite acidic, but otherwise they were what one would expect. The dumplings were forgettable, there was literally no flavor...at all. Really weird because they look like they have a lot going on. 
Turkish coffee...blurgh! Not my thing, but I won't knock them for it. It's just not my taste.
I had a coupon from restaurants.com..paid $3.50 for $25. The bill came to $30.00 including tax a gratuity. I was OK with this, but I don't think I would eat here at regular price. If I did, I would only order entrees.Yum! So good! Portion could have been a tad bit bigger for a $16 entree. Loved the lamb and spinach!Great BYOB with reasonable prices for old city.
All the turnovers and pastry appetizers are great.  Get the combo if its your first time.  For entrees, I recommend the chef's aushak or any lamb dish.  The sheer-e-yakh is a pretty basic ice cream dessert, but with interesting afghan spices that really makes it delicious.
The owner is very attentive and courteous as well.This has been one of my " go to " places for more than 10 years. I use to live Old City and loved the food and atmosphere. The owner is great and has a good memory for regulars. Good vegetarian selections too. Prices are very good especially considering the overpriced restaurants in the area. I am getting hungry thinking about Kabul - might go tonight.Really good food: nicely spiced and leaves you enjoying the flavors for hours afterward.  (This is a good thing in my book!)  Recommend the appetizers and lamb with saffron rice and orange peel.Food is not bad, but 
Expensive for portion size.
Worth it at third-price.
2.5 starsIf it was an option, I'd give this 4.5 stars. 
We've been going here for years, and the food here is consistently great. Everything is made from scratch, on the premises, and it shows. The lamb is tender and tasty, the saffron rice is perfectly (and sweetly) seasoned. Lots of vegetarian friendly options, and spiciness can be customized to order. Portions are good-sized and I don't think anything on the menu is over $18.
The decor is refreshingly old-school: Textiles, photos and other art from the mother country. 
Service is efficient and not chatty but they are truly dedicated to making sure you are happy with your experience. 
Best item to get is the Kabul appetizer combo: You can mix and match any four of their appetizers. Having cycled through them all at this point, you cannot go wrong ordering any of them -- but the meat- and veggie-filled fried turnovers (several varieties) are out of this world. 
This is a solid place to keep in your dining rotation.My husband and I were starving on Christmas night. Not many places were open, but we saw this place, it was packed and had great reviews, so we decided to try it. We placed an order "to go" and were offered a seat at a corner table to wait. 
30 minutes later, we were still waiting. When we made eye contact with the pleasant woman at the front, she told us that one of the staff had called out unexpectedly, so they were experiencing some slowness. This kind of information would have been helpful to know before we placed our order, but unfortunately, it took 30 minutes to find out. Then she disappeared from the front.
20 minutes after that, we went back to ask what the deal was, and the guy at the front apologized for the wait and said "the chef called out unexpectedly, so we are very sorry for the long wait, but your food is coming in about 5 minutes". I don't know about you, but hearing that the chef is out makes me wonder just what I am going to be eating. But, the restaurant was full of patrons who seemed to be enjoying their meals, and we had already waited 50 minutes, so we decided to give it 15 more and if the food didn't show up in that time, we'd just go to Domino's or something.
Well, 65 minutes after we placed our order, the food finally arrived, accompanied by profuse apologies. We were too tired and hungry to care. It smelled delicious and we couldn't wait to try it. We got home 10 minutes later and were incredibly disappointed to find that: the soup container was half empty, the rice with kidney bean dish was 4/5 rice and 1/5 kidney beans, and the "salad" was a handful of leaves tossed with some dressing. At least the sambosas were a reasonable portion. 
The food was delicious (which makes me wonder what happens on days when the regular chef is in) but after such a long wait, the portions were incredibly disappointing and just not worth it. If there's some kind of staff issue at the restaurant, let patrons know up front what to expect. Sure, some people will leave, but they'll appreciate your honesty and try again another time.My sister and I came here for our annual quirky Thanksgiving meal. The service was great, the atmosphere was very nice and the food was delicious.After seeing a deal on BuyWithMe, we decided to try Afghan cuisine and loved it!
-Bulanee Kachaloo (turnover stuffed with spiced mashed potatoes and chopped onions) and Bulanee Kadu (turnovers stuffed with spiced pumpkin and onions) were both tasty, but we loved the sweet pumpkin Kadu more than the Kachaloo which just tasted like seasoned mashed potatoes. 
-Kabuli Chalaw (chicken under white rice, garnished with carrot strips, raisins, almonds, and pistachios) doesn't have a large portion of meat, but you can order extra meat for $2.  The chicken was a little dry, but had a rich flavor without being heavy.
Entrees come with a salad that is a little too generously doused in something like ranch - I'd request the dressing on the side.
You can save 20% off your meal with this coupon after buying 2 entrees: http://www.kabulafghancuisine.com/coupon.htmlthe atmosphere is nice and the afghani music was a nice touch, but all in all, i was very underwhelmed by Kabul. I had a groupon, thank god, because paying double for what we got would have been painful. 
We got a sampler of apps, some called something like a samosa, but it was skimpy and not yummy like its Indian counterpart. 
The portions are VERY small. the piece of bread that came with one of our meals was literally about the size of 3 postage stamps. Salads were included in our meals, but its just iceberg lettuce with ranch.
we got chicken meatballs, but only 4 and they were not very big. the sauce was good, but again, none of it to write home about. It was all very unremarkable, that's not true, we did remark- "this is like Indian food, but not nearly as good". 
our server was very nice, and they are definitely hurting for business because there was only one other table with patrons. i dont enjoy writing a non-praising review, but that is what yelp is for...total honesty.I went to Kabul on a double date. I got the Bandenjan-E-Murgh and my boyfriend got the Korma-E-Murgh. On the side was a salad with way too much Ranch dressing and some bread that tasted pretty stale. Could have gone without those two, but the entrees definitely made up for it. Both chicken dishes came with a plate of either white, brown, or saffron rice. We opted for brown rice, which was very flavorful. The chicken was very tender and the sauces were flavorful and complimented the rice well.Might want to make reservations.
I wasn't impressed.  The sweet saffron rice tasted like candy... and not in a good way.  They do have some pretty interesting entree choices but I probably won't be going back.  So sad.I came here with a LivingSocial deal: Paid $12 and it was worth $24, could be used Sunday-Thursday.
I came on a Sunday and it wasn't that busy. The lighting was kind of dark and the AC wasn't strong enough, I could still feel my sweat on my face from walking here..but customer service was good. 
They gave us all a salad with a white sauce -- pretty creamy, but really good. I ordered the Kabab-E-Gossfant ($18) -- chunks of lamb was marinated in spicy Afghan sauce, broiled with vegetable skewers, served with brown rice. I love that the lamb was flavorful, cooked well, and didn't taste gamey. I liked the spices on the vegetables but I think it might not have been evenly distributed so some pieces were a bit too much for me. The brown rice was surprisingly good...I normally don't care for rice, period. I even ate this as leftovers the next day and it was still good. Some of my friends' dishes also came with a bread stick kind of thing...it was a bit plain by itself so we requested more of the white sauce to dip it in.
Decided to try something new to me for dessert -- Gosh-E-Feal ($5). It came out as a thin, fried pastry that had ground pistachios, cardamon, and sugar on top. Tasted like a fancy funnel cake, but more delicious. It's also pretty big and great to share with the group. My friend got the baklava, but like the menu describes "syrup-drenched" -- it was some really red syrup and I wasn't a fan...if it was a plain kind of syrup I probably would have liked it more.Came here as a group with friends. The food was quite good. The staff here was amazing, they catered to our every request. The atmosphere is casual. We plan to be back soon.Stumbled upon this place and was drawn by the very high food rating by Zagat. I had the sambosa goushti to start which was excellent follow by the korma-e-gossfant which I found to be very flavorful but a little small on the size. All in all the food was quite good and it's really the decor which brings it down a star. In the future I will come here for takeout rather than eat in.