Not even a one star. Soup was too salty and They charge me 20% tip without disclosure. Lady got emotional and was arguing they should charge 20% for group. Hilarious!grabbed some takeout from here. we eat a lot so we ordered a variety of rolls. everything is pretty fairly priced and the people were super nice. glad that we tried this place-we now have a takeout go-to (especially now that jay's sushi in center city closed).It's a nice little cozy place. It can get a little loud but I did like the food a lot. This is only my second time at a sushi restaurant but I love how the waiters seem nice . As I was leaving I did see a line out the door so it must be a fantastic place to eat .Woahhhh. Got the lunch special -3 rolls for about $11. AMAZING. great selection, fast friendly service. Delicious fish. A+Sooooo good never fail to be disappointed. They have such a good menu selection and they're service is great! My new go to sushi spot.Decent sushi place. Definitely recommend the fantasy roll and seaweed salad. Have a lot of different roll options and combination platters.Quiet location, came here with a group of friends and had great service.  Food was delicious and not too expensive!Had a little issue wit communication the second time ordering but was very happy with managements handling and assurance of the situation, quick delivery very affordable pricing and quality sushi will be my go to place from now onThree and half stars! Would order from here again. Placed the order at 7:40 and it was biked over at 8:15. Fab. Especially since I live like a 15 minute bike ride away. 
Sweet potato roll and shrimp tempura roll and yellowtail roll were all delish.I ordered takeout from here. I had a baby lobster roll, spicy tuna roll, and some nigiris. The price and portion was reasonable. The reason I rated this place 2 stars is because there were scales in my spicy tuna roll....umh... Why???? My first piece i felt something hard and i automatically knew it was scales so i spat it out. I tried 2 more pieces there were scales in there too. By now I'm m convinced the other pieces had scales too. Of course i didnt eat the rest of the rolls.  I dont know if the whole meal was unsatisfying or maybe the scales in the spicy tuna roll just turned me off. Dont know if I'll return but if i do i hopefully next time the chef will thouroughly clean the fish and leave out the scales.The sushi was ok. The prices were way too high for the quality. 1 adult and 1 toddler ate lunch for 40 dollars plus tip and we didn't order anything extravagant - hand roll, salmon sushi, maki rolls. I had a spider roll too and it had no flavor which was disappointing.Love this place. The sushi rice is perfect - and that really can make or break good sushi.Have only been here twice, but I just recently moved to the area. Was looking for a go-to sushi place, and I've definitely found that here. First time I was here, my friends and I were the only people in the whole place, which worried me, but all for not! Sushi was amazing, I don't see myself even trying another place. It's clean and not overcrowded. Have had 10+ different rolls from here, all amazing and fresh! The water doesn't taste like pond like most sushi places and I couldn't stop talking about how comfortable my chair was hahahaha. Have yet to try their bubble tea, I get that in China Town because I always forget it's offered here.Fresh and great tasting fish in Center City! The Sushi Roll Lunch Special cannot be beat and it's what brings me back again and  again. For $10.95, you get a choice of 3 standard rolls with a side of either miso soup or salad with ginger dressing (my fave)! 
The staff is friendly and speedy. Definitely worth a lunch time trip for either dine-in or take-out!
One suggestion: frequent customer punch card for people like me who would like to feel less guilty about frequent trips because I'm working towards that something free!Really a hole in the wall but a great find!! Several homeless people roaming around the area but this may be common for Philly....once inside the decor and ambiance is nice.  The sushi is fantastic for the price!! The waitress got our order wrong a few times but all is forgiven because the sushi was pretty good.  And for the price....you can't beat it!They lose three stars because they add a lot of water AND sugar to their "soy sauce".  What a cheap trick!  I ordered octopus, and it was not fresh.  Their agedashi tofu was incredibly bad and two other rolls I ordered were not fresh and lacking in flavor.  Honestly, I have been eating sushi since 1984 and this place was the worst I have ever had. (apart from Trader Joe's "sushi", but that's another story)
Anyhow, I just keep going back to eat at Aki. They never disappoint.The location is deceiving and not indicative of the quality of food at this restaurant.  I order the Godzilla and seafood dumplings (not actual name), and both were good.  Not you higher end quality sushi but good for the price.  I recommend going during the day as it's not in a good location.  Just my opinion as I'm not from a city as populated as Philly.  
Service was good, nothing to brag about or complain.  I ordered they brought it out correctly, minimal but respectful engagement from the staff.  
I would visit again if I'm back in philly on this side of town.My number one delivery spot. Kabuki is consistently fast, fresh, and delicious. The prices are great for what you get!I have been here for lunch and dinner both dine-in and delivery, that's how much I like this place!
They have an awesome lunch roll special, which is fantastic dining in or for delivery. We frequently will stop in on a whim for dinner since it's on our way home. We have been happy with the quality of the fish and will keep returning for more.Pretty decent place to get sushi in the neighborhood. Their regular rolls are good: spicy tuna, sweet potato, and their avocado and peanut rolls.  If you find yourself here, try their Godzilla and Crazy Friday roll. I've tried some of their appetizers as well--their vegetable tempura and calamari was just okay. I'm a little curious about their sushi pizza appetizer. Will try that next time I'm in.
It's a very small place so sometimes I'm shocked at how long it takes to get our food. They are also BYOB, which is a plus. Overall, there's not much to complain about this place. They have decent prices and decent food.Solid sushi. The dining room is a little small, but the fish is fresh with good roll combinations, the portions are good, and the price is reasonable.
We ordered the treasure boat for the table and then individual rolls (4 people) which worked out really well. The boat had a great selection and the rolls that come with it were tasty as well. 
Marriott roll was my favorite by far, followed by the mango dragon. All of the ingredients were very fresh and you could taste them in the rolls, as opposed to something singularly overpowering and everything else being filler. Tempura batter was also well done on the rolls with fried shrimp. 
Fried ice cream was excellent as well, will definitely get that again.
Overall, the rolls were well crafted and everything was fresh. I would come back.My coworkers and I get delivery from here pretty often. Everything is super fresh and you can't beat the lunch roll special - 3 rolls with miso soup or salad for $10.95. The amount is very filling so I usually have some left overI don't want to point fingers, but I had a severe stomachache after having some sushi here. I ordered the sushi lunch special (6pcs nigiri and 6pcs cali roll). The nigiri was fine, nothing outstanding, nothing terrible. The cali rolls were a bit too much cucumber vs avocado vs crab meat, to me.
I ordered to-go, and they were just incredibly swamped (came from a convention across the street).Delicious sushi,reasonable prices and excellent service. I highly recommend!  I came here for lunch on a Saturday and they have lunch specials. Get the sashimi.My friend works in the area and we eat here every time we get together for lunch.  We have found no reason to go elsewhere.  A big plus is that YELP usually offers a 10% discount.I loved sashimi appetizer, really fresh. You don't miss fried rice, it was very GOOD!!!Well, I thought my sushi place back home made the most delicious sushi. I was wrong. The sweet potato roll is to die for. The spicy salmon roll was amazing! Everything was so fresh! The prices were affordable and the service was kind. I noticed that many patrons were comfortable eating here alone and I think that's wonderful. The inside is rather small and casual so it's great for an individual who wants to sit down for a quick meal! It's also great for take out.A small but nice place for one or couples. Very close to City Hall. Bubble tea is highly recommended. I also ordered salmon bento box with California rolls, shaomai and salad in it. Enough for me and price is reasonable. As I remember the coconut bubble tea cost me $3.5 and salmon bento box less than $10.The sushi here is really delicious! I had the Alaska roll which had just the right balance of celery, salmon and avocado and the Best of the Best roll which was filled with lobster salad and cucumber and topped with seared salmon, spicy mayo and masago. It was slightly spicy and the salmon was really fresh! I also had the seaweed salad which came on top of cut celery- so my fav!!! I really like this place and want to go back. The staff is super friendly.This is a great place for sushi. Especially with all their choices. The servers are nice and attend to your needs. Worth the money for lunch special sushi. 18 rolls for only 10 dollars!!This was a half a block from the Marriott where I was staying, it's a small neat place.  I opted for take out which I ordered online. I had a bento box which was well prepared and nicely presented in a takeout container.  The staff was very nice and attentive.   Great choice if you are staying near the convention center.This place was so delicious, the food was fresh and definitely made to order. I ordered it online and it said 45 to 60 minutes. Our food was at our hotel door within 25 minutes. My only compliant is I requested two sets of chopsticks, received one so we had to take turns. Lol. It would be nice if the menu had detailed description for all of the sushi.Decided to grab some sushi in Philly and chose to go to Kabukiza Sushi, conveniently located near my hotel. Of course I had to try the signature of the city, the Philidelphia Roll, and grabbed one of the chefs specials, the Marriott Roll. Service was great, and pretty fast, and the sushi was delicately prepared and extremely delicious. Very fresh tasting and perfectly proportioned. Left feeling very satisfied and will surely return if I'm in Philly again. Price was decent, ate for under $20 and it was worth it.A short walk from the Loews Hotel. Huge selection of sushi at great prices. I ordered the Philadelphia roll and avocado/cucumber roll. They were delicious. The salmon was really fresh and thick. You get a lot of sushi for the price. The service was great, too. Definitely glad we stopped by for a nice, quiet meal on a rainy night.Terrific sushi and service! My colleague and I are in town for a conference and ate lunch here today. The whole place was packed (about 15 tables), and the restaurant's one server was ON POINT. We never once felt neglected, despite the crowd, and the sushi was great! We were on an abbreviated timetable, and she got us in and out in less than 25 minutes. Would totally go back.Fresh, good, not fishy smelling. The fried roll was awesome, maybe a little too much sauce. The other rolls were great also.  There was a couple at the next table who got a great presentation for their sushi - complete with light up sushi rolls and wine glasses.  Maybe you have to look like a couple to get that. Regardless I will totally come back here again!Nice low key atmosphere.  Only went for boba tea, which we enjoyed.  We'll have to try the sushi next time. The yelp pics look great!Good value, friendly and on-point service, and very fresh. Most surprising though was the tea, nice floral undertone that hit the spot on a cold day.We ordered from Kabuki tonight for dinner and we are satisfied customers!  We picked up our order and scarfed  down a kabuki roll, spider roll, charasi and two miso soups. We were very impressed!  Would highly recommend pick up or delivery from this spot! Everything was fresh and so tasty!  Mind you we live in east falls and made quite the trek to try Kabuki and we will be returning!!This is a great place for a quick jaunt if you are in the convention center, tired of convention food, and don't want to deal with the lunch crowds in Reading Terminal Market.
This is the kind of place you go to when you want some rolls for lunch and are already in the vicinity.  It is not a place you go out of your way for or go to for dinner when you have a sushi hankering.  It is clean, efficient, and the rolls are decent enough.  It is not great sushi, it will not blow you away, but nor is there anything wrong with it.  The prices are very reasonable, the sushi is on the smaller side.Came here to grab lunch. The place was empty which I did not take as a good sign. The sushi was just blah which really sucked because I was in the mood for it. First of all the selection isn't that great as in they don't have any really cool rolls. The rolls were smallish but the real thing that bothered me was that the fish inside the roll was a little dull looking. It felt like I was eating the leftovers which is what I really don't want at a sushi place. This place seems to have good reviews on yelp so maybe this is a one off but I will not be returning.There weren't many people when I wandered into this relatively new establishment. I was in Philly for work and decided to stop in. 
I was in Tokyo, Japan in December, which spoiled me on sushi, so it's been much harder to appreciate sushi in the U.S.
The place is relatively small, but probably suitable to the Chinatown / Convention Center neighborhoods. Wandered over after checking Foursquare and Yelp! for info on sushi places near my hotel. There's a small sushi bar area, and several tables. I took a table and was presented with a menu, the usual - water. 
I was very surprised to see they actually had two "chef's choice" "Omakase" options, so I took one and was not disappointed. For the price I got a variety of sashimi (thinly sliced fresh raw fish) and nagiri (the style of sushi typically of two pieces draped over a clump of rice). 
All of it was fresh and delicious. 
ありがとう, Kabukiza.Excellent sushi, excellent service -- staff apologized for making us wait 12 minutes on a busy Saturday night, which was not a long wait at all!Great sushi and so convenient! Staying around the corner and got a bite to eat.
Menu has a good selection but not overwhelming.Highly recommend the mango dragon roll. The sushi and sashimi were great. Nice staff, and the place is small and plates are well presented.Open at odd hours when other sushi places are not.  Over zealous staff to take your orders and par presentation.  
Decent sushi, an alternative to Mixx.  A - ok is all i can really say.Really disappointing experience at a $20 bento box which worth less than $5 ... Without mentioning that the food came an hour later ...
My friend has a salad that has freezing tomato, cabbage with ice. we also had California rolls that are worse than Panda Express. 
Not sure where these 5 star reviews are coming from. maybe I am having a bad day or they are having one.Love kabuki! Every time I'm in the area my boyfriend and I have to go. It's a nice place with great food. Very good deals for the lunch special. My boyfriend and I usually just split one lunch special(3 rolls and salad) and I get an extra side of fried rice. Thinking about it now makes me really hungry. Great place.Had it delivered to our hotel. They showed up early but the food was mediocre. The sushi was packaged with an ineffective piece of cardboard separating it from the hot soups so the $60 of sushi was seriously warm when I opened the bag. Fortunately had a fridge. 2 out of the 3 trays were still luke warm 10min later. Called the restaurant (before eating any, at 5min into the fridge) and they said to try it and let them know how it tasted?! Sushi shouldn't get hot unless it was made to be that way. Warming it up is going to affect the taste. They seemed willing to do something if I called back again but I repeatedly said that I had just paid for a big order (over $100) and the sushi arrived hot. I'm sorry, that's not acceptable. They should have just offered to bring us new sushi and I would have gladly given them back the 3 previous trays. Also, fyi, the tempura batter is the heaviest and some of the worst I have ever tasted. figured this review would be more effective in making my point than having them send over more sushi.The food was great! The waiters were very friendly, and the food calme in less than 15 minutes. I definitely recommend this place.You people are jokers with your 4 and 5 star reviews!  This is below-average sushi, even by Philadelphia standards.  The 4 rolls we ordered ranged from bland and flavorless to downright disgusting.   WTF?Really dislike this Sushi.
Poorly made. Barely had fish, instead, had a bunch of gooey thing inside with a tiny piece of fish.
Tasteless, which is a sham.Fantastic place to get quick and tasty sushi if you're staying in convention center nearby hotels. I get their 18-piece sashimi sampler quite a bit. As a health conscious person, I love that they've a sushi that is wrapped in cucumber and no rice. Would range five stars if they were more consistent with fatty Tuna sashimi aka carte as it sometimes gets cooked. It's a little hard to find cos it is on a side street with not a lot of foot traffic.Decent sushi for a good price...restaurant is a little cramped and rundown, but quiet and the staff is very friendly.Oh my goodness!! Had the black dragon roll and was heavenly delicious, couldn't stop, it's a must have, the place is tiny so be prepared if you feel claustrophobia hehe the tea was not super good but it was niCame back today with friends and family. They all love this place, price and of course the food! We had sushi lunch, chicken teriyaki bento and beef hibachi! It was all excellent!This is my favorite Sushi place ever! Always polite, food is always fresh. I love this place. They have great lunch specials, however, even if you don't order on the lunch menu they still have excellent prices. Nice quaint place(not too small, not too big) i never eat in since i Work close but i am there quite often. Also, there is a 10% discount if you use cash that's awesome as well!This place has good sushi for a better price. Limited seating, but I've called ahead and made a reservation for 12. They also serve bubble tea which is my favorite nonalcoholic beverage.I just had lunch here and everything was fantastic! The staff were friendly, service was quick, everything was clean, and most importantly of all the food was delicious! Their miso soup was really great and all of the sushi rolls I ordered were very tasty. I think the spicy tuna roll was my favorite and I will definitely be coming here again the next time I'm in the area.I don't remember the name of my favorite Sushi Roll. I'll let you know when I'm there tonight.My to go sushi spot in Philadelphia. Staffs are friendly, place is cozy, and the food is fresh and delicious!! Better than those other sushi place near Philadelphia ChinatownThis place is fantastic! The service is both friendly and fast. Most importantly the fish is extremely fresh. Try the Thai or lychee teas! Great place for the family!It's very clean comfortable cozy restaurant. Well decorated and well maintained. Even better very talented people running it and working. Food was excellent, service was perfect. Can't go wrong.Kabuki gets points for being on grubhub with a $1 delivery charge, but the quality of the food is definitely NOT worthy of it's current 4.5 yelp star average. Seriously, what the hell??
I got a spicy tuna roll & a New York roll.  The fish in each roll was minced (even the tuna that topped the New York roll), not a whole chunk or slice. The spicy tuna & avocado tartar was alright but it was the same minced tuna that was in the rolls.  Everything had a bit too much spicy mayo. Minced fish mixed with spicy mayo both in & on top of a roll suggests that they're trying to mask poorly cut or not so great quality fish. 
My food tasted ever so slightly fishy. I woke up hours later with some GI issues. I don't know how this below average sushi joint has so many great reviews.We were in town for a dance convention and my daughter loves sushi.  Our order was delivered fast and everything was delicious!!  Sushi was fresh and tasty!  Highly recommend.Always order take out or delivery from this place cuz it's close to my working place. Pretty convenient and the order was processed fast. The lunch special sushi is well worth the price, but wouldn't recommend the udon noodle soup.Quaint sushi joint near Reading Terminal, good for takeout and dine in, perfect for satisfying my lunchtime sushi cravings. 
Note: Check your takeout order before leaving; I've been given the wrong order twice.Decent atmosphere :)) and Sushi pizza is the Best !! I had lunch special, I don't like the bento box, it has lots of fried food:((This sushi place is fast! If you're looking for a quick meal we ate our sushi in 13 minutes! Crazy fast.
We got the miso soup and avocado mango salad. The mangos were so fresh and the avocado ripe as can be. 
Then we got some sushi. The kabuki roll was good. Lots of flavor and very tasty.
The New York was hands down our favorite. Lots of spicy tuna on the inside then raw tuna on top. So delicious. Highly recommend. 
The sexy lady roll leaves some to be desired. Ahi tuna was good but flavor was a lacking something.
Philadelphia roll was good. Standard fair. 
Would highly recommend if you're on a crunch for time and need to move on quickly. Came in at 8:30 on a Saturday and it was practically empty.I was walking around China Town with a friend and wanted to have good sushi so I Yelped for sushi. Found this place with 4.5 stars. I had to try it out. I ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll and the Black Dragon Roll. As I placed the first piece in my mouth, I had a food orgasm. It was sooo good! It was warm and you can taste all the textures and flavors. I wished I lived nearby, I would revisit often.Great quick hit sushi in downtown Philly.
Nothing fancy about this place but its open late and you are in and out FAST.
Sushi was good.
I work in Philadelphia a lot and although I don't live there I eat at this place frequently because its convenient, fast, and good. 
Usually you have to pick any two of those things.
I usually get it to take away to my hotel (they also deliver but I stop on my way from job site to hotel).
The only reason I did not give 5 stars is if you do choose to eat there, its tiny and not much room, people usually bumping into you to maneuver the room.
Otherwise this place is rock solid.Great spot for a weekday lunch. Three sushi rolls and a delicious bubble tea for under 15 bucks. Bonus points for the 10% off with a Yelp check-in! I only wish that the lunch side salad was more than just 2 pieces of iceberg lettuce (however, the ginger dressing made the small size worth it) I will definitely be back, but probably just as a lunch spot, there are just so many other options in the city that, in my opinion, are much better. Still loved it though!I love kabuki -Great service great sushi and fish are super fresh. We order kabuki love boat and Black dragon roll  really delicious .They also have lunch special only $11.50 u can choose 3 full roll and comes with soup or salad really fill me up. The restaurant is nice and clean. I will definitely be back.Neither the salad nor (and more importantly) the sushi was fresh. Almost had a feel as if they were made from before and were sitting in the fridge to be served expeditiously. Environment is not authentic, food is subpar and I deeply regret reading only the first review on yelp before going there. I guess I was craving it so bad. I don't think this is a one-off incident. As a former restaurateur, I have developed enough insight to be able to tell if a place has a mindset problem. It's much harder to fix than it is to fix bad food.
PS: being right around the corner from giant hotels means that there's a constant circulation and they don't have to put up with disappointed visitors who are gone in a few days. There's a steady supply of new victims.I love this place a lot, been here multiple times and gets better each time. Their fantasy and Godzilla rolls are amazing. Located right next to my hotel, my go to spot every time I come here for business.I've eaten here and had delivery from here a few times now. The sushi has always been very fresh and deliciousThis place rocks! Never having been here before I was searching for sushi places with great ratings. This didn't disappoint. The place wasn't picked, which is a shocker for how good and fresh the sushi was. The service was quick and the food came in just minutes. The fish was fresh and the ratio of rice-to-fish was just right. Some places overload the rice to make up for less fish or poor quality. Totally not the case here, it was just right! I will definitely visit here again when in the city!We were here for lunch. We had a chicken katsu lunch box which was ok and 3 rolls from lunch special. The spicy salmon and eel avocado roll was GREAT. The Asashi roll was not good. It was a total of 24$. The service was GREAT.. the waitress was really attentive.This review is based on my delivery order through GrubHub...
We ordered 5 rolls online, just standard like Alaska roll, Philly Roll, Spicy Tuna, etc.. and they arrived really quickly. When we opened them up I was shocked at how much there actually was! 
Each roll was like 7-8 pieces, so they were a little smaller (which I prefer cause you can fit one whole piece in your mouth) and there were a ton of pieces. I only got 2 of the rolls and was full at the 1.5 mark. 
The roll was fresh and they let me substitute white tuna for regular tuna (if you have never tried white tuna, its glorious!). I didn't even mind paying the $1.00 delivery fee!Fresh and tasty! Excellent presentation and friendly service. Bring your own wine! I will come here again when in Philly!