Awesome sauce!
We have been here before and everything from the steamed shrimp shumai to the seaweed salad to the sushi rolls were excellent! Also, it's byob!
Will def return.Looooved this place! Stopped by for takeout and had the nicest service and the best roll with eel shrimp and lemon! Interesting combo and one of the best rolls I've had.Uhhhh.. okay so let me start that the place looks great and customer service was A+ but the sushi needs to have better quality fish.. I'll leave this as my initial review because I will give this restau another chance, looks like they have potential. Menu has a lot of offerings btwJapanese food in America is very difficult. You're forced to pay premium dollars for either poor to mediocre quality food, whereas in Japan you can essentially walk into anyplace and find something better for a few dollars. Yes, I am heartbroken every time I spend $20 on something that I could have gotten for $2 in Tokyo, made worse by the fact that the Tokyo option tastes 100 times better. Additionally, the sushi in America is nothing like it is in Japan and is hardly worth eating, and one of my favorite dishes, unagi, really puts me in crisis mode due to the poor quality in the States. Again, too expensive for such poor quality.
I feel a bit differently about Kai. I haven't ordered any of the sushi here except for the vegetable roll and futomaki, which I found okay and at least better than several other places in the city. However, I have had their katsu bento box, their tempura udon, unagidon, their yakisoba, and their yakiudon. Now, their katsu isn't great, but it isn't bad either. the dinner bento is a huge portion that can be shared by two, so the price doesn't sting as much. The tempura is tasty and a good variety, although I really find the rice to be lacking in skillful preparation. It also comes with california roll which are okay, but I wouldn't bother ordering them separately. 
The real reason I like Kai better than their competitors is for their tempura udon, which features a rather tasty broth alongside the solid (and plentiful) tempura and well-cooked udon. Also in the soup we get shiitake, fish cakes, broccoli, bitter greens, and aburaage, which I found to be a nice, unexpected touch. Overall, it makes for a very filling and satisfying dish for a $12 price tag which is not too tough to swallow. 
Additionally, their yakisoba and yakiudon aren't bad, but are definitely not worth the price. The reason why I continue to order them--with the yakiudon being the better of the two in my opinion--is that the shrimp option is exquisite. The shrimp is big and juicy, nicely lightly fried, done neither like shrimp tempura or ebi furai. The sauce isn't the most inspiring I've ever had, but it is okay. To tell you the truth, I crave this shrimp nearly everyday. 
Finally, the first time I had Kai I ordered the Unagidon. Surprisingly, the unagi was larger and meatier than any other place that I've tried in Philadelphia. Even more surprising is that it was cheaper than a lot of other places as well. The rice here was a fair bit better than what is in the katsu box. I would definitely order again, although one could go buy and cook your own kabayaki eel fillet from H-Mart for much cheaper and call it a day. 
They are fast in their delivery as well and their prices make it so you can usually get free edamame out of it, if not some gyoza, which are pretty solid as well.  So, nothing here is really even close to how good the food is in Japan, and dare I say one could probably make better dishes themselves if they put their mind to it. Still, if you have no idea about how to cook Japanese food or just do not want to fuss about, I would recommend Kai. In my opinion, it is one of the few restaurants that even come close to satisfying my standard for Japanese food. Thank you Kai!Kai is great place to talk with a small group of friends.  We don't like sushi.  But, the chicken curry and the chicken bento box were great!  The others loved the sushi!Excellent food and super friendly service! Also the place itself is very cozy and warm.This place looks great and you are tempted to go in, but please don't. I would not recommend to anyone who likes Japanese food. 
The fish from the sushi is tasteless and dull. The way they make maki sushi didn't follow any essence of Japanese sushi making. The wasabi, tofu and tea are so ordinary that you can just stay home to enjoy your homemade meal.(and probably better than this) 
The waitress kept coming to take away my dishes and bowls even I have more than half soup and food in them.
I never yelped before, but after this place, I had the urge to apply for an account to leave a review on this. It definitely not deserve 4stars. In fact, if I could leave no star, i would. I just wanna let people know what they are expecting from this place is incorrectly reflected on Yelp.Went here for lunch. They have great lunch specials that are reasonably priced. Cozy, unassuming place with modern decor. The fish lanterns are cute. Service was attentive. Sushi was quite good and tasted very fresh. This is going to be my new go to place for sushi in Center City.My wife and I went to Kai before a show. We were impressed by the freshness of the sushi ( it is supposed to be) and the presentation was very good. The atmosphere fit perfectly too. We're going back!Went here on a Friday night with a friend. Had a Groupon to try this place out. Restaurant was not busy; we were the only party in the restaurant. Service was great. Sushi was fresh and good, but nothing out of this world. Love that this place was byob though.Note: this is for a take-out order, not a dine-in experience. The food was nothing special. Based on these reviews I should've tried the sushi. I ordered a bowl of the Kai Ramen and started with the Vegetable Gyoza. The pot stickers were really tasty - cooked to have great texture and flavor, and the dipping sauce was good (not too salty). The soup left much to be desired. I realize that take-out is a different dining experience, but the broth just wasn't interesting. The meat was cooked well, the noodles had good bite, but it wasn't anything that I'd go back for. I can cook my own noodles at home - it's the broth that provides the backbone. So without a solid spine, I'm not really interested.Minimalist, crisp decor with friendly service and some of the freshest sushi fish in town. So unbelievably underrated.So here's the thing. My first visit was actually more of a 3 star rating, but I think I just ordered wrong, so it's my own fault.
I had seen the pictures of some marvelous looking roll with crunchy balls on the outside on yelp, and knew that was what I wanted since spicy + crunchy = mouth party. I mistakenly assumed that it was just the regular spicy tuna or salmon roll, but alas, it was not. 
However, my boyfriend and I ordered miso soup, pork gyoza, a spicy tuna roll, a shrimp tempura roll, a special roll called the Samurai roll that had a whole lot of stuff going on in it (don't remember specifics but it was some kind of avocado/spicy/salmon situation), and tempura green tea ice cream. 
The miso soup was very good. Nice and miso-y, just like I like it. The gyoza and shrimp tempura roll were great. Spicy salmon roll was good. The special roll didn't hit it out of the park for me, despite how stuffed with stuff it was. The tempura ice cream... was magical.
I will for sure be back and I will order those crunchy balls next time.
Ps- came with a groupon and only had to pay about 20 dollars extra! Cheap, filling meal.Okay, so pros and cons of Kai and why I won't return until there are improvements.
Pros: Very attentive service, clears plates fast and literally watches you eat haha.
Cute simple decor.
Cons: Their sushi is so bland and plain! They barely have any special rolls and the prices are higher than other sushi places. Like no deep fried rolls, no mayo/eel/etc toppings and sauces besides scallops which were soooo overcooked and rubbery on my special roll. Fix your menu..Tried Kai today all around exceptional place!! Will continue to go as much as I can. Great food, place, and prices!! Good place food kids if they eat Japanese food.Secret treasure of philadelphia! Great quality at amazing prices! Service was great as well and the atmosphere was welcoming and relaxing at the same time. I will be returning very soonInterior and empty plates.. you know the food was good! Will come back again. The ambience was beautiful with adequate table seating.Excellent service and excellent sushi!!! Definitely would come back. Good stuff.Came in for a work event and found Kai. Glad we did!Excellent sushi, friendly service. We found a parking spot right out front, and in Phila, parking is free in the evening on Wed. and some holidays.We love this place! Always delicious, fresh sushi and very affordable for being in Philadelphia. It has quickly turned in to a regular dinner spot for us a couple times a month. BYOB doesn't hurt either! Kevin is the man when it comes to trying new rolls.Nice place. Small, clean, comfortable.   Food was fantastic.   Waitress was very pleasant.   Prices are very good.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant .  My wife and i had miso soup, ginger dressing salad. Dragon roll and spices mermaid roll .  FantasticKai has a beautiful atmosphere...very modern, chic & tranquil. I've been waiting to give them a try for some time...I am so happy that I finally had the chance to. I ordered take out which was extremely fast & the server was very polite! The gyoza was amazing along with the speciality rolls I ordered. I highly recommend this little gem & will definitely return to dine in!!!This is my favorite place for lunch! It's so close to work and has quick service (I only have 30 min for lunch). I always go with the special 3 rolls for $11.75, which is a great deal! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The fish is fresh and delicious!My boyfriend and I decided to GrubHub sushi for delivery on a random Tuesday night and chose Kai without ever hearing about it-  happy to say I was pleasantly surprised!  I ordered a kani salad ($5.95) and the 3 roll special ($13.95- alaskan roll, spicy crunch and yellowtail scallion) and my boyfriend got the Hot Sea special roll ($12.95)  and the yellowtail scallion roll ($5.95). The kani salad was a good portion and very tasty, with avocado pieces as well.  The sushi was high quality, fresh and one of the best takeout sushi meals I have gotten in Philly for sure.  The three roll special was a large portion for a good price.  The Hot Sea roll was amazing.  Definitely will be back!Ordered online and had it delivered. Took an hour and a half for order to arrive but that I didn't mind too much. What bothered me the most was the extra spicy mayo I ordered was spilled all over the bag and all the sushi broke and had gotten unrolled. This was the first and last time I'll be ordering from here.Went here on a Saturday night on a whim due to a Livingsocial deal. I was surprised to find the place completely empty aside from the hostess/waitress. I loved the decor, I found it very modern and it gave off a pleasant vibe. The sushi was average at best, although I was impressed with the unique flavor and texture of the pumpkin roll.  The service was adequate and the food took a little bit longer than I was expecting considering no one else was there, however the presentation made up for the couple extra minutes we waited. 
All in all, Kai was an average place however I certainly see potential for another star in the future. I'll check back in another few months and see how it's progressing.This is my fiance and I's favorite sushi place. The rolls are substantial and always fresh.  It is a huge pet peeve of ours when places shred the fish to mix with a sauce then make the sushi (seemingly to stretch the fish).  But this place keeps the fish intact and does not skimp! A little pricey in comparison to other sushi places in the area however I am willing to spend an extra dollar for a higher quality.
The fact its a byob makes it even better!Kai is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the area, tucked away in the Jefferson Hospital neighborhood. The decor is lovely, and during the warmer months they have the sliding glass doors at the front of the restaurant open, creating an inviting and relaxing atmosphere. The sushi is outstanding, and I my favorite is the "Salmon Lover", and I also recommend the "Little Mermaid" roll and the "White Tiger" roll. Also it is BYOB which is awesome, so I typically pick up a bottle of Sake at the nearby Wine and Spirits shop on my way there and enjoy it with my meal... it provides me with an amazing sushi experience every time.Clean and cute modern interior. Very friendly staff. Got some fried calamari and the kai ramen, pretty good. Its too bad their random location makes them a little overlooked. Not the best ramen in the universe but for the lack of options nearby, i cant give them anything other than a good review. Give them a shot- not that crowded so you can get a spot easily! If Cheu noodle bar has a line out the door then give this place a shot!Awesome bento box. Huge portion.  All very fresh. Will come back to try the sushi next time. Very very happy to have them close by!Great sushi - it's a small place but the food is worth the wait. FYI - this is a BYOB restaurant so no saki.poor service., overpriced. one visit came an hour before closing and was told, "umm.. the kitchen is closed already". seriously?Beautiful modern look with an authentic feel. Japanese pop music plays in the background. And with such a simple yet besutiful design I automatically fell in love with the atmosphere. Also the menus have pictures of all of their food items with descriptions of whats in it. Ordered the godzilla, volcano, and shrimp tempura roll alongside with white rice and started off with takoyaki. The takoyaki was very delicious and very hot. Then had the white rice with my sushi and while the rice was  (obviously) good as all resturants should be able to tackle good rice the sushi rolls were the main hit. Unfortunately was too full to finish them but having myself taste them all with such great taste gave the remains of it to a friend so she could try it herself and even she praised it very well. There are very few Japanese resturants in philadelphia that hit the feel and taste of a authentic Japanese resturant and this place hits both targets perfectly. No complaints.Went here as a birthday lunch with a friend and honestly I was expecting much less for the price. We went a bit over the top as this was a celebration but it was pretty good. 
Drinks, my friend got a pot of tea and I got a Melon japanese soda. It was a nifty drink and I enjoyed it. 
Appetizers we got Miso and Seafood Miso and it was PHENOMENAL. Really the Miso is very good here. We also got the fried octopus balls which were okay. They were sort of over shadowed by how much we enjoyed the miso honestly. 
For lunch we got a Salmon Roll, A Rainbow Roll and an Eel Roll. It was my friends first time getting sushi and I wanted to mix and match some good ones. I wasn't wild about the Rainbow but the Eel was very good. My friend enjoyed the Salmon (I personally enjoy the sauces that go on the combination rolls, more than the sashimi). 
For dessert we had tempura green tea ice cream and it was pretty darn great as well. 
I would 100% come back here. It's an absolutely gorgeous location, great servers. We had a good time.Fantastic Japanese restaurant. The octopus balls reminded me of those that I had in Tokyo at a street festival years ago. They have one of my favorite fish, Escolar. Can't remember it's Japanese name. Everything was fresh and very nicely plated.. Service was excellent, attentive without being pushy or over solicitous. The jasmine tea was really remarkable - very floral. The waitress told us that the owner of the restaurant also owns a tea shop, so the tea is guaranteed to be fresh and of high-quality.  Was going to use a Groupon, but was notified that it wouldn't work on the weekends. No problem. I'll be back again soon.Service was awesome and I love chicken curry katsu!!! Katsu was so soft and tasty. Highly recommend this place to othersFour stars? You've gotta be kidding.
While the interior of Kai is bright and clean, and the service was swell, the sushi was, well, sad.
My yellowtail roll was fishy (!), my seared tuna roll was smoky (?), Zack's pork belly app was not actually pork belly (it was just...pork?), the veggie dumplings were soft and wet with flecks of red bell pepper (?) and the worst part of all- too much mushy, unseasoned rice on all rolls.
I would not recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys high quality Japanese food.Solid Japanese spot in an unassuming location that is conveniently located in center city. Fresh sushi in a nice quite ambience. Good tea as well.Very friendly and fast. Pork dumplings and sushi roll lunch special hit the spot.I'm so glad I work so close to this new gem of a sushi place.  A much needed renovation has been revealed with the opening of Kai, right on 10th street across from the Rothman Institute.  I went for lunch with a friend, the service and food were exceptional.  I really loved the twists on classic sushi roll favorites they have to offer, like the crunchy spicy roll! Yum.  I will be back soon, maybe today for the Happy hour specials!I can't comment if this Japanese restaurant cooks authentic Japanese food, but the food here is delicious, especially the volcano sushi. It tastes a little spicy and comes with a sweet and soft taste. The restaurant itself is kind of small, but the taste of food is good. However, the restaurant does not provide many choices of alcoholic beverages.The 3 roll special was the major reason my friends and I used to go to Kai over other nearby places, but now that it's changed, I no longer have a strong desire to go. Their sushi is good, but not worth the price without some kind of deal (Groupon, happy hour prices, etc.) in my opinion. I've also been happy with the non-sushi items I've ordered.
The interior is beautiful and minimalistic. The service is fast and we are always greeted politely. It's always been strange to me that it's never very full inside, even on weekends, but it is quite nice to be seated immediately on a Saturday at 7pm.Price is good with a groupon. The place is small so large groups might be hard to fit everyone. The service was quick and friendly. Now the food was okay. Sushi rolls were simple and the quality of the fish was okay. The shrimp tempora roll is great though. We did get complementary ice cream so that was awesome. This place is alright.I have been here twice for lunch and both times, great service and great sushi. 
I partook in the lunch special each time, which is $10 and includes a lot of things. One time I chose two rolls and a salad, the other time I chose one roll and chef's choice sushi, which was a variety of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and white tuna if I remember correctly, also with a salad. 
Second time I also ordered a pot of green tea which was huge, and really hit the spot in this cold weather. I was seriously full both times after this really affordable lunch special.
I look forward to coming back again soon, trying something new, and bringing friends for dinner! The fish was really fresh, and this is definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.Pretty standard sushi place, innovative decor. Tried the pork fried gyoza and was probably my favorite thing I ordered. Sushi was good, but standard. TNT roll was decent but I've had better. It's a good neighborhood spot for when you really need sushi.My boyfriend and I ordered take out from here on a Friday night. The service was quick but the food did not meet expectations. I ordered the Tekka Don (sliced raw tuna over rice) which came with a miso soup and side salad. The tuna was mediocre and the rice was pretty dry and hard. That being said, they did include a lot of tuna with my dish, and the soup and side salad were both good. My boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box; he said the chicken was overcooked, but enjoyed everything else. All-in-all, we probably won't be coming back, but it was worth a shot.Excellent ambience. Service was solid, and food was displayed beautifully. TV above bar with nighttime drama seemed out of place in the gorgeous setting.This spot used to be Tea Talk 2, which was pretty dead (that could be an understatement). Now it's Kai Japanese Cuisine, a huge upgrade!
I've been anticipating their opening for almost 2 months now, and Kai was well worth the wait. This place is small, not unexpected though for the location. But small as in there's a sushi bar and all the tables only seat 2 except for one that seats 4. I guess it's good for dates. 
We started off with the salmon tartare ($8). It was definitely worth more than the usual $5 for what, 2 pieces of sashimi? It was a pretty sizable pile of raw salmon on thinly sliced cucumbers topped with avocado pieces, scallions, and ponzu sauce. Definitely get it. There's also a tuna tartare option. 
We went with the White Tiger and Spider rolls. Each roll was 8 pieces, $10 each which I think is a good price for special rolls. The spider roll is pretty standard: soft shell crab, cucumber, etc. The White Tiger contained spicy tuna, cucumber, masago, and was topped with a generous amount of white tuna. Super tasty. 
I ordered a chicken katsu bowl ($12) for my little brother. When it came out, they didn't bring any miso soup or salad like the menu said it comes with. But it was whatever, I wouldn't have had room for it anyway (brother didn't even finish this dish so I gratefully ate it). The chicken was perfectly crispy and delicious!
Surprisingly, only an appetizer, 2 rolls, and a chicken katsu was enough to fill us! Everything was extremely fresh and tasty! The menu isn't as extensive as most sushi places, but I don't mind that really.
The service is good, although it's nothing particularly exceptional or memorable. 
This week they're doing a grand opening special: 25% off your entire meal! My friend and I only had to pay $20 each, including tips! I've been looking for a sushi spot in Philly and I think I've found it!I love this place!! Some of the best sushi in Philly! The yellowtail sashimi was amazing!My wife dragged me to this small, but beautifully appointed Japanese sushi restaurant because it was near the theatre we were going to.  I generally do not really like sushi.  But this lovely, small place changed my mind.  The decor seemed authentically Japanese:  simple, beautifully rendered and calm.  The food was more than plentiful, and absolutely everything was delicious.  The seafood miso soup had a substantial taste that was remarkable.  The fried gyoza and shu mai were crisp and delicious.  But the sushi playe and rolls were fantastic.  The fish was succulent and sweet and soft as butter.  The presentation was beautiful and properly simple.  I would expect no better if I landed in Tokyo and went to the best local small sushi p[lace.  This is a gem.Second meal here in 24 hours - last nt for dinner my husband and I got delivery and now I'm here for lunch. The food is fresh and  delicious. So far I'm loving there sushi rolls, agedashi tofu and shumai.97 degrees + 106 degrees real feel = we both wanted something cool for dinner. Nothing cooked please! A quick search led us to Kai, which is just a few short blocks away from our hotels (The Loews and the Marriott). 
The decor is gorgeous and really stood out - it was very sleek and modern. Very clean and crisp lines. Our waitresses were very nice and I love how they use tablets to take orders. 
We both had the sushi dinner set which comes with soup, salad, your choice of maki roll, and 8 pieces of chef's choice sushi. They bring it out in a lacquered platter, which I was a nice touch. Rolls were nicely sized - 8 pieces. The sushi was also very fresh. All in all, a good deal for $20! 
They seem to do a lot of take out, as I saw quite a few people coming in to pick up their orders. 
Highly recommended if you're looking for a sushi spot around the conference center area.Came here with a groupon and my boyfriend and we were pumped for some delicious sushi and Kai definitely delivered. 
It's BYOB for starters so we brought ourselves a couple beers (or you know, 10) to get things going. Ordered miso soup as an appetizer and it was probably the tastiest miso soup I've had in all of philadelphia. It was so flavorful, but not salty. And the seaweed was also really good. Slimy, yet satisfying. 
For sushi, we got the rainbow, pyramid and spicy tuna roll. All were really great with very fresh fish. I usually get sick of sushi after a while but here, it was easy for me to keep going. The spicy tuna roll was my favorite for sure!! Be warned, their crunchy is not your typical crumbled tempura batter, but it's more like small rice things. My boyfriend wasn't a fan, but I loved the texture of it. A nice break from the fish texture. Like eating Rice Krispies on sushi, but you know, it's not cereal. 
We also got ice cream for dessert which was vanilla, green tea, and red bean. I love green tea ice cream, but the red bean blew me away!! Sweet, but not too much. Really tasty meal and dessert!
Our service was also excellent! Will return again and perhaps try those specials they had lined up :)Super good sushi! Super clean and friendly staff. We needed a quick lunch bite and it was walking distance from the hotel. They were also decently priced. Usually hard to find both!We stumbled across Kai on a weekday evening. The sushi quality is solid and the place has nice clean decor and attentive wait staff. We will definitely be back!!I can't resist a gimmick, so when I passed their sign saying they have sushi donuts, I knew I would be coming back. 
The sushi donut is beautiful, and they place it on a square sheet of seaweed so you can eat it with your hands. For $7, you get a spicy tuna roll shaped like a donut and topped with raw fish and avocado. It's delicious and fun, and I can see myself coming back for more.A-OK just about sums it up, thanks Yelp! I rolled up around noon in order to satisfy some cravings for lunch sushi. I know that lunch sushi can only be so good, but I left Kai disappointed with even those expectations. I got one of the sushi lunch specials (I believe it was special B) and every part of it was kind of blah. The salad, the dressing, and especially the sushi just wasn't fresh in my opinion. To me, that is the most important part of eating sushi. Debbie Downer crap aside, the service was great and the price was very acceptable. With some other heavy hitters in the neighborhood (think Salmon, fat) I don't think I'll be coming back unless I'm in a punch.Solid 3 star sushi place. Food is decent - not great, but decent. Kai seems to excel in the other areas though:  ambiance, price, BYOB. Interior looks great, service is fast, price is relatively cheap..... just wish the sushi was better. 
Great spot if you need some sushi takeout or if you've got a big group looking to do some BYOB.I was a big fan of this place! It's cheap for great rolls ($10 for most specialty rolls), it's byo, and the service was great. It's small but decorated in a calm welcoming manner. We were a party of 10 and they were so accomodating to our rowdy bunch. They even gave us free edamame to start and split all our checks without asking. 
They had pretty different types of rolls with lime or crunchy pearls, many types of wraps besides seaweed. Thought they had some really cool ones going that were much cheaper than other special places like this. Our rainbow roll came with a very generous amount of fish, we got a delicious pyramid shaped roll, their special of the day that had pulled crab, tempura, and eel on top was so tasty. Even their spicy tuna from the regular sushi menu got fancified with the crunchy pearls which ended up being our favorite.
Will definitely be back here soon.Excellent food and the service was perfect. I'll be stopping in here again next time I'm in the Philly area!This review is for first time delivery. They came quickly and our order was correct. We split an order of shumai which tasted fresh but pretty standard shumai. Wife had 3 spicy rolls. Again, fresh and decent portion size but nothing special. I had the salmon teriyaki. The salmon was slightly over cooked but tasted fine and the teriyaki sauce was light which was nice. Not sure if we will be repeat customers as there are better Japanese restaurants in philly.Unless you want to go extremely high end, this is the best sushi in the city. The ambiance is great too. They are always fresh and have some unique items on the menu. I recommend the takoyaki and sushi donut appetizers.I almost gave this place 1 star because I'm a sushi snob....but the place was clean and decorated nicely enough. My friend and I ordered the tartare, which looked pretty enough but tasted mediocre. We also ordered 3 sushi rolls, including a philadelphia roll, all of which were subpar and had a strange taste to its rice. 
The good thing was that I had a groupon for the business, which was easy enough to use and made the meal cheap. Our service was also pretty nice; the restaurant was very empty though, so the atmosphere was a bit awkward--just seemed like 3 waiters staring at me and my friend in our corner the whole time!
Looked like a BYO place though, so might be a intimate place to go with friends for some beer and cheap sushi.I got delivery from this Sushi restaurant to an apartment building that I was babysitting in on a Saturday night. The building is kind of confusing to navigate, so I assumed the delivery man would have some trouble and was expecting him to call when he arrived. He did but instead of letting me explain how to get to the apartment he was hysterical on the phone- screaming to the point where I could barely even hear what he was saying. After 10 mins he finally found the apartment and when he arrived he continued to scream at me when I had a baby sleeping in the next room. The sushi was okay nothing to write home about, but because of my experience I'll probably never order from here again.I came here for dinner because I bought a groupon a couple weeks ago, but it turned out that I was mistaken and I actually had a groupon to a different sushi restaurant. Even so, I think this might be my new favorite sushi place, and I will definitely be back again, groupon or no groupon. I've been looking for good sushi restaurant since I moved to Philadelphia last year and have so far been pretty unimpressed with most of the options in Center City. I think this place might be the first one that I've really liked. The fish is fresh, the rolls are made well, and the prices are fairly decent (about $50 for three specialty rolls and two orders of nigiri). We were here on a Tuesday night, and just about every table was occupied but it was quiet and comfortable. Plus the servers were really nice and attentive. Absolutely recommend, would eat again.Ordered delivery via grub hub, sushi rolls were good and sushi pieces were very fresh.This place was awesome.    Nurses from Jefferson Chemo treatment center told us to go there.  My daughter was in heaven.  Great price   good food  We had the Bento boxes and sushi rolls.This is the second time I came here and both time was a great experience. The atmosphere is nice, soft muaic that doesnt drown out conversations, and the food itself is amazing. The staffs there are always nice and always making sure everything is fine.Sushi is quality and the restaurant atmosphere is fantastic--modernly decorated and very calm. The special rolls were fantastic and service was very friendly as well.Best sushi I've had in Philly so far. The rolls are so tasty and not loaded up with tons of rice. Great service, fantastic specials, and BYOB (so a meal can work out to be a good deal)!Minimalist, crisp decor with friendly service and some of the freshest sushi fish in town.Considering that I was in Philadelphia for a few days, this was one of the spots I decided to have dinner at with people. The restaurant itself I hear is new and they even offered a "grand opening discount" to your check. I had no clue what I was in for, but I came here with four other members of my family preparing for what was ahead of us. Well boy oh boy, Kai Japanese Cuisine definitely left a positive impression on me. 
First of all, have you seen the furniture in this restaurant? Dang, the chair sure was heavy... but if you take notice of the design and its interior, it's fabulous! I looked passed the weight of it for its fine comfortable seat. 
Fasting forward to several months later, this is my second time here (considering that i am from New york). 
I love the concept of being able to see the sushi chefs make my sushi and how my fish is prepared. Their sashimi has yet to come out not fresh -- it's always fresh. I haven't received anything that isn't good. 
Here are some of the dishes that i would recommend for people to order, only because I can vouch for it : Unagi don, eel and cucumber roll, pork belly w/wasabi and soy sauce, and a salmon skin handroll. 
PS their salmon skin handroll is probably the most unique and strangest handroll i have ever tried. 
The wise one would always mention "quality over quantity," and honestly, it's true about this restaurant. They not only have nice chairs, you should see the teapots they use to serve tea. On top of that, the chopsticks aren't the disposable ones. It may be a little pricey, but i'd suggest to give this place a try. Must I mention their B.Y.O.B. policy with no cork fee?Wow, delicious. The quality of the fish is superb. We got to try a couple classic rolls, sashimi, and udon. All of it was yummy and the fish tasted fresh and not frozen. Not that many special or heated rolls, but that's OK. Tight menu, clean restaurant, and the service is so nice and friendly.I stopped by here for lunch on a weekday. They have a great selection of lunch deals. I thought Fat Salmon had amazing sushi when I dined in there last week, but Kai was even better in the quality of their sushi. 
Crunchy spicy salmon wasn't as spicy as I expected, but still was very great, with enough fresh salmon in each piece of rolls unlike the ones from some other sushi restaurants. Crunchy bits were a little strange in appearance and taste, but not in a bad way. 
4 pieces of the chef's choice nigiri were purely amazing. Sashimi tasted so fresh, rice so warm with perfect amount and texture. Miso soup was great as well-- not too salty or dense. Service was excellent. Great place to have a quick, great quality sushi for lunch by yourself or with friends.The place is clean with a pleasant decor, the staff is polite and attentive. We had the squid and the fried calamari for starters,  which was very good (my favorites). The volcano sushi rolls were very well prepared and had great flavor. We also had the yellow curry dish with rice and it was delicious as well. I would definitely go back amd eat here again.Ordered delivery - kai ramen, gyoza, miso, ginger salad, and volcano roll. I only finished the gyoza. Was sadly underwhelmed - flavors weren't amazing and the sushi seemed stale (is that even possible?). With so many other great choices in the city, probably won't order from here again.OMG...Spectacular is all I can say! The good was awesome! They even serve Takoyaki!!! That was the best part. It is very hard to find.  We had a group in so we thought we would try it. I am sure glad we did. The only bad thing is when you sit by the window you have people practically in your lap from outside.Extremely so so. The sashimi was ok. Rolls were good and the tempura and katsu chicken good.This place has amazing sushi and small plates. We came here as a big group for a friend's birthday and the staff was so accommodating and attentive. We had a variety of rolls, sashimi and nagiri (all delicious and fresh - not fishy!) and the chef also provided us with a variety of special small plates. The presentation and flavor were outstanding. Overall the ambience was great, staff was super friendly and the chef even came out to check how the food was. Highly recommend this place and will definitely be back!Their lunch specials (bento boxes) are delicious. I've had the chicken katsu and gyu don - both are yummy! 
Chicken katsu is crispy and freshly fried. The bento comes with 2 gyoza and you can opt for veggie or pork. 
Rice to beef ratio in gyu don is a little off - too much rice, but still worth the $10 overall.
Service is excellent.
10% off if you pay in cash.