Had a vegetarian combo platter for lunch that consisted of falafel, lentil soup and eggplant stew. The meal was satisfying, not overwhelming, but not underwhelming either. Picture taken after finishing one of the falafel balls.This place has the best falafel, grape leaves, and Baba ganoush I've ever had! I've lived in the middle east and have eaten in several places while staying in Greece so I've had my fair share. I went back for more on the second day to order more before going home. This mom and pops place is friendly and has prompt service. Also loved their fresh made to order smoothies.Food is really good - healthy, fresh, & well-spiced.  Juices are equally well balanced.  Staff are extremely kind & everything is reasonably priced.  Outside of only a few middle eastern restaurants in Philadelphia, this is my favorite.I had a friend visiting from D.C. and wanted to visit the Reading Terminal. She loves Middle Eastern food and wanted to have lunch here. A tourist trap, the food was total garbage and I was also overcharged us by several dollars. Definitely avoid this place at all costs. FYI- I took her to  Bitar's the following day and as usual, we were both pleased.My boyfriend and I stopped by here to get a drink because the paper ad that was pressed against their window was so alluring. Lemon Na-Na. A drink with mint lemonade and rose water. For a hefty $4 plus tax which came out to $4.32 was definitely a pricey drink. Putting the price aside, the drink was pretty dam good. Very similar to a mojito minus the alcohol. Extremely refreshing on a hot day and actually worth the money since it was made with "rose water" and refreshly blended with mint.
I also gave baklava a try, first time tasting this middle eastern sweet. A lot small but it was really good. Layers of phyllo pastry with grinded nuts in the center mixed with honey. Perfect dessert that goes really well with the drink. Other things I wouldn't recommend but the Lemon Na-Na and baklava is a must get at this location.I've never come here for the standard lunch that's getting bad reviews here, but regularly stop on the other side of the counter where they have the prepared spinach pies and sweets. The spinach & cheese pie (spanikopita style) is perfect for a quick, hearty snack and is extremely tasty. They also occasionally have samosas, which are absolutely fabulous. Finally, I recommend any of the sweets. They have baklava, kataifi and homemade havalah. All absolutely delicious.
As for the service, I've had mixed service, but it's generally been a more positive experience than negative experience.GREAT people, very friendly service. Falafel and middle eastern combo were very sad tasting and hardly tasted like food.Falafel wrap! It really hit the spot. Only complaint: when I ate my way to the bottom of the wrap, there was too much sauce, which probably dripped down from the top. 
FYI - they also have whole wheat pitas for no extra charge.Hummus is ok, not too flavorful. Baba ganoush is a little bit salty but you can taste the smokiness. There are a lot of varieties of baklava. They sell pita bread too, regular and whole wheat. 
They have juice and middle eastern food to such as schwarmaGood place to go for a tasty and homemade middle eastern/mediterranean quick lunch. Falafel was good! Hummus and baklava too.Solid place considering there aren't a plethora of middle eastern places around.  I ordered two separate meals because I'm a pig and I can. The lamb kebab platter was great. The fresh bread was a plus.  Secondly, I went with the pick 5 veggie platter which is probably the best value in the house.   The egg plant stew and baba ganoush was excellent.   2 meals for $24 is not bad for city prices.  It's Reading Station.  All these places are "fast food" like environments.  Whatever.  That's my 2 cents.There's a good chance that the individual items on my grape leaves platter may well have been good, tasty Middle Eastern food but it was hard to tell.
The salad had a big dollop of humus on it, the tabbouleh and the grape leaves had been liberally squirted with hot and tahini sauces and the whole thing had just become a big pile of food instead of individual fresh-tasting items that each had their own personality as mezze. It was a mess!
The Middle East is a big place with many varied recipes for the common dishes. It was impossible to say which style of cooking this was but, either way, nowhere in the Middle East do any of those items have any affinity with tahini and hot sauces, as much as I love both.
Time for my usual Middle Eastern bread moan. It's a artisan market and at the very least I would expect fresh, home-made bread. It's so easy to do and always wows diners. Given the way the platter was served and the rock hard commercial flatbread this place just smacks of laziness and a lack of love for food. It has no place in the market.I ordered the veggie combo platter and chose hummus, baba ghanoush, and labne (it wasn't listed as an option but I asked for it). The platter was delicious and healthy. The hummus and baba ghanoush tasted flavorful and authentic. It also came with pita bread, which was thin and not my fave since I didn't find it great for dipping. I also ordered watermelon juice but it tasted watered down (could've been the watermelon itself that wasn't flavorful). The platter was about $10 and the juice was $3. I think it's a bit pricey but overall it's good, and I recommend it.***VEGAN/PLANT BASED EATER*** This place is excellent at accommodating vegans! I customized my own smoothie with spinach, banana, mango, pineapple, 3x the chia seeds, and dates with no ice, just water. The smoothie was delicious, but their vegan falafel was even BETTER. Their vegan yogurt-like sauce tied it all together nicely. The young man helping me was so patient and kind and was attentive to my every need. Thanks for giving me such a positive experience! If I ever return, I'd definitely come back here.You can score much better Middle Eastern food at the King of Falafel food truck on JFK Blvd near Love Park.  And for about half the price or less.
I used to frequent this place years ago and was surprised to recognize the same owners from years ago on my trip here today with my teen.  She voted for Middle Eastern (among all the glorious RTM choices), and I had no bad memories . . so we had a couple of their platters.  She chose the falafel platter (about $10) and I had their Vegetarian combo platter (3 choices for about $9.  I selected eggplant stew, baba ghanouj and tabouleh.  Both came with stale white pita bread (shamefully awful stuff).  My platter portions were small, and the quality was not good anyway: the parsley in my tabouleh seemed slightly yellowed - not fresh; the eggplant stew was small leathery cubes of eggplant that was almost the consistency of tofu or seitan -- not what I was expecting and not entirely pleasant "mouth feel."  The baba ghanouj was ok, with too much tahini for my taste.  My daughter's falafel platter came with about 5 nice sized falafels (I'll give them that).
We did not have dessert -- but my memories of their baklava were good, for what that's worth!
With all the choices at RTM, I will not return to Kamal's.My review is for the baklava. It is very good. Highly recommended. Very juicy and flaky. I will try their other dessert.I don't understand how anyone could give this place a bad review. Unless they have never eaten there. The Moroccan Chicken platter is amazing. It has flavorful, juicy chicken that falls off the bone, rice pilaf, vegetables, hummus, pita, salad, and taboule. It costs about $11 with tax. Their spinach pies and chicken pies are great, too. The smoothies are not as good as the ones at the Four Seasons smoothie place in the next aisle of Reading Terminal, but the food is delicious!I got the impression that this is the place you go to when you need shawarma really bad but the halal carts nearby have closed down for the day. 
I had a chicken shawarma sandwich here at around 4 today and it turns out that I was correct about this place. It's a minimally acceptable substitute for that narrow window of time when the real stuff isn't available.
The sandwich wasn't heavily spiced enough, it largely consisted of slightly wilting lettuce, and the pita was not fluffy or doughy or chewy or much of anything great. Still, it did the trick for the afternoon, so I can't grouse too much.After browsing through the seemingly endless options in Reading Terminal Market, I decided to get my falafel fix from this booth/restaurant. I ordered the falafel wrap combo which came with a small side of fries and a small drink. The fries were nothing special, but I was pretty hungry so I definitely enjoyed them. The wrap was of course the star of the order. The pita was delicious, the falafel even better - just enough crunch on both the outside and the inside. However, I didn't like the amount of sauce in the wrap - a slightly tangy, creamy sauce that would've been good on the side or in smaller portions. The greens in the wrap were also a bit much for me mostly because they were pretty much smothered in the sauce. All in all though, it was scrumptious and I would come back.I have only gotten juice here - not any food - but for juice (if 4 seasons is closed - which is was) in a pinch this place is fine. (Smoothies and fruit juices, a few vegetable choices).
Nice selection of middle eastern parties, too.
With so many choices in the RTM - this one is not up too high on the list - but seems OK.
Been here for years!Like most places at the Reading Terminal Market, this place had a big crowd waiting for lunch.  Unlike others though, it had no line...instead the staff has everyone clustered around, shouting out orders, then waiting in a big group until their food is ready.  Mine came through with not too bad of a wait, but my companion was fairly certain that they forgot his altogether.  I've never before had a Greek salad with more cheese than vegetables, and the result was rather salty and soggy.  The pita was hard and not very flavorful.  However the coconut-pineapple-mango juice was fabulous and made up for the flaws of the salad.I'll admit I have had better shwarma before.  The biggest problem was really the bread - it was too thin and the weight of the food within it created holes and the sandwich basically fell apart as I began to eat it.  Also, the pita tasted like "healthy" bread - kind of cardboardy and stiff - not my favorite in the world.  The sauce tasted different than what I usually have in shwarma - I agree with the one reviewer who said it tasted a little like Italian dressing was in there.  It wasn't bad, but not the usual taste.
Other than those two things, I thought the shwarma was great and satisfied my hunger.  The meat was good and it was large and I generally enjoyed the toppings.  The guy was friendly, and the price was right.  I would certainly eat here again if I were in the mood for Middle Eastern food.
I have also gotten smoothies here before.  They have a wide variety of options, and lots of shakes involving bananas - my favorite!  Though it doesn't say on the menu board, I'm pretty sure you can customize the smoothie to your preferences.
So there are some kinks, but to me this is generally pretty decent food and smoothie place.  I was satisfied after eating here and that is all that really matters in the end.Absolutley hands down the best Gyro i have ever had... the falafal plate was serious, i devoured the whole thing, served over a green salad with tabuli (a earthy parsley and herb salad with some type of grains whick reminded me of a light pasta) salad grilled pita and hummus... the smoothies are fresh and delicious. Definitely worth the visit and the drive from cape may county.grumble...I'm eating the three-choice-combo (falafel, hummus, & eggplant stew) as we speak.  I should have consulted with Yelp before stopping here during my lunch hour shopping extravaganza...what was I thinking?
Since I'm cooking pork tenderloin tonight from the Fair Food Farmstand, I decided to go veg. at lunch.   I think falafel is the feather in the cap of veg/vegan food, so I stopped by Kamal's for the first time.
Hmmm...I'm still eating it as I type, but that's only b/c I'm hungry.  The falafel is cold and way too salty.  It's sitting atop a bed of cilantro, or is that salad?  I can't really tell.  Eggplant stew is sour, with mushy red and green peppers.  They were kind enough to include a "pita," but it's so stale I could frisbee it to my co-worker down the hall.  Hummus, because it's edible, is decent by comparison to everything else.
C'mon...I should have known better; the shawarma meat looked like an old, leather shoe.  I'm smarter than this!
Ah well, it's a sad day for Middle Eastern food...but I'll be sure to stop by Maoz on the way home to erase this bad memory.I should have read the reviews before grabbing a meal here. 
Chicken shawarma sandwich is dry and lackluster. You'll definitely experience better elsewhere. 
It looked like the falafal platter would have been a better option based on what i saw on other customers' plates, but case say anything else about that.
Now I know why there's no long lines here compared to the more popular RTM vendors. You really have no reason to come here unless you're desperate for middle eastern and have no way of traveling out of the area.Delicious. I got a lamb gyro (let's be honest, gyros are amazing) and a small mango guava smoothie. The smoothie alone was worth the wait and the crowds. However I do knock off one star because they rush through the ordering process that I didn't have the chance to tell them I wanted the combo (fries and a drink), and had to wave them down to tell them to add on the smoothie. 5 stars for the food, 3 for the service.I should have expected this. I had a sub-par experience with their juice bar a few months back (they asked me 3 times within 5 minutes of what kind of smoothie I ordered...do I have to draw a map?). 
Today, my falafel sandwich was presented to me with a surly attitude and a overly tangy sauce. I was borderline on getting a platter, but after having the just average falafel I'm glad I didn't bother.
I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt on this one and throw them two stars, but honestly I'm not going back. There seem to be a lot of better falafel options in the city.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 2
Decor: 2
Service: 1
Wild card: It's the only place in Reading Terminal Market to get a smoothie, but I can't imagine that will stay the same.I am not a huge fan of their hummus, but their drinks are wonderful. Their lemonade is tart instead of sweet, which I enjoy. The people at the counter are always friendly.Fresh tasty lamb shawarma. Little bit of heat. Crunchy on the outside soft and moist on the inside falafel. Service very nice.Good felafel platter but not great. The felafel were well-fried but not particularly flavorful; the hummous had a nice consistency but also not loads of flavor; the tabbouli was excellent; the additonal salad was redundant with the tabbouli. The lemonana was tasty but expensive. Almost $15 spent for items that were merely, mostly filling. They gave me tea instead of lemonana and looked at my like I had 2 heads when I brought it back a few seconds later.As a vendor at the ever-crowded and competitive Reading Terminal Market, you've gotta stand out to earn my business.  Either do something BETTER than anyone else, do something CHEAPER than anyone else, or do something DIFFERENT than anyone else.
Kamal's does none of these things.  I was served an overly salty gyro on a stale pita by a disinterested cashier who charged me 7 bucks for the pleasure.  Now, if this was a hole in the wall spot on the corner of my block, I might drop back in the next time I got a gyro craving.  But it's not.  It's Reading Terminal Market.  I can literally travel a few steps to Olympic Gyro, where they serve a higher quality version of the exact same food.
Long story short, you gotta do better than that if you're gonna get my dollar at RTM!Downright lousy chicken kabobs. So dry, so shitty. My friend advised her baba ghanoush was just so-so as well. Should've checked yelp before we sat down. Fool me once....Delicious lamb shawarma platters.
Take home some of their babganoush (eggplant spread)-it's fabulous.
Their spinach/feta pies are also homemade and excellent!!
Forget the smoothie stuff-that's for lightweights.
Get the Middle Eastern real food there!!!!!They have a good honest falafel sandwich. I have no opinion on their other menu items, since I only go for falafel. Always fresh, and today with a nice minty flavor. Of course, these things are a mess to eat, but that's not their fault. Counter staff is always friendly and very pleasant. I'll be back. Special note: whole wheat pita for no extra charge. They take LevelUp.Great place for Vegetarian & Vegans. The tabbouleh was delicious- fresh parsley.  Highly recommend for fast, inexpensive good mid-eastern food in downtown Philadelphia.Authentic and delicious! I got the hummus falafel and it was amazing!! For a vegetarian I give it a thumbs up!!Got falafel here last night, not for dinner but more of a side to my buffalo chicken cheese steak. I should have gotten the falafel as my meal. From my perspective it was pretty good for restaurant falafel. The service was fine. I have no criticisms.We didn't try too much at Kamal's during a recent visit to the RTM. We ordered the Tabouil, Baklava and two smoothies.
The smoothies were very good. I had this mint lemomade smoothie with rose water. This was unique and refreshing and I would order this again. The Tabouli was just average, nothing special. We were a little disappointed with the Baklava and would not recommend this.
I would go back to Kamal's but I would pay strict attention to Sari A's review and recommendations. I'll try one of the pies.
3 Yelp stars.I will never go here again. I got a large greek salad with chicken. Also a side of tahini sauce. The chicken is the kind that you would get on any roach coach.  Disgusting. The salad was a soggy mess. Lettuce was brown in  places. There were no red onions.  I dipped the pita in the  tahini and that was my lunch because I couldn't stomach it. Also $12. Are you serious??? Do yourself a favor. If you want a greek salad go the greek place at the Bellvue. Top notch and only $10. I just was in the area and had to go here. Never again!!Had the falafel veggie...good flavor...lot of veggies....good sauce...overall a good place to eat...staff is very kind and friendly.Really enjoyed the falafel here, whipped up to order after some significant dithering between booths last saturday evening just before market closing time. The toppings were tasty, the greens were fresh, the falafel itself soft, crumbly, and flavorful. The pita simply overflowed with goodness. Also had a refreshing smoothie-kale, apple, strawberry, squeeze of lemon-which was not sweet but a serious boost for the immune system. There was a baklava thrown in for my birthday-how sweet! I just hope I am reviewing the right place--the owners/employees were Syrian, and most accommodating to a family of indecisive falafel aficionados travelling up from DC!Delicious falafel! Family operated and it shows in the food! 100% authentic Syrian food. Highly recommend stopping by here if you're at the RTM.Ordered Moroccan chicken platter - there was nothing Moroccan about it, absolutely zero flavor. Chicken tastes just about how you would expect a boiled chicken to taste. Haven't tried other dishes but I wouldn't expect much from them based on this. For half the price you would get more flavor from just about any chicken and rice food carts in the area.Went there for a refreshing smoothie and ended up tossing it after one sip. It had an almost chemical taste to it was a huge disappointment taste-wise. The person that helped me was very nice and I appreciated that but it was not enough for me to want to try the same thing there again.One thing everyone should know before eating at the Reading Terminal Market is that not everything is good.  Enter Kamal's MIddle Eastern Specialties:
My papaya/peach "juice" was made with frozen fruit and had a bunch of ice crystals in it.  It was more like a bad smoothie, and it was also watery and bland.
The chicken shawarma also totally sucked--cheap ingredients, not much flavor...the worst shawarma I've had.
I'm giving them two stars instead of one because the people behind the counter were nice enough.  Blah.I had the chicken kebab plate. The kebabs were tasty and came with some tasty red peppers. The sides were good as well. The woman at Kamal's has friendliness issues, and it was a bit pricey for what you get, but it was good.Built my own smoothie. All I really wanted was ginger in mine... but owner was so kind to let me order my 3 ingredients and he just threw in the ginger for free. It was exactly what I wanted. And it's sooooo fresh. I did the guava strawberry kale and ginger combo.how is this my first time?!I was back again recently, and a woman came up and asked them how much their bananas were. The guy behind the counter explained that they were $.65, and said that they were somewhat expensive because they are a juice bar and don't usually sell just the bananas. He then suggested where she could get a banana for a better price in the Market. If that, plus a consistently excellent falafel sandwich, doesn't get you a five star review on Yelp, I don't know what will.If you have to go here get a smoothie that is the only thing I recommend. I came in today (5/4) for lunch around (12.20) in the mood for lamb. I would like to preface this as I have been here before only for smoothies and I enjoyed them as they do not add sugar. Today I ordered a lamb sharwma platter($12) and what I received was appalling. The lamb was rubbery and looked half cooked. The rice was hard, I didn't try the salad or baba ganoush as I was already feeling my stomach turn. I returned the meal to the employee who got defensive I'm not sure if he was the owner or not but I think so. He said that "he has been cooking here for 36 years and I never had proper lamb." Well as someone who has worked in many restaurants I didn't want to deal with a hostile worker. I got my money back and left I wouldn't recommend. Baklava is also $2.50 for a small square that was probably made last week.I was looking for a healthier option at Reading Terminal Market, and Kamal's was a solid choice for a light meal. 
I ordered and shared the #8 baba ganoush plate, lentil soup, and spinach cheese pie. The baba ganoush plate was disappointing in appearance (it looked nothing like the photo) but came with a nice variety of sides, including tabouleh, hummus, baba ganoush, a simple side salad, and a few slices of pita. Although fresh, everything tasted pretty average. The lentil soup was also just okay, but the spinach cheese pie was unexpectedly delicious! Warm, flaky, and tasted sooo good with a little bit of their tzatziki sauce.
I'll have to come back to try their shwarma. Two different customers (who saw me struggling with what to order) reassured me that the food here is amazing, and both agreed that this was their favorite spot in the market. Unfortunately I wasn't that impressed, but maybe I'll have to try their popular meat options next time.They do fit a lot of things onto one plate for the Lamb Shwarma Plate. But that's really the only good thing I have to say. The lamb is mouth-watering atop a bed of rice. The pitas are cold, hard, and dry, and they get dipped into a hummus with a bitter aftertaste. The forgettable salad and standard tabbouleh cool the combo down. 3 stars only because the lamb was good, but it was $10 for only a few strips. Skip Kamal's. There are definitely much better places with a bigger bang for your buck in Reading Terminal Market.The food is quick and (relatively) cheap. Other than that wasn't terribly impressed. They make no effort to conceal the microwaves-my server put my spanakopita into it very clearly while facing the counter. The pita bread is not impressive at all. Thin, dry, and cold. Hummus was not bad, but then again getting the hummus right should be a given for a true "middle eastern" food counter. Falafel was decent as well. I personally liked the spanakopita (spinach and cheese pie on the menu), which tasted authentic, although the microwaving process released a lot of grease onto the wax paper, slightly off-putting.A good cheap meal and an exceedingly helpful counterman who took the time to alert me to the gluten in the tabbouleh and who was otherwise imperturbable, efficient, and fast.  And even though you are sitting right in the middle of the bustle of the RTM, the great quality of the food makes you forget where you are.After a day at the flower show, my girlfriend and I were absolutely starving so we headed over to the market place for some grub.
Wow..
Biggest rip off I've experienced in a very long time. Their portions are downright ridiculously small. I couldn't believe what I received after ordering the 5 item platter. I received one...1...uno...falafel ball, one(!) stuffed grape leaf, a total of 5 pieces of tired and tasteless chicken chunks, a mound of garbage lettuce and, I kid you not, two tablespoons of rice. All of that cost me close to $13 with no beverage. The worst part, their pita was the thinnest flat bread I've ever eaten.
If you ever make into the Reading Terminal Market stay away from this place. Ugh!Because I am unimpressed with the level of cleanliness here, I have confined my purchases to items made off-site:   Pita bread and spinach pies.  Those items have been adequate.   I truly want to love this place, but I just can't until they clean up their act.  Literally.    
For good Middle Eastern food at about the same price point, try Mama's (Vegetarian), Bitar's or Cedars.  For a more upscale experience go to Zahav. 
Do not buy the baklava here.  It is swimming in syrup, which is wrong, wrong, wrong.  For the real deal, and if you can postpone joy for a few days, then order baklava from Shatila (www.shatila.com), whose phyllo-dough-based pastries are world class.  Truly worth the wait.I was on jury duty the other day, which entitled me to 10% off at any of the Reading Terminal eateries, so I jumped at the chance to get a $10 combo platter at Kamal's for $9. Unfortunately, it wasn't even worth $5. Even if the sides of hummus, rice, beans, and salad were sub-par, I expected the shawarma meat to be salty and delicious. It was flavorless. With all of the wonderful options in Reading Teminal, I will not be returning to Kamal's.Mango strawberry smoothie here was pretty good. It tasted a bit artificial compared to the fresh squeezed
Juices I've become accustomed to but it tasted good and quenched my thirst for something cold and fruity.Solid service, desserts are decent.
But the falafel and shawarma are not good at all.  The shawarma looked and felt very jello-like.  Just gross and not good.  Even the pita bread was lackluster.
I won't be going back here again, a few times is more than enough for me.  Especially in an awesome place like the RTM I can't see any reason to go here for lunch.
I should have read yelp first.I set out to Reading Terminal today on my meager half hour lunch break for a cheap and quick bowl of ham and bean soup from the Dutch Eating Place. I failed to realize, however, that the Amish section is closed Monday and Tuesday. Upon making this discovery, I was getting desperate to find something fast and reasonably priced. Every place either had a line, or was outside my budget for lunch. There was no line at Kamal's. I should have known something was amiss. The gentleman at Kamal's said a falafel sandwich would be done in less than five minutes. Sold! After all, how bad could a falafel in the terminal be, right? Yeah, OK. 
I will give it this--it WAS done lickety split. That is where the good ends. As a previous reviewer said, they microwaved their pre-fried falafel balls. When I saw the woman pop them in the microwave, my heart sank. I felt the wave of impending doom wash over me. She then drizzled the small, not toasty-looking pita with a couple sauces, added lettuce, tomato, cabbage, and the falafel, and, then...I think she microwaved the whole sandwich. You know what that means, folks. More warm lettuce than a McChicken sandwich in a glove box. The soggy falafel was more like warm grape nuts formed into a haphazard ball. All I have to say about this sandwich at this point is...ewwww. Seriously, not just the worst falafel sandwich ever, but one of the worst sandwiches, period. The rest of the food might be decent, but after this falafel litmus test, I don't care to find out.First time coming here. 
Tried the baba ganoush pits and a falafel plate. Probably the best falafel I've had!5 stars all the way for me. The chicken kabob platter was amazing. I will admit I am a newb to the middle eastern fare but the tabouli (bomb!) the salad with whatever that dressing is (bomb!) the chicken was perfect and the hummus was BOMB, the rice...eh, but mix that in with some hummus and tabouli and bomb!I just ordered a lunch combo of hummus, babbaganoush, feta and falafel. When I was handed the $9 platter, I hardly felt anything in the container and was shocked at the skimpy 1/2 of a pita to go along with it. VERY mediocre and flavorless. Seemed to be skimping on everything to save on overhead. Don't bother.I would rather go home hungry than eat here again. It was like eating fried and then microwaved sawdust balls. I am on a mission to eat at every place in RTM once (except the weird salad bar place, I mean seriously, who would go THERE in this culinary wonderland?). Well this place  fell WAY below the standards of decent/amazing food expected at the RTM.Its not bad but not terribly exciting either. 
Got a side of falafel which were good, and the lamb shawarma. The meat itself was very tasty, but the garlic yogurt sauces was so strong it did over power the flavor of the lamb. 
Was pretty expensive too. Two shawarma, a side of fries, side of falafel and a drink, almost $28.The falafel here is moist and so flavorful. But I was a little disappointed that my mixed platter only came with two of them. The grape leaves were yummy but not necessarily the best I've ever had and again I only received two small grape leaves with the mixed platter. I had the grape leaves and falafel served over a salad. Overall everything tastes delicious and fresh. The service was fast and I would eat here again.Loved my meal here in the market! I got the veggie combo with falafel, grape leaves, and baba ganoush, and it is lathered in tahini and served atop a salad of greens/cucumber/tomato. Pita wedges are also served on the side. The size was perfect - not too small or too big, and everything was delicious and so fresh! Staff was very friendly. My friend got the same combo but with hummus, lentil soup, and falafel. Tried the hummus and it was super good, but we agreed the baba ganoush was better.Kamal's certainly occupies the low-end of the quality spectrum at Reading Terminal Market, and as we all know, nothing here (good, bad, or otherwise) is cheap. I had remembered eating there several years ago and thought that it was just alright. Nowadays I work very close to the market and have eaten at almost every food stand there. I gave them a couple of more chances, but I have since vowed not to go back to Kamal's. One of the things that really, really bothers me about this place is that they heat up your food in a microwave. Fried foods like falafel and kibi just go to hell when you do this, even if they were once tasty. If you get the salad option to go with your falafel (or whatever option you choose) watch out, because the drench it in something that resembles a tahini dressing. I don't know how this place keeps holding on, because the quality of the food just isn't there.Great place inside reading terminal! I had the chicken gyro wrap combo, and it was actually a really decent size for the price. It's definitely expected that food inside reading would be slightly expensive (in my opinion), but the taste and quality of this specific restaurant made up for it. Not the absolute best gyro I've ever had (my mom's gyros are lol), but definitely one that I would go have again. 
A bonus is the seating area that this restaurant has. It beats having to walk around the entire place to find somewhere to sit down and eat your food. Next time I'll give their juice bar a try because that seemed really good too, I was just too stuffed to get one.Vegetarians, rejoice: Kamal's is an oasis in Reading Terminal Market's desert of giant plates of meat. At $8, the falafel sandwich is a fresh and tasty bargain destined to be a new go-to meal on the go. I must thank other Yelp reviewers for helping me find this place, which is near Bassett's. Even though I live in Philly, there are so many vendors that I still don't know them all.I went to reading terminal specifically for a pressed squeezed juice and stop at Kamal's. They were very busy with one employee working register and another pressing juices and two others cooking food. 
It took about 10 mins to get our juices. I ordered a kale, spinach and lemon juice and a shot of wheatgrass. It's cost 7.11$ , when it came time to pay, I handed the clearly overworked and overwhelmed employee a 20$ bill, I didn't catch his name so I'll call him employee #1 as well. He quickly brought me back over 2.84$, which I handed back and I said I gave you 20$. He then says no you didn't you have me a 10$ bill. Not even 10 seconds had passed. Instead of actually going to the register to see if he had mistakenly thought it was 10 and it was actually the 20$ bill had given, he goes to the "manager"/juice presser now we know his name is Adam.
Adam comes over rudely and says employee number said you gave him a 10$ bill and at least one other customer said they saw you give him a ten. And like he was the "end all be all" tells me I needed to be quiet while he talked and I could just come back at the end of the day. At no time did they even speak to any other person beside myself unless there was some mental telepathy going on. Employee #1's whole argument was that the looked yellow and not green. Though, he never really actually looked at whether it was a 10 or 20. I expected that they would try to rectify the situation immediately but he insisted that I wait 2 hours for my change after he took count for the night. I asked them to run the cameras back to in order to which bill it was. Employee #1 continuously lied instead of admitting that he may have made a mistake.
Security got involved and the police were called but before they showed head of security thought it to be easier to give just me my correct change and have us leave because I wasn't going until I got my correct change. It was never about the 10$ but the blatant disrespect in trying to resolve the matter and disregard for what actual customer service should be. It felt it was 8 people against one including the security and employees. I do hope that employee # 1 mans up and apologizes to everyone involved because it is indeed ok to make mistakes but it's not ok to lie about them and cause extra commotion because you're pride won't let you come down off the high horse. The part that sucks is a really enjoyed my juice but I won't be going back there except to double check the integrity of employee #1 to see if he in fact apologize and reimbursed the security guard.It's almost as if they are burdened by serving you. Wife and I ordered shawarma and falafel in pita. $8 each. Got two small wraps with little meat or falafel balls. The sever (who I think is the owner) basically plunked them down on the counter. Taste is just ok. They have prime real estate at the terminal - too bad they can't manage this place well enough to be a gem.I was expecting too much... Well the price was okay.. The meat was okay.. the pita bread was hard.. Very hard that's hard to chew... Might not be coming back anymore...
I ordered the lamb shawarma sandwichI am updating my review from a few years ago because this time, my falafel was more like a meh-lafel. Bad day? Not sure. Either way, my guest and I agreed that the food was mediocre at best and that we could have done better nearly anywhere else in the market.Four of us ate there and the food was mediocre to not great.  My chicken kabob (#3 dish) was dry.  The hummus and salad were ok though.  For $10 platter, it was overpriced for what it was.I wish I had read all the reviews before I ate here. I only ate here because they took credit and Carmen's nearby only takes cash, which I didn't have.
Maybe it was because I came at the end of a work day but the gyro meat was reheated in a microwave (I watched the person do it). I wouldn't have minded this but the meat was under-seasoned. The gyro was just so-so and the hummus side dish was not anything to shout about, although it was a good portion for the price. Plus they barely give you enough pita. I was pulling off some of my gyro to eat my hummus! I think this place seems more popular for their smoothies.More like Meeeehhhhk than Meh. This place will draw any stupid, starving twinkled eyes tourist in who can't make up their mind and needs to eat now before all hell breaks loose (me). It looks like it will totally be awesome. Yes, they've got the fam there making shakes and shaving off meat. There's an amazing spread of phyllo spiraled treats you could almost touch with your own hands if that plexi-glass case wasn't in the way. There are always seats taken at the bar giving the appearance of popularity (note: they are totally cool if you sit on their stools and not buy).
But at first bite... there is cheap Italian dressing mixed into the tahini? The falafel is mush. The veggies taste like they come from some Sam's Club mix. The fries are soaked in oil. Let's go back to that cheap Italian dressing. It was in my mom's chicken shwarma as well. That's no way to welcome a guest!
Final word, when passing by Kamal's, keep moving!Excellent spot in Reading Terminal Market. 
I ordered the kabob wrap special for lunch and had a chicken kabob wrap, hearty portion of fries, and a soda for $11.50. 
They provided a bag and ketchup to take back to my hotel to avoid the business of the Market. 
Delicious and flavorful.I have been here a few times for the smoothies.  Each time the smoothies have always been OK but this last time, something was VERY off.   I had an allergic reaction right after I started to drink my smoothie.  I remember once before I had asked the worker if it is all fresh fruit and they confirmed that is was but now in hind sight I should have known better.  When you can see them ladling in your liquid"fruit" on the other side of the counter, you know something is up.  They must use some "fruit" concoction and whatever is in it is made my throat swell up.  Luckily I did not have a sever reaction. In all my 30 years I have never had an allergy to food so this is very disconcerting.  Who knows what was in there!  Don't advertise your food as fresh when it's not.  Not cool, people!This Reading Terminal Market smoothie stand leaves much to be desired.
My friend and I stopped by for a couple of smoothies. It's pretty difficult to screw up a blend of fruit and juice, but Kamal's smoothies were mediocre at best. Our Strawberry-Kiwi-Mango smoothie had tartness with a "kick" from the kiwi. The Orange-Guava-Mango didn't taste much like fresh orange or guava. Both smoothies were too thin, but had chunks that got stuck in the straw. Neither drink was sweet enough. Maybe the fruit wasn't ripe?
If I were withering away in a scorched desert, I would gladly drink another. But there are just so many amazing possibilities at RTM, I just don't see the appeal. Stay away.Lots of options for vegetarians.  My personal favorite is the falafel platter.  It's so good!  It tasted warm & fresh when I had it.  The tabouleh was also delicious & I normally don't care for it but I did like theirs.  The service was quick too, even on a Saturday!