The food is very delicious,and people very nice .I will come back . I want to say if you go to there you should try them chicken teriyaki.is amazing.Nice atmosphere still very new looking! Waitress was very kind I wish there was more of an option to get different sushi together...they had like these meals that came with different rolls but it was all like salmon I like to mix things up and I also eat a ton of sushi! I did check on on yelp to get the free edamame which was a sweet plus! Definitely would return again! Everything was fresh nothing tasted old. I was always told that seafood should smell or taste fishy and everything I ate from here didn't have either one of those. Can't wait to go backCame in for pick up (took about 25ish minutes even when I added an extra roll upon arrival). SO fresh and much bigger portions than other cheap sushi places around here. Staff was friendly and welcoming. The place is spotless and super zen inside. I can't wait to go back for many more pick-ups and to dine in. The spicy tuna is fantastic, eel avocado was fresh and flavorful, and the spicy girl is sooooooo good (and very spicy!). I can't believe how cheap this sushi was for how great it tastes-- don't need to go to center city or use uber eats any more for good/fresh sushi!I will start with the decor, it's really nice, brand new and not cheesy like some other sushi spots in the city. The restaurant is on the smaller side but i like that. They probably will be doing more of a take out business anyway.  The staff was great, and very friendly and its a BYOB. The food was super fresh,  well put together and the menu was extensive but not so much that it is confusing. I will absolutely be back as i live close by, my only hope is that it stays consistent and really good.Yum. Me and my fiancé came here for a quick lunch after touring the eagle stadium. We had an hour to kill so we decided to try this sushi place. We were very happy with their service, food, and their seating space. I thought it's funny because the exterior has a sign saying grand opening, but apparently they've opened for a year now. Anyway, this place has such a chill vibe, they are constantly playing jazz music. I love it. As for food, I got three rolls from their lunch special - spicy crunch shrimp roll, spicy tuna, and spicy yellowtail roll. The lunch special was such a good deal, i got three rolls for like $10. My fiancé got three rolls as well, one of the rolls he got was chicken tempura roll, I made fun of it for getting it. However, it was freaking delicious. Very satisfying lunch, I will come back again and maybe try some of their chicken dishes :)I'm a big sushi fan but usually don't feel like the hassle of center city traffic and parking. I was super excited to see a sushi restaurant opening across the street from me, a sushi restaurant within walking distance...say what ! I tried nine different rolls and seaweed salad. It was all delicious. I can see myself ordering from here often.Wow! Awesome ambiance and great new find thanks to sweet Joanne at Zilla!! Enjoyed excellent sushi for the first time in too looooooong. Bravissimi -- aiming to return next time in my hometown!I'm glad I stumbled upon this spot. They have great lunch specials that are well priced. The staff was very attentive and friendly. We had the spicy yellowtail and spicy tuna rolls. Both tasted fresh and had good texture. We also got the Black shoyu ramen, but was not impressed. I guess I can blame myself for getting ramen at a sushi place. I would still come back for a quick sushi lunch!I just visited this new place for the first time yesterday and was very happy with it. I did take out but even though I didn't dine in I could see that the restaurant is very nice and more importantly clean. The gentleman that rang up my order was very friendly. I ordered three rolls spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and the king roll. The fish was fresh and very tasty. And the pieces were a nice size too. The king roll was excellent. Nice size pieces of real lobster(unlike some places that would use imitation). I also think the prices are reasonable. For the three rolls my total came to $23. The price would have probably been double that in some sushi restaurants. All in all I really enjoyed the sushi and I will definitely be going back again.I just visited this new place for the first time yesterday and was very happy with it. I did take out but even though I didn't dine in I could see that the restaurant is very nice and more importantly clean. The gentleman that rang up my order was very friendly. I ordered three rolls spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and the king roll. The fish was fresh and very tasty. And the pieces were a nice size too. The king roll was excellent. Nice size pieces of real lobster(unlike some places that would use imitation). I also think the prices are reasonable. For the three rolls my total came to $23. The price would have probably been double that in some sushi restaurants. All in all I really enjoyed the sushi and I will definitely be going bacNormally somewhere I really love to go. The food is fantastic, and quick walk from my house. Unfortunately, after seeing I didn't pick up my phone for the delivery driver, he drove away without picking his phone back up and as I made it to my front door he refused to pick up the phone. After multiple calls, The restaurant promised to call me back, and didn't, twice. The manager told me there was nothing she could do. Not resend me food, not refund me, pretty much sorry our driver didn't pick up. Hopefully his foot gets stuck in a door & gets to read this. Congratulations on being a delivery driver.Decided to try this place after noticing it next to the drive through Dunkin.  We LOVED everything!! Tried sushi, fried rice combo, soft shell crab app. Service was great, prices were reasonable. BYOB, will be back!!Stopped for quick lunch as we were staying near the airport. Food was great, but the service was exceptional. The staff were very kind and friendly. The restaurant is very clean with a simple/mellow ambiance.I have been here four times already since it opened. I live nearby, this is the closest Asian cuisine to my house. My favorite is dancing kani, seafood combo teriyaki. See myself will come here very often because I would rather invest to my neighborhood business instead of chain.Great sushi, great ramen, perfect service! I love gping to Kasumi Sushi! I've been looking for a restaurant that served great Ramen a d I've finally found it! 
And I love that its 5 minutes from my apartment!Awesome lunch specials! I had the  Teriyaki Salmon Bento Box! Everything was fresh and full of flavor! Great deal for around 20 bucks!In the mood for sushi and looking to try out a new place sums up how I made my way to Kasumi Sushi. The space was very clean and warm. I can honestly say I felt welcomed upon entering and the staff was very attentive. The crowd consisted of myself and a friend and 4 others. It was not busy so I cannot report on how long the food would take. 
The food we ordered was very flavorful and delicious. With that being said, I am not a huge fan of tempura fried foods. I will pass on them for the next venture--I do plan for another visit. 
The rolls were prepared well and the selection was good. I was impressed with the price and quality of the food! Good sushi that does not break the bank in Philly can be a little hard to find. 
I recommend visiting, as I cannot imagine it will be disappointing.Great sushi, good prices and great location! I live close to it, we needed something like this!Waited too long for a pick up and resulted in customer complaint. Understaffed and needs to hire more people to attend the FOH and BOH.We get coffee at the Dunkin' next door from time to time. The last time we noticed there was a sushi place there. My fiancé looked on Yelp and we were surprised to see 4+ stars. So, we both agreed we needed to try it. Went there for lunch the next day. Doesn't look like much from the outside. Not a big space inside, but nice and clean. We really enjoyed everything we got. We'll definitely be going back. Next time with a bottle of wine (as it's a BYOB). We're pretty excited to have a quality BYOB Sushi place so close.Service and food were great. The server was quick and accurate. Ordered holiday roll and mango tango signature rolls. Would definitely get again.
Only knock would be outside their control. While dining in an obnoxious guy either a grubhub driver or carryout customer stood in the middle of the otherwise quiet dining area speaking on his phone in speaker mode and worse yet in a language with a lot of yuck sounding sounds while I was trying to eat. He was rather inconsiderateSushi is not good. Salmon is very salty. Clean place but did not care for the sushi very much. Won't be back.The food was great but customer service was horrible. Called to place my order and the lady was rude over the phone. When I got there to pick up my order she threw it. Gave this place another chance on Sunday. Same girl that answered the phone and took my order. I didn't hear what she said when she asked for my side then I asked her to repeat her question and she yelled at me and goes "SOUP OR SALAD".I'm not one to write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so based on our experience at Kasumi.  My family of 6 has been a loyal take-out customer of Kasumi since it opened its doors.  Since we enjoy the food so much we decided to take everyone there for Valentine's Day.  We were one of the first groups at the restaurant. We ordered our food with no issues.  Shortly after, the miso soups and salads arrived.  One of my sons received his salad which came with the dinner he ordered.  When it was time for the main course, the entrees came out as they were ready (e.g. Chickie's and Pete's style, which we hate).  My youngest son received his meal 5 minutes before anyone else.  Two of the same entrees came out next, we ordered 3 and were told the next one was coming.  About 5 minutes later my oldest son's entrée came out.  At this point the restaurant was at capacity and also taking take-out orders. After 10 more minutes passed I told my wife to please eat her entrée.  Fortunately, our sushi tray eventually made its way to us; however, 2 of the 6 entrees never did.  Ironically enough, one entrée that did not find our table was the one where my son received his salad, but yet there was no record of him ordering an entrée.  When asked if we needed anything else we mentioned having all of our dinners would be lovely.
At this point we simply asked for the bill so we can leave and go get my son dinner elsewhere.  Prior to the bill coming, but after having the conversation of missing food we were then asked if we wanted dessert.  Why would I want dessert when 2 family member did not even eat at that point?  They were clearly overwhelmed with the Valentine's eat-in and take-out crowd, but the priority clearly seemed to be on the take-out.  We received our bill, which of course was not credited with anything for our inconvenience.  For the sake of arguing on Valentine's Day, we paid the full bill (at least it didn't have the 2 dinners that never arrived) and left.
We will certainly never eat at Kasumi again and that includes take-out.  Service was slow and customer service was horrific. If you're overwhelmed, have a plan for holidays or hire more people.  Perhaps also focus on the customers in the store and have someone else run the take-out portion.  This was truly disappointing for a Valentine's Day dinner with the kids.  My wife and I get to go out for another dinner, but my poor son was forced to go home and eat leftovers from the fridge. Thanks for nothing Kasumi.High quality sushi. Larger than normal portions. Great atmosphere. A pleasant surprise.In my line of work I travel all over the US, this place by FAR has the BEST sashimi and Sushi that I have ever had, my favorite is the Tuna Maguro and Sake Salmon, also white fin tuna, it's unbelievably fresh!!!Great food. I came here with my coworkers for our company bimonthly dinner. I was treated by my manager.  I had ramen, I like it less salty. And they make it just right for me. I also had many different kinds of sushi. Since I was breastfeeding, I didn't eat anything raw. I also had fried ice cream and two different kind of mochi ice cream, red bean and green tea. Great services. Food came out fast too. Recommend for group or date.Ordered the lucky roll and the eel/avocado roll. Portions kinda small for the price, but the seafood was fresh and hit the spot. The tempura shrimp in the lucky roll was also not soggy. Overall, great given the covid situation and thankful to have found a solid sushi delivery!As a person who loves sushi and has been eating it for over 20 years, I am very picky and particular about my sushi and the sushi restaurants I will go to.  When I find a sushi house I am pleased with I usually won"t and dont try new houses.  I was invited to Kusami Sushi a few nights ago, and did have to think about if I should go, (I already have my 2 fav spots) but I accepted.  Glad I did.  I must say South Philly now has a hidden gem in Kusami Sushi.  It's a BYOB, we brought a few Japanese beers with us and ordered a few appetizers.  Edamame and seaweed salad was fresh, delishish.  The ginger dressing on my sister's garden salad was very tasty and refreshing.  Her dinner and brother in law's dinner came out hot, and servings were generous. I was there for sushi...for me the true test is with the sushi.  I ordered 3 rolls and they were delish! That fish was fresh...and that's important.  Spicy tuna..mmmm, dancing eel fantastic.  All I can say is I will go back with a crew next time.  This sushi house is very clean, the servers are very friendly, and Benny the sushi chef, works his magic on the rolls.  We will be going back wirh a nice Sake next time. It"s a must try!We're happy to welcome a new sushi spot to South Philly. Not only is it delicious and a lovely addition to this section of the city, there's a parking lot! Woo hoo! 
This spot is way down deep in South Philly. It actually makes a great quicker option before or after an event at the stadiums or a trip to FDR Park nearby. 
The hospitality was fantastic and the food was ready quite promptly. 
Kiddos loved simple avocado rolls (no peanuts here for allergy reasons) and basic California and veggie roll options. They also really appreciated the Shirley Temples and were tempted by the Japanese sodas, which included melon and lychee flavors! 
The Champion roll done naruto style (cucumber wrap) was fresh and well loved, as was the spicy tempura rock shrimp, which were huge pieces, not bits. 
We enjoyed our FREE edamame with Yelp check-in. Spring rolls are the other option for the complimentary treat. 
Prices were fair and we loved seeing ramen, as well as fried rice, tempura and noodle dishes with your choice of seafood, salmon, veggies or meats. 
We'll definitely be back! 
BYOB.I've never been to the restaurant, but this place has been doing a great job satisfying my sushi cravings during Covid. I've ordered delivery from them a bunch and it's been great every time, highly recommend!Easily some of the best sushi I have had in my life. After trying countless sushi places all over the east coast, I still haven't found a place that matches the quality/pricing of Kasumi. Their lunch specials are amazing, definitely recommend!Was in Philly for a week and we decided to try this place because it was new and we wanted to support them. Also the reviews I read were good. Man what an little gem of a place!  The prices are very reasonable and service was excellent. We had the Sushi sashimi combo. Yummy. The fish was generously sized and tasted fresh.  We also tried the traditional Salmon roll - wow! The amount of rice was just perfect - not overpowering like in some other places we tried. Also had the Sweetheart roll - what a nice presentation. The cut and presented roll actually looked like a series of hearts - what a delight!  Last but not least the tea was an infused mix of green tea with brown rice - nutty and flavorful. We will definitely seek this place out again if we are in Philly.This is a new place with a "Grand Opening" sign outside.  The staff was friendly.  The food was delicious!  Sushi was fresh and tasty.  Highly recommend you give them a try!!Food is good and the service is great. Clean environment and welcoming atmosphere. I've been about 3 times and haven't been disappointed yet!!This place has quickly become me and my wife favorite new Sushi spot. They have a wonderful staff and wonderful food. Particularly me and my wife love their sweet potato roll and there sushi pizza. 
All the other food is great too. The atmosphere is elegant and chill. 
@producerbenford and @jam.fordI want to support, and enjoy new local businesses, but I won't be returning to Kasumi any time in the near future. 
Let's start with the good parts. The space is clean. It definitely looks like a post-Ramsey expression, with french blues and wood tones matching each other nicely. The mass produced art on the wall is themed to match the restaurant, and light jazz calms the nerves. The staff are friendly, and attentive, and seem to be genuinely trying to provide good service. 
Why are we down in two star land? The sushi...or at least the sushi I ate...was among the worst I've had. I'm not sure what I expected for an $11 lunch special, but each component of every roll was exceptionally dry, which created a unique - almost crunchy - roll. The rice didn't have enough vinegar. The nori (seaweed) had a crunchy snap to it, and the rolls themselves were mainly "crunch", not fish. I muscled through a few bites, and decided to just grab the check, rather than continuing this war of attrition. 
I guess two things are still true. South Philly is not a sushi mecca, and ya get what ya pay for.Wandered in before a show at Wells Fargo. Great spot, great service, food was on point. It will be my new pre-show spot when I'm gigging at the Arena.My girlfriend and I was around the area and we decided we wanted to get some sushi to satisfy our cravings. Found this local spot that apparently opened up very recently. The aesthetics of the interior is well designed and from the front, you couldn't really see in which I thought was kinda weird. Nevertheless, our server was very attentive and made sure we were satisfied at all times. The prices were really reasonable and that's definitely a plus. We ordered a Boston Roll and an order of one of the signature rolls called the "Dancing Eel Roll." Both of these were delicious! I would definitely recommend getting the Dancing Eel roll due to its amazing flavor and well sculptured roll. The Boston Roll was more along the lines of the cheaper section, still really good, but will definitely need to try out the other signature rolls on our next visit!I order take out from there every week and yesterday was my last time. This place has terrible customer service. I ordered food for takeout and when I went to pick up the order I noticed that they made it incorrectly. I told them about the mistake and the owner argued with me saying that I didn't tell her that was how I wanted the order. How are you going to argue with the customer about their order and make it a big issue? Well I won't be ordering from there anymore.I tried this place early on a Monday afternoon because I had some time to kill before my flight out of Philly. The restaurant itself is new: very clean and very nicely decorated. It has a very open, airy feeling about it though the space itself isn't very large. Servers and other staff were very friendly. I ordered the lunch special; three traditional rolls for $10.95 (great deal by the way) with miso soup. Typically, you can't go wrong with miso soup. However, something just tasted off about it; I don't think it was very fresh. I ordered the shrimp tempura,  the spicy crunchy shrimp roll and the sweet potato roll. Overall, the rolls were okay. I would give them a 6 on a 1-10 scale. In my opinion, the spicy crunchy shrimp roll was the best. The shrimp tempura roll wasn't rolled very tightly and the avocado wasn't fresh. I would not recommend.1st timer and can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious! Started with the beef negimaki and pepper tuna tataki apps which were so tasty! followed by (too many) rolls: Philadelphia, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, futomaki, crawfish salad, & nanuto. I almost wish all rolls came wrapped in cucumber vs rice and seaweed so I wouldn't get stuffed so fast. Looking forward to delivery starting up in a few mos.Deeeeeelicious. Totally unassuming in a small food plaza with Dunkin. Fresh bites and many to choose from! Roll combos I have never seen and they have good seaweed salad. Def a point of freshness for me is how they do seaweed salad. Fast but not weirdly fast and seriously fresh. Why else eat sushi!!Used to frequent the restaurant. I usually do takeout, so this my review for it. Sushi quality may not be the best but it's worth the price. The ramen isn't bad either, would recommend it. However, the miso soup definitely tastes odd. For those expecting the highest quality of sushi in Philadelphia from this restaurant, it's better to manage your expectations as the price is quite cheap. The service is also good, but that may vary by which server... however, most of them are very kind.Very good lunch specials. I came in at 3pm and just barely made the cut off time. I got the sushi lunch special for $10.95 with salad. Also got the red bean ice cream. Everything was delicious and fresh. Clean and newly built restaurant with nice atmosphere!Very very good sushi place. Quiet, good quality sushi / sashimi and large portions.  I had the sushi and sashimi combo and it was great.  Good service as well!Found this place while looking to satisfy a sushi craving without traveling far. If I lived in Queen Village, my neighborhood spot would've been Royal Izakaya, but alas! 
Ordered a handful of times during the pandemic, but was hesitant to try the chirashi until today. It was pretty good and the fish assortment fell along the price point. I was looking for a picture of this dish before ordering, but glad I took a chance. Posting a picture in case someone else is interested.Before Kasumi came along, "fresh fish" and "sushi" in South Philly are not terms that go together. Even so, I happened to be in the area and ya know, when ya gotta craving it has gotta be satisfied! Turned on google maps and looked for a sushi place. Always knew this strip was the brand spanking shiny addition to the area but did not realize it contained this hidden gem. Was only expecting mediocre gas station food and mentally prepped myself to get sick but when I opened my little boxes of food, I was pleasantly surprised at the freshness and quality.
First up came the sashimi sampler. Again, was expecting just thin slices of fish(South Philly remember?) but it came with 5 robust pieces of sushi. And all the fish were fresh! 5 pieces is just enough to wet the palette.  
Next was the main attraction-the spider roll- it was nice and filling, had the satisfying taste of a fried soft shell crab and the sweet umami glaze.Good soup :) jk price is good, salad is good, sushi taste like wut it suppose to if that make sense :)We recently tried dinner from Grubhub and I have to say it was delicious!  The chicken teriyaki was real chicken breast with amazing sauce and the volcano roll was so good!   We will be ordering again soon !This spot followed all safety precautions. Service was okay. Food was pretty good. Honestly it didn't wow me but it wasn't bad at all.Excellent! I love the spicy shrimp roll.. place is immaculately clean and the food is perfectionGreat place for sushi takeout! We ordered takeout and their salmon and tuna are fresh, their rolls are well done! Found our new sushi spot that's in neighborhood!  That's what I call a double win!This looks like a typical strip mall Japanese establishment. It is, but they offer quite a value for the price and quality. I typically get their 3 roll special which is ample food and quite filling.Super convenient and fast for takeout. The 3-roll lunch special for $10.95 is a great deal. The quality of sushi is pretty decent; can't complain!Bestie and I had a rare Sunday afternoon together and sushi was on both our minds! We'd seen the Grand Opening sign as well as the fabulous reviews and Kasumi did not disappoint. The seafood soup was generously portioned and delightful - plenty of seafood and vegetables in a light broth. We also ordered the three Classic Roll special along with Rainbow Roll and the Kasumi Roll. All was fresh! Fresh! Fresh! The special rolls need to be tighter as some opened but no matter -they'll get the rolls perfected for sure! There's wonderful free parking in front and it's BYOB! What more could you want? ;)