Great restaurant with beautiful views.  Perfect end to a great day and awesome concert! We got back to the hotel 10 minutes before the kitchen closed, but we were still able to order.  Service was a little slow after we received our food, but that was a small price to pay for a gorgeous night!Only came because I got a voucher off travel zoo. But their food is seriously mediocre. Overly prized and the food literally sucks. Should've went to Applebee's. The staff was very nice, is not their fault the food sucks. Improve the darn menu!! This is literally prime real estateWe absolutely love this place from the water to the shrimp! My boyfriend is obsessed with the calamari here. Whenever we visit our families in D.C , Jersey or Philly we make a point to come here. I think the lunch menu is better as they have more variety in food and prices seem more reasonable. With the appetizers you definitely get the bank for your buck!
I had the aui tuna and it was so light and delicious! The sauce it comes with is superb!
The calamari is seasoned well and they give you so much it can almost be a meal itself. They give this great orange sauce that I like to dip almost anything in. 
My brother in law ordered crab cakes and him and his wife thought this was the best crab cakes they ever had in there life. And they've lived all over the world being in the military so that says a lot.
Personally I enjoy the presentation in the dishes, proportions and the seasonings. 
Ambiance is intimate, grown and sexy. Definitely a place for couples , dates, or solo . They have awesome views from the tables next to the y'all windows.
Service is good! Everyone is helpful and have plenty of manners.
Can be a bit pricey however the quality of food is sooooooo worth it.Disappointing! All fancy look but menu and food sucks!!! I would say eat from the other "container" food venues and spend 20-30% less! Food looks old and dry (flat bread and salmon). Service is also disappointingThe service at the bar was very nice. The bartender was attentive and very sweet. That's the reason for 2 stars instead of just one. 
We were sat at our tables and had to wait 10 minutes before someone came close enough to stop and ask for a menu.  
They gave us one menu despite there being two of us. And no one ever came back for at least 35 minutes . We just finished the wine we got at the bar and left.I realize the Rope and Anchor is in its starting stages, and just wanted to give some constructive advice.  Wipe your bar top down on a regular  basis, so it shines!  We went in yesterday and that was the first thing I noticed.  Glaringly bad!  Rings and marks, etc. all over.  For a Hilton property, I expect more.  I did like how the bar was now situated with more of a water view than the previous set-up.   We all ordered Bloody Mary's.  They were acceptable, nothing to brag about, though.  It doesn't take much to really put a spin in a Bloody Mary and amp it up a bit with a celery stalk, a shrimp, a piece of bacon, etc.  It was average, and a little too sweet.  Slow service, too., and the bar was not crowded.  Previously, we've enjoyed  Keatings, which was the bar before the recent renovation. The bartender, an older gentlemen, was a true mixologist, who made some of the best drinks around.  I got the impression that the bartender on duty yesterday was rather inexperienced.   We left after the Bloody Mary's and proceeded to The Moshulu for much better service, ambience, view, and experienced bartenders.I had the best customer service from Jeff and Keith who are the Manager's of this fine facility.  It was a pleasure to dine at Rope and Anchor because of their immediate attention and going above and beyond for their guests. The meal was amazing, presentation was superb, and they did this with a short turn around time. I highly recommend coming here to eat and be in the presence of a great view, exceptional staff, and Manager's that truly care.We decided to go here a few times during our visit due to some logistical conveniences. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner here and I am torn on the quality. 
Breakfast can be either buffet style or a la carte. Each morning we decided to do the buffet. $20. The food is constantly loaded or replaced, which is a good sign. They have an omelet station which I recommend to get your eggs there because the ones they have in bulk are powdered. 
Lunch and dinner share the same menu. Their salads are expensive if you add a crab cake...like $25...sheesh! 
THE SMOKESTACK - American rye barbeque bourbon grilled chicken, apple wood smoked bacon, Bermuda red onion, golden pineapple, chili flake (average). It's no Jersey pizza. 
CHEESESTEAK LANDING EGGROLLS - shaved steak, green bell pepper, caramelized onion, provolone, Yard's cheddar ale, roasted tomato coulis (ok but very flaky and temp hot!)
FORK AND KNIFE BURGER - angus patty, Yard's cheddar ale, crispy
onion, mixed green, shredded carrot, grape tomato, chenin blanc (small patty but a somewhat healthy option)
FISHERMAN'S CLAM CHOWDER - smoked pancetta, Idaho potato, leeks,
black peppercorn, old bay seasoning, apple smoked bacon (not very good, wouldn't recommend)
Service was either really good or non existent. They have outside seating as well and some nights there is a performer. Prices are high!Following a Sunday Afternoon visit to the Independence Seaport Museum, my wife and I were ready for lunch. Our original plans included leaving the seaport to find lunch. While walking to see other boats along the waterfront, we passed the Penn's Landing Hilton Hotel adjacent to the museum. We walked in and then found Keating's Rope & Anchor restaurant which turned out to be a great find!
We were seated alongside windows that looked out onto the river. The dining room tables were placed with more than ample room between them. Our server appeared quickly and helped us with our choices. We were very impressed with their menu; our food was delivered quickly and was delicious! Rope & Anchor succeeded in delivering great tasting food that exceeded all of our expectations.
When in the area, or, visiting the Seaport Museum, Keating's Rope & Anchor should be on your list for either lunch or dinner. Also, we were quite pleased with the value when compared to other places we had planned to dine at.Renovation and outdoor deck was why I decided to try it out again.
Had to sit inside bc the outside was packed.
Service was AWFUL. Food was fair. Service was Awful! Drinks were ok. Not worth the price.Watch your credit card bill !!! I stayed at the Hilton here Sunday 8/7-8/10 on my last day here on 8/10 I went to Keating's my take out order came to $31.27 I payed using my credit card I tipped the waiter $2.00 cash for my take out order when I signed my receipt I wrote $31.27. No tip when I got home I looked at my credit card statement on line my bill from Keating's said $41.27 the waiter added a $10 tip to the order I called the restaurant they sent me 3 times to the mangers voice mail I have not received a return phone call at all. Btw I ordered the same order 2 days in a row the first day my bill was $26.47 2nd day was $31.27 but waiter ripped me off for $10 on top of it for below average foodThe oak plank salmon was the best cooked salmon fish I had for a while. The skin was crunchy and full of flavor. The meat tender and juicy. The other entree of chicken and shrimp was done just right also. Chicken a bit crispy outside but still very tender inside. The shrimp was flavorful and succulent. Kudos to the cooks for a fabulous meal.Came for dinner had cheddar burger and it was beyond good!  My wife had salmon BLT she loved everything about it. The French fries were so hot had to let sit few minutes nothing better then hot fries. Never had to wait for a drink. The view of the Delaware river was priceless. The service was first class. Are waiter Hasan was so nice fast and efficient had a smile the entire time made us feel very welcomed! We highly recommend rope and anchor will come back again great food great service reasonable pricesWalk the extra 10 minutes to another place.  Our feet hurt and we want wanted to be close to the ferry (going to a show tonight) but really walk!!  This place should be called "nope & anchor". TERRIBLE service   We waited for a table outside and our waitress literally came by us 3 times during the entire dinner. Food was ok which is its only saving grace. From 1 star to 2.  Stuffed mushroom was the same crab mix that the crab cake was made of.  Burger was delishIt's overpriced, but what you get is pretty solid. 
Understand that Rope and Anchor caters to a captive audience in the Hilton hotel it's attached to, so generally everything is more expensive than you'd pay otherwise. 
I ordered a soda, Gin and Tonic, Cheesesteak Eggrolls, and Fish n' Chips. The Eggrolls are 3 full eggrolls split in half, which is more than I needed by myself. I'm not going to say they're particularly great cheesesteaks by Philadelphia's standards, but they're still pretty tasty and a good nommable snack. 
The Fish and Chips were three large portions of heavily breaded fish along with a good sized serving of fries. Having eaten 3 eggrolls just before, I admittedly didn't eat much of the fries. But the fish is fresh, flaky, and paired well with tartar sauce. 
Total damages, including the drink, and including tip, came out to 53 dollars, which is a LOT all things considered. I don't think anything was particularly amazing, and yeah, I think most folks would balk at the price tag (The fish and chips was one of their cheaper entrees), but if that's not a deal breaker, I think there's enough quality to justify a trip here.I took my wife here for her birthday.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  It's basically the renovated bar/restaurant from the Hilton Hotel.  
But, it's not a dive bar, or anything close.  
I'm not sure if the food it "elevated", or "uppity".  Either way, it was good.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it, otherwise that might impact my score.
The food looks amazing, and they throw a few sprinkles in, like truffles, etc.  The Cinnamon Fried Ice Cream was on another level.  But, I'm just torn trying to decide if this is "fancy" place, or a "family restaurant".  I was dressed up, but I still had French Fries...
You can enjoy it, and you should enjoy it...I did...Grill cheese was burnt.  Scallops were overcooked. Shrimp was very undercooked (despite the restaurant being nearly empty). Salads were decent. Friendly waitstaff, but would not recommend.I really wanted to like this restaurant as it is a great location overlooking the water. Unfortunately the service was just really not good. Had to ask multiple times for water refills, server never came to check on us. The only time we spoke with the server was when we ordered our food and got our check. Couldn't find the server to order another round of drinks so we left to get drinks and dessert elsewhere after we could finally get our bill. Food was salty and oily. Live music was a nice though on a Friday evening though.Warm and cozy feeling with great views. Our server Andreu was beyond awesome. Super friendly , informative , and good at checking on us. Food was delicious, from beginning to end. I had a delicious salad with goat cheese fritters and candy nuts and my mom had a caesar. Both were amazing. I had the sesame crusted tuna to start. And for entrees we had the filet and the salmon, which were perfect. The sides were super flavorful and everything came out perfectly cooked. 4/5 because entree took a tad long to come out . Everything else wAs perfect.Our server was super attentive and welcoming was the hostess. Although, we only had a couple beers, a lemonade by the waterfront (mixed cocktail), and a butcher flatbread. We really did enjoy our time here. The flatbread was actually one of the best I have ever had. Very crispy and fill of flavor. I didn't give it five stars because it looks like a very fancy place but is a little
Lackluster.Located in the Hilton Hotel at Penn's Landing (Spruce Street Harbor Park), it is a nice spot for a quick bite and drink.  We were there for the Harbor Street Festival on July 12th, 2016 and decided to step in for a late lunch and drink :-)  The personnel is quite nice and attentive.
I ordered the White Sangria and the Shrimp Tacos which were very filling and tasty.  They were served with a good helping of fries which wasn't over the top that you felt full.  
We were there during a time of day, and on a week day which made it not super busy, but given the festival outside on the harbour, the patio was a bit busier than inside.  The view is very nice if you are seated closer to the windows, this being said, the restaurant is not so big that you don't have a bit of a view no matter where you are seated.
If we are ever back in this area, we will stop in again for a drink and bit to eat :-)Came here with a party of 6. Steak was ordered medium, received medium rare. Fish and chips were over cooked, fries were a mix between stale and fresh batch, lobster ravioli was cold. Salad was the only thing that looked delicious. The lobster tail was served cold, oh and they have no melted butter for the tail. Definitely do not recommend this place. Our waitress was okay. But besides that, nothing here to enjoy besides the overlooking water view in Penns Landing.The kids menu is affordable and with decent selection. I had a Philly cheesesteak which I thought was better than Jim's steak but then I also had very low opinion of Jim's steak with its extremely bland and unseasoned taste.
Wife had a Cesar salad, it's reasonable pricing even though it's a restaurant inside the hotel with nice pier side view.Ahhh, another poor review for this service wasteland. The ONLY reason I'm giving this place a 2nd chance opportunity was a plea from an onsite corporate person named Joanne C. To "make this right" , to give them another try... The ONLY reason I'm giving them 1 MORE STAR is their barkeep "James", who had to do the work of three people. 
The saga..: we arrived wanting be seated on the outside part of the restaurant. The hostess, blithely seated us outside...and left us there for 15 minutes. Apparently they had a dispute among the hostess/waiters who's outside station we were in...only after the busboy was asked to find our waiter ... 5 minutes later our waiter came over - we decided to move inside ...again a debate over who would serve a table by the bar-we lost...because no one ever came. 
We decided to move to the bar...as had everyone else- cause "James" was doing everyone else's work. Managers, other waiters, would come strolling by and casually throw him a service bone...but only till it got unbearably uncomfortable did one the "managers" deign to help. 
On the plus side, the food was good and James was incredible. Lee Segal, the food manager on duty, was the "co-watcher" of this Hilton service saga. I leave this to your imagination what Joanne C. and the hotel responder, Lori W.  from the prior review will respond too this review, but my mind is pretty much ingrained by the night crew's actions. Poor (except for James, the barkeep, who deserves a raise!) avoid this place at night!!!! Unless James and the bar crew are working... They hold the place up!Terrible experience. First, we called to push back our reservation of 6 adults 2 children earlier in the day and they never changed the reservation and marked us as no show. They helped fix the problem once we got there and got us seated. Food was bad. Ravioli was cold, lobster tail was cold (get this, they serve no melted butter at this place even when we asked!), steak was rare instead of medium rare, fish and chips were overcooked, kids meals looked less than desired. Service was so slow!! It took us forever to get out of there. Lastly, they told us over the phone we could buy cake for my cousin since it was her birthday dinner. Once we got there, they told us they have no cake. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.Loved it!! Host was very kind and sat us at a table with a view. Service was awesome and the food was delicious. Could not have been better!I made a reservation for the outside seating on a Friday night. It started to rain on my way there of course, so my boyfriend and I were seated inside. It was entirely too bright and well lit inside to enjoy the dinner date. I felt like I was under spotlights. It is partially my fault because I didn't realize it was actually the Hotel bar/restaurant...
But! The service from Mark was great and the food was pretty good as well. We had the shrimp app as well as the cheese-steak eggrolls, the lobster gnocchi, and cheesecake and chocolate cake. We enjoyed the $35 weekend special (app, entree, and dessert) but the lighting and the inside ambiance left me underwhelmed. :/ We have had better date nights for the price elsewhere.Avoid if you can. The service was pleasant, and view of the water is nice, but the food was mediocre at best and horrible at worst. The burger in the burger salad was of low quality, and the cheese was the worst cheese I've ever eaten. My wife's Margherita pizza was also bad; it tasted like a pizza bagel you would make at home. The S'mores Cake dessert sounded good, but it was mediocre. You don't expect five-star dining at hotel restaurants, but moderately good food is a reasonable expectation. This restaurant did not meet it.Food and service were very good. I had the crab cake and philly cheese egg rolls. All excellent . Went for Sunday brunch. Bloody Mary's and mimosas were $5.00
The view from the patio was beautiful. A little pricey; 2 drinks, 2 appetizers and soup were $80.00I've eaten here over 20 different times.  It's always very good.  And the service is always very good too.  Seating overlooks the water / Delaware.  Great ambiance.  Outside seating is cool too for a drink with your girlfriend.Sat for an hour wait for a table, wasn't even approached to order although servers were happy to take our glasses after we finished our water as a desperate signal to please have someone come take our order. We even flagged down a server, and very apologetically asked if someone could come over. Waited 20 more minutes before leaving. Won't be back.Great outdoor seating on the water with views of the Delaware and BB62. Attached to the Hilton which is a pretty nice Hilton. 5.5 domestic drafts is on par with everywhere else. It is a nice escape with peace and quite and a nice view.Dined at Rope and Anchor with 2 dining companions mid-afternoon (2:30) during a slow period between lunch and dinner. Server was pleasant but slow and we appeared to be his only table. Initially we were told we could not order sodas because the machine was down. Ultimately he did come up with 2 cans of Pepsi for us. The food was okay, but a little greasy - more like pub fare than a full-service restaurant. We ordered a salmon entree and fish & chips entree, another meal and appetizer. Everything was just okay. Except the air conditioning duct that leaked on my head and down back throughout the meal! Then, we couldn't check out because the credit card machine wasn't working. At this price (high) I'd recommend dining elsewhere.Mediocre. Not the freshest or best ingredients used. Food definitely looks better than it tastes.stayed at this Hilton Penn's landing when morning comes, my husband & I were looking for a walking distance good restaurant to eat, after got out elevator, we accidentally went in to this buffet brunch place from the side door, the casher lady was very friendly after I told her about what happened, she quickly find us a table, great chef, wonderful food, many kinds to choice, services people are all professional and nice with the river view in front, so happy we dine here, yes, we shall recommended this restaurant.Very disappointed. Me and Bekki were looking for a casual cocktail and snack on the riverfront. This is not the place. Wait at the bar and at table was absurdly, borderline offensively long. I can understand that such a place is busy and they may be short staffed. However, staff would actively avoid us and refuse to give us attention or even updates on whether our food and drinks were ready. Atmosphere was bland. I would not return. Sub mediocre place overall and disappointing. It could be better.I'll do this place a favor and start with the good stuff. As can be seen from the walk along the river, the outdoor patio is fantastic. Unobstructed views, great shading, and the outdoor furniture was nice, which can be a commodity because lots of places have flimsy outdoor patio furniture. The food we had was a little more pricy than your average, probably should have a 3 "$" price on Yelp, however with this said the food was very good. Even the wings, which at a hotel restaurant I've often experienced to be horrible, were quite good.
On to the parts that lost the three of five stars for me. Worst thing of the whole meal was the carafe of sangria we had. I hate to be blunt but it tasted like crap. Straight crap. Worst "sangria" I've had in my life. Didn't even bother finishing the carafe and I never ever leave alcohol to waste. Secondly, the service was definitely far from the best. Our waiter seemed to be hustling around but it took forever to get our food. The place really wasn't even that busy, plenty of open tables. We didn't even get the sangria till after the apps and meals came out, which is really unacceptable, especially in a Hilton restaurant. If I was looking for a draft beer (because it's impossible to screw that one up) and want to sit out here, I would come back but otherwise don't bother.My experience here was not great. The waitress was obviously flustered, that didnt bother me because im also a waitress so I understand how easy it is to get overwhelmed and it looked like she had a lot of tables. Later our food took a while and when it came out it was cold. The manager was there and he noticed we didnt have our food yet and apologized for the wait but he didnt come check in with us after we got our food or before we paid which i thought was not very good management. We heard the manager talking to the waitress for a few seconds right in front of us which also isnt a good thing for customers to see. There seemed to be some miscommunication which was the whole problem. The manager thought our waitress was bringing out the food while the waitress thought someone else would. Who knows. The view was pretty and our waters were kept filled so thats a good thing at least. I dont recommend it to anyone though. Definitely just get food somewhere elseCame here for my birthday.  Have been to my fair share of restaurants over the years, but have never had a waitress that was so wonderful and accommodating.  Maddie deserves the recognition for going above and beyond in the hospitality business.  She truly is a genuine person that makes every attempt possible to ensure you are happy with your entire dining experience.  She is by far the nicest waitress/waiter I have ever had and I hope management is aware of what a hard worker she is  (which is not easy to find these days).  Hats off to Maddie.  Thank you for everything!!The Rope & Anchor is very good, but be prepared to pay tourist prices. The food was very good. I got the Tuna Tartare for an appetizer, recommended by the server, and the Oak Plank Salmon over Orzo. Both were excellent choices and lighter fare, which is what I was looking for.Came here on Saturday night for a birthday dinner. It took  FOREVER for our food to come and it was cold! I had the fork and knife burger. It tasted like a bland beef patty from Walmart with barely melted cheese on top and a sad looking side salad. This wasn't hardly worth the money -- plus the burger was cold inside! The calamari was so tiny I didn't realize what it was and it was overcooked. Thank goodness the party was lively and distracted me from the bad meal. First and last time here...Lunch buffet was a good deal with a variety of tasty options. Service was a little slow. No baby changing table in the restroom which was disappointing.I've dined at Keatings Rope & Anchor restaurant in the past, but was not impressed with anything, especially the service. It was not a place I considered returning to.  Since I was in Philadelphia with a friend for the day, I figured I would give it another shot and she may enjoy it. At first I thought to myself that I made a mistake by choosing to go there again. The server that greeted us didn't come back to our table at all, although I ordered a bottle of water. About 15 minutes later, another server named Maddie come over and and said she would be taking care of us. It was obvious that the place was busy and everyone was running around, yet she still took the time to make us feel important by being friendly, courteous and attentive. She was even helping people around her, cleaning tables, and talking to other guests. Maddie, this review is for you! You are amazing at what you do and certainly know how to give more than exceptional service!!! We will definitely be back to see you.Always a good time and great service.  Alex, James and Mac go out of their way to make everyone comfortable and feel at home.  Food is always good and atmosphere is friendly.  A nice find when from out of town.Decided to stop in for the advertised "Five dollar Labor Day"  drink specials that were posted on face book. Straight away we were told they didnt have that special.Our bartender went to ask the manager.Welp she was also unaware!I I showed the post to the two of them at that point.At the same time there are two other patrons at the bar informing their bartender of the same special.He was not informed either and had charged them the regular price! Ordered a few apps,after all the drinks were five dollars.After one round of these drinks we were told the machine that makes the drinks was shut down.They would no longer be able to offer the drinks.There were three drinks offered.To start they only had two of those that could be sold.Because the machine to make the missing one was also down!! Ridiculous! 
Overall our bartender was pleasant.I feel our waiter had an attitude because we only ordered apps. We tipped in spite of.Its a nice restaurant from what I tried to gather. But not sure if I could muster the energy to visit again.And based on the experience they wouldn't be aware of it anyway!Great spot.  Nice harbor view.  Terrific menu, especially the salmon.  My server was Angela Predoux.....so great!  Memorable dinner!
I'll be back.
JIm a business traveler, and while staying on property, the restaurant was convenient as i was working late in my room. For what it is, i was unimpressed, and disappointed with this experience. The only thing that was decent was the chowder.- and even that was just above luke-warm when it came out. The scallops and shrimp was supposed to come with risotto, it came with what I can only assume was microwaved rice, and then they covered the whole thing in a heavy, heavy hand of parsley. Overall it had no flavor profile at all-except grassy parsley. Was just stuff on a plate, covered in parsley. 
Based on this experience i would not recommend for dining. The atmosphere was nice, so if you went to sit at the bar, would probably be fine, but definitely would not recommend eating a main course there or planning an evening, or to those staying onsite. 
Service was okay. Was not busy but felt like a bother to the waiter. The hostess was nice and pleasant, and greeted me promptly. 
Overall 2/5 from me. There are far better places around this area that I will be going to instead, upon my next visit.Amazing food and service! Highly recommend the calamari, steak empanadas, the filet and the LOBSTER ravioli!!! For dessert the cheesecake and the chocolate cake were great as well. Server was amazing as well. Overall 10/10!! Can't wait to come back :)Worst place I've been to in a while. I wish could give it negative stars.
It took about 30 minutes for someone to attend to our table. The entire staff just kept passing by us without paying us any mind. 
Once we got our orders in, it was another hour to get some simple dishes such as fish and chips, or a lobster bisque. The place was not even at 50% capacity and it was prime dinner time. 
Next the food. The food was awful. My lobster bisque probably was sitting on some counter for 30 minutes, not only was it not hot, it had a thick layer of dried bisque on top of it. My fish and chips tasted like fried chicken. 
I wish I could complain to someone but no one was tending to our table. I just nibbled, flagged somebody down so I could pay, and left. 
Overall, awful, service and food, thumbs down all around.I had the filet mignon for lunch and everything tasted wonderfully. Also had the buffalo cauliflower appetizer but this needs to be shared as the saltiness can get boring after a while.One star is being polite. I stayed at hotel for a full week and the food in ripe and anchor was bland, and lacked creativity. The worst meal hands down breakfast. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and it literally was bland scrambled eggs on bread. How lazy and uneventful can you get?! Don't get me started on food the hotel provided at the conference 
The breakfast service was so slow and several times I had to grab my server to get water refills. 
The hotel staff is very friendly, but if I was in leadership I would get rid of chef, and completely reorganize the culinary team. This is what you want to represent Hilton?Went here today for Mother's Day dinner buffet with my husband and 2 year old daughter. This place is the restaurant attached to Hilton at Penn's landing and they share the same entrance.  The host was very friendly, accommodating and attentive.  All the servers are extremely nice.  The food is just very mediocre.  Nothing really stood out. I was mostly excited for the carving station-  prime rib.  The prime rib was ok but it was cold.  The rest of the buffet menu was blah.  My favorite was actually the mushroom bisque soup.  All the cocktails are super pricey and although it was not written anywhere in the menu they charge an automatic 20% service fee on your bill during Holidays (including Mother's Day)Food was very good and restaurant was very nice. Service was very slow.  We were a table of 6 and 20% gratuity was added in. We would not have given a 20% tip if we had the choice. The waitress disappeared for long periods of time.Stopped in yesterday while walking around Penns Landing. Sat at the bar and was immediately greeted by the bartender. We were there just for drinks and an appetizer and my husband and I split the bang bang tacos. They were cooked very well and they gave you a lot of shrimp in each taco.Decent hotel bar and restaurant. They are right in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel. There's a bar with about a dozen seats as well as table service. It's located right off of the water so nice view as well. 
I sat at the bar for lunch which was decent. The bartender was nice and attentive even though it was very busy that day for lunch. 
Good option if you don't want to venture far from the hotel.Memorial day weekend 2018 seemed like an appropriate time to try to spend some time near some water, so we picked what appeared to be a nice spot by the river to have some dranks. This place is attached to the hilton and not the easiest place to see from the road but a quick expedition from the street reveals its location. 
We walked in and basically immediately it became apparent this is a bar for older people. Not necessarily a problem, especially if you're an old person yourself. 
We went to the host and inquired about seating outside. We were told 1. the clouds appear as if there is a storm coming FYI and 2. the wait is about 30 min but we can take your name if you want. We gave our name. Host then said "actually wait should be about 20 min". Oh ok cool.
There was ONE seat available at the bar. Bc my girlfriend is literally about the same height as a toddler, I let her take it. We had our minds made re: drink orders pretty hastily and thus stood leaning against the bar counter with eyes longing for the bartender early on. Unfortunately the entire bar staff of the R&A completely ignored and disregarded our presence for quite a long while. I would say AT LEAST 10 minutes and maybe even 15. The gentlemen/dudes next to us actually felt bad and assertively called a bartender over to take our order. This was gross event #1. 
Gross event #2: after waiting 10-15 min, we decided to be time efficient and by golly just order a fucking double vodka soda bc god only knows when someone's going to acknowledge our order-desiring presence again. Our drinks were subsequently thick and took us (yes, even us) a hot minute to chisel down. We actually started getting tipsy and even worse tipsy-emotional requiring a comforting and then a few pep talks. When my frontal cortex came to I realized it had been a significant amount of time like probably at least an hour. Uh...what ever happened to that 20 minutes? 
I marched over to the host again who thankfully for the initial host was someone different. I explained the situation after which the new person was apologetic and offered to take us outside immediately. 
 We took a seat on the deck and placed a new set of orders: 2 more drinks and the fried goat cheese balls. Gross event numero tres: fried goat cheese balls came in a JIFFY but time lagged on and on and our drinks were no where to be found. It started raining. And then it started raining heavily. I honestly had enough at this point and explained the situation to a server nearby and asked for the check. "You have to ask your server". Ok thanks for the help then.
I honestly had no fucking idea who our own server was a few vodka sodas deep having had interacted with 20 different people. I went to the front and explained the situation. I don't even want the fucking drink I just want THE CHECK. Our server was apparently at the bar and gave me attitude. Some other person offered to get the manager. Ultimately they didn't charge us anything for our drinks or the goat cheese balls which was appreciated, otherwise this place would be sitting at 1 star for me. Maybe it's jsut bc it was busy but perhaps they should hire more staff? Our experience here felt like a waste of an aggravating few hours.Just sat in the dining room for over 10 minutes, no greet, no server, nothing. Several employees walked by noticing us looking around and still nobody came over to us. So we walked out. We'll take our service elsewhere!!I attended an event at the Hilton Penn's Landing, and ate here twice, once for lunch and another for dinner. The goat cheese fritters were the most amazing appetizer, ordered it both times.
The seared scallops and shrimp were tasty, even better was the risotto!We want to try a nice restaurant by the water view nice right across from Independence seaport museum but I have to say wait was over 30 mins but If was to slip the hostess a simple $30 she will seat you on time no questions ask before everyone else, I have to say owner needs to look into this cause management don't care even if this was brought up to them.... nice place but things will go down hill very quick.......The mixed reviews had me a little hesitant about booking for a party of 12 of us on a Friday night, but I am SO glad I pulled the trigger and booked. Everything was flawless! The service by Andy was great, everyone loved their food, and the atmosphere was great! No complaints whatsoever!!I was hesitant to go here after reading the reviews but was very pleasantly surprised. We ate outside on the water on a beautiful evening. I had the surf and turf which consisted of a small filet and a crab cake both of which were excellent. My margarita was great and priced fairly. We had the triple chocolate cake for desert which was also great.Need to update their menu online as many of their items (all the ones that made us try it out today) are actually no longer served. The long bench we were sitting on will dump you off so be careful. Canned sodas are $4.50 so be prepared.I've passed by this restaurant a million times and never thought to go in, but when I was browsing on Open Table for a place to take my mentees this place popped up. The views are great and the tables aren't crowded together so even though restaurants are back to full capacity, it didn't feel crowded. Two very minor issues were that the menu that I reviewed was not the same menu that we were given and someone from the restaurant cancelled our reservation because I asked to be seated outside, we ate inside anyway but I didn't understand why the reservation was completely cancelled, that messed with my Open Table points.
Other than that service was amazing, my glass was never empty and the food was great. We were a party of 4 and two of us ordered a glass of Prosecco, they gave the other two complimentary glasses which I thought was a nice touch. All in all I'm glad I gave this place a shot.Good food & great views/location. Lots of outdoor seating with wonderful people watching. Tried the "signature frozen drinks" which were okay, but a bit oversold/overpriced. I'd opt for a standard drink next time. Service was a bit spotty but willing to give them the benefit of the doubt on this one - it was a busy weekend afternoon. Was impressed with the food we tried. I'd return if I was in the area and in need of a good break along the waterWe have stayed at this Hilton hotel 3 times and always love it. This time we decided to try the restaurant- and it wasn't worth it! I told the waiter when we ordered that I needed my fries to not have old bay seasoning- as I am allergic to celery (which is in the seasoning). This seasoning was still put on my fries. I did end up getting a taste and had a minor reaction. When we asked for new fries- they were given- but no apology was made at all! 
Next the menu- it's very limited. No appetizers really. No steak dinner if you don't want seafood (surf and turf only). I got the burger and honestly- it didn't taste good at all. My son didn't like it either. They don't have a variety of cocktails- maybe a few- but no menu so you have to ask. 
All in all- not great food and not great service- but way too expensive for what it is.One star is generous. Most of us got the express lunch and it took over half an hour. The steak sandwich was really greasy hamburger meat with cheese whiz. It took over 1/2 hour to get the check and pay. Not express. They didn't toast the bread for the avocado toast. I could go and on.The first thing they'll ask you is, "Do you have a voucher for breakfast?" "oh you're not a Hilton Gold Member?" 
Then you feel pretty blah that you have to pay full price and you're not a special person. They'll ask you this about three or four more times while you try to eat your breakfast. This is located inside of the Hilton at Penns Landing. 
Food is mediocre. Service is good. I think the experience could be better if they just focused on the person, not necessarily if they have a voucher or not- what does it matter anyway?Drinks is good but food just isn't that great and very limited. Suggestion redo your menu.This restaurant and bar went above and beyond. Service is amazing. The Philly was good and the drinks were strong. Beautiful view of the river if you opt to dine outdoors. Thank you.Oh God, every couples favorite day...Yep, Valentine's Day. What were we going to do?! What are we wearing? Where were we eating?! Did we wait too long to make reservations?! The horror. 
Once upon a time I almost ripped my hair out my head trying to find a nice, not too crowded AND affordable spot to have our Valentine's Day dinner. BUT, Google came through with a spot amongst my dreaded search. 
We decided to choose Keating's Rope and Anchor Bar and Grill for Valentine's Day since they were offering a $49.99 four course meal. It was away from all the downtown madness and they were offering a pretty good deal for dinner with a view. So we thought why not?! couldn't hurt to try this spot out.
Service was lacking. The staff weren't as friendly as I wanted them to be...and the poor lady in the front was also helping to serve and hand out dishes, so while she was running around we waited for about 10 minutes to get seated. 
It's pretty nice in there, I wouldn't say super fancy or anything but it was nicely decorated. I was pleasantly surprised to see this spot hidden in the Hilton, and it wasn't crowded! Woot woot!! 
The Valentine's Day menu was straightforward, a four course meal and we got to choose from Filet Mignon or Bronzino (with a complimentary rose, champagne toast and a lock for us to hang out on the Lock bridge!) My boyfriend and I both chose Filet mignon of course. The starters were way more delicious than they looked. The steak was average...the dessert, heavenly. 
Didn't regret coming here, however I wouldn't come back for a "fancy" meal. We will probably revisit when it's warmer, and we can enjoy drinks and apps on the deck by the water.I wanted to round to 4 yelps, but it was truly a solid 3.5. This place wasn't too bad! The food was good; not really splurging with any wow factors. But you really can't beat this location! Located inside Hilton; there is a ramp which allows you access into the lobby, from the boardwalk itself. I thought my salad was delicious! Everyone else thought their food was good but nothing to rave about. It's decor was bright and modern looking. This place was super convenient for us.This is a cute spot with some good outside seating in between harbor park and penn's landing. We stopped in just for some drinks and apps after finding out the deck at moshulu was closed for a private event. For food we order the crab cake and pepper and spinach flatbread. Both were really good. Loved the flatbread. They make some pretty decent drinks also. The red sangria seemed to be really popular from the looks of all the tables around us so I tried one of those along with a mimosa and frozen peach Bellini while I was there. All drinks were good. The frozen Bellini was a bit sweet for my taste and compared to a normal Bellini but most frozen drinks are sweeter. However it was nice for a sunny day outside by the water.The restaurant is in a really attractive location-on the water. As you walk in you are really impressed with the decor and all the natural light coming in from the huge windows. The service is quick and attentive. For starters I had the Clam Chowder which was exceptional. It was thick and flavorful. I loved it, it would have been perfect if they served it with oyster crackers but I guess you can't have it all. Next we had the calamari and the Margherita flat bread. Unfortunately the calamari and flatbread was a bit of a letdown. Not a fan of the calamari, the pieces were tiny, practically got loss in my mouth. Not a fan of the hot peepers either. The marinara sauce was very bland. I ended up having to put salt and crushed peppers just to give it some flavor. The flatbread was also very underwhelming. I guess I should hav stopped right after the Clam Chowder.