I've been here twice now and sampled a bunch of what they have to offer - I feel like what you order will really dictate how much you like this place.  i.e. they do some things great and other things just so-so.
The two things I will surely go back for more of is the Sausage and Pepper Pizza (capitalized - because I mean business) and some sort of puff pastry that has a white cream in the middle - I'm sure it has a name but it escapes me.  The pizza was perfectly flavored and the sausage/peppers had a nice kick to it.  Im sure it would make for great leftovers but unfortunately (fortunately?) for me it was gone well before it found the refrigerator.  The cream puff cream was just awesome - couldn't pin-point the flavor (vanilla?) but I would prefer it to top every dessert I get from this point forward.
I also got a bunch of the other sweets (salted brownie, blondie, red velvet crumb-cake) and a few bagels.  All were good, but not great.  Was pleasantly surprised by the wheat everything bagels - whole wheat bagels usually suck.
What I didn't really like was the pepperoni pizza.  It was pretty bland for my liking - in complete contrast to the sausage and pepper pizza - and the pepperoni was pretty sparse. I also didn't like being told 25 minutes, showing up in 25 minutes and then standing there for 25 minutes waiting for the pizza.  The small shop + no chairs = awkwardly standing there for almost a half hour.  
Since it's close to me and has so many tasty looking treats yet to try - I'll surely be back.  Hopefully I'll get more 'great' than 'so-so'.Love this neighborhood bakery/pizza joint.  The mushroom pizza is awesome. Once they warm it, it is perfect!  
I have not tried all their delicious sweets.  However, their classic birthday cake is so good! It's not too sweet and has jam in the layer which gives it such a nice taste!
The only compliant I have, I wish there was a sitting area.  I live not too far so it works.... The pizza stays warm :-)This is a very good bake shop that does well on both sweet and savory items.  The only reason I don't rate it five stars is because they could improve on their customer service.
My favorites from the sweets are the carrot cakes, macaroons, and chocolate chip cookies.  On the savory side, their breakfast pockets are excellent.  They also serve above average pizza but it's overpriced and tends to be too salty in my opinion.
The only wholly negative experiences I've had with the place are the occasional rude employees.  For example, the place takes delivery orders, and once an employee actually had the gall to tell me to hurry up and that he didn't have all day while I was placing an order over the phone (how rude!).  And sometimes they're a bit reluctant to elaborate and describe items when deliberating between the vast array of treats they offer.  I feel they should help because the item names are generally not indicative of what they are so the employees should help you understand what you're buying.
PS:  If the place offered free tap water like Starbucks I think it would make a huge positive difference because it's a long and unconventional walk for many people to get here.We have had the pizza a bunch of times, and it's always reliable and ingredients are clearly high quality. Between $3-4/slice is very pricey though! I ordered two of their catering trays for a tailgate last month, and Adam was very helpful in advising how much to get for our group of 30. Sandwiches were a huge hit. Bagels were good, too. Salted caramel brownies (gluten free) were the best I've ever had. If not for the price point they'd be 5 stars.Stopped by here one day with my bf and my sister. Unfortunately they didn't have enough black and white cookies so I didn't get the chance to try it. However, I did try the cream puffs and the chai mini cinnamon bun. The cream puffs were just average, but the cinnamon bun was heaven... The chai syrup that pooled at the bottom of the bun was so delicious. I have previously tried one of their cakes as my friend got me one for my birthday last year. It was also pretty damn good. It had a thick ganache on the top and light creamy custard on the inside.
I definitely will be back.A great place to stop by if you're about to buy beer next door.  More popular with the locals due to it's location, if you want really nice desserts try Isgro's Pastries, if you want inspirational pizza try Di Bruno Bros.  The pizza tastes okay and the baked goods are so-so.  If you like really slowly and carefully made home-style cookies, this is your place but don't get your hopes up.  Something was very off about their alleged "Vietnamese Ice Coffee" which actually made me physically ill after my first sip.  Maybe I am misinformed but I also thought Nutella was recently classified as a neurotoxin, in any case I wouldn't try their Nutella cookies unless you're aware of the side-effects.  The parfaits are stingy on fruits and over-priced and a lot of other items seem to be asking for too much price-wise given the low-quality and small amount served.  The mural on the outside is nice to look at and the whimsical nature of the inside makes it seem like it's more than it really is.  It's just an industrial bake shoppe that puts out thoroughly average products.  They do a lot inside the shoppe, so many workers behind the cashier making things but usually have many things unavailable yet they have a wide selection of other things to get like "Hot Pockets" and "Ice Cream Sandwiches" both of which are very unusual interpretations of the traditional items.  Thing is everything here tastes like imitation, since the store is named after a pet cat I suppose being a copy-cat is part of the business model.  Great food to get for your kids, in fact this place caters mostly to children.    
If you want to experience listening to probably the most annoying and redundant Pandora stations feel free to stop in and bob your head to the old school jock jams, otherwise bring ear plugs.          
All in all, it's kinda gross but you might be into that kind of thing.  It's Philly after all.The first, best thing about Kermit's is how late they're open. So many bakeries close at 6PM, and that's just impossible for someone who works. Kermit's is open til 10; that's stellar. I will say that it felt a little like Kermit's needs to decide if they're a bakery or a pizza shop. They didn't have a ton of baked goods on display or display space, but their kitchen looked massive. The people who work there are really friendly and cool. the pastries I got (brownie and mini cheesecake) were delicious and visually appealing. Will DEFINITELY go again, although I hope they have a few more things available.The bakery item list is very impressive and most items we've sampled have been really good, especially for a new business.
Be careful however, as they may change their hours with no notice. For example, this evening we tried to go just after 10pm and they are closed when the hours are until 11pm. There was no change to the website and no change on yelp.Extremely disappointing experience. Upon entering, I asked one of the store workers about their recommended pastry. Appearing extremely confused, he had no idea what to recommend and left me to make my own decision. After selecting my various items on my own, I was presented with a total of about $13.50. In pulling out my credit card, the same cashier let me know that they have a $15 minimum for all purchases. His suggestions were either to used the ATM with "high fees" behind me or to buy something additional.  I asked him where the minimum was posted - he responded that it wasn't. I promptly asked for my credit card, abandoned my purchase and left.Public Notice: Heaven on Earth is located at 2204 Washington Avenue in the form of a Mini Oreo Mousse Pie. The light, airy, oreo-y mousse is surrounded by two fresh, moist, chocolate cakes. Each bite prompted an "mmmm" and I experienced a bout of sadness when I realized I had devoured it all so quickly.  
I had been lusting after Kermit's baked goods after they first caught my eye on Instagram. Dining Partner and I decided to take advantage of a rainy Saturday to make the trek out to Kermit's for some well-deserved treats. In addition to the Mini Oreo Mousse Pie, we decided to be really fat and split a chocolate croissant which was absolutely divine. Dining partner also had a Mini Smores Pop Tart which would not be purchased again. The pop tart was dense and not nearly as flavorful as the other two goodies. I can't wait to return during warmer weather and devour a homemade ice cream sandwich. $15 minimum on credit cards, debit cards no minimum.After reading the many positive reviews, I was anxious to try this place out.   Although I was prepared for takeout on this visit, I was surprised that it is ONLY takeout.   This is one of my pet peeves about Yelp i.e. That  this is not clear in the survey questions.  But I digress....
Everything from here was tasty.   The baguette is good but not as good as others available around the city.  It is pleasantly chewy but very dense.   I would rate it 4 stars.   Croissants were great and large 4.5 stars, and available in ham and cheese, chocolate, and plain.   I also sampled a variety of pastries - key lime, lemon, cheesecake square, and coconut. All strong 4s.
Coffee is also available for takeout but they also had Vietnamese iced coffee ready for takeout!   Yum! 5 stars and a great surprise on a summer day.    Parking can be challenging.  Service is great.Great baked goods, especially their birthday cake! The dense, buttery frosting and cake w/ the fruity pebbles or whatever cereal it is embedded inside is so delicious.Love their pizza and their baked goods even more. Their seeing spots cake is delicious. I love their white mushroom pizza. It's a pick up pizza joint and the service is always friendly. I also enjoy their soups!I was having a party for 140 people and my dessert food truck backed out about 3 hours before the party started.  It was a sunday night and I had no idea what I was going to serve to everyone at the last minute.  Thank God my husband knows one of the owners and gave him a call.  He had his bakers whip up a few trays of cookies, brownie and different kind of bars for us and then he personally brought the trays out to the party on a sunday night.  Everything was delicious and the guests gobbled everything up.  I was so grateful for their last minute help and would recommend that everyone check them out!!!I recently popped into kermits to talk about ordering a birthday cake for my daughter, I was told no one there could speak with me and that I would have to email the owner to order a special cake(so I came all the way down here for nothing!?!?) Luckily one of the bakers behind the counter overheard and stepped in, she said that she was the main decorator and would be happy to at least talk over the details of what i wanted.  She was extremely helpful and even talked me into buying some treats to take home!  Unfortunately she still was not "allowed" to take my order or quote me a price, that only the owner would be able to do that.  "oh thats okay, when will he be around?" i asked "not entirely sure, he actually lives in new orleans"  WHAT???? no, sorry I do not think that I will be ordering my cake here.  I have never been to a bakery where i was not able to receive face to face help when wanting to order a cake.  Such a shame because the girl who spoke with me was as much help as she possibly could have been and the treats she recommended were great! But to go all the way down there just to be told to go home and send an email is a real turn off for me.I stopped in to pick up a cake for a birthday party.  I got the 8 inch 'Seeing Spots' with a vanilla chocolate chip pound cake and chocolate butter cream frosting.  The cake was amazing- so moist and delicious with layers of chocolate chip and butter cream.    All the other pastries also looked fantastic as did the pizza. I cannot wait to stop in to try their pizza next time.I have passed this bakery thousands of times. Tonight, I had a craving for baked goods, it was too hot to make my own, so I figured I'd give it a try. I was very disappointed. I purchased chocolate chip cookies and a Nutella cupcake. I could tell that they were well made and both had good favors. However, both had an overriding taste of....I can't place it. It's like when you store something in a container and your food starts to taste like the container. Not a pleasant taste. And pretty much, a waste of money.Kermit Bake Shoppe resides on Philadelphia's "Super Highway" also known as Washington Avenue. The location is off the beaten path and seems a bit remote, but it's next to Springfield Beer Distributor, so maybe not so much. Walk inside and you see a display of all the treats and the pizza, which looked so delicious. I figured I would stay on the safe side and had the 24 carat carrot cupcake and a slice of the bread pudding. The cupcake was alright. I wasn't wowed, but I did like what tasted like cereal flakes (I doubt that's what they are) on top of the cream cheese frosting. The bread pudding is good cold, but is significantly better when heated. The chocolate, the warm, the comfort. Just a great dessert. So good that I was trying to find and eat all the crumbs. The salted caramel brownie is on my list of "things to try" on my return.They seem like a decent shop and I love the bicycle delivery system they have going on. Also, anything to jumpstart more business in that area of Washington.
As for the food? I had a slice of pesto pizza and a macaroon. The pizza was good (though I personally can make better pizza so this isn't really a complaint so much as a brag) but the macaroon was AWESOME.
I have an undeniable sweet tooth and had just run a little over nine miles. I wanted a little something to keep me together until dinner time. Kermit's did the job handily. I'd go back any time of day.Yum yum yum!! This was our second time visiting Kermit's.  Their bakery items look delicious but we haven't tried any of it yet!  We ordered the same items this time as we did the last time because it was that good. We had the white mushroom pizza on wheat (OMG...heaven in your mouth) and a small antipasto salad.  The pizza is a little pricey ($20) but well worth it. It had so much flavor to it.  If you enjoy mushrooms and leeks, you must get this pizza.  They deliver but we pick it up since it isn't that far away. They told us the order would be ready in 20 minutes and it was. We drive and park in the loading spot right out front (super easy if you have access to your car).  We highly recommend their pizza!! And I can't wait to try their bakery items.We are always happy to see new businesses move into our neighborhood. We have seen long lines at Kermits and were hopeful that they represented the quality and selection of a great local bakery. Unfortunately, we have been unable to find things we like at Kermits. We want some bread other than baguettes, and we would love some baked goods without the dairy.  The prices for baguettes and baked goods are a little on the steep side.  The pizzas look great, and there is a nice variety, but unfortunately we aren't big pizza fans.  So, please Kermits, stay in the hood but work on the menu just a little bit. If you sold hearty loaves of wheat and rye breads and just one or two vegan cookies, I'd be seeing you just about every night!Overall quality is amazing! Ordered a birthday cake and it wasn't decorated exactly the way I wanted but other than that it everything else is greatthe gluten free pizza is the pretty good. the gluten free macaroons are excellant.Stoked Kermit's is finally open. 
I'm pretty much a no-lactose guy with the exception of pizza and Kermit's makes it worth it. 
On the first visit we tried the measure by which all pizzas are judged - pepperoni and cheese, red sauce. Really good. I would have liked a little more pepperoni but the sauce is really great. Next visit we tried the white. It was a little salty for my taste but Mrs. Andrew D loved it. Most recently tried the BBQ chicken. I'm usually not a fan of bbq sauce on pizza but I really liked this one. Chicken was tender. This is a winner. 
Also tried the "hot pocket" and enjoyed it as well. It's a flakey crust, not the pizza dough I was expecting. Salads have been OK, nothing to write home about. I didn't really care for the chicken spaetzle soup.
But what I am most excited about is FRESH BAGELS in the neighborhood. Finally, finally. The bagels are great, crusty on the outside although a little on the small side. Bagels on weekends only is a bummer but I get it. 
The pastries have all been great as well. Priced accordingly in my opinion. 
I'm a little unclear on whether or not they are delivering though...each time we've called they haven't really offered as an option. Maybe one just has to ask?The plain pie is really good with a cheese blend of mozzarella, grana padano and pecorino. Cooked just on the more well-done side it's especially nice on Sundays and Mondays during football season when all whole pies are $5 off.
I'm not as big a fan of the cakes, but the brownies and cookie bars don't usually make it home when I order one.Really like sidecar and LOVE kraftwork. Since i live in south philly I was really excited to read about this place opening. They definitely hold true to the high quality, great service and relaxed atmosphere of their other establishments.
 The bf picked up some mushroom  pizza and bread on the way home one night which was very good. I really want to try the BBQ next
We went back after that for some pastries for a dinner party, having a sweet tooth this was what I was most excited for
They were all a hit!! we got--- apricot, mixed berry, and passion fruit tart and some kind of chocolate bar that was inspired by the "whatchamacallit"
I was so. Impressed with the selection! 
I am dying to try the savory stuffed croissants and hot pockets they looked like the perfect light lunch/breakfast/snack. Also really interested in the pop tarts. But let's be honest everything looked great and I will try to make my way through the list as this place leaves you wanting more!
Welcome to the neighborhood!Got a pesto white wheat pizza and it was superb, thin crust, fantastic toppings, 18" pie is great value. Cookies were super and reasonable price per pound. Definitely a convert.Being able to buy baked goods and pizza in the same place sounds amazing, right?!? I went in Kermit's for the first time today. I asked the woman at the counter what their popular items were. I like to ask the people that work at food establishments what's really good because 1.) they usually have so much enthusiasm about it and I think that's awesome and they could sell me anything at that point and 2.) they're getting the feedback everyday and seeing what people are going crazy for. Under her breath the woman mumbled, "the pizza is good, our pop-somethings are good...people like the ice cream sandwiches". No enthusiasm and barely audible. 
I'm looking at the pizza, the pop whatevers, the little desserts and I'm like, do I really want to spend money on this right now??
I get a slice of pizza and a flourless double chunk chocolate brownie and head home. The pizza was meh. Honestly it didn't really look fresh (non of the slices did) and it was small and thin. I got the sausage and peppers which was flavorful but underwhelming. The brownie was tasty, even better once I popped it in the microwave.White pizza was super.  Ordered it delivered on advice of my daughter's boyfriend.  Crust thin and tasty. Pie was hot and delivered promptly.  Excellent.For as big as the shop sign mural the place is pretty small. I was expecting a large selection of different desserts and small baked goods, however, there were only cookies, cakes, and some bite size dessert cakes. 
Granted the one pound of regular cookies I brought did taste good, it wasn't anything extraordinary. A pound of cookies was $12.95 and you get about 2-3 cookies of the certain flavors. I did get half a pound of the coconut macaroons (which was 6 decent sized pieces)and those were delicious!! I wish there were more baked goods to chose from, maybe because I was there later in the day so things ran out? The display of their items could have been better as well. They only put about 6 cookies for each flavor on display which made me think they only had 6 left but really they had all their cookies in the back.I just got a mushroom tart from Kermit's. It was delicious. It was flakey, and there were big chunks of mushrooms and cheese and melty goodness. The friendly guy at the counter told me I was in for a treat, and boy was he right!! The location is not ideal. It's not hard to get to (23rd and Washington) it's just in an area where you'd expect to find bathroom sinks, not hot, flakey, delicious dinner.I should have tried the pizza. We meandered by and were pleasantly surprised that the valentines items were on, well I guess, clearance. Mmmm clearance desserts. We got a little heart shaped chocolate truffle layer cake thing, it was chocolaty, truffly, moist and cakey. Everything you'd expect.I live around the corner and love the addition to Washington Avenue. This place is good, but pretty expensive. Worth a visit for sure. I think they should add some picnic tables out front so you can sit and eat a slice.Food: 2.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2
Did not live up to the hype in terms of quality. Pricey and strange little place.A delightful gem in a very random location. Once you get past all the paint and flooring stores, you will know when you see Kermit's with the painted flowers all over the outside of the building. Its a small place so don't plan on eating in. They do in fact offer pizza and baked goods. We got a slice of the mushroom pizza, a raspberry/blueberry fruit tart, and a hamburgular. All of the pizza looked like thin crust and the mushroom pizza was tasty but it probably would have been better if we ordered a pie ahead of time. Both pastries were delicious; the tart wasn't anything special but the hamburgular was very unique. I was sold on the fact that it looked like a hamburger but it had layers of goodness in it so if you want to be adventurous, check it out. Next time, I'm picking up a pie. FYI $15 minimum for credit cards (ATM inside).Walked over to Kermit's today for the first time. It was good! I got two slices of Pepperoni pizza and I really enjoyed it. Crust is on the thin side, slight sweetness to the sauce and pepperoni is massive and delicious. I also got a flourless dark chocolate brownie. Thick, chewy and full of flavor. 
Overall, the location is definitely off the beaten path of foot traffic, but it's less than a mile off Broad and they will deliver, so it is definitely accessible one way or another. I've also seen some mixed comments about customer service but I have to say, the woman who took my order was pleasant. Positive experience, will go back again.I have been going to Kermit's ever since it opened and it always continues to impress. All of my experiences there have been great, but this one really takes the cake. The Tuesday evening before Thanksgiving I was put in charge of desserts. I called in Tuesday night (around 8pm-ish) and picked up the Pecan Apple pie, Salted Carmel Chocolate Mouse pie, and Carrot loaf first thing at 8am Wednesday morning. They were spot-on time and super polite even thought it was the crack of dawn. 
The Salted Carmel Chocolate Mouse pie was an epic hit at my Thanksgiving meal. Everyone was super impressed!!! 
Five stars to Kermit's great desserts, great customer service, and ability to process short-notice orders super fast!It's hard to give a place like this 3 stars. It's definitely a more 3 and 1/2. It's because it's super cute & I like what it's trying to do. But I'm gonna go ahead and say while this is a potential 4 star place, I just didn't see it when I went-- much to my sadness. It was like going on an OKC date. I perused your profile and I liked what I saw. And when I spotted you, I thought you were very attractive. But then we got to talking (eating) and I realized you were a little bit above average, but nothing orgasmic. The Kerminator pizza sounds so fancy pants, but in my mouth it was just okay... The lemon bar was pretty good, but I didn't think the salted caramel brownie was anything to flag down people for. 
I will DEFINITELY come back here, try ordering the pies and cakes and see if they're a little more special. i.e. you have won me over for a second date, Kermit. See you soon.This bakery is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. The pizzas have creative toppings and crispy crusts. The closest thing to a NY pizza you can find in Philly. 
The pastries are delightful! The lemon square, the tiramisu, salted caramel brownie are delightful! 
The savory homemade poptarts are great. The smores version is a little less exciting, but if you like bittersweet chocolate and don't really love marshmallows, try it!
The quality of the products is well worth the price and we come here about once a week to try the ever changing arrangement. The staff are friendly and very helpful.
I just wish there was a place to sit and enjoy the food.I came in here for a French macaroon and it just wasn't good at all. The macaroon was very hard on the outside and the inside was just like a empty pocket. I was very disappointed but the reason why I didn't give this place a one star is because the service was very good. The girl at the front counter was very nice.Sometimes I love what I ordered and other times I hate it. The kermits hole cookies are amazing, but some other things fall slightly short of that.You cannot go wrong with Kermit's Bakery; fresh, affordable, and tasty! We've had a variety of baked treats, on multiple occasions, and it's always been delish!So happy with this new shop here in Point Breeze!  I have sampled and number of their sweets and all of them are wonderful.  The cheesecake is particularly good.  Perhaps the best I have ever had (and I don't say that lightly.)  The pizza is very nice as well.  I cannot say enough good things about the Potato Leek soup!  absolutely wonderful!  I will say that none of the staff seem much like people persons, however, to have a place for good eats that is open late, I can overlook that minor detail.the pizza, the brownies, the rugelach, the service, the location. its just all so great and now they have delivery! watch out now!AMAZING. The people are extremely nice and interesting. They literally have the best keylime tart I have ever head. And this is coming from a keylime connoisseur. Wonderful food all around!Pretty great pizza.
Philly has some great wood fired pizza venues- but I've been hard pressed to find a solid pizzeria style by the slice.
Kermits delivers (literally and figuratively!).
I split a slice of their plain pizza with my toddler who immediately said "this is yummy in my tummy". So that's pretty great. 
I also had the egg/sausage "hot pocket" and it was quite good. 
They're accommodating and it's a lovely shop. I imagine their sweets are delicious as well but didn't have time to check it all out and make a selection. I'll be back for sure to try their rugalah(sp?).Wow! I just moved to the neighborhood and was super excited and shocked to hear that a bakery had opened on Washington Ave! Hopefully it's the start of many more fooderies to come. 
First, you're greeted by very attentive, friendly, and funny staff. There were free samples of the Caramel Brownie and Lemon Bar. Both were delicious but the brownie really stole the show for me (I prefer my dessert to be chocolate!). The caramel was perfect - a little salty and there was a huge amount! 
I ended up ordering the sweet potato pie roll (good, but not as creamey like a pie should be). I also ordered the mushroom hot pocket which was jam packed with flavorful mushrooms and the pastry was divine. 
I am already planning what to order for my return trip - Definitely the brownie, pizza and maybe another hot pocket. 
Only down side is that the pie roll and hot pocket was pretty expensive... so unforunately I can't make it a regular thing.Been back twice since 1st visit. Very impressed with entire operation. The staff is nice and knowledgable. The pizza is really good. So are the pockets filled w/ meats, etc. The taste and flavor's are unique and creative. The management/chef clearly are talented and think outside the box.
The baked goods are way too good. Too many to list.
The only thing needed now is an italian hoagie on a good roll.They have by far one of the worst customer services available in the city.  The food is OK not great but the staff sucks. NOT friendly at all and don't ever ask them for a small favor. God forbid if they have to actually work.  Go elsewhere!  So many better bake shops in the city.Had a sweet craving this past weekend and walking the four blocks to the bakery. I ordered the pumpkin macaron and my man ordered the pumpkin whoopie pie and the salted caramel brownie. 
Hands down best macaron in the city!!! It's perfect - on par with the best macarons from Paris. The cookie is a delicate crust and inside is a generous goey center of pumpkin flavored heaven. So much flavor. Great textures!! I will definitely be back to try the other flavor; red velvet.Kermit's, how disappointing. I give it 2 stars for its ambience but that's about it. My first time there I ordered 2 of there special Pizzas and a few whoopie Pies. My bill totaled close to $30 for unimpressive Pizza and Pies that cost me $4 each but tasted like cardboard . I get better whoopi pies for a dollar at my farmers market than I did at Kermit's. 
You're being too harsh a friend said to me. So I stopped in again to grab something  on my way to a dinner. I bought 3 $6 raspberry chocolate tarts each as big as my palm. They were nice and fluffy with just the right amount of chocolate but honestly I've eaten better from Trader Joe's Bakery than Kermits.
I won't be stopping there a 3rd time unless prices and or my tastebuds change. Oh, and how about including the overall community in your price list. Not all of your customers emulate the Hipster following that Sidecar and Kraftwork are known for.
Share the delights by sharing with ALL of your customers.This is an awesome bakery/pizza/ice cream sandwich place on Washington Ave.  Honestly I always thought they just had pies but when I discovered they had pizza, I had to check it out.  Their white mushroom pizza with scallions is seriously one of the best slices of pizza out there.  My boyfriend absolutely loves their homemade ice cream sandwiches.  Definitely a cool place, worth checking out.  Take out only.Hands down the best Pizza in the area!  The bakery treats are also awesome.  The SideCar mafia did it again...The pizza is one of the best. Thin, crispy, slightly-overdone crust with savory and delicious toppings.  The BBQ Chicken and the spicy sausage pies are phenomenal.
The breakfast hot pockets are also a real treat, so don't be shy. Ask for a couple warmed up and I bet they don't even make it home.  
The baked goods are good, but nothing has impressed me more than the pizza or pockets.  They're why I keep going back.
If I had to nitpick, my last chocolate croissant was ok.  Nothing to write home about. I am super critical about my chocolate croissants though. Take that with a grain of salt.  Maybe it was hanging out from the day before. 
My 15yo and I got some ice cream a few weeks ago.  The toppings are first rate, but the soft serve itself is a little boring.  I almost wish they had an in-house ice cream maker.  Then they could churn out something more exciting than plain soft serve. Something that's a match for the baked goods they put in the ice cream creations.  That would be some 'next level' shiz.I would definitely stop back and try more pastries and their lunch stuff. Stopped in and picked-up a few sweet greets for myself. The red velvet crumb cake is great. Rich and velvety. The crumbs ontop is slightly sweet and crispy. The blonde is also good. It has either a hint of ginger or some old spice to it. Different but good. The snicker doodle cookie is ok. Crispy and sugary. The raspberry rugelah is buttery, soft and semi-sweet. They use La Colombe coffee... The best out there. Can't wait to try their pizza next time.I always end up here hungover on a Saturday morning, but I am still so in love with every single thing I have tried. 
Although I'm sure there are lines at times, whenever I've been in, it's always been quick to grab 28409238 different things. Service is pretty prompt. 
Let me start with my favorites -- the kerminator pizza, chai tea sticky bun, and banana bread! All are must tries! If you are super hungry, I would also recommend the savory pop tarts. They are perfect for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! Also on my radar are the macarons (HUGE!) and the ice cream sandwiches. Basically you cant go wrong with anything here. There are also many gluten free options for those on a restricted diet!The pizza is very good. The tye die rainbow cake is disgusting: more whipped buttercream than cake. The salted caramel sticky bun is very good. The cookies and such are easy to miss, but this place is worth stopping by for. Now if only the cashiers could get a little joy in their heart.Always loved their cupcakes, but honestly not impressed at all with their soft serve and their freezer burnt ice cream sandwiches . Pizza looks sketchy too. But this place is known for their desserts, cakes, cupcakes, & I stand by that!This place is amazing. The staff, the food, the treats! All delicious! The people who are providing negative reviews are out of their minds! Every single item I tried when I was there was outstanding. From the pizzas to the cookies, cakes and brownies. I want more! I can't wait to go back and try more. The staff sure knows flavor combinations! Who cares that they are cooking oniony pizza and cakes a the same time! That's the smell of SUCCESS and DELICIOUSNESS! 
Keep up the awesome work Kermits! You guys ROCK!!This was a lovely discovery on a rainy morning looking for something to eat while i waited for a friend. first I had a sausage egg and cheese leek hot pocket. perfect  way to get the morning started for such an reasonable price .
next  I had a lollipop surprise cake 2 for a dollar and they where amazing, . I ordered some more things to each throughout the day and latter in the eve and each one made me want to go back,
 next I had a Italian Stallone parfait(warning ) they use really good chocolate . They  have several almond items on the menu always a good sign of a spare no expense tastey  bakery. when i get to the other items will give an update but i took a bit of each and they where fabulous!! winter is coming and they are my new little secret for the holidays and the price is right!!!Excellent pizza. I tried their "Chicken fried chicken" pizza, which was incredible. In most pizza places, the toppings are ok, and the sauces are usually pretty mediocre; Kermit's pizzas feature great savory sauces, with an extra garlic factor, which I love, and the toppings were fresh and made from real chicken. It's sad to think that places that make good pizza with simple, fresh ingredients, and with a great sauces are so rare, but they really are. 
I'm not a huge fan of their cookies, but they weren't bad either. I'm just not into biscottis/jam-filled cookies, but if you are, this is a good place to go for them. They also deliver!I was really excited to try Kermit's and their food did not disappoint.  
Regular/ red pizza: Flavorful sauce, perfect amount of cheese, amazing thin crust which still held up with the ingredients on top.  Delicious.
White pizza with mushrooms and leeks: This is so good!  I'm not sure what type of mushrooms they used, but they were super fresh and tasty, the leeks and cheese were the perfect compliments to the flavor.  I'd totally get this again.
Bread pudding: If you get this, you should definitely warm it up in the microwave.  I tasted it first cold and then warm and it really makes the difference.  The perfect dessert on a cold winter night.
Lemon tart: Refreshing and light.  
I am looking forward to trying their other baked goods and eating their pizza again.  This is a solid addition to the pizza selection in the neighborhood.Wonderful place with delicious pizza and pastries. I'm so happy to find gluten free pizza that is so incredible! Very friendly service as well.Hipster hangout they will buy anything. I brought a slice of cheese and it was like cardboard and a pumpkin brownie which was full of grease and tasteless ...why does this place exist?Best BBQ chicken pizza...nothing else compares!The products are delicious, but I have had several bad encounters with service. The first time that I bought the chocolate peanut butter tart at 25 dollars, their wording, I was rung up at 30 dollars for a torte. I questioned the price due to the signage. They removed the 5 dollars and asked me how that made me feel. Not good. I stopped in earlier this week and noticed the same product at 25.00, same sign. A few days later I called to order one. I was told that they don't do preorders, but that they always have them in the morning. I was told that they would hold one for me. I arrived just after 8 to see a huge order going out, obviously a preorder. I stepped up, same signs, same price as before, 25.00. Again I was rung up at 30.00. I was furious and the sales rep told me that she couldn't budge. Her manager (co-worker) said that he would make good on the cost. Again, I left feeling terrible. Great products, horrible service.Kermits rules!!! I love the salted caramel sticky buns so much! And their pizza is pretty good too. I'm so glad they opened in my neighborhood.I had the white mushroom pizza & BBQ chicken pizza; they very good thin crispy crust. Little bit more cheese would be nice but the flavors were deliciousHaving returned from a Parisian adventure just last month, we were wistful for the great food we tasted there, so we made the quick trip to Kermit's and bought croissants. They tasted identical (if not even more flaky and buttery) than the ones we had in France! 
We also bought pizza here last week-- I highly recommend the peppers and sausage one. It was downright spicy and delicious. The only way this pizza could have been improved is if it had a little more cheese, and the saucy was a little less sweet (what's with all the sugary tomato sauce in this town, geez). However, I will definitely be back soon for more.We order pizzas and desserts all the time. Everything is awesome! The delivery is quick, and the food is awesome. We just tried the bbq chicken pizza for the first time and loved it! My husband says he has never liked bbq chickenn pizza, but agreed to try it- very good surprise! Also favorite: pesto and white zas.Went to Kermit's for the first time on a Saturday to try out the croissants and other offerings, and was not disappointed!  This place is a sort of baked good menagerie, with amazing looking cakes, tarts, cookies, brownies, breads, and many more treats. 
I went with the intention of getting a chocolate croissant and left with the croissant, plus a chocolate chip cookie brownie, a pesto hot pocket, a cheeseburger hot pocket, an cinnamon almond pop tart, and a slice of pizza.  The cookie brownie was great- you get the saltiness from the cookie, plus the rich chocolate of the brownie, but they balance each other out perfectly.  The pesto hot pocket was also terrific- great pie crust!  My beau ate the pizza and cheeseburger hot pocket, and liked both but didn't rave about them.  The cinnamon almond pop-tart was VERY cinnamon-y and very sweet.  It was a little much for me.  
Overall, Kermits is a great bakery. The service was great, the decor/design is great, and I'm pumped for bike delivery (coming soon)!We decided to give Kermit's a try, despite some of the negative reviews on here, as I find it difficult to trust people who don't know the difference between there/their/they're and to/too/two. 
We ordered the white mushroom pizza which I really enjoyed, even though I'm usually not a fan of white pizza.  The red pie we ordered consisted of garlic sausage and caramelized onions.  It was decent, but the white pizza won my heart.
It's difficult to find good pizza in Philly and Kermit's Bake Shop is a nice addition to the neighborhood.  If they delivered, they would be extra cool.Recently had my son's birthday cake completed by Kermit's and the cake was delicious - it was a little pricey but when I received it I understand why.  A cake for 20 people birthday party was bigger than the cake I had at my wedding.  It looked amazing, tasted delicious and we had plenty left over for the office next day.  My son loved the cake and I am so happy that Kermit's was able to help make his birthday special.BEST KEY LIME TART EVER. I stop here all the time before work to load up on baked goods and my coworkers devour them. But not kidding on the key lime tart.. it's absolutely delicious!They have awesome cookies!  Frequently run out of my favorites though so I have started calling ahead.  If anyone from the shoppe reads these, please more kermit holes and linzer cookies.Good service. I really wanted to love this place because my coworkers have spoken so highly of it. I got the Kerminator and sausage/pepper pizza. Both slices were pretty scarce on sauce, though I liked the spiciness of the sausage slice. They were loaded with cheese and the toppings were OK. Will be back to try the meat pockets.I take all my dates (read: my wife) here all the the time (read: I've been here once). On all of these occasions (the one time that I've been here), I thought Kermit's was amazing. 
First things first: the mural of Drago inscribed with "I must bake you"--yes. Just yes. 
Secondarily, the baked goods: Kermit's offers an array of sweet and savory baked goods. All were quite tasty. 
I tried the sausage and pepper hot pocket (I love that they make hot pockets!), which was very good. The black pepper in the pocket is very noticeable and creates a nice heat. The buttery crust is also tasty, of course. 
My favorite ws th tsted cocnt crm trt...oops, sorry about that; I just drooled on my keyboard in remembrance of said toasted coconut cream tart, frying it and forcing me to replace it so that I could finish this review. Now that that is done, please do yourself a favor and get the toasted coconut cream tart. 
I also like that they will take a debit card with no minimum purchase ($15 for credit). I use my debit card for everything, so this is pretty convenient for me. 
Will definitely be back to try the pizza.Happy Birthday! Thank you for the free funfetti cupcake in celebration - follow them on twitter and maybe you can catch another free giveaway event they do in the future :)
If their other desserts taste as good as their funfetti cupcake, this place sure knows how to bake. I'll be honest and say it wasn't one of my favorite cupcakes ever - the batter wasn't cakey enough, and the frosting was too much like whipped cream, but if you like lighter tasting cupcakes then you'll definitely like Kermit's :)we decided to buy some pastries for dessert on our way to dinner. instead of getting a cake, we decided to get a sampling of their recommended faves and tastes test them. here is what we came up with along with how we rate the desserts
peanut butter blondie - 4 stars
butterscotch pecan blondies = 4 stars
elephant ears - 3
sugar cookie = 2.5
scone - citrus raisin = 2 stars
banana loaf - 3.5 stars
pistachio tea cake = 4 stars
red velvet crumb cakes - 2.0
i'm going to wait for a few months to see how they do. i still love tartes down in old city for dessert. i do want to come back and try the other stuff especially the thin crust pizza.
great having a new bakery in town that draws all the hipsters haven.I honestly cannot speak for anything but the pizza. but HOLY SMOKES is that a good pizza. I don't even usually like pizza. but wow. Since I had it, I'm still craving it. The sausage and pepper was perfect. because those are literally all of my favorite pizza toppings. and it was with a really yummy sweet and tangy sauce on a thin crust. I ordered a whole pie of that (which was WAY too much for two people) and also ordered a slice of the white mushroom which was also yummy but just faded when juxtaposed to the sausage and pepper.
I saw they had hot pockets on their menu as well. I cannot wait to try that out next time!