Good drinks and food. Had the pulled pork and fried chicken po boy. Mac and cheese was amazing. Very reasonable for the price. Great draft list as well. Serves food till1am.This update (and upgrade) to my review of Khyber is long overdue!
I think the most ringing summary is that I have since moved ~1 mile further away from the Khyber, and I still go there just as often.  I have now sampled most of the menu, but the truly excellent Southern barbecue is what usually calls to me.  You can't go wrong whether you pick the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, the pulled pork or a combo of the above.  Their mac and cheese remains my favorite side, and the addition of the very good coleslaw rounds out the experience.
I love the vibe of Kyber.  It usually pretty full, but they usually seem to have a table available for me (Yay!).  It is often loud, but never quite so loud that I wish it were quieter.  The staff is very knowledgeable, and happy to provide beer recommendations and taste tests of drafts.  They Khyber also manages to hit that sweet spot where I never end up being the most or least intoxicated person there!Had a wonderful lunch of fried green tomatoes and vegan barq. Excellent! Nice beer selection and great vibe. Staff was super friendly and attentive. The tunes were easy on the ears. Definitely will go back.I absolutely love Khyber! Low-key atmosphere, reasonable prices, and fabulous food. Their pulled pork sandwich is amazing. They also make a mean cocktail. Would absolutely recommend it, and can't wait to go back!My dad and I came to Philadelphia for a night from NYC to sight see. We got in around 5 and were pretty hungry, so we went to look for a place with good food that wasn't too touristy. We stumbled across this place and decided to give it a shot. We sat in the restaurant area since I'm underage, but I liked the atmosphere. Our waitress was really nice as well.
 My dad liked the beer and I liked the food. I got the pulled pork sandwich with collard greens. The portions were huge. I've never had barbeque made with vinegar sauce but I really liked it. For dessert, I ordered the Red Velvet Cupcake. Now, I'm from Southern California and I have tried red velvet before, but I couldn't understand what the fuss was about. I decided to give it another try since I was on the east coast. Best. Decision. Ever. I finally understood what Red Velvet is supposed to taste like. It was delicious! I felt like my sight had been restored and I could finally see what I had been missing out on. 
I was surprised to find such a great place so close to our hotel. I wish we could have stayed here longer so I could have tried more of the menu.Been here twice in the past 2 years and both times the food was excellent! Roast beef sandwich - A+. Fried oysters - A+. Grilled chipotle-bourbon Wings - A+. This is far more than typical bar food. Most recent visit was 11/26. After our meal we asked for a couple of Jaegers and the manager(?) suggested an alternative. I wish I could remember what it was called. It was delicious AND he gave it to us on the house! Great food,  great service, great location!!Nice atmosphere, good place to have dinner or drinks with a few friends. Vegan pulled 'pork' was not superb but pretty OKThere are few truly great lunch places in Old CIty Philadelphia - if you are looking for a sandwich this probably the best.  The pulled pork is absolutely amazing, servers and beer list well informed, and sides worth being a main attraction all their own.Service here was quick and friendly but it was really slow while I was there so who knows if it's always that quick. The menu caters to everyone - vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores. I don't recall any gluten free options but don't quote me on that. The atmosphere is okay but they had way more seating than I expected from the entrance. I ordered the vegan sausage sandwich and I thought it was pretty good. I would probably go back at some point.I like this place & will probably be back just for the bacon greased popcorn. Great beer too. Girlfriend and I stopped by for lunch one day and ordered the fried chicken and the duck sandwich. The duck was a solid dish. The chicken, however, is what drops this from 4 to 3 stars. Skimpy pieces of chicken with not a ton of flavor. Nice, crispy skin though. Mac n cheese was average. Bacon grease popcorn was the star.This is the best bar in the Olde City neighborhood. I have been eating and drinking here for years and I have had much of the food on their menu. Personally, I favor the pulled pork but any of their barbecue items will really make your mouth happy. 
Sharing a pick-3 with a date over some delicious (and often rare) craft brews can make a great night out. I also find its a great place for happy our with friends becuase many bars Happy Hour specials only include cheaper beers. At Khyber the Happy Hour special applies to everything.  The bacon popcorn is also a clutch choice to accompany happy hour beers.Fun, low key place to hang out in old city. They have a decent sized bar downstairs, with a separate dining area that has a lot of tables. There is a small bar and weird mosh-pit esque dancefloor upstairs, but that bar is cash only. Great selection of draft beers. The biggest drawback is that if all the seats at the bar are full, there's not really much room to stand unless you sit in the dining area, but that definitely has a different vibe. I heard the food is really good do I will probably be back to check that out.DELICIOUS.  My friend and I stopped here last night after a concert at festival pier. We were both starving so we ordered the bacon grease popped popcorn before our waiter even said hello. The waiter was awesome, friendly and very attentive. The popcorn was so incredibly delicious seasoned perfectly with cayenne and paprika type spices. I cannot wait to eat it again!!!! 
I got the burger and fries,  both so good. The burger was juciy, definitely better than your average. It can definitely compete with fountain porter and silk city.
My friend got the fried chicken, mac and cheese and a biscuit.  The biscuit was huge and incredibly good. Moist, dense and perfect flavor.  Not too floury or salty.  The mac and cheese was soooo good. I usually do not like mac and cheese unless it is homemade at restaurants because it just tastes flavorless and salty. But this mac and cheese was definitely homemade and it was delicious, there was so much cheese and it had a delicious crust on top.
 basically, I cannot wait to go back again this place was so great.Oh Khyber Pass Pub, i love you so, so much. One of the very rare places where myself, who is  vegetarian, and my fiancee, who is decidedly NOT  vegetarian, can share a meal and both of us leave happy. Definitely try the vegan pulled pork sandwich, as well as the nachos, and the hush puppies for sure, and if you're doing brunch there, which you should, you have to get the bananas foster french toast, it is ridiculous.Their kitchen is open until 2am in Old City everyday, need I say more? Their food is great and they have a wonderful beer selection. I'm definitely a fan and will be returning anytime I'm in Old City. Also get their sweet potato fries, some of the best I've ever had!If I could give this place six stars, I would! They honestly have some of the best vegan food in the city. The vegan chicken po-boy rocks my world. I don't think I've ever had a vegan meal here that I didn't absolutely love. They have a spectacular beer selection as well. I also enjoy that despite being in Old City, it does not attract the douche-baggery suburbanites. Very hip and low-key. Highly recommend!!!They have a drink menu that would fit any palate. It's one of the few restaurants I have seen with a Pimm's Cup on the menu... the food menu is also extensive. Try the popcorn which has quite a kick to it, that can be offset by any beverage. They also have many vegan options, which is great for those friends that are vegan and always complaining about finding somewhere to eat. The BBQ Vegan Pulled Pork was delicious, as were the sweet potato fries and collared greens. It was a Sunday, so service was a bit overwhelmed by the large crowd. Don't go if you have a time limit. Also, found the background music a bit too loud.I'm a vegetarian who loves fried foods. This is the perfect spot for me!Great service every time come here. Food was delicious and drinks always good. Dave was our server and has been our bartender.  Love coming here!Full disclosure- I was a frequent visitor of the Khyber in it's previous life, as a dark & dirty, divey rock venue. I was such a loyal visitor, I refused to go to this "Khyber Pass Pub" for a long time out of loyalty to the spirit of the original Khyber. How dare they take it away from me! Well, I confess: I was goddamn stupid. STUPID, I say.
After hearing through word-of-mouth (you know, how people found out about things pre-Yelp), that the KPP had a bangin' menu (their words), we decided to drop in on a Friday. It was a First Friday in old city, so I prepared for a madhouse.
Not so much. It was busy, but we were seated within 10 minutes. The tables are a weeee bit too close together though. Another 6 inches in each direction would be great, but as long as your sister's miscarriage isn't a topic of conversation, everything should be gravy. I mean bacon fat. I mean bacon fat popcorn. What? I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. It says "bacon fat popcorn" on the menu. (You should try it. It's well worth the vein clog.)
The menu: Do you love BBQ with a southern/Louisiana flavor? This is the place. Pulled pork? Yes, gimme more. They have a BBQ sampler for those who can't choose. The vegan po' boy is great too, and I'm not even vegan. Their mashed potatoes are basically "we cooked this potato in enchanted salt water and literally smashed it onto your plate." And surprise! That's vegan too. The mac & cheese is not, of course. I burned my mouth on it from eating it too fast, and you know what? Worth it.
Huge draft list, and reasonably priced.
If you have a mixed group of vegans, veggies, omnivores, carnivores, and beer fanatics, this is the Place To Take Them All. Go during the week to avoid the old city weekend crowds. I've been there several times now and it makes me feel silly for not going for so long. But it's ok, I plan on making up for lost time.It is dark in here, but it has a beautiful old bar that has been there since the 1800s. The food is incredible for both vegans and carnivores alike. I had the vegan BBQ sandwich after I questioned the poor waiter for a while on what type of BBQ sauce it is because I worried it was thick and not really the vinegar-based NC sauce I know and love. Sure enough, it was! Not icky and gooey and with perfect cole slaw on the BBQ as it should be. I also ate the vegan Po-boy which was equally delicious. This place is excellent for vegetarians and I wish I lived in Philly because I would go all the time.Khyber was a great find for a trip to Philly. My girlfriend and I stumbled upon it when we were looking for a place to eat. I would definitely come back here.
The pub:
The area is sectioned into a bar area and a seating area. The bar was completely full when we came in and there were two decent sized groups in the seating area. The noise level was loud but we were able to still talk to each other if we leaned in and talked a bit louder. The lights are dimmed down but there are candles on the table that give a very warm atmosphere. The decor was very "pub like" and there were nice wooden benches to sit on for tables. 
The food:
+Bacon Grease Popcorn
We seen so many reviews recommending the popcorn so we had to try it. There's a reason for the hype. The popcorn was incredible. It had such an intense flavor from the bacon grease that it felt like if you ate the bag of popcorn, you would be satisfied with that as a meal. At the same time, I wasn't able to eat this popcorn like I would other popcorn or chips. My hand kept plunging in for more but at a certain point, I just couldn't anymore. It wasn't that I was full, it was that I think the flavor was almost too much for me to have it all in one go. This wasn't a big deal however. We took the popcorn home to eat and we managed to eat it over several days. The popcorn didn't show signs of becoming stale until the fourth day in and it was just left out, wrapped in a plastic bag. The popcorn comes in a brown paper bag with the top rolled down so that you get maybe 3/4 of a standard brown bag. When its brought out, dots of oil will already begin to show on the brown bag, almost as if it were a signature mark to an amazing snack. I would highly recommend getting this cheap and amazing appetizer and would definitely get this if I were to come back. 
+Roast Duck Sandwich
The roast duck was pretty good but I didn't eat much of it. It was my girlfriend's meal. It was a special that day and I think it was well worth it but I wouldn't get it again if we came back.
+Pulled Pork
I never had pulled pork before so I thought it was a bit dry. However, the sauces they provide you with go above and beyond to make this meal amazing. The three sauces are either vinegar based, mustard based, or ketchup based. My preference was the mustard then the ketchup and leagues behind is the vinegar for the simple fact that the vinegar was just a liquid and I like my sauces thicker. I realized I am not a huge fan of pulled pork however, and would not get this again.
The duck and pork came with sides:
+Cheddar Cheese Fries
The fries were pretty good but nothing special about them in my opinion. The cheddar cheese was nice but it wasn't too different from other cheese fries I've had. 
+Mashed Potatoes
These mashed potatoes were one of the best I've had. They aren't those pureed potatoes that you get from Boston Market or KFC. They were mashed enough so that they had a consistent... consistency but they were as liquidy as pureed mash. They had the skins on them still which I am a huge fan for and they were seasoned very well. The right amount. I would get these again.
+Baked Mac n Cheese
This was the best part of the meal, second to the popcorn. There wasn't anything too special about this mac n cheese and yet it was so delicious. The breading was just the right amount, maybe a bit less than I would have liked and the cheese was so very creamy. I would definitely come back for more. 
This was a nice place and I could definitely see people coming here with a bunch of their friends, getting some drinks and getting the amazing bacon grease popcorn to share. For a couples place, I think it was too loud but we definitely enjoyed it for a date. Just as long as it isn't too busy.I decided after a few more visits to Khyber that they deserve another star. 
I have now tried their barbecue, and can definitely say it's some of the best I've had in the city, and I love that you can customize it with their sauces. Vinegar, Ketchup, Mustard-based or all-three, you've got it, and as a girl who loves her sauces, I LOVE that. I hate being confined to one flavor the entire meal. This way, you're free to switch it up!
We also tried their brunch on Easter Sunday and man, that bananas foster french toast was awesome!
Overall, un-pretentious, good food, at good prices. I've become quite the fan!
Oh, and they redeemed themselves on the fried green tomatoes. Had them again and they were not hard, so they get a pass from me on that first time.The beer selection is diverse and impressive.  The food menu is unique in that it offers some traditional Southern cuisine, Belgian fanfare, and excellent pub food like their Khyber Burger.  They also offer a daily brunch from 10am-4pm, which is essential on the weekends.  The West Louisiana Hash was fantastically loaded with BBQ brisket.Cool vibe to drink and eat good beverages and food. Love it. Has character... lots of it. If you like chains or bright places with pop music, go elsewhere. 
The bartenders have a personality and knowledge, and give an honest opinion. They are excited about the beer and drinks they serve, and the food too. 
Philadelphia isn't always on my travel plans, but when I get here I come here. Experience some character! 
Cheers!This was a fun place to have a few drinks. A great beer selection, good selection of scotch - interesting and diverse clientele and a friendly and prompt bartender. I did not eat here.  Not too noisy when I was in, I will likely return when the mood hits me and I'm in the area.I used to go here when I was much younger for the upstairs drink specials on Sunday nights. Back then it was quite the dive but I always had a great time. I've been here 3 or 4 times since it was redone and I think it's been outstanding every time.  The po boys are what stood out for me the most, every one that I've tried has been amazing.  All of the sides I've tried were great too, especially the coleslaw.  It's hard to make perfect coleslaw and a lot of places just throw it together, but this coleslaw was in fact perfect, ever time that I had it. Pretty much everything else I've tried has been great too, you can tell that they actually care about what they send out of the kitchen, it's never just thrown together and rushed out. On top of all that they have a good beer selection.Warning! Candied bacon is only served during brunch...
Poboys seems to be where this place really shines. The bread is soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, the filling is pretty good and they have some cool combinations. Surf and turf was a good pick for sure.
Boudin balls were ok.
Gumbo was tolerable.
Fries with cheese and debris was worth ordering, but I've had better gravy.
Sweet potato fries were soggy and gross, sadly.
Ribs were fall off the bone but don't have much flavor. Brisket was also very soft but it was sliced wrong so it didn't have he right consistency and the sauce that comes with the BBQ didn't blow me away either. Hard to get good BBQ outside of Texas so if you don't know any better it probably leaves a better impression.
And there was a wait for some reason. If we came back I would get a poboy, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return.Khyber's smoked beef brisket is tender and succulent, and their Muffuletta sandwich comes on the correct authentic bread (something that gets produced in the kitchen here). Very laid back atmosphere, and super friendly staff.Been here twice already and both have been great experiences.  They've got a ton of beer on tap, friendly bartenders/waitstaff, and good tunes.
Great place to relax after a stressful workweek.While I miss the music venue that was, the new Khyber wins on food in so many ways.
Things you must have:
Spicy smoky popcorn - they seriously need to productize this and sell it in stores.
Mac n Cheese.
BBQ (I prefer the KC style sweet wet sauce).
Beer.Delicious but (obviously) unhealthy.
Good beer choices, efficient & friendly service and good food.
Try the bacon grease popcorn and the cheese fries with gravy. Don't bother with the pulled pork sandwich. The po'boys are excellent.Upsides: dark pub atmosphere that's perfect for a wintry evening, good draft list, ideally situated on a block of Old City populated with numerous other great bars and restaurants.  Downsides: happy hour special isn't that great (something like $1 off drafts between 4-6 p.m.? hardly a noticeable special, to be honest), pretty noisy, and bar snacks could have been better.  My boyfriend and I shared an order of the fried okra, which took a long time to come out and seemed to be a bit less than piping hot (temperature-wise) -- perhaps someone forgot to bring it out to us and let it sit a bit too long?  
I'd consider going back here to sit in the dining area and try more of their food, especially since I've heard so many good things about it for so long.  But, at least in my mind, nothing really set this place apart from other decent brewpubs in and around center city.This place is always at the top of my list for taking out-of-town friends and its good for bigger groups, or just for two. It mixes all the charm of a neighborhood cave-esque hole-in-the-wall with an amazing and ever-changing beer list and delicious BBQ (with vegan BBQ options too!!). What more could you ask for?!?
I would recommend the pulled pork, and it's awesome on their nachos as well (but I am a total nacho lover already). Be careful with the little goblet beers because some of them have upwards of 10% ABV and the tipsy comes quickly! My only regret is that I have now dined here six times and haven't gotten the bacon grease popcorn yet... 
The service is also always fantastic. Last night, they messed up our order a bit, but then we just ended up getting to try another kind of BBQ in addition, so I don't have a single complaint. Other restaurants should take note (*cough* Prohibition *cough*) and just give patrons the extra food when they accidentally confuse orders... it makes for a much happier experience overall :)Positives: Mac and cheese, pulled pork, PO boy sandwich, biscuit, mashed potato, beer selection, nice server, portion size
Negatives: loud, fried tomatoes 
Overall: go for bbq and valueI have been here twice and have never received service. Both times sat at the bar and both times was ignored by the too cool for school hipster bartenders. I will never go back. First time I thought it was a fluke, but when it happened a second time, I was done.We have made khyper one of our must go when we are in town. We often go several times during our time in Philly just because it has such a cool vibe. I would give this place a 5 but we had a really weird experience with 2 of their bar backs on New Years. They were pretty rude to a couple of Mummers in costume. Probably upset bc they where throwing confetti- but come on, its new years and its Philly for goodness sake....
Any way- nice, really nice selection of beers. They make a lovely Pimm's cup my most fave drink right now. I don't care how cold it is outside, this drink makes me think of happy times... Tried their wings recently and they were a repeat. 
If you are in the area, make sure to stop by. I need to make sure to try their brunch next time we are in town- seems like it is very popular. 
Go enjoy. You won't regret it.Khyber Pass is what every other bar out there should aspire to be. Great ambiance, delectable beers, friendly bartenders, awesome music, great place for an out-of-towner pull up alone (me!) or for locals with a drinking partner, great happy hour specials (on good beer, not just crap domestics), and...I would be remiss if I did not mention the bacon grease popcorn. Swoooon... Khyber Pass, howest did thou achieve such perfection??Pretty okay po boy grilled chicken sandwich. I asked for it w/o mayo, which I regretted because it was rather too dry. I added ketchup to add more flavor to the sandwich but it also made it saltier. Lots of veggie toppings in the sandwich though, which I likedBBQ is some of the best in the city. Beer selection is ok. Ambiance is dark and divey. Service could be more friendly but I get it--they have a "too cool for school" vibe to uphold.Man the service sucks here. Suuuuuuucks. 
I've been here several times and the attitude of the employees is terrible. The food is decent and there's a good beer selection, but I'm tired of being treated like shit by the too-cool staff. The straw that broke the camel's back was my most recent trip, when a group of us went here after work.
"Hey what are the specials?"
"They're on the board over there." Points to wall.
"Ah, yeah I can't see those from here, can you just tell me?"
"I mean you can just walk over there... ah, well I guess there is [x,y,z]"
SO there were three specials. Three. Not sixteen or a thousand, three. And my servers idea was that all five of us should go stand awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant to go figure out what they were. If this was a pizza place I would understand. But the food is $15+ a plate, so it's not crazy to think that your server, who presumably enjoys receiving tips, could tell you the specials.
So I went to the bar area hoping to see the manager. I was told that he was "upstairs" and that "he doesn't like to be disturbed. But I guess you could tell me, like, what the issue is, and I could like, ah, tell him later." 
"Are you the assistant manager or something?"
"Nah, I'm one of the bartenders."
Yeah. Great. So shit service and a manager locked away in his high tower. Hopefully this place will go out of business and become something that doesn't suck so hard.15 years ago I ventured into the Khyber to watch a friend play in a band. Only drank beer, but I likes the ambiance. I heard it was closing, and was sad. Fearing the rumors of a Japanese-style place, I was releived when it reopened as a revamped Khyber.
Checked out the new place on Friday. Quite impressed. The beer list was fantastic. The bbq-style food was good. Kind of sad that there is Q around the corner and Khyber. Two places that serve bbq. Hopefully everyone will win.
Khyber wasn't overly crowded. Bartenders were friendly, and knowldgeable about the beer selection. Food was good. I had beef brisket, mac and cheese, and collard greens. My wife had fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and baked beans. 
Brisket was moist, but had a lot of fat. Fried chicken was crispy and juicy. 
Beer selection was quite impressive, and based solely on that, we will return.
It looks like Khyber righted itself, hopefully it will maintain a decent following and stay afloat for a long time.Kyber is open for BRUNCH everyday... I love brunch I can't wait to try it out sometime soon. I went here for lunch with a coworker BC it was open before 12. I will definitely becoming back we had a great time. Good food and serviceYUM!! My husband is from the South so we love to try BBQ wherever we go. BBQ brisket sandwich melts in your mouth and the sweet potato fries were the perfect compliment. Great beer selection. Casual low key dining.Food is absolutely amazing, probably the best burger I have had in a long time and the mac and cheese is a MUST.  It is a little bit dark inside but if you're looking for a quick sandwich or burger, this is a great spot.Easily my favorite spot to eat in Philly.  Drinks are great, service is solid, and the food is unreal.  The only down side is there is typically a wait on weekends, and when I know I'll be heading to the Khyber I usually don't eat all day because their portion sizes are huge, so the last thing I wanna do is wait (not their fault).  I 
Highly recommend this place.This is one of our "go to" places in the area.  Food is always good (have had most of the items on the menu with no disappointments yet) beer selection is always new!  The staff has been pleasant and knowledgeable and the prices are extremely reasonable.  Pretty much everything you need in a place to eat and drink!Came here after a concert late night, waiter was very attentive and received the same service as if it was middle of the day. Love this spotWe stumbled upon Khyber Pass around 11:30pm on a Thursday night. We were starving after an evening of travel, and many area kitchens were closed. We were greeted by two friendly bartenders, a fantastic beer selection, and some comfy seats at the bar. YESssssssssssssssss (you know that feeling?)
I went for the vegan pulled pork sandwich, based on the bartender's recommendation, as well as some smoked cheddar cheese fries. It was JUST what I needed. The sauce on the sandwich was excellent in combination with slaw. The fries were delish. My boyfriend enjoyed his wings, too. Next time we're in Philly, we'll probably try get back.This place is cool. I feel like its stuck in between proper BBQ-joint and dive bar feel. Really extensive beer choices. My brisket was amazing. Boiled peanuts were good. Fries, onion rings, and collared greens were subpar. The server was also being kind of pushy. Bathroom is meh.Best BBQ and mac n cheese around! Ok service, pretty extensive beer menu. Best drunk munchie meal after a night of drinking in old city? oh yeahhhhVegan, vegetarian and carnivores can all eat here food was so good! I had a delicious fried green tomatoe , bacon and lettuce sandwich with a side of greens and it was Fantastic!!!The last time I went here with a group, we got the most fantastic waiter any of us had ever had. John, the waiter, was attentive, friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. The food here has always been pretty good (that I've had) but it was the service that was really brought the place down. Not this time! So it seems they're hiring better waitstaff, hence the upgrade in rating. Always order a Big Ass Biscuit.This is my favorite pub in the Center City/Old City area.  In fact, it may be the best pub in the entire city (it's between Khyber and Memphis Taproom IMO).  Khyber has a great location, excellent food, great service, and a great draught list.
I'm a vegetarian, but don't let that stop you from taking me seriously.  The vegan/vegetarian food here is superb.  Most of it is based on New Orleans style food.  Since New Orleans is my second favorite food city (second only to Philly, of course) I'm always excited to eat at Khyber.  They always have a lot of po' boys to choose from, and usually two or three vegetarian or vegan versions.  They do the faux meat thing perfectly.  And yes, I love well-prepared faux meat dishes that taste as close to the real thing as possible.  I understand if that makes no sense to you, but just because I went vegetarian doesn't mean I don't appreciate what meat tastes like.  And if you can slaughter less animals while still imitating the taste?  Go for it.  If you're like me then you'll love Khyber.
They also have amazing nachos here; some of the best in the city. (It's between Khyber and P.O.P.E. IMO).
The service is always friendly, too.  A huge plus over some of the nearby Old City staple pubs that seem to have servers who pride themselves on always letting you know how "cool" they are.
The draught list is always a big draw.  Come try craft beers from all over the country with some of the best pub food in the city.  You won't be disappointed.I am not sure what to rate this place since the two times I ate there were vastly different.
1st visit:: 5 stars!  Ordered the vegan pulled pork with sweet potato fries and a side of mac & cheese.  Everything was delicious.  I was surprised how good the pulled pork was since I still cannot understand how seitan can be prepared to resemble pulled pork.  Delicious!
2nd visit: 2 stars.  Vegan fried chicken sandwich, seitan sausage sandwich, sweet potato fries and mac & cheese.  The sides were delicious just like the first time, but something was off with both of the sandwiches.  My BF thinks they were old, which is entirely possible since we were both in gastrointestinal hell shortly after our meal.  
Overall, if I were ever in Philly again I would definitely get that vegan pulled pork.  The best part: sweet potato creme brulee.   Straight up heaven in my mouth.The food here is awesome!!!!! My boyfriend is a Fried Chicken Connoisseur...he says their fried chicken is some of the best he's ever had. I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sammix. I was a very happy girl. Yummy. The bartender was awesome too! She was great, suggesting beers for us to try and what would go well with our meals. Great!!Decided to give Khyber Pass a try for dinner on a Sunday night. The service, beer selection, and food were all top notch. The vibe inside was laid back with an eclectic decor. I had the brisket. It was so tender I didn't need a knife. The portions were huge and left me stuffed. I will definitely be stopping back to try some other menu items that piqued my interest and recommend giving it a try!Went here for a friends birthday and on a Friday night we were easily accomodated for a party of about nine without a reservation. While waiting for our guests to arrive, we got the bacon grease popcorn!! Spicy and fatty, it tasted just like fresh cooked bacon. I split a roasted chicken special with my friend and that was PLENTY of food. I also picked off a friends plate of the pulled pork and it was AMAZING. The three different BBQ sauces were all amazing (mustard base, ketchup base and a vinegar base). Prices were reasonable, beers were good and had I could, I would have kept stuffing my fat face. I hate going to the same place twice, but I WILL be back here!The food is amazing and really unique for Philadelphia. The cuisine reminds me of living in the South and that may add bonus points to this review. The hush puppies and mac and cheese are to die for and there's plenty of veggie options for my vegetarian lady. Plenty of meat options to feed my cave man needs. 
Service is mostly good. It's usually packed but the wait for food is never too long. 
The beer list is amazing. A ton of choices and good details on their menu. Plus, the staff is knowledgeable about the beer. 
Hit this spot up when in Old City.Great beer list, wonderful bartenders who are friendly, bacon popcorn, incredible gumbo. yum.Went there the other night for dinner with my boyfriend. I had a cheeseburger and he got the pulled bloody sandwich. Everything was great! The French fries could have been a little crispier, in my opinion, but there were still good. The service was pretty good :)We stumbled upon this place while wandering around on Labor Day. It was the sign out front that got me, promising a Louisiana style brunch. Being that my boyfriend just moved here from Louisiana, I knew we had to check it out. When we walked in I was a little skeptical that they would have good food, as it has a dive bar feel. And that isn't necessarily brunch friendly. My expectations were more than exceeded. I ordered the bananas foster French toast and a side of praline bacon, as promised on the sign. He was excited to order fried green tomatoes and boudin with hash browns and eggs, a taste of home. We sampled some of each other's food and agreed everything was amazing! I'm not a huge sweets for breakfast person but the French toast was some of the best I had!!! And the praline bacon was like candied bacon. So good. And then I topped off brunch with a beer brewed with chai tea. That's a breakfast beer right? If you are in town come check it out. Great beer list and even better food!!My family was in town visiting, so I decided to take them out to Philadelphia. It was a first time for all of us. We went to Spruce Street Harbor Park to enjoy the nice lights and drinks they have there during the summer. It was close to 11pm by the time we were walking back to our car and we never had dinner (because we had a late lunch), so we decided to see if there was anything open nearby we could eat at before getting in our car to drive home. We first stopped by 2nd Story, but they already stopped serving food by then, so we asked if they knew of any place still serving food nearby. This is the place he recommended.
At first sight, this place looks like a dingy bar, and we weren't sure what to expect. While it is a pub (and the restrooms will remind you of that), the food was amazing! I wasn't sure if I'd be able to find anything for myself, being that I'm a vegetarian, but they had numerous vegan options, even vegan desserts! However, I opted for the nachos off the appetizer menu. As ecstatic as I was that they were vegan-friendly, the vegan options were things like bbq pulled pork, bbq ribs, etc. None of which I ever ate as a carnivore, so even though it was vegan, I wasn't interested. You'd think of all the vegan stuff they had, and all the normal stuff they normally serve at pubs, they'd have a veggie burger, but oh well. The nachos weren't bad (although, I prefer nacho cheese, rather than melted cheese because melted cheese tends to harden quickly). I also got the sweet potato bisque off of their specials menu and that tasted like baby food, so I wouldn't recommend that if you ever see that on the menu.
I had some of the sides my family got with their orders and the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese are amazing! If I ever end up here again, I am definitely going to just order myself a bunch of sides. I also tried their collared greens, which were good as well. Everyone at my table enjoyed their meals, and they give you decently large portions. Walking into this pub was a nice surprise. It reminds you not to ever judge a book by it's cover.Had lunch and ordered the brisket sandwich, mac n cheese, and a beer. The beer was excellent as was the overall beer selection.  The mac n cheese was very good but nothing unusual or extraordinary. And the brisket was ok... tender, not dry but not juicy either, too much bbq sauce that was not really a good compliment to the beef, and the beef had almost no smoke flavor. It was not horrible but not great. It's a nice place, waiter was fine, and prices good. So overall, a very average experience.Brotherly Love 
Philly deserves a new image makeover.  Sure, the Phillies play in a baseball stadium that has a cell to dry out the stupid drunks but the enlightened, gracious, California chill hipsters that run Gastro Pubs like Khyber Pass more than make up for their meathead minded shortcomings.  
I love Philly Hipsters, especially the ones that work at Khyber Pass. Unlike Brooklyn Hipsters,   they're not as obsessed with showing how cool they are, they just are by being way more considerate, chill and better looking which would explain why they're so much more comfortable in their inked out skin. Also, Philly Hipsters get to savor a much richer selection of craft brews and hard to beat Gastro Pub fare that's blessed with all the local foodie touches at half the Brooklyn prices which must be the other reason why they're such a pleasure to be around. 
I went there on a Saturday Afternoon with my wife and 15 month baby girl.  Our waiter nodded towards a corner seat and told us to make ourselves comfortable. I loved how non-frenetic and low key he was about us getting situated. He acknowledged us in a measured, warm way but wasn't running off to grab a high chair either. But I was ok with that laid back attitude because we didn't take forever to be acknowledged or get frozen out because our kids threw their four star yelp coolness rating into jeopardy. 
We've been taking our baby girl to bars in NY since week 2 and this was by far her favorite one. She spent the entire time playing on the party tattered, liver lived in floor which made it the most wholesome, G rated Bar Crawl ever.  We fed her the cornmeal coated, extra meaty, bomb briny, oysters which she scrambled for with blazing, Randall Cunningham type speed.
My pulled pork sandwich was scrumptious and hearty, but not a rib rattling Rocky Balboa gut shot either.  I thought the dosage of vinegar could've been scaled back a tad yet the extra sour snap wasn't overwhelming or hard to come to grips with either.  Also, the coleslaw on the pulled pork sandwich was  zesty, refreshing and breezier than an Elton Brand turnaround fader.   Last, the toasty Kaiser roll used in the Pulled Pork sandwich made made me smitten for more poppy seeds which was a surprise.  Normally,  I have no love for a seed that is respected more for it's staying power than it' great stuff  like Steve Carlton
Also, the beer selection  here was as good as it gets.  On tap, it had more glittering studs than Allen Iverson. I had the Evil Twin Saison which comes all the way from Denmark yet selections such as the IPA Saison from Flying Fish got me even more excited knowing that their beers are hard to spot around the Island of Manhattan.  I also had the Saison, collaboration, between Dogfish, Victory and Stone at some dumpy bar in Wilmington DE that Labor Day weekend which is further evidence that Philly is worth dumping New York for based on their beer selection alone.This place was highly rated on Foursquare for 'regular' food so wasn't sure what I was getting myself into when looking for vegan food. Boy as I surprised! All options were clearly marked and there were plenty of items to choose from.  To top it off my meal was delicious.  Would highly recommend!Really, really good stuff. Creole hot sausage po boy w/ mac and cheese for me, vegetarian nachos for her. Would recommend all of it.The beer snob in me was a huge fan of the beer selection.  The carnivore in me was thrilled by one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had.  The accommodater in me was pleased to see lots of vegan and vegetarian options for my more enlightened friends.  This place pleases all of the Brandies inside of me!  
You enter into the bar area, which is pleasantly dark and cozy, and then have the option of stepping down into a larger room with tables if you want to eat.  I loved the atmosphere, including the *REAL* jukebox, instead of those stupid Touchtunes jukeboxes that have invaded even the best of bars. 
The server wasn't the most attentive in the world, but this was a Friday night, so I totally can't hold that against them.  
Like I said, the beer selection was great, and being an out of towner, I got to try a few things I had never had before.  It was actually the beers that brought me there, but the burger that left me RIDICULOUSLY HAPPY.  Oh man.  My friends actually had to tell me to stop gloating about it.  Yeah, it was that good.  One of my friends got the vegetarian pulled pork and was also pretty pleased with it.
Go here.  Get the burger.  Drink good beer.  Be happy.Easily my favorite go-to place!  They always have a solid beer selection and the music is way better than what other bars in the area are playing.  Great place to go to for bruch, especially hungover because it's pretty dark in there and it goes until 4pm.  Friendly staff, which is always a plus.We refer to Khyber as our Cheers.  There's always a friendly familiar face to greet us, and they know our names!  The food is consistently great, the servers/bartenders are always knowledgeable of the menu (which there are different daily specials) and how to pair the best libation with your meal.   I am a beer drinker and I'm confident that there are few other establishments in Philly that can rival the Khyber's beer selection. Which changes weekly btw. 
My only challenge is that I always ask my server to surprise me with a beer of their choice so I never remember what I had the time before. The only parameters I request is the abv i.e. 7% or below.  Which often times 80% of the beer selection is well over 7%.  Generally when we go back, the options have changed but are always good. I wouldn't recommend going in looking for a Miller Light Draft.  They're proud beer connoisseurs and they may laugh but suggest a great local, light beer.  
As for food, love the Bayona's duck sandwich.  I've had the actual duck sandwich at Bayona's in New Orleans and Khyber's is a pretty solid rendition.  The fried green tomatoes, crawfish etouffee, honey habanero chicken wings, bbq pulled pork sandwich the boudin and eggs for brunch are a few other favorites.  And for any of you veggie/vegan folks, I was told the chef was vegan for a few years so there are usually non-animal options on the menu.  
As for cons...the only negative feedback I can give is when we walk into the bar or restaurant and it's so damn busy there's no room for us.  I'd like to think we have seats with our names on them and are bummed when reminded that we aren't the only Philly patrons who frequent the Khyber.Food was great. As a vegetarian I was thrilled to have multiple unique options for an entree. I ended up getting the vegan sausage with mac n' cheese and loved it. Overall was pretty loud in there but it was also late on a satuThis, ladies and gents, is a bar. Fantastic beer variety ranging from local to national to European. Service was great, and loved the dim atmosphere. What caught me off guard was their fantastic food options. Their regular menu has some tasty sounding items, but then they have an extensive specials menu as well. I had a special crawfish etouffee that was simply divine and absolutely traditional. This dish could certainly have held its own down on the Gulf Coast.
Whether a local or a visitor (like me), this place is a must stop. Plus they play some great tunes on top of it all. A bit pricy, but you're getting what you pay for.Don't let the name fool you - a night out here is a bit easier than actually crossing from Pakistan into Afghanistan, but it may be just as much of an adventure. This place is always buzzing with energy and is great for groups and lively conversation. It's cozy and vivacious all at the same time, and is the kind of place where you can get comfortable for a long time. The barbecue and the po boys are incredible, and the bacon grease popcorn is stunningly indulgent and amazingly delicious. Khyber Pass is easily one of my favorite spots in Philly.When places have over 400 reviews, I don't tend to add mine, cuz, why bother?  BUT, making an exception here for wonderful weird little Khyber Pass - don't pass it by when you're strolling in Old City.  Yes, it's dark, yes, there are lots of locals - BUT, step inside and you'll find some truly great local beers and some mighty tasty food.  Founders Rubaeus, yum!  The happy hour brings good value, including on the night I went, some very very delicious hush puppies with sauces for dipping.  The bar area is good for drinks and appetizers, but sit in the restaurant for more quiet and a real meal.  Will go again...This place was really great. I met up with some friends here and we were all pretty impressed. The beer list was extensive, it had anything you could possibly want. 
They also have pretty good food. We all shared a pulled pork sandwich, a catfish po boy, and collard greens and everything was outstanding. The atmosphere was very relaxed, friendly, and it wasn't too crowded. I fully intend on returning here very soon!I have been here twice and everything was great both times! Best bar in the city. I went both times with my best friend and the first time, I had a lot of wine, Chardonnay, which was good. Met some cute guys too. The second time, last night, I had a couple of amaretto sours and a couple of glasses of reisling. The prices were a little high, especially for the wine...$8.80 per glass. My friend and I shared vegan pulled pork nachos with no sour cream and no cheese, and I didn't even miss the dairy and meat. (My friend is vegan so I eat vegan when I'm out with her.) We both met a guy we hit it off with too! (Tip: ask for Ritchie's vegan wings...haven't had em yet but they're supposed to be good, coming from the upstairs manager.) Enjoy! :)I just made my first official trip into The Khyber since its recent culinary and style rebirth, and it will not be my last.  The place is full of character, delicious southern-style food with fun twists, a great (though not exhaustive) beer selection, and knowledgeable down-to-earth staff.  You know what it is not full of?  Itself!  Always a refreshing bonus.
The meal in question was a Thursday, late-night, post-movie nosh with my husband after we had been turned away from a neighbor establishment that had randomly closed their kitchen early that night.  I was a little bit nervous, as husband has a somewhat limited (but expanding) palette, but we were hungry and thirsty and he was up for an adventure.  A summer weeknight in the city had the place pretty slow (~ 1/2 full bar, and just a few occupied tables), and we grabbed seats at the bar to keep an eye on the Phillies game.  The music was loud, but energetically rather than overbearingly so.  I was able to have a conversation with my immediate neighbor without shouting.
I had a difficult time deciding on food, as the menu was large and diverse, and there were also many specials available.  The overall influence was southern comfort food, but fancied up just enough to keep the comfort interesting.  I went with a great spinach salad with grilled shrimp, sauteed mushrooms and spiced walnuts topped with a simply delightful cane sugar balsamic vinaigrette, while my husband devoured a BBQ brisket sandwich with perfectly cooked shoestring (non-battered) fries.  I helped offset my nice healthy salad by succumbing to the temptation of a red velvet cupcake, which was only very good (rather than outstanding), but satisfied my sweet tooth nonetheless.
The bartenders were very cool about letting one sample a draft before committing to a pint (or half pint if you desire!), which is a nice touch.  When I requested a sample of a particular IPA (after finishing a pint of another), the young lady brought me a sample of the one I requested along with an additional IPA that she thought was even better.  She was right, and I appreciated her confidence in providing the recommendation.
My only regret is that I waited so long to actually try out the new Khyber after hearing the raves it was getting.  I am looking forward to many happy returns to explore their menu and see what fun new beers I can discover.Came here a couple weeks ago for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. I was skeptical given that it's a bit divey and in Old City. But all concerns vanished quickly. First, who knew getting parking on a Saturday late morning in Old City would be so ridiculously easy. The staff was totally chill, friendly and not pretentious. I had a Bananas Foster French Toast, and though it's not too hard to mess up, they delivered one hefty and delicious dish to put me on Cloud 9 at the start of the day. We sat by the window in the bar area and it didn't have the Friday night leftover booze stink you'd anticipate on a Saturday morning. All around great experience.i heard it was bought by puck from the real world and that's how it got ruined. then he sold it. so, now they're trying to do shows again... only upstairs. not the same. oh well.Went in for dinner, sat at the bar, good service. 
I had high expectations for the food based on reviews here. We started with the bacon grease popcorn - I really didn't think it was anything special, and I could still kind of taste it the next day. We ate  half the bag. We then had fried oysters, fried green tomatoes, and the Boudin Balls. Of these the only one i would order again is the oysters. The other items were kind of meh. Dinner for me was brisket with mac n cheese and beans on the side. The Brisket was good. I'm not going to call it great, I've had much better, but it was good. The mac n cheese and beans fall into the same category. Huge sides. I ate maybe 1/4 of them, maybe. My cohort had the pulled pork sandwich and declared it excellent. Am I glad to check this off the list? Yes. Do I wish I'd gone to Amada or Buddokan for dinner after drinks at Khbyer Pass Pub, you bet I do. 
great place for drinks - really, but i think i'll leave it at that. Maybe the oyster app.