Awesome Authentic Sushi & Coolest Owner: The menu does not reflect what they are capable of... So, tell Alex(owner) or Andy (Sushi Chef)what you like & they'll make you love them! The best rolls I've had here are specials or NOT on the menu!?! Sushi is fresh, simple and delightful! 
Honorable Mention : Red Snapper Appetizer, Spicy Tuna Wrap, Punto Maki Special, Alex Maki, Kisso Maki, SST Maki, Mix & Match, Love Maguro, Sushi Salads
I wish they weren't closed in the late afternoon and the decor could use some updating HOWEVER; the sushi, staff and prices are excellent! + they are BYOB!! IF you are into enormous rolls,  slathered in heavy sauces with pastes or slaws of fish you can't recognize this place ISN'T for you!I really do not get all of the 5 star ratings. The place is small and the interior looks really worn. Don't even look down at the carpet as you will probably just turn around and walk out. Not a snob or anything but when you're eating raw fish I expect the establishment to be clean from the front door all the way through the kitchen. As for the food really nothing to write home about. Just your average sushi.I am not even sure I can truly write a review on the food. We had a birthday party of 10 and let them make the dishes themselves, as in their choice.  We only received rolls, 6 platters of about 20 pieces, 2 bowels of edimame, one small side of baby octopus. It wasn't my party so I didn't question the check, but in looking at the menu and the most expensive I could come up with was 350 with tip.  This is a BYOB.  No drinks involved.  It was 520 DOLLARS including tip.  Are you kidding me.  We never even got sushi.  All specialty rolls.  That is a joke for anyone who knows sushi.  I personally think they took advantage of a group that was out celebrating.  That and it looks like they haven't cleaned or replaced the chairs in 10 years.  Would never ever go again!Had the Kisso Cocktail and Seaweed salad as appetizers, both were unbelievable. For the entrée, had the Kisso platter which was very generous, and the special roll of the day, which was a salmon roll and a monitor roll. The sushi here is insanely fresh and of the best quality. Loved that it was byob. Crushed a bottle of wine and saki on Valentine's Day. Best sushi in philly.Good sushi, fresh ingredients, but amazingly slow. Half empty restaurant, and we waited about 40 mins for our food. I got the chirashi, bf got the sushi platter, neither came with even miso soup, which is unusual for  over-$20 dishes. Neither of our dishes were large either, so it was a good thing we weren't hungry.
Anyways, very pricey and crazy slow, but sushi tastes fresh at least, which is more than I can say for most sushi places.I wanted Kisso to be so much better mainly because they are 2 blocks from my house and also because I love sushi.
Pros:
Friendly staff
Nice décor
Great location
Cons:
Overly salty miso
Dry rice
Very high price for what you get
BYOB. Normally that is a good thing. However, I love hot sake with my sushi.
Although the portion size on the Hamachi and Maguro were decent. The "Dynamite Roll" had only 5 pieces and cost as much as a most rolls having 8. Also the Unagi was grilled earlier in the day. And who puts iceberg lettuce in a roll...SERIOUSLY?!?The sushi at kisso can't be beat!   I have been eating here since it opened and everything has always been delicious. 
My favorite things are the baby octopus, the striper app, and the mix + match. I can not live my life as happy person without mix + match.
I did an omakase last week and it was one of the best meals I've ever had!Quiet, cute sushi spot with simple, delicious rolls. Priced well for great ingredients. Will definitely go back!Been going here since they opened. Friendly staff and excellent affordable Sushi.Great neighborhood sushi place - I always have fantastic food whenever I come . I was shocked to see some of the negative reviews on here. The sushi is excellent, and the place always has a nice low-key vibe to it. It's a bit pricier than your average sushi joint, but the food is MUCH better, and I'm not exactly a sushi snob. 
They are also very classy. Despite being BYOB, they happily provide "service" for your drinks. If you bring champagne, they'll bring over an ice bucket. If you bring a six-pack, they'll keep it in the fridge for you if you like, and bring over replacement bottles as needed.
Try it if you get the chance!The best sushi place in old city. Kevin maki, jay roll, sst maki, miso soup, it's all fantastic!This place has seemingly very fresh fish. I got one of their lunch specials which comes with miso soup. The California roll was very small. It was probably about half as large in diameter, plus about half as long (they cut it up and put the pieces on the plate face-up) as expected. I have actually never had a roll that was so small before. Cuts of fish on top of rice were large, which almost made up the difference.
Wait time was a little long for being the only person in the restaurant. The place smelled like old soy sauce due to their old tables and place mats. They need to clean the restaurant a little.
I would probably try a few other sushi places before going here again.Wasabi is almost always horseradish with green food coloring, like pretty much always. 
Good, now we're all on the same page. So when I heard that one of their specials was real wasabi my 3 star experience elevated to a 4 with little chance of ever being a 3 again. 
The experience was hovering around mediocre due to a few quick annoyances paired with the fact that we had all of the time in the world. If we had a show to catch (we don't catch shows) or set plans for after dinner this review might have taken a darker path. 
1) It took about 10 minutes to be greeted. 7 minutes into it we were passed right by and another (arrived later) group was sat. At least greet and explain that it will be a few minutes. During that time we noticed that a lot of tables didn't yet have their food. The servers were in the weeds and given the typical fully exposed kitchen you could tell that the back of house was as well. With that being said, they handled themselves professionally and executed. 
2) There is no visible attempts at sound dampening. A few of those squares on the ceiling would do wonders. The sensory overload of a hundred conversations was distracting. I.E. the place is loud and the noise bounces everywhere. 
The above two set the tone for a 3 pending the meal. We settled in with a bottle of Sake and fully expected a long wait for the food. As expected it took around 45 minutes to get our order. They brought out some complimentary edamame which help curb the hunger and was a nice honest admission of fault. It was 8pm on a Saturday night so it was understandable. 
What matters: The food was absolutely phenomenal. The time to prepare clearly was an expression of care and meticulousness as every bite was perfect. It's almost as if they should scale back seating to allow for a more intimate experience paired with some of the best Sushi that Philly has to offer. We've tried a number of places and make it a point to eat Sushi once a week and we both agreed this was one of the best in terms of food. There isn't anything flashy like crazy sushi and the presentation is pretty straightforward.  Yes the real wasabi was great. 
What could be improved:
1) Greet in 5 minutes or less. Even if it's to say we will be with you in a minute. It started to get a little awkward at the front door.
2) The menu doesn't reflect the food quality and is in need of updating. It is in our opinion difficult to navigate. There is no clear direction or eye catching  placements. I feel that a menu should guide you through the experience, we both felt lost when ordering. 
3) Sound dampening. 
Our server was great and attentive and similar vibes were felt from the rest of the staff. 
In short, if you are looking for a simplistic approach to Sushi I would suggest giving Kisso a shot.Melt in your mouth tasty sushi.  I really liked the slightly warm temperature of the rolls, freshness of the fish and the perfection of the rice (soft and not stiff).  I got the dynamite roll(soft shell crab), spicy tuna w/avocado and shrimp tempura/salmon roll.  All pretty classic combinations done very well with special attention paid to contrasting textures and flavors.  It wasn't quite enough for 2 people so we also shared a seaweed salad and the shumai (special).  The shumai were made with fresh pasta and were nice and puffy.  The server warned us that they were very, very hot which only made me want them more.  They weren't pepper hot though, more like intense horseradish blasting through your sinuses hot.  Kisso is a quality sushi restaurant.  It will not razzle dazzle you but you will leave very satisfied with the food and the price is reasonable.I really had high hopes for this place and I'm not usually a harsh reviewer, but, I was severely disappointed. We came on a Friday night without a reservation but, with multiple seats open and on the earlier side (6pm). The hostess seemed incredibly flustered to seat us, but, did anyway. It took at least 15 minutes to get our drinks (water and a soda), and another 15 minutes for our actual server to arrive. Another couple arrived a good 20 minutes after us and received their drinks and appetizers before we were even asked to order our entree. We finally ordered one sushi roll to start out with which took an honest 45 minutes. I had ordered soup, but, never received it. I assumed the server had forgotten and that it wasn't a big deal. The sushi was very good, I will give them that! But, the service was just unacceptable. We ended up leaving because we were hungry and didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for more food. I will give this place another try in the future, but, unfortunately, they need some work in their service department.The best sushi anywhere- fresh, beautifully presented. Alex is a genius!This is the perfect little out of the way sushi joint. Completely unpretentious. Wait staff is lovely.No spicy mayo. No "Dynamite Roll" and the like. Just super fresh, quality sushi in an unassuming neighborhood spot. I have been coming to Kisso for years, and have brought everyone from parents, to dates, to special out-of-town guests. One of the things I love about Kisso is that it is both consistent and versatile. It can feel like a quick, casual bite or a special occasion spot. The ambiance is warm and inviting, and the servers are sweet and have good energy. Try to become a regular. Once Alex the chef starts to recognize you, he may send out the occasional special treat or off menu item. One time he sent me and my date a brie and pickled plum sushi role that was one of the most unique bites of food I have ever tasted. If you haven't reached "regular" status yet, the SST roll never disappoints.The best thing about this are the facts that it is BYOB and not too expensive.  I guess you get what you pay for.  The sushi was disappointing.  Some of it flat out tasted weird - like cumin in one set of rolls.  Much of the rest was simply boring at best, and some of fish did not taste that fresh.Kisso is my go-to for great sushi and a reasonable price that's not too far of a trek for me (they also do pickup if you'd rather eat at home).  Their mojito roll is to die for and all their rolls are fresh and not overly done with sauces and spices, which is nice.  It's a BYO but I've yet to remember to bring a bottle of wine with me when I go. I have definitely seen groups of people there with wine having a lovely time.  Their green tea ice cream is also delicious.The food is delicious! We tried a variety of sushi rolls and everything was outstanding. And if you want some sort of a roll that isn't on the menu you can just ask the sushi chef to make it. (i.e. "Can you make me some crazy variation of a spicy tuny roll?") So needless to say, the service is awesome as well! We will definitely be back soon :)Hidden gem. I have been to most sushi places in Philly, low and high end. This is my favorite in Philadelphia. 
I am someone who loves and knows fish. I ordered sushi from Kisso more than 100 times easily, and there has not been a single time they disappointed me. My order is always fresh and delicious. I go with my usual: chirashi, baby octopus and 1-2 rolls and always feel satisfied.  
Keep in mind. If you are looking for a long list of sauce-filled rolls which won't even allow you to taste the fish in them, this is not the place for you. They  respect fish. The decor is not poor, but also not very high end. What they lose in decor they make up in quality of fish.Stopped in here to celebrate the last pottery class of the term at the clay studio and Alex (also a student) had them bring out a delicious assortment of sushi for us. Everything I tried was amazing. There is a new roll with cilantro and salmon skin on top, what a tasteful combo!  I will return to this place!  Delicious!The sushi here never fails to satisfy my cravings!!!!! They have these little tempura spheres they coat some rolls with and they're so fun and add great texture. They have a great variety of cooked and raw rolls. Even though it's a small restaurant there is also bar seating and it's totally worth it and parking is never too bad even though it is in old city.This place is really great for sushi!  I haven't eaten there that much so I can't give it 5 stars yet, but I liked the sushi here better than at morimoto.  I have had the sushi roll combo platter a few times now, and each time it is just as good as the first.  The prices aren't cheap but they aren't bad either... but so far this is the best sushi I've had in philly.  Can't wait to actually take advantage of the BYOB and try even more stuff here!
Recommendation:  A VERY safe bet for good sushi!Kisso, you never let me down.  You have been open for years and still have the same Miles Davis CD in rotation, Kind of Blue, but I never feel blue when I visit you. 
I love their sushi sampler and eel and avocado roll.  Kampyo roll is also amazing. Their sushi is consistently fresh and they have great udon soup (it comes with this seasoning and it's yum) and green tea ice cream.  The sushi is small but satisfying.  If you're used to giant rolls with a lot of rice, you will not find that here. 
It's a BYOB and can be quite crowded on some weekend nights so make a reservation if possible.  
Things not to order 1) the quail egg, for some reason preparing a quail egg can take anywhere from 30-45 minutes.  I'm not sure what goes into the preparation but I have no desire to find out.  I also can't say that I ordered it or even tasted it but it did take forever for my dining partner to get their quail eggs.  Other than that, everything is good.Been coming to this cute and humble sushi spot for three years. Their staff is welcoming and sushi is good. I only wish they offered more desserts.Yummy sushi - terrible seaweed salad!  Green tea ice cream is okay, not a fan of the texture, not very creamy, rather gritty, very intense flavor.  Selection is not not very exciting, very standard, even if you order the 'special' roll. Would order sushi from here again though.Ecellent all around. The food was amazing and the service deserves an A+! We felt very well taken care of and the quality of the food was great. The dishes were put together with a lot of care and great eye of detail. It was perfect.Kisso should be our favorite sushi place in philadelphia.
this sushi restaurant is a pearly benchmark for quality and freshness.
small, intimate setting with no frills decor and usually classical, jazz, ragtime music... although it does seem like the same 5 discs have been on rotation for many years. I guess for good reason, because this place is about the fish. the prices are reasonable and the sizes of the fish are appropriate.
Kisso is very traditional. their sashimi is masterfully presented and while that means we can usually count on the same familiar quality, the restaurant feels a little stuck in the past. 
since Kisso is a family restaurant, new waistaff often appears unattentive and unseasoned. 
We wish there were more specials. for the last 5 years it seems to have always been soft shell crab dynamite roll and a premium fatty tuna sashimi.
when the chefs are in creative moods, they make wonderfully unique and fresh pieces of sushi.
we have had several perfect evenings at Kisso.
BYOB, if you bring sake, they will heat it for you. they are fine with chilled sake, wine, and beer as well.Forget all the others, this is the BEST sushi place in Philadelphia hands down. Very fresh fish, lots of unique menu items. Great service, very friendly employees. I love this restaurant and recommend it to everyone I know. FYI it is BYOB.I went with a co-worker for lunch. The price weren't too bad, but we got the lunch specials. It came with miso soup. The service was wonderful, quick and courteous. The sushi was great and really fresh. The environment was very laid back. A great find in old city. Overall, highly recommend.Ordered the ONE lunch item. The miso soup was sour, tasted off. A quarter of my salad greens were brown and the portion of sushi was the tiniest little thing I've ever seen. Definitely not work the $20 I spent.This place is just okay.
The sushi was delicious, although definitely overpriced, especially for the smallish portion size.
The restaurant looks...tired. There are stains on the carpet, the paint is peeling, and the chairs are mismatched (and mine was uncomfortable). 
Didn't love it. Wouldn't eat here again unless socially obligated.My boyfriend and I LOVE this place! He lives two blocks down from it and I'm so glad it's convenient to get here because we come here anytime we're craving sushi...which is often! We even came three weeks in a row because we just needed to have their red snapper appetizer! Yes, the decor is lacking and outdated. But it's a nice little hole in the wall. If you're looking for a cool atmosphere, try POD or Morimoto (also awesome, but you'll get half the meal for double the price).  I have become quite the sushi snob over the years and can easily tell fresh fish and quality and they have AMAZING product and do it with a creative style! Getting a reservation anywhere in philly even two weeks in advance for Valentine's Day is a pain so we gave up and just decided, spur of the moment, to come here for our first Valentine's Day. We were sat right away and are almost always able to choose where we get to sit. This place deserves recognition so don't be surprised if you see this review on another review site! I love this place!Best, freshest sushi in the city and a close 2nd (Sagami) for best in area.Tried this place out of the blue because it was one of the few BYOBs on Yelp that was suggested for sushi. 
I have to say, for a small little place, it definitely seems like a nice place to just try out. I stopped by just for a quick stop for dinner with a friend for a small talk with some wine and it was better than I had expected. Unfortunately, I only ordered the "Unaju" (or Unadon, one of my favorite dishes ever) for dinner and it was very filling. However, it was a bit small than what I was used to at other Japanese resturants, but still very good. Unfortunately, my friend didn't really order anything but she really liked the atmosphere.
I felt a bit bad coming in at a little after 9pm when I knew they closed at 10 so I tried to rush myself a bit (I'm a server at another Japanese place and I know how it feels) to be out before then. I ended up leaving a little after 10pm, even though we weren't the last ones there (another couple arrived there before us and still were there after we left). I would say the staff were probably used to it and didn't mind our late arrival. They were actually really nice to us too! 
I would definitely come back for lunch though since it's in the area from me (for now). I wouldn't be so sure about recommending for larger parties since it seems so small of place but I do recommend it for dates and such; it's a very nice, intimate environment. I just wish it wasn't in such a little area where not so many people would seem to drop by for lunch/ dinner. I definitely didn't think I would stumble upon it suddenly. Also, the wait staff and workers seemed so nice and cute too! ;) Would definitely come back,  maybe for lunch since there are specials that I saw on the menu!Seriously good veggie sushi.  Best I ever had.  It's kind of like, really this place is here?  Seems like a random location.  But when you finally find it, it's good.
Sensitivity Scale = +5I would give this place 5 stars if they had moche on a regular basis...  It's my favorite traditional Japanese ice cream dish.  The food is excellent!  Some of the best maki and shashimi in the city.  It's a little pricey, but you're paying for quality fish!  The staff and the sushi chef are wonderful, friendly, and very graceous!  It's wonderful, except for the lack of moche...Hands down Kisso is the best sushi restaurant in Philadelphia! Chef Alex's smile and humble nature, passion for food really shows in the food. Do yourself a favor and get here for some of the best sushi you'll ever experience!We live in the neighborhood and this is by far one of the best BYOB sushi spots in the area. It's been here for years and there's a reason for it. Staff is always super friendly and the fish is always super fresh. One of our go to spot for lunch or dinner.I've been meaning to write a review about Kisso for a while now, and after my dinner there last night I knew it was time to get this done.  It is the best sushi I have had in the city and best of all the staff is amazing.  They setup my same spot for me at the sushi bar every time I walk in the door and I just love coming here as it is so warm and inviting.  The sashimi is so fresh and tastes amazing, Alex the owner does a great job of seemingly choosing the best cuts.  Don't expect any freaky rolls with layers of weird sauces and ingredients, Kisso makes your staple sushi rolls right and they taste awesome.  I love the Kisso cocktail as a starter and always order sashimi being their fish tastes so great on its own.  When in the mood for rolls I love their SST roll and the Mojito roll (this is the one that Kate was referring to below with the thin slice of lime on top).  If you are looking for cheaper rolls, check the back of the menu... A couple folks complaining about the prices here may have missed that.  Septi is my favorite server there, he is so friendly and fun to talk to!  I just LOVE this place and the fact that it is BYOB is a bonus too!  They treat people so well here and I can't help but smile as I see them when I walk in the door.  And yes, Alex treats 'regulars' real well and they can accommodate special requests!  So make sure you make this your special spot in Old City too because rest assured you won't be disappointed unless you are a picky and hard to please person.  Kisso is the best!  :)It was delicious. Its a cute neighborhood BYOB. When I went it was pretty busy but there was no wait for tables. I only took away 1 star because the decor could be a little better. I'll be back. .There aren't that many good sushi joints in this town guy this place is fresh and reasonably priced.
They remodeled their floor from carpet to wood (which was well needed).  Give it a try! Usually not a crazy wait either.
I order the chirashi bowl= pretty good teller whether sushi is good or not.Alex, the owner of Kisso, has been at this location before Old City was a desirable place to live. He brings passion, clear knowledge and creativity in his sushi and sashimi presentations. 
Kisso has been and continues to create an authentic experience. Reviews and restaurants come and go, but the real test is time. Kisso has more than passed this litmus test. 
The fish are undoubtably fresh, so bring a good mineral Riesling or your favorite sake to pair with the delicious rolls and beautiful mixed fresh seaweed. You won't be disappointed in the welcoming atmosphere, the genial owner or the quality.We walked here last night from the Ritz East. Since it's a BYOB, we stopped along the way to grab some beer.  As soon as we were seated, our server took our drinks and place them in the fridge. Nobody likes warm beer!  Our server was super friendly, helpful and attentive to our needs.  We ordered 4 special rolls and I had a miso soup. My soup arrived very quickly and was hot and delicious.  Unfortunately, it was the only delicious part of the meal.  I really, really love sushi, so for me to give it a bad review makes me sad, but bad is bad.  The four "special" rolls we ordered were the size of what you normally get at 1/2 price sushi places. The rolls all lacked any taste and one was so dry I could barely chew it. I had to drink several swallows of beer to get it down. I would say the best of the four was the Mojito Roll and that was only because it had some flavor from the thin slices of lime that topped the roll.  I have a hard time believing this is the best sushi Philadelphia has to offer.  To wrap it up....Cute restaurant, quick & friendly service, blah sushi  :o(This place is a gem!
I have celiac disease so it is often difficult to find Japanese and or sushi places that are aware of gluten issues. 
Kisso has friendly staff that are always willing to answer questions. They use rice vinegar in their sushi rolls which is great for those who are gluten free.
They do take their time in preparing the sushi so if you are in a rush this may not be the place for you, but their food is worth the wait. It is absolutely delicious and it always tastes fresh.
I highly recommend the spicy salmon, scallop and tuna. The alaskan maki is also incredibly delicious.I was surprised by all of the great reviews of this place.  I was not impressed, with anything that I had.  
As one other reviewer mentioned, the miso soup was very salty, and there was some odd flavor in it as well, almost lemony.  The seaweed salad was soaked in vinegar and we did not finish it.  I ordered a special Dynamite Roll which was ok, not great, but do-able.  My sister ordered the SST roll which had an overpowering ginger taste; not good at all.
The staff was very friendly and attentive, but with a $60 bill for three people to not enjoy their food in the least, I will not be back here again.  My quest to find my new sushi spot in Philadelphia continuesChill place - Nice staff and fresh fish.  What else do are you looking for in a sushi jawn??We had dinner here last night and it was fabulous! Very cute spot with excellent service. We tried a bunch of different things including sashimi platters and some of the special rolls. Everything was clean, fresh, and beautifully presented. Can't wait to go back!Best sushi creations!  Don't forget to bring a bottle of saki and share with the chefs.Still the best sushi place in town. The dishes are creative and delicious. I generally don't like rolls, I prefer sashimi. But at kisso even the rolls are perfect. This isn't one of those places that have 6 million huge rolls on the menu, it is a true sushi joint.My first night in Philly, an old college buddy and I got a 6 pack and went to this sushi bar to catch up on life.  Took them a while to bring out the food because it was pretty crowded, but they gave us complimentary edamame which pacified us.  We ordered a selection of rolls, which were really quality and did a quality job of filling our bellies.  Also like the casual atmosphere - so far my #1 sushi choice in philly.Sushi was half decent. Can tell they had fresh, quality ingredients. But the overall presentation and taste was just ok, nothing spectacular or amazing. I'm not expecting a fancy dragon shape or special design, but at least make a better attempt...
Restaurant had a very simple decor, somewhat lacking in originality. Menu pages were very worn and need a refresh. I think they were used too much and needed to be changed out. 
Service was acceptable. Very friendly and accommodating. Waitress ran down the street to return our wine bottle holder! The service was the best thing about the restaurant. Would definitely go back for that... I wish other restaurants in Philly had the same service.This place has fresh fish and they get creative but the portions are VERY small and expensive - $20 for 5 pieces of sushi!!! They get fancy with their menu, have very few sushi staple items. Besides this place being BYO I don't have any positive things to say. If you go do try the red snapper carpaccio. 
I don't think we'll go there again. Fat Salmon is much better and it's just down the street.Fresh, delicious and beautifully presented sushi in old city. This unassuming storefront is home to our favorite Philly sushi joint. 
Alex is the owner and head sushi maker and possibly the friendliest person I've ever encountered in a restaurant.  Nearly every patron walked straight to the open kitchen to embrace and greet Alex like old friends. 
After saying our hellos, we sent Alex a few samples of home brew along with some rare beer samples and were met with a warm smile and a sincere thank you. 
We were excited to see our much awaited special "the half n half" now a menu staple. A tuna roll topped with Ava ado and get this... perfectly thin slices limes. The line adds a bright pop of citrus and compliments the tuna perfectly.
Did I mention Kisso is a BYO?!
Romantic enough for a date, open concept great for meeting friends and counter seating overlooking the chefs meticulously slicing and crafting dishes creates a welcoming space for any day of the week.
Do yourself a favor and try Kisso, you won't regret it.Went here with a groupon (or living social coupon, can't remember). sushi was great, very fresh. miso soup was way too salty. Quiet ambiance, maybe 2 couples there when I came in for dinner.
General waitstaff was nice, but when we tried to redeem our coupon over my phone app, the staff suggested that I run out to Kinkos and print out the coupon (it was 8:30pm on a weeknight).
The owner of the restaurant comes over and proceeds to tell me and my dinner date that we weren't obeying the rules of our coupon, and that we are making their salesperson look bad because we're not listening to the rules. He goes downstairs and pulled out a stack of printed out coupons that other customers listened to the rules, why not us? We were not in the wrong, because we are allowed to redeem our coupon through the app. 
When I gave up trying to use the coupon and started to put money down, the owner looks at my male dinner date and asks why he is not offering money for the bill! I am not kidding you, all of this happened. 
We ended up paying the bill without use of the coupon, and absolutely declined our voucher when we come back with a printed coupon (amount of gas to drive home and back to give the printout was not worth it). I had to call the company to get the coupon refunded back to me.
So overall, sushi was great -- but do take out. Owner is off his rocker.I wish this place was better, since I live so close to it.  Decent sushi but nothing to write home about, dumplings were disappointing.  Too expensive for being just so-so.My husband and I frequent Kisso and it is 5 stars everytime.  Every roll and piece of sushi is artfully done with quality ingredients and a high degree of talent.  The staff are friendly and attentive and are very helpful.  We have tried a number of sushi restaurants in Philadelphia and this is, by far, our favorite one.  
We work in the restaurant industry, myself in the front and my husband in the kitchen, and we always have experienced high quality seafood here and creativity with flavors that you might not see elsewhere.
Keep in mind that this restaurant is a BYOB and it's not a huge place.  It's a small, quiet, friendly place to go for a great experience and great food.
Enjoy!First time having dinner here. I've had lunch a couple of times. I was very impressed. The sushi was fresh and delicious. The atmosphere was nice. Wait staff was particularly attentive and very nice. I'm a big fan of sushi and it's not easy to find a great sushi restaurant. Kisso is great. I highly recommend.This is a solid option for sushi in Old City.  You can usually walk in and get a table, it's good for groups, and it's BYOB!
The waitstaff is very friendly and efficient and the food is well priced.  They seem to make the most delicious rice.  I don't know what it is about the rice.  It's the texture and the sweetness of it.  I could probably just eat a bowl of the white rice as a snack. They use the prettiest plates to serve the food on too.  It all looks like handmade ceramic art.
Get the green tea ice cream if you go.  It's just the smoothest taste.  It's really mild and creamy and also kind of tastes like chocolate, but not over the top chocolatey.The food here is great - but the environment and actual restaurant - - not so much. I wouldn't come here on a date, or take someone here you are trying to impress. The interior is open, unfinished-looking and sparse. The actual sushi bar is the same.
The sushi, however, was really good. So just call for take out. And definitely try the Caterpillar roll - it's their best.Kisso is an excellent restaurant but unfortunately doesn't seem to get much hype. The sushi is beautifully prepared and the fish always taste fresh. The roll combinations are delicious and I love the vegetarian options. I love that it's a byob and reasonably priced.My girlfriend and I went to Kisso last night for our first time. We frequent sushi restaurants wherever we go and Kisso was one of the better experiences.
The ambiance is simple and fairly warn but I appreciate this because the owner and staff clearly focus on food quality and service.
We ordered a miso soup, seaweed salad, a special roll and the I love sushi platter.  We misunderstood the menu and ordered an authentic seaweed salad instead of the typical marinated seaweed salad that we're used too. The chef sensed this and replaced our dish free of charge.
The fish was fresh, the flavors were delightful and the staff (Septien and Brian) were fun to chat with.
Check this place out.
CheersThis place had really good sushi! Much better than a lot of the other sushi places I've been to in Philly and its BYOB which makes its way better than Fat Salmon! 
But, I cant give it 4 or 5 stars because the service was SO slow! We sat down, had our wine opened and then waited for over 25 minutes before the waitress even came back to see if we wanted a water or anything else. We ordered and it seemed to take for-ev-er to get our food. For 3 people we were there for almost 2 hours! They were nice enough though. There were a lot of people waiting so you definitely need to make a reservation! I would go here again, if I made a reservation.Big fan of this joint.  Fresh sushi, excellent waitstaff, and good food.  My wife and I choose this as our city sushi joint after stumbling upon it one day in search of a ginger salad.  The owner? / sushi chef is very accommodating and you can see he truly cares about his product, which in turn, always turns out to be good bc of that.  A good choice if your looking to not get too fancy or too divey, its right in the middle and perfect for a friday night bite!This is hands down one of the best sushi spots I've been too and I've been to my fair share of sushi restaurants. I used to live in New York and the sushi here is actually better! The ingredients are fresh, the seaweed salad is made with real seaweed as well as the miso soup. The owner and staff are genuinely kind and super friendly. We love coming here! I highly recommend, we've been here a dozen times and it never disappoints.I will not pretend to comprehend Japanese culture any more than the next guy, but when it comes down to what seems to be traditional and what seems to be gimmicky, Kisso is the most traditional sushi restaurant in the city.  You do not find bizarre, American sauces like "Southwest" or "Barbeque" like you do at other sushi establishments in the city.  You find a traditional repetoire accompanied by several exquisite and elegant appetizers.
My personal suggestions are the eel appetizer, the red snapper carpaccio and the green tea ice cream following your meal.  You can also get any entree, and then for an additional $2 get miso soup and a side salad with a delicious ginger dressing.
Sadly, it is slightly off the flow of pedestrian traffic,  and there are usually many open tables.  But don't let that throw you.  Try it out.I hate to rate this place so poorly but my last two visits have been a flop--They might have had a change in staff?
On our second to last visit, the server only brought out my boyfriend's rolls. When I asked her about my maki combo she said I never ordered it...
On our last visit, we waited a while before our order was taken. It was hard to get our server's attention. We had to ask for water and sake cups multiple times. I asked for a new plate because the one I was given was not washed (ie flecks of wasabi). I was never given another one.
The small serving sizes never used to bother me since the food was relatively fresh and inventive, but it's just not worth the negative energyNOT GOOD.
Udon - too sweet, except I really liked that they put in fried tofu skin + (fake) crab meat + delicious mushroom.
Mix and match sushi platter - TINY. DRY. OVERCOOKED piece of fish (don't remember which piece it was). Sushi rice was not sticky enough to hold the rice together when I picked them up. 
Dynamite roll (one of their specials) - I was so excited that the pieces were big. STILL FAIL... 80% of the space was filled with vegi and tiny pieces of fish inside. 
Overall, flavors were OK. The texture and the sizes were not pleasing at all. We ended up coming home and eating instant noodles..... I am sorry but I'd probably never come back...or even recommend this place to anyone.I have been hunting for the freshest sushi in Philly for the last four years, and Kisso definitely offer one of the freshest fish in town. I tried their Uni in additional of their usual sushi and sashimi combo. The experience was delightful. The sushi selection leans toward tradition rather than extravagance. The inferior design is simple, not pretentiousness. The downside of this venue is (1) they don't have a hostess and we were standing at the entrance cluelessly for awhile. (2) their sushi rice was subpart--hard, nonsticky--felt like the one day old sushi you get from the supermarket aisle. Given their outstanding fish quality, I will definite return to give their rice a second chance. Lastly, I kind of wish they would have warm sake, but they are BYOB only.This place is the best!! I hate when a sushi restaurant has MAYONNAISE In everything but this place DOES NOT. They are REAL. Also, the seaweed salad rules. It's not overly sweet like most of them. Service is friendly and attentive. They're not really in a rush here but you are eating sushi so who cares.Although the people are very friendly I found the following: Service is slow. Portions are very small and prices are very high. Even ordering a soda is a small, expensive endeavor. A little more of a concern the yellow-tail did not taste fresh. For the price I would expect better service and better fare.My boyfriend and I LOVE this place! He lives two blocks down from it and I'm so glad it's convenient to get here because we come here anytime we're craving sushi...which is often! We even came three weeks in a row because we just needed to have their red snapper appetizer! Yes, the decor is lacking and outdated. But it's a nice little hole in the wall. If you're looking for a cool atmosphere, try POD or Morimoto (also awesome, but you'll get half the meal for double the price).  I have become quite the sushi snob over the years and can easily tell fresh fish and quality and they have AMAZING product and do it with a creative style! TRY THE RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO! You won't regret it!
Getting a reservation anywhere in philly even two weeks in advance for Valentine's Day is a pain so we gave up and just decided, spur of the moment, to come here for our first Valentine's Day. We were sat right away and are almost always able to choose where we get to sit. This place deserves recognition so don't be surprised if you see this review on another review site! I love this place!SIT AT THE BAR!  We sat at a table  at first and when the restaurant cleared out, we moved to the bar.  I love sitting at the bar and watching the sushi chef in action.  We got to meet the owner/main chef and even drank with him after closing.
This is one of those hidden places in philly that i probably wouldn't have gone to unless someone suggest it to me.  Laid back atmosphere.  Servers were good, i like places where everyone works together and are not given sections.  Then again, the place had 6 tables, i think.  But they worked well together and didn't make faces when customers complained.  They didn't ask question even when dishes were sent back at the table next to me.  I went with my husband and a friend.  My friend likes things her way, might not be the right way but will let you know how she likes it.  The waiter was getting annoyed but still kept her poise.  
On to the food.  Might sound and look disgusting but the side dish of Spicy Octopus was done right.  my husband has been ordering this dish at every korean/japanese restaurant we have been to and this is the only place I can eat it.  Only a few pieces though, octopus is not my thing.  Miso soup was the only other thing we ordered.  I'm not a fan of Miso soup, but it was a chilly night.  The soup was very flavorful with the clams.  Usually Miso soup is bland with a few chunks of tofu and pieces of seaweed floating around.  
The Main Course, we just asked to the chef to send out what he feels like making and when we are full, we tell him to stop.  This is how i usually eat at sushi places that are not a chain.  Presentation definitely was great.  Sashimi was fresh.  Sauces perfect.  
If the dish came out with its own sauce, you should not dip it in soy with wasabi.  
Uni is sea urchin and looks like uncooked brain, not crazy about the texture but this is the first place I actually can swallow it.  Jalapeno sashimi dish was good but I like the seeds left on, most places clean the seeds off so that it wont be so spicy.  Yellowtail with a pickled salad, yummy.  White Tuna, my hubbie's fav was only good enough, not the best he had.
The Must Eat at Kisso...Kisso Coctail!!!!!  Taste like a Mojito Sushi.I'm not a sushi expert, nor will I ever try/want/claim/imposter to be. After trying a few other places in and around the city, I liked this one best. You'd better really like your company though, because it is very sparse inside, and feels more of a business lunch spot than a place where you want to unwind after a long day. Plus, it's a BYOB, and unless you've got a really amazing snow, rain, or hankering for drinking, I couldn't really feel drinking here.
The selections are limited. But the sushi, salads, and the rest of it are all good. I can't see myself ever returning... but if I knew somebody wanted sushi, and they weren't somebody I was trying to go to the wire for, Kisso it is.Looking for dinner last minute, we called Kisso at 7pm on a Friday and they gladly booked us a table for two at 8:30pm. Upon arrival, three other couples were in front of us but the hostess was very accommodating. She corked our bottle and we drank glasses of the wine we brought as we waited (it was a short wait!). The wait staff were so helpful and gracious throughout. I really enjoyed the spicy scallop roll, avocado roll, spicy octopus roll. I would like to go back and try their lunch specials.Hands down best Japanese/sushi BYO in the city.  Great prices on GREAT quality sushi--the yummiest unagi.
Definitely try their specials maki.  These are really great "limited time only rolls", that are just really yummy.  I also recommend trying the real crab rolls--so sweet, but a bit pricey if you eat your whole meal that way.
Great table service and the manager usually comes around to say hi to people during the night, too.Overall, this is a very nice restaurant with solid sushi and friendly staff. I visited for dinner early on a Saturday night and it was not busy at all.
I had the appetizer special which was a couple of pork shumai that were explained as "very spicy". They were tasty and had some little pockets of hot spice, but nothing crazy. 
I was craving tuna, so for my entree I had the tekka don, which for those who don't know is simply raw tuna slices on a bowl of rice. There were maybe 8-10 pieces of maguro and two pieces of toro (they didn't specify it as either chu-toro or o-toro). The maguro was excellent and fresh. The toro was just okay. A bit stringy. And the rice was about the same as I've had in other area sushi restaurants.
For dessert, I had the green tea ice cream, which was good but was only lightly flavored with green tea.
I would definitely eat here again to try out some of the specialty rolls.This is my very favorite place to have sushi.  They spoil me rotten.  I can not go anywhere else now.  Or, if I do, I am always disappointed.  Alex and Andy are so wonderful!  The edible art is second to none and the fact that I can bring my own delicious wine is even better!!!  Sit at the sushi bar and chat with Alex and Andy if you can!!