i really enjoy the sushi here. they have a delightful salad with a gingery citrus dressing. the miso is top notch. i always order a variety of rolls this week we tried the volcano which is  a combination of tuna avocado topped with a scallop and two tasty sauces. The service is wonderful and the staff is great and always attends to my daughters chopstick requirements. If you have room after dinner try the fried green tea ice drizzled with chocolate. yum.Went here for Valentine's Day dinner after a long hiatus. Picked up a bottle of organic sovereign blanc because we thought a dry white would go well with any type of sushi. 
To start we had Edamame and Shrimp Shumai Steamed Shrimp Dumplings. The edamame is what you would expect. The dumplings were amazing. They were very meaty and came with a very good brown sauce for dipping.
For sushi we decided to get a bunch of maki: Spicy California, Spicy Tuna, Philly, and Negi-Hama (Yellowtail). The last 3 rolls came as part of a package for a reduced price (the name of the package escapes me). All were excellent but left me wishing we had got one of the special rolls (like the Northern Liberty)
For desert I asked for green tea ice cream which came out not fried (I didn't know that was an option, but I wasn't specific). We also got the Strawberry Mochi (they were out of the mango). The green tea ice cream was great, but would have been better fried!  
We left wondering why we haven't been back sooner and pledged to return.The service was great.  We ordered 4 or 5 rolls along with some shumai.  The sushi was fresh, however the selection of fish was limited.  Also seemed pretty expensive compared to other places.  Nothing extraordinary here.Had lunch there today and it was delicious, waitress was very nice, food came out fast, kind of small but the decor is cute. First time here and I will definitely go back :) Good place for a quick dose of sushi!Being my first time at Koi, the sushi looked good, but I was in the mood for soup, so I ordered the tempura udon. The soup itself was pretty tasty, with nice, chewy noodles. It had a different flavor than other places, a little more salty and citrusy, but it hit the spot. The tempura was served on the side with Japanese seasonings and lemon sprinkled on the plate. The deep fried portion was extra crispy  and not as light as I prefer, but still good. It included a nice mix of sweet potato, broccoli and shrimp. Overall a good meal, but a bit pricey for decent food.Just okay sushi.  It's edible but a bit pricey for the small portions.  The spicy tuna roll wasn't overflowing with mayo but nothing really stood out.  Didn't have any of the appetizers so maybe they are better?Koi, situated in on the far end 2nd street in Northern Liberties, is hands down my favorite sushi in Philadelphia. It is small and cozy and the small size really enables the chef to really maintain quality standards. 
The hand rolls are imaginative and delicious and the monthly special rolls are always a must try. The Northern Liberties Roll, Lobster Wasabi and I Love Tuna are favorites. 
The sushi and sashimi are great and are some of the freshest and best cuts of fish I've had anywhere. 
The dinner plates are also excellent, my favorite being the Spicy Chicken Bulgokee. 
Koi is a BYOB so we always make sure to bring a bottle of wine and/or a bottle of Saki (which they will warm for you - just ask). 
The service is unbeatable, with friendly and attentive servers that really understand the menu and can make recommendations that you can trust are not based on what a chef is telling them to push that night. 
The main complaint that I hear from most people, and can understand  myself, is the price is a little high. But for the quality of food and the service I think it is well worth the premium.This place is currently closed for renovations and I hope they open soon because it is honestly the best sushi place in northern liberties. The fish is very fresh, the prices are reasonable, and I have never been dissatisfied after coming here. I think they are going to re-open under a new name.. I just hope the quality stays the same!Maybe my favorite sushi place in the city. Prices are fair and the sushi is excelent with a large and "LA style" piece of fish on top. I was very happy and surprise when I ordered off of the a la carte menu. Honest to god good place with out the big name and big price...you can't beat that.The sushi here is below mediocre. I have high standards for sushi, especially priced at this level, and this place simply doesn't cut it. The masago is fake; they have no flavoring, only just orange coloring. When they tell you they can add "Crunch" on your sushi, don't get it, it makes no difference. Lunch times are bad; the chef wasn't there when we got there (way later than the opening time), and we had to wait forever for our food, although there was no other customers.Love this place! The staff now recognizes me and are extremely friendly. They also always prepare a special dish to try which are always fantastic. As for sushi very affordable and consistently very good sushi. My go to spot in northern libertiesI fell in love with Koi when I first moved to Philly a couple years ago.
It's such a chill spot to enjoy some Japanese food.
Favs:
--Northern Liberty Roll (ironically, a new delicious discovery):  shrimp tempura/avocado wrapped in spicy tuna and topped with eel sauce---Yummy!!
--Salmon/Avocado roll-always fresh :-)
--Pork Gyoza 
--Miso soup
Perfect date spot guys...and it's BYOB :-)
I frequent here at least twice a month...it's just comforting to know you can go to a nice/affordable sushi place without all the muss & fuss AND it still feels sexyI will admit that I am a sushi snob.  I can't help it... I'm asian.
Expensive for what you get. Small portions.
I got take out here because it was convenient when I was having a big sushi crave. 
Specialty Rolls are lackluster.  Miso soup is watery and salty at best.I looked over their menu hoping to find sustainable fish, but they do not have any.  They only carry tuna and salmon.  I was not in the mood for crustaceans and the idiotic waitress kept trying to convince me that shrimp and lobster ARE fish.  So, not only are these people mentally deficient, but they also do not care about the fact that salmon and tuna are being overfished in record quantities.  I ordered a miso soup and edamame.  The edamame was stale and the soup was flavorless.  I must confess that I do have a high bar for quality Japanese food, as I grew up in California, but this is ridiculous.
They have no excuse for not using sustainable fish, they are easy to find and learn about.  Here is one of many lists:
http://www.sustainablesushi.netKoi is one of the top five Sushi places I've ever been to, and it is inexpensive to boot. I'm no sushi expert, but I do very much enjoy sushi and Koi is a terrific BYOB that has never disappointed even after nearly a dozen visits.This place is no longer called koi. It's new name is Seiko. I came here for take out with my boyfriend and we ordered the spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, and Alaskan roll. The spicy tuna was barely edible (my boyfriend called it awful). It was super spicy and peppery as if they had dumped cayenne on the rice and fish, plus there was no spicy mayo either. The fish itself was tasteless. The yellowtail was alright, slightly better than the spicy tuna, but barely. The Alaskan roll was the only decent thing we ordered. Possibly worst of all was the rice they used on the rolls was flavorless and gummy. The service was nice enough, but I will not be going back.Great sushi, but super expensive. I ordered a sushi roll and I paid $9-12 for four pieces. Four pieces. They were good but I'm not paying $9-12 for four small pieces of sushi.Delicious, reasonable Japanese food in Northern Liberties, right around the corner from the Spring Garden El station.  Service can be a bit slow (inexplicably even when the restaurant is empty), but it's the best sushi you'll find in the neighborhood.  I love all of the noodle soup options, but also their special sushi rolls (you have to try the Northern Liberties roll).Loved this place! Went with my fiance for the first time last week since we just moved to No. Libs. and wanted to check out the local dining spots.  We were not disappointed! The sushi was fresh and delicious, the service was great and the place is adorable inside!  I thought it was very reasonably priced, despite some of the other reviews that suggest otherwise.  And, it's a BYO, to boot! Can't beat that! We'll definitely be back here again and again.Went to Koi with a small group of friends and one of the best Sushi meals of my life! Even simple things like the Green Tea or Miso soup were nothing short of exquisite.  I highly recommend the Northern Liberty for an entrée.  As well, our server was intuitive without hovering. I can't wait to go back!This is an excellent and overlooked Sushi option for Philly. I'm a regular for lunch and have never been disappointed. Great lunchbox deals! For around $12-13 you get a lunch consisting of an incredibly fresh green salad with delicious miso/ginger dressing and a small white miso soup, then a bento box with 2 shumai dumplings, vegetable tempura, 2 pieces of a california roll maki, a mound of rice and your choice of sushi (mild or spicy tuna and yellowtail, and the rainbow, which includes tuna, salmon and unagi/eel) which comes as a 6 pc maki roll and 2 pc nigiri. The spicy tuna is excellent! It's really a ton of excellent and freshly prepared food for the price. 
They also offer creative and delicious house maki. I've also had the crispy salmon skin seaweed salad which was delicious and their udon soups with the side tempura is great too. The udon broth is a little on the sweet side but still very good IMO.  I dont know why I dont come here for dinner more often. oh and BYO too which is a huge plus for me.Been eating at KOI for years.   Just a bit overpriced but the sushi and sashimi is excellent, as are many of the non-fish entrees. The wait-staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is cool.  Never had a bad experience here.I've been coming to this location for 15 years, it was a "Kisso" many years ago. Eventually it was called Koi and it became my favorite sushi restaurant. The "northern liberties roll" is to die for and puts many of the rolls at larger more well known sushi spots such as Morimoto and Raw to shame. The staff has always been so friendly and the prices are very reasonable. I was def a little bummed when they closed in June for renovations. They were needed though because the original design and decor was starting to look worn and old. Not necessarily the impression you want in a restaurant. Well happily trey have reopened and renamed themselves "Seiko" sushi restaurant, some of the staff has changed but the main chef is still here and my beloved "Northern Liberties" roll is still on the menu. They also added a couple of fish carpaccios, i tried the white tuna one and it was delicious! I come for lunch the most and the lunch boxes are only $12 and you get a roll, 3 nigiri, shumai, tempura and a miso and salad, great deal. Happy Koi is back in whatever manifestation!I have been to Koi three times, once for take out and the other two to dine in.  
The atmosphere is cool, and the service is pretty good.
The sushi is a bit overpriced, but they do have some different things on the menu, which makes the prices a bit easier to deal with.
IMediocre sushi, a bit expensive, but very nice decor and atmosphere. Their rice is a bit too sweet for my taste, and their rolls are pretty uninspired. I'd be willing to give it another shot though, seems like it has potential.
Can't complain about the service.I hate feeling robbed. That's how I feel when I go to an overpriced sushi place with sushi, sashimi items that are just "meh"...like Koi. They were out of all special items like uni, horse mackerel, toro, etc when I came. Didn't feel like anything else so I ordered Korean style Hwe Dup Bap (surprised that they had it), which is basically a "ghetto" version of chirashi with Cho Jang (spicy pepper sauce,gochu jang, with a bit of vinegar and sugar). The whole time I was thinking, I could probably make this at home....better. :)  My friends' selection of sushi and sashimi didn't look anything special...typical stuff found anywhere, such as your friendly grocery store. The thing that annoyed me was that the place tries to be too trendy. Is there truly no hope for sushi snobs in Philadelphia?Five Stars. My fiance and I have been to 3 or 4 sushi places in the area. We keep coming back to Koi. 
Excellent Service: Sue (usually there during the week) is probably the best server we've ever had in Philly. She's extremely nice, fast, and genuinely cares how our meal is going.
The Food is Great: There are some reviews here saying that they've had better sushi. This place may not be the cheapest Sushi in Philly (though in my opinion $40-$50 for a meal for 2 isn't that bad), but compared the 3 or 4 other restaurants we've eaten at, Koi has the best. Its always extremely fresh and comes out in a timely manner. 
Very highly recommended, we have such a great meal every time we come (5 or 6 times). It's also BYOB which is great. Your bottle of wine will be opened less than 1 min after sitting down (we all know, this is a great thing).Solid sushi restaurant in the neighborhood.  Good sushi at reasonable prices.  No complaints.Love that I have this place as a quick neighborhood sushi joint just around the corner.  The sushi here is good.  Not great, but the best that I have found around norther liberties.  And I love that it is a BYOB.  Their lunch specials are a great deal as well.I live close and was hoping to like this place but I am disappointed. The ocean's four soup was salty and lacking seafood. There was one shrimp, of the two clam shells, only one actually had a clam in it, there were two slices of scallops (not whole scallops or even one cut in half, but two small slices), and a few small shreds of calamari. The spicy tuna roll was ok but seemed a little on the soggy side and the side of spicy mayo I asked for was barely a drop to dip anything into. to top it off the portions are small for the price. If this is what you call good sushi/Japanese food then you clearly have never eaten any of quality(This visit was in April 2012)
We really wanted to like this place as it's so close, however our experience was less than impressive and a borderline health hazard.  
We entered the small "dive-y" place - but we like that - eager for some tasty bites.  We ordered a good variety of sushi and sashimi to get a fair sampling.  The fish was plated beautifully but shortly after they were presented we both caught a whiff of ammonia.  
After taking a couple of bites it was clear the fish was not fresh and the texture was off.  We could not and did not finish.After having some takeout sushi on Sunday night, my friends asked me if I wanted to go get sushi for dinner on Monday, at first I responded with, "I just had sushi last night", which was quickly followed up by, "I will go, I can eat sushi almost everyday".
We picked up a few Sapporos and went to Koi (its a BYOB).   We were seated right away since there was only one other full table in the restaurant.  I ordered seaweed salad, miso soup, the red and white sushi special (2 pieces tuna, 2 salmon, 2 yellowtail, and a salmon roll), and a rainbow roll.  We also shared a calamari app, and edamame.  
The seaweed salad was standard, so was the edamame, nothing great, but I was pleased with both.  I didn't really care for the miso soup, it had almost no flavor (even by miso soup standards). The calamari was really good, with a nice clean batter and served with a wasabi mayo that I was a big fan of.
The nigiri was good, with large pieces of fresh fish.  The salmon roll was a good size, and the rainbow roll was delicious.  I found it a little weird that my sushi came out at different times, once it was made by the chef the server brought it,  I prefer getting all my sushi at one time.
Overall, the food was good, there was plenty if room, and the prices were decent for sushi, I would return to Koi.  It would be nice if they had some outdoor seating since it seems like they have the room outside.My absolute favorite sushi in the city!
Huge pieces of fresh sushi, cool atmosphere, byob, and fried green tea ice cream that was so good it made me cry.I think this place used to be called something else, but whatever the name, they know what they're doing with fish.
Not only are the people that work here very friendly and gracious, but they make delicious sushi that is beautifully presented. There are plenty of special house rolls (who else makes the Juliet roll? I'm not even sure what  that is!) as well as the usual maki that are made with generous amounts of fish and perfect rice.
Something different to try is the Wasabi Lobster salad- it's served in a martini glass and super-fancy and I would eat it every day if I could. The tempura are nicely done, being well cooked but not overly breaded and served with a tasty dipping sauce.
I haven't tried any of the Korean dishes yet so I can't vouch for those, but the bento boxes for lunch are a great deal. Closed on Sundays.The food was fantastic, being that I am a great fan of Japanese cusine. The service was quick and the lively, colorful athmosphere offered a great place to stay and eat.Don't go here if you are a vegetarian.
My husband started going to Koi to get the "lunchbox" special, which is basically a divided plate with all sorts of tempura, rolls, etc., as well as miso soup and a little salad.  He took me there one day and I ordered the vegetarian option of this.  I let the waiter know that I am severely allergic to shellfish.  The food came out and the meat options were replaced with vegetables, but the shellfish options were the same.  When I let the waiter know that this was not vegetarian, he coldly told me that there were "no substitutions." He said it was restaurant policy and didn't matter what the issue was.  
Basically I had to pay for and entire meal when I could only eat half.  Sure,  you might say I should have clarified before I ordered, but I am pretty sure that vegetarian means vegetarian in the normal world.  
I would never reccommend this place to anyone.  Its dangerous.Went here for lunch the other day. It's a cute place but sushi  - super over priced and not really worth the price. Service was fast and friendly. Maybe the sushi was just off that day..i'd give it another chance.Nice small little sushi spot in Northern Liberties. Been here atleast 20x because
I love sushi and the place is 3 blocks from my house.   The restaurant fits maybe 30 people max. The atmosphere is pretty modern, with bright colors and very friendly staff.  Its also very clean which I really appreciate. The sushi is fresh and good quality, but nothing special.  I usually get the sashimi appetizer along with one or 2 rolls.koi is a totally chill, unpretentious, small japanese restaurant with great service and manageable menu. they don't have many items, but what they do have, they do extremely well. 
the most pleasant surprise was the LOBSTER LIBERTY ROLL. i didn't think this was going to be very impressive. it's tempura lobster and avocado, topped with spicy tuna and  eel sauce, but i just couldn't get over why you'd wan to  fry lobster and potentially ruin with delicate lobster flavor. alas, this roll still had great lobster flavor, crunch from the tempura batter, and both spicy sweet sauce combinations to make it complex and wonderful. special shoutout for creativity on this dish. they plate it as 2 row of maki pieces with the lobster tail down the center so the dish actually resembles a lobster.    
i've been on a donburi kick so pretty much any japanese restaurant we go to, I've been ordering katsu don dishes. of course, at koi, i saw it on the menu and ordered it immediately. I must say, the katsu don was one of  the better ones i have had in philly (shiroi hana might be slightly better, if i had to say). the sauce was flavorful and had just the right amount to make the rice slightly brothy w/out making it soupy. 
they did lose 1 star for the beef gyoza. while they weren't bad, they weren't great. i am 99% sure they use the frozen store bought gyozas. which, i know a lot of restaurants use. however, the beef ones always seem to fall a bit short on the flavor and meat texture side. pass on these unless you straight love frozen beef gyoza. the shrimp shumai looked to be a better option.Tried Koi for the first time a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night.  It's a small BYOB with a decent selection of sushi plus some other basic japanese fare.  Food was decent, not the best but good enough.  Tempura was pretty good and you can order tempura a la carte, which I thought was pretty cool.
Best part was there was absolutely no wait on a Friday night around 8 pm.This place holds a spot near and dear to my heart. I ate lunch here 1-2 times a week for about 3 years when I worked in the area. The staff was so friendly, and I felt completely welcomed and after a while they learned everything I was going to order. I still make the track up to Northern Liberties to go here.
The lunch menu is amazing - the bento boxes have a bit of everything, including some tempura. You'll get soup and a small salad as well, which is perfect for escaping your office, and being in the happy land of sushi. The amount of edemame in the order is enough for two people or more.
I love the design of this spot as well, with seating at a sushi bar, and then modern table and chairs in the front area. The bathroom is even nice.
You can't ask for a more affordable and lovely place to go on a night out. Perfect place to meet up with friends and drink, or have a quiet night with someone special. This is not a loud place, and it feels very intimate.
It's a good place to start the night, because all bars just up and down the street.At first I was only going to give 3 stars. But after seeing the pic of the Star Wars sushi... 4 stars is a must (I'm a big fan)!
Anywho, the service was excellent and speedy; I didn't have to ask for water refills once (I drink a lot of H2O)!
As for the sushi, YUM. I was very pleased with my Spider Roll... the price was fairly decent too! can't wait to go back :)koi is our local sushi place. we can only comment on the take-out as we prefer to eat sushi lounging at home. i can say that the atmosphere inside koi is always pleasant. the furniture and design of the place is also really cool. we are always greeted with a smile and the staff are very nice, i'm sure this rolls (pun intended) over into their dinner service as well. and it's byob!
one of our favorite things to get here is the salmon skin salad - salmon skin is crisp and delicious and the seaweed salad it is served over is delicious. as far as rolls go, we really like the killer - again salmon skin is yum and pairing it with the eel is awesome; the cap n' crunch and I love tuna - great textures and flavors; and the spider - as good as any other sushi place we've been. the food is always cooked (or not cooked) perfectly and is really fresh!
the prices here are also very reasonable. they offer a few maki combo deals - we take advantage of number 3 (san) - shrimp tempura roll, spider, and i love tuna - $20.Was looking for an affordable sushi place not in center city and happened to find this place on yelp. So glad I decided to go here! Definitely affordable and it's BYOB :D Loved the tuna tartare and the fried green tea ice cream! Service was great too. The staff is really friendly.We had reservations for 7:15 this past Friday, and when we walked in the place was deserted. Right away I got nervous, especially upon seeing the Ikea-like plastic chairs and tables that filled the space. I got even more nervous when I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and found that there was a giant fake bowl of fruit next to the sink. Basically, I was very confused by the decor, but ultimately the food did not disappoint.
There were four of us, so we got a lot of food. The highlights were the spicy tuna with eel special roll. It was huge and delicious. The volcano roll was also amazing. Don't ask me what was in it, a little too much time at happy hour erased my memory of the specifics of that roll.
Everyone I was with was super impressed at the size of the fish that came on the sushi. The pieces were noticeably larger than anywhere else I've ever been, and who doesn't like that? More bang for your buck, plus the added bonus of looking like a cute little chipmunk when you chew.
It's a BYO, so we brought plenty of wine and sake, and I advise that you do the same.
Would return!Have only tried Koi for lunch and have to say it is a great deal for the afternoon repast.  The bento box with salad, appretizer and entrée is a steal for around $10.  The teriyaki salmon was delicious and perfectly cooked.  Each item in the box was well prepared and accompanied by tasty sauces.  The service was good albeit not overly friendly and environment is comfortable, bright and well appointed.I live right around the corner and I love the fact that they deliver on days I just can not leave my home office! Very good and reasonable prices too!Awesome lunch specials, they give you tons of food. Sushi is really fresh and tasty. One con is that it's a little pricey, but definitely worth it.Ok Philly peeps, help my wife and I find a great sushi place (in Philadelphia) because Koi is just another OK place. 
My advice to a lot of these OK sushi places...easy on the brown sauce! Sushi is so light and delicate in flavor, I worry Koi is trying to hide something...hmmm. 
My wife and I go there from time to time because it is in our neighborhood, it is BYOB and the service is actually really nice. We love special rolls and fun combinations of seafood. The capitol roll is a roll I like. They torch the fish on top which adds a nice smokey flavor. But as a whole, it could do without 95% of the "nest" of shredded potato crisp and maybe put a line of sauce on the plate to the side. Not a fan of crabstick and their other rolls are ho-hum.
Potential is there, just not executed well. 3 stars because we still walk there once every other month when we want to lazily satisfy urgent sushi cravings.I order from here more frequently than I eat-in, but enjoy Koi overall.  The quality of the fish tends to be high, although it is a bit over-priced.  Service is usually friendly, but can be slow if part of a larger party.  Definitely worth a try!Decided to try this place because
(1) It only had one review, and
(2) The one Yelper gave Koi 5 stars.
THE PLACE
It looks pretty funky from the outside. Through the windows you can see the brightly colored interior (walls, tables, chairs). Once inside, the place still looked kind of cool. Going solo, I figured I'd just sit at the bright red sushi bar.
THE FOOD
Sashimi Appetizer(7-pieces) ($9.95)
Tsunami Maki (Roll) ($11.95)
Deep Fried Green Tea Ice Cream ($4.50)
The sashimi appetizer came with tuna, salmon, and albcacore tuna (I think). It was nicely presented as well as fairly fresh. The Tsunami roll was also quite good. The spicy tuna inside definitely had a nice kick to it and the torched squid on the outside was something that I thought was unique and added a different texture to it. The deep friend green tea ice cream was probably the only one I was slightly disappointed in. Though it was a nice man-sized scoop, the batter on the outside  was not particularly "deep fried" -- it lacked the crispiness one would expect from a deep-fried dessert.First and foremost, BYOB.  Koi, at one time did have a liquor license, but not anymore... so you particular folks can bring in your own Kirin or sake of choice.
Cute, cozy, orange and a little time-capsule-ish.  White plastic modular chairs, dim lighting, calm, intimate - I've always loved the simple modern decor of this place -  It's rarely crowded, probably often overlooked, as it is quietly tucked away on 2nd street by Green in Northern Liberties.  Most of the businesses on this street have closed and reopened shop in the Piazza at Schmidts, leaving Koi, Soy Café, Art Star (sure to follow suit any day now) behind.  I'd take this area of this neighborhood over the Piazza any day.  
Diatribe aside, yes, the sushi is a little high on the pricing scale vis-à-vis other similar sushi spots in the city, but you are getting a higher quality cut of fish for it.  You pay for what you get.  If you're looking to save, come here for lunch where they have more reasonably-priced and hefty lunch boxes (the most expensive one will run you $11.95).  Service is usually fast and attentive.
The sushi and sashimi portions are very generous - though they tend to be heavy-handed with the rice.  The fish is always fresh and the huge maki rolls are consistently delicious.  
Make sure to order their tempura, which is some of the best in the city.  Another must order is the "I Love Tuna" (tuna and spicy tempura ko with tempura ko on the outside) and "Northern Liberty" maki rolls.(shrimp tempura, avocado with spicy tuna on top, topped with spicy sauce and brown sauce).it was reasonably priced for their lunchbox. our sushi was pretty good. everything was brought to our table so quickly we didnt get a chance to finish our salad and miso soup, so i cant really say how they tasted. our food was good. i wasn't floored but they gave me plenty to eat. i was full by the time lunch hour was done. and very friendly service.Honestly, not thrilled. I dig the the modern Japanese decor with the poppy and white plastic furniture, and the clean, sleek feel of the restaurant, but... the actual sushi was unimpressive. My chirashi was undersized and strangely bland - and therefore overpriced. The specialty rolls were larger and tastier, but I've had better for cheaper elsewhere.  No complaints about the service though ~ very friendly. 
Siderant: Can someone explain to me why a restaurant with such a modern and trendy vibe out front has a bathroom that looks like it was lifted directly out of an old-school McDonalds?I really like Northern Liberty, Fishtown, Imperial Roll. I never eat this delicious amazing roll in the other place!!!I work nearby here and have been visiting with coworkers almost daily for over two years. The bento boxes for lunch are an amazing deal - $10 and you get sushi or a hot meal such as salmon teriyaki, rice, shumai, 2 pieces of california, veggie tempura, miso soup and salad. It's amazing. Also a really huge fan of the Bi Bim Bap. The service is amazing and the people who work there are exceptional, which is why my coworkers and I continue to give them our business.Koi is the tastiest place for you to eat. I ate hear a lot of times and never get bores of their food. If you are looking for a good place to eat, eat here. The deep fried green tea is delicious. I eat here almost everyday. Everything in here tastes good. The first time I saw this restaurant, it made me feel happy. The food is not so expensive so it is good. The place is quiet and makes me feel comfy. The music is relaxing. The people who work here is nice too. You should eat here.Stopped into an empty restaurant on Saturday at 5:30, dined the entire meal like this! And to give an update, it's still a BYOB
Order unagi roll, spicy tuna hand roll, fire cracker, and special of the day roll called battle.
Unagi and the hand rolls were up to par, but nothing extraordinary. The fire cracker and battle rolls were what you would expect for specially rolls at that price - not that it was TOO expensive, but I like it to justify the $$. Fish tasted fresh, interesting combinations, and nice presentation. Only complaint was both dishes were plated the same. Seems lazy since we were the only people in the restaurant.Specialty rolls are expensive but totally worth it.  Northern Liberty, Tsunami and Super White Tuna are my favorites.  Great for groups who like to share b/c the rolls come out as they are made.  BYOB makes it ideal to drink lots while you savor each bite.  Modern decor and fast service.  The Wasabi Lobster Salad is very good, as is the Salmon Skin Salad (with seaweed, tobiko, spicy sauce and brown sauce), but I don't recommend it for take out as the salmon skin gets too crispy in transit.
I can't stay away - I eat Koi about 3-4 times a month.
They do not have a website, and the menu on Menupages is not updated.  Your best bet is to stop in person to get a menu if you want to shop before you buy.This is my favorite Japanese restaurant (maybe anywhere!).  Perhaps because I keep returning and haven't found my special reasonably priced place in NYC yet.  Koi is very good quality sushi that is affordable and the restaurant is chill.  It is also in Northern Libs which is awesome and parking is relatively easy.I really like this place. Their rolls are amazing and unique. Not like most sushi restaurants. I've never had a bad experience. Wish I took more pics to show how amazing their food looks.There's really nothing I hate about this restaurant, but nothing I love either.
Just your run of the mill average Japanese food.  The shrimp tempura roll was a little bland.  Decent miso soup.  I recommend the green tea ice cream.
The decor is modern and cute.  I've eaten here twice and both times we have been almost the only people in the restaurant.  If you are looking for a date place, it's nice and quiet.I enjoyed my sushi experience at Koi. We noticed it while passing by after having a few beers at The Foodery. This place is actually a pleasant surprise. 
For it's grade, I think the sushi was very affordably priced. There were some that were priced a little higher then what I'd expect it to be, but it might be because of the work that went into preparing it. It could be that or a trap for the types that are ordered most. 
I generally order Chirashi at sushi restaurants and this is definitely one good one. The pieces that it comes with are very admirable and fresh. My only complaint on it was that it wasn't a lot of rice like I'm used to. Keep in mind however, I could eat plain sushi rice and get full from it, so don't take my account for that. 
Also ordered a Volcano Roll and it was tasty - probably not for the price but like I said, it might be something that is frequently ordered. 
I will definitely be coming back here when I need a sushi fix, and most likely for the Chirashi.Damn good sushi for a neighborhood joint.  I've eaten here twice in the last week and was impressed both times with the freshness of the fish. Sashimi pieces are huge and reasonably priced.  'Special' roles are essentially the standards (dragon, spider, variations on the themes), but very tasty.  My current sushi go-to.The significant other and I went for dinner on a Saturday night and wasn't crowded, no reservations needed or anything. 
As others have mentioned, nice to find a place in Old City that wasnt 345435 decibels. Decor was modern, but looks like they could use some updating.
Service was very nice, prompt, good.
Food was good but nothing stood out as great. I liked the I love tuna maki roll (tuna roll basically but with some tempura crisps thrown in), would have like some more tempura but was good.
White ginger was good, their soy was pretty strong.
For sushi, tried a number of different things and they ranged, tuna was OK, salmon was good, white tuna was very good, tamago was just OK, yellowtail wasn't too my liking at all.
I'm not sue if it is a case that the rice isn't too flavorful like some places you go to, but overall I would say give it a try if you are in the area.
I would recommend trying the tempura, they have a couple different types, and saw someone else order it and it looked great. Based on the roll I had, I think I would get that again, with a couple pieces of sashimi.
Their website is under construction. You can park for free on the street right outside.Great food, but their delivery sucks. 2x these guys didnt deliver my food because they went to the wrong house.  Pick up or eat there onlyAmbience: Modern, comtemp, brightly colored tables, small close setting
Parking: Street, walkable distance
Food: Tuna tartare: 3/5 (topped w. fried string potato, yes pls), Lobster wasabi salad (topped w. maraschino cherry, no thanks) Sushi: Firecracker Roll, Liberty Roll 4/5, Fried green tea ice cream 3/5I really don't understand the great reviews. Maybe growing up in a Japanese community has made me a sushi snob. Sushi is an art...a simple yet eloquent balance. Just because you can put a generous slab of raw fish on top of some rice doesn't make you a sushi master.  I had the Deluxe Sushi plate and my wife had the Deluxe Sashimi plate. We should have left as soon as we walked in because both of us got a whiff of ammonia and some kind of mold smell. Almost all of my fish had some unfamiliar order like something was sprayed on it to try and keep it fresh. And for the 1st time in my life I had to spit some unfinished Ika into my napkin. It wasn't because it was really chewy...it was because there was a vast amount of slimy substance on the underside that activated my gag reflex. The Uni had a very bitter taste to it...not the rich and complex flavor that I have come to appreciate. I have never left a sushi restaurant with anything on my plate except for a little ginger or wasabi. My wife and I left with less than half of our plates finished.Great atmosphere and decor.  Superb service and quality sushi.  I'll definitely be going back, probably on a regular basis.This is the best place I had eaten sushi before. The best sushi for me is Northern Liberty. It costs $12 but it is worth it. It is a little bit spicy but that's the good part. The shrimp is crunchy and they give a big portion. The decoration is kinda good. That's why you should eat here!!!Inexpensive, good sushi with great service.  BYOB.Koi is the best sushi in NoLibs.  It is not the best sushi in the city.  Not even close.  If you live in the neighborhood and want reasonably priced, respectable sushi then I would recommend Koi.  If you're coming in from another neighborhood and are looking for a nice dinner out, there are better options.Not bad. The restaurant decor was cute and trendy. The service was fine. I liked the wakame salad. My boyfriend like the flavor of the tempura batter. My only complaint is the fish/rice ratio in the sushi. The Koi sushi was heavy on the fish and too light on the rice. Good sushi has a balance. The fried green tea ice cream was ok.I get takeout from this place once or twice a week.  I'm lucky that it is right around the corner from my apartment.  Fish is always fresh, even on Monday.  I like the rolls but I've had other things on the menu that are excellent as well including the veggie tempura, shrimp shumai, miso and scallion soups, and salads.  The best roll on the menu, IMO, is the Northern Liberty roll.  It is a shrimp tempura roll with avocado and spicy tuna on top with spicy sauce and brown sauce.  Fantastic.  They have a special roll going on right now called the Kamikaze which I also recommend.
Bento boxes are an amazing deal.  If you can get there during lunch hours the Bento is the way to go.
Waitstaff is great.  There is one that seems to be working every time I call that already knows what I order and makes recommendations based on what she has learned that I like.  
Highly recommended.
If I had to complain about something it is that they are not open on Saturday for lunch.After trying another sushi place at the mall last weekend, this was such a relief to find Koi on 2nd St.  I came in for lunch, and had a 'lunch box' which was a bowl of miso soup, a salad, and a lunch box with a roll, 2 pieces of california roll, 2 pieces of little potstickers or dumplings (really good), 3 pieces of vegetable tempura and more rice.   It was a lot of food for the $13 I paid, and it was all good!  
The miso was good, and a lot less salty than the other miso soups I've had in Philly.  the salad dressing was light and delicious, the greens in the salad were cold and crisp just the way I like it!  Great job Koi!  Sushi was good also, I had the rainbow roll and the pieces of fish were fresh and a good thickness.  All things being equal - this was a really good deal for a quality lunch.Koi is definitely a restaurant where you can get sushi.  That about sums it up.