I eat at Kostas at least 2-3 times a week. The food here is awesome! I usually get the skewer platter which comes with rice, pita, salad, two skewers and a house made tzatziki sauce that is amazing. As someone who actually use to come here (and play) for metal shows when it was M Room, I'm glad to see that they have since stopped being a venue and focused on only being a Greek restaurant. The atmosphere is great, the employees are wonderful and you can't beat 3 pool tables spaced far apart, separate from the bar area. New favorite spot in Fishtown!Hands down the best Greek food I've ever had. I've been to Athens and Mykonos and this is seriously the best Greek food outside of Greece. 
Chicken Skewers are tender and juicy, the peasant salad (Greek salad) is fresh and flavorful.
5 out of 5!Great Food Find.  Great Greek food - fresh, great portions, deeeelicious. Also, well-priced. We enjoyed the angel hair chicken soup, beet salad, skewered shrimp platter.  Their yogurt is homemade, too. 
I will definitely return.If you like picketed vegetables, then the pickled cauliflower is out of this world! I had the Spanikopita and the stuffed grape leaves; my boyfriend had the seafood pasta. We were happy with the quality as well as the portion size. Thank you for a yummy meal!Great Greek food, good prices. Cool dive bar. And pool tables!Awesome, divey spot for good drinks, great deals, and some surprisingly on point Greek food! 
Kostas may not be the best bar or the best restaraunt around, but I'd have a hard time coming up with a better "one stop shop" for hanging out, drinks, and an actual dinner (rather than "bar food"), especially at the price point.
You can't really go wrong with any of the food, but I recommend checking out the skewer section of the  menu. All the ones I've had have been tender, juicy, and delicious.
Also, peep their website to see the deals they offer. $3 margarita Wednesday is a personal favorite!I never gave this location (previously M Room) any mind as it always seemed kind of bro-y and not somewhere I wanted spend my time or money. 
Once it became Kostas, we decided to check it out to see what the deal was. The space itself is pretty beat up but you don't come here to impress a date with fancy decor, you come here for an awesome time.
When you walk in you'll be greeted by 3 pool tables that are usually all in use but sometimes you can get lucky and snag one.There is a really great outdoor area out back with 6 or 7 large picnic tables surrounded by flowers which was perfect for late summer evenings.  
A chalkboard hangs to the left of the bar that are offered in bottles/cans. It's a nice mix of terrible light beers to decent craft beer. PBR and Tecate to Lagunitas IPA and Dirtwolf, whatever you're in the mood for.  Sometimes they sneak in something new or seasonal. Perhaps one of the best qualities of Kostas is the customizable citywides. You're choice of Bourbon, whiskey, vodka, or Tequila, with a variety of light beer for $5. 
The menu is entirely Greek. The food is decent and not terribly expensive. Their Baklava is pretty ridiculous, highly recommend.
Bottom line: This is a great place to end the night. If you're looking to get drunk and have a great time, you can do it here easily and for just a few bucks. Bring some friends and drink enough to forget all of the bad decisions you made.We were here on a weekday happy hour and decided to sit out side. The place is huge inside with all pool tables, bar tables and TVs. The inside look was of a sports bar. We decided to sit outside and the weather was not bad. The outside seating is decent and is covered on all 4 sides. Their happy hour menu was pretty reasonable. 
They had $2-3 beers during happy hour. For $2 you get a shot of tequila or bourbon and a can of beer. Not bad. The funny thing is that we actually got a can of beer instead of beer in a glass. We ordered the spanakopita, grape leaves, babaganoush. Their pita was good. I especially liked their spanakopita. Very delicious. The portions are very generous.
The sevrice is very good. In fact the owner walked around to all tables greeting everyone and ensuring that the service was to their expectation. Very neat. I like places where the owners want to talk to their customers and be friendly. Thumbs up.
Overall, I recommend this place for drinks and happy hour apps.GF and I were at the Second Street Festival, so we stopped here for dinner. Had read all the great Yelp reviews, so I thought we'd give it a try.
Kostas really exceeded our expectations. As another reviewer here observed, it doesn't seem like a restaurant when you walk in. It seems more like a cool dive bar. Don't be fooled. The food was great. 
We started out with the hummus appetizer. It's a plate of goodness. Hummus, olives, pita, vegetables. We murdered it. 
I got a gyro, which was delicious. Girlfriend got a chicken shish-kabob, which she raved about. The French fries that come with your platter are really standout. They're crispy and taste homemade. Everything they serve looks fresh and delicious. I commented to GF this looks to be a new favorite place. The bonus with Greek food is that it's not as bad for you as other restaurant food. It's usually grilled meats, vegetables, hummus, etc. Relatively healthy.
Great experience, cool bar, nice vibe, and great food. I look forward to coming back.Went for the food. The staff was far friendlier than most any establishment. The Greek food menu was not quite as extensive as a full restaurant and tended closer to quick cook items, but all were very tasty and very good. The building is a little rough around the edges. Prices were a great value.Love this place. Their food is bomb and their city wides are perfect.  
Can't wait to go back next time I'm in fishtown.First off this place is so hard to find! I walked past it 3 times before I figured it out.  Put a sign up! The food was okay. The fries amazing and the vegetarian pita was okay. I also, didn't realize until we got our bill that fries were a dollar extra as well. It was fries or salad for a dollar extra and i took it as you get friend or pay an extra dollar for a salad which is what everyone at the table thought too. It wasn't only me! Loll. Anyways it's a fun place for happy hour.Honestly one of my favorite places to eat Mediterranean food. Very affordable and straight up, every appetizer and entree are delicious! My go to is the mousaka. I love coming hereCame in with a couple of friends on a Friday night. We (by which I mean myself) were very hungry and was just walking around fishtown for some food. Totally felt like a bar towards the entry. There were pool tables around. Felt like a vibrant place but not overly crowded. Our waitress was very kind and patient as she explained pretty much the whole menu to us. Two of us got the platter and they were HUGE. The lamb was tender and very flavorful. The "greek lasagna" was great and so was the eggplant dish. Did not get drinks.
Easy to find on the street. I parked 10 min away at street parking and friend parked at Sugarhouse as we went there later. Service was quick and friendly. Portion was big.I highly recommend their old fashion version of on an old fashion. Also their baklava is deliciousWhen you first look in on the establishment you may not think this is a bar that would be know. For good food. You would be wrong. I had been here before for drinks and had a good time, but this was my first time going there for dinner. The food was fantastic! The dolmas were perhaps the best I've ever had, and the moussaka was terrific. Beyond the food, our service was excellent. The waiter was incredibly friendly and seemed genuinely proud that we were enjoying the food. Overall a great experience.Food is fantastic. Drink deals are unbeatable.  Best place to shoot pool in Fishtown. Backyard area is gorgeous and relaxing. Owners are attentive and staff is friendly and on point.  All around great!Great surprise! Wandered in late yesterday for dinner. Greeted by the owner - Vasily.  Made us memorize the beer choices before escorting us out to the charming back garden.  Felt like we were back in Greece. More than affable, Vasily was charming and informative about the food and drink choices, and shared numerous witty and poignant stories about his home country and even the secrets to a happy marriage...
The food was superb and we  were pleased to have discovered this Fishtown neighborhood gem whilst visiting from Connecticut. We will clearly return anytime we come back to Philadelphia.
Thanks Vasily.cheap beer, great selection, great food, plenty of elbow room, 3 pool tables, a BIG backyard seating area and overall great looking spot.Great place. If I see you douche bags in here like I see at FHall, I will curse your first born. Go back to Myunk.Kostas is hands-down the best bar in the city. I actually created a Yelp account purely so I could give it the stellar review it deserves!
Have nothing negative to say about this place! The owner and service here are A+, and I've never seen it too busy. It is also one of the few places in the area that is still completely family operated.
Their prices are incredibly cheap, and you can customize your city-wides! The Greek food is also amazing, and they have a nice outside area in the back where you can enjoy it. Touch-tunes on-point, complete with a photo booth for one dollar so the memories from your trip to Kostas can last a lifetime!!AMAZING Greek food! There is nothing on the menu that has ever disappointed us. I can't even pick a favorite. I love it all. Fair menu and drink prices.I have been walking by here for quite some time hoping to get here. I saw the great reviews on yelp. I've been to the best greek/Mediterranean restaurants in this city with my favorite being Zahav on Walnut St and Zorbas on Fairmount Ave....I judge a Greek restaurant by two things...Pita bread and tzaziki sauce and both of these are outstanding here... I had the gyro platter and the meat was delicious too....my only complaint is that the rice is a little bland but that's typical when you get a dish that has rice because it usually just accompanys the dish and isn't the main attraction....I really liked the food here and hope they keep up the good workLove Kostas so much! We tend to get takeout from here 1-2 times a week! The owner is super sweet, and is always accommodating. If you eat in, go out back to the garden space.So this happened when I entered Kostas last night 2/1/2017. Door bouncer taking IDs looks at me (Full disclosure, I'm 31) as I go to get out my ID and he's like "I can see your maturity." Not quite hearing him and thinking he asked to see my ID, I get it out and try to give it to him. Ok.
He doesn't reach for my ID I'm handing him and he repeats "I can see your maturity" staring at me directly with a blank expression. Because this is an unexpected exchange, at this point I say "What?" I did not expect that kind of response or any response commenting on my appearance when presenting my ID at a establishment that serves adult beverages on the busy Frankford and Girard Ave area in Fishtown. 
He repeats the 3rd time staring at my face "I can see your maturity" and I realize then that what he's saying is I look too old to get carded. Ok, but did this guy absolutely have to comment on my appearance with a snarky remark? Couldn't you have discreetly said just go on inside or I don't need to card you? I can accept that, what I can't accept is a complete stranger making unsolicited comments on my appearance while representing a business - especially within earshot of all the other patrons.  
Could your bouncers just card everyone equally and or not made a big deal out of someone entering your establishment who doesn't look like a very young 20 year old? I mean talk about scaring away your customer base. 
I was entering Kostas at that point to meet a date for the 1st time and it really put a sour taste in my mouth about the bar in general and ruined my mood completely for the date. Boo hoo, who cares about some girl worrying about looking old right? But we're talking about a bar, a place to go to have a good time and forget about bs. I had great service from the servers but the entire time I was there I was preoccupied with the crappy unnecessary comment the bouncer made to me about my physical appearance THREE times upon entering the door. I will not be returning. Why do your bouncers think it's necessary or even okay to make comments on women's appearances of any kind as they are entering your establishment? Kostas isn't the Roxy or Studio 54 not that it makes it okay there either. Might be time to put someone at the door carding who actually cards people like they are supposed to and doesn't insult your customers before they've even spent a dime on your bar or menu. So many other places to play pool or grab a food/brew in Fishtown. Peace out Kostas.I'm not a review writer but this place deserves one. Everything was absolutely delicious. I ordered take out and the food was prepared and delivered quickly and hot. The standout was the Octopus for me. Tender and full of flavor. If you haven't been here you're definitely missing out!!Fantastic service and food. The octopus was the best I've ever had! They were very welcoming of our family with kids.Was the most horrible place I have ever been the service was absolutely terrible it's fuck me over an hour just to get a beer and another hour and a half to get my food Ivory this place is absolutely a disasterThe family enjoys Greek food, so we were in Philly, looking for an early dinner (4:30pm) on a Sunday, and came across Kostas.  As others have said, it is primarily a bar environment w/ pool tables, but we looked at the menu and gave them a try.  Glad we did.  I think we were fortunate to be there early, so we were there before the bar business really picked up.  But the food we had was really good.  We tend to order food that we can all share, so we had the appetizer platter (dolmades, hummus, baba ganoush, etc...), along with a meat lovers combo (chicken skewers, pork skewers, bifteki skewer, and some gyros meat), as well as spanakopita, and rounding it all off with baklava for dessert.  The food was really enjoyable, and well made.  Our only disappointment was the gyros meat - I was expecting it to be cut fresh off a gyro cone that is turning on a spit, but they had the processed slices of gyros that you throw on the griddle to heat up.  It's okay, but not as good as the more authentic gyro cones.  The service was excellent (but again, we were early on a Sunday, and not many people there).  The bartender took care of us and did a great job.  The owner also stopped by to visit with us while we were there, which we enjoyed.  Delightful man.  I think next time we are in the area, we'll try the outdoor patio seating out back.  Did not know about it until the owner mentioned it during his talking with us about his place (end of our meal).  So we'll do that next time, and see how it is out there.They have cheap drinks and cheap food. The presentation isn't wonderful and I'd honestly skip the greens on the hummus and spanakopita but everything has such great taste and it's probably the best Greek in Fishtown.Great beer selection , awesome fresh made, Greek traditional food .
Cannot say enough about how fresh the food is.
Nice atmosphere , bartender is over the top accommodating . 
Highly recommend 
New favorite Fishtown hotspot.Incredible food! The owner is awesome and so passionate about your experience!! Would recommend to everyone!!!I'm giving this bar a 4 out of 5 because of the customizable city wides they offer. PBR, Narragansett, tecate, or Miller mite and for your shot bourbon or tequila for 4 dollars!! Pretty dope....
Service was quick and on point every time I needed a drink I got it with no problem.
Atmosphere always good here nice mixed crowd, people playin pool, people playin darts, people chillin 
There's indoor scene but then there's a backyard section and a front jawn you can sit out on girard and people watch if you want!! 
This place is sick I'll be goin back for sure
Ohhh yeah gave them 4 stars cause I didn't get any food but my bul I went wit got a lamb gyro and it's pretty legit Greek food!!Dammit Fishtown, I want this is S. Philly. Chill bar with pool tables and excellent Greek Food.This small Greek pub delivers big on flavor and authenticity.  Food like my grandma would make it 
Stumbled into Kostas while on a mini tour of Fishtown, and im sure glad I did.   They had a Saturday Happy hour which initially drew us in.  Sat at the bar and ordered a Stout, when it came out I realized that the color was off.  So I stopped one of the owners and suggested that perhaps the lines were mixed up.
After he went and checked and realized that I was right he came over to thank me and game me a free beer.
So That aside we decided to get an appetizer and though there were many things there that alot of "Greek" places had there were a couple things that were authentic, ie if u went to a pub in Greece thats what would be on the menu.
So we started with the Greek fries Feta cheese over french fries.  Being from Bulgaria and sharing alot of dishes with Greece and having been to Greece this really brought me back to living in Europe.
After we ate that the owner came and talked to us asked us about the food. He told us about his life in Greece and what brought him to America. We started talking about Greek and Bulgarian food and how they over lap.  He asked me what my favorite thing on the menu as and i said Spanakopita because my mom and grandma made it all the time when i was growing up 
He told me to try it and tell him what I thought.  I agreed but told him if I didn't like it I would tell him.
Platter came out with a big piece of Spanakopita, some taziki, pita wedges and pickled vegetables.  t was amazing on par with my grandmothers and moms.  Vegetables and everything else rounded out yet another amazing dish that brought me back to my roots.
In all I was pleasantly surprised by the hospitality and amazed by the quality of the food i ate here.  If you want an authentic Greek pub meal this is the place to do it.  I would recommend this place to anyone.The drink prices were good, the owner is amazing and most definitely inviting. One of the best bars I've been to in Philly. The service was great, the owner served me and was extremely attentive professional and a great host. I felt as if I was at a friends home. I felt safe and comfortable, I literally spent 5 hours here and didn't want to leave. I recommend peaking your head in and having one drink... You may not leave or you will always be back.We stumbled up this new place over the weekend.  I believe the owner said they had been open for about 5 months  now.  The sign outside doesn't really stand out so you have to be looking for this place.  While it isn't the most beautifully decorated place that we have ever been to the food was outstanding!  Everyone who was on staff went above and beyond to welcome us and ensure we enjoyed our meal.  The food was amazingly fresh and tasty.  We sampled their meat skewers, hummus, and gyros which were all delicious.  The beer garden out back is a great place to enjoy your meal.  They also grow fresh herbs and vegetables out back as well.  We look forward to visiting this neighborhood establishment often.Best food deal in the hood.  Most people seem to come here for the cheap drinks and pool,  they have a WIDE variety of "Philly special" mixups,  I noticed they had $3 margaritas tonight,  since I can only drink margaritas in sets of three I skipped this offering but I am sure no matter how they  tasted they would cost $3 each and fulfill the needs of the customer.  
I regularly eat here,  they serve till 11p I think,  the food is good and the portions are great.  If you get one of the food specials it's like $13 and is a Giant plate of food.  Its healthy too for Greek food,  not oily,  its not junky tasting and it comes out fast with real vegetables. 
Highly recommended especially in this hood where everything is precious and overpriced to prove it.  
They have a nice backyard too.This place is great. Fair prices, awesome food, and an awesome happy hour. I had their hummus and gyro. All was fantastic. Service was great as well. You could tell the bartenders respect the place and the owner. They have $1 pool and even outside seating in the back. All of this is of course hard to see from Girard. Go but don't tell too many people. I like always finding a seat at the bar.The issue wasn't the food, it was the service. We found the outside seating only because we saw it on yelp before. The server was scarcely available and seemed distant when talking to us. When we asked for the check she said we had to pay inside, which was weird enough, but we had to pay at a very crowded bar with no open areas and the server was clearly too busy. It felt like she asked us to pay inside just to make her shift easier when it made our attempt to leave more difficult. Food was okay though.Discovered Kosta's over a year ago and it has been a staple ever since. The beer garden out back is quaint and perfect on a summer night. The food is DELICIOUS their happy hour menu is very reasonably priced. Their drinks are also always priced well.  They offer a customizable city wide where you can choose your beer and a shot of tequila or whiskey for $4.  As other bars in the neighborhood increased their city wide prices, this is my favorite city wide spot. Vicilly the manager is always welcoming and friendly.  Kosta's has been found out recently though and is more crowded than in the past but it's still great!3 pool tables, chilled out atmosphere, awesome drink specials and great staff (for the most part). Awesome spot for a low key night for sure.Great food, cheap beer, cheap city wide special. Come with 40 bucks and you can have a great Greek meal, get drunk, and play pool all night. Great to see the owners bartending and interacting with patrons. Bartenders are always polite and fair. 5 stars alwaysi have always loved this place but tonight i was served by a foul petite blonde woman who was easily THE WORST bartender i've ever seen. She was exceedingly rude to my group of friends and kept demanding tips when we gave her like 40% on each drink bought. i hope this place comes to its senses and kicks her to the curb!! terribleWent here for a good bite to eat before a concert at The Fillmore. Wonderful, authentic-tasting Greek food - which means it's not adapted to American standards and portions, so keep that in mind! I ordered what I wanted: baba ganoush and Greek fries, which were listed on the menu as appetizers and therefore half off because happy hour is 5-7! With that plus the baklava I had for dessert, my meal was less than $10 where the three people I was with spent upwards of $20 on their meal. 
The only reason I'm holding out on that last star is because their service was slow. It felt like it took a good 20 minutes for our food to come out, but it tasted great when it finally got to us! They were good at keeping our waters full, because they are bartenders after all. I think our not drinking alcohol almost made them want to serve us less? Or another way to say that is it seems they are primarily concerned with their bar customers, which makes sense. 
Other good items to order: lamb burger, chicken kabob, gyro.Ok, so this is a long due review for Kostas. I'm surprised how I never went to this place despite staying so close to it and the cuisine being one of my favorite ones. We went there for happy hour on a weekday and I must say, they have some good happy hour deals. When you enter, it's your typical bar with a dimly lit restaurant but they have an awesome backyard that is blissful during summers. 
They have $2-3 beers during happy hour. You get an extra tequila or bourbon shot for $2 extra. Now for the food. We ordered the spanakopita, grape leaves, babaganoush. Their pita is amazingly delicious. 
Service is great. We had our server there when we needed her but it was not to the point of hovering around. The restaurant owner himself mingles with the guests making sure everyone is well fed and ok. It's one of those places that has retained a personal touch and vibe.I will never come to this bar again. For one it's dark and gloomy and smells bad. I've only been here once and I will never return. Me and my sister came for a drink since we were in the area. A male (Russian/white I'm not sure) bartender, old guy with long greasy hair (didn't catch his name) joked and flirted with us while we were there. Clearly he had been drinking but he sparked up a conversation. He asked us to check out the backyard so we did (horrible and tacky). Once we found a seat the bartender followed us out and began rubbing on my sister's shoulders. After she asked him to stop he continued joking around a made the statement "I love niggas". We were furious! The man vanished somewhere in the kitchen I believe and we left!This place has amazing Greek food with large portions at a super affordable price. When you first walk in it looks like more of a dive bar, but don't be discouraged, the food is great! The staff and the owner were so friendly and very attentive. I wanted to take a picture but my food was so good I couldn't put it down. Definitely will be back!Best Greek food ever!!! Got the mega gyro sandwhich with chicken and a Greek salad instead of fries. Ate every last bite. Will be going here again as soon as I can.Damn good gyro for $10, dive bar vibe ... good food and cheap drinks. Pool tables and shots, old school Philadelphia.One of the best restaurants in Fishtown!  The food is amazing.  Super authentic and fresh. Try the moussaka!  There is also a great patio in the back.I just love this place.  It is a "dive bar" with incredible and authentic Greek food!  I have taken a friend from Maryland here and my parents from Wisconsin. After experiencing 5-10 area bars, this was their favorite!  There is a PhotoHunt machine (other games included but this is clearly the most superior bar game), music player (what's it called these days?  Clearly no longer a jukebox), darts, and pool.  I have made many amazing memories here with dance parties.  Plus, city wide specials and quality Philly beer choices are plentiful.  The manager/owner is another highlight.  He is so personable and funny.  PLEASE come and support a local business that supports all customers!This is my SPOT! Kosta's is a Greek neighborhood bar in the Fishtown area that's bursting with newer drinks spots. I come for the 5 different CityWide combinations and to play the Jukebox (which edits out all Rap and R&B for the most part....bummer. They do NOT want to hear traditionally African-American music) but I can stay to shoot pool or snack on the extensive Greek menu of kabobs, fries, Greek nachos and gyros. This particular visit was for Pickle Backs (also $5) and to watch the Sixers. If you don't mind a slightly crowded, slightly loud bar that gets right to business with the drinks, and bartenders that are more drink-slingers than mixologists, check Kosta's out. The service isn't always polite or attentive, but these are tipped employees; so act accordingly when they don't rise to the occasion.The best food in Fishtown that no one knows about. Some of the best Greek food I have ever had. The owners are straight out of Greece, and you can tell. You can have a legit dinner here, get fucked up and play pool for like $40. They also have a cool backyard. It's more of a dive bar than anything else, but is the definition of a hidden gem. I would recommend for anyone.My favorite dive bar in Fishtown/Northern Liberties. Customizable city wides for $4 and pool tables. Need you ask for anymore? It's the kind of place I could spend all night at. They have a cool outdoor area in the back as well. I haven't tried their food but I have heard it is surprisingly good. Always have a good time whenever I come to Kostas.Have had multiple great experiences here. At night it's popping but if you get there earlier you may meet the friendly manager who's happy to talk and show you around. Overall great atmosphere and cheap drinks.This bar is a Philly gem. They have multiple  pool tables and some of the best drink specials in the city. The back outdoor area is really pretty and comfortable. I come here with my friends all the time and it doesn't hurt my bank account. The staff is extremely friendly and they have awesome bartenders. I would highly recommend this bar to others!!!Delicious food, we shared the meat platter for two. I wish it included a little more to make it a whole meal though. Hummus was a little blandThe food here was just unbelievable..We ordered the meat platter and it had chicken, pork and beef kufta on a skewer as well as gyro lamb meat..tzatziki sauce, pita and ordered a side of hummus that came with some pickled veggies..holy hell what a feast and such great prices..loved the waiter and finished off with Greek pudding and baklava for dessert..low key, spot..never would have thought the food would be that flavorful and memorable..I am bringing back everyone I know and love because they need to experience this!! Outside garden space to finish our cocktail was adorable, so many pretty flowers! Best!!Great laid back atmosphere with great drinks specials. If you come on a weeknight there's usually a pool table openEvery once in a while you reluctantly stop for a quick bite at what appears to be a dive bar and discover a gem. This is one of those places.
The place is a bit beat up and most people are there for a few drinks at the bar, but the food is incredible and the service was outstanding. If you're looking for great Greek food anywhere in the Philadelphia area, this place is worth it. 
I can't wait to go back!We ordered here via Grubhub and did not receive the full order , received compensation for items not receive, (pita bread / dressing.) after being told to contact Grubhub regarding the issue. 
Nonetheless, the food is always fresh and authentic otherwise it would be a 5 star rating.The back patio is a pleasant surprise. Have only gone here for night caps and great conversation.No thanks. The food and drinks weren't the best and after using my card there, some weird transactions started popping up. Can't say for sure what happened.Just received our order from UberEATS. So disappointed. The food came cold and doesn't seem fresh. We ordered Meat Lovers Special Combo - they forgot to put tzatziki sauce. I also asked to put feta cheese on the side in Greek salad and mention that one person is allergic to dairy - the cheese was in the salad, so I couldn't eat it. Got grilled calamari - there were only 3 small pieces of calamari and 4 pieces of octopus - if I'd have known that there will be octopus, we wouldn't get it!
And thanks for notifying (after I mentioned several times about dairy allergies) that your befteki has smth, because I have an allergy reaction now.
Thank you for such an amazing dinner!Kostas is a fun bar! They have $4 city wide specials (beer and a shot) all day every day! It's a good spot to have a group of friends and have cheap drinks and good times! The music is always great in my opinion, mix of 90's and 00's.
And I have to mention the food! The food is so good! I like skewers and the Greek salad all served with pita.I love this place!! I just moved into the neighborhood a few months ago and this has been my favorite spot to eat. We typically grab a drink at the bar and order some takeout. The food is extremely reasonable considering how delicious the food is. The spanikopita and greek nachos are both amazing. I always get the chicken skewer platter, which comes with rice, salad, pita & tzatziki, and pickled vegetables. Tons of food. Bartenders are friendly and helpful, and sometimes the owner will even come out for a chat. I will always recommend this place!!I am really excited to give this place five stars. I love it here. I would give it 6 if I could. The food is cheap and goooood. The drinks are also pretty cheap and you can get whiskey for $3. They have a great happy hour. There is a divey feel to it with pool tables, TVs, and music. I watched the Super Bowl here. What a great time! I love coming here before a show at the Fillmore nearby or just for an evening on the town.After the fishtown feastivale, didn't see any standout foods and after evil genius not seeing anyone seating was starving so we went to kostas 
Had Greek nachos and gyros which was good!!We ordered in from Kostas, and the food was AWFUL.  The pickles were so sour that we had to spit them out.  The dolmas were flavorless.  The shrimp was rubbery.  The rice was bland.  The pita was stale.  They phyllo dough was soggy.
On top of that, we ordered 2 gyros, but without explanation or warning, they substituted shrimp and chicken.  
Hands down, the worst food we've ever ordered in.  What did we just eat?I went here for the first time last week and loved it! They have a great happy hour from 4:30-6:30 Monday-Friday with half price appetizers and drink specials. It has a dive-bar type feel to it, with pool tables as well, but the food was wayyyy better than your average bar food. 
As an appetizer we got the greek nachos, which are fried pita wedges with a bunch of great toppings. Super good. For dinner I got the mega gyro sandwich (only $10 for so much food!) and it was delicious, especially the pita. I'm not a huge fan of fries in general but these were seasoned really well so I actually really enjoyed them! My cousin got the spanakopita as her meal, also a ton of food, and the bites that I tried were soooooooo good! The service was great too and the food and drinks came pretty fast.
Looking forward to going here again soon!Like the others say, dont judge a place by its looks. the food here is well made and the presentation is very pretty!! You wouldn't expect a bar like that would serve such good quality meals. I was happy to buy grill chicken platter ~
Edit: After going three times, the service quality plummeted for me unfortunately, The bar tenders that are suppose to be serving the people for food were completely ignoring me and havent approach me. Oh well!Great bar in Fishtown. Excellent prices, good Greek food. And it still has that divey feel that most places around here don't. My go-toKostas is a great bar in fishtown but the food is a hit too. I placed a huge order a few months ago and they got it all right. Recently ordered some food for myself and it was ready I no time and very good. I'd give 5 but the hummus underwhelms me. Overall a great spot!Review is based on the food for takeout. I got  the greek fries and a gyro (didnmt realize gyros come with fries lol).  Food is overall pretty average. Nothing extraordinary, but not bad. Greek fries aren't anything spectacular, unless you like  crumbled cheese on yourr fries.Best Greek restaurant in Philadelphia.
The octopus is mouth watering. The staff is very fast and friendly.When I discovered this little slice of heaven right off girard I found myself there 3 times in one week. The backyard is legit perfect. Plenty of seating, string lights, plants, and a lot of space! 
It's a great casual vibe for a first date or to link up with friends. Food and drinks are priced well and made well. My fav cocktail is def the mule except I sub it with Jager, a Berlin mule. Yes you should try it :)
For food i chose the 3 spreads as well as the chicken skewers. Everything is super fresh and the chicken was cooked perfectly. Fries are always good too and they have cheese on themThe best Greek food ever and this is from someone Greek and very fussy!!.  Best server is "Star". She is friendly, personable and a great worker. We stumbled in one day and keep going back.  A little noisy with the music, but it is a bar. We have asked to turn out down and they always oblige.Don't be mistaken from the looks of this place from the outside, looks like a typical bar with a bouncer standing in front checking IDs. 
My husband and I wanted some good Gyros and decided to check this place out after reading some reviews. We sat in the backyard, which has a completely diff vibe from the inside, relaxed/chill/awesome place to have a casual dinner on a perfect summer evening. 
The owners of the restaurants are so amazing and friendly. They came over to our table making casual talk explaining the menu and making us feel welcomed. 
For apps: we had the dip sampler (so good!) everything is fresh & homemade. Came with 5 dips (variety of hummus), stuffed grape grape leaves, olives, pickled veggies and warm pita (I ate so much pita tonight).  We also ordered the octopus based on the owner's recommendation.
For dinner we had the traditional gyro and the Greek meatball gyro, came with fries. SO SO good. 
By this time we were so full, but our amazing waiter insisted we try the balaclava. We took it to go. 
The service was amazing, I truly enjoyed speaking with our waiter/owner and made our experience amazing. 
Check this hidden gem out!Oh my goodness. I couldn't even take a picture because I couldn't put my food down after the first bite. The food overall is incredible. I went with a large group and they were very accommodating to us.