The staff was amazing. Cute hidden sushi place on Jewelers row. We had a groupon so we went to try it out. We were seated right away. Ordered our food and got our soup quick. After the soup, someone who was either the chef or the owner surprised us with a free sushi appetizer and introduced himself to us. He asked us our names and shook both of our hands. His welcoming personality took me off guard because you rarely see that in Philly restaurants. The sushi was very good. Highly recommend.Here in Philly on a family vacation and craving some sushi.  Was very impressed!   The sushi was very affordable and tasted delicious!  The dirty seaweed salad is amazing and we also loved the volcano roll and the amazing tuna roll.  Everything was very good, but those were our favorites.Great service and great food!!!!  Great gluten free options. So warm, welcoming and accommodating! In from out of town and will definitely cGood food and even better service! JJ was super nice and hospitable. Much appreciated!I love koto sushi,the food was delicious!!! Beautiful place and great staff!Highly recommended.Definitely be back!This was a nice little sushi place with a laid back atmosphere. The sushi was good and if you bought the special it was reasonably priced. The workers were extremely nice and very attentive. Miso soup was rich in flavor and so was the sushi. Will definitely go back.Very good food! I don't even usually like sushi and I enjoyed the food here. Great service and incredibly nice staff!They really exceeded my expectations last night. The staff is warm and friendly. The sushi, even the basic rolls, is made well. I enjoyed the miso soup here and even though it is a very basic item on Japanese menus not everyone gets it right. They even gave us a complimentary kani salad which was totally unexpected. We used a generous groupon and two Kit-kats came with our bill. The little touches mattered the most. Great job Koto.Terrific sushi and the best service! Absolute gem. We had the volcano and spicy girl roll and really enjoyed both.Decided to check this place out with my boyfriend during our weekend trip to Philly and was not disappointed! We got there 30 minutes before closing but never felt rushed! The food, service and ambiance was one of a kind!
We started with the Pork gyoza. My boyfriend had the general tso chicken and I had a shrimp tempura and California roll and everything was amazing! The owner came out and introduced himself and gave us a salad on the house that was amazing! 
Everything was amazing! Can't wait to go back!!! Definitely worth checking out!I went to dinner with my roommates and had a wonderful experience. From the attentive service to the chef coming out to give us a free appetizer, this place was fantastic! The sushi was great and I definitely will be back.Despite the groupon and close proximity, I was quite disappointed with quality of the food and the slightly overinflated prices.
Must get: urchin, soft shelled crab
Meh: signature sushi, pepper tuna tataki (MUST AVOID), dirty seaweed salad
Missed out: yellow tail sashimi
I came here with my wife here on a journey to sample new sushi joints in Philly. While the service was quite expedient and friendly, as there were only 6 patrons when we arrived, the food quality just didn't match. We ordered the age dashi tofu, pepper tuna tataki and dirty seaweed salad for appetizer. I was a bit disappointed by the age dashi as I am more familiar with the lightly battered soft tofu in a broth with seaweed, however, Koto sushi just fried them and served them as they were. The biggest disappointment/disaster was the pepper tuna, it came out on a fancy bed of greens, but the fish was frozen, tasteless, thin, and represented the few times where I ate the prized protein so my wife wouldn't have to suffer. The soft shelled crab was also jarringly different when it came out, as I was expecting something that resembled a crab, but instead I was treated with chunks of crab meat heavily battered and fried. However, I was quite pleased as it came straight out of the fryer and was not overwhelming or too oily. I was a bit surprised by the sea urchin, which for $10 for 3 pieces...wasn't all that bad. It did not come in the shell, which made me question the freshness, especially when it lacked the briny taste and smell that I've been accustomed to with fresh urchin, but hey, $3 per piece is decent. Finally, the signature rolls, including the lobster and crab meat were meh at best.
Overall, I think that despite the groupon deal, I'd have much better and I strongly recommend avoiding the tataki tuna at all cost unless you have a desire to eat thin ice ships with fish flavoring.
Food: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 2-3 starsTook a late lunch, the place was empty but this sushi was super fresh. Melted in my mouth, I'll definitely be back.Wow, just wow. When I first looked at the reviews for this restaurant I thought how can a restaurant have so many 5 Star Reviews!! I thought the reviews were to good to be true, but I was wrong!! The servers are extremely kind and courteous and extremely helpful, and we got our drinks almost immediately after sitting down! The only downfall was we did have to wait around 20-25 minutes to order, and another 15 minutes to get our food. Which considering that they were pretty busy, is not to long of a wait!! As soon as our food came, my jaw dropped the food was so freaking good, brought me to tears. Best Sushi I have ever had! 10/10 recommend to anyone looking for some amazing sushi, and great service. I tried the fun Japanese soda, and I didn't like the taste, but it was really fun, and pretty!! Highly, highly recommend. Please go, and eat some sushi for me!!  (Also I got the Caterpillar Roll and Pink Lady roll). 
Heads up: It is very nicely air conditioned, very refreshing from the humidity outside, but I do recommend bringing a sweater!!The service at this place was really good. The food was good but I have had better sushi. We had the spicy maki combo (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy California roll) which came with the soup and salad, yakitori for appetizer and crazy roll. The maki combo was better than the special crazy roll. But the lady serving us was really polite. They also give kitkats at the end of your meal.Everything was perfect m. Service was attentive and friendly. Food was very fresh and well prepared. I'll definitely be back and next time I'm bringing friends.I was really disappointed in light of the stellar yelp reviews. I had the poke and apparently the take-home message is to stick to poke from dedicated poke joints -- and we are lucky to have a few in center city. This was not. Iceberg lettuce and not much else. barely any fish. certainly did not seem work the $12. I also had a salmon avocado hand roll and it was fine but definitely less fish and not quite as good high quality as other nearby options. I ordered online and did take-out. I don't know if I would have had better food dining in.Our party of 4 had a wonderful dinner at kotosushi. We started with the pork and vegetable dumplings along with the kani and dirty seaweed salads. All of them we delicious and the presentations were beautiful. One person in our party ordered the steak hibachi. The steak was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The rest of us ordered sushi rolls and they were delicious.  Our server was very helpful when we were asking questions about menu items.  The staff in general were all so pleasant and accommodating. So glad we got a chance to come here and we will certainly be coming back!This is some of the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia! Very friendly staff and great simple as well as big rolls. They made sure we felt comfortable and even gave us a free sampleHidden gem! I'm visiting from New York and found this place on yelp. It was great! The staff was friendly and helpful and the sushi was as good as I have had! The chef sent me an appetizer. I never eat anything fried but I would have licked the plate- it was the lightest, most delicate and delicious fried fish I have ever had! I highly recommend Koto Sushi. I'm here for three nights and will eat here two of the three. Definitely worth a try for lunch or dinner- and very reasonably priced.Good sushi spot we found through yelp!.. definitely a hidden gem.
Oh....the FREE mini KitKat was a bonus!!They have a great selection of rolls and everything was delicious. The owner came out and personally greeted us and gave us an off the menu tasting of cucumber and salmon salad. They made you feel like a star customer. Plus it is a byob! I highly recommend.Great sushi!!!! Service is A+, we were very satisfied, I highly recommend it.  One of the best sushi I had ever had.An outstanding value for lunch. A selection of their signature sushi rolls for $9.95 (usually $12-15).  Quality is the best I've had in Philadelphia. The owner greeted me personally, and included soup and a salad gratis. Service is attentive.  The restaurant is pleasing to the eye, clean, quiet. All in all, a great experience.BYOB! Fresh/friendly!  In close proximity to many of the tourist attractions but just enough out of the way that you feel part of the local community! The sushi was fresh,service was fast, overall good experience! Best of all....reasonably priced. Hamachi, fried rice, and 1 roll=$24! A stealThis place is a *brand* new sushi/Asian spot on Sansom. I stopped in after a long day and was greeted by the owner, who was so nice and hospitable. He helped guide me through the menu and cooked me up a tasty chicken hibachi meal to go, complete with salad and a really delicious miso soup.
If you have time, please give these locals a chance as they start their new dream-restaurant!Quality sushi place with some excellent lunch and early bird specials. Happy to finally have something like this on Jewelers Row!exceptional! koto has easily become my new favorite sushi spot in the city! highly recommend the las vegas roll but all of the rollls i tried were fresh and delicious! plus you can't beat a BYOB spot!The owners and workers are the best that I have ever encountered at any establishment. They even recommend where to get parking spaces haha.
I love the tea pot that the jasmine green tea was in.
The vegetable maki combo was an option for vegetarians.
The Black dragon was my favorite. The Pink Pussycat (I only ordered it because of the name) had an interesting crunch to it because cashew was one of the ingredients.
Plus, who spoils it's customers with KitKat as complimentary desserts.Decided to try this new place which was great! Food was delicious and nice presentation. The owner and staff were very friendly. The food and service were great. I would def come back.great sushi and very friendly staff !!
The owner is very friendly and kind! They offer great lunch specials which are great for takeout on a lunch break at work ! Their dining area is also beautiful and very clean, a great spot for a byob date night (:Wonderful service and even better sushi! Loved the Spicy Girl Roll, the Godzilla Roll and the Sex on the Beach Roll. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff, especially JJ!! Thanks for the awesome meal and experience!! We will definitely be back soon!We were staying a few blocks  away for work and made the short walk for dinner. It was amazing! Service was good, the owner was very friendly, and the food was very fresh. This could easily be a frequent stop in the future.My wife and I went to Koto Sushi not long ago and had a fantastic experience. The owner JJ and his wife are wonderful hosts and immediately made us feel welcomed and appreciated. The sushi was to die for and was reasonably priced. We had 4 rolls and miso soup and it was under $50! The wait staff was friendly and polite, attending to us many times. The restaurant space is very large and clean. We went on a Monday night, and it was not crowded, but hopefully these continuing 5 star reviews get more people to give it a try. We will certainly be going back in the near future!To start, we have never written a Yelp review before. However, our experience was so incredible at Koto Sushi we just had to start! The manager JJ is so personable and we cannot wait to return. Not only was the sushi fresh and delicious, but the hospitality was one of a kind. We felt so at home and even received a special dish on the house--we truly felt that the staff cared for us and did everything they could to ensure we had the best experience. The pink lady roll melts in your mouth and the sashimi is out of this world. Also, this is a BYOB establishment and we enjoyed our wine along with our meal--our server even poured our wine and gave us an ice bucket. I wouldn't change anything about this place and cannot wait to recommend to our friends in Philly! Please support this kind family and amazing restaurant.Wow. Some of the best sushi I've had. JJ was a great host and portions were generous. Short walk from my hotel - The Franklin. If you're in the area, don't hesitate. An easy five star rating.Ordered takeout via yelp and the process was great. No issues. Food and time to make the sushi was also great. I'll absolutely order takeout again. 
The sushi was very good and seemed fresh. I think this place is new and I hope they make it!Koto sushi was an absolute delight! Hidden in Jewelers Row, this sushi gem was extremely tasty. The service was spot on, as the owners gave us a free appetizer, free Japanese soda and kit Kat bars hidden in our check! The gifts kept coming.
Not the cheapest place in town, but very high quality and fantastic service. You can tell they really care about their customers.
We will be back!I really can't say enough about the staff....they provided us a complimentary roll for something they were trying out in the kitchen, took our picture, just awesome. Sushi knocked it out of the park too (some of the best we've had since being in Tokyo a month ago!!)The sushi was yummy and the staff was very nice. I came with a group and everyone was very happy with the sushi they ordered.Great find from Californua sushi lovers who stumbled into best sushi in Philly.? JJ the owner is super friendly.We ordered sushi to be delivered and the portions were disgraceful. The rolls were so lose I couldn't use chopsticks without them falling apart. Very disappointed!What a great find after the flower show, Owner welcomed us and was incredibly gracious. Staff super efficient and gravious, Interesting and yummy rolls. All good :)Great find!  Believe the reviews 5 STAR delicious. We took a risk to eat here on a Saturday night. Our sushi was wonderful. Tuna melted in your mouth. We had Crazy Roll, Sex on the Beach Roll, Double T's Roll and Naruto Maki Roll. They even had brown rice options. Great service. If you want to make it a long meal you can BYOB too. Highly recommend you try this restaurant. We're already planning on our next visit.The owners and workers are the best that I have ever encountered at any establishment. Great sushi, reasonably priced and the best people! A great find. Reviews are all accurate. Super friendly and hospitable staff.We loved the food and hospitality here! 
Whether you're in the mood for hibachi, sushi, tempura and teriyaki meals, poke' bowls, including a make your own option (with tofu as a protein choice), hand rolls, or maybe something a tad unique. We met the owner JJ and he was a doll. He made sure to come out from the semi open kitchen and introduce himself. There's so many tempting options on the extensive menu we could come often and never have the same thing twice! Vegan friendly.The service at this place was really good. The food was good but I have had better sushi. We had the spicy maki combo (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy California roll) which came with the soup and salad, yakitori for appetizer and crazy roll. The maki combo was better than the special crazy roll. But the lady serving us was really polite. They also give kitkats at the end of your meal.Don't yelp much but this place is amazing! Food is great and service is even better! JJ was the man! Highly recommended!Fantastic service. The owner came out and introduced himself which you never see anywhere anymore. Fresh and delicious will be back!Very nice place and yummy sushi!
yummy hibachi!
So happy to have dinners here! 
Definitely it will be my go to place!Portion size, people! Portion size. I got the lobster bisque miso which was so small and had no lobster bites to speak of--I guess it's in the broth?! I got the poke burrito and it was half the size of a sushi burrito I regularly get. Yes it was tasty but I feel cheated. Won't come back here cause I'm hungrier than their portion sizes satisfy. I'm not on diet, homie :)Finally got a chance to check this place out, very good! Service was excellent and food was delicious. Great addition to Jeweler's Row!I ordered the sweet potato rolls, asparagus rolls, fried rice, and shrimp shumai all for pick-up. When I arrived, the staff was very friendly and the owner even came over and introduced himself! I got home and the food was DELICIOUS! This place is new and on Jewelers Row--definitely going to be my new go-to for sushi/take-out!I am coming again. Very happy. Haha. Whether it is the service and the atmosphere is as good as ever. I  chose the right one. Supporting koto shushi will have different surprises...Little place but with a lot space between tables! You can stay in your privacy!
The food was great! We take 2 different type of roll and sashimi deluxe, then the guy gift us a very nice plate with cucumber and fried fish! 
At  the end also a very good beverage strawberry and aloe! In added to 2 KitKat with the check!
The place is not much expensive!
We must return!!I found Koto Sushi through Groupon. They opened fairly recently and I'm hoping that they'll grow to be a popular restaurant. Their menu was very extensive, ranging from standard Japanese restaurant appetizers to sushi, poke bowls, and cooked Japanese dishes. They also have dessert (mochi, I think it was) and a large variety of drinks, including ramune! The sushi was very good, and I recommend the Angel Roll -- the shrimp tempura was perfect and paired so well with the cucumber, avocado, and spicy crab on top.
The service at Koto stood out to me the most. All the servers were attentive from when I stepped into the restaurant to when I left. One of the servers helped me fill my water bottle too, so I'm grateful for that. The owner, JJ, came to my table at the end of the meal and asked for my name and how the food was. We talked for a bit and he invited me to come back with my friends next time. And at the end, when I left, he used my name -- this really shows his genuine devotion to making sure his customers feel welcome.
I will definitely go back. I wish Koto Sushi the best of luck!I was wondering how this place had 5 stars on Yelp and their amazing service answered my question. The servers here are incredible! 
The cook (who seemed to be the manager as well) is very engaging with his customers. He bought us a dish with fresh white flounder fish with sriracha mayo and cucumber. By the way this was on the house. Never had any other sushi place put their customers satisfaction as such a priority as Koto. 
Compared to my favorite sushi places in Michigan, there wasn't as many special rolls but the sushi options are fresh and the ones we ordered were pretty good. 
I also recommend trying their Japanese Soda -- it goes great with the sushi.We're big sushi fans and think of Shiroi Hana and Tuna Bar as the go tos in Philly. Went here to try something new and had our expectations vastly surpassed.
Stepping in, I wasn't impressed. The fluorescent lighting over the chef's station permeated the whole restaurant giving off a harsh light. The seating seemed too sparse, there was room to fill the space with more tables. The few tables occupied on Friday night didn't seem to bode well.
But sitting and looking at the menu, I was immediately impressed by the pricing. So affordable.  Three pieces of salmon sashimi for $5.50 beats most places in the city. The specialty rolls, ranging $11 to $16 were about right but everything else was cheaper than I would expect.
Throughout the experience, the staff was consistently impressive. They always showed up at the right time. I never felt neglected like I usually do at Tuna Bar.
The food rocked. Our Kani salad, rolls, and sashimi were all on point. The salmon sashimi, while not the best ever, was generously portioned and plenty high quality. For the price, we were floored. 
Overall, this place is an extremely good value. Hole in the wall sushi doesn't get better than this in Philly.I can't say enough good things about Koto Sushi - I'm not sure what's better, the kind and efficient customer service or the quality of the food. We took our toddler who was a little wild last night, and the chef/owner made him a balloon animal, entertainer him, and gave him an orange juice to go as a gift. The food was delicious - we had several appetizers and a ton of sushi (so good). The prices were reasonable. We dine out a lot in Philly, often at new/different places, but we'll be coming back to Koto Sushi again soon. Thank you for the amazing hospitality!!!Great sushi restaurant it is hidden gem located in the jewelry district.  This restaurant is a must eat. I highly recommend checking out this place.Couldn't love this place more than I do. Staff were very attentive and JJ was so sweet to stop by our table to ask us how our evening was. The sushi was so fresh and price was worth it for the quality we received. Presentation was on point too - fun way of plating things that made you eat with your eyes first! Definitely one of the top sushi places we've been to. ( we've been to quiet a few places around Philly trying to taste every place at least once) Plus it's BYOB.My wife and I were out walking jewlers row and stumbled across this place. Food was delicious we both ordered the hibachi. I got the steak she got the salmon, we both loved it. I also ordered the caterpillar roll that was also delicious. Super friendly staff. A guy even came out with something that wasen't on the menu for our table. I can't for the life of me remember what it was called or what was in it but it was also very good. I would deffinatley recommend Koto to a friend!Excellent sushi at a great price! Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. Large menu with many options and excellent choice of signature rolls.Great lunch specials and fantastic service! I had the Angel roll and was happy to see it didn't come drowned in sauce. It was very big and filling. JJ (really friendly guy) gave me a bowl of cucumber and tempura to try with my food and it was tasty. 
Will be back to try their other rollsThe salmon udon is very good, fish is still juicy and fresh even in the hot soup. The tempora shrimp is the best ever, another item can't be missed!! Service is very good. Highly recommended!Great sushi, reasonably priced and the best people!
I get take out lunches there regularly and it's now my favorite go-to spot for dinner out. Never had anything that wasn't fresh, nicely presented and tasty. The rice in sushi is often the overlooked ingredient, and JJ's rice is the best I've ever had. Not only that, they've restored my faith in uni. I quit even trying to order it years ago, because it was so often not quite perfect. And not quite perfect uni is awful! Ordered it twice now, and it was perfect!
JJ and AP are the best and so is their restaurant... I hope they will be around for many years to come. Right now, though, they need some more warm bodies in there!  I know you don't think of jeweler's row when you think of sushi, but give them a try....you won't be disappointed!
( There's plenty of parking there in the evenings, too)We found this restaurant through Groupon and my interest was piqued by the very high ratings. Unfortunately,  my experience was very different from the many 4-5 star reviews I'd read. Almost immediately after ordering we were brought our pork gyoza. They came so fast I was a bit confused. I ate them b/c I was so hungry, even though they varied from lukewarm to actually cold. Clearly they took them from the fridge and gave them an all too quick sear. The server offered to take them off the bill but we had ordered perfectly for our Groupon amount and were in a rush. We got a bunch of simple rolls which were fine but nothing special. The server was very nice and apologized for the gyoza and gave us a free Voss water on the house. Not awful but I won't be coming back.Great BYOB sushi place! The food was delicious and the service very friendly. We will definitely be back!Koto is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food and service! The restaurant is clean. The servers are kind. The food is fresh, and the chef is super pleasant and welcoming. As a student I want to come here all the time! It's an amazing spot in Philadelphia.What a wonderful place for lunch!  The food was fresh, beautifully presented and delicious. I had the tofu teriyaki Bento Box which was amazing. The tempura that was part of the lunch and was my favorite part. The people running the restaurant were friendly and helpful.  I plan on going back again very soon.Lunch specials are reasonably priced and i enjoyed the sushi. Owner was also very nice and offered me a drink for the road.It was outstanding- great service and awesome food.  Their special rolls are amazing!!!This place is not one of those pretentious, over the top sushi restaurants. It has a pretty solid "american" Japanese menu offerings. Food tastes great and the staff is friendly. If I lived closer, I would get my weekly (more like daily) sushi cravings fixed and we would all live happily ever after. 
If you're looking for an affordable, solid sushi options near Wash sq, this place is it. 
If you're looking for the one of a kind omakase experience, morimoto is right around the corner.Everything was delicious. We came here based on the five star yelp reviews and were not disappointed. The owner JJ came over and introduced himself and also gave us a free appetizer that was delicious and a complimentary Japanese soda. Great byob , super casual. Will be backEasily the best sushi I've ever had. Everything was fresh, tasty, and nicely presented. We got the spicy girl roll, sex on the beach roll, Philly roll. All the employees were extremely friendly and remembered our names. Definitely will be coming back again soon.Service and food were excellent. I highly recommend this place for their great lunch specials and and late night hibachi.Food was great! We got the roll lunch specials. They were very well priced. Staff and management were very nice and welcoming. Would definitely come again and encourage others to stop by.We just moved next door so we were eager to try this place in the hopes we'd have a go-to sushi BYO so close. Thankfully, this place exceeded our expectations. We expected average sushi for when we didn't want to have to walk too far or uber to a better place. Not the case. What a find! Everything we had was top quality, great presentation, fresh, etc. The staff is fantastic. The chef even brought us a sample of a special salad to try, introduced himself, and remembered our names later in the evening. We will be back every week for sure. Grab a bottle of wine or saki and give it a shot!Phenomenal sushi!  Don't usually write reviews but this restaurant warranted it.  Top notch sushi rolls.  Melt in your mouth sashimi.  Great service.  Owner even came by to see how things were.  Would definitely return.Great new sushi place on 7th and Sansom!
Owner JJ is really nice and friendly. The restaurant inside is a little chilly because of AC vents. Booths and tables. Entrance is not handicap/stroller friendly because of a few stairs but inside is spacious.
Starters: miso soup and seaweed salad. Miso was great, typical recipe. Seaweed salad was the frozen kind that comes prepared to the restaurant - but still good. 
Rolls: sweet potato tempura, oshinko, and veg California roll (Maki combo) and special fire roll & salmon avocado roll. Fish was fresh and he rice was very good quality.This place is weak. I was never expecting NOBU quality or experience but for a local good sushi spot this place was disappointing. The service was slow and the waitress barely spoke english which I wouldn't mind except I felt like I had to have a translator to order a roll. Waited over 20 minutes for seaweed salad and a ginger salad to arrive. Both were subpar. The shrimp tempura roll was good. The spicy tuna roll was not good. Used the Groupon discount which made the experience easier to digest given the mediocre food. I would not come here again.