Well, Kung Fu Hoagies removed my favorite sandwich on the menu, which I was pretty upset about. I truly miss their 100% vegan lemongrass tofu bahn mi. It was spectacular. However, they've replaced it with my new favorite: the Meatball Bánh Mì.  They have a new recipe for their homemade tofu meatballs with red sauce and it is perfect both texture-wise and taste. The tofu meatballs are drenched in tomato sauce and sit on top of fresh carrot and daikon pickles, cucumber, cilantro, jalapeño, and vegan mayo on a fresh crusty roll from a local bakery. This sandwich may be my favorite sandwich in West Philadelphia. Every one of their sandwiches on the menu is vegan which makes this the only vegan food truck in existence in West Philly at the moment. 
You can count on them showing up at 38th and Sansom on most Thursdays and at Clark Park on Saturdays. But follow them on facebook or twitter in order to be sure to catch them. And please make sure to pester them to re-introduce the lemongrass tofu sandwich for me. Tell them Erin sent you.Kung Fu Hoagies has become one of my favorite things about living in Philadelphia. It's always a pleasant surprise when they've set up across the street from B2 in South Philly. Sometimes I will even ride my bike all the way to West Philly for a hoagie if the weather is nice! 
I love how often they change the menu. One time, they made this amazing sweet drink with jellies. It was so good. I'm hoping they'll make it again. I prefer the traditional tofu banh mi and the meatball banh mi, but I've enjoyed every single sandwich I've bought from them. Their sandwiches are always flavorful.
The guys are really nice, too!I found Kung Fu Hoagies a few weeks ago, and I've been internet-stalking them ever since.
I am completely addicted to their tofu bahn mi. They take a delightfully chewy roll from Cacia's Bakery, smother it in a vegan sriracha mayo, and toss in some homemade pickled carrots and daikon, fresh cucumber and cilantro, jalepenos sans seeds and lemongrass tofu. The result is packed with flavor, incredibly filling and a steal at 4 bucks. I have a hard time ordering anything else. I've tried the Veggie Pho, and it was definitely good comfort food between the hot broth, noodles and vegan beef, but the vegan meatballs weren't that great. 
I am dying to try the ramen dish, which is also a steal at 4 bucks. Ramen should be inexpensive, hello, Ramen Bar, I'm talking to you! Every lunch item on the menu is 100% vegan, however Kung Fu does have a few non-vegan, but completely vegetarian options like muffins. 
After switching around between University City, Clark Park and South Philly, the cart is currently trying to decide on a forever home. I'm desperately hoping they decide to move to University City permanently and I've been sending all my coworkers and friends to them to convince them to stay.Listen ya'll, I'm not a vegtarian but JUST TRY and tear me away from a Kung Fu Hoagies and you might want to check yourself. 
These guys drove all in on my turf for a weekend food festival and had my food nose radar standing at attention right away. I ordered a beef seitan Bahn Mi with a little extra sriracha sauce for good measure and was not let down. I tore into that bad boy like a 5 year tearing into a Christmas morning present. It was amazing. The seitan was tender, flavorfully sweet and in abundance. The roll was soft on the inside and had a crisp crust on the outside. The pickled veggies were tart and sweet at the same time and gave that extra snap that pulled the sandwich together deliciously.
A+ my friends. This is some good eats!Wow! A healthy, delicious, well made meal from a cart! Some of the best cart food around. The guys are super nice as well. Definitely worth checking out.Little cart in Clark Park with delicious bbq beef banh mi (I think it's vegan/vegetarian) and refreshing iced lychee tea! That iced tea is definitely great for a hot summer day. I would definitely get food here again, especially since I haven't seen Lucky Souls Burger Truck around anymore. The guys are very nice and let me sample my order before I decided to get it. There also isn't a huge line and the cart is cute!Stopped by during the Uhuru Flea Market to FINALLY try one of their hoagies & was not disappointed!  It's great to have a cart that's all vegetarian and GOOD food!  These guys hit it on the mark!  And their menu changes.  If you get a chance, give them a try!Amazing and reasonably priced bahn mi. I'm not a vegetarian, but I love vegetarian food and try to eat it (over meat) as often as possible. Honestly their "pork" banh mi trumps any meat hoagie or bahn mi I've had so far. Super flavorful, with nice contrast from perfectly pickled vegetables and sauce, I was disappointed I'd only gotten the short roll, rather than the regular size. Definitely going to order from them again and try out the rest of the menu.A weekend Clark Park staple, Kung Fu Hoagies is a great food truck/stand. The crew couldn't have been nicer and helped me order upon my first visit. 
They suggested the #1 (the "pork" banh mi) for me since it was my first visit. I opted for a short roll, which was $5 and about the size of a "Shorti" from Wawa. In this day & age of upscale food trucks where a sandwich often costs $8+, the price was a welcome change of pace.
And the sandwich. Wow. The shredded "pork" (tofu) was nice and crispy and had tons of flavor. The extra vegetables and cilantro were nice bright bursts of flavor. The sauce, some type of garlic aioli, I think, was great, too. Despite only ordering the short roll, i was completely satisfied and did not wish I went for the bigger sandwich at all. A perfect lunch option!
I am always excited to try new and different iterations of tofu and other vegan food. I'm not vegetarian/vegan, but I love how inventive and delicious vegan food can be. Kung Fu Hoagies gave a stellar first impression. The rest of the menu looked great too!Wow!! I have been wanting to go here for a while and I'm so glad I did. $6 for a short roll is plenty for one person and the "pork" was amazing! Juicy with a meaty texture, all the flavors combined wonderfully for this vegan sandwich.Was super psyched to finally check this place out! Their food is supremely delicious and filling at beyond reasonable rates. Hoagies so damn good I went back for a second with delight(even as I was kind of full:)! The guys who run this truck are genuinely sweet and talkative. I cannot wait to return to this cart!After reading Vedge's Rich Landau's stellar remarks about this place, we trekked to South Philly during the Mummer's Day Parade from way yonder in the city and found Landau was on point. The guys that own it were super friendly as other reviews mentioned. We got the tofu meatball banh mi and the veggie pork banh mi, which was more than enough for the two of us. The tofu didn't really taste like meatballs, and the pork didn't really taste like pork, which is exactly what we like. Whatever it was, it was delicious and with fresh ingredients. The pho was just as good, and finding good veg pho (sans chicken/beef broth) is no easy task in the city. Can't wait to try out the other items on the menu, like the BBQ chicken banh mi and the chicken skewers.Love these guys, they are super nice and down to earth. The service is excellent and all of the food is really delicious.I ate one of their hoagies from the cart they set up at the Punk Rock flea market in 2012, and it was deeeeeeclious!   I plan to go again to the flea market in December this year, so I hope that have a cart there again.  Not everyone is able to make tofu taste delicious, Kung Fu Hoagies does it.I ordered the spicy ramen soup today and it was so good, tasty, and filling.  I don't think I can move.  Anyway, it was so very well seasoned with faux chicken, spicy pickles, and fresh cucumber.  The soup was crunchy, spicy, lots of noodles and so very good. I highly recommend it.So happy Kung Fu Hoagies comes to South Philly! I had a bbq beef banh mi and it was so so good.As obsessed as I am w/ Kung Fu Hoagies, I should be eating there even more often. Their sandwiches, their soups, their skewers. So much vegan friendliness in one little cart. And soooo very tasty. Yum, now I'm totally craving Kung Fu Hoagies, this green smoothie I'm having for breakfast is doing nothing for me, I need something spicy and hearty!
Also, always really great and personable service. One of the owners has a son and he's like my little BFF whenever I go there. He's about 5-years-old and we practice math and talk about turtles and dragons and whatever other fun stuff 5-year-olds enjoy discussing. Truth, he's a big part of my Kung Fu Hoagies love. 
Highly recommend. Yum yum!Catchy name. Was expecting some Asian older lady selling these kind of stuffs. Totally surprised that they're two guys. And not even close to being a viet.. Friendly folks.
They were just starting to prep their food stands when I got there one Saturday morning. Checking out their menu, and I was surprised again.. Their prices are cheaper than what I expected it to be -of a banhmi.
The fact that they're vegan hoagies doesn't really change anything. It taste good. Their price makes the taste even better though.
My only complaint is that, there's not enough sauce. It's kinda dry.. Or maybe I should've ate it when it's still warm.. :( 
Make sure to follow their twitter / facebook, to get their correct location each time -as they always move around.
Can't wait to return to try something else!GOOD. LORD. I have only been here when the punk rock flea market is going on, but every single time the punk rock flea market IS going on... this is the first place I go.
Cheap, delicious, vegan hoagies.
My only complaint is that it was a bit saucy and i made a damned mess.  Other than that, deeeelicious.I love Kungfu hoagies. When I first saw their cart, my favorite was always spicy ramen. I could eat it any time of the year. It is so good with the spicy pickles in it. And when I switched to their hoagies, the vegan meatball hoagie is super delicious. Even in Vietnam, I couldn't find any vegan meatball hoagie that is as good as their. I would vote it's the best vegan meatball hoagie that I've ever had. The other two hoagies are good too. But I always pick the meatball one. Plus the owners of Kungfu Hoagies, both of them are really friendly! Go Kungfu Hoagies!My love for Kung Fu Hoagies is sooo strong. I always get the #1 at the stand in Clark Park. Best vegan pork in the world, with little noodles and crisp veggies. The sauce is awesome. Such a fun place to stop by.Love this place.  Guys are friendly and the food is delicious!  Oh, and super cheap ($4-$5 for a dish).  They usually have a daily special, which I always try (mixed banh mi or red curry).  My usual choice is the sesame peanut chicken.  Oh, and almost everything (aside from some specials) is vegan.  That's right, a vegan food truck!  Fantastic!!  I eat their food most weekends at Clark Park.  Food is flavorful, a little spicy, and yummy.  Keep supporting them!Tried the Sifu ramen special here & it was just ok.  It was nice to have warm broth on a cold day but this was no better (actually worse) than any packaged ramen I could make at home -- definitely not worth $5.  The Sifu Ramen included some kale, 2 little tomatoes, and some crunchy onion rings, but it's mostly just water/broth and noodles.  More veggies would have been appreciated, especially since it's billed as healthy (as advertised online).
I've also tried one of their tofu hoagies & it was okay -- not especially flavourful but definitely edible.
Kung Fu seems to serve pretty acceptable bland food in general (aside from the saltiness).I tried the #1 hoagie which is their "pork" banh mi. Everything is veggie friendly here, so it's made from tofu, jicama and other veggies to make for the protein/chewiness that imitates meat.
The carrots, cilantro and other toppings that go on are pretty good -- exactly what should go on a banh mi. I found the tofu to be rather bland though -- although I know they're going for the healthy / vegan route. I'd definitely add some sriracha. Pretty underwhelming overall for me. $5 hoagie -- it'll fill you.Super delicious, insanely flavorful, Asian inspired 100% plant-based noms are being served up from by the cool cats over in Kung Fu Hoagie's brightly colored dragon painted food truck! 
Whether it was at Veg Fest, Philly Greenfest or one of the Saturday's they're set up in Clark Park in University City, it's been solid each and every time I've had the pleasure. They are always without fail THE most popular truck at any event I've attended. It's worth the wait!
I've enjoyed both the BÁNH MÌ BÌ CHAY
(Homemade vegetarian pork made with tofu, yams and mung bean noodles) and the BÁNH MÌ XÍU MI (Homemade tofu meatballs with red sauce and crispy fried onions). Both so tasty and served on a crisp roll with fresh crunchy veggies and vegan mayo. Yum! Its a tough one, but I think I prefer the meatball sub. You have the choice between half or whole and the difference is just $3. I say go big and save the leftovers. You'll most likely have some as these bad boys are HUGE and packed!! They're super messy to eat, but you won't care and you'll surely dive right in! ((Currently salivating)).   
I also love their Seitan "chicken" skewers which pack a big punch and are just $2. Perfect snack for festival strolling. 
They sell vegan jerky too! Say what?!!
The staff are all so very nice and efficient so don't forget that tip jar! They work hard in there! They do also now accept cards via Square reader! 
If you've never had a meal from Kung Fu Hoagies, keep your eyes peeled for their hard to miss truck! Meat eaters LOVE their goods just as much as veg-heads!! 
This is one of my favorite food trucks in ALL of Philly and we have quite a few!I caught Kung Fu Hoagies randomly on 38th and Sansom my first day back in Philly. I had no idea they were located there, as I always thought they were based out of Clark Park, so that was a pleasant surprise! They're a big hit among my vegan friends, so I've always been looking forward to trying them, and I was pleased.
I ordered a Banh Mi with vegan ham. It took about 15 minutes to make my hoagie (they make everything fresh and in front of you!) which was a bit painful in the ~100 degree Philly summer weather, but it was worth it.
Vegan ham = AMAZING. I've never had it before and I have no idea how they make it, but ohmygosh, it was just incredible both in texture and taste. The rest of the hoagie itself was pretty good too. The flavors of all the different vegetables and spices complemented each other really well, and the sriracha I requested was a perfect touch. 
However, eating that thing was a MESS. The crunch noodles they put in get everywhere, and (I'm not sure if this is how the hoagies normally are but) the toppings were kind of just places on the roll, instead of -inside- the bun, so it was a painful eating experience. The roll was a bit soft too, so it couldn't really support all the topping. Still delicious though! 
If I ever catch Kung Fu Hoagies again, I look forward to trying some other delicious item on their menu!Cant say enough good things about Kung Fu Hoagies!!
I first encountered them just after the were setting up and immediately fell in love with the Tofu Banh Mi. Not only are all the vegetables so good, but the slightly toasted bread and toppings make it irresistible and the $4 price tag makes it even more appealing. Love the cilantro, vegan mayo, srirachi, veggies and the amazing, baked tofu. For a guy who likes big portions, a banh mi can fill me up nicely. All the food options are great and very reasonably priced as well as labeled for vegetarians and vegans.
In addition to the amazing food, the service couldnt be better. The two guys who run it  are the kindest, funniest and just easiest people to get along with. Talking with them is half the fun of going there. 
Bottom Line: Even if youre not vegetarian or vegan, it's worth checking out, you wont be disappointed.Soooo I went here today looking for some possible Gluten Free options and they had 1. BUT I'd just bought gluten free bread from the farmers market across the street so the owner made me a gluten free vegan "pork" Bahn Mi on my bread. Sooo nice of him! It was DELICIOUS! I went around the block and came back for seconds! Would def recommend and would def go back!They were Kung Fu cooking, hoagies fast as lightning... I order from these super nice guys every Saturday, and yes the food is that good. They have changed the way I feel about tofu. I have tried everything on the menu dozens of times and it is all excellent. The service is fast, friendly, and they are very clean. For them to get a review from me means they are something special because I only talk about the places I hate. 
Tomorrow is Saturday and I will be headed to Clark Park to get my hoagie fix.Kung Fu Hoagies are a staple at the Saturday Clark Park Farmers Market! They're so delicious, and the portions are so filling! 
All of the bánh mì hoagies are served on a baguette with traditional bánh mì ingredients (carrots, cucumbers, daikon, jalapeño, cilantro) and vegan mayonnaise.
I've tried the BÁNH MÌ XÍU MI (homemade tofu meatballs with red sauce) and the BÁNH MÌ THIT BÒ (vegetarian beef protein with homemade BBQ sauce). Both are great! 
I can't wait to go back and try the vegetarian pork hoagie, as well as the noodles and sides!These guys are thorough in their dedication to vegan vietnamese cuisine, traveling though Indochina on motorbikes to collect recipes and then making all their own stuff, including the veg "meat" balls and fermented black bean sauce. So much care goes into their craft. Kung Fu Hoagies is more than just a soup or a sandwich: it is a practice. 
Note: Saturdays they are in CLARK PARK, not 38th and Sansom!Vegan food cart.  Love it.  Especially when they run the vegan kabob special.I love this place and wish they came to University City more often! All there options are vegetarian-friendly. My favorite dish here is the Pho but I do like the Banh Mi too. Its also relatively cheap with each dish costing $4-$6 for a sizable amount! The owners are also very friendly and fun to talk to. 
From time to time, they'll change up the menu and its always great! Can't wait to go back here.I have been to Kung Fu Hoagies 2 times. Once was at the Veg Fest in South Philly and once was at the Punk Rock Flea Market. When I was at Veg Fest, the line was super long - like 30 mins just to order - it was a mess but the hoagie I had was so good I decided to try it again when I saw a short line at the Punk Rock Flea Market.
My boyfriend and I decided to split a long roll Bahn Mi (veggie BBQ beef) sandwich. It was $8. You can get a short roll for $5 (I think). We paid cash but they were accepting credit card for a $0.50 fee. It took about 20 minutes for our food to be ready after ordering. It was kind of a long wait considering this is a cart.
Once we got our food we decided to head home because there was no place to sit around the Flea Market. By the time we got home, the food was cold (I don't want to fault Kung Fu Hoagies for this). The bread was soft and tasty. The fake beefy was a little chewy but very flavorful. The spices and herbs on the sandwich are delicious, spicy, and fresh. I think they use cilantro so if you don't like that herb, be careful.There is plenty of sauce to keep the bread and toppings moist. The sauce also is a bit spicy so be careful before you add more sriracha. I could honestly eat this sandwich everyday and never get tired of it. 
Even if there is a line, definitely give Kung Fu Hoagies a try. They are so delicious and flavorful!I love these guys!  The Banh mi is so delicious.  The tofu is beautifully seasoned, the carrot and daikon salad is crunchy and savory along with the cilantro, spiced mayo and some hot peppers makes a party in my mouth.  I try to catch up with them to get a sandwich 2x a week. The price is so reasonable and the guys who run the cart are so very nice. Five stars!The #1, pork bahn mi, is one of the best sandwiches in the city. The noodle and pho dishes are excellent, and the wet noodle special is an extraordinary dish. All of their food is teeming with life and flavor. They're really nice guys as well. Fairly priced, delicious food.prepare your mouth to be dazzled.
i was super excited for kung fu hoagies, and they exceeded my expectations. i wanted to get one of everything, but my friend wasn't getting the hint. so we got the salad, tofu & ham hoagie and orange bbq beef hoagie.
the salad was crisp and fresh with an awesome dressing, and the tofu & ham hoagie was really great as well. but the real winner here is the orange bbq beef hoagie. the bread was chewy & crispy, the pickles a bit zingy, and the bbq beef was just amazeballs. i just want a giant vat of this stuff.These guys *MAKE* my Wednesdays when they come to Passyunk Avenue caddycorner from the Pope for lunchtime. They are ALWAYS so happy and friendly as well as knowledgeable about the food they are making. Everything is clean and right there in front of you, and the food is amazing. They are my favorite food truck in the city, infact, sometimes I'll see them out and if I'm not hungry, I still buy hoagies and noodles for my friends! I absolutely LOVE supporting this local business and these fellas in their quest for creating incredible veg food cart cuisine! Prices are amazingly low for the quality and quantity of food that they dish out, so tip them well! They deserve it! And try the noodles, yum!!!It was 15 min before closing time when I arrived at the stall, and sadly they were all out of hoagies, which I've been wanting to try for a while. However, they still had the spicy ramen and pho ($7 each), and I got one of each to split with a friend. I love that it's a vegetarian truck (with an all-vegan menu the day I went), since I feel like it's a void to be filled in the food truck scene, and the tiny cart they had was just delightfully colorful. 
The ramen and pho had very similar base ingredients and toppings, with additional spicy condiments for the ramen, and came in huge portions. The soup was flavorful, with a variety of assorted toppings added. The protein in the soup noodles came in the form of a thin-ish, spongey, tofu-based "chicken", which didn't feel or taste like meat but was pretty good. I think the only thing is that they used instant ramen noodles for the ramen, which really showed in the texture and taste of the noodles and which I'm not a huge fan of. I'm excited to come back again though and try the signature hoagies!I tried the "pork" Banh Mi at the Veg food fest in South Philly and I've been thinking about it ever since. I love Banh Mi and this was the best Banh Mi I've ever had.. by far! I got the added beans and pickles and the jerky..  is also the best vegan jerky that I've stumbled across. Do it!We had them cater our wedding; they made the hour-long trek out into nowhere and served up the most delicious food I can think of. They made it an amazing occasion. I want to get married again, just so that I could have them cater it!Thanks KFH for a pleasant surprise at Passyunk and Dickinson this afternoon.  Whether you know it or not you rolled into a pretty strong Banh mi scene and you killed it.  Rolls are a bit chewier than we're used to but your filling and sauce on the traditional vegan chicken and tofu is so fresh and satisfying.  My wife and I usually stroller our son once a week for Banh mi and banana fritters at 11th and Washington but we're cruising down the block to KFH from now on!I'm not a vegetarian but food was ok overall. The tofu meatball sandwhich was great. The vegetarian pho was good other than the faux beef which I found to be tasteless and had an unappetizing texture. The vegetarian chick'n kebabs were equally unappetizing if you are used to delicious meat although my husband who is vegetarian liked it.Great hoagies. Awesome workers and I love the tiny little truck. I do wish for 5$ my sandwich was bigger but it's cool, it was still super yummy. Apparently their selection changes ?? I had the Bahn mi which was not super authentic, but was however super tasty!  Look for them at Clark park on Saturday mornings!!I give these guys props. They know how to make a vegan banh mi.  Although the real thing tastes better, but for a vegan sammich, I ain't mad. 
I had the lemongrass tofu with extra cilantro, chilies, and sriracha. They had the pickled daikons and carrots and some sort of mayo (maybe vegan friendly). Overall for $5 it was good deal. 
Follow their twitter if you want to know what location they are at today :)Vegetarian friendly banh mi...FTW. I can't always get a banh mi at viet places that's veggie only, so when I heard about this cart I immediately dragged the bf and got my fix!! It was def worth the trek from sj plus got to check out the old stomping ground of west philly. We got the tofu and mixed banh mi. It was heaven. Both filling and flavorful (party in my mouth). Iced lychee lime tea was refreshing too! I could've probably eaten both sandwiches! I will def be back and you should check it out too, don't wait! Act now!! Hope they expand and have more choices in the future (they usually have a couple specials for the day, other than banh mi or noodles). Keep it up fellas, kudos on making an awesome sandwich vegetarian friendly! check them out on twitter for times. we went on a saturday around noon.Pure vegan banh mi bliss. The proteins are well-seasoned, the vegetables are very fresh and generously applied, and the fresh cilantro ties everything together beautifully.Such good food. I've eaten from Kung Fu several times and when my kid's soccer game was canceled on Saturday because of the rain...she said, "MOM. Pleeease?" (Parked right outside of Clark Park) She got the meatball and I got the pork. Short roll is a steal at $5.00 each. We smacked our lips and finished every morsel of our sandwich. Delicous. Good bread, such great flavor and wonderful service. They've got something good. And if you go, you'll have something good too. P.S. You don't have to be a vegetarian to love this. We eat meat. But I would choose this again and again. Just go.I have nothing to say that hasn't been said before, but after my first KFH experience today, I'll do whatever I can to support these guys.
I got the vegetarian pork banh mi (although I think it was actually vegan since they had a sign up that it was an all-vegan menu for the day) at the Punk Rock Flea Market this afternoon, and it was delicious and filling and cheap, cheap, cheap. I got the shortie (5") and splurged another .50 on added spicy pickles, for a massive total of $5.50. I plan to do the same tomorrow at day 2 of the PRFM, although I'll be even more heavy-handed with the Sriracha than I was today. I'm not even a vegetarian, fwiw.
They were mobbed, so it was a wait for my food - probably a good 25 minutes, but once I tasted my sandwich I really didn't care. Also, they were so calm and kind to their customers and to each other that the wait was even less of an issue. And man, they were perpetual motion machines - at all times, there were at least 10 orders in the queue.
tl:dr Any time I see this cart and I am remotely hungry, I'm buying their food.Amazing meatball banh mi! Need I say more? Walked past their Clark Park location a few weeks ago with some friends and we ordered one to share as we were on our way to another restaurant for lunch. Their tofu meatballs were amazingly flavorful and the red sauce, carrot, daikon pickles, cucumber, cilantro, jalapeno and vegan mayo complimented each other very well. It was indeed a bit messy to eat, especially if you're sharing as sauce ends up dripping everywhere but I'd definitely go back again!
Edit: Got the same banh mi again once and there was WHITE hair in my banh mi which was obviously not mine..... Oh well guess these things do happen but it just grosses me out when it actually happens to me urgh! That's the reason I'm pushing down the stars to 3 stars instead of the original 5 stars I gave itMade two visits to KFH and really enjoyed both.  I love the concept of a vegan bahn mi cart, and the food did not disappoint.  I really like the mixed bahn mi which has tofu, vegan ham, and some nice crunchy noodles in there for texture.  Also tried the curry rice special and the jicama salad which were both really tasty.  The jicama salad is especially nice for a snack on a hot day!  The only things I would change is that I wish the rolls could be slightly toasted, and that the sandwiches could be a little bigger.  Other than that this is a really cool cart and one I see myself making a lot of visits to in the future.Excellent customer service and delicious food!  Had Kung Fu as a vendor at our wedding and they were amazing all around!Saw these guys on way through University City and given the reviews so far I had to stop by.
I got the Traditional Banh Mi with vegan beef and to put things simply, these guys blow every other food cart I've tried out of the water. The hoagie is kind of small, but it's got a lot of flavor. Suffice to say it's totally worth the $4.
The Pho is a good option if you don't like bread. Not quite sure I remember everything that was in it, but I'd buy again.These guys are not just in it to make money.  They are in it to make something special.  You can tell by the attention and care they put in to each hoagie and noodle entree.  I'm not vegetarian, but I love their food.  It is healthy and flavorful.  I just had the vegetarian chicken ramen.  Love the touch with the wood ear mushrooms!Beautifully decorated truck, kickass vegan food, and two very friendly and dedicated owners... what's not to love? I often see them parked across from B2 in South Philly on the weekend, and it's truly a perfect spot. You can watch passerby on this lively corner and maybe even run into a friend or two while you wait for your food.
At 8$ for a large bahn mi, it's a bit more expensive a lot of the Vietnamese bakeries in South Philly, but Kung Fu Hoagies wins me over with its large selection of vegan Vietnamese favorites. The veggie ramen and spicy pho are both awesome, although I prefer the hoagies because I find them more filling/better suited to my bottomless pit of a stomach. My favorite item is the #2, the tofu meatball hoagie. The line that accumulates around lunchtime should be advertisement enough! Would recommend to both vegans and carnivores alike.Me and my husband are moving to south Philly and we are so lucky to run into Kung Fu Hogies food truck which is just across the street from us. Since my husband is vegetarian, we always are actively searching and trying new vegie food. The people from Kung Fu Hoagies are sweet and friendly...this time we tried their pork bahm mi..they gave really good portion. The prok is made of tou fu and it feels very chewy and flavorful. We definitely will go back and try other options on the menu.Love these guys!
I got lunch from this cart on a rainy, dreary day.  Because of the weather, I ordered the Spicy Ramen soup.  It. Was. Amazing.  It was slightly spicy and entirely delicious, exactly what I needed on such a gross, rainy day.  My friends got a variety of their hoagies and everyone thought they were tasty (not to mention huge - love the portion sizes!).  I will definitely be hitting them up again.Vegetarian Vietnamese food truck dishing out delectable and enormous sandwiches.
- THE FOOD: They have a small but powerful menu with bahn mi (Vietnamese sandwiches), pho (Vietnamese noodle soup) and smaller sides. The sandwiches come in short and long, and let me warn you that long equals enormous - so a good deal for $8. I had the special lemongrass bahn mi, which was filled with tempeh, pickled vegetables, lemongrass mayo, fresh cilantro, and just the right amount of jalapeño - delicious!
- FOR THE VEGGIES: Everything! These guys take your traditional bahn mi and pho ingredients and swap them for tempeh, a great source of vegan protein.
- SERVICE: The service was quick and friendly, and it only took them about 7 minutes to make my order from scratch while also serving a line of other customers.Came here after I went through the Farmer's Market and it was a lot better than I was expecting. Maybe because when I heard $4 hoagie, I immediately thought it must be super tiny. It actually was decent sized. Little to no line, and took only ~5 minutes beginning to end. The two guys also seem extremely nice and genuine. 
My only regret would be that I ordered the Banh Mi Hoagie spicy, but the srirachi sauce kind of killed the sandwich (and that's from someone who LOVES it normally). The parts not covered by srirachi were absolutely delicious and so much better than the not-bad sauce, however.My boyfriend and I had this when at the Geekfest near his house. At first, I knew that it looked super familiar, from seeing it online. I ordered the BÁNH MÌ THIT BÒ and my boyfriend got the VEGGIE PH. Let me just say that was the BEST banh mi sandwich I have ever had! Also, the pho was super delicious as well. 
The prices are super reasonable, and the food is to die for. I couldn't ask for anything betterI had read the review in City Paper and wanted to try Kung-Fu Hoagies.  You can't miss the dragon painted cart and red umbrella. We passed through Clark Park en route to the grocery store and decided to stop for lunch.  Vegetarian Food Cart is very tasty, satisfying and a great deal! I tried the Vietnamese Banh Mi Hoagie which is marinated tofu, carrot, daikon pickles, cucumber, fresh cilantro, jalapeno and vegan mayonnaise for $4.00 and my friend tried the Sesame Peanut "Chicken" which is Vegan Chicken and peanut sauce over think rice noodles with red pepper, celery and cilantro for $5. Both of us were quite happy to be walking to the store because it was filling and very good. We both plan to be back soon.....
Weekends in Clark Park, During week by one of the campuses....Another nice addition to the University City/West Philly food truck scene!The guys at the truck are really friendly, and the sandwiches are incredible. I got the tofu meatballs and was blown away by how flavorful they were. The bread (sometimes an overlooked but always an incredibly important component of any sandwich) is good, the pickled vegetables are perfect, and the sauce is so tasty. For $8, it's a really filling and delicious meal.What a unique combo: vegan + Vietnamese + hoagie. So many different flavors, the meal was a delight. Definitely get the short roll- it's got plenty of food in it. I got the vegan pork roll and a BBQ skewer. Loved the BBQ sauce! Super cheap too and located in Clark Park.PROS: Tasty, cheap, medium portions, good for vegetarians 
CONS: Limited menu offerings
A flavorful, pickle-filled vegetarian meatball-and-ham banh mi with a spicy kick... all for $5? Count me in! Portions aren't huge as the sandwich left me at about 70% full, but that's not a bad thing.I experienced Kung Fu Hoagies for the first time this weekend outside the Punk Rock Flea and can't stop thinking about how good it was.  I can always count on Philly for having yummy veg friendly food (I was visiting from Rhode Island), but the Kung Fu cart was an unexpected and delicious treat.  I ordered the pork bahn mi and it hit the spot...the fresh toasted bread, pickled veggies and vegan spiced mayonnaise, all so good.  Besides tasting great, it was also well priced at just five dollars and the guys running it were super nice.  I didn't get to try the noodle bowl, but the looks of it made me wish I had a total fat kid day and ordered one of those too.  If this cart was in my neighborhood I'd be at it all the time, probably trying every menu item at some point.  If you live in Philly or are just visiting like me, I highly recommend!I always a huge fan of Kung Fu, especially for a non vegan carnivore. The hoagies are tasty, the bread is good and the soup is filling. The guys are always super nice. I wish it was a little cheaper, but that's my only complaint. I miss the end of the day 5 dollar deal.When I first caught eye of Kung Fu Hoagies elaborately colored dragon cart my interest was beyond piqued. But I waited for the perfect time to savor a bite from their all vegetarian menu, and after I picked up one of their vegetarian pork banh mi sandwiches I was whisked away to divine providence.
For a tiny food cart Kung Fu delivers a swift karate kick of options. from veggie pork banh mi, to ramen with tofu meatballs, and more. and they even have it nailed down to sides like dried fruits or vegetarian beef jerky. Next to the fabled tofu hoagie from Fu-Wah their veggie pork was the best vegetarian sandwich that I ever savored. their banh mi ingredients are nailed to to the vibrant and traditional, and they definitely manage to cater to your preferred level of spiciness.
Another plus is how well they travel between different areas of Philly. So whether you catch their Dragon cart across from B2 on Passyunk, find them in Clark Park during a West Philly farmers market, or other you best take note.