Being a true born HKnese, you know instantly when you found your childhood favorite snack; The fish balls itself aren't rubbery at all and the wings are heavenly. They do a perfect balance on the chicken katsu. I can't wait for more already... 
Staffs are super friendly and let you have small sample before making your decision. The place is clean and neat. Try to put a coin in the box on the counter and let it surprise you with a smile!
For future note; it'd be nice if you can pick your spiciness and challenge your taste buds!!I don't really eat curry like that. But this place is the best curry place i ever tried in chinatown. Everything fresh, tasty, and delicious. I would recommend to bring your friends here and give it a try.First off, I am not a curry fan AT ALL. But after trying Kurry Korner, I've changed my mind. I want to say this is the best curry in the area. Hands down!!  I ordered the pork katsu curry and curry fish balls. Both were absolutely delicious!
The staff were pretty attentive and polite throughout our entire meal. Looks like I will be returning to have more curry soon.Visited this curry food stand during the soft opening of the Chinatown square.  We had the fish balls and chicken wings.  The curry sauce for the fish balls was very flavorful but not too spicy.  The fish balls retains its chewiness even though they were nicely soaked in the sauce.  Very authentic to the ones you find in Hong Kong.  The wings were nice and crispy and the curry sauce truely made them special.  This is a different sauce than the one for the fish balls, which is more like Thai style curry.  Overall happy with the quality and variety this new restaurant has to offer!I went during the soft opening and I tried most of the things on the menu. It was soo good. The southeast curry was my favorite because it was so flavorful and the katsu was so crispy and fresh. It reminded me of the katsu that I ate in Japan this past summer. When I talked to the owner, she said that the curry was her aunts secret recipe too. 
My parents are also from Hong Kong, which is known for their curry fishball. I haven't found any good places, but kurry korners was EXACTLY THE SAME. I'll defs come back here with my friends!Highly recommended! True Hong Kongnese curry fish balls. Curry pork over rice has the right amount of sauce and perfect flavor. Will come back for more!Came here on a Friday afternoon hoping to eat something full during my break from work.
I have came here before and tried other stuff but this time I got the Pork which I believe is "A2" on the menu, I could be mistaken. I also ordered a mango smoothie which is new to the menu which consisted of coconut milk, whole milk, and fresh mangos. 
How do I know it is fresh? Well because they have mangos displayed near cash register and you can see stacks of fresh mangos stacked up in the kitchen. The store is a view that you can see everything that is happening which is good for those of you who like to watch.
The cash register lady told me the wait was going to be 6minutes, the wait was fine because I was in no kind of rush. Drink came out first and it was DELICIOUS. The mango smoothie is a must try while you wait for the food to come out!!
I got my meal and left to go to my friend's house to eat. The pork was cooked just right and the curry with carrots was a nice touch. What stood out to me was the red relish. I suggest everyone eat the red relish instead of putting it to the side because on top of all the flavors, the red relish adds a great kick.
Overall, this place is delicious and has great service.
I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone!A tasty and convenient choice for workday lunch. I've been looking for a good Curry Katsu place in Chinatown for so long and I finally found one! The curry is Japanese style, sweet and creamy, and the pork katsu was pretty well cooked, though I'd prefer a even more crispy crust. Cannot wait to try their curry fish all and smoothie next time.Amazing fish curry balls. Highly recommend you get this. The texture is softer than I expected and there isn't a hard crust. The sauce is perfect. I gulped it down afterwards. The staff is very nice and efficient. Just note that there is a $10 card minimum.Not too bad. I ordered a pork katsu Japanese curry and Curry puffs. The Japanese curry had good flavor with potatoes and carrots in it. Also included were some chopped cabbage and pickled something. All that was pretty good. You get a healthy serving of rice, which is a bit on the dry side, but i guess you can soak it in curry so it's not that bad. The pork was a bit over cooked and dry, but the breading and crispiness was on point though.
I wasn't a fan of the curry puffs. They are just triangle shaped pastry puff with onion and mashed potatoes that are dipped in a se Asian curry. Price is good for 5 though.This place was pretty good. Standard curry over rice with your choice of protein. Was disappointed that they had curry puffs on the menu but was told they no longer serve them.Finally a Japanese curry place in Philly! It's part of the new Chinatown Square food court, which I think will be one of the newest popular places to grab a bite in Chinatown.
The Japanese curry chicken katsu is on point. Unlike usual katsu in Philly, which is usually too American chicken nugget-like, the breading is crisp and thin. The curry tastes great and is served with potatoes and carrots, like I know many of us Asian Americans are used to eating at home :) I only wish it would come with more curry sauce.Ordered Japanese curry shrimp tempura and we loved it! Only wish the amount of shrimps were more, because they're so good.. We ordered additional shrimps and rice, so we were fine. The curry sauce that came with the dish was also delicious. Will order from them again!Y'all guys must come and try this place curry!! They got the best curry I have tasted from all over the places. I have been ordering A1 the southeast curry. It is so good that make me wanna order another one taking home for my family to taste it. It is just so delicious that I want even more. Also, their curry fish balls is the bomb.com must try!!I read a lot of reviews before I decided to eat here and a couple reviews mentioned the curry was kinda bland and I couldn't agree more. I ordered A3 which was the Japanese curry katsu chicken, the portion size was pretty decent priced for $8.50. I ordered togo and by the time I got to eat it, it was still hot and the chicken was still crispy which was a plus. When I got to the curry it was just meh... I didn't really know how to feel about it lol, like it wasn't like omg ITS SO GOOD, it was just meh. I did finished the whole thing tho and I was pretty full but eh..This is my favorite place inside Chinatown square. I come here again and again for the chicken and pork katsu. It doesn't break the bank and the portion, quality, and taste can't be beat. It's even better than paying $17+ for the same dish at another restaurant. Some places don't even make it as well. The girl at the counter is also very nice and even brings my order to me when it's ready. Wish I could give this place more than 5 stars!Curry is delicious! It's spicy and flavorful. I haven't try the Katsu curries yet but hopefully in the future. 
I also tried their mango drink. It's pretty good. Like a mild version of a mango milk shake. Slightly too sweet for me but it's a personal preference. 
I couldn't resist taking a bite first before taking a pic!Delicious curry chicken katsu south east asian style. There was a food truck off my college campus that used to make something very like this only on wednesdays. Got me through many hump days. Add a side of the curry puffs and you could sail through any day.The price isn't bad at all! Love their Japanese curry. It's very flavorful and big portion. The employees we're accommodating when I order the chicken wings to give me the Japanese curry instead since I can't eat spicy! I also got the mango sago drink! And the only thing I didn't like was it wasn't as cold as expected on a hot summer day but it was very fresh made with some sweet in season mangoesUHHHHHZING! This place is a must try! Their curry is seasoned perfectly! The vegetables are so fresh ! I can't get enough!The first time I went to this place,  I tried the A1, it is very flavorful and delicious. I love their curry fish balls too and my best love is the mango drink!!! It's very smoothy and creamy. This time I am coming back for the Japanese Curry Chicken Katsu, the meat is very crispy and not dry inside. I am really satisfied with itReasonable prices for Japanese curry that really hits the spot. Food is fresh, flavorful, and just as good as I'd hoped. There doesn't seem to be a ton of places to find your mix of curry, tempura, katsu, etc. and this place is conveniently located in the recently opened Chinatown food court. Will definitely be back to try their specialty drinks and other curries.Got the Asian curry chicken, pork katsu, chicken popcorn! Curry is really good, spicy but not too spicy. Just enough rice, meat, and curry portion.I got the chicken curry katsu for lunch last week. They offer two kind of curry now - spicy curry or Japanese curry. The portion for the chicken and rice was a good amount, but the curry wasn't enough. I didn't have enough curry for my chicken and rice.
Will come back and definitely recommend since the food is very good. Just hoping next time I'll have enough curry..Love the spicy kurry here, and the shrimp tempura are amazing!! Or if you want something filling, get the curry platter.I was traveling on a business trip and was hungry so decided to look around the area close to the Sheraton Downtown where I was staying. A few of my team members and I decided to check out the Chinatown in Philly. When we got there we noticed this food market complex that was opened for exactly a week. There were a few different types of food to choose from, but we stumbled across Kurry Korner. We ordered a bunch of different food from the other vendors, however, everyone liked the food at Kurry Korner so we went back almost ordered one of each item on the menu!  They even had a curry puff (which was not on the menu yet) which was delicious. We devoured it so fast that I forgot to take a picture of it. The chicken was so tender and the flavors blended so nicely. The food was delicious!  I was even obsessed with the rice and they had this pickle garnish that was also very good. I hope they expand and open up in New York!The food was good but I think overpriced given the food court atmosphere. I had the Southeast Asian curry and chose chicken as my protein. The menu says "mild to medium spicy, rich flavor", but when I asked for mild, I was told that it can only be adjusted from medium to spicy. That confused me, but I can deal with some spice, so it was fine, just not what I wanted. My bf and I both ordered the fried egg on top. Our server forgot them, so had to bring them over. Fortunately, the food was really hot and was still hot in the 5 or so minutes it took to get the eggs.I loveee this place! I used to get the chicken katsu curry almost every week. The chicken is super tender, and the curry is flavorful with lots of veggies. Portions are huge as well.
I also got the mango tapioca drink a few times. It tasted kind of weird at first but then started to grow on me. The tapioca is definitely an interesting and smart addition.
The one item that I did not like was the curry chicken. They were too crispy and did not have enough chicken.
Overall, I recommend any of the curry katsus and the mango tapioca drink!Very friendly staff, and the food took less than 10 minutes to be prepared. Food very warm & tasty, got the $1 mango Monday smoothie special! Pretty good restaurant for a quick bite. Will return :)I am obsessed with the potato/carrot gravy they put on their chicken katsu! I could eat it every day if obesity wasn't an issue, haha.
The staff are super nice. I usually order via phone for pick up since there isn't a lot of space to wait.Kurry Korner is all about the taste and flavor of the curry. 
Staff - The staff are friendly, and they greet you appropriately as you walk up to their window. 
Food - Take out style. They pack their food into containers and they have proper plating styles so that it's not messy and all over the place. 
I highly recommend the Japanese curry with chicken katsu, it's my favorite item on heir menu. Also, their fish ball appetizer is absolutely delicious, and it's a burst of flavor in your mouth.Got the curry fries and the popcorn chicken. Curry sauce is solid. Price is decent and fast service.I was here with my friend when we ordered a Chicken Katsu with SE Asia curry and a Pork Katsu with Japanese curry. The server suggested us to get fried egg as a side, so we added two sides of fried egg. Unfortunately, when we got back to my friend's house, we opened our bags to see that the side of fried eggs was missing. Otherwise, the meal was pretty delicious. The curry was consistent and flavorful throughout. My friend said the curry was on point. The proteins were crispy and cooked well, but it wasn't anything too amazing. Overall, I think we had a good experience with the food even though we spent a few extra dollars for the missing fried eggs.EHH. Super let down. I could get better Japanese curry from an insta-pack from any Asian grocery store for like half the price, and double the curry serving. It tasted watered down and the meat didn't taste fresh. 2 stars because it has SO MUCH potential!Best chicken katsu curry I've had yet in the Philadelphia Chinatown area.  This place is located in the plaza behind the Halal Guys and ICE NY. Come by on Mondays for their $1 mango smoothie special! They mentioned that the mango smoothie is seasonal so it may not last much longer for the coming fall season.  You can either have the food to go or have it brought to you at the seating in the back of the plaza. $10 credit card minimum. Enjoy!One of the better chicken katsu curry dishes I've had in the Philadelphia Chinatown area, coming close to the curry dishes made at Terwakawa Ramen 2 blocks down.  Come by on Mondays for their $1 mango smoothie special! They mentioned that the mango smoothie is seasonal so it may not last much longer for the coming fall season.  You can either have the food to go or have it brought to you at the seating in the back of the plaza. $10 credit card minimum. Enjoy!Not the best Japanese curry in Philly chinatown. We got the Japanese curry - pork katsu & the mango smoothie. I personally think Terakawa's is a lot more flavorable and filling.
Pros:
- Potato was very soft and soaked up the curry well
- The cook on the pork katsu was perfect: crispy coating with white meat straight through
Cons:
- Curry is too watery
- Pork katsu could use seasoning, so it isn't overly dependent on the curry's flavors
- Carrot was still hard
- Mango smoothie was bland & the tapioca below became frozen hard
Random question: Am I supposed to tip at the counter? Usually tip goes to waitresses who make below minimum wage, so I hope I didn't offend anyone by not tipping at a food court.Located inside the new Chinatown Square food court, this is a vendor catering to serving Japanese style curry. I ordered the pork katsu curry, coming out to $8.50 a pop.  When the food came out, I had my hesitations as it came out in a plastic to go container despite ordering it to eat there. The taste, however, was quite spot on. The curry consistency, admittedly was a little more watery than I remembered it to be when I was in Japan, but I really couldn't complain. The pork katsu was well done, a nice crispy breading with juicy meat inside.  For that price, it definitely hits the spot. If you're walking undecidedly through the different stands in the food court, this place is worth a try.Good Japanese curry is hard to find in Philly (sad!). My go-to place is Terakawa Ramen but it's quite pricey. This place is a perfect spot for yummy and affordable curry fix.
I got Japanese curry with pork katsu. The curry is smooth, slightly sweet (they said it could be made spicier if requested), and it reminds me of curry I got in Thailand and Japan. The star here though is actually the pork katsu! They gave you quite of a lot of meat given the price and I'm impressed that these thinly-breaded-than-normal pork still taste really good and crunchy. It came with a few potato and carrot cubes and a bit of Japanese slaws.
The price is good and even they're located in the food court, they serve you at your table! The guy at the counter is quite friendly as well. I'd put this place as #2 Japanese curry right behind Terakawa Ramen. Oh, they also serve "Southeast Asian" curry but me being Thai didn't trust them yet.Excellent food. Ordered for takeout and was surprised at how much katsu there was. Curry is delicious and authentic (I've had Japanese-style curries before in Asia) and very filling. Highly recommended! The only improvement may be if they sold kimchi to go along (kimchi and curry is a great combination!)If you know what bad curry tastes like, then you need to come here for the opposite. Their curry is AMAZING.
I ordered the Southeast Asian curry with fried fish filet and Japanese curry with pork katsu and sunny side up egg. It came out hot and fresh. The pork katsu and fish filet were a light crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Simple, flavorful, and comforting.
I recommend coming back.I like this place.  I only ordered a Vietnamese coffee today, but they brewed it fresh.  It was authentic and one of the best Vietnamese coffee I've ever had.  They served it with lots of smiles!  I will be back to eat the food!Chicken curry , curry fries and mango smoothie are my favorite. The curry taste like home and when the mangoes are in season makes a great smoothie. Give a try you won't be disappointed.The chicken nuggets were bad. Ill post a picture of whats inside. The curry fries were ok.I ordered the pork katsu curry. It was the worst Japanese curry I've ever had. Seeing them pull the frozen pork patty out of the freezer and drop it in a deep fryer made me realize how fresh this food would be. Not fresh at all. The flavor of the curry was very watered down and had no spice. The instant curry packs you buy at hmart are better. Seriously. 
I paid my $9.50, took two bites and threw it away.I was VERY disappointed with the way they handled their business as a vendor at the Chinatown night market. I understand that it was an event with a large amount of people, but the business should still handle their customers professionally. Their workers lacked customer service and there wasn't organization in their line to order. I waited in line for AN HOUR! just to try their tornado chips. The employee tried serving us a stick that had a huge 3-inch gap, while all the other sticks were filled from top to bottom. We kindly asked if we could get a different one and they refused with attitude!! We tried to rationalize with them and they still refused! What a way to treat your customers who waited in line for SO long just to get that one item! They clearly cared about quantity over quality !
After that experience, I will NEVER want to set foot in their restaurant to try their other items. And for the record, I was able to taste one of the chips from a friend after that unwanted experience and it was NOT worth the $5 or the wait.The curry fish balls were really good, next time I shall try their katsu! The staff and owner are very friendly!There aren't too many places in philly that specialize in Japanese curry. The Japanese curry here is the perfect thickness and laden with potatoes and carrots. The katsu is always crispy and crunchy just waiting to be dipped into curry. 
The southeast Asian curry is okay but after trying it two times I prefer to just stick to the Japanese curry. 
The garlic wings are pretty flavorless which is surprising considering how much seasoning is on the wings. 
The curry fish balls are okay, not a knockout combo. Curry on French fries is surprisingly good and the portion for the French fries is massive. You will definitely want to bring a friend to split those with if you are ordering them as an appetizer. 
This is one of my favorite places to order takeout! Quick, cheap, tasty!Consistent quality with friendly service. Never had a bad experience here. They really care about doing chicken katsu justice, and it shows in the food.Since the first time I came here it was so good, so I came back for another round!
This time I wanted to try something new so I tried their special which was the Pork Mushroom and Sunny side up egg with rice(not sure if it was just for the week or permanently on the menu but everyone should go and get it). I also got the same drink as last time which was the Mango smoothie but did not get coconut milk in it this time.
I came to order the special and the cashier said they just ran out of mushroom from their last order(understood why after I ate it, everyone bought it because it's so delicious!). So the cashier said if I wanted it, I would have to wait 10minutes so they could go out and buy more mushrooms. TALK ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE... this place definitely gets an A+ for customer service and a few places I have reviewed that lacked customer service should learn from Kurry Korner.
I was in no rush so I waited and after that, my meal was out within 6minutes.
The pork was cooked just right; not being too hard or too soft. There was also onions in it(if you do not like onions, pretty sure they will not put it in if you request not to). There was also red relish on the side which has been my favorite since the last meal. It adds all the flavors together when you eat it!
The Mango smoothie still taste great even though I did not get coconut milk but it all depends on the person if they like coconut milk or not... but I am going to stick to no coconut milk and come back for this drink occasionally!!
Also felt great to get my order placed during my time because after I passed the place again to throw my trash away, the place was packed with multiple customers... I had to squeeze myself through the crowd.
Highly recommend this place to people in the area, family and or tourist!Just found a staple in my chicken katsu... also seems like I get less and less food every time I order.Curry is probably my favorite dish in the world, and this place makes it damn good. Sauce? Perfect. The Japanese curry is sweet and flavorful. Chicken? Well cooked. Good cuts, and crispy breading with complementary flavors. Vegetables? Soft without being mush. The rice was also perfectly cooked.
The popcorn chicken was a decent amount for the price, but wasn't really necessary. Will probably try the fish next time, along with an Asian curry.
One thing worth noting is they don't make curry puffs anymore, which is disappointing. But honestly? Probably the best, quickest, and cheapest curry in the area.I was stationed in Japan for almost four years and grew to really like Japanese curry.  It's really different from regular because the texture and simplicity of it.  I got a craving and started looking around and found this place.  It's ticked away in China town but parking is not too bad.  I had to walk passed it s controller times to realized it was in a little food court.   They are super friendly here and there are other little restaurants and bars I want to try when I go back.   The curry itself was great my only complaint is that they use what we called in Japan, "grey chicken"  it's actual chicken, not what Americans think chicken is.   I will definitely be back.Extremely overlooked japanese curry place. It's located in a food court type place, but this restaurant probably has better curry and chicken/pork katsu than any other 'nice' restaurant in Philly.
You go up to the counter and order from the menu, and then the food takes 5 or so minutes to come out. I saw some workers bus the food out to people sitting in the cafeteria area which showed me that even though they are a food court they have some type of "service" which is really above and beyond what is needed.
The portions are really big for a meal for $8.5, especially the chicken katsu. The breading is super light, crispy and crunchy. And the chicken is super tender and juicy which is hard to do, being fried so nicely. 
The curry itself is great and had really good consistency. I didn't notice any clumpy or fatty lumps and it was very smooth and had a perfect flavor.  The veggies were also not totally overwhelmed by the curry. You could taste the potato skins and carrot texture and taste very well. There was a great balance between overcooked/mushy and undercooked. The short grain rice was also very high quality for a food court place. Red pickled ginger was a nice touch too.
Overall try this place in chinatown! I will come back.SouthEast Asian curry with chicken Katsu 10/10. Cooked right in front of you. Fresh and deliciousDelicious food with super friendly service! I always get the Japanese curry with fish and a mango smoothie, and they always get it right. The owners are so sweet and really care about preparing quality meals for their customers. Highly recommend if you're in the mood for something warm and comforting!Good causal place for curry located in the Chinatown food court. We got the Japanese curry with chicken katsu and the southeast Asian curry with chicken and extra veggies. For about $10 each, it's definitely a lot of food and we took home some leftovers. The chef cautioned me about the spiciness of the southeast Asian curry but I found it very mild though still tasty. Chicken was tender and cooked well in both the katsu and stir fry versions. My friend who grew up eating a lot of Japanese curry in Hong Kong approved so if you're looking for authentic Japanese curry check this place out!
Will add that the inside of this food court felt stuffy and poorly ventilated despite air conditioning so might be better to take the food to go on these sweltering summer days.Really good prices for the portion of food, in my opinion. I got the Southeast Asian Curry chicken along with popcorn chicken and spicy sauce which you can choose either sweet or spicy sauce to accompany your popcorn chicken. My total came up to around $12.42 including tax. 
The popcorn chicken had a hard crispy exterior that hurt my molars as I chewed, but the taste overall, was flavorful along with the spicy sauce. I could taste the spices within the curry chicken, however it was not spicy at all, so I improvised and poured the leftover spicy sauce from the popcorn chicken onto my curry bowl. WAY MUCH BETTER if you enjoy spice and flavor at the same time! 
The curry chicken taste just as good when you microwave it a day later! Just in case, you have leftovers!Me and a couple of my friends decided to give this place a shot when our favorite place was closed for the day. There's not a lot of places where you can buy japanese curry so it's good that there's a whole place dedicated to just that! Kurry Korner is located in chinatown square, so it's convenient when you want to grab a quick bite to eat (sadly because of COVID there's no indoor seating, but hopefully soon)
I ordered the pork katsu curry and I was pretty satisfied with what came out. The flavor of the curry was packing with all those seasonings, and there were bits of potato in there which was a plus! The pork katsu itself wasn't anything mindblowing, it was a decent size for me but I could see how the serving could be small for those with bigger appetites. [6/10 for me]I had the #1 and it wasn't a "wow" for me. I had high expectations from this place, but it was quite disappointing. I must say I make better chicken curry than this place. The curry was bland and priced for $8.5 
I might come back to try to chicken katsu, because i love chicken katsu, but considering this place is called "Kurry" korner, I had high expectations for their curry dishes, it was a huge disappointmentSo I caved one day and bought take out. 
I somehow always crave asian food, so curry it was and this was one of the few places that delivered. 
For the total price I don't know that I normally would have gone in to eat it, but overall I would say it's pretty good. The curry is mellow and comforting. The katsu is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Perfect for dipping in the curry sauce. They give you a decent portion of meat and rice. There's also a bit of salad with dressing as well as pickles. 
It doesn't look big but I was pleasantly full after demolishing it. 
I'll definitely try out the actual restaurant some time, but take out was also great!I've been Kurry Korner quite a few times and have tried many of their dishes. They're all pretty tasty and flavorful. I always get the mango tapioca smoothie to go with whatever I order. 
***** The Garlic Chicken wings are amazing. Probably one of the better wings I have ever had. No sauce but a lot of flavor. There are tiny bits of deep fried garlic which just pops while biting into the wing.The shrimp tempura Curry is to DIE FOR. This is real Japanese curry right here, maybe pricey but it's so good! Do yourself a major favor and visit Kurry Korner in Chinatown Philly, it was worth me coming miles away to come here. I've been here twice and will be back again this yearI'm a big fan of Japanese curry so I was excited to find an option in Chinatown. 
Japanese curry is an easy dish to make good but a difficult dish to make excellent. Unfortunately the curry here wasn't even good.
The curry is very watery and lacking much of the salt and spice that makes Japanese curry so enjoyable. It has large components of vegetables which are tough and ruin the consistency of the meal. The rice is also bland.
The chicken katsu was undercooked and flavorless.
Wouldn't come back. The search for Japanese curry in Philadelphia continues.This is probably one of my favorite place in Philadelphia to get Japanese chicken curry!!! The garlic fried chicken wings are honestly the best wings I have ever had! The food is amazing and the service is fast!Had the chicken Katsu curry. Very tasty. Panko crusted white meat chicken. Fried crispy. Served with excellent rice and curry sauce with potatoes and veggies. Had two extra fried shrimp for $2 more. The whole thing was under $10. Lots of food, think about sharing. Very nice girl behind the counter. Food was hot and fresh .If you eat anything from Chinatown Square, it has to be the curry puffs from here. Order 4 and then order 4 more to go because you'll be craving them shortly again.Kurry Korner is my new favorite go to for take out! I love Japanese katsu curry and routinely order it whenever I see it offered on the menu, so I pride myself on knowing a good curry. This is the place to go in Philly. 
The portion sizes are substantial and such a good bang for your buck. The curry is so smooth and flavorful, with generous bites of potatoes and carrots. The katsu itself is perfectly crispy and well seasoned. The Southeast Asian curry is also super tasty and spicy for those who appreciate an extra kick. The sides are also worth noting-- I've tried the curry fish balls, curry puffs, and curry fries. I was pleasantly surprised by how massive the portion of fries was. 
I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick fix for some comforting Japanese curry!Kurry Korner is a small fast-casual style restaurant located on the first floor near the back of Chinatown Square. I found it super helpful that they have a plastic food model display of their menu, similar to the ones you can find in front of many restaurants in Japan.
I love Japanese curry and was excited to try their curry flavored dishes. We waited for our food in the back area and the server kindly brought our food to us for dine in. The people working there were very friendly and sweet.
The food looked similar to the displays, except that they package everything in to-go containers instead of plates even for dine in. 
We ordered Japanese curry with pork katsu, curry fish balls, chicken popcorn, curry fries, and a mango tapioca smoothie.
I thought the Japanese curry sauce was too watery/diluted (somewhat soupy), and lacking in depth/umami. The rice was cooked well though, which I liked. The pork katsu was just ok... good katsu is lightly crunchy outside and juicy inside, but the pork was a little dry. The side dishes were all great. 
I was really enjoying my mango smoothie for dessert -- it had a perfect sweetness and the frozen mango bits and tapioca were oh so refreshing. Then, I felt something sharp stab the inside of my mouth... there was a very sharp piece of tough plastic mixed in my smoothie, hence the 2 stars. :-(It was my second trip to Chinatown Square and I had heard good things about Kurry Korner. The menu intrigued me from top to bottom - I couldn't make up my mind.
I was torn between the Japanese Curry w/ Pork Katsu and the Chicken Katsu - and due to their credit card minimum of $10, I ended up ordering the Japanese Curry with Pork Katsu + a side of Chicken Katsu.
The portion was HUGE (granted, I did end up with another slab of fried chicken) - but i really enjoyed my meal, overall. The fried pork and fried chicken are super crispy, but the meat itself lacked some flavor. 
The staff there couldn't have been nicer. I am very interested in some of their other menu items - I guess i'll have to come back!We swung by for pick-up as they're only doing takeout. This is located in a food court pavilion set up. We got the pork katsu, and it was good! I appreciated them separating the curry from the drier ingredients. The pork was well cooked and slightly moist, and the curry was quite flavorful and not too salty. I appreciated their use of short grain rice to compliment the dish. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and felt it was a win.
I would have happily given them a 5 star but I was a bit disappointed to realize that the on-site cook was prepping all the meals without a mask. Granted he was there alone, but, when I took a look at other vendors, they were all wearing masks even when alone. Bummer.Great curry that reminded me of my time in Japan. Good value.  Seating is in a public area with long tables that serves multiple eating establishment meaning it can get crowded. Staff was nice. I recommend trying it.Pretty great for a Japanese curry place in a food court! I love that they make the curry themselves (rather than from the Japanese curry cubes), which gives it a strong aroma. There are carrots and potatoes in the curry, with small sides of cabbage and pickles, so you won't feel like you're just eating sauce with rice! Don't discount the rice though - it usually gets a bad rep or is relegated as a supporting cast member - this is good quality short grain rice that gets extra yummy when coated with the curry. Perhaps it'd be nice if there were a little more carrots and curry to finish off the rice and to dip the katsu in.
Owners and staff are very friendly. They even gave me a sample of the South Asian curry before deciding which I wanted. You should come support this local business!Came on a saturday night. My friend and I both got pork katsu curry. She got original and I got spicy. She devoured hers quickly, while I took my time because the spice got to me. I enjoyed how quick the meal was prepared. Also, I loved how the katsu was not too dry; the curry sauce and consistency really complimented the rice and breading very well. I def want to get another plate again when I visit chinatown; the dish feels very homey like soul food :)Ooooh finally a place with really yummy Japanese curry and at a decent price! 
I've tried all the entree options, the pork, chicken and veggie. My favorite is the pork, the veggie is also really good but it's more like a potato ball.
I usually order the pork katsu with a side of veggie croquettes and extra curry sauce. The rice also really good, it's like Japanese sushi rice with a sticker quality. 
They also have popcorn chicken and fries that come with curry sauce and an option to replace the Japanese curry sauce for a spicy curry. I would NOT recommend it, it's not the best. Stick with the Japanese curry and you'll be a happier foodie. 
I love Japanese curry because it has a sweeter taste than the usual Indian and Thai curries. It's one of my go-to if I'm in the mood for for comfort and hearty foods. 
Definitely a must try if you're in the area!First time trying Japanese curry, and I really enjoyed it from Kurry Korner! It was made fresh and was a lot of food for $10. The chicken was crispy and the curry was full of flavor. Great spot and would totally recommend for a quick filling lunch!Tucked away in the Chinatown food court on Race St, this fast food restaurant dedicated to delivering curry dishes has two different levels of spice. The milder Japanese spicy level and the spicier Southeast Asian.
I'm not sure how much curry the typical diner expects, but I ordered the Southeast Asian curry dish and I felt like my food was swimming in a soup of oily spicy curry. The curry was a little overwhelming and if I come back I'll ask for less curry.
That said, there is a very enjoyable hint of peanut in the curry sauce and the chicken katsu I ordered was crispy and very well seasoned. If you enjoy crunchy breaded chicken, then you can't go wrong with katsu.
The staff was very welcoming and very patient. I recommend their sour dipping sauce available at the register. The staff rightly recommended that it would accompany my rice really well.
You'll also find some Japanese potato buried in to get soup of curry. It tasted a little less well done than I'd like but that could just be traditional preparation.