This restaurant was seriously impressive. Everything was completely delicious: the guacamole, the flatbread, the cocktails, some beef taco thing... extremely good food and priced fairly for high end Mexican. The sundae thing with the caramel corn... eh. Not as amazing as some reviews led me to believe. But totally edible.
The dining room is attractive with a Velasquez-like mural. It's modern and approachable while remaining warm and neighborhoody. I sent my parents here and they really liked it as well. 
The service was excellent. I told the server that "I can't eat egg," by which I only meant that I find it gross. So they put some hard boiled egg pico de gallo on the side for my friend. But the waitress came back a few minutes later presenting the chef's concern that I had a dairy allergy, as some of the other food had dairy. That's so nice! Way to look out for your diners. 
This restaurant must prosper because it is awesome and close to my house. Go there. Love it. This is absolutely the restaurant Fairmount needed.Upscale Mexican-fusion restaurant in Fairmount area.
Hamachi Ceviche was delicious.
Fish tacos were excellent.
Chorizo fundido was awesome
Campechano Tlayuda hit the spot.
Great assortment of tequilas to try as well.
Only knock were the flour tortillas instead of corn (you can ask for corn instead).Decent but nothing too memorable. Portions were small for the price and al pastor was a tad dry. Baja fish tacos only came with 2 tacos.There are not many other Mexican restaurants in the area, but I still prefer Que Chula and they deliver to my house.Great margaritas and the best carnitas tacos I have ever had!!!!  Taco Tuesday is a must here!This place is overrated. I've been here a bunch of times and every time I think to myself "there are so many better places to go on Fairmount." The food/drinks are overpriced (except for during happy hour) and the margaritas are poured from a bottle. The happy hour nachos are the only thing I would recommend, everything else is just meh.Great place.  They really get the whole restaurant experience.  Not your typical Mexican place, but with plenty of typical fare.  Some really extraordinary dishes to compliment traditional favorites.  People are great and interior is very appealing.  Family friendly and also plays to those who are unrestrained by kids.  The overall experience leaves you feeling quite pleased!Had the opportunity to come here after picking up a friend from the airport last week.  This was a great choice!  The decor is funky and inviting, and the space itself is relly beautiful.  A teensy drawback is that, when people are loud, it can be hard to hear your tablemates, but since we were seated to a party of 10 ladies reliving their sorority days, that's hardly the fault of the establishment.  ;-)
There were three of us and we shared hamachi ceviche (yummy!), pulpo skewers (awesome!), the fish tacos, carnitas, tlayudas, and then dessert.  The ironically titled Domingo Sundae and some ice cream - so good!
I live in a more suburban area and the chance to get to a place in a walkable, urban neighborhood was a nice change of pace!  I'd come back to La Calaca Feliz anytime!Back in Philly and in the mood for happy hour with my wife.  She recommended La Calaca, so off we went.
The happy hour menu is fantastic.  The regular menu is equally good.  The Lobster Tacositas were tasty (a mini version of a lobster roll) and had just the proper amount of spice.  The contrasting textures made me muy feliz.  The nachos with brisket were a welcome surprise.  They came out of the oven and had the right crunchiness.  The cheese and the toppings did not overwhelm the crunchy, fresh-out-of-the-oven chips.
The highlight tonight was the Carnitas Tacos.  These were the best carnitas I've had in the states.  They had a little burn on the outside but maintained their juicy quality nonetheless.  The bartender also recommended the fish tacos (they are prepared with plantain before the frier).
There are also a couple of flatbreads on the menu.  Our love of asparagus pushed us to order the asparagus option with manchego béchamel.  It was fantastic.
The service was great.  The bartender was attentive but not annoying.  There was only one mistake all afternoon.  The asparagus flatbread was delivered to the bar with jalapeños, although we ordered them without.  However, we just picked them out of my wife's half and placed them into mine and thoroughly enjoyed the dish.
I know Calaca has been around for a bit.  It still remains a great place for solid Mexican staples in Philly.  There are tons of fresh ingredients and carefully prepared dishes; you won't find heavy-handed Tex-Mex dishes a-la Chilli's here.  I will be back for more items on the menu.Love the ambiance and food was delicious.  Waiter was nice.  So why 3 stars?  Because I spent a good amount but left the restaurant still hungry.  If you order tacos, you get 3 little tacos and nothing else.  The plate is totally bare: no beans, no rice, nothing.  How much would it cost them to add a little filler on the side so that the customer doesn't leave hungry?  I have mixed feelings about coming back.  Maybe I'll ask the nice waiter next time which meals can actually fill up a person (rather than a newborn baby hamster).  Good for kids.My dad, who is consistently "underwhelmed" by most restaurants was happy when I took him here. 
To start, my brother ordered us the crab fondito and it was delicious. My dad kept complaining that it was not good for his diet...yet kept digging his fork in for more. 
For dinner I ordered the carnitas tacos, my father ordered the baja tacos, and my brother had the fried chicken taco special. First off, a fried chicken taco? Sounds strange. While I did not taste it my brother was very happy and cleaned off his plate pretty fast. My father loved his baja taco. My carnitas was delicious, although not the best I've ever had, but still quite good. For sides we had the plantains (tasty!) and brussel sprouts (also good!)
Service was friendly and attentive. Will be back.I have been here maybe 5 different times and the nachos are Always amazing! The drinks are pretty good, but the menu is kinda blah... I like the atmosphere and the service is pretty good, but I am not a fan of the menu. Ive tried like 3 different entrees and they were all just ok. I gave this place 4 stars for the nachos appetizer and margaritas. I guess every place cant always be great all around... Not a problem though, so we just do apps and drinks and then go somewhere else for dinner.... Try this place out, you will love the nachos!!This Mexican restaurant is really good, if you haven't try yet, you're missing out something ! The decors and the room are cute. 
I had the nachos and the plantains from the brunch menu. The quality and quantity is perfect. 
I also suggest their margarita, you can't go wrong with that!This is probably our family's favorite restaurant in all of Fairmount (one of our favorite in all of the city!).
Where to begin . . . .
The food is incredible.  The guacamole is outstanding (very fresh and very tangy) - we have a small child who eats almost nothing but this!  The tacos are also superb - as are the sides (if you haven't tried the refried beans or black beans you are missing out).
The drinks are also good.  Margaritas, Mohittos (spelling LOL?)  -- they are to die for.  (I will say - as others have commented on - that they are a little weak in the alcohol content, but otherwise delicious).  
The décor and atmosphere is also very nice.  I will note - for all the parents out there - that this restaurant is extremely child-friendly.  We always bring our small child there and we are always treated very well (unlike some of the more posh restaurants in the city).  The staff is extremely friendly and patient (key characteristics as, again, we often bring our small child!).
My only complaints - as others have noted - the prices are slightly high.  They are not ridiculous, but they do seem higher than they should be.  Also (as others have commented), the portions are fairly small.  (An order of tacos will not be enough - trust me.).
Other than that though - this restaurant is truly awesome  (5 stars!).Everything about La Calaca was fine, but nothing stood out.  I thought it was a little overpriced, especially the chivche. 
I'm really at a loss for anything to say about this joint.  It's fine.I finally had the opportunity to try one of La Calaca Feliz's daily specials and it absolutely warrants a review update. 
With the date being National Margarita Day, dinner at La Calaca Feliz was a no brainer. My husband and I had a 6:15 reservation but were seated upon our 6pm arrival. We were seated at a cozy table/booth against the window but totally alleviated my past concerns of cramped quarters. It was nestled in the back and we had a much more private experience. 
Leah was once again our server and I cannot say enough good things about her. She's friendly, personable, attentive and down to earth. She had a great understanding of the regular menu and specials and was able to offer her advice when needed. 
Her description of the special of the day had me sold. It was a local red snapper with guajillo and cauliflower purée with a citrus vinaigrette. The snapper was so light and fresh. The cauliflower puree was creamy and flavorful. The citrus vinaigrette added a nice contrast of sweet to the dish. My only beef was that I wish the dish was larger. Of course it paired perfectly with their Feliz Margarita.  My husband went with the grilled chicken mole again and really enjoyed his dish as well.
Since it was a brisk winter's night, we deemed it was warm enough and necessary to try the churros ice cream. It was the perfect cinnamon close out to the meal. 
I can't say enough good things about La Calaca Feliz and look forward to my next visit.There are some restaurants that put you immediately at ease -- you know right away it's going to be a good night when you walk in the door. La Calaca Feliz is one of those restaurants.
Whoever designed the place really knows how to set the mood. The ambiance is slightly dark and exotic, but not stiflingly so. The dimly lit and narrow bar just inside the door leads to the spacious and welcoming main dining area in the back. The high-ceiling room has large windows and is more brightly lit, and looks like a cross between a diner and a bistro, with big red squishy booths on the right and comfortable, well-spaced wooden tables on the left. Everything in the restaurant looked impeccably spick and span, with a simple, understated elegance. There were candles on the tables. You feel comfortable when you're seated, like you have have room to move, breathe, and talk. Definitely a good date restaurant.
We started with guac and chips. The guacamole came in a huge stone mortar and pestle and dressed up with some zingy seasoning. One of the best guacamoles I've had recently, although I may be biased because of the mortar.
For our main course we had the duck confit with smashed potatoes (a special). It was well-cooked and the meat easily fell off the bones. It was a bit light flavor-wise, but not un-satisfyingly so. There was something sweet in it to balance out the meat (cranberries, I think). It was nice. My friend had the plantain-crusted tilapia tacos.
I finished it off with a tortilla soup, which had nice chunks of chicken and two slices of fresh avocado. My friends told me the margaritas were also very good, though I didn't try it.
Will definitely be returning here!I had the pleasure of having a very nice meal and wonderful service some time ago at this Mexican Restaurant.  However, today my wife and I walked to the same restaurant and had an unfortunate experience.  We arrived sometime in the afternoon at about 1:30 pm. The restaurant was not too crowded and we were seated in a corner spot which was fine.  There was a large party near us that was celebrating someone's birthday and frankly we joined in and sang happy birthday and clapped for the Birthday Girl.  There was one thing missing no wait staff made it to our table for about 15 - 20 minutes and at that point we decided to leave.  No water, no appetizers no offer of service.  There have been limited times in my life that I have walked out of a restaurant and this, unfortunately was one of those times.  I told the gentleman that seated us that we left because no one waited our table.  I think he may have been stunned but I wasn't sure and we left.  At this point although we had one very nice experience, however,  I truly do not think my wife and I will ever return, and it is a shame since the first experience that we had at this restaurant was very nice.I had the pork belly tacos and the refried beans. They were very good. I also had the chocolate cake with banana ice cream. Which was delicious. The only negative was the ice cream which had some ice crystals (possibly frozen chunks of bananas) that were not very appealing.Saw one hair...let it go. Then came another hair...
Ordered on caviar with an 18% service fee...to have hair in my food!!We arrived on a very busy Friday night as the advance guard of a group of 6 COF's (Cranky Od Farts) and were seated graciously and quickly.  Ordered Gimlets (vodka and gin); both were outstanding.
Went with the tasting menu and enjoyed way too much delicious food served by excellent servers.
We will definitely be back, but probably on a weekday when the din is less.  Otherwise, it's pretty close to perfect.Pretty good (though a portion of that goodness comes from the cute waiter--rivaling Doma's!) Mexican offering in Fairmount!
The guacamole (regular) is delicious (though, as with many serve-in-a-mortar spots, it looks like they give you more than they actually do), though the chips were slightly stale. The tacos al pastor were good: succulent meat, though I would've liked a second lime wedge, more pineapple chunks, and maybe some pickled jalapeno to kick up the flavor. The virgin margarita with a pineapple shot was very strong--I preferred it slightly watered down.
La Calaca Feliz's backyard courtyard is very appealing. Overall, La Calaca Feliz's ambiance is more "Center City" than nearby Isabel, which has a fancied-up cafeteria feel, however, in terms of flavor, Isabel wins.I tried this place for my boyfriend's birthday this weekend. We went during their Restaurant Week, but since it was our first time at the restaurant and we were celebrating his big day, we decided to order from the regular menu and get a good idea of what the place was like. 
We started off with the guacamole and salsa. Both delicious. The guacamole comes out already mixed in one of those stone bowls. 
As appetizers we had the meatballs and the albondigas skewers - the meatballs were to die for, oozing cheese... and the octopus was grilled to perfection even though it tasted a bit dry. In retrospect, a little lemon juice would have been perfect. 
For the main dishes, my boyfriend had the grilled shrimp and i had the black bass. 
His shrimp was good, it had a bean sauce which made it interesting, but my dish was truly amazing. It came with rice mixed with corn, asparagus and crab meat. So incredibly good!
The desserts looked yummy but we were both so full that we passed. The waitress - who was a sweetheart - brought over some delicious gelato with a candle for the birthday boy. I thought it was a very nice touch. 
The restaurant itself is deceiving in that it is very narrow and small when you first walk in, but it opens up into a beautifully painted room, with lots of bright colors and cool details. I heard there's a nice outside area as well, but it was dark so I didn't get to see it. We sat my a fireplace which will be extremely cozy in the winter. 
Overall a great experience, I recommend it!The food is tasty but not necessarily filling.
For a party of six, the service was okay.
In general the plates are pretty small.
For the price point, there was a little more to be desired.Kinda wish they made the guacamole in front of us and the swordfish taco with the plantain was a bit confusing to the taste buds....Now that I got the (small) negatives out of the way, I'll explain what this place does absolutely right!
When you enter, it seems really small and cramped but they have a larger dining room in the back which accommodates a wide range of groups from small to large. They also had outdoor seating right outside the dining room which was beautifully lit reminiscent of a beer garden.
Their feliz margarita was solid and the baja fish taco was perfectly battered and fried without being mushy on the inside.
The wait staff was more than helpful and extremely friendly when we had questions.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time here and it is definitely a place I plan on recommending to others.Usually Yelp reviews guide me to the right spots...La Calaca was certainly not on the top of my list.  In order the fig and bacon guacamole was below average and not at all flavorful.  I have made much better guac at home. The margaritas were weak, watery and sweet which for me is the worst of all worlds. The verde enchiladas were tolerable but did not fill me up. The pork belly tacos were the best thing I tried but may have only been good because the rest of the food was unremarkable.  The tacos had a bit of an asian flare which was cool and different however. Service was fine but for the price tag, not at all worth it.Amazing food and great service! The carnitas, mushroom and chorizo tacos were great. Definitely recommend the corn side as well. Reasonably priced too. Can't wait to come back!This place is so over priced and the food is mediocre. I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that didn't give you rice and beans with your meal. My partner and I were shocked that we had to order them as an extra. If you're walking by and considering this place keep on going. So many other better options.We started with the guac which was solid - good avocados make it hard to screw up, in my opinion. I started with the tortilla soup which had really great flavor (but was noticeably spicy to a wimp like me. Just something to be aware of). Magnificent mushroom tacos. They were perfect. My friend had the carnival tacos which were also phenomenal. Our server was exactly attentive enough, we weren't rushed, and got to enjoy the lovely outdoor seating! Lovely dinner spot for catching up with a friend.I love this place. Perfect margaritas , great food and service .The outside patio at outside of la calaca Feliz is a GREAT hidden spot during the spring/summer and I will definitely go bad! We got to this place on a Sunday ~4Pm and we had to wait to be sited because they were still waiting on the patio space to be ready. After 5 min, our party of four got sited and we ordered margaritas. I felt the drink was on the spot and had the right amount of liquor. We were not extremely hungry so we decided to share and ordered Crab fondido and nachos with spared ribs. Both plates were just great and PLENTY of food to be shared. The prices are reasonable and the service is nice. Definitely another place to had to my go-to list.So I feel almost bad about writing this review...but then I get mad thinking about the 15 bucks I wasted on nachos that made me gag :/  I live in the neighborhood and after my roommate sung La Calacas high praises we went to dinner and grabbed margs and their famous nachos...which are awesome...or were
The past two times we ordered nachos we noticed ehhh stuff was burnt, things werent fresh etc etc..but this time I actually had to write a review.  We decided to go with the brisket on the nachos and whatever meat they put on it was horrendous.  By meat I mean just gobs of white fat they must have shaved off from the carnitas that was going to something else because our whole order was just literally....fat.   Ugh terrible had to throw the whole thing out and we have decided third times the charm on the no bueno list :(Best nachos in town, without competition. Freshest ingredients of any Mexican restaurant we have visited.We were able to get last minute reservations.  Got margaritas (virgin, lychee, something else) - delish.  Nachos with brisket were amazing, guac solid.  Ceviche, mexican pizza, and a whole bunch of tacos were all amazing.  Our waitress was curt and brought the check without asking whether we wanted dessert.  We did and got coffee and a chocolate bar.  Great dining experience if you dont much care re service.I've been on the fence of a 3/4 rating since going to La Calaca Feliz a few weeks ago.
We made a reservation during fairmount restaurant week and they had a 3 course, $25 special going on. It involved an app, entree, and ice cream. 
The best parts of the meal (which were admittedly great) were the spicy margs, bacon and fig guacamole, and churro ice cream.
The appetizers and main course weren't bad but they seemed to be a bit bland . Even the "jalapeno pickles" were not spicy. That being said, the fish tacos were SUPER a delicious mixture of flaky fish and crispy coating. I am almost wondering if everything was turned down to appeal to a wider audience during restaurant week?
Either way, the vibe is great and the prices are reasonable. We'll likely go back here.Good food and great ambience. The grilled corn and cauliflower tacos were my favorite. The kale salad was a little too tart from too much dressing and needed something sweet to balance it out. Guacamole was fresh, as were the chips. The chorizo taco that my friend got was bland and needed a lot more flavor. Overall, I'll definitely go back.My favorite Mexican food in Philadelphia. I moved from Arizona where you can find amazing Mexican food, en La Calaca Feliz can give a run for their money to many Mexican restaurants in AZ. Make sure to get the mashroom tacos, nachos with brisket... actually try everything in the menu if you can.I love Xochitl and Lolita, so when I heard some of the folks behind those restaurants were opening up a spot in Fairmount, I was looking forward to trying it. Big disappointment. Ok, not big, but La Calaca Feliz certainly doesn't live up to the food at either of the aforementioned restaurants. 
Unless you live in the area, there's no reason to go out of your way to visit. The decor, atmosphere and service were good, and while the food was fine, it just wasn't interesting. We had the guac, enchiladas, tacos and a pitcher of sangria. I'm not even sure the tortillas were housemade. I'd much prefer the tacquerias on Washington Ave. 
Just a heads-up: It's tough to get a table on a Friday night. La Calaca only takes reservations for parties of 6, but I was told that we could call ahead 20 minutes to put our names on the list. So I did and was told the wait was actually going to be 45 minutes. No prob. We arrived on time, just a few minutes before the 45-minute mark. But then I was told by the host that it would be another 45 minutes. O-k. 
Luckily, if you need to pass the time, there are several great watering holes in the area, including Bishop's Collar, Brigid's and London. Then again, you might just be better off having your dinner at one of those restaurants instead of La Calaca.I'm giving it 3 as a benefit of the doubt. It's my 1st time & maybe it's normally better? I'll explain:
I live nearby, but never made it in. Just last week, someone specifically rec the house margarita & nachos (add brisket) at HH to get it at a discount. $5! So, I'm here! I order accordingly, adding the asparagus tlayuda. The nachos have cheese, beans, peppers, brisket, etc. The asparagus thing is like a Mexican pizza. Corn Mesa crust topped with poblano peppers, cheese, jalapeño. Now, u would think with all these toppings, things are going to be flavorful & fun. It was not. This was the most average & bland food. I had to ask for salt & basically bathed my food in salt to eat it. The only thing that rang out in my mouth was eating the slices of jalapeño. At least there was heat! No taste though. :/
The margarita: watery...eh. 
Verdict: I went out of my way to drive over here from my house (I can walk to my normal establishments). I will never be so inclined to do that again. I gave the extra star thinking that if I ate in the dining room, the food is improved. The reviews & rep are so good, I have to think it was b/c the HH food doesn't get as much attn or something. I will not rule out eating dinner & trying the entrees. But this was not worth moving my car!My girlfriend and I love checking out neighborhood bars. This one has been on our list for awhile but we always end up going elsewhere randomly. Well we finally made it, made reservations and arrived on a Monday night and there was a steady crowd in there. Great atmosphere and the food comes out fast and is fantastic. It was our first time there and normally when letting a server know that they will volunteer information about the Menu and the restaurant. Not our server! Felt like he hated us from the moment we sat down. He was just dry, miserable, and not attentive at all. I felt like he would even avoid looking at our table.  As a matter of fact after we put in our food and drink orders we did not see that gentlemen until it was time to pay our bill. The host was actually very nice and ended up serving us for remainder of our dining experience for some reason. He immediately offered suggestions for desert knowing that it was our first time and he was just a genuinely nice guy. You can definitely sense that there was some internal issues or animosity built up with our original server. The food runners were great and so was everyone else so we left a great tip although it was undeserving of our server. Philly has so many great food options so at the end of the day the service will always be the determining factor. Crab Fundido is great, So are the tacos, & shrimp and grits. Would have love to try the Chef tasting Menu but the server could not tell me one item that was included with it. "Its just random items off the menu". Great answer. "Do you have any suggestions for us.........." , Server - "I mean not really it depends on what you like", uummmm alright then.Exactly what Fairmount needed, a GREAT Mexican joint to grab margaritas, tacos and all the South-of-the-Border fixings when you're craving them! Their version of a mojito (sorry, the name slips me!) is to die for, and the guac is on point. Both their carnitas and chicken tacos with queso fresco couldn't have been fresher, and the wait staff was incredibly baby-friendly as we had our 5-month old with us, and she wasn't necessarily being the calmest patron. A family-friendly spot I highly recommend!If there is one restaurant I absolutely adore in Philadelphia it is La Calaca Feliz. I highly recommend venturing out to Fairmount if you have a chance. It is less congested, airy, and they have a cool jail for touring if you needed an activity to pair with your meal destination. There are also a bunch of bars in the area.
We went to La Calaca Feliz on a particularly hot day. It was our first visit and we were pleased to find out they had outdoor seating. We were able to enjoy the sun under a tree. Their backyard is nicely set up. It's friendly, inviting, and very cute. I would love to have a small party there.
The service was excellent from start to finish. The staff was super nice, refilled our waters over and over again, and even gave us recommendations for our next meal.
The food was fantastic, fresh, and delicious. For appetizers we had the pulpo with arugula and radish and the asparagus tlayuda. The tlayuda was just like a Mexican pizza. It was so good. For our main dishes we got the fish tacos and pork belly tacos. Next time, I would think to get only one order of tacos and try another dish. It was definitely a lot of food/tacos. By the end of dinner, I wish we weren't so stuffed. Their dessert menu is mouth watering. Tres leches cake, Mexican chocolate cake... I can't wait to come back.Expensive! Hubby and I got only entrees and paid way too much. The chicken enchiladas with mole sauce were just okay. They forgot to put in my order of refried beans, which was also mediocre when I finally got it. I was rooting for a great Mexican spot in the neighborhood but was disappointed.Unbelievable brunch. Thursday happy hour is a tequila lover's dream, house margarita is flawless. Menu is creative and flavorful. Love this place.We managed to get a table without reservations during happy hour (goes until 7pm). I ordered the house margarita on the rocks with salt. Delicious!  
After we ordered, I saw the waiter bring a plate of nachos to a table nearby. I quickly added that to my meal. The nachos are layered with beans cheese jalapeños sauce,etc and then baked. We devoured them and quite frankly didn't touch my meal! 
I told my friends about this place the next day and we were back that night! This time we ordered the nachos and the guacamole which is also delicious. I thought since there were 4 of us that I could still order the cauliflower tacos. But another night where I was too stuffed to eat my dinner and my bf had it for lunch the next day. 
My bf got the Baja fish tacos both nights and loved it. 
I will definitely be back but I'll stick to my nachos and margaritas going forward!Ive lived across from this place a few years and finally decided i had to give it a try. So happy I did! This place is delicious!! The Black Bass entree is one of the best seafood entrees I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try something else.Hands down the best Mexican restaurant in the city!  My personal favorites are the  nachos, the Baja fish tacos and the swordfish tacos.  Add one of their three chili margaritas and it's the perfect meal!  Whether you live in center city, olde city, down the street in Fairmount, etc. I highly recommend a trip over there.Delicioso. The service is great and the marghrittas are awesome.I had dinner there last night and it was a great meal and experience. The server we had was friendly and very knowledgable.  She recommended we do the Tasing Menu ($29) since neither of us had been before and it was fantastic. We both loved everything that was prepared for us.  Also, the Garcia Margarita was possibly the BEST margarita I have every had and I always order a margarita when having Mexican.  The atmospher of the restaurant is really quaint and cozy.  I really liked it.  I recommend this restaurant and look forward to returning!For Philly, this is a solid 4 stars for Mexican, but having lived in Texas, my expectations are much higher. The margaritas are great (although pricey), the guacamole was also terrific, and they stayed with the authentic corn tortillas and not the Americanized flour tortilla that everyone prefers. However, their sauces are way too heavy with the consistency of ketchup, their salsa - while fresh- lacks taste, and the service was slow and it was very loud. I will definitely be back, as it's the best Mexican i've had in Philly but that's not a long or distinguished list.I can't tell you how the food was cos I didn't get any! 
My boyfriend & I wanted to try this place this weekend, and I tried to get a reservation, but was told on the phone that they don't take reservations for under 6 people. The woman did offer that I could put my name down for a table about a half hour before we intended to go, so I said I'd call back. Called back later at about 7:30 and was told that the wait was 2 hours long. 9:30 pm is way late for dinner, so obviously had to ditch it--wish I was given at least an inkling that the wait time could run that long. 
The next day, we decided to just show up. Walked in and were told the wait was 45 minutes to an hour. We certainly didn't want to wait that long (this is the Art Museum area, not Center City!) So I asked the host how to go about it since they don't take reservations for two people. All he could offer was that they do allow us to put down our names. I said we'd tried it the day before, and the wait was an incredibly long two hours. Got a halfhearted sorry. 
You'd think especially when you're a new restaurant in the neighborhood, you would try to keep customers coming and make some effort to accommodate those who express a special interest to try it? And why would you not take reservations for under 6 people if you're that busy? Just based on their inability to be accommodating to customers, I'm certainly not going back!I have been here about 10 times and it is always excellent.  Some of my favorites include: Bacon, fig & blue cheese guacamole, Hamachi Ceviche, tacos (all), meatballs, octopus and the tres leches cake. Great tequilla selection as well.I am conflicted with this place!  I am a lover of Mexican flavors, easy on the spicy peppers.  I continue to be impressed by the quality of the food at La Calaca Feliz.  To start, they have a nice variety of fresh ceviche, guacamole and melty piled high nachos that I have to help myself from ordering because I just want to eat up every last bite.  Great selection of tacos (their fish tacos are my favorite even though they're breaded & fried (I think), you will not be disappointed!), enchiladas and fresh entrees if you care for something more substantial.  I'm not a huge fan of tequila, but their three chili margarita is a must!  They have a nice selection of seasonal margaritas and other refreshing cocktails.  
I am a loyal customer and consider myself on the patient side but my pain point is with the service.  I come here because the food is just so tasty!  But the service is really hit or miss.  Last night, they must have been training staff for the summer, because it seemed like the wheels fell off the entire operation!  It was a relatively busy night (nice weather, eureka!) and the hostess didn't exactly exude confidence in what she was doing... troublesome.  She said maybe it would take 20-30 minutes to seat us outside, after 30 minutes of waiting, I asked for the status and she said MAYBE 20 more... whaa?! I was pissed & hangry and a spot had just opened at the bar so we sat there.  I appreciate the hard working bartender, I think the bar back was new and she handled the busy crowd/less than stellar support from the staff with patience and enthusiasm.  On the one off occasion, your server may be frantic b/c the kitchen is slammed and your food could take a while... etc.   
In conclusion, I do recommend going to La Calaca Feliz when you're in Fairmount... just have your patience pants on.The food was good but nothing amazing.  The drinks were ok but super sweet.  The service was over whelming. They had so many people assisting my table (that was only myself and one other person) it seemed daunting.   Also we had no silverware until we asked for a fork and were only given a fork.  And only one napkin.  Trying to leave was interesting.  Extremely over crowded at the door to get out.  People were eating what appeared to be meals while standing next to the door.  Strange.  However it was discovered after we arrived that it was restaurant week for the Fairmount area but still.I went with two friends on a Friday. We were able to get a table quickly, staff was on point (not to mention incredibly good looking), and service was excellent. Everyone loved their food, including the super tasty salsa and guac. We scraped the bowl clean! I could not decide which tacos to get, and asked our server to choose for me, and I was not let down. The Chorizo & Potato Tacos were delicious. My drink was so so good, and the happy hour prices were great. I will for sure be going back!Love this place.  House nachos are great as are the carnitas.  Happy hour menu rocks!Fantastic restaurant!  YUM!  Had a sampling of a variety of apps, including the guac (with appples!), some flatbread pizzas (mushroom was my favorite), duck meatballs (outta this world). Excellent salsas, be sure to try the habernero!  the black Bass was amazing. Make sure you save room for dessert, the ice cream sundae with Carmel corn will blow your mind! 
 Awesome ambience. Can't wait till greenhouse is built outside with additional seating. Great service   
Will be back very soon! 
Go here!!!I love their happy hour! Nachos and other happy hour specials are always spot on! Keep up the good work!!!Seriously good food!!! If you are looking for authentic mexican food this is the place!!! I was really impressed by the flavors, quality and appearance of the food I ordered. Let's start with the guacamole. WOW, it was amazing!! It was so simple but yet so delicious. The guacamole is served with fresh chips that also come with a side of salsa. I ordered the carinitas tacos and the elote  loco which is the grilled corn on the cob. I was blown away!!!! Quality over quantity is a nice way to describe La Calaca Feliz!! The enjoyed the great service as all servers and bartenders were very attentive and very pleasant. I also had one of the best margaritas here. It was the perfect blend of tequila and sour mix. I think that for the quality and service you get that the pricing if fair. I will return and totally recommend this restaurant!!!
*credit cards accepted
*check hours because they close for an hour or so after brunch to prepare for dinner. 
*easy to find street parkingOk food. Nice space. Fish tacos an interesting take and a very good. Pork tacos and guac not quite as good as most south philly tacquerias (or homemade), and considering the cost those are better hands down. All in all too Stephen Starr-ish for my liking (not that its his place...).Food was ok if you were looking for a fusion of different American and American Mexican bar food. We got mushroom tacos, squash enchiladas, some big nacho platter and the guacamole. They were all ok tasting and it was something different so it was worth the try. The guacamole was definitely not the best in Philadelphia. Best part was their Arnold Palmer Iced tea. Probably won't go back again but it was worth going once. They wouldn't give us extra onions in a dish. THIS PLACE DOES NOT HAVE AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD.Best fish tacos I've ever had and delicious sangria. I just found out that they have a sister store in the 'burbs near my house and I could not be more excited!!I "bookmarked" this place, because of outdoor seating and the Domingo Sundae neither of which I did/got.  Started with guacamole and a lychee margarita - love that there was a large lychee nestled in my drink!  My Baja fish tacos arrived along with my sides of refried beans and plantains.  YAY!  So, so yum.  My only complaint was there wasn't enough lemon vinaigrette on my taco (sure there's a joke in there somewhere), but that was easily remedied by using some left over guac and salsa.  Will definitely be back to try the different tacos!Drinks are good!! Mexican street corn is a must here!!! We got all different tacos and liked them all very much!! Definitely a fun vibe and service was great! Parking can be iffy here. Looking forward to coming back!Adorable neighborhood spot. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the décor is great and the back courtyard is awesome! The bartender was very nice and accommodating, making me my own customary jalapeno-pineapple margarita. Nachos are fantastic. Perfect date night spot!Completely mediocre Mexican food, everything over salted, and expensive to boot.  I would give it two starts, but the server was really great.  We had the guacamole, which was very good, but for ten bucks I want a bigger portion.  Enchiladas were $20 and nothing special.  Nachos were gloppy.  Jicama salad was excellent.  Pretty loud.Easily one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. Authentic Mexican atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating. 
My favorite entree so far has been the Grilled Shrimp & Tequila Grits w/ bacon corn salsa. This is definitely a dish that I would order again (but haven't done so yet because there are so many enticing options on the menu).
When it comes to appetizers, it's impossible to say which is better between the Fig & Bacon Guacamole and the Lamb Barbacoa Tlayuda (open-faced toasted tortilla with chickpea spread, oaxaca, cilantro, taqueria guacamole), so I would say get both! The Fig & Bacon Guacamole is enough for 3-4 people. 
I've also had the Pork Belly Tacos, which I highly recommend. 
My girlfriend has had the Enchilada Con Pollo, which she loved. She also had the Cauliflower Tacos, which she was not a huge fan of, as they were pretty bland (but then again, cauliflower is bland haha). 
As far as drinks go, I usually stick with the Mexican theme and go with Dos Equis Amber, but my girlfriend absolutely LOVES  the Cumberland Blues cocktail (which is similar to a mojito). 
Anytime I'm in the city, La Calaca is on my top 5 list of places to eat. Check it out, I guarantee you won't be disappointed.I've been here a bunch of times and each time have had a wonderful and delicious experience. The guac and margaritas are great! The restaurant itself is very trendy and cool with a nice courtyard. Don't miss it, Philadelphia!As one of my friends put it, "The name of that restaurant is so fun to say!"
Do you really need more reasons to choose a restaurant? Here's a few:
Carnitas Tacos - Best I've ever had, and I lived in California for a while and found some pretty great back-of-the-Mexican-grocery-store taquerias there. The meat is succulent and juicy yet crisped on the outside. The flavor is just right. Add to that some avocado, salsa roja, and other standard toppings. Three tacos to a plate. Just right. Only real drawback is sometimes they're too juicy and the tortilla gets soggy, especially if you order it for take-out. Also, once in a while, they don't quite crisp the carnitas well enough for me, and then these tacos are a bit meh.
Chicken Tacos - Also amazing. Before they added these to the menu, the same chicken, pickled cabbage, avocado, and queso was in an appetizer called Chicken Sopes. Instead of a tortilla, it was over a little crispy pancake type thing. I liked that version much better than the tacos, so I hope they bring those back.
Elotes Loco - Every time I order it, people around ask, "What is that?" - "Crazy Corn hombre!" It's an ear of corn with all kinds of gooey good stuff like queso on it.
Sweet Plantains are my dessert - queso fresco again? Hit me.
The staff should get a nod here as well because they're awesome too. They're friendly and seem to really take care of everyone. I'm a regular, but I'm not just saying this based on how I'm treated. They take care of everyone and it shows.A yummy mexican restaurant that offers great and tasty mexican fare.  The guacamole is delicious and offered in a cute pig bowl! They offer all sorts of tasty drinks. If you like mexican food than go here NOW. If you are not a fan, then this restaurant won't change your mind.
My only complaint is that it's small and it got loud, but people were enjoying themselves. A great place!Very disappointed what more can I say 
Cheap sugary low class drinks (tried atleast 4) but does have Great fish tacosThis restaurant almost deserves 5 stars.  It had amiable atmosphere with affable staff.  The fish tacos and brisket tacos will brilliant.  The Margaretas were smooth.  There were none of the typical tortilla chips and salsa to start. It would have been overkill anyway.  This is a "Yes."Guacamole is NOT fresh or flavorful, it tastes like something you would find in a supermarket or at Taco Bell.  Tortilla chips were stale.
Saving grace: 3 chile margarita - delicious and perfect. Mushroom tacos were REALLY good, interesting flavor with the lemon vinagrette.So I walked into La Calaca Feliz the other day and had a seat at the bar for some food and drinks.
What I liked about La Calaca Feliz:
The bartenders are friendly and make great margaritas. The guacamole traditional is creamy and has chucks of avocado :) The carnitas tacos are probably top three carnitas I have ever had, the meat is flavorful and moist with focus on the pork. What I really was craving was the grilled corn, it was covered in cheese, chili and butter/cream. I enjoyed it but wish it had a little more lime touch.
The so-so about La Calaca Feliz
The squash blossom enchilada was average in my opinion...maybe that's because I wanted something different and I am not super familiar with squash...I liked the chili verde which accompanies the dish but the squash didn't really do anything for me. 
Overall I enjoyed my meal/experience at La Calaca Feliz...I will certainly be back to try more tacos and the tortilla soup.Great place with great food and decor. 
It fills up fast so make reservations, if they take them, or get there early.
The guac is great. El pastor tacos were great. 
Avoid the fish tacos though, they were heavily breaded and probably should've been lighter. The plantain sides with cheese were delicious as well. Great attentative service.I've had wonderful nachos at several La Calaca Feliz happy hours, and excellent tacos, tlayudas, guacamole, and to-die-for tortilla soup during many dinner visits.  The common thread is always a delicious margarita, or perhaps two.Having grown up in Mexico I found some of the food lacking. Definitely do not get the  tortilla soup. The chicken was either undercooked or heavily processed. It was like rubber, the mystery meat in the Campbell's can is better. The fish tacos were good but deep fried, not authentic by any means. The chicken tacos were good and a little more traditional, though the tortillas are better on 8th st. The arrachera was tasteless and did not have the traditional sides. The guacamole was good but very to much lemon the chips were good and the tortilla helping was generous. The servers were very nice though the food came out slowly. The margaritas are very strong and the churro ice cream and mango sorbet were good, though not home made.  The prices were very very fair, so if you want a decent Mexican that is going towards authentic and you are in the neighborhood, then stop by. Otherwise find out where the taco truck is stopping next and head there.Uh oh, am I seeing things or does this place actually serve REAL Mexican food in Philly? I went here on a date last Thursday night and was very impressed! The decor of this establishment was modern, yet also had an old Southwestern/Mexican feel to it. Their "Carnitas Taco" comes dangerously close to the street tacos I used to eat down in Mexico and their guacamole dip....words alone can't describe how amazing it tastes! To accompany my meal, I also had a bottle of good ol' Mexican coke oh and also some tasty chipotle salsa dip! So why the 4 stars and not 5 stars? Well, since I'm a huge fan of spicy flavors, I was let down by how mild their salsas were! I even asked the helpful waitress whether she had something "spicier" and came back with habanero salsa. Hot right? Wrong! Ha! Ha! They must've mixed in a dash of habanero in there or something, because the spiciness wore off after 2-3 dips with their excellent tortilla chips (is this an East Coast thing?). Another aspect I must mention is, their dessert selection wasn't so great. Where's the Flan? Oh and one more thing, their tacos are not huge, as some previous reviewers have stated, I was still hungry afterwards!We came here with friends for our first dinner in Philly. Our friends raved about it and we're always up for Mexican, so we thought it was a slam dunk. It wasn't, but it wasn't an air ball either - somewhere in between.
I really like the space. We wanted to sit outside on their lovely patio, but there wasn't space for a party our size. Instead, we say in a large booth in the back corner. All of our dinner companions frequent the place and were quite friendly with the staff. Everyone was so nice, that it's truly disappointing that I can't like it more than I do. 
To start, I went with the three chile margarita; I actually had two and they were my favorite thing about my meal. Sweet, spicy and delicious. Manfriend and I ordered the hamachi ceviche to split as our starter. It was good, but for the price, I thought the portion was scant.
For our main, our entire table ordered the fish tacos. They were so hyped, it seemed silly to go with anything else. The tacos were fine, not my favorites by a stretch. The amount of fish in each taco was generous, but the flavors fell flat. I was gobsmacked that they charge $14 for two tacos; just two tacos, not rice, beans or anything else. To accompany our dinner, we ordered  rice and beans, sweet plantains, and chochoyotes. Of the three, the sweet plantains are the only item I'd order again. The rice and beans were average; not bad and not remarkable. I was intrigued by the chochoyotes or Mexican gnocchi; the dish is ok, but missing something that would make the flavors really pop. It felt kind of like an odd menu pairing, like I'd just ordered a side of Italian food to go with my tacos. Maybe if the flavors had more of a latino flair, I'd feel differently. The plantains were the star; so delicious, these I would order again without hesitation.
Bottom line, I left feeling like I dropped an above average amount of money on a very average meal.La Calaca is a great mexican restaurant in the fun area of Fairmont. I will say I would advise taking an uber or public transportation there as it is very difficult to find parking in that area. Also definitely make a reservation as the place is always packed. Their fish tacos are delicious and their margaritas are great too. I got a blood orange one. I am giving this review a 4 and not 5 because for some items on the menu not everything in the dish is listed. We got an ice cream sundae and there were pumpkin seeds on the sundae but this was not listed, so we were unaware until it arrived. Had it been listed we would have asked for the sundae without it.So I was really looking forward to going to Calaca Feliz, because of how very fond I am of Taqueria Feliz in Manayunk. My experience there started as we waited by the bar to be seated. I noticed a funky smell, like garbage or dirty dishes. I then noticed that people were coming up and down the steps out of the basement, but the smell really permeated the rest of the area.
After being brought into the dining room I was very impressed by the large murals on the walls and the overall decor. The space was very nice to look at with plenty of natural light and a skylight. The service was fine, nothing really to complain about.
Food
We ordered the Nachos with brisket. The nachos at Taqueria Feliz are awesome, so I assumed these would be awesome. I was a bit disappointed at how the Nachos were layered though. It seemed as though someone took a big pile of tortilla chips and just threw a bunch of cheese and stuff on top leaving 50 percent of the tortilla chips completely bare. In my book that is a cardinal nacho sin. All those poor chips left uneaten.
For dinner I ordered the fried chicken tacos. Which is either a new item or was recently removed based on the websites current dinner menu. This being said the tacos were fine, I was disappointed because the sauce they put on it was so sweet that you couldn't even taste the chicken at all. Couldn't taste the breading or the chicken. The sauce while tasty did not complement the chicken well.
The other person I was with got the grilled chicken mole. I did not try it, but it looked good. My friend said the chicken was well cooked, but that the mole was a bit too sweet for their liking. They also gave her a bowl of rice and beans which was actually surprisingly quite good for a simple bowl of rice and beans.
Overall everything was fine, I think I just had really high expectations going in. Truth be told though, if this was my first experience and I did not have a history with the other restaurant, I would probably be meh about returning. I will probably return because it is right down the street from my sister's place and I want to give them a second chance. Many of the items on the menu were adventurous enough that I'm sure there are some hits in there.