While this La Colombe was not great, it was pretty good for airport food. 
First, they have a wide variety of breakfast foods including bagels, muffins, pastries and breakfast sandwiches. They also have a variety of drinks including smoothies, juices and coffees. 
Today, I decided to order an everything bagel with cream cheese, a blueberry tart and a blueberry smoothie. 
All of the food was above average, but nothing was amazing. The only thing I was truly disappointed with, was the smoothie. It was made fresh, but was just not good. 
The staff was the best thing about this place. They were very kind and polite. They also kept the very long line moving fast. 
Since this restaurant is a La Colombe, you can expect it to be expensive. Just my breakfast cost $25. 
Altogether, this restaurant is nothing special, but pretty good for an airport.The delicious smell of their toasted everything bagel lured me in even though I wasn't hungry at all. I was so excited by how delicious it smelled! When I got the bagel, had hardly any toppings and was dry and crumbly. So sad. What a let down. I know it's just an airport kiosk, but I can think of a lot of better options for $6xI was looking for a healthy option in the airport without meat and happened upon La Colombe.  It's a take out only and seemed to have the longest line in the terminal.  A lot of people were ordering the coffee which smelled great so I ordered an espresso. I was already sufficiently caffeinated but could t resist as they were hand packing the fresh espresso shots.  
For breakfast they offered two options that looked appealing to me, the "avocado toast" or the "Farmers Veggie" (eggs, peppers, onions, sprouts, tomato pesto on seeded wheat).  I ordered the Farmers Veggie and paid.  After waiting 10 minutes I asked the cashier how much longer and she looked at my receipt and shouted to the person operating the microwave/toaster "I need a farmers veggie"!  Miraculously, my sandwich was quickly made and handed to me in under 2 minutes.  Was it a great sandwich?  Not at all, but it was super tasty and I would order it again.  It wasn't quite as I pictured from the description as the peppers and onions were incorporated with the scrambled egg and there were barely any sprouts and the tomato pesto was tomato paste, but overall it worked well.  I have to say the espresso was really good and apparently they are known for their coffee.  Overall, this is a good bet for a decent grab and go breakfast if you're in terminal E at PHLRoasted right - the espresso had a toasty yet complex taste and the flavor lingered nicely in my mouth - much more than I expected from airport coffee and at a reasonable price! Although I've seen their canned products for some time, I was excited to try their coffee live for the first time. The coffee came out pretty quickly given how long the line was. I would definitely stop through again on my next trip through PHL.They call this their dark roast, Corsica.  Just really thin cup of coffee.  No character with hints of South Side Philly and the bitter disappointment of the 76ers.They put sugar in my "healthy" açaí bowl. I am on a dairy free, low sugar diet. Now I have a horrible headache from eating it. My bowl barely had enough fruit at all- it was mostly just açaí. The girls who work there are not very professional and spend most of their time being loud and goofing around. Could've been better.It does not get better then La Colombe. They recently opened a bigger and better shops scattered around the airport. I recommend the espresso- simple coffee prepared they waybit should be. Also the Ham and butter on baguette is wonderful.The Cortado was eventually good. Mine was served lukewarm, which the barista happily corrected. I added an almond croissant on the second go round, which was a little doughy. This item should be flaky, crispy, light and airy, with a little soft almond mixture in the center, or none at all.Delicious coffee and reasonably priced especially for an airport coffee shop. Their breakfast and lunch sandwiches look delicious and actually healthy. Next JetBlue flight we'll plan for breakfast at La Colombe.If you're rushing through the airport and need a break-fast.... La Colombe coffee got you covered!! Coffee, tea, water, breakfast sandwiches.  Conveniently located & a friendly staffThe service and cafe latte were excellent. The tomato mozzarella sandwich and chocolate croissant were also very good. The sandwich was generously sized and fresh. Nice set of options for adults and kids. Exceeded expectations for an airport quick food pick-up!Quick wait in line, but my croissant (might be a day old) was dry and tasteless (not the first time (hear).  Making things worse was the 20 minutes waiting for a latte.  For a busy airport location like this with no other coffee places nearby, they need to do a better job of serving quicker.  Maybe add another espresso machine...The line is always long in the morning but so worth the wait. I've tried the Avocado toast and Turkey and Egg white breakfast sandwich. I'm sure other items on the menu are as amazing as those options. The coffee is also delicious. I just wish they were on the Grab App. It would make it easier to order when you are on the go. Please come to South Florida and give Panera and Starbucks some competition.So happy the airport finally got a La Colombe! As a frequent traveler, coffee is key to seamless travel and la colombe is top notch. Clean space and friendly barista! Best cafe in the airport.Cute coffee spot right after the TSA pre-check line. I'm not sure why the reviews are so bad but if you want a quick breakfast and a good coffee, this place is money. They have two coffees on draft, a latte and a pure black. I had the pure black draft paired with an açaí bowl. The açaí bowl was a little runny but had delicious authentic flavor - just like the açaí I fell in love with in Brazil! Definitely recommend this place!PHL airport location. This place is a rip off.  Bacon egg croissant.  ONE slice of bacon. Automatically added tip.  Staff is rude and condescending   Food is not fresh - microwaved to death.  Last time I try this place - frequent PHL traveler.  Rude staff.Don't order here if you are in any kind of rush.  My wife ordered a fruit bowl, and so did several others after us.  After waiting 10 minutes, the girl brought over 3 to the counter and proceeded to drop one.  Of course she dropped the one my wife ordered.  We then waited another 10 minutes and had to go as our plane was boarding.  Tried to eat a refund, but they have a self checkout kiosk and needed to go back to La Colombre to get a new ticket.  The whole no time was lost on these people.  Will never eat here nor do I recommend for my worst enemy.Adorable! Long line and rightfully so: I felt right at home with the organic, "California-esque" breakfast that was offered, complete with macha to macarons, avocado to acai.
I opted for the breakfast sandwich on a croissant that included egg and bacon. Also, my go-to Iced, Vanilla Latte was excellent. 
A Staffer will call out to each person for their order and get it started right away. Once you get to the cashier, she will print out the receipt with the bar code for you to pay at the convenience area that faces La Colombe.
You can pay there first at risk of not hearing your order or wait for your order to be called out then pay. There is plenty of seating in the area with chargers to eat your food or sip on that coffee.
All in all, a good experience, and if it was in LA, I'd go back again!It was nice to see La Colombe at PHL outside of Terminal B.  Surprisingly, for an airport location, it seemed to have the same quality and service as any of the other locations. The food looked appealing and fresh, the coffee was fresh, and the staff were really quite nice! 
The only thing I didn't appreciate was that I ordered by drip coffee from one person, was rung up and given a receipt by a second person, and then sent to a self checkout station. Essentially, I waited in three lines. There has to be some efficiency built into this process at such a busy location in the airport.New location in Philadelphia airport. A great roaster and barista did an awesome job, they know coffee.  Prices were average. Didn't try the baked goods but they looked good. Regular and caramel lattes were on point.Even with no line, come here if you want to miss your flight. Slow would be a compliment since they'll likely forget your order altogether.There is a sign that says best coffee in PHL...  Wow this is the worst coffee ever as well as worst place in the airport.  Coffee grounds in the coffee, can't get simple order plain bagel with plain cream cheese correct, lady behind the register says she rather be at home, (you are lucky to have a job)...  The other two employees can not even smile.  They look like they do not even want to be there either by their attitudes...Everything about the Terminal E La Colombe is awful. I will summarize succinctly. 
1) Slow - Not enough baristas + bottleneck at the end of the line = 15 minutes for coffee
2) The Draft Latte is NOT the same quality as the draft latte at the La Colombe locations in the city. It's dramatically different (and also $1.25 more expensive)
3) Avocado Toast = disappointing. Even layered with tomatoes and feta and microgreens, it involved the least tasty avocados I have ever eaten. For $10.25, also a disappointment. 
Not to sound too basic, but I really can't even.Basically the only breakfast place open in the area in terminal A early in the morning. I had high expectations because of how nice the counter displays were. Pretty disappointed with my experience over all. I got a plain bagel with veggie cream cheese. The bagel was not fresh at all and barely toasted. My cappuccino was fine. Overall not worth the money.Terminal E
Who makes spicy and sour avocado toast?? It looks pretty at first glance but you'll notice there are chili flakes on the toast and they must have gone overboard with the lime juice in the avocado and the bread. My brain and tongue were super confused.
Also very long wait times. Would not recommend this place if you're in a rush to catch a flight.
Gave an extra star for the hot chocolate, which was perfectly good.The lines were short for La Colombe Coffee, so I popped in line because,  I Just had to have a last cup of American coffee before I boarded my plane out of the country.  
Lines were relatively short, and service was fast.  No complaints.  I should have bought something to eat to take on the plane, but was being rushed, so I didn't have time to wait.
I Would definitely order another coffee here, if I'm ever in the Philly airport.Late opening and not looking forward to the longer wait for breakfast. Quality coffee and food but ALWAYS a long wait to get food and drink. Owners need to resolve this issue because it's consistently an issue.This cafe in the airport is a welcome addition as you have more choice than the usual Starbucks or Dunkin. The coffee is above average but the iced mocha lacked enough chocolate flavor. 
The checkout process is quirky. When you place the order they print out a barcode which you have to take to another station, where you checkout yourself. Why add an extra step? It's not speeding up anything.Be careful with your bill. Ordered two coffee and got charged three. The cashier noticed the issue but didn't say anything until we found out.La Colombe is a fabulous addition to PHL airport Terminal E! If I remember it correctly, there's only one Starbucks near Terminal B in PHL and it's hard to find good tasting coffee if your flight is not in Terminal B. Now here comes La Colombe, a beloved local coffee shop brand of Philly. While flying SouthWest in Terminal E, I can enjoy gourmet coffee and choose from a selection of high-quality breakfast items. 
I was able to have a cup of almond milk matcha latte (much better than the sweetened green tea latte from Starbucks) and an egg white turkey sausage sandwich without cheese (because I'm lactose sensitive) before my early flight! The price is within regular airport dining range, slightly more expensive than their coffee shops in the city. Nevertheless, their freshly-made breakfast sandwiches are way better than those from Starbucks.We bought a turkey sandwich yesterday at the airport based on a display that showed a great looking sandwich with a lot of thickly sliced turkey.  When we opened the sandwich on our flight there was no resemblance to the display.  One slice of thinly sliced turkey--horrible tasting.  And they charged $9.50 for it.  Totally deceptive marketing.  Do not go there.This is the best espresso and coffee that you will find at the airport.  Life is too short - why bother if it's not exquisite. That's why I only go here for espresso. How do they get all that flavor into such a tiny cup. Seriously small cup big flavor.One of the worst sandwiches ever.  $10 for chicken salad that was so salty it was inedible. No other items like lettuce and tomato or cheese.  I will say the baguette was excellent. Fresh and chewy. Won't ever do back here.  Worst ever. Better getting a sandwich on the plane.The draft latte is full of foam. Be aware when you try to order it. But the waitress switched a back for me. The coffee is good.Minus a star because of the long line. They really should have a full cafe to better serve the number of customers and represent the city. But the coffee was amazing and the service was quick and polite, as I've come to expect from the brand. Huge selection of canned draft lattes and shandies. Wish I'd grabbed one for the road...Service is crappy, but they keep the line going fast. So crappy but efficient. I'm not complaining because better to be fast at an airport! There are many coffee selections and some food ones too. I didn't get food because nothing seemed that appetizing but they did have lots of yogurts available so that was nice. Generally a wide variety of menu items such as breakfast sandwiches, Avo toast, bagels, etc. I'd probably opt for the baked goods and draft lattes next time. I had an iced americano with almond milk, definitely up to par with La C standards so nothing to complain about here, got my coffee so happy customerPrices high... ordered a banana nut muffin ..... I did eat it cause I was starving but it was like eating sand soooo dryRequested Plain toasted bagel with lox and cream cheese, after fairly long wait, received untoasted multigrain bagel, oozing with tons of cream cheese, filled with capers and a one teeny bite of lox.  Very bland and messy.  Save your money.The workers were very nice, but the coffee was very disappointing. My draft black coffee tasted very watered down.Considering this is an airport location, they moved the lines pretty fast. It's not on the menu but they do have almond milk for those who are lactose intolerant and they also had sugar free vanilla. Oh and by the way, the coffee is great!Overall I was happy. Somewhat tasty sandwich and an Americano. The Americano was made with care.The coffee wasn't that great but they made me an amazing avocado sandwich. It was fresh and well made. A good surprise as this was at Philadelphia airport.Really nice selection of pastries, breakfast sandwiches and more. I opted for the avocado toast, and it did not disappoint. Three baguette slices with a generous amount of avocado as well as sliced tomatoes, micro greens, feta crumbles and a sprinkle of red pepper.  Very good!  If you're not a fan of red pepper, you may want to have them leave it off.  Customer service was efficient while still being friendly.Not your average coffee, I like the option that they have of pure black coffee (in a can), not every coffee company offers this option. The only other that I've seen having cold espresso in a can is ILLY, but they are rare in US at least. Yes, don't forget the bakery, too.I rolled into PHL from a 6am flight, feeling a little feral and needing food & caffeine. Was pretty difficult to decide between the food options; I was impressed with the variety. 
I settled on a farmhouse sandwich (or farmer's sandwich?) which I ordered in a haze. It is easily the best airport breakfast sandwich I've had in recent memory. Baked eggs + veg on a fresh wheat seedy bun, with this really nice tomato sauce. I've tried to find the exact contents of the sandwich on the website so I can replicate it but they must keep things pretty unique store to store, and I like that. 
Coffee is also good. Medium roast is fresh and hot. 
Lastly, shout out to the staff. I should go back and tip them. Very friendly and the cashier had the patience of a saint as I watched her taking orders from a lady that asked 100 questions about the origins of the flax seed etc. 
Nice work all around. Sets bar for quality of airport coffee experiences. Go here and not Starbucks.Complete disaster of a process this morning.  Waited in line for 10 minutes then after placing order waited another 20 minutes to receive breakfast items.  They need better onsite management and a smoother flow.  It is a complete mess of an operation.I had time to waste while waiting for my flight to Atlanta.There was a powerful aroma of freshly roasted coffee at La Colombe, and it caught my attention. I ordered the Iced Caramel Latte, and it was fantastic. It was light on the caramel flavor and strong on the coffee flavor. This made it much more enjoyable for me as I prefer iced lattes to be made that way.I got a draft latte on tap. It was 100% foam what a waste of 5 dollars and a way to turn me off of a once great coffee company. I would suggest waiting for the airplane coffee. Better service and better coffee.How much air do you put into the nitro lattes? This is what it looks like 5 minutes and two small sips later. It's a great drink but I paid 5 bucks for about 3-4 oz of actual drink. Thats all I got but apparently my review has to be longer in order to be published.....
I got played!This is typically my favorite coffee place but the airport location doesn't have some of the items that make la columbe, la columbe. No draft latteLa Colombe is my terminal B go-to. Hell, it's even my go-to from terminal A. Ironically, I don't go there a ton in Philly, but it's great to have a local place represented in the airport.
I prefer the location in terminal B over terminal A because of the açaí bowls. My regular order is the moco loco bowl and a black draft coffee. 
For the terminal B location, you can pay at their stand if you are strictly buying their stuff. If you want to buy a water or additional items, they'll give you a receipt to scan at the self check. 
La Colombe makes early mornings in the airport just a little more tolerable.If you really want to have Philly rudeness at 5am in the morning. Line up at Terminal D at one of the longest lines with no smile, and the feeling that the entire staff has woken up on the wrong side of the bed. This is the worst example of what La Colombe Coffee is about and I fly a lot so this is exemplary of Philly attitude at its finest. One fellow behind me asked if they had milk or yogurt. And the woman snapped back, "What are you saying? I don't understand." He repeated himself, "Do you have milk or yogurt." She huffed, "It's at the counter." As I ordered my Blended Cappuccino I saw the server take gum out of his mouth and then pick his nose and then serve me a half blended drink which was half filed with rock hard ice. When I asked for a receipt the woman behind the register was annoyed and said, "You didn't ask for a receipt." As if it was my fault to get a receipt after a normal food transaction.
Honestly, the people in front of me had the right idea when they asked, "What kind of sandwiches do you have?" "Just so you know we have no bagels just croissants," she said impatiently. "That's okay we don't want anything." and the couple abruptly left. I should have taken a cue from them and done the same.
If you want La Colombe coffee done right go to Center City. This store is an imposter!Well don't waste $3 on what appears to be a delicious banana nut muffin at 6:30am. The presentation is appealing but the muffin is so dry I could not eat it. It's early people. Was this left over from last week?  I know a lot of people have reduced their traveling considerably but for those of us who must fly during Covid-19 it would be nice to provide fresh food in terminal A considering you are the only food establishment open! Other than that the coffee is good and the woman behind the counter provided excellent service today 3/21/20. Please discard the stale muffins !They're using the virus as an excuse to tack on a 10% "tip".  Owners: your crap airport food is already overpriced, you don't need to use a global pandemic as a scapegoat to rip people off further.Cute little coffee shop. But the customer service was beyond unacceptable, no patients towards customers, no proper customer service training, no welcome greetings but "what do you want." Long nails, with long hair with no hair nets, cleaning supplies present by the coffee machine. Just unwelcoming store.Best coffee and breakfast options at the airport.  The egg white breakfast sandwich is surprisingly tasty.Lots of cool choices, but super slow service and sub-standard product. Ordered one of the specials, matcha latte. Tasted a little bitter, but thought it was just because it was unsweetened. Open the cup to discover a golf ball sized clump of matcha powder. Yum.Bought a muffin. It was easily 2-3 days old. Was already on my plane. So disappointing!I ordered the Almond Tea Matcha Latte and chocolate croissant.  Because I am a big fan of matcha, matcha latte was little bit too light for me, but chocolate croissant was so good , taste better after warm it upMost disgusting lox bagel I've ever had. Globs of cream cheese (observe exhibit A) and not toasted, nicely BURNT around the edges. Who would disrespect bagels and cream cheese like this? Save yourself the overpriced garbage that this is. Go elsewhere.They charge $5 for a draft latte and then have the audacity to pour it over a full cup of ice - total rip off!  Draft latte is not meant to be served on ice. You're better off buying a can, maybe you'll get more than 3 sips of coffee.The staff is always so nice! And it doesn't hurt that their lattes taste delicious. It is a bit expansive but so are other franchises ‍. My favorite is their iced French vanilla latte.Order. Walk somewhere else to pay. Come back for food. Makes no sense. And not very friendly service.Anytime I see a smaller coffee chain, I take it over Starbucks any day. I asked the barista what was good and she was full of suggestions. She recommended the latte and the Santa Fe Chicken sandwich which was out. I got the Italian sandwich instead, which didn't disappoint. The sandwich was perfectly toasted, with melted cheese, meat and spinach, that hit the spot after a night of flying. And the custom latte she made was phenomenal. Thank you again!!!We had checked in to our flight and everything, and this was one of the nearest places to eat. Chickie and Pete's was around the corner, but this seemed like a healthier/cleaner option, so we opted for it. Plus, we'd tried the coffee before (draft lattes from the grocery store) and enjoyed that.
We got a draft latte, which tasted pretty good, albeit not sweetened like the ones you get in the can. For food, we ordered a sandwich that I don't remember the description of - it was so bland! It seemed like none of the ingredients were showing up when we took each bite. I'm glad we got food from a different spot that tasted much better!
Probably fine for coffee and such, but the food is a waste of money.Last night, 3/25 around 6pm, I ordered a large iced latte at your PHL airport terminal C location. When I drank it, it tasted fine. At around 645, I had the worst case of food poisoning I've had in recent years, including diarrhea, nausea, heavy vomiting. I assume it's from bad milk which was used in the latte, I had nothing else with my latte. This continued on well into the night, early morning and currently. I need you to fix this please. I've never had anything bad happen at this location, I visit them about once a week, it's the best coffee in the airport but this is an awful experience.Nice ham baguette, good bread and a ton of ham........ but man did it take ages to arrive. Lots of frustrated folks as they mixed up orders. At least 3 people behind me got their food before me and I ordered an I toasted ham sandwich, no other fillings. The least complex thing on the menu. Trouble is, Philadelphia airport is a dump and this is the only decent place........Excellent little take out window/booth with a small selection of bakery products and salads to take with your drink. There were a good selection of coffee, latte, expresso to choose from, I've never heard of this brand but looked as good as Starbucks so decided to give it a try. 
Did some research and found out it's a local coffee roaster company, really enjoyed a solid cup of regular coffee with cream and sugar while waiting for my flight. Highly recommend over McDonald's coffee. Just as good and slightly cheaper than starbucksBreakfast sandwich was very good, fresh and clean tasting.  You have many other sandwich options to choose from, as well as drinks. (Juices,pop,coffee) Pastries are available and they are very tasty.Took them a while to make 1 açaí bowl but glad this locations more than other locations like smoothies and pastries.(4) ~ very good overall for Airport options;)
MENU:
** Draft Latte = (5) Excellent!  My only complaint was the Nitrogen created so much Foam that by the time I got back to my seat the Foam had all but disappeared leaving only a half full cup of glass of Draft Latte left and I hadn't even taken a sip yet?!LOL
* Avocado Toast(w. egg) = (3.75) Good & Filling, but I'll probably replace the Feta Cheese with more tomatoes;)
* Berry Blast Smoothie = (3.5) goodLa Colombe
8500 Essington Ave, Philadelphia PA 19153 (AKA Philly Airport)
October 17, 2021 Sunday - 7:15 AM for breakfast before my flight
1 Adult
Atmosphere - 4 stars
Food - 2 stars
Service - 1 stars
Background - Time to head home after my business trip via the Philly airport.  There must be half dozen of these La Colombe pastry coffee shops in the airport.
Atmosphere - I passed several La Colombe on my way to Gate A12.  Typical fast food stall in an airport or mall.  Walk up and get in line to place your order.  While in line you can grab a cold drink and view all their pastries and sandwiches.
Food
  Coffee - I had a medium Mocha, not a large as that was not an option on the menu board.  Probably a good thing that the large was not an option as the coffee tasted watered down.  Almost as if when you are kid and put the hot chocolate packet on top and do pour job stirring the packet into the milk.  Overpowering goodness fading quickly to blah, that was my coffee today.
  Breakfast sandwich - Like I said you get to walk pass their display case and I saw the Philly Special.  After seeing the Philly I changed my mind from what I was going to select from the board, the Egg White Sandwich.  I was denied the Philly Special, as they were out.  So back to my original idea of the Egg White Sandwich, which comes with a sausage patty and eggs on a multigrain bread.  After finishing my order, the cashier informed me they were out of multigrain bread and my sandwich will be made with a croissant.  Strike two just on my sandwich, and I did not feel like finding a third choice.  I am not a big fan of croissants but the ones in the display case looked soft and flaky. The way you would want your croissant to be.  My croissant was flatten to death and over buttered, making for oily messy hands after finishing the sandwich.  Glad I grabbed extra napkins.
Service - The cashier, must have been a supervisor or manager.  But no customer service skills.  Walked away from me multiple times to explain to the staff what they were doing wrong.  So when you run out of item from the display case, remove it, so people like me do not try to order the item.  You run out the Philly Special and Multigrain bread at 7:15 in the morning, what time did you open?  Seems like poor stocking of items for today's breakfast rush.  Simple things make a big difference in the customer satisfaction.
Clearly the business in not proud of their airport locations as the website is missing this information.
Future - At this point Dunkin might be a better choice for a quick bite at the Philly airport.
Milestone - 29 states, and 6 countries with my reviews, and my first in Pennsylvania.  Hopefully more.Going guns blazing during COVID times. Hot coffee and fresh pain au chocolat plus more hearty breakfast items.So, we were thrilled to find out that one of our favorite coffee shops had opened in the PHILADELPHIA airport.  Long and short, very disappointing.  Beverages were of course La Colombe beans, but they were in-artfully made. Difference between a latte and a cappuccino were....none. Pastries, if you were expecting the lovely in house made ones...nope. Commercial bagels (dry) and an almond croissant...made sometime long before the day we bought it. This is perhaps the most evident outcome of the venture cap funding that took the founders  to a minority position.  Quality is just not there at these locations.La Colombe is great outside of the airport. Unfortunately, I ordered a draft latte here and received a cup full of coffee foam with very little actual coffee. The foam quickly started to deflate and left me with only a few sips. At almost $6/cup, I will wait until I am out of the airport next time.Every time I'm at the airport, I dread the food because I know it's just going to be okay.  I tried the La Colombe Coffee Tomato Mozzerella with Pesto sandwich and it was very flavorful.  I really didn't expect that from airport food.  I asked for the sandwich to be toasted and I had to wait for it, so don't order this sandwich toasted, if you are in a rush.  If you have time do it!I just love La Colombo Coffee so much! Airport or not, it is great coffee. I also love their bare bowl açaí bowl. It's pretty good and a healthy alternative option.Slow
Overpriced 
$16
2 small coffees and 2 old stale muffins!!
I get it airport food isn't cheap BUT!!!
Still should be edibleMy go to spot for coffee whenever I land here and even if the line is long it moves pretty fast!!! So do not let it deter you.  The staff works hard to ensure the line is moving quickly because they understand that time is of the essence. 
The coffee is always consistent and the pastries are always fresh and delightful!! They have a wife variety of eats along with drip, draft and espresso coffee drinks.
The Apple Crumb Tart was a good choice.  The crust was strong enough to hold the filling to the point that when you bite into it, you don't have to worry about it falling apart!! Not to mention it was delicious. 
Prices are aligned with the fact that they are in the airport. Coffee is extra hot so ask for a double cup!Located in Terminal A and B, this place has an avocado toast that is off the hook! Service is excellent, and the staff is pretty nice especially on the B side. I come here when I need my avocado fix. It's tasty and truly ridiculous. They put feta cheese, cherry tomatoes, sprouts and other edible things on top. You can even add an egg if you want! But I wish they'd make different versions. I've had avocado toasts in other places where they put cucumber, chervil, lime, hazelnuts, salmon, spicy carrots, crème fraîche, sorrel, and za'atar. But isn't that the entire point of ordering avocado toast these days? I shoot a dozen pics. I'm pretty sure one will slay on my Instagram.