Cool decor and set up. Friendly service, but for Mexican street food, a bit steep in cost. 2 tacos for $11? Add shrimp on a salad for $7? Our burrito and tacos tasted good, the free salsa was a bit bland. I'll check out reviews first next timeBelow averse tasting Mexico food. Menu was somewhat limited. Service was fast and friendly and prices are inexpensive.Friday nights are awesome. I can't speak to food, but bar tending staff, live music, and sangria all scored 5 stars. White sangria was unreal- don't skip this. We left take out boxes from other restaurant and bar tender ran it across the street before we got in our Uber. Thanks again!!!After some furniture shopping on a rainy Saturday, we ducked into La Roca for some tacos around 3pm. The place was kinda dead save for 4 guys drinking at the bar, so it would've been nice if the bartender was a little more attentive but the food more than made up for it.
Got some pico, wings, and tacos and everything was tasty. My personal favorite were the pork/pineapple tacos, but the steak/chimichurri were also tasty. Worth a visit!This place is solid. .
I like that it has more on it's menu then the traditional taco joint, including a Mexican hotdog (friend with bacon, poblanosand aoli... Delish!) And solid guac as well. 
Service has been good the three times I came. And while my one complaint is that it's tacos are a pit pricy ($8-11 for two) there are solid specials most days of the week that help, and a happy hour that is pretty good!
As for the building, it's surprisingly large with two bars (one upstairs, one downstairs) as well as plenty of dining options (street facing tables, downstairs high tops, and a large patio/deck on the upper level). 
Overall a solid choice, if not a cheap one. Also the salsa and chips is great. That salsa...
Margaritas are also on point!Consuming the blandest guacamole I've ever had ($11) resulted in us leaving after the pitcher of decent/not disgusting margarita was finished. Why can't the old school Union Taco still exist? Manayunk needs decent Mexican food other than Taqueria Feliz!Had a great time here last night. 
The house margarita is good, even better if you add guava. I THINK they have mojitos but they're not on the menu so that was confusing.
Ordered the tostones to start and they were SO GOOD!! Great flavor and texture. I'd go back just for them. Super spicy if you leave the pepper on top-just a warning. 
Chips and salsa were great- both salsas were delicious but I'm obsessed with the green one. 
For our mains I got the squash tacos and the hubs got the fried hot dog small plate. Hubs said the hotdog was difficult to describe but he ate the whole thing.... so.... The squash tacos were great but the tacos are so small (especially for a place that advertises that they have larger tacos 'for real humans') and you only get 2!Great new mexican spot in Manayunk. Margaritas on draft and great happy hour specials. Guacamole and tacos were delicious. Wings were good too - a little different as they were dry rubbed with a cilantro sauce on the side. Some of the best food on Main street and definitely worth a visit!I finally decided to give la roca a try, I admit I'm a Mexican food junkie. I have to say I was a pretty disappointed. Our waitress wasn't tentative and then asked us to pay at the bar which I thought was odd. They have happy hour but don't advertise it. They really should have a written happy hour menu. My friend had been to La Roca before and said last time she ordered 2 tacos which were $2 each at happy hour. We were told this time it was a minimum of 4 tacos to get the happy hour price the chicken and carnitas were the only ones included in the happy hour deal. I do have to say the chicken tacos were really good but the carnitas could be more flavorful. The elotes were also good. I dont think I'll come back here though due to our service and experience. Our waitress didn't even seem knowledgeable about what was on the happy hour, I'm sure there was more food other than the $2 tacos for happy hour but that's what she told us. It's a shame because I really wanted to like this place because I live so close and love Mexican food.We stopped in here on a beautiful Sunday afternoon and couldn't believe how dead it was. It was our first time trying this restaurant. Our waiter was very nice and attentive! We didn't order drinks because we just stopped in for a quick lunch. We decided on the $11 guacamole and the chicken tacos. We also each ordered a side, I got the Mexican Street Corn and my fiancé ordered black beans. Guacamole came out first and I was really disappointed in the size for such a high price! It was such a small bowl and definitely not enough for 2 people and not worth $11. The chicken tacos were okay but the chicken was pretty dry and I was hoping for more toppings. Street corn was good but it came on the cob, just FYI (some places serve it in a cup so that's what I was expecting). The black beans came out and they looked like refried beans so we aren't sure what was going on there. Despite the good service, we just felt like this place was overpriced and the food wasn't very good. We won't be returning.Amazing food! Great atmosphere! We recieved the best service from laila the bartender she made our experience extra special. We will definitely go back.I definitely recommend checking this place out...the food was delish and they give you chips and salsa! Always a plus in my book. I got the pork and pineapple tacos and the pork was not dry at all! My group and I sat at the bar and the bartender gave us great service which was pretty impressive because she handled the people at the bar and the tables. She recommended drinks for us...we got the margarita and the Paloma - both really good and not at all like watered down! She had platinum short hair and an awesome accent too so she was just fun to chat with. She told us about the different happy hour specials so I would definitely be back!The margaritas here are amazing! Awesome food and great customer service. The bartender Nick was very friendly and provided prompt and courteous service. Will definitely be returning and highly recommend this place.Who Has ever heard of re-fried beans? ...  Of course you have - Now  have you ever heard of refried chicken wings? ... Neither has chef Dave at Philly's new La Roca Restaurant & Bar ... calling awe of this incredibly delicious food, made with so much much love ... Mexican? - seems a bit discriminatory!
If you wanna eat some dam good food , check this place out Philly, it will certainly ring your bell ... Excellent  Service, Atmosphere, Food, Drink and of course ATTITUDEMy husband surprised me with take out from here! Everything we had was delicious!! The wings, squash tacos, chicken kale salad, chips and salsa were so good! 
We will be going back very very soon! Highly recommend trying this place!!I had the roast kabocha squash tacos as a snack and they filled me up like it was dinner! To be fair, we had chips & guac as well-don't skip this!! The tacos were on the smaller side, but definitely were filling. They were on two corn tortillas with cubed squash, pepitas, chipotle aioli, and cotija cheese. Every order of tacos is served with a few slices radishes that I like to put in the tacos for a little extra crunch. To drink-I had the Paloma marg and it was definitely on the sweeter side. The server convinced me to get the bigger margarita because it was served in a skull!! Get this drink to split for sure!As far as places on Main Street goes, this place has great seating, open windows, 2 bars and very comfortable setting.  Drinks for happy hour were great and the staff were all really nice.
I think the menu could use some work. Salsa and guacamole to start were good although I think the ratio of salsa to chips were off. We finished the salsa with about 6-8 chips.  We ordered the shredded beef tacos and pineapple pork tacos which were on the small side and 2 per order. They were delicious but pricey compared to Taqueria where you'll get 3 much bigger ones.  We also ordered Mexican hotdog by recommendation by the waitress as "delicious" but I felt it was just ok.  I felt it was something I could make at home.  Lastly the elotes were probably the most disappointing, grilled wonderfully but then rolled in so much cheese we had to shave all the cheese off with a knife. You could hardly taste the corn and felt like biting into a block of cheese. I felt like the kitchen needed to taste things before serving bc I can't imagine that was approved by someone who has actually tasted it.
Overall the place has great potential, we may come back for drinks another day maybe when the menu changes, but looks like Taqueria may win the next few visits.Came here for dinner on a Saturday night with some friends. It was busy and we decided to eat at the bar. The staff was super accommodating and service was quick. We started with drinks and guacamole to share, it was probably the tastiest thing I had. 
For dinner I got the sweet pork tacos and the elote. The first thing I notice when I got my food was how greasy the  tacos were. Additionally, the tacos were not large enough to be an entree so I was very happy I had also ordered the corn. The flavorfull elote made the tacos seems a little bland. 
I would come back on a sunny day and sit out on their porch and grab drinks and appetizers, but I don't think I would return for dinner.This is now our favorite Mexican place. Nick our waiter was great and informative. Everything that came out to our table was good I had a bacon wrapped hot dog I had there Philadelphia burrito we had the dry and wet wings and all of it was great will be going back there very soonLa Roca has popped up recently and I was interested to see how it was. I've heard it replaced Union Taco, which I did not enjoy. Tonite, we ordered some delivery and while overall I'm pleased, there are some concerns.
     First, we went with the wings (dry), the Dolce cerdo (sweet pork) tacos, and the Fat Salito burrito. All of the items were really delicious. Fairly warm when it arrived, the wings were well seasoned, but not particularly smoky. The tacos had a good amount of filling with good flavor. The burrito was large, with nice pieces of pork, though I had a hard time noticing the chicken... the hot dog is a fun addition. Taste was great for everything.
     Now some of the concerns. The menu is a little pricey. Now we were looking at the picture of the menu on the website, but when we actually went to place the order, each item was $1 more on Grubhub. This means 6 wings were $13, the two tacos were $10, and the burrito comes out to a crazy $17. Portions weren't that impressive, and while the burrito was a good size, that's WAY overpriced. To add to that, there was an automatic $3.99 delivery charge added. I did want to include a tip and did 15%, so a burrito, 2 tacos, and 6 chicken wings were about $53. I'm not sure I'd necessarily make it a point to come back at those prices.
     And while I'm not sure how the delivery partnership with Grubhub works, their estimate was pretty off. We ordered at 8:08pm and received a confirmation that it should be 40-50 minutes. Once it hit 9:30 and my wife was concerned, I was getting ready to contact Grubhub. As I was starting a customer service chat, the driver called to say he was down the street. So we were just under 90 minutes.
     I would say the food was delicious and worth giving a try, but be aware of prices that are a bit high and also potentially long delivery times.I ordered the Mariposa burrito to go and the waitress/bartender was very friendly. She went out of her way to attend to me, which was very nice. I wanted to like this place because they are clearly trying hard but unfortunately the burrito was severely lacking... I waited 15 mins at the bar at an off time (2pm) and the burrito was very sub par. They forgot (or neglected to add) black beans and mushrooms in the burrito. The kale that was promised was about 5 pieces of mixed/browned lettuce... and the pico was VERY sparse. It was mostly rice and squash, which I'll admit was tasty but I was expecting some variety in my burrito. For a whopping $14 too. I won't be going back to La Roca for rice and squash wrapped in a non-toasted tortilla. Pretty bummedBest Mexican restaurant bar and grill in town. Great food, great drink selection, and great customer serviceBest Margaritas in Philly! Ask for Boomer! Best bartender!! The happy hour is great from 3-6pm.  The house margarita is great and strong!Stopped here on the mummers parade day in manayunk. They had a really good margarita deal, delicious drink strong too. The interior was really nice, 2 bars, 2 floors. Quick service at the bar, friendly bartenders. Will definitely go back to eat and drink!So me and a couple of friends came and soon as we walked in the atmosphere was so different, we all loved it servers and and all staff was so happy and polite.... I also ordered bunch of things from the menu and everything from the Elote to the Steak taco came out perfect and on time..... This is a must see spot if you are living or visiting philadelphia guys....
Also live music.... We enjoyed our Friday nightFood was excellent! While we only ordered nachos they were some of the best we've had in a very long time! They're cheese and guac are authentic and nachos are baked well. The margaritas are worth the wait at the bar although I was much happier with wine. The only reason I gave a 3 star rating was for the length of time spent waiting to be seated and get just water. Yes it was busy but there were plenty of open seats and once we were sat we weren't provided utensils, water, etc. 
I do want to go back and get a full meal! The nachos were a tease!Outside replacing it at its physical location, La Roca is in no way associated with Union Taco. I repeat, La Roca is not just Union Taco renamed.
A few of us stopped by to give La Roca a bit of a test run a week or two ago.  Things went well enough that I decided to give it a go for a double date this past weekend.  As you can guess from the rating, La Roca delivered some fresh food and should be on its way to locking itself down as a Main Street Manayunk staple.
Focusing on the double date, the four of us started with a pitcher of the traditional La Casa Rita.  The pitcher was large enough to keep us set for our dinner and our waiter kept an eye on our table to ensure we didn't have to pour our own which was a nice bonus.
From there, we grabbed the complimentary chips & salsa (both red and green) and ordered a large Traditional Guacamole (which came with more chips).  While I prefer the green, both salsas are pretty awesome and the guac was solid as well.  We had no chips left by the time out meals arrived.  The large guac gave us plenty to share between the four of us, so smaller groups might consider just ordering the regular.
For mains, we split with our respective dates.  Nataly N and I shared the Ropa Vieja Tostones, Banh Mi Shrimp Tacos, and Vaca Frita Tacos.  The tostones weren't too high on my list, but both sets of tacos were top notch.  I was a little worried that 2 tacos wouldn't quite be filling.  For the shrimp, each came with 3 reasonably sized shrimp and truly tasted like a Banh Mi.  The steak was a nice size for the taco shell and melted in your mouth.  I would recommend both.
Service was more than spot on.  I already mentioned our waiter kept an eye on the drinks.  He also was quick with water refills, suggestions, and clearing plates.  During our meal, one of the owners came out to talk to us a bit about the concept and to get our feedback on our meal - again bonus points for taking the time to get to know your customers.
Two trips thus far have resulted in more than good meals.  I'm looking for more, especially once the deck bar opens up (and Philly weather finally cooperates)!Two friends and I tried this place out last night and we were pretty disappointed. 
First and foremost, how does a Mexican restaurant not give you complimentary chips and salsa? We noticed that immediately and it only went downhill from there. We each ordered a different margarita/frozen drink and while all of them were alright, they certainly weren't special or worth the price tag. They also don't really have a wide selection of margaritas, which I found odd. 
Next we each got an order of tacos and guacamole to split. You'd think paying $11 would at least give you enough guacamole for 3 people to have, but you would be mistaken. The amount we got was equivalent to about 1 & 1/2 chipotle side guacs. Yes, the ones that cost a mere $2. The chips and guac were good, but nowhere near worth $11. The rest of our meal came out and there were two small tacos per order. Two. Very small. I will say, they were excellent but again..... ridiculously overpriced for a small portion. 
On a positive note, the decor and setup of the place is wonderful. The outdoor deck is really cool and the 2 bars with a bunch of TVs seem like a really great setup. But I don't think I could ever see my friends and I coming here again unless they totally revamp their menu and slash the prices. Especially when we have a slightly more reasonable option down the street at Taquiera Feliz.I enjoyed my dining experience from start to finish and I look forward to dining at this great establishment again.These two stars are for the wonderful live music (6/21) but everything else was a disappointment. The bartender was rude and inattentive. Drinks were priced too high for such low quality. We paid $9 for a margarita that was essentially a glass of sour lemonade with too much ice.My sister and I went here on a recommendation from a trusted friend and he did not let us down. Our new favorite spot. High quality, excellent food and cocktails. We were told the house wings were a must and they were delicious, with the right amount of smoke, seasoning and an tasty cilantro blue cheese. I love tequila and mezcal, and was made a drink with mezcal that was off menu that I love.
Atmosphere was nice, although the music was enjoyable, I wish it fit better with the vibe. The staff was attentive and experienced and made great suggestions. For being a new establishment they have done a great job being in sync and operating as a unit. They clearly have experience in delivering quality service and excellent food and drink. 
Highly recommended, just remember in a time where a persons finger tips can set high expectations for others, if you are not present and appreciative of someone preparing and experience and nourishment for you, then you are doing a disservice to yourself and will always be let down. Everything they were able to control was way above average and I look forward to my next experience and enjoying more of the menu.Go see Boomer. If not for him I'd rate this 1 star. Food was ok, drinks were weak. Then "boom". Boomer came on and the party started. Our order was wrong and late, Boomer took care of everything and rescued the night. Thanks for taking care of us.We had the Nachos with pork. They were good. The smoked chicken wings were inedible. Dry-waaayyyy over cooked - basically like trying to eat a tree branch.  The brisket tacos and Shrimp tacos were ok but I was already pissed about the 12.99 inedible chicken wings. 
Menu is not very big. More of a bar than a restaurant. Nothing that had me wanting to go back. 
Service was slow.I'm surprised the overall reviews for this place aren't higher, as I had a great experience here with a group of friends. From our margarita pitcher to the complimentary chips and salsa to our taco entrées, everything was flavorful and well-executed. (Much better than the food quality of its predecessor Union Tacos.) The owner even stopped by our table to welcome us and ask for feedback. 
The chips and salsas tasted fresh and made in-house. The portion was generous. The guacamole also comes with chips, so we ended up with a LOT of chips after getting an order of those. I was also a big fan of the Ropa Vieja Tostones, and both the Banh Mi Srimp tacos and Vacation Frita tacos were delicious. There was a good amount of filling in all tacos and the flavors were well balanced. 
I would definitely come back if I'm in the neighborhood and in the mood for tacos!We went during an advertised "stroll the street" taco trio special. After sitting, the waiter informed us that they were not participating in the special and there were no alternative food specials. They did have a Miller, Hamm, and fireball special. I asked for the only moderately good beer on the menu and the waiter told me that they didn't have it and they didn't have half the beers on the menu. The only available beers were overpriced Coors light, Miller lite, Corona, etc, so I got a margarita. The food is overpriced for what it is. 11/20 for a traditional small/large guacamole (15/28 for another guacamole). I ordered the Illadelph burrito. I don't know what's Philly or burrito about it. It was very big but tastes like a beef onion stew inside a tortilla shell. If that's what you're expecting, then fine, but I expected some cheese at least. With their specials, it just seems like they are trying to pull in a college crowd. The only redeeming quality was the upstairs outdoor deck seating area. Still hoping for a good Mexican place in Manayunk. The existing ones all taste subpar.Very nice upgrade from the former Mexican restaurant.   Service was on point and the food was good.  We had the steak and chicken tacos which both had a lot flavor.  We also had the Huitlacoche guacamole for an app which came with some really nice homemade tortilla chips.The two stars are for the atmosphere and our waitress, which are about the only two things that were positive on our trip to La Roca. 
My husband and I went yesterday for restaurant week. The interior is bright and colorful, with ample seating. We were sat on the second floor overlooking Main Street. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure our drinks were consistently refilled. I also had a white sangria, which was decent. 
We waited for over an hour for our food, which made no sense for what it was. I received chicken skewers, and  two pulled chicken tacos. The tacos were quite dry. My husband got a burrito (that was $16!), which was mostly rice and very bland. 
My dessert was a tres leches cake , which tasted like stale corn bread with condensed milk thrown on it. It was very dry, which the opposite of what tres leches should be. Our bill came up to over 50 dollars, with subpar food. 
Perhaps this place is good for happy hour, but I wouldn't eat there again.I really wanted to like this place, but the price point is absolutely ridiculous. $5 for a 2-bite taco that wasn't really that great. The tacos need more depth in flavor. If you're looking for a great, cheap and authentic taco place, go to El Limon. You will not be disappointed.Absolutely an incredible place. The food was great the atmosphere is awesome. I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting great tacos or margaritas! Outside deck is going to be a perfect place to eat and hang out during the summer. Not to mention the great and helpful staff working there which makes it an even better experience.My experience at La Roca was miserable. They lured me in with the decor, classic rock, and array of tequilas, however, I found myself waiting 35-40 minutes for 4 pieces of shrimp on tortillas no bigger than the palm of my hand. These were also priced at a whopping $11. The wings were quite good, but also $12 for 6 which only seemed to make sense to me if they were plucking the feathers off the chicken in the kitchen. I patiently waited as my friends received their meals one at a time. Burrito after burrito, but still my tacos never came. All in all, use caution and fill up on chips.Although I seem to be in the minority, I actually liked Union Taco, which occupied this spot before La Roca.  I hadn't been back since the change, so decided to give it a shot for Happy Hour the other night.
Since it was a beautiful day, my boyfriend and I were hoping to snag a spot on the roof.  The outdoor space is definitely a big plus for this establishment and all of the others that have occupied the building over the years.  Getting seated was a bit awkward as we didn't know if we could just walk up or had to wait for a server on the lower level.  There's no sign indicating whether you should seat yourself or wait to be seated, and again I hadn't been here since Union Taco so I wasn't sure of the new "rules."  A waitress behind the bar did ask if she could help us once she saw us hovering by the staircase, and we were able to get that coveted roof spot.
We were only given the regular menu so decided to make selections from that.  I'm not sure if there even is a Happy Hour menu.  When the waitress returned, we had decided on both a red and a white sangria, along with the Ropa Vieja Tostones to share.  I also asked the waitress if they had any HH specials, and she told us yes, the sangrias were both $5.  Looking at other reviews now I see some people were offered other specials - not sure if they got a menu or were just informed of a wider selection than we were.
Food and Drinks:
-White Sangria:  Okay but very sweet.  Had a gummy bear flavor to it.
-Red Sangria:   I liked this one better than the white, but again it was very sweet.  The glasses the sangria is served in are very cute, especially with the orange slice on the rim, but they're also small and have a lot of ice.
-Chips and Salsas:  These are served complimentary which is awesome.  Besides that, they were DELICIOUS!  I liked the red salsa the best as it had a delicious roasty tomato flavor, but the green was bright and delicious in it's own right.  The chips were also perfectly crispy and fresh.
-Ropa Vieja Tostones: You will receive an order of three tostones (twice-fried plantains) piled up with shredded steak, pickled shallots, a light drizzle of garlic aoili, and a slice of habanero.  I like heat so this was okay for me but just a warning: these peppers are hot!  The flavors worked here and I thought there was a good mixture of textures as well.
Overall I had a pleasant first experience at La Roca and would give it another try in the future on a nice day when that rooftop space starts calling my name.I came here a few times since it opened and loved the atmosphere/people. Thought this place had a chance, but seems like it's going downhill. Sat downstairs at the bar last night and found an unusual crowd for a Manyunk bar, overpriced (and extremely average) food, plus the bartender was quite rude. Won't be back.Food is amazing. The wings are some of the best I've had. Great atmosphere and great food all around.La Roca....more like la basura. We went there for restaurant week; chicken was dry, drinks were watered down, and the Mexican funnel cake was a stale donut with chocolate sauce on it.Who doesn't love tacos and tequila?! But seriously this place is great. The food is beyond your average taco joint. Expect complex flavors and a very creative menu! Mushroom chicharrones?!!!! Chicken carnitas??!! Awesome!! Yes please!!! Also veg and vegan friendly. Definitely something here for everyone and the ambience is great! Get the elote, omg deliiiccious.....and the tulum caesar salad....and the guac...seriously cant say enough about the food! Go eat here now.Cool atmosphere and great service, but terrible food. Dry steak tacos. Stale chips, flavorless tostones dish. Maybe go there for drinks, but definitely not food.Do yourself a favor and do not come here. We waited over two hours for our meal. We were never given silverware or napkins until we asked. It was the worst yet most expensive burrito I have ever had.I could not express more how impressed I was with this restaurant! PHENOMENAL!!! I moved here to PA from CA and have been in dire search of authentic street tacos. Time and time again I've been terribly disappointed at every other "Mexican" restaurant, but not here!!!  Everything off this menu is absolutely magical. I can't wait to go back.I'm not sure how to begin to say how AMAZING this place is. Food and drinks are great. Highly recommend their guava margaritas. My friends and I went here on a Wednesday night and it made the perfect hump day to finish our week. We had the opportunity to meet two of the three owners ( Tom and Khalil) who to begin are AMAZING but also are so personable and have so many incredible ideas to take this place to the next level. Again HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Whether here on a nice date night or looking for a place to hangout with friends this place truly has it all. Thanks, Tom and Khalil! It was an evening for the books and we are so happy we stopped in. Can't wait to stop in again! Plus our waitress Jessica was so sweet and so attentive, couldn't have asked for better service!! Thanks again! Xoxo, DaniIf you love good quality tacos and margs, stop what you're doing and check this place out! We ordered the sweet pork tacos and the steak tacos. The pork was extremely juicy and the pineapple complimented the dish really well. The steak tacos had a great crispy seared texture on the outskirts of the meat, which really packed a flavorful punch. You get salsa and chips with you meal, too--their homemade salsas were delicious. I really enjoyed their traditional salsa.
I got their standard margarita. 9 bucks. Big glass. Plenty of salty and not overly sweet! 
But wait, that Mexican Street corn: To. Die. For. Covered with cheese, spices, and some sort of mayo/sour cream salsa deliciousness that I could eat by the spoonful. It was that good. 
The service was also top notch. The bartender was friendly and made sure we were having fun and being taken care of the whole time. We even met the executive chef who told us how he created that delicious street corn! Super friendly people who care about the food they serve. The owner is from the west coast and is passionate about bringing upscale Mexican street food to the Yunk. This building in general has had several different restaurants try to make it big on Main Street over the last 4 years I've lived here (all of which ending up unsuccessful), so I'm really, really hoping this place breaks the curse and sticks around for the long haul. I gotta admit, La Roca gives the other taco joints in the area a major run for their money! We will be back for all the tacos! Thanks for the delicious meal.Everything was perfect. Service, view, drinks, food, and atmosphere. I would recommend to anyone.Went in today with a friend. We were 1 of 3 tables in the entire restaurant. The waitress took our order for apps, then came back to get our main order a few minutes later. 20 minutes afterwards, she brought us chips (SO GREASY & STALE) and salsa because our food was going to be taking a little longer because of "computer issues". Finally, she brought us our meals. AFTER our main meal arrived, she brought out ONE of the apps we ordered and it was cold. The food was subpar at best. We asked for hot sauce and it never came. Because she never came to check in on us, I had to go to the bar to get a bill. I never write reviews, but I was so disappointed with food and service.I absolutely love this place !! Every time my fiancé and I go in we get two orders of tacos and a small plate to share. The Grande Margarita and Paloma are to die for!!! 
During happy hour you have awesome choices 
$5 margaritas, sangrias (red/white), and mojitos. $8 wings, which are juicy and big ( not like the small ones you get every where else.) $5 Lechonas which are melt in your mouth fried pork chunks. $3 Salchicha Mexicana, a lot of people are confused by the hotdog concept at a Mexican restaurant but, don't realize the mouth watering taste it really has. And finally, the $2 elote, best way for me to describe it is corn on the cob that taste exactly like white cheddar popcorn, delicious! 
Not only is this restaurant a place to party, get amazing deals, grub on delicious food, and go out on nice dates... it also is warm and welcoming. The staff is impeccable. The servers/bartenders are very attentive and are very knowledgeable on the drinks and the food. And there's always a manager walking around to check up on you and making sure you're having a good time. 
I highly recommend this California Mexican Cuisine!!!!I think the margaritas are seriously pricey... maybe I'm the only one, which I doubt because they cost as much as an El Vez margarita.... and they do not hold a candle to their blood orange margarita. The wings we delicious, and it can be very hard to find good gluten free wings but they definitely pass that test.Initially I was excited to check out La Roca for their shark week and national tequila day specials. Upon entering the restaurant, there were no spaces at the bar and the manager told us so we can go sit at the upstairs bar and subsequently would be given the bar specials. After waiting 15 minutes without being acknowledged by any bartender or server, we left disappointed. The manager seems nice, but the entire restaurant seemed disorganized. I likely will not go back because of this poor experience and customer service.Where's the taste?  Ordered the brisket tacos and pork tacos along with a burrito for my girlfriend.  First off the corn tortillas the tacos are put on were so soggy they fell apart trying to pick them up on both the brisket and pork. Neither order of tacos had any taste whatsoever. The meat was dried out and all the toppings had no taste. The burrito was 95% rice so don't be fooled about its size. There was little to no meat so a rice burrito wasn't very appetizing. The meat that was in the burrito was also tasteless and dry.  There are better options on Main Street for Mexican food. It's a shame because this place is neat looking inside.  Definitely won't be back, very disappointed.Where's the taste?  Ordered the brisket tacos and pork tacos along with a burrito for my girlfriend.  First off the corn tortillas the tacos are put on were so soggy they fell apart trying to pick them up on both the brisket and pork. Neither order of tacos had any taste whatsoever. The meat was dried out and all the toppings had no taste. The burrito was 95% rice so don't be fooled about its size. There was little to no meat so a rice burrito wasn't very appetizing. The meat that was in the burrito was also tasteless and dry.  There are better options on Main Street for Mexican food. It's a shame because this place is neat looking inside.  Definitely won't be back.It's 100% better than Union Taco, but I think there are better places in Manayunk to get your Mexican fix.  I loved their white sangria, but I wouldn't recommend their margaritas. Hopefully they are just experiencing some growing pains as a new business and will be top-notch in the near future!I can see why all the reviews for this place are great, this place is INCREDIBLE!!! I googled to try and find a menu to order take out. Luckily I found one but it wasn't 100% accurate... but the lovely hostess took the time to explain things on the menu that I was interested and was extremely friendly! Food is fantastic!!! We ordered the Illadelph, chicken carnitas and elote. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!Came in last night. Solid menu, fast service and food was delicious. The bartender and o who served my drink was also very efficient and had a good knowledge of drinks. It was nice talking to her (believe her name was Ashly) and the other staff was extremely friendly as well.
Will be coming back!Previously the chips were freshly fried and perfectly salted. The chips were the best in the area. Tonight I ordered chips and guacamole and got what looked like store purchased standard chips.Last week I ordered delivery and after an hour and a half of waiting I called the restaurant. Grubhub never picked up my order!!! But Madison was kind enough to bring me my order and even added in extra guac in. Best tacos around.La Roca has a great Tequila selection and the food is great.  I had the chicken carnitas tacos.  I highly recommend coming here!Like 90% of the "Mexican" restaurants in Philly, this place just doesn't get it right. I started losing confidence in the food after the complimentary chips and salsa came. The salsa was not the slightest bit spicy. In fact, it didn't really taste like anything except maybe watery bell peppers. Then came the nachos. They tasted nothing like any nachos I've ever had...and not in a good way. Like Taco Bell's nachos are probably better.
We unfortunately had to return the nachos because we were having trouble getting ourselves to eat them. Our waitress was *really* nice about it and comped us a free order of chicken tacos. Now the tacos were actually good by Philly Tex Mex standards, especially after a few squeezes of lime and some Cholula sauce. The margaritas here were definitely legit though and surprisingly strong.
Ok restaurant, but I would come back here only for the margaritas and the service. Also, if you're over the age of 25 and coming to eat here on a weekend, I would recommend leaving around 11pm, which is when the fratty college students that Manyunk is known for start arriving in droves.Amazing. Service was so slow we got free drinks and food! If you're not in a hurry and want cheap free food w ok pretty bad service this is the place! I thought Union Taco closed because of bad service but apparently they just changed the name and made the food even more expensive.Food sucks. Bald head bartender sucks. Chips suck. Service sucks. Prices suck. Seats suck. Tables suck. Cocktails suck. Menu sucks. Happy hour taco options suck. Atmosphere sucks. Employee morale sucks. Place just sucks. Good ice water though.This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to. Slow service, terrible food, and high prices.Amber was excellent. Great experience. Margarita was perfectly made. Beautiful restaurant.Enjoyed a quick visit to grab something small. Had traditional guacamole and the squash tacos. Guacamole was tasty and simple. Was a little skeptical about the squash tacos but they had a great flavor! Service was great! I believe our server was Madison and she was awesome and super informative.You know, I never even made it to Union Taco somehow (blame it on the roomie that always insisted on a certain other Main St Mexican joint for her Tuesday fix), but at this point I'm not complaining. La Roca is exactly what my fellow food enthusiast and I needed. 
The ambiance inside is basically a modernized tequila bar, and they've got plenty of concoctions to go around. We'd already split a bottle of wine, so we were mostly on the food game however. We heard about outdoor seating upstairs and asked to check that out. Since it had just rained, the seats weren't exactly inviting, however, a waiter (Joel) swooped right in and said he could wipe it down for us. Throughout the rest of the night, he was tremendously helpful and knowledgeable (as we of course split another bottle). Might I add it ended up raining again so he moved us right inside before it actually started pouring (which it did of course. It was 70 degrees though, I can't complain). 
Okay so food wise.. get the pecan smoked chicken wings. I'm not huge on smokey flavors, but they were phenomenal. The smokey sweet combination paired perfectly with the crispy skin, and even better that they managed that delicacy without the fry. Ugh and the cilantro, blue cheese creme that comes with it  We also opted for the carnitas and shrimp tacos. Both were fantastic, and I'm honestly not sure which I preferred as they were very different from each other. Okay. Sorry. This review is long enough. They've literally been open 4 days now, go check em out and see for yourself. Oh, and tell Joel I said hi. (And sorry if I misspelled the name)I think this place is highly underrated. The burritos are the best in manayunk and $1 tacos are a steal. I will continue to eat here at least twice a month.All servers x bartenders have great personalities, and are cool to hang out with while having a drink. I usually go for a few appetizers when I visit. They do not disappoint. Cool place, cool vibesThis place is TERRIBLE!!!!! Dave the manager said we were wrong when our elote came out burned!!! It was black! He did not acknowledge our feelings and said that's how it's cooked as we showed him other pictures that showed a well cooked elote. I don't appreciate the customer service here and will never come back!!!! The garlic chilli wings had no chilli, no garlic, no soy sauce, no NOTHING!!! It was straight buffalo wings! And the manager had the nerve to tell us we were wrong! I don't normally complain but this was well worth the long paragraph and complaint!This was my first time at the location since they became La Roca and overall it was underwhelming and I probably won't go back. My boyfriend ordered the some of the tacos and although they were good, they were small and were $9 for only two tacos. He also got the corn side, which he thought was bland and a little weird.
I ordered the Illadelph burrito and it was not good. The burrito was 90% rice and beans, with a little bit of meat and one biteful of cheese. The beans in the burrito were undercooked so the consistency of the whole burrito was off. It was also fairly bland, all for $16. It was a disappointing dinner and we felt like we wasted our money here.Found this disappointing. In order of what we experienced: 1. I had contacted them in advance to ensure there were ample vegan and vegetarian options...there were very few. 2. The music was loud, and hard to talk over and there are many tvs on the walls tuned to sports channels.  3. The $9 house margarita was mostly ice, very little margarita. 4. Guacamole appetizer was fine...no salt chips, which I like but my dining companion didn't. 5. Tasty salsas!  6. Friend had shrimp in garlic sauce appetizer and really really enjoyed it.  7. My squash tacos were unremarkable.  8. Mexican corn on the cob was flavorful but overcooked...pretty mushy. 9. Rice and beans...large servings but the beans were bland beyond bland. 10. Waitress was good. 11. Check was nearly $80. 
So, out of 5 food items we ordered, 1 was good.  Prices are high for what we found to be a mediocre meal. Can't recommend.Went here with BF last night. Servers were fun to chat with. Food was ok. Ordered the taco tasting which was Korean beef, thai shrimp, chicken and the beer beef. Korean and thai was best. Shrimp a la plancha tasted fishy. Smoked wings yummy.  House jalapeno margarita was not so good but the Caipirinha was good.Today my friend and I went for happy hour. The margs were great and the chips and guac were delicious. Kim was our waitress and she was awesome. We never had an empty drink and we had a great time becuase of her service. Would recommend for a great happy hour and fun date night. Would give a 6/5 if I could. Heck, I'd give her 7/5 if I could! Ask for Kim as your waitress and have a great time with great margs! Ps come to think of it I think an 8/5 would be more accurate .Came here for happy hour & the margaritas are great. they taste really good, aren't too strong but you can taste the alcohol, and taste fresh. I also tried the churros which were okay. Cute little place that I'd come back to for the drinks & to try the food - saw a few people order tacos & they looked amazing!Drinks are okay...on the small side. Food....getting worse each time I order it; must be different cooks every time.So I don't normally write reviews. However, this restaurant is an exception. First off, I waited 30 minutes to be seated, then over 2 hours for my food. I got the traditional guacamole as an appetizer. The avocado tasted very old, and it had unnecessary strips of pepper in it that made it a pain to eat. Then for my entree I got the Illadelph burrito. It was hands down the worst burrito I've ever experienced. The beans were hard, it seemed like they had used boxed Goya rice, and it tasted unpleasantly strongly of cinnamon. Despite this, it was by far the most expensive burrito I've ever seen. The only saving grace of this place were the margaritas, which were okay. Overall, save yourself the time and money and go eat somewhere else. 0/10 would recommend.