I really had a good time at this place. We showed up pretty late and ordered food and drinks. The waitress was on top if it,  and the casino burger really hit the spot. I tasted some of the turkey chilli which was also very good. The drink specials were great, and my boyfriend got to play pool. We all left winners!This might be closer to 2 stars but there's nothing special about this dive bar. Although it's kept clean- the dark decor of this place and the usual emptiness really makes me not want to go. Unfortunately my coworkers like setting up happy hours here so I tried it once and they do have fairly cheap specials which is a plus. I'm just not a fan of the whole package.I was going to give this place 4 stars. Why didn't I? Because when I went back to New York, I noticed the bartender tipped himself $10 extra on top of my $5 tip for 4 shots. Way-to-go morons. Another negative spot in Philly.
Cool spot though. Good for groups. I think the food looked good but I didn't try it. 
It was very divey and it's cool. Reasonably priced. 
They tried to rip me off. Sorry.Very cool spot, located on an unassuming street. It may be Las Vegas themed but you might be hard pressed to find much Vegas paraphernernalia. 
What you will find are red painted walls, 2 red pool tables to match, no frills seating (think chairs from a Knights of Columbus and black pleather diner booths) and lots of framed pictures of Frank Sinatra and naturally, a Rocky poster. 
They have a jukebox and a late night happy hour that goes until midnight. It was $4.50 for my "Sweet Tea Vodka Drink." 
On a Saturday night close to midnight I would say it was only a quarter full, which kind of surprised me. It feels like the kind of place where no one will bother you, bring a group of any size and they have food (someone's buffalo wings smelled realllly good...!) A bit divey, but not 'dirty.' 
They also have 'beer to go'  and a draft beer list with decent variety.Rachel was awesome! Will definitely be back to see her! Bar hopped all night but ended up making LVL the final stop because of her.Great dive bar. Good atmosphere. Great wait staff. Good prices, Pool tables. Overall, a good place to hang out with friends.I went there tonight, Wednesday evening before Thanksgiving, it was very quiet. 
However, great bar in a central location close to Independence Hall. Good beer offers....A Yuengling for $3.50 is a good argument and not easy to find in center city.
Not my last visit. An average bar but gut prices.It's name says it all. It has all the tricks and not any treats. A dive bar with no deals. Super tricky just like Las Vegas. No specials but hazards everywhere. Take caution of the faulty tiles and nails in the wall. The best part about the bar is the jute box but everyone is super judgmental based on your music selection. Bartenders a dick-- incapable of taking more than one order.Decent vibe, but really rude bar tender. He ignored us and other customers multiple times and said a few rude things. Otherwise, this bar has a good variety of drinks and relaxed vibe with music and pool tables.I don't see what the draw is to this place. It's a dive bar with a ficus and a few beat up couches in the front. The crowd is blah. The bartenders were very nice and attentive and we really enjoyed the $2.50 20Oz Yueng-Ling drafts on a Friday night. But- there are better bars in Philly that offer deals just as good as this one. I would pass this one up.I love this bar! Great drinks and food! And ladies the bathrooms are really clean! They have pool tables and tons of seating. Very fun place to come with friends and hang out. It isn't super fancy, just a local bar type place but I loved it! And they have golden monkey!!!!Went there on a Saturday night with some friends and I'm pretty embarrassed now. It was a mistake on my part. They weren't really busy but the service was terribly slow. I think a half hour went by before I got a beer. This is one of those places where you almost want to order 3 beers by the time they notice you because of how long you will be waiting for the next opportunity to interact with your server. I thought food was ok and the pool tables made things a little more fun which bumps my rating to 2 stars but the people running this place and working here really don't know what they're doing. Unless your friends know & understand that you're going to a hole in the wall place you're better off going elsewhereok, in truth, i was never impressed by you, Las Vegas Lounge. i mean, look at yourself: most people would pass you on the street and not even know you. plus, why are you called, "Las Vegas Lounge"? what about you is Las Vegas-ish? i don't see any wild antics, racey outfits, big name performances, washed-up entertainers, etc. what are you trying to do, poser? huh? 
ok, forget all that. i'll get past your name and your minutely publicized entrance because the reality is that you have decent beers, stiff cocktails, two pool tables which are never toooo full, and really, really nice servers who bring me giant fish tacos. seriously, who could complain about that?! not me, i can assure you.Great dive bar. You have to at least check it out. Their appletini was awesome - cinnamon simply syrup, apple infused vodka, no syrupy icky mixer. Divine!We show up in a group of 10+ people and all we ended up with was just one round of drinks due to rude staff. No thanks.Nice happy hour specials.  
Philadelphia has something special on Wednesday nights called "Sips", which is basically......happy hour.
This divey, yet clean place had some nice specials.  I didn't try the food, but it seemed to be really cheap and my friend said great things about it. 
The bathrooms were super clean and they smelled really good- like cinnamon and spice!It's magic. I love Miller Time The pink and sweaty bartender. LVL is exactly what it's supposed to be. Just a bar. No pretense. Great crowd of all walks of life. Good times.  It is far from fancy. But we like it that way.This is a fun place to grab a drink after work.
They are a nice low key sports bar, and the pool tables are fun.
The food typical bar food but always tastes great.I love a good dive bar, but this was just an ok dive bar.  It was pretty crowded by the time we showed up, but there were still tables open in the back so our group plopped ourselves down at one of them.  Within a minute, our waitress had come over and gotten drink orders.  Props to our server, by the way, she was probably the high point of the evening and really on top of drink refills and clearing our table.  
We soon found out why our table was empty when people playing pool had to keep maneuvering their sticks between our heads to make their shots.  I seriously thought someone at our table was going to lose an eye before the night was over.  Maybe LVL should consider getting rid of that table or scooting all of the tables up about two feet so the pool players have more room.
There were plenty of great drink deals on the specials board, but they were all for beer.  My one friend and I are not beer drinkers, however, so the specials board only had a $9 vodka drink for us.  We did order some food and everyone was pretty pleased with what they got.  I got a basket of yummy fries which seemed fresh-cut and freshly cooked so that was a plus.  
As I said, not a bad bar, but not anything that would make me come running here again over other places.Very little fazes me by way of rude bartenders, but tonight's experience at Pas Vegas Lounge compels me to speak up. A crowd of 15 or so folks came into the bar that was virtually dead at the time. Certainly the bar wasn't ready for them but instead of welcoming the business they went out of there way to act perturbed a crowd of customers actually showed up. 
From there the manager, a 30-something man, joined the female bartender working the bar and then proceeded to chew out a customer for standing too close to the bar's only exit (from the actual bar that is). Rather than simply asking the young man to move he belittled him and spoke to him like a child. The customer said nothing but he proceeded to insult him before sulking off rather than give the customer a chance to respond. 
It was the exact wrong way to treat a customer. I certainly understood the manager may have had a point but instead of simply asking the customer to move to the side to help unblock the entrance he was a grade a jerk. 
I've never witnessed such unwarranted, immature rudeness in my life. Certainly I'll not be returning to that establishment.This is one of my favorite low-key places to go when I just want to relax & have a few drinks.  Cheap beers, heavy handed shots, and they have Buck Hunter.. what else could you need?!Waitress was not willing to split a check between 7 people. If your establishment pos system does not allow for split checks then you have to know well in advance that 7 people probably want split checks...especially when 2 of them join over an hour later. After people requested to only pay for certain items, she didn't include the 'gratuity added' in their charge so other people had to pick up the bill. I will not come back to this bar simply because they were unable to perform a simple task that is standard at every other bar and because the waitress did not care whatsoever about our reasonable request.It was a Tuesday night and we were the only ones in there so we owned the joint. Nice selection of music in the jukebox and the billiards in the back were fun... However the Buckshot Safari was where it was at... When the vegetarian coworker gets into shooting animated  animals you know its good time. They have daily drink specials... Ours ended up being Jameson... Not so good but for $4... Lets do it. Not sure what makes it the "Vegas" lounge, but whatever.Simply. Not good. 
It's a "dive bar". Like - they are tying to be a dive bar but not really but really. 
The food was all around terrible for bar food. The fried mozzarella  sticks (of which we got three orders) were cold, the fries were soggy, and the nachos were unheated.  Unacceptable by bar food standards. 
Price wise - this isn't "cheap" for what you get. 
You can't even compare this to an Oscars Tavern or Silk City, which have great food at reasonable prices and awesome service / drinks.Our server was very nice. She gave us heartfelt and honest suggestions about the best places to go in town. The menu has comfort food so if you feel like indulging you order a side of ranch with that. We ordered two shots each, buttery nipples and they were pretty good. Only wish we could of had some fluffy whipped toppings on them. No whip cream in the house. Also there is a $10 minimum for credit Card purchases so one party in our circle needed to borrow cash to pay for her cocktail. What's that about, thus was not some little mom and pop grocery store or gas station. Overall, the holiday decorations and ambiance was pretty good.This place has affordable drinks and the best Spanish fries around.  It is a cool place to chill.Had a great time hanging out with friends here. Did not have food so I cannot review that. Nothing special to point out just an good hang out spot, wasn't too busy so we could actually hear each other and Jones is next door, so yay!This place doesn't look like much from the outside, and the inside could definitely use some brightening - but - the food is great! Just don't go for lunch if you're a clock puncher. There was only one other table with people, and a handful of people at the bar. Still took us way more than an hour to order, get our food, eat, and pay. Again though, I highly recommend the fish tacos, any burger, and the cheesesteak. Those are the only things I've tried so far. I work in the area, so will definitely go again, just not when I'm in a hurry. Oh, and the fries are among the best I've had anywhere in the city or suburbs. If they could step up the service, and spruce up the inside a little, I'd give four stars easily.Bars of this grand and personal caliber are doomed in our city of brotherly gentrification. The Las Vegas Lounge is my go-to late afternoon haunt. You'll always have a good shot at a fine conversation from the stool bird next to you. The bar maidens are cheery, if not cheeky. And the pool tables are so much better than looking at your phones all night. 
The one thing missing keeps them from their 5th star. For the life of me I can't understand why the Las Vegas Lounge doesn't offer a citywide.A little hole in the wall, nothing to call home about. We just happened to pass by and walk in, it was pretty quiet but our server was friendly and fun to chat with.Headed here to get out of the cold rain.  Cute little dive bar, great service and good priced drinks.
I'm from out of town but would definitely go back.Stumbled (literally) onto this place a few days ago.  Head down Chestnut til you hit the crowd of smokers outside and you're in Vegas.  Well, not really, the decor has really nothing to do with Vegas.  
What a shame, a "Vegas" schtick bar might be a great idea. The bartenders are nice, they keep the bar flowing, music selection is very good (Kinks followed by Chris Cornell followed by Kelly Clarkson) but like I said it's not Vegas without some Elvis, Manilow, and Tom Jones.  
Their Chicken Cheesesteak is amazing for a non-cheesesteak place and with a $3 draft special, it tastes even better.  Fries deserve a shoutout... Hey-yo! If you're looking for a non-dressy place to just simply hang without getting hit on over and over, head to Vegas.Been here a few times for drinks and always had a good time. I'd call this pace a dive bar but not in a bad way. The service has always been good and the prices are fair.This is a nice bar for a quiet weekday outing when you just want to grab a couple of drinks & shoot some pool. When I went it wasn't at all crowded. I had the boneless chicken, which you really can't go wrong with. My friend had the shrimp po'boy which looked really good. We enjoyed the atmosphere so much that we stayed and shot a few games of pool. I would keep this as my weekday duckie spot. However I would like to see what it's like to go when it's crowded.A decent dive bar. One asshole bartender the rest of the staff was nice. I personally was not a fan of this place, only ended up here because of the bike tour. If your looking for "cleaner" dive bar, then sure this may be the place. So many better places in the area.Really liked this place. The waitress was so energetic and friendly. They have all day drink specials and local brews. The food is simple but delicous, you can substitute salads for fries. There are two pool tables in the back.Great dive. No one has ever been rude to me here. Liz needs to stay in DC.I am not too proud to admit that I love the Las Vegas Lounge!  There is nothing glitzy, glam, fancy or really even "Vegas" about  it, but this is an excellent, low-key neighborhood hang-out.  It can get packed on weekends (like any bar), but midweek you are guaranteed a prime bar stool or table.
They have a nice rotating selection of draft beers served in big glasses for reasonable prices, and grill up one of the better burgers I've had in the city.  Like the rest of the place, the burger is not gourmet or fancy (no Kobe here), but a great juicy rendition of this classic with a nice selection of toppings.  All of their sandwiches are quite tasty too, but I am a burger girl at heart.Great dive in a nice section of Philly with great specials. The food is average, nothing great or bad and the service is spotty. Despite this, LVL has a great atmosphere and is a great place to relax and chill.This place is weird in so many ways. The location, the layout, the people who visit.  Prices aren't great, but they do get some decent specials during Philly sports games.  
The tap list is average (for Philly), but the real standout about this place is that they pour their beers in real pint glasses.  16 ounces of beer is great.All right. So a lot of people seem to have some beef with this joint, either personal or otherwise. I'm not sure why. This is definitely one of the better dive/sports bars in the area, at least on the weekend.
I originally went to this place when I was visiting Philly for fun, and ended up going back the second night. Now that I live here, I wanted to check it out and see if it was still going strong, and voila, last night it proved itself worthy.
Friday nights Yuenglings are $2.50. They have a pretty decent tap selection, including a couple Belgian beers.
Pool is $10 bucks for an hour, which is alright. The tables have character, though, so watch out.
The crowd? Mixed. Nice older people, mixed crowd of younger types. At the bar on one side, a drunk older guy in a suit, either Irish or Scottish. On the other side, a couple sports fans. In the back? Hip kids chatting and middle-agers playing pool.
The waitresses are pretty nice. The bartend had my friend and I labelled as "2 Gents" in the computer system. The music was somebody's play list, featuring Modest Mouse, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, the White Stripes, Harvey Danger, the Cure, Devo, et cetera.
Check it out. It's a great place to spend a night--close enough to other bars, close enough to the subway, but tucked in a nice little corner of Market East where you won't feel too uncomfortable, feel like you want to leave.Came here on a Sunday night for Karaoke with a few friends (Karaoke every Sunday starting at 10 PM). The bar had an okay crowd, especially since there were no drink specials. The best deal we could find was $3.25 drafts. 
When you enter, you'll see a long bar and toward the back you'll find seating and pool tables. The karaoke was mixed in with the seating section without a stage, kind of a rinky dink set up and it did not attract much interest.Standard sorta divey bar in center city, solid drink choices and decent bar type food. I have been coming here for years off and on and have always enjoyed it. Decent beer list, cheapish beer to more craft beers and they are always running some sort of special.las vegas lounge- ok but nothing special. Big screen was faded and (let's face it) no one is into soccer. Service was fine, the waitress was fine everything was just ...fine. The pool tables were commandeered early on and we didn't get a chance to play *sad face*. Would I go back? probably not..I feel bad giving 1 star b/c the place is pretty cool but the SERVICE IS AWFUL, one bartenders was so incredibly rude, I will never return.....
A blonde bartender (not sure what her name was) was the crankiest, rudest bartender I've ever met . She was not polite or helpful even though my group was very nice.  I really feel that this place should evaluate their employees, wow, she was a piece of work.  From now on, I'll probably hit up the places down the street.  
Overall, the place is cool, has a pool table and multiple places tv's so that was nice.
PLEASE EVALUATE YOUR EMPLOYEES, BAD SERVICE DOESN'T HELP BUSINESS!!very very very very very bad service. we have all been in the customer service industry and our waitress acted like no one had ever even taught her simple manors. first off, our food took 50 min and it wasn't even busy. (so I wasted my lunch hour) when we complained the waitress got defensive, never apologized, just said "what do you want from me? it's not my fault" this may be so but a waitress is supposed to represent the restaurant and and company that would keep her on staff doesn't really have any standards. When my food came out i got the wrong dish. Again she refused to take the blame but luckily the manager took it off our tab. this place is fine for just grabbing a drink but i do not recommend you stay to get food.I used to go to this place a lot when I had a roommate who worked in the building next door. Wed meet up for happy hour and sit near the windows. It was convenient, and not too expensive. I even came out one night after being released from the hospital just to experience a cheap drink night. 
That said, over the years, it just keeps getting worse, dingier, smellier, more expensive and less interesting. With so many actual dives in the city, and so many nicer places, why bother?This place is weird. But I'm not sure why.
There was a different mix of people here, which is always a good thing for a bar to have going on. The music was really great (one of my favorite drinking jams, Hall & Oates "Rich Girl" came on!). The bartender was really friendly (sometimes a little too much, he said it was his second day, so I guess he still hasn't lost that "i actually care about my new job" feeling).  it was overall a good experience.
a Walt Whit costs $5, which i don't know, but I feel like I've never had to pay that much for it.
i guess it's only to fair to say that it's a pretty good place especially in the midst of so many bad options. It just had a strange vibe. Which might be your thing. I'd go see it for yourself. Maybe go back again, maybe not.The only reason I found myself in here, was because it is the closest bar to my work so it lends itself to convenience.  The best thing about this was the beer.  This isn't complimentary in any way-- I only had Yuengling.  The place isn't anything special, just a place to get a beer and simple pub food.  I wasn't looking for anything other than a quick snack so I got the chicken fingers tossed in their Inferno buffalo sauce.  I think they gave me pinky fingers.  I've never seen chicken fingers this small and was probably half the size of normal ones.  I was a bit confused when it came out.  It looked like it was tossed in sauce, but also came with a dipping sauce of what appeared to be regular hot sauce from a bottle.  For their "Inferno" it wasn't that spicy as it sounds and when dipping it in the sauce on the side, it was a different flavor so it was two different flavors.  The fries it came with were terrible.  While they did have some skin let on, which is my favorite, they were rubbery and chewy.  I'm glad my expectations were not set high for this place.  Can't wait to try their Yuengling again!Definitely just a place to grab some big beers and kick back, shoot some pool, rage.  Nothing fancy.  The draught beers are real big, and not expensive.  So thats GOOD for our purposes.  When you're sitting along the back, the wait service is very good and personable.The menu is very large and looks awesome. Cant wait to go back, and try it again.  Great place to play pool and hangout with friends.  Also have great drink specials.I went there for a couple drinks with a classmate years ago, and just remembers it being kinda of a dive but with a name like las vegas lounge what do you want? A couple of friends and I stopped in for a drink, and waited about 10 minutes for a bartender to appear (we didn't see her waiting  tables or anything) and asked if there had bloody marys, her response "no bloody marys or fruity frozen drinks " .  I understand no fruity frozen drinks (in fact unless i'm on a cruise ship i'm not asking for one) and I understand running out or not serving bloody marys.  I don't think i'd put bloody marys or fruity frozen drinks in the same catorgory.Technically i wouldn't consider this place a dive. The decor is a little too strip mall bar-ish. But if you can get past that, maybe get a few inside you, then it's easily forgotten. 
Not too many beers on tap. I've only been here a few times. Usually some good cheap specials. 
The reason i'd go back, though, is the fries. Maybe i was hungry or a little bit drunk but they were the top 3 i've ever had. Maybe even the best, i just cant think of any others at the moment. Big fries, not steak, just big. Sea salted and pepper grinded, crisp and hot and wonderful. Go to try them, have a jack and coke, and leave.In the world of dives, this place is the shittiest... but in the best way!  Draught beers come in 20 ounce glasses.  They have all sorts of draught options, but something is always on special which is a great way to get hammered for cheap.  
The place is huge and layed out really well so no matter how many people you roll in with, there is always space to get comfy.  The prices are EXTREMELY reasonable (read: cheap!) and there is usually some sort of speciality cocktail that caters to the fancier crew.  They also usually have a fun shot.  The most recent time I was in... it was pumpkin pie.  It was horrendous... but in the best way.  
Say you get too drunk- they have some good bar-food choices.  Not going to be a gourmet meal, but everything tastes great and is priced reasonably.  Also... they'll clog your arteries... which tends to be what i crave after 40 ounces of beer.  Say that sitting and eating makes you sleepy... they have pool tables, and some great horrible video games- my favorite of which is Buck Hunter.  Serves for great mid-boozing entertainment.  
Service is hit or miss.  Servers tend to go AWOL for a bit... but they always come back... and you can always just got to the bar. 
Finally, if you're a lady like myself, and you don't have a 40 ounce bladder, you'll be pleased to know that the ladies room in the LVL is oddly immaculate.  Given the divey nature of the place, i was kinda scared as to what to expect... but its not scary at all!Red red walls, pool tables, always odd but not necessarily odd-in-a-bad-way interactions, and there's nothing particularly Vegasy about it- aside from one big black & white photo of Dean Martin...These are the things that I think about when I think of the Las Vegas Lounge. Most times I'd think of Las Vegas Lounge if we were heading for dinner at Chifa across the street and had time for a drink before our reservation time. Chifa, now closed... I'll miss you, my tasty Peruvian friend.
Now here's this. Maybe I completely blew out my weekend budget and still wanted to drink on a Sunday, for instance. For instance, like just yesterday. We wanted to get out and do something cheapish and watch some football. So, the fact that 20 oz drafts of lager will run your pockets $2.75 on Sunday made our stop at Las Vegas Lounge a successful endeavor. No matter that I'd rather drink another beer. No matter that Yuengling seems to give me the next day agita like no other! We had a good ol time. Our bartender was friendly and on top of things too, I should add.
Also, lemme also mention that the ladies room is remarkably spotlessly clean. Remarkably. That's how come I remarked about it.My 16 year old daughter went in this establishment to order chicken tenders. Told the waitress she would be right back ( had to meet me outside). The rude and ignorant waitress who stated she was the manager when I called threatened to call the police on my daughter because she would not give her a card to hold while she came to me. I have been at this establishment numerous times. Ordered over the phone without paying and never had a problem. I will never return to this restaurant again!3.5 stars. A solid dive bar to pop in for a (liquid) lunch break and catch a game. The beer specials are decent and the hummus is good. Lots of TVs. I caught the USA vs Germany game here last week and the bartenders were great about keeping everyone's drinks filled and cashing out people quickly.Came here for a couple beers after work during Happy Hour. We had the Blackjack Burger and it was phenomenal!! My boyfriend and I split it and we wished we didn't.  We'll be back to get the other half soon.........or maybe we'll have our own next time!!!Dive bar, empty on a Saturday night so they let us put the Ohio State game on.  I had the veggie burger which was decent, and some pumpkin beer.  They also had a sweet tea vodka special.  I would go back if I was nearby and wanted a casual spot for a beer.Las Vegas Lounge is a crap hole and it's supposed to be.  They are currently in the middle of a remodeling project that seems like it's taking ages.  The new ladies' room is NiOCE tho. 
I like the food and I like the interesting people spotting while sat at the bar.    Shane is an awesome bartender.  Lots of people in the business show up there and it's always fun to listen to war stories--at least for me anyway.i miss the LVL... used to go here all the time when i lived and worked in Philly.  the bartenders took the time to get to know our names, and the waitresses were always helpful to our group.  we all moved to Philly for our company, so no one knew anyone.  the LVL staff made us feel comfortable.
on a side note... one night, my friend's car wouldn't start after a night at the Las Vegas Lounge.  We called AAA and had to wait...past 2am in Center City.  The bartender/bouncer at LVL tried (unsuccessfully) to find us jumper cables, and then offered to stay and wait with us---2 girls in the middle of Philly---until we were safe.  very cool.
I miss the Las Vegas Lounge.Here's the thing: the first time my buddies and I strolled into Las Vegas Lounge (or LVL, as I'll be referring to it from now), it was my best friends' Bachelorette party. I know, I know, not exactly a joint that screams "Come on in, 20-something girls with your matching tshirts and your phallic straws, and party with US!" That being said, when you have a reservation across the street at Morimoto and a crew of 12 trying to grab a drink quick, it did the job. We played a song on the jukebox, downed about 20oz of beer each, and scampered over, forgetting the dimly lit looking dive we began our night enjoying.
Fast forward to about 3 years later. when I moved from NC to Philadelphia and, surprise surprise, ended up visiting a buddy around lunchtime on a Friday at LVL. Cue one of the more fun crowds I've stumbled across during my "day drinking" career: the construction workers enjoying liquid lunches. They're rowdy, they're physically exhausted, and they're hilarious. Nothing like a little noon beer and some rambunctious fellows to make for a beautiful Friday afternoon.
The drinks aren't overpriced, though they're not incredibly cheap. The specials, however, are pretty solid and make for a nice happy hour. The food is surprisingly tasty, despite what the dim interior might suggest. I'll admit, the waitresses I've come across during the day are some of the more patient and friendly ladies I've ever met. I'll continue heading there from time to time to visit my buddy, and would recommend it as a nice little pregame spot if you'd like to play a few games of pool or dominate the jukebox with obnoxious songs (though, apparently, those friendly waitresses get a bit annoyed by that. Understood.)I somehow always end up here on the weekend with my coworkers which is fine by me. The drink pricing are reasonable and the female server is always on top of her game, making sure everyone has drinks. 
There's two pool tables to enjoy a game with friends, the patrons there are friendly.Came here on our trip from Las Vegas (home) to philly. We saw this placed listed on "nearby" on the Yelp app. The reviews seemed good enough for us to walk down. First off- walking in- this place is not clean. There was trash on the floor and lots of stains. There was only a few peoples in here.. seemed to be locals. We sat down at the bar and the top of the bar was sticky, enough so that I did not want to lean on it or put my purse down. My fiancé ordered a beer as I decided. I asked the bartender if they served food and she handed me a menu. I decided against eating based on my feelings towards this place. The bartender was very sweet, she actually gave us recommendations on better bars to eat and drink specialty cocktails in the local area. this place screams dive bar, we were out of there quickly as that is not the vibe we like. **on a side note**Nothing about this place had a Las Vegas feel or realistic Vegas decor. We are from Vegas.. Customer service good.. Recommend cleaning the place up a bit.. It's off putting as a customerDecent spot in the area to grab a beer - especially if you've broken the bank at Morimoto, Chifa, or Union Trust across the street. Prices are cheap, they have pool tables, and Big Buck Hunter. Lots of tables in the back. The service can be hit or miss and the bathrooms are subpar, but the bartenders are friendly and they always have the game on.Danielle was a great, attentive and super sweet server. Fries are delicious and the rosemary sauce they're served with is soooo good.Chewbacca and Han Solo (Lauren and Drew) deftly handled a drunk patron with finesse and panache not often seen. Always a great experience. The new menu and drink specials are work the visit!I have a weakness for things that are so close I just can't seem to get away. I am always torn: on the one hand if I don't give them a star just for being close, I'm kind of being dishonest about why I end up at certain places so much; on the other hand if I give stars based on distance, that is blatantly unfair!
Well, okay, besides the distance, I like this place for their consistently mediocre-good food. I've never had a single thing that was memorable, or anything that disgusted me. It's what you would expect from a fast food chain (as long as they're doing it right), but marked up a little bit more because, come on, they will give you booze also! So I guess what I'm saying is, expect to pay $8-10 for a burger instead of $5 for a combo at a Burger King, but don't worry it probably won't give you food poisoning.
I like that I can wear sweats, don't have to wait or get cash or engage in anything inconvenient, and I can just come here, feel like shit, and get a drink (on the cheap)! Every bartender/waitress I've encountered have been really nice. I try not to think about it too much, but I think there's a sort of less than decent reason why front of the house is always all female. 
I will say I've had only chicken based dishes so far (salads, sandwiches), but they were satisfying, seasoned just fine and if I were to be honest maybe striving for something/some place they're not but I do appreciate the effort.
The whole place is pretty divey and grimy but compared to the other really divey places in the area (Locust Bar for one), I prefer the fact that patrons must go outside to smoke. As someone who quit smoking less than a year ago, I am grateful that I can go to a dive bar without being submerged in the repulsive but alluring scent of cigarettes. 
There are pool tables, but I'm terrible at geometry so I never play. 
Bathrooms are okay; I wouldn't pee here if you can hold it. It's always been clean when I have seen the inside of it. Sometimes you'll just see people go in and out of it and you will think to yourself, "ah, nope" though that's through no fault of the establishment. 
I've seen specials on the board outside but they never look all that special. Very commonplace offerings, with the occasional twist that's not the most inviting, or maybe I'm just not the kind of person that would order a $5 dessert-based cocktail.
I'd say come here if you're within a 2 block radius and want a good deal on some run of the mill drafts and bar fare.This was a very strange place that I wanted to like but couldn't really get behind. The good news was that I went here as part of a large meet-up group and they were able to accommodate a very large party of people at tables (20 plus people). The bad news was that there was no one else in this place. Despite not having any customers it took a really long time to be served and then after we ordered an even longer time for our drinks to be dropped off at the table. We ordered a draft beer and a diet coke which shouldn't take that long. After our first round of drinks our server was really no where to be found. I had to go up to the bar to order another drink. They were out of the mozzarella sticks which is what we wanted to order so opted for the pretzels served with cheese sauce. About ten minutes later they came out from the kitchen. The pretzel nuggets themselves were ok but they were served with a big cup of runny cheese sauce that didn't even adhere to the pretzel when dipped. It was like dipping the pretzel in cheese flavored water. When I went up to the bar to order yet another drink I noticed our server was hanging out with the two other bartenders and they were eating popcorn out of a large bag. Perhaps it was popcorn intended for the people sitting at the bar? Not sure. The price was right here and I like how they offer pool tables and video games but they have a lot of polishing to do.Was in here once before during Philly Sips, and it was packed. Hadn't been here since then...until last Saturday night.
Decided to get a pre-dinner drink before heading over to Jones. The place was empty. The one waitress was so bored at first it appeared as though she was a drunken regular, spending a little horizontal time on the bar.
Decided to go back after dinner to watch the Phils play the Mets (Mets suck). Place is still empty. One guy to our right is blasting, I mean blasting his iPOD. His iPOD is so loud that it actually almost drowned out the music playing in the bar. Beers at first seem priced regularly. Selection is pretty normal. Nothing exotic.
Then I notice that the pint glasses seem a bit larger than a normal pint glass. Could it be? Are these 20oz pint glasses? They may be, and it was glorious.
5 beers later, I was ready to go. The Phils lost 1-0 (BOO), and I was getting to the point where I was making fun of every TV commercial. That means it is time to go. The place started to pick up, but was still pretty quiet for 11pm on a Saturday night.
I liek this place, I like the fact that anyone can come here and feel welcome. There are pool tables and plenty of TVs for sports-watching. And the beer pricing for a 20oz beer was good. 
I just need to determine if the pint glasses were what I thought they were.Bartender was beyond rude.  We brought in 14 people on a Friday night. The bar was dead. Literally only 5 people in the entire bar. He was incredibly rude. I'll never go here again.My group of friends got kicked out because the bartender was homophobic. They wouldn't even serve them drinks. Terrible customer service and will never go back.Oh, LVL. What exactly is there to say? The pool table here is decent, while my ability at the game is not. The menu has a good number of options, though the food is generally not good. Definitely do not blow your bucks on the chicken fingers. When you read chicken fingers, imagine the cook's literal take: thin and overcooked. 
Definitely do not order well tequila. Who knew that crap existed, but it's a dangerous, dangerous path to take. Luckily the bathroom is not as frightening as one might expect. Very occassional drugged out patrons, on the other hand, can be. This is 7th & Chestnut, so the clientele ranges erratically sometimes.
Libby is an awesome server. She completely agrees with my friends and me that hip-hop should always be available on the jukebox. Sadly, the owner only enables it during certain unreasonable hours. Like the afternoon before work is out? or something. 
LVL is just a dark nexus of low expectations and weirdly banal groups of people that can be completely satisfying some nights.Great place...2 pool tables...never a long wait. Usually a few good shooters. Stick are ok for a cheap bar..some good some bad. Various floor elevation which is to be expected in a building this old. $1.00- 1.25 to shoot which is pretty good in Downtown Philly. City Wide specials around 5 bucks...food is pretty good for bar food. Prices moderate to inexpensive ..quality of food and service...good to very good. Tons of great photos and posters on the wall paying tribute to the Rat Pack, Las Vegas, great pool shooters, old movies, gagsters, Frank Sinatra, the Eagles, Phlly Trivia, a great place to go for lots of fun on a limited but budget. Great place if you missed a train or a bus and have an hour to kill. Warning...this place is fun and could become addictive...waiting an hour or two for the next bus could easily turn into 5 or 6 hours until you realize that the night is over and you missed everything! Avoid this place if you are in a rush to be somewhere but enjoy having a good time and don't know when to call it quits! This gets 4.5 out 5 stars from me!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME! 
A group of us (15) with the Big Red Pedal Tour ended up at this bar. Not by choice. (And now, not even a future option).  
Obviously, the bar is old, but what bar in Philly doesn't has history? The fact is the customers from the Big Red Pedal Tour is free money to the establishment. This is an opportunity for the bar to advertise, market, and make profit to a population that would've never given the bar an option. Everyone is in a good vibe and spending state of mind during the pedal tour.
Unfortunately, the bartender was VERY RUDE. She was very impatient, condescending, and neglectful. Our drinks were watered down and we were the biggest group in the bar. There is no reason to pick an attitude with your customers. When you've got only 4 other customers and 15 people walk in for a pedal tour, it's no brainer that they're looking for a good time. We were expecting royal treatment, but at least equal respect. It's was so unexpected and unfortunate, but luckily, we didn't stay long. 
Management needs to decide- either break off from the Big Red Pedal Tour route or hire bartenders that will share some respect to your customers! Losing free business is a waste of time.Rude homophobic bartenders. I will never return to this establishment ever ever again. I recommend you avoid it all costs.Walked in late one day
Sat at a table and read
No server saw meDivey atmosphere. Pool table in the back with a few cool alcoves to duck into. Some high top tables near the window and a pretty decent tap selection. Close to the speed line for Jersey peeps.Cool place to chill or for a night cap. It's close to my neighborhood so that's a plus. They also have discounted 20 ounce draft beers on certain nights (be still my heart), pool tables, a jukebox, and general tom-foolery.  Krisiti is the best bartender!! So sweet and always so attentive! Not quite a dive but it's hot cousin that you might hook up with haha. 
Seriously, a great option to check out if you're not too far away and like something more chillThis was a good solid cheesesteak one block from independence hall.  Jess was amazing.  She was doing everything.  I wouldn't be surprised if she made the cheesesteak.  We got the Las Vegas Lounge made cheese sauce.  $12.95 and it came with French Fries.  Good stop if you are looking for history, a cheesesteak and a drink.