I have ordered take out from here numerous times and always had great experiences. They have delicious speciality pizzas, buffalo chicken being my favorite! They also have a good selection of pastas and chicken entrees. The salmon entree was even great with delivery. 
However, I have had unpleasant experiences when eating in here. The set up is very confusing on whether you should sit or order from the front and I've been told different things when I have asked where I should order. 
Service was very slow and clearly not centered on the customers eating in the restaurant. A chicken sandwich and wings took over 45 minutes to come out with only one other table in the restaurant. When I asked about it after waiting 40 minutes, their response was,  "It'll be right out", with no apology. I'll stick to take out.Decent pizza, chewy crust. Arugula prosciutto was edible, although it could have sat in the oven a little longer to crisp the prosciutto.Great takeout pizza - really enjoyed the gorgonzola one - prices were a little high though, and the eating area wasn't too clean.I've been to the Philadelphia location a few times within the last year or so and loved it, but my last visit was a total contrast to the restaurant I'm used to. The girl that took our order was rude from barking at my bf that my lemonade is going to take a long time and we should pick something else to barking at us we need to leave over a half hour early before closing because someone needed to clean. Let's not forget the very noticeable absence of a thank you all night. The last time I was here someone came to my table and took our orders, pleasantly. My bf ordered the chicken Marsala and was expected to eat it with his hands due to the lack of silverware until I inquired about non- disposable eating utensils. Now let's get to the person making the pizza being the only person working. Everyone else was texting, staring at us, staring at the tv, and continuously entering and exiting the door behind us (that had a broken do not use sign) as we're trying to eat. Back to the person making the pizza, my bf noticed that he was also the only person that took out the trash. I truly hope he washed his hands and had some help at some point during the night. Our calamari and pizza was about as good as I remember, but my bf's chicken Marsala was not anywhere near as good as we anticipated. Overall, considering the attitudes, shotty service, lack of drink selection, and price of it all we were very disappointed. I was very embarrassed to have highly recommended LaScala's to him and have that be the experience. There were too many people working last night for so many things to have been so negative.I was staying at a hotel and completely unfamiliar with the local restaurants. I opened my GrubHub app and blindly selected the first place I saw. Surprisingly, the Fettucine alla Romano (shrimp, crab and peas in a cream sauce). I wasn't expecting anything spectacular. But boy was I pleasantly surprised. It was amazing! Highly recommended.My go to take out place! Living in the city you have endless options. However , sometimes you want quality comfort food.  In the 3 years we have been ordering and eating in there I have only had one less then satisfying meal( the spinach on my pizza was on its last day ). Other then that time, my pizza, salads , eggplant  Parm have always been delicious.We ordered pizza from here for the first time and it was great! We got the sweet and spicy chicken. There was a ton of cheese, the chicken was well cooked, the flavor was great, best pizza I've had in Philly!110 minutes for delivery. ..pizza was COLD...driver called 5 times because he had no idea where he was going...so much for a place called 'pronto' i will never be ordering again....Have ordered from La Scala's Pronto at least 10 times and have not been disappointed.  
The pizza is always very good.  The crust is delicious - not too thick, not too thin.  The different varieties of pizza including traditional cheese, pepperoni, and buffalo chicken are all great.
A few other favorites:
The buffalo wings are well-sauced, meaty, and tasty.
The chicken parm entrée and the chicken parm grinder are both well-done.
We have liked everything we have ordered and plan to keep on trying new things and ordering our favorites.In this case what you see is what you get. With limited lunch options in the area, this place gets the job done when it comes to individual slices. A couple slices and a drink will run you $9 which is not ideal but once again local options are limited but at least they take corporate AMEX cards. The size of the slices never are uniform so you better believe I point to the exact slice I want.
My favorite slices you ask? BBQ chicken, anything sicilian, and don't overlook the carmelized onions as a topping. My personal preference would be for some more sauce and cheese but I definitely enjoy their wood fired crust. 
A decent amount of seating but be warned this place fills up at lunch. Maybe one of these days I will get around to trying some of the Italian entrees but with all the varieties of pizza slices staring you down upon entering, it is tough to get past this station.I really like this place for dine-in or take-out. Everything I've had from here has been fresh and prepared well. The staff is welcoming and already to offer a suggestion or answer a question.   It gets really crowded during the week at lunch time, but they are really good at keeping the line moving.I'm a little embarrassed to say it, but they have the best wings (at least for delivery) in NoLibs. Their rigatoni vodka is to die for (but I substitute gnocchi).
A little expensive but well worth it.Great Pizza and Friendly Staff.  Stopped there on my way home from work and it only took 15 mins for dinner to go.   I got the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes which were homemade and had a great tomato cream sauce to go along with it.   Also, their salads are huge. I ordered the house mista and it was enough for two meals. Great place!This place has the best slices in the area.  I think the fancy slices are $3.25 a pop which is fine by me given the quality of the product.  I'm a big buffalo chicken guy and the buff slices here are on pointtttttt.  Dont waste your time with City View, the pizza here is far superior.This review is based on their catering only, but my office has had this place cater a few parties and meetings.  The food was amazing each time and I absolutely think they have the best eggplant parmesan in the world.   Their pastas are good, and their La Scala's salad is always delicious.  Only downside to the catering is that it's a little pricey, so just be mindful of that, if you are ordering for a large party.I frequent this place for lunch during work when I want to carb out and I have to say it is a little corner place that hits the nail on the head. I have tried pretty much everything on the menu and have no negative comments on any of the food. It would have received 5 stars if my order came out the way I ordered it on a 2 occasions.I am giving it 5 stars for their delivery service, I've never been to the restaurant itself.  For delivery, it's the highest quality I can find in my area that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for delivery.  I highly suggest the salmon... it's not cheap, but it's really good.  I feel like it's the kind of dish you would put on a plate and try to pretend you cooked on your own to impress someone.  All my roommates love the pastas and salads, but we've never ordered the pizza.  So if you want high quality delivery food, this is your best bet.Found this place on grubhub, took 20 mins tops from order til delivery, was piping hot and delicious. I got the sweet and spicy wings, broccoli and the fettuccine with shrimp and crab (but swapped the Alfredo sauce for the tomato cream sauce) and all of it was excellent. It was enough food for me and my fiancée and some leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Will definitely order again! Oh, and also got a piece of tiramisu. Although the tiramisu's presentation made it look like a scoop of pudding than what tiramisu square actually looks like, it still tasted delicious and wasn't too soggy or overpowering like other tiramisu in the area (ahem trios).This was my first time visiting this establishment because sitting in 4 hrs of traffic and snow was unbearable, so I parked my car before continuing to Delaware.
To my delight, the pasta dish I chose was so tasty and the pizzas looked so good that I ordered two speciality pizzas, the veggie pizza was out of this world and the sausage and peppers was also very good .
Desserts, OMG , the homemade Tiramisu was so light and fluffy and the cannoli's were perfectly crisp and perfectly filled .
The staff was on top of things which is very important and my waitress was a sweet heart
I really lucked out coming to that red light and deciding to take a break from snow and traffic and entering restaurant Heaven.
Thank You Everyone , I will bring my Philadelphian family there soon.LaScala's Pronto is the new kid in town dressed in preppy clothing and creating quite a reputation. I stopped by with some friends a couple months back and loved the place! I say preppy because the pizza is more expensive than your run-of-the-mill pizza joint. That being said, you will want to keep coming back regardless of the price.
The number of different pizzas available "by the slice" caught my attention, as did the cozy interior of the restaurant. The counter workers were nice enough, too. The only complaint that I have about La Scala's is the location. It is sort-of located on a random street away from a lot of people. Parking can be an issue too. The pizza is worth it though, so the added effort to get to this gem is worth the dig. Check it out!Pronto was great until they started to not deliver to Fishtown! The market around here is prime for a decent Italian place as all we have are sub prime pizza places (aside from Pizzeria Beddia which is absolutely amazing).Had a late night dinner with friends at this joint. The staff there were friendly and the food was good. Dropped my hat on my way out and it was there for me the next day. Don't know what this place looks like during lunch / dinner hours, but there was plenty of space late on a winter weekday night. The prices were as low as one might expect, but the portions were big.This is my first review and I had to post it. I just ordered from here for the first time. The food arrived fast, hot, and almost too pretty to eat. I ordered a salad, fried mozzarella, and a small margarita pizza. Everything was excellent and I am so excited to have left overs. Definitely will order from here agin.I went here for a quick pick me up during my lunch hour. The service was prompt. I ordered two slices a Margherita & a Plain slice with a small coke. I was impressed by their will def be going back for more. Also, you guys they offer a real small coke size which is great because I usually end up wasting half of the drink if it's the standard American size. The place feels like a restaurant and has tables available stacked with pepper, oregano, and ketchup. It doesn't feel like your average college campus late night eats pizza place!LaScala's Pronto is one of my favorite places to order food from. They did some catering for me this past weekend -- sandwich trays. I asked them not to use bread with sesame seeds because of an allergy and they specifically ordered bread without seeds which was great. The food was awesome -- the ONLY reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it would've been nice to have received the food on trays we were able to serve the food on rather than aluminum pans. Luckily I had extra serving trays! Other than that though, I highly recommend LaScala's Pronto for catering or for any day!My go-to delivery place. Excellent pizza and the french fries are cooked perfectly every time. Desserts are pretty good as well, your standard Italian pizza place fare (cannolis, slices of chocolate cake, etc.).I turn to Pronto when I'm craving takeout pasta and they do not disappoint. You wouldn't think such good Italian food could come from a corner shop in Fairmount, but it does! The penne vodka rigatoni is full of creamy sauce and full of pancetta. I've also had the tortellini with Parmesan cheese sauce and it was so delicious too.  Every time I order from there the pasta is cooked to perfection and the sauce is so rich and creamy. The portions are very generous and it is usually enough to feed me for two meals. Highly recommended.We picked up a pie from here on a lazy night - but we were not impressed. It lacked toppings and was pretty dry and boring, but the menu seemed to be full of delicous tasting options. We were disappointed, but I'd be willing to try it one more time since it is so close and convenient. The online ordering system is easy to use and they are quick and reliable.I ordered a pizza from here via seamless.  The pizza was supposed to arrive at 6:00pm, but came at 5:25pm, which is always a pleasant surprise!  
They pizza was good.  The crust was crispy and the toppings sufficient. It was a little bit more greasy then my preference, but still delightful.  The large was very large with large slies.  The pizza in fact was a bit bigger than the box and was folded on the side because of the giant size.  
I would order from here again.Came here for dinner - ordered sandwich as the pizza looked pretty old. Sandwich was tasteless and the fries were too salty. 
Not returning here.I love their food so much and order it all of the time.  Just now I called them to add something I forgot to the order, and the woman I spoke to said no problem.  It turns out the driver turned around just to pick up the extra item for me.  I really appreciate this place and am so glad its close to me house!The picture I posted separately can speak for itself.
On 10/27/16 we ordered delivery from LaScalas. Two Caesar salads. 
My salad had a dead fly in it that I almost ate thinking it was a large pepper fleck.
We called to inform the restaurant and spoke to the manager, William. William said "we don't have flies here" and offered us absolutely nothing. 
Flies carry disease and this is a health risk.
I understand a fly perhaps IN a restaurant, but NOT in my food.
Check the food before you serve it.
I saw other reviewers had posted finding plastic, metal and more flies in their takeout food.
This restaurant needs an inspection!Good for slices of all kinds. Also have pretty good salads at lunch time. I get the Mista salad with grilled chicken, which has a ton of chicken.  Stick with  the multitude of slices and you'll be happy.The best salads around this area which is fast and convenient. I enjoyed my first time here very much and the portions are huge.Called ahead and picked up a Chicken Caesar Salad for lunch. The waiting/ordering area is busy and a little chaotic during lunch hour, expanding into the seating area, but not too bad for a small place. 
The salad is great. Large portion, fresh, and generous with chicken, it also came with a roll; all for $10. I will definitely be coming back for both the salad and more. They do have lunch specials too, and I'll take a picture of that menu soon.I live down the street so it's an easy Friday night place to get pizza from. I do pick up so can't comment on delivery, but it's inexpensive and good. Looking forward to trying some of their other options as well.eh (not to confused with the 2 star Meh). Ended up here for lunch because our first 29 choices were closed (apparently Monday is "close for lunch" day?) and ordered the chicken parm sandwich. It was very big, but for just under $10 I felt like I should've been given a half size option as well.
The salad my coworker got looked alright, and the pizza certainly was decent. I just wasn't blown away, and for food that unhealthy I wanted more tasted and perhaps a little less price.I got the arugula salad. The Gorgonzola cheese was too overwhelming for this salad.  I loved the sun dried tomatoes. I don't recommend the grilled chicken because it tasted precooked and refrigerated and then heated up.   I went to the location in the Comcast building so that might have something to do with the quality. I would go here again and try something new. They had good looking menu choices in general and it's better than fast food.Everything here is sooo good. I wish I found out about this place sooner. My hubby and I get Grubhub from here often! My fav is the eggplant parm and pasta with vodka sauce! Oh and the chicken parm pizza is sooo yummy!Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me...let's just say I am a big fool for giving this place more than one terrible chance. I have tried a variety of their meals and they are just down-right NAST-AY! The calzone was HUGE but the fillings were clearly frozen and the calzone was delivered downright sitting in a puddle of water...completely wet and unappetizing. Pizza is equally as bad. 
Don't get me started on the pasta, overcooked, underseasoned--- Chef Boyardee would have been better. The meatballs that were delivered were quite possibly one of the most disgusting things I have ever eaten. No joke. I don't even know what type of meat was used but it was borderline inedible. Will NEVER EVER EVER order from here again.The pizza was great! However, the service was terrible, which made the pizza much less enjoyable. From the cashier to the person who called our name so we could pick up our own pizza tray from the counter, I felt like they thought they were doing me a favor. It's sad because the pizza was good, though did not taste like brick oven pizza...This place is SO good.  We were so pleasantly surprised with the food.  I got a stromboli while my husband got a pizza.  Oh my goodness, I was in heaven.  We were both absolutely overwhelmed with how good the food was.  Truly quality and so good.  The portions are generous and my husband and I could have split my food alone.  It delivers here in Fairmount, too.  Most restaurants are huge snobs to delivering here (even some chains) so we were grateful for the ones that are not.  This gives us more selection...and how we found one of our NEW favorites!A clean and decent place to get a slice or hot hoagie. Prices are moderate and the staff is quick and attentive. I don't think the pizza is that good though. Very thick and doughy. Maybe some of you might like that.
City View right down the street has better pizza.Ordered a plain pie and not only did the pizza show up cold and needed to be put in the oven. It was crushed with all the cheese was stuck to the top of the box. I asked the delivery guy what happened and all he was able to tell me was "oh sorry, I had another delivery." What does that mean???  I asked if he can call the restaurant because I don't feel it is right to pay for a pizza that is essentially destroyed. They would not refund my money or offer any compensation. I will never order from here again. Poor customer service and very disappointing.I have never dined in, only ordered delivery twice.  First time got the "homemade " mozzarella sticks, and an eggplant parmesan sub, they were standard, nothing great. Recently ordered a white pizza with ricotta, broccoli, and spinach, it was super bland, no garlic at all I could taste, tasted like cheese bread with veggies, not gross, but not the regular white pizza I am used too.  I won't be ordering from here again with all the other yummy places around.Went there twice and both times the service and wait time was awlful. The first time I was eating in it took so long for the food to get to the table I had to have it boxed and taken home. I gave it a second chance since the food wasn't too bad and the service again was so slow the bathroom was gross I will not be going back.Amazing chicken parm and meatball parm subs. Fries are great too. Haven't been disappointed so far.Had some late night chicken parm cravings that La Scala's took care of quickly and deliciously.
Delivery took under an hour, with no component requiring re-heating (huge win).
The mussels app was a gamble considering I had delivery, but was nearly perfect. The steaming in the container opened all the mussels up so eating it was a breeze. The simple white wine, garlic, and crushed tomato sauce was a light and flavorful way to enjoy the very meaty mussels. As for the chicken parm, the  chicken was still very crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. I opted for alfredo on the pasta that was indulgent per usual, better than local pizza places, but not quite as good as made from scratch at home or in a fancier place. 
For $13, the chicken parm its a meal sufficient for two. The combo of price, prompt delivery, and quality make this a solid local choice.Yelpitoooooos ---
Why did I wait soooo long?  I likey!
It was the end of a long Sunday, and the hunny was hungry.  We were debating somewhere close by or a franchise standard.  He did want chinese, but I digress.
I had passed by this place HUNDREDS of times; I remember it was under construction for a while, and I always passed by it late after work on the way home.  So I suggested we check it out.
It was quiet, had a nice warm feeling, and the friendly waitresses were very nice.
We ordered mozzarella sticks (natch!) and one of their speciality pizzas: roasted chicken and broccoli alfredo.
I never had pizza with alfredo sauce, and let me tell you, we were both impressed. Crispy but chewy crust, nice bite sized chunks of chicken, and fresh broccoli all were on point.  BTW, the mozz sticks were nice and fresh too, which was, for lack of a better word, refreshing!
I would definitely go back, if only for this pizza because we enjoyed it so much and because it wasn't that far from home.Very good pizza. Have yet to try other dishes but from the looks of them, they definitely look good. 
A great way to get a tasty pizza without the heavy feel of a deep dish nightmare. Nice and tasty but not too heavy. :}
Great looking selection too for other dishes, but again, have yet to try those. 
Very nice staff too.Okay, so I've had it with this place! The pasta is mediocre and the pizza is okay. The way they treat their food is HORRIBLE! The chicken has the texture of rubber, I think they melt out the chicken and then if they dont sell it they will refreeze it again. It also has a horrible after taste! There were PLASTICS (YES, PLASTICS) fried with my calamari (I will upload a picture for everyone to see). I never write reviews but I am so pissed off with this place I feel like I have to. Also if someone chokes on the plastics they can seriously get hurt. This place is ridiculous! I will never order from there again, EVER! NOT even if they paid me to eat there! Go to Santucci's on Broad and Wallace or City View. Skip this place unless you want plastic in your food.La Scala's is a nice place to grab a slice of Pizza on the fly, but in the wise words of Seahawks CB Richard Sherman, I thought the Stromboli was "mediocre at best."
I ordered the Stromboli with pepperoni, and I had a hard time finding the pepperoni. Where they skimped on the pepperoni, they more than made up with cheese, so it was still quite filling. Maybe I've been spoiled by the superb Stromboli I've had in south Philly, but unfortunately, this one wasn't one I wish to remember. 
The service and atmosphere were the only redeeming qualities-- 3 stars.This place is great! I've ordered takeout several times. The chicken parmigiano is great, and it's the best pizza I've ever had.The pizza topping wasn't bad, but the base was frankly disappointing (we went for the wholewheat option).  Too thick, and really difficult to chew.  It was almost like they'd reheated the pizza or something....  We would have also liked to have seen some evidence of tomatoes on our pizza.  But maybe that's being a bit picky.
Not sure we'd go back. There are much cheaper, tastier options in the neighborhood.I would've been better off with a frozen pizza. Wasn't very flavorful and the crust was soggy.An interesting and eclectic salad selection. My favorite, The roasted beet and goat cheese salad. I'll be back for an entree.Consistently Excellent food!  Delivery is quick and we highly recommend these authentic Italian dishes!I'm always searching for a good go-to neighborhood pizza place, and since I haven't quite found it yet in the Fairmount-Spring Garden area, I tried La Scala's Pronto.  I hadn't heard anything about the place so I wasn't expecting much, and unfortunately I wasn't impressed at all.  The large cheese pizza with bell peppers arrived lukewarm (delivered only 5 blocks from the restaurant) and very pale if not undercooked.  I was disappointed with the lack of flavor in everything, cheese, crust, sauce, nothing tasted fresh or seasoned-- I might as well have gotten a Celeste frozen pizza.  The consistency of the cheese was off-putting, very dense and not easy to chew.  I tried improving it by adding salt and pepper and putting it in the oven for 15 minutes, but this did very little to help, and my stomach hurt all night after 1 piece.  I can't speak to their other menu items, but this pizza was awful.  If you're looking for a good, inexpensive place, I'd recommend Fairmount Pizza & Grill.Gave this place a second shot.  It's just fair...the food, the service, etc.  The prices are a bit high too.  Not worth it.Nicely surprised considering a delivery order is almost Always a nightmare in the city.  Order was on time and food was very good.We order through Grubhub. Food is excellent. Try the porkchop. Quality food and reasonable prices.I have no clue how this restaurant is affiliated with all the other Lascala's restaurants since all the other ones are tremendous. The food here is trash ordered "brick oven pizza" and it was so soggy it was like eating a piece of playdough ,chicken parm sandwich was terrible 80% breading 20% chicken , wings were dry rotted and nothing had any flavor. My stomach is bubbling as I write this !Food is better than average, fries were a little cold but the Stromboli is good. The customer service on the other hand has something to be desired. When I called back to let them know an item was missing the woman on the other end was just like whatever. I will say the delivery man was really nice and apologetic. So not a horrible experience.Pronto does pizza place favorites right. The perfect place for a pepperoni pizza, chicken parm sandwich, or cheese fries. I also recommend the buffalo chicken pizza and the cheese steak - both are very tasty renditions of pizza place staples. I haven't had any of their entrees so I can't speak to those, but if you're liking for some classic Italian-American junk food, Pronto is your place.My mother always says that it doesn't take ALL DAY to tell the truth! With that being said....
La Scala's has the best salads in the Art Museum area. There is always a line to prove my theory!
The pizza is delicious, the wings are great....the EGGPLANT is AWESOME! 
That will be all.Always order their pasta dishes and chopped salad.   Always delicious!We have ordered delivery from this place three times. We will not ever make that mistake again. 
The first time the food was bad, but we thought we could have caught them on a bad day. The prosciutto was sliced thick, almost looked more like corned beef. Very low quality. 
The second time was better, but still mediocre. 
This last time was the final straw for us though. We live 5 blocks from this place. It took an hour on a Wednesday night for our food to arrive. We could have walked, ordered and walked home faster. Which we would have done if it wasn't 8 degrees outside. 
When it did finally arrive, the pizza was cold and the arugula on the pizza was wilted and brown. There was a tip added on to the bill unbeknownst to us, so we tipped the driver before realizing after he left. When we called to complain, the manager said he would send the driver back to refund our money for the pizza. Eventually they brought back the exact amount of the pizza, 12.00, but did not refund the tip that was added before delivery. 
We appreciated the driver having to do all he did, but feel that after all was said and done, spending 17.00 for a ceasar salad was pretty ridiculous. They have lost two customers for good. 
Dont waste your money here. City Pizza at the other end of the block is much nicer, prompt delivery, and the food is better (never had their pizza though so I can't vouch there.)This is a good pie. The cheese is gooey, the pepperoni has that perfect twang, and the crust gets just the amount of crunch you want. Got a good chop salad, a couple excellent pieces of garlic bread, and was very pleased. Only thing I wish could be better is the sauce, which isn't as hearty or flavorful as I like it.On par with Nomad in south philly, this brick oven pizzeria is a favorite for grabbing a slice on my way to class or with my boyfriend before he goes to work. The service is friendly and prompt and the product they serve is fantastic!One Sunday desperate for a quick bite I ended up at La Scala's and it was really quite delicious. The pizza slices were great, perfect cheese/sauce ratio and the ingredients were quality. Cheese fries were also in the picture and they are gigantic and filling. 3 slices of pizza, one giant plate of cheese fries and a fountain drink clocked us at under $15 for lunch for two. I'll take it. 
Cute place to eat in, with a nice ambience and lots of seating. Bathrooms were well maintained and clean too.  I'd definitely stop in again, or even order take-out in the future.If nothing is screwed, food is not bad. I am scared to think tho how the kitchen looks in there. 
I have ordered about 6-7 times, and three were bad experiences. First one, hair in the food. I mean this might happen sometime, but in this case just adds up... The second issue I had was a metallic fish hook found in my chicken parmigiana. If it was tuna salad, I wosuld kind of understand it, but chicken.... Last time I ordered, I found a fried fly, fried together with the chicken wings. Come on guys, clean the damn kitchen because the food aint bad.This place is great for lunch. The line can get pretty long, but it usually moves pretty quickly. They have a bunch of lunch specials, but my favorite thing about LaScala's lunch options is that they sell pizza by the slice, allowing you to try multiple flavors. I tried the Veggie and the White Spinach and both were delicious! I can't wait to try more flavors in the future.Pronto not pronto. While I was not disappointed with the taste of my gorgonzola pizza, i must say that it was not worth the 70 minute wait for delivery. The fries had good flavor and are probably pretty good when they are warm. In the future we will stick with luigi's on 24th & fairmount.As I walked in, I noticed the lunch rush and thought I would be standing in line all day. I was wrong. The clean, friendly pizza restaurant got my food ready within minutes. The chicken Caesar salad was a good portion, but could've been larger for nearly 10 bucks. The pizza selection looked excellent but I have yet to try.The food here is pretty good, but the customer service I received from the girl answering the phone Sunday 3/1/15 around 3:45pm was absolutely  terrible! She was extremely rude and unprofessional with zero phone etiquette. She abruptly told me to "give her a second" place me on hold and then disconnected the call. She didn't even attempt to call back, then when I called back I was treated like I was bothering her. She was not paying attention to what I was trying to order what so ever. I was trying to order a very simple item on the appetizer menu, baked eggplant, and she was about to order an eggplant parmesan sandwich. All I can say is customer service has gone down the drain at this place and I won't be doing business here specifically  because of this terrible employee!I live nearby, and you can't go wrong with the pizza here. It's generally my go-to when I'm in the mood for some pizza, and don't want to pay for delivery (since I just walk over and pick it up).Just ordered delivery through Grubhub, and for the first time got the food earlier than the expected time. It was dank. Don't use too much dressing with the beet and goat cheese salad. The fra diavola linguini is great too.Great pasta and fast delivery. I wouldn't recommend the gnocchi for delivery as it can get soggy, but everything else I've had has been top notch!Excellent in almost every way!
Food is fresh, and tasty.  Garlic is in the air and in your food.  Mmmm!
Restaurant quality food in a large upscale pizza shop setting. 
Highly recommend the pasta dishes.
The broccoli rabe appetizer with grilled polenta is unlike anything you will get at a pizza shop.
The grilled baby artichokes are better than most table cloth, dimly lit Italian restaurants.
They will gladly make modifications of dishes to suite your dietary needs; vegetarians and vegans are welcome.
I have driven by this restaurant on my way to other places too many times and finally stopped in on Friday night.  
Will be sure to be back and be back often.Long day at the office and the team was tired, critical, and hungry.
Via Grubhub.com, we ordered 
The Classic Pizza
The Sicilian Pizza
The Philly Cheesesteak Pizza
French Fries
Grilled Hanger Steak with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and potatoes, 
The order was promised by 6:15 PM.  The order arrived at 6:15 PM.
Everyone praised every dish.  Garlic fans will not be disappointed.
My steak was was tender and perfectly prepared.  The side of potatoes a little overcooked, but tasty none the less.0
The total including tip was 75.44 and worth it.  I will order from La Scala's Pronto again!