Overpriced bland Italian. Will not be returning! They need to change up a few things here!!I went for Restaurant Week. UMMMM ok..
The restaurant is actually very small and compact-very simple decor. I was originally very wary because I didn't think there would be many customers inside, but I guess people came out for Restaurant Week. 
For starters, my friend ordered the meat and cheese plate thing. She didn't really like it much, it just seemed like they just soaked everything in balsamic vinegar. I ordered the rustic salad (sp?) and it was kind of weirdly coated with cheese??? I'm not sure what happened but it just didn't WOW me...I like my salads fresh fresh fresh.
Entree: My friend ordered gnocchi in the tomato sauce. She said it was just ok. I ordered the steak with white beans. Waiter told me that it was a white bean sauce??? I kind of liked it...but I wasn't really full :/
Dessert was pretty good :] Tiramisu was favorite. I should've probably ordered a coffee or something...so sweet!!
I don't think I'll be going back but it was a good restaurant to try!one word AH-MAZING!!!
would have gotten 5 stars if our server came and around more often to serve our wine.... Empty glass no bueno.
But overall Amazing food !!!!!Tried out this restaurant for philadelphia restaurant week - nice decor, friendly staff, decent food.  They started us off with some bread - it was okay, nothing special. I had the Gnocchi w/ tomato sauce, fresh bazil and mozzarella as my entree - it was delish, I got the smaller size and it was the perfect proportion. The dessert was pretty disappointing, an unappealing mix of flavors, we had the restaurant week trio of pastries - the only decent one was the cannoli. All in all, the food was okay - would go back again on a non-restaurant week day.This is one of the best restaurants in the City. The food is outstanding and the service is great. The staff are very nice and very attentive.   I notice the hostess constantly keeping an eye on tables,filli g water glasses,etc. I regularly take clients or out of town guests here.  They all enjoyed their meals and the experience. The gnocchi is the best I ever had.  The menu is intersting and creative - not your typical Italian.  This one of those rare places where every time I go everyone comments about how delicious their meal is.  I highly recommend this place. I never give 5 stars but this place deserves it.Decent Italian food but not the best location. I thought it was overpriced for what it was as well. There are better options towards the square..The 4 of us went here to celebrate my dad's 75th birthday. I called at 4pm on a Friday night in a panic to see if they could accommodate us at 7pm and if they had veal on the menu (my current reservation place had just called me to say they did not have veal despite my putting it on the Opentable reservation and confirming via phone).  They were patient on the phone, answering my questions about veal, and veal piccata, and assured me they could make it. 
We were the first table to be seated (and last to leave) and the ambiance was beautiful, relaxing, and extremely elegant.  The lighting is soft and flattering.  They offered us the window seat and a booth.  My dad chose a table in the middle.  From the start, the service was perfect.  They never missed a beat the entire evening. We started with cocktails which were good.  When I asked a question about the wine, he offered good advice and didn't try to push another wine.     
I started with the grilled octopus.  It had arugula on top which complimented it.  It was grilled just right and not rubbery or mushy.  It was yummy.  My brother got the  started with the buffalo mozzarella and my mom and dad split the beet salad.  They offered to split it in the kitchen which was nice.  Everyone was happy with their order. 
For our pasta course, we all got the half orders.  I got the frutti de mare.  Delicious!  The papardelle Bolognese, tagliatelle and gnocchi Sorrentina were also good.  
For my main course, I got the chicken.  It was good.  But not the best dish on the table.  Both my mother and brother got the Wagu steak and are still talking about it.  My dad's veal piccata was worthy of a monumental birthday and that's all I really cared about.  They took the veal chop on the menu and made it into a piccata dish.  My dad swears it was the best he ever had.  Whew! For sides we got the broccoli rabe and the potato of the day which turned out to be amazing.  I don't remember what it was but it was really good. The only surprising thing was that the veal chop was listed as $43 on the menu and I saw on the bill the next day we were charged $56.  
For dessert we split the zeppole (donut), tiramisu, and cream di castagne.  All delicious.  
I would highly recommend this restaurant.I've had lunch and dinner here numerous times and it's always wonderful.   You must have their pasta, it's all homemade and whatever sauce you choose is a winner.    The room has a very sterile and cold feel to it and you really notice it when the room is empty, but when the restaurant fills up, it takes on a different feel.  Nice little bar in the front of the restaurant and a wine selection that is complimentary to their wonderful food.  The only thing that keeps me from awarding them with a 5th star is the wait staff - they appear to become easily frazzled at lunch or dinner when the place is crowded and they are overwhelmed.  Not sure if it's because they don't have enough hands or because they feel that giving the appearance of being overburdened might make up for inconsisent service.  Hmmmmm.....other than that, this place rocks.The food and the experience were really subpar here. While nothing was really bad, nothing was really good either. In a city filled with good Italian food, this place is definitely forgettable. 
The place was empty on a Friday night, definitely a sign. They had a pretty decent selection of wines, and we wound up ordering a bottle. It was pretty good. Our server however was bad. We saw him when he took our order and that was it. Other than that he was non existent. 
The beer salad that we ordered was more of a carpaccio, and for the price is was absurd. Not much flavor going on, really not a good dish. 
I thought my fiances black pasta with shellfish was ok. The best part to me was the pasta itself. It had retained a nice flavor from the seafood broth. Other than that, it was just ok. The mussels were pretty small, as were the clams, and the shrimp were tough. 
My veal hanger steak wasnt seared properly, so the entire dish was chewy. I liked the flavor of the sauce it was served with, but I couldnt get past the chewiness of the meat. The potatoes were very gluely because they had clearly been overwhipped.
Their dessert wasnt very good either. The fried dough balls werent particularly tasty. They just tasted like fried dough, and the sugar coating wasnt even really adding much.
Definitely hit up one of the other amazing Italian restaurants in the city. This one isnt worth your time.Amazing food! I love the gnocchi with truffle cream sauce and the buffalo monzerrla! 
I've been here a good amount of times due to living across the street. It's my favorite Italian restaurant in the city with homemade pasta and good drinks, but it's a bit too pricey too come to often. When you are looking to splurge the pasta does not disappoint and bar service is great.Went here for Restaurant Week a few years back.  Extremely friendly staff, who didn't treat you like scum because you were ordering the $30 menu and who seemed genuinely happy to be working there.
Even better, it was any three courses for $30, so you could skip dessert and have appetizer, pasta and then main course.  The truffle gnocchi were fantastic and the lamb melted off the bone.
Keep meaning to go back and have never got around to it.  Hopefully when I do, it will live up to the high standards that it set first time around.Yum! Their pastas are handmade. The gnocchi is little delicious pillows of heaven. I was there with a large group. The service was spot on great and everything served looked amazing. I will definitely return.Just went for restaurant week. TERRIBLE service. We had to wait forever for them to even notice us then every other step of the meal took a long time also. Food was alright. The doughnuts for desert were good. Definitely won't be going back. Service was a big disappointment. Also, the waiter talked our ears off. Maybe service would be faster if he limited his talking to like two minutes instead of 5-10.Great mojitos!  Le Castagne is nice place for happy hour that doesn't get too crowded, but is never empty.  It's a chill place to get a drink and relax after work.  It has good specials, especially during Center City Sips, and the appetizers are delish!Went during restaurant week for an 830 reservation.  The restaurant was half-full And we were met by a less than enthusiastic waitstaff.  maybe it was because of the prix fixe menu, but it's not really an excuse...I didn't plan on visiting Philly during restaurant week.  Always suspicious when the busboy seems apologetic for the service.  They offered a truncated menu, which was sufficient in it's choices, but none of the plates stood out.  The melazane app was probably the best with the buff. mozz.  close to terrible.  Home made pastas were good, however.  But the dessert plate was inexcuseable in it's presentation and mediocre at best in it's taste.Solid option in Center City. 
Nothing mind blowing, but every time I've been here I always leave satisfied. The interior is very clean, almost in an industrial vein. It seems a little stuffy at times, but the food is quite good. 
I've had the bolognese which was very good, although the pasta was just a touch overcooked for my taste. I also had the stuffed chicken (really good), but my favorite is the veal in the tomato-porcini sauce. Very tasty, really well done. 
In all, I'd certainly go back. Good spot.Definitely a one and done for this establishment. The ambiance left much to be desired. The high ceilings and the brick walls with mirrored walls intermixed is a decor in identity crisis. From the moment, my boyfriend and I walked in we felt the akward vibes that Le Castagne exudes. We were seated by the bartender, and we let him know that we had a $25.00 restaurant. com certificate ( which brought us to this restaurant in the first place).  He reminded us to familiarize ourselves with the coupon and told us to display it on our table.  We waited  another 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged our table. When the waiter finally got to us he spouted off the specials and we did not see him again for 10 minutes. A man dressed in a shirt and tie who did not appear to be a waiter approached us asking if we wanted a glass of wine. Following him , 10 minutes later, another gentleman came up asking if we wanted to order. We ordered a $16.00 buffalo mozzarella appetizer which consisted of about 4 bites in total of mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto drenched in balsamic. Not an awful dish but should have been priced around $10-$12 rather than $16.
We ordered two pasta dishes the gnocchi tartufo- gnocchi in truffle sauce and the Rigatoni alla boscaiola.  The waiter asked if I would like the entree size or the appetizer size  Being that I was not very hungry I requested the "appetizer" size. The gnocchi was ok, I would give it a B.  However when we went to pay our bill the waiter returned to the table saying that we could not use the $25 certificate because we did not order 2 "entrees". The appetizer size was only $5 cheaper and it didn't indicate on the menu it was an appetizer.  It said $16/$21.  He ended up charging me for the full entree amount even though I only received the appetizer portion. They also automatically added a 20% tip for the two of us due to the fact we were using a restaurant certificate. Not real argument there, but what decent restaurant adds a 20% automatic gratuity. Don'tt they have faith in there waitstaff to leave it up to the patrons who dine there? Especially being that this restaurant is in Rittenhouse Square - I found it a bit insulting. I almost always tip 20% or higher but I do not like being forced into it. 
Overall not a good experience.  
One and Done.  I recommend you are none and done!I had high hopes for this place but unfortunately they fell short. I came for restaurant week with a friend on a Tuesday evening. It was pretty empty inside, there were maybe 5 other tables seated. The decor feels like a steakhouse, not Italian restaurant. It looks like a good place to bring a client or have business dinners as most of the other guests were in suits or business attire.
It took a while for our server to come around and get us water. I found it confusing that the woman who I thought was a host took our wine orders as well as our menu picks, but everything was brought out by a different server who then tended to our table for the rest of the night. I did like that she let me sample the wine before choosing a glass. 
I ordered the tagliatelle to start followed by the braised lamb. The tagliatelle was good. The pasta was delicate and the sauce was tasty although it appeared to be swimming in it and the presentation was not the best. The braised lamb was also tasty but for $29 at full price, I think it is overpriced as it does not come with any vegetables or starch on the side. 
Service was sub par in my opinion for a white tablecloth place. Our server was hard to track down and get his attention even though he was walking around the floor often. It felt almost as if he was purposely avoiding our attention. He gave off a weird vibe, doubting our decisions not to add parmesan to all our dishes and also looking skeptically at the open table dining check I handed to him with the bill.
I will not be returning here. I've had better food and service at other Italian restaurants in Philly.Great and friendly atmosphere. I had the smoked salmon and the braised lamb while the girlfriend had the gnocchi with white tartuffo sauce and pasta bolognese.
First of all, GET THE GNOCCHI. Holy hell it beats Italy. Its fluffy and melts in your mouth. 
The smoked salmon was a bit on the light side, but it was supremely flavorful. The braised lamb also was perfectly cooked and the way the egg on top melts over top of it is to die for.
It's a little on the outskirts of center city (21st and Chestnut), but definitely worth the hike (Especially during Restaurant week!)
My only complaint is that it should be "La castagna" not "Le Castagna". That's the only negative which should speak volumes for everything else.We went here for SIPs because it seemed to have one of the best varieties of SIPs offerings- drinks and food-wise- out there. We got the pulled pork sliders, truffle fries, and grilled flat bread which were all pretty good and even better at half price. The flat bread dough was a little odd for an Italian place- more like a tortilla/ pita mix then pizza.
We ate dinner there because we got the SIPs discount. The bread came with a sundried tomato dipping sauce that seemed promising, but was bland and oily. I got the half-portion of the bucatini with mushrooms because bucatini is one of my favorite pastas. The mushroom sauce was really tasty, but unfortunately, the pasta was underdone. My boyfriend got the gnocchi with truffle cream sauce which was flavorful and light. I was expecting more of an alfredo sauce, but we were both pleasantly surprised that the gnocchi were pillowy and the sauce just rich enough. And the picture of the gnocchi dish on this site looks a lot heavier than it actually is, so don't think you'll be rolling out of the place if you order it.
The server was friendly, and the atmosphere is more comfortable and private than at La Viola (read: more space between the tables). I also like how they offer a lot of their pastas in half portions.We found our rehearsal dinner location!!! Our experience was very good. Came here a couple years ago and thought it would be a good place to explore for our rehearsal dinner. Before we signed though, my fiancé and I wanted to try the place one more time... It did not disappoint. They are recently under new management, which from the vibe of the restaurant is a good thing. 
Ordered: their pesto for the bread, yum. We had seconds, that could have been my app. Started with the Italian sausage, the reduction is on point. I just kept going at it. We wanted to make sure we had a good sampling of the menu, so we continued with the gnocchi in marinara sauce, the texture of the gnocchi was perfect. One of the best I had in a long while. And we continued... with veal raviolis in parmesan cream, the flavors we devine. And we continued... with of course my fav pasta pappardelle Bolognese and braised lamb with a poached egg. By this time I couldn't eat anymore, but one bite of the tender lamb ended the meal. Until dessert of course... zeppole! Order these during the entree course if you want to get them, takes a bit of time. 
Service: our waiter was exceptional, he explained the items well and if he was unsure, he made it a point to follow up with the chef and let us know. The manager met us after our meal and was great at explaining our rehearsal dinner options and put us at ease. Also, sent us out a dessert not on the menu.
Overall: great meal from beginning to end. Can't wait for our event.A good choice for a nice night out that won't break the bankWent there on Friday of labor day weekend for a business dinner.  It was my first visit and will be my last.  
The food was pedestrian.  In a city with a many Italian restaurants at different price points and all of outstanding quality  nothing here is notable.
The service also is a bit off and diffident.  Some of the appetizers came out about 10 minutes after others had been served.  
Absolutely no reason for anyone to go hereHad an issue with the reservation.
Booked online through OpenTable, then when I didn't receive a confirmation, I called in to make sure the reservation was there. The lady who picked up the phone checked that my reservation was in the computer, and confirmed that I would have a table ready for 12 that Friday. 
Of course we got there, and they didn't have record of the reservation. Took standing around with bunch of people, about 10 minutes before they thought to check the canceled reservations spot in the computer, and someone had canceled our reservation! 
They didn't seem eager to fix this problem, and we're not helpful. They were going to turn us away, but finally caved in and let us stay. I think I would have been fine if the hostess and person assisting her would have been nicer about the mixup; it wasn't my fault (I called in to confirm even!) and they were acting like it was my fault and that I was seriously putting them out by trying to get a table for my people.
Of course it's Restaurant Week, so we let the servers know that we were all on our lunch breaks and that we would need split checks at the end. From sitting to getting out it took 2 hours and 15 minutes. 
So we got a nice break from work, but still!
Food was solid. Flourless chocolate cake was amazing. It was just a sad circumstanceI'd been once before for lunch, but I went for Restaurant Week and we all thought it was one of the best Restaurant week deals/meals we'd had yet.
WHITE TRUFFLE CREAM SAUCE GNOCCHI: these were like small pillows made of clouds by cherubs in heaven. sometimes when I'm sad, I think about how good these were.
Ravioli in lobster broth were really good too.
I had the duck which came with a poached egg on top and was delicious. 
My friend tried the chicken with gorgonzola which was also really good.
We all decided the winner was the steak with lump crab meat and tomatoes. The steak melted in your mouth.
The service was great too!I'm not quite sure what all the hype is with this place and how they ended up on the Philly Mag's top 50 list.  I can think of about 10 other places serving Italian cuisine that I would rather dine.  Sub par service, average food, and an overall underwhelming experience.  I'm not saying the place was bad or that I didn't enjoy anything about it.  It's just not in the same league as other restaurants with similar offerings.Husband and I tried Le Castagne on a Thurs in mid December and had a great experience all around.  Food was very good (including dessert) and service was attentive without being obnoxious. Whatever service issues existed in the past (see other reviews) have obviously been heard and addressed.  They also work as a team, meaning if your food is ready and your main server is busy, someone else will bring your food while it's hot.  We will definitely be returning soon.Le Castagna is a pretty nice Italian restaurant on Chestnut, near the corner of 20th.  The decor is modern high class, and the food is yummy Italian.  My friends and I went there for Center City Sips, and we had a nice time.  The restaurant is very spacious, although I thought that the bar area was a bit too small.  The bartender was a bit on the snobby side.  It was hard to get her attention to get a drink, but the guy who brought us our appetizers and cleared away our plates was really nice.  The wine was very good, although the mojito I had was not very good.  Too strong, and the mint was yellowing on the edges, so it wasn't that fresh.  After the mojito, I stuck to red wine, which was very flavorful.  The appetizer specials were good - flatbread pizza and bruschetta (2 artichoke, 2 mushroom, and 2 tomato pieces).  I'd be interested in going here for dinner sometime.  Because I was there for Center City Sips, I don't know how expensive their food normally is, but I think it's probably not terribly expensive, although probably slightly pricey.Poor service even for restaurant week, we sat at 6:00pm it was pretty empty, we had pasta starters they were delicious, but the experience after was dismal. I ordered the lamb, and there was a very sharp, oddly sized piece of bone in it, I said something to the waitress and she said "that absolutely should not be in there" she went in to the kitchen came back and said "the chef says that is normal". They later offered to remove the lamb from the bill, fair enough. Let me preface my next issue with; everyone has a pre-selected desert for restaurant week. That being said after my wife finished eating, and my food had long since been returned we waited an additional 30 minutes for desert which we did not receive until after I had become annoyed and asked for and received our check, while 2 tables in our direct vicinity whom had ordered after us, received theirs first. To top the entire evening off they did not remove the lamb from the order instead added an additional charge for my appetizer, which they fixed. I'm not angry, all of those things minus the bone issue are forgivable, but all together it ruined the experience. I will not be returning here.It's a great place to go in the middle of the city, especially with parking lot right next to it. Makes it easy in busy area. The ambience is awesome, chic, modern, very tasteful. Love the bar area, small but comfortable. The wine list is as extensive as you will find. The menu was diverse and reasonably priced. The reason why the 3 stars instead of 4-5 was the service. They were friendly but unfortunately, always had to ask for a drink refill. The food was served in acceptable time period and was enjoyable but a 3 on scale of 5.Went here for happy hour last summer and stayed for dinner.
Happy hour was good. drinks did their job. Appetizers kept me fed. Then came dinner. Light chatter, dim lights - it was a classy, congenial setting. Waiter was friendly & charming. But the food, oh! The wait was long, the portions were painfully small, and not a single one of our dishes, including my gnocchi (which I had been very excited about), were not impressive.
I'd go back for happy hour were it not for the space issue. The few tables available were all taken, and the bar made it difficult to communicate with more than 1 or 2 friends at a time. I don't mind socializing while standing with a drink in my hand, but there was hardly any space between the bar and the tables.Passion.  It's what elevates a casual dining experience to an event.  It's the mark between a restaurant that is phoning in a series of tired, traditional dishes from one that is providing an experience.  Le Castagne has passion, and it shows in the quality of the food and the manner of the service.
Antipasti - The Buffalo Mozzarella is fresh and moist, successfully paired with generous prosciutto slices and an apple chimichurri.
La Pasta - Gnocchi with White Truffle Cream sauce.  The star of the evening.  Almost a tantric dining experience, and if you are going for restaurant week, make this your entree.
Carne - the Hanger steak was correctly cooked (as rare as the health department allows) and pleasingly joined with caramelized red onion, cannellini and not too much sauce to interfere with the beef.
Dessert - House-made zeppole frites were warm, light and delicious.
Not every dish hit the mark- this time of year we should be seeing fresher beets than what was on the plate in the Barbabietole Arrosto; the Pollo e Pesto was very light on the pesto and just barely cooked through to the point where we debated sending it back.
The service is what really put this meal over the top.  Everyone from our server, to the owner, to the bus staff was attentive, friendly and personal.  When we inadvertently received the Gnocchi al Sorrentina, the owner immediately went back into the kitchen and a few minutes later emerged with the treasured white truffle sauced beauties.  
We couldn't finish the three pasta dishes on the table.  Knowing that only one person would leave with the coveted white truffle gnocchi, the staff packed each remaining plate away in an unmarked bag for us to randomly choose from, so that we could each savor the anticipation of a private fifth course later on.
Go there this week if you can, but go there.I have eaten here several times.  Each has been very good whether in a group or in a small party.  I most recently had the pappardelle with sausage.  It was very good!
Service is attentive.  
Definitely worth while.I love it here.  I just do.  The table by the window - especially when the weather is nice.  The bar with it's unique wine storage, and especially the food.
Trennette pasta is house made in saffrom suace.
The stuffed tomatoes (side dish) are so yummy
The mixed antipasta platter is near perfect.
So what if the staff is aloof?  The receptionist cold and sterile?  The decor is sleek and not warm and welcoming - but beautiful nonetheless.
I love eating here.  It ain't perfect - but I feel 4 stars is too low.
I'm giving it 5.
The fish - oh I forgot about the fish - whatever the special fish is - GET IT!!!!  It will be fresh and delectable.Came here for Sunday brunch. YUM! 
The coffee was delicious and strong. I got a french toast brioche stuffed with nutella, rum and carmelized bananas with handmade fresh whipped cream and strawberry on top. WOW, what fresh ingredients, just enough food, not too heaping with portions. I will be back next time I visit!First impression: very elegant decor and ambiance. Was there for restaurant week. The menu did not disappoint dispute the limited menu. Had a wide variety of choices. 
Went with two girlfriends and every dish we had was satisfying and perfect portions. The gnocchi was incredible. I had the braised lamb over a poached egg. Amazing. Dessert was superb. I would honestly go there just for a cappuccino and dessert. 
Service was very good, the dishes came out with enough time in between so you weren't overwhelmed. If you want a high end italian place to eat, it's worth it, especially for restaurant week.Extremely impressed, not only with food, but with the impeccable service. 
I went with two coworkers for Restaurant Week (entree/appetizer/dessert for $35 per person). I don't have a single complaint about our meal (that's unusual for me). We got the buffalo mozzarella and beet salad appetizers, the pappardelle and both types of gnocchi (cream sauce and red sauce), and chicken and steak for the entree. Followed by the cannoli and zeppole for dessert. The best part of the meal was the cream gnocchi. I apologize for my poor use of Italian terminology; these dishes truly did have really beautiful Italian names. 
I was extremely impressed with the service and the management. Our server brought out one incorrect pasta dish and had it fixed within three minutes flat. ... And we got to try another delicious type of gnocchi (I ain't even mad). They constantly checked on us and made sure we had everything they needed. 
I have been here once before, probably about a year ago, with a large group. No issues then either, but this experience was particularly memorable. The owner told us they've changed management within the past two years and the environment is completely different. 
This is a great date-night spot without being stuffy. If you go here, you must try a house-made pasta dish!For almost a year, I have been planning a Rehearsal Dinner. I specifically looked at Rittenhouse Square to have the dinner, as the Church where the wedding was being held was close by and thought it would be easiest if we had a restaurant we could walk to after the Rehearsal. We sampled other restaurants prior to visiting Le Castagne and none delivered what we were looking for. We visited Le Castagne in the winter for a trial dinner and were very pleased. We reserved our June date and during the ENTIRE PLANNING PROCESS, Carlo, the Restaurant Manager, was marvelous. With that being said, the time came to have our Rehearsal Dinner last weekend, I can only say, they EXCEEDED our expectations. Every single thing was perfect. The food was outstanding and everyone raved about it. If planning an event or just a simple dinner out in Philadelphia, look no further ... they do it so extremely well! THANK YOU SO MUCH CARLO AND STAFF - Can't wait to return for the Bolognese!A great find. Not too expensive, with all the pros of an expensive restaurant: Incredible Italian food (not homey Italian, though - well-presented high-class Italian), chic setting and fancy tables. (The interior is draped with white fabric and dotted with candles.)
Let's play a game. It's called guess how much. Winner makes reservations at Le Castagne (which means chestnut).
1)  Parmesan cheese flan with a pistachio crust drizzled with sour cherry & port wine reduction 
2)Spaghetti sauted in a chestnut cream sauce topped with cocoa powder
3)Gnocchi served in a white truffle cream sauce
Answers:
1) $14 2) $15 3) $16It just gets better and better.  The staff here is awesome and the food is even better. My friend and I went here for dinner last night and sat by the front where the large window was open to the street and we got a great breeze and enjoyed the beautiful Spring weather.  We both had the gnocchi appetizer (in a light cream sauce) which was probably the best gnocchi this italian girl has ever had (sorry, mom).  I ordered one of the fish specials (sole w/ a lemon caper sauce) and it was perfect.  They even cooked it right at the table for us.  We also had a delicious bottle of red wine and finished our meal with a plate of fresh fruit.  All the while, the waiter consistently checked on us to see if we needed anything and to refill our glasses of wine and water (and I drink a lot of water).  The owner came over to talk to us as well and see how our meal was and was so friendly and nice.  A+ all around!I had wanted to go to this restaurant for a long time, because i kept passing by it on the street and thought the decor was very cool. I finally went with my girlfriend to celebrate our anniversary.
Comparing the great yelp reviews and my experience, however, it seems to me that this restaurant is resting on its laurels. 
My dish was quite tasty (Tagliolini allo scoglio), but the service was not up to par. Here's why:
1- When we ordered, the waiter assumed we wanted the full, rather than half, plate. We discovered this only when the check came and was $10 more than we thought it would be. This is partially our fault, but it would have been courteous of the waiter to ask in case we forgot (as was the case).
2- When I asked for a second glass of wine, it never showed up. The waiter eventually realized this, but by then, it was after we had finished eating.
3- I'm pretty sure part of someone's manicured nail ended up in my mouth at some point. Unconfirmed! - but still, inedible.
Anyway, the dish was delish, but the restaurant needs tighten its service if it wants to continue to be deserving of its 4+ star reviews.I think the lower than 4 stars ratings are off base. Service was great. Timing of food delivery was perfect.  Wine selection was limited but good.  Pasta is fresh and awesome. Gnocchi was the best.  Disagree with those saying its stuffy. Maybe it's the company?  Don't miss this place.Truly excellent food.
My girlfriend and I went to Le Castagne for Restaurant Week after finding high praise for it here on Yelp. It should be noted that we were about 10 minutes late for our reservations, but were sat immediately - unfortunately, after standing at an unattended host stand for about 5 or 6 minutes, which is a bit long. The service left a bit to be desired - more on that later - but the food was amazing.
Bread Service - The bread was clearly freshly baked , warm  and delicious. The olive oil dipping sauce was the highlight and absolutely divine. The only knock here was that we only received one roll each, which was a real shame as I would loved to have some to sop up the wonderful sauces on the rest of our meal.
1st Course - I had the gnocchi with the white truffle cream sauce. Let me say right off the bat that I love gnocchi. It is my single favorite pasta and I tend to order it whenever an opportunity arises at a promising restaurant. These gnocchi were the best I've had, period. They were incredibly light and fluffy and practically dissolved in my mouth and their flavor was out of this world. The cream sauce was delicious and subtle, adding flavor while allowing the gnocchi to take center stage.  It was absolutely the highlight of the meal. 
2nd course - I had the Vitello alla Milanese on the waiter's recommendation. The veal portion was shockingly generous and beautifully cooked.  The sausage was also excellent and the tomatoes tasted like they were fresh. It was a fantastic and filling dish.
Dessert - The dessert, alas, was where Le Castagne fell a little short. The trio of pastries were just ok - the cannoli was the only one I'd call above average - but this may be a symptom of Restaurant Week. Their regular desserts certainly sound excellent (Ricotta Cheesecake? Yes, please!).
The service, as I indicated above, was the only serious flaw in what was otherwise a fantastic meal. Our server himself was very friendly, welcoming and extremely knowledgeable. However, the pace of the meal was... off.  The time between bread service and first course was far too long considering how small the bread portions were, but the real problem hit after dessert. My lady love and I sat for about 8 minutes with completely empty plates before were asked if we were checked back on to see if we wanted coffee. We had to go so we asked for the check... which took, somehow, almost 15 minutes - an eternity for a diner at an empty table.
Overall, an excellent meal and I heartily endorse Le Castagne - just make sure you order the gnocchi, it's not to be missed.Went for a business lunch.  Would had given five stars but the service was slow.  Pasta was fresh and portions were just right for lunch.My mother suggested we try this restaurant because of an article she read in a tourist-friendly guide, which rated it #2 in the city after Vetri. So we gave it a go when they were visiting town.
The place has an awesome window that is often open when I pass by during the day, but they had closed it for the dinner seating. It's quite formal inside, a little on the bland side, decor-wise, but nice overall. Our waitress was attentive while still giving us space and time to order and talk, and she was very knowledgable about the menu without being overly didactic.
And the food was fantastic. We ordered an antipasti plate as well as a savoury cheesecake (parmesean flan), and both were the right portions to start a meal and tasted wonderful.
My parents both ordered pasta dishes, my dad having the gnocchi with a fresh marinara sauce and my mom having a bread pasta with brown butter sage sauce (fantastic). I ordered the lamb timbale, a dish that had won a Philadelphia Magazine award and one that seemed popular that evening. It was slow-cooked shaved lamb with wild mushrooms and a demi-glace over a garlic crostini, with a poached egg on top. Amazing.
For dessert, I had the creme brulee and my mom had the ricotta cheesecake. Both were nice portions and pretty tasty, but nothing to write home about. Overall, a nice way to end my parents' visit (good food, no fighting).I came here for restaurant week.  All in all it wasn't bad... but not exactly what I was expecting for the price.  Service was a trifle slow, but friendly and accommodating for our large group.  The penne was delicious, and so were the sea scallops were above average.  Dessert wise the cannoli was fairly good, and the rice pudding was pretty bad.  Definitely undercooked.  Don't get me wrong, the food was very good (except that rice pudding), but for your money you can do better.My wife and I went yesterday for lunch to kick off the Restaurant Week.  Actual menu differed significantly from the items on the RW website, but there were still reasonable options for a $20.00 lunch. We made reservations for 1:15 and showed up 20 minutes early.  The place was half empty, but we still honored the original schedule.  Had drinks at the bar ($9.00 for a HEFTY pour of premium Irish whiskey.. better than most restaurants.) 
The venue is attractive.. spartan, yet still white-tablecloth hip. Most patrons were well-dressed but a few tables of students were much more casual.
Standard hot rolls (no doubt frozen pre-baked, but tasty nonetheless) were served with a sort of sun-dried-tomato pesto. Nicely done.
App courses were carpaccio (nice portion of filet with capers) and an interesting and quite attractive order of heritage beets served with a dollop of goat cheese mousse.  The mousse was mostly fresh whipped cream with a hint of goat cheese.. a little too subtle for my tastes, but nicely prepared.  The pork strip loin advertised was not on the actual menu, but a nicely pan-seared rib chop was a good substitute. Perfectly done, served on a bed of bitter greens.  Wife ordered flat-iron steak (I'm sure she was served hangar, which IMO is preferable) over a bed of barley.
Food was piping hot (I'm surprised about so many posts complaining about temps.) The only thing cold was the downstairs bathrooms.
The food was subtly seasoned, but quite good.  I don't think the chef was after bold flavors.
Service was friendly, an polite but not overbearing.  Waitress missed a few things (like silverware with the second course, and a requested refill of ice tea) but was very apologetic and rectified both errors quickly.  To waitresses and a runner serviced the whole ground floor which was half full.  Not bad service for that ratio.  I'm not sure I would rush back to pay full prices (I WOULD drink there if I were in the neighborhood and thirsty) but I have certainly had meals for more money that were less enjoyable.  
Maybe my praise is faint, but overall, we had no real complaints.I think I'm going to be the Debbie downer or the most pragmatic person to do a review here of this restaurant. 
Ambience, decor and service - I would give a 3.5 star. It's a bit more business friendly and definitely blue-haired folks. I went there for my mom's 81st birthday and forgot that its restaurant week.  I've been here once before. My long lost friend iend and I ended up ordering dinner at the bar. I believe that was 3 years ago.
Tonight, was a clear let down. We started with the gnocchi with the white truffle cream sauce and mom had the arugula with beets and balsamic reduction dressing. Both were wonderful. I ordered the veal short rib and my mom ordered the salmon for entree. What came out was a veal short rib that was so inedible that the outside wAs lukewarm and the inside was cold. The fat was still gluey that I got scared that I would get bacterial meningitis. So, I had that one bite and set the plate aside.  My mom's salmon was decent. But her polenta and vegetable medley was cold.  The maitre'd or asst manager came after i had toldher i wanted my plate put pf the table. she asked me if I wanted anything else on the house. I said, no thanks. At that point,I had lost my appetite and the picture of that undercooked veal was embedded on my brain. I had lost my appetite.  The dessert saved the day but for a bill of $103, I did order 2 glasses of Sangiovese, the tip was not going to come. I wasn't expecting a free meal. Th best they could do was ask what was wrong. The asst manager said, well its a veal short rib. Duh! I read English and speak 2 other languages.  It was just indelible, period.
I'm not going back to Le Castagne. It's too bad because its been there forever and I've had mixed reviews from other folks. I always like to give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt. For a gourmand like myself who average spending about $60 per dinner, not Including wine. I have now officially closed the book on Le Castagne.
Good luck!Admittedly I'm biased, as a dear friend of mine worked here for years while attending college at UArts, but nonetheless, Le Castagna is a great italian restaurant in philly. Quality food, fresh ingredients, and a wonderfully friendly staff all help add to the charm of this neighborhoody restaurant. 
Be sure to try the pastas- they are made in house and are scrumptious! Also, they often have inventive ice cream flavors to enjoy... have a food adventure and experiment! you can't go wrong here!2 1/2 Stars.  Nice looking restaurant (especially from the outside, less so from the inside - I prefer the opposite), but disappointing food and service considering my high expectations.  Not sure whether I'd go again.  If I did, it would be to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke.I came here with a client during restaurant week for lunch and absolutely loved it.  The beets were thinly sliced, the gnocchi tender and all the sauces were clearly made from scratch with care.  Service was impeccable and the bar area really pleasant with the sun coming in.  I'll definitely be coming back.Went here for restaurant week. Ambiance was fancy and food was delicious. Was just about a 5 star for me.. planned on coming back for the regular menu. Then my date pulled a piece of tape out of her dessert. No big deal, usually, but nothing was done on the staffs/managements part to divert attention from this and the bill was stIll charged full price. What a shame.The gnocchi in the cream sauce.  Ohh myyyyy Heaven!! Ahh-maze balls!! Go tonight and order that entree. I went with my wife and my friend on a Friday night. No reservations. Sat right down and the staff is courteous, helpful and informative. Our server danny was excellent. I had the broccoli rab.. Honesty best I've ever had. lol spicy cooked to perfection. Taste was unbelievable. We also got kale salad special. It was unreal great. Wife had grilled octopus, this dish was also great. I ordered spaghetti (all pastas made from scratch btw) with a dark sauce and veal cheek. It was pretty good but I wouldn't order it again. My wife had ravioli with veal in it.. Also was ok but not great.  But then we tried my friends gnocchi in cream sauce and our lives changed.. They're honestly that great.   They made us great dirty martinis as well. And wine list was so far above average.  For desert we had zeppoli and gelato. Very good. And espresso that was surprising made very well. Way better than most restaurants.. I will go
Back and definitely  have the gnocchi FOR SURE!Even among the assortment of great Italian places around town, this one was really good and pleasantly surprised me. 
Pasta dishes are very reasonably priced (~$18) for a clean, white tablecloth dining atmosphere that is good for a date or a business lunch ranging from nice casual to fancy. All their pastas are handmade, and the dish I got was fantastic, a squid ink spaghetti tossed in a spicy tomato sauce with calamari, shrimp, and other seafood. 
My only complaint was that service was slow during lunch, which was surprising considering the place was almost empty. The waitress was also less than attentive. Hopefully that was just an unlucky thing for us!Terrible service.  Waited 10 minutes to get our menus.  Waited 15 minutes before anyone even asked if we were ready to order.  Luckily the food came quickly.  Food was ok -- probably would've rated it better if I had a more positive experience with the service.
Wait 20+ minutes for the check.  We had to ask a bus boy to find our waitress to get us the check.  They proceeded to screw up charging my debit card, so they had to run it again.  They took my signed receipt and was shocked when I wanted it back (for my records) since they charged my card again.
Icing on the cake?  My dining companion went to get a mint from the bowl on the way out.  It was unwrapped, sticky, and looked like it had been partially eaten!
[Luckily, it is restaurant week, so at least I felt I got my money's worth of food.]Great food, great service, great ambiance!  From the moment my boyfriend and I entered this restaurant, the staff and atmosphere were both inviting and exciting.  The appetizers were mouth-watering and the entrees were delicious and filling without overwhelmingly large portions.  The wine was great and our waiter was helpful with assisting us in finding a bottle we would like (and he was right on!).  We split a delicious plate of bread pudding which melted in my mouth and was the perfect compliment to our meal.
There's a convenient parking lot right next door or you can easily take a cab to and from this location in the heart of Rittenhouse.
I can't wait to go back!!I love this place! I think I have been here at least 8 times now. 
I do agree with some of the reviews. Food here is not exceptional which can be slightly disappointing.
But for some reason, I always return to this tiny restaurant and leave satisfied. I don't know why. I think it's the atmosphere.Best place for dinner. Everything is fabulous, especially the gnocchi in that awesome truffle sauce..omg..it's like heaven in my mouth! They have plenty of gluten free options too! Love this restaurant.Northern Italian food is my jam. And though I've had better fair than Le Castagne, you just can't beat the price.
So for my 30th birthday, I made a reservation for myself and my boyfriend for 6:30 on a Saturday. Maybe I'm just an early bird special type o' gal, because the place was practically empty when we got there. This totally played to our advantage -- we had about 3 people waiting on us. The atmosphere is pretty nice too (except for the oh-so-cool parents who think this is a great place to bring their bored, hyper kids while they share a couple bottles of wine -- not right.)
We got the carpaccio special, which was tasty. My date thought it was a too lemony, while I found some of the carpaccio to be a little dry. We both ordered an appetizer size of two different pasta dishes, which turned out to be more than enough -- he got the gnocchi in the white truffle cream sauce, which was okay -- sort of too soft and slightly bland. I ordered the rigatoni with spinach and sweet sausage in a cream sauce and it did not dissapoint - sooo delicious and exactly what I wanted. He was totally jelly, so I shared.
By the time we were finished with our meals, the restaurant had filled up a little and the wait staff seemed a little frazzled. I don't think they'd be able to handle a big crowd, so get there early to receive the special treatment.
But here's the best part of all: We ordered an appetizer, two entrees and a glass of wine -- all for under 55 bucks. When it come to better than average Northern Italian cuisine, you can't beat that. So 3.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 4 because my dish was solid.My dinner here was ok. My mom and I came on a weeknight, and it was actually pretty busy. I've passed by this place a bunch of times and it always looks empty, but that's actually because there's a dining area in the back that you can't see while walking by. Unfortunately, because it was crowded we had pretty slow service. Also, our waiters (there were 2 who alternated) never shared the night's specials with us, and while I was eating my meal, I heard about a fish dish that I probably would have ordered instead of my meal.
Anyway, the food was pretty good. They give you 2 types of bread before the meal, a dinner roll and some focaccia. I really like the dipping sauce, too. It was made of sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, and olive oil, I think. For my entree, I had the truffle gnocchi. The gnocchi was good, but I expected a slightly stronger truffle flavor. Maybe there's a difference between how white truffles and black truffles taste (they used white), but I'm used to a stronger truffle flavor which I felt was lacking from the dish. My mom ordered the Pollo al Pesto di Arugula. She liked it overall, but would have preferred whole veggies on the side rather than pureed into small piles on the plate. She also thought the chicken tasted a little different, not in a bad way, but maybe that's because she's never had organic meat before.WONDERFUL!!!So fresh,clean and delectable. It really doesnt get better than this. I will be going again soon.It was a very romantic setting! The food was delicious and the wine list was mediocre. The environment was quiet and relaxing. My only complaint was the small portion sizes. Otherwise, great find!Eek! Methinks not! My boyfriend and I went to this place last night and it is now 11:11am and now my boyfriend is lying in bed with his insides executing a vice grip on the mushy pasta and mixture of flavorless, textureless shrimp, scallops and muscles (uh oh!) that will hopefully make their way out of his body soon. I ordered parpardelle with alfredo sauce and was more than disappointed. Mush mush mush. Goop goop goop. Ich. 
After reading the reviews, we salute the person who wrote "Stuffy the Hostess" because we feel the same way.
Everyone, save your money! Between the two of us, we ordered 2 drinks, shared a salad and a small side, ordered 2 entrees (one being an appetizer portion) and the whole meal came out to $82 not including tip.
We will not be eating here ever again, and hope all of you out there looking for a good Italian restaurant will look elsewhere in a city filled with wonderful restaurants!Went Monday night. Not much excitement. Pretty basic dining room.  Waiter seemed half asleep.  Nice but aloof. Wine list is pretty good.  Extensive selection and typical Phila mark-ups.  Had a pasta sampler for an appetizer and was good, but not great.  Then had dover sole fileted at table.  Again, good but I have had much better.
In a city with great restaurants, will not rush back.The layout is certainly interesting! You walk through modern sliding glass doors and see traditionally Italian decor and dining setups along with futuristic curvy forks from Mikasa. The whole restaurant is located on 2.5 levels, which adds depth and some literal space to the place. When I came in, my coat was checked, and I was promptly given my choice of seat. 
First, I ordered the standard spinach salad. The spinach leaves were a little wilted, but an otherwise fine appetizer. The sauce they gave us to put on the bread was well rounded, nutty, and totally engrossing. Then, I ordered the white truffle gnocchi, which was okay. They were soft pillows of tasty, exactly how they are supposed to be. I can't say that this restaurant compares with the ones on a similar price point in Milan, but it comes very, very close.
I do have to mention that this place seems great for kids. There were people in business casual to suits, including some families with kids who were dressed nicely. But, the atmosphere was not oppressive at all; rather, the families next to my table were having a good time.I came here for dinner for restaurant week and was pleasantly surprised! Crowd was a bit older, and my friends and I were a tad bit under dressed.
For $35, you can choose 2 dishes from the antipasti, pasta and main sections and 1 dessert (no choice).
I ordered:
the burrata (so-so, not buttery enough for my liking, or rather the butter was not well mixed into the mozzarella and thus, the end result tasted like a blob of cold butter)
veal: this was the highlight of the dinner, and the reason I would give this place 4 stars if the rest of the meal had the same consistency. perfectly cooked and fabulous.
dessert: not worth mentioning. I think it contained some variation of a graham cracker that tasted completely stale.
I also tried a friend's paccheri con granchio, and I highly recommend that! A small serving for a pasta, but delicious!Good business lunch - although portion sizes are not large, that shouldn't be surprising. I got the pappardelle and it was amazing (plus i left full).  Also the carpaccio is a great app if you are into that.  Calamari is on the lunch menu but they'll tell you they only serve it at dinner - so don't get your hopes up.YES! YES! YES! I'm INCREDIBLY happy to have finally tried Le Castagne. The Gnocchi, the pasta, the scallops, OH MY. I'm really impressed, and that's pretty hard to do. Great service, amazing food, good times.I have been meaning to try Le Castagne out since I moved to Philly two years ago, but I just got the chance to this past week for dinner.  
In terms of food, Le Castagne did not rock my socks.  It was a pretty average Italian food experience, which was disappointing considering the price point is a bit higher than the average Italian place.  I got the Pappardelle alla Bolognese, which was cooked perfectly al dente.  The sauce was flavorful, but a bit too salty to the point where I could not eat as much as I would have otherwise.  My boyfriend got a pork special over a cheese fondue, which was juicy, but he was a little put off by the 1/2 inch layer of fat over the meat.  I would say the highlight of the meal was the bread, which says a lot about the bread, but is not a good sign regarding the food.
In terms of service, our server was very attentive and friendly, and the food came out super quickly.  There were only three full tables, so I'm not sure how fast it would be if it were a busy day, but we had a great service experience.
Overall, I would not mind coming back, but I would probably check out different Italian places around Philly before returning.I have eaten at this restaurant multiple times and think it's so good that it merits a Yelp review :). The food, ambience, and service are all fantastic. All the pastas are house-made, and the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth! (portions are generous as well) The decor is chic - good for both groups and dates in my opinion. Furthermore, the service is very attentive (at some points a bit too attentive) and the restaurant itself is very centrally located.
It is not a cheap restaurant by any means, but it won't break the bank either. Even though it's not one of the more famous Philly Italian BYOBs, I highly recommend it!Restaurant Week lunch at Le Castagne was a good deal for price but awful service.  Waited 10 minutes to be even given menus.  Bread came without the butter.  No fresh pepper of grated cheese offered for salad or pasta.  Lunch took over an hour and a half which is just not acceptable.  The servers were not polished, for a nice looking white tablecloth restaurant with high prices, the servers seemed like they'd be more at home in South Philly than Center City.  The best thing I can say is there was a lot of food for the $20 and the veal milanese was a huge portion.  I would not return to pay the regular high prices at this restaurant.Horrific service!  Worst service in years--we've told everyone we can think of, and they're shocked.  One local said the managers are mean, so perhaps that's trickled down.  Several other reviews I've seen mention the bad, or cold, or rude service.  
The food was ok, and had the service been just average, I wouldn't be writing about this.  
The waitress was the queen of the problems, but other than the hostess, many played a role.  Again, any little piece, other than the waitress, perhaps the little problems would have been forgotten.
When we walked in, we thought we'd sit at the bar to eat.  There was no one there, and the woman behind the bar was facing forward.  She saw us, turned her back and walked off.  First impression--"you'll regret sitting here."  We turned and requested a table, when instead we should have left.
From the start--bad news.  
The waitress came and seemed to be trying to get us to buy the bottled water.  When we requested tap water, it was clear she was not going to be happy.  (OH, if only we'd just left!)  
She walked off, never offered other drinks, and it wasn't until her 2nd or 3rd pop by--w/large gaps between--when we had to initiate the request for a wine list.  
We ordered a bottle of red, but the food had arrived long before the wine, despite ordering at the same time.  The bottle of wine showed up when we were 1/4th through our meal.  (Oh, if only we'd just handed it back & escaped.)  
A piece of bread had come early w/a little sauce, which was nice, but w/the long delays, it was devoured long before the food arrived.  Our 2nd offer of bread came after the food was GONE!  
One might have thought this restaurant had just opened, the service was so bad/rude (the waitress and barkeep) and poorly timed.
And in case you're wondering, no they weren't particularly crowded, and it was a Tuesday night.
Save your time, mood and money and go elsewhere.  There are great restaurants in this town, and super nice people--I can't see why this place is even in business still.  If they continue with what we experienced, I'd say they won't be there long.
The food--the pasta had potential, but 2 of the 3 (we got a combo) were overcooked a bit, and one of the sauces was very salty.  Had the service been ok, we would have gotten over the disappointments w/the food, but it was painfully bad.
Our first meal in Philly left us worried about what was to come.  Fortunately, we met lots of nice people and had lots of nice meals, so at least it was limited to this one place, which you can easily avoid.Just visited this place for the first time earlier this week, as a part of Philadelphia's restaurant week. The best part of my experience was a very nice and friendly waiter and a nice ambience. The food though left much to be desired for. The grilled calamari appetizer was a tiny little thing on a bed of greens with sour cream sauce. It was kind of cold too. The main dish, veal short ribs, were just plain bad, hard to chew meat layered with fat. And my limoncello martini drinks were basically plain vodka, very stong, while my friend's margarita was very watery. Desserts were ok but I am not going back to pay full price for a mediocre meal.This is an upscale Italian restaurant with an beautiful atmosphere that does most things correctly. We had a group of four and for the most part the food was good. Tuna was excellent, salmon was very good. All appetizers were top notch. One of the best things about a good Italian restaurant in my mind are the appetizers. Simple but prepared perfectly. Cheeses, artichokes, eggplant , lentils. All were just excellent.
Now on the downside, the least expensive bottle of wine $30.00 is too much. Very limited choice for a vegetarian which is not normally the case in Italian dining. Service was friendly but not all there. It took 30 minutes to get our wine bottle open, no one coming around to ask how things are so, it was tough to get a mojito refill for our friend.  They did change silverware between courses like a European restaurant. All in all a good restaurant that we may have hit on an off service night. However, at least a couple more veg choices would be a plus for me.eh, overpriced for the food and experience.
The food was just ok.  I had the pork chop and it was nothing special.  My mom makes a better one with just flour, salt, pepper and her caste iron skillet.  The wine was ok, and the pours were good.  Service was ok, but not very attentive, especially since there were more employees than diners in the restaurant.  Overall not worth the price.  I won't be back.We have dined here many times before and everything was always spot on. Like a lot of people have been saying on here and as well as other rest. reviewing websites this place is not the same. No wonder they are now listed on restaurant.com. The food is no where as good as it used to be and like most have said the service has gone down the wrong path as well.Went here for restaurant week and it was absolutely amazing.  For the first course, my date and I had the gnocchi in white truffle cream and the seafood taglioni.  Both were delicious.  The gnocchi were like little pillows that were so light, and the truffle sauce was nice and not overpowering.  The seafood dish had perfectly cooked shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari.  I could've drank the sauce it was that good.  For our dinners, we got scallops and lamb.  Both were cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  The desserts were small and you get three, so it was a good variety.  The only reason the restaurant didn't get 5 stars was because it was so cold I was shivering, and I wish they had more wines by the glass, but just minor things.  Nothing that would stop me from returning! I highly recommend this place for a lovely date.I'm still dreaming about the gnocchi in white truffle cream sauce... Mmmm... I dined here for the first time a few nights ago. I really liked the trendy/upscale decor. Pretty cozy in size but did have very high ceilings to open up the room. The service was spot-on. Our waters were continuously refreshed and the waiter frequently checked-in on us. As an appetizer I had the Bresola with artichoke, cheese and crostini. Didn't really think the artichoke blended with the dish, but I did enjoy it separately along with the rest of the dish. My entree, as mentioned above, was simply heavenly. My eyes were immediately drawn to it on the menu and I didn't bother to continue reading on. The truffle oil was very apparent and added a special touch. The portion was large and even though I was completely stuffed, it was just too good not to finish. And, despite my last statement, we did still manage to leave room for dessert.  We split the creme brulee, which was made perfectly. Overall it was a very enjoyable evening and would return for a nice meal in the future.This place was great.  Upscale Northern Italian presented straight up and no frills.  The atmosphere here is very businesslike during the week.  I wouldn't necessarily take a date during the week but on the weekends, it seemed a little more vibrant.  First, I stayed a week in Philly with my family which consists of two picky teenagers.  If it tells you anything, we ate her twice and probably would have eaten here everyday if the youngest had his way.  My favorite meal was the Rigatoni with sausage and spinach.  The rigatoni was cooked perfectly al dente and the cream sauce with the sausage was outstanding.  One night, there was a type of stew for an appetizer which was absolutely fantastic and I would have eaten three bowls if I had the time.  
I thought the service was quite slow both times and my wandered a little with the other clientele sitting around us.  It almost felt like they were servicing the business dudes first.  Maybe it was just perception, but I did feel like the service was slow.  Outside of that, I thought everything was great.I was expecting more but everything was just OK.  The portions are small and I expected that, but the food lacked in the quality and flavor department.
Oh wait, I almost forget the one thing that I did really like: the wine!  We ordered a nice bottle of Malbec and I think that was the only thing that didn't completely disappoint.