Délicieux! 
I think the Art Alliance building finally got it right. Le Cheri is just perfect for this space. The ambience and look of this space is totally perfect for upscale-ish french cuisine. 
Now onto the food...Dare I say that this might be the best steak tartare I've ever had? I dare. It was melt in your mouth tender, with a delicious lightly dressed frisee salad on top with crunchy homemade potato sticks. Heaven! We then had some sort of stew with chicken oysters, sausage and I can not remember the rest but it was bold, homey and delicious! 
For our main courses we had the artic char and the steak frites. The char was the winner for me but not because the steak wasn't also amazing. The char was perfectly cooked and laid on top of a tasty succotash with a creamy sunchote puree. A little bit of everything made for the most perfect bite! The steak frites was also amazing. So tender, rich and the frites were fantastic! I can only describe them is as mashed potatoes, formed into a rectangle and deep fried....um yeah. 
By the time we got through all of that food, we really didn't have any space for dessert. Dessert will have to wait for our next visit and yes, we will be back!It took me a really long time to work up the desire to write this review because I enjoyed Bibou so much it felt terrible to speak badly about this restaurant...
Anyway, boyfriend and I were invited here by our other couple friend for our regular double date nights. This is the same couple that introduced us to Bibou and a few other fantastic eateries in Philadelphia. We went sometime during the grand opening month, so perhaps they've improved since. 
Le Chéri is roomier and has very beautiful ambiance as compared to Bibou's cramped yet intimate setting. 
In short, the food was decent. Not the greatest I ever had for the price that I paid. I believe boyfriend got lamb and I got the special for the night - dry aged steak. Our dinner mates got scallops and dry aged steak as well. 
The two dishes came and were served to the appropriate guest and our two dry aged steaks were brought out and cut table side. My friend received his steak first and as it was being served to him I noticed it looked more medium as opposed to rare, as he enjoys his steaks rare. I comment and say perhaps our steaks got mixed up. They switch and give me his steak which was still too over cooked for my liking but I didn't want to cause problems. They then cut open the second steak and it looked even more well done than the first steak. Since we aren't high maintenance, we would've just sucked it up and ate it anyway but the waiter removes my plate from on front of me, takes the second steak away as well and holds it right up to his face into the light and exclaims that "no, the second steak is more red... SEE?!?!" And pushes the plates into my friend's face, pointing at the two overcooked steaks (for our likings) with the knife. We nod, smile and say "ok just place them back down I'm sure they will taste amazing." 
Dinner continues and little things start to bother me..... The servers are a little confused and I'm watching them as they move throughout the space and it didn't look like there was a proper flow to the service. Granted, I'm not that high maintenance but if I'm told to expect greatness in a Rittenhouse restaurant (since Bibou received four bells in the Inquire) with these prices, I have higher expectations. The servers were slow on refills on water/drinks and then as I continue eating I notice too much juice running from my steak - from my knowledge, dry aged steaks aren't supposed to have that much run off especially since it was cut prior to being placed onto my plate. Regardless, my friend finished his steak off by himself and I eat most of it myself as well. 
Fast forward to the end and the bill arrives. We notice $45 each for four steaks, totaling $180 just for steaks. I mention to the server that we ordered two steaks, not four, and they proceeded to tell us that it is $45 per person, as each order of the steak is meant to be shared for two people. So, my friend who finished a whole steak by himself that THE RESTAURANT deemed MEANT to serve two people, that didn't actually do so and pricing that wasn't mentioned during the "specials speech," cost $90. For like.. A 32oz steak. Ridiculous. "Meant to serve" isn't the same as "plate sharing" so this place must be out of their mind, especially with a place literally right across the street (that has received 5 stars from me...Which is a feat in itself) that has real dry aged steaks ranging from $40-$60 each steak, not this ridiculousness.
The steak tartare was fantastic, though. Probably the best in the city, so they've got that going for them.Best French cuisine I've had in a while!
This restaurant easily compares to the most renowned locations in New York, and it doesn't get more authentic French than this.
First the wine list is impeccable. They even have wines from Corsica (my sweetheart's region) and Switzerland (my home), which made us very happy. The rosé that was recommended was perfect.
We went in for late dinner and had the foie gras, the cheese plate (with époisses!) and the cheese ravioles. All delicious and with strong authentic flavors that made us very nostalgic.
The charlotte dessert was a delight, especially because it wasn't too sweet. Complementary exquisite macaroons and surprising chartreuse marshmallows which I will now dream of at night.
The owners are adorable, prices are reasonable and the decor is beautiful. I'll be back every time I come to Philly.I loved the experience at Le Cheri. The food was exceptional and the pricing is very fair for a high end restaurant. 
My wife and I attended to celebrate our anniversary. And enjoyed the evening completely. 
We arrived and were seated quickly. The building, the art alliance, is a little confusing as the restaurant is towards the back. The lovely space and architecture is well suited for a lovely french restaurant. 
The staff were friendly and helpful. Our waiter in particular was patient as we asked more than once for the specials and had several questions about the food. He checked on us often and pointed us towards good selections on the menu. 
The menu is simple, appetizers, bizarre and main course selections. 
We stuck with the traditional, although I was tempted by the bizarre selections of blood sausage or chicken oysters(testicles). 
I ordered an appetizer of a guinea hen, foie gras and truffles. It was good and rich. I'd love more of the truffle. I'd like to have some texture in the portion as well as it was all creamy or pate like. The citrus styled marmalade or whatever it was perfected the dish. It gave a bright pop of flavor. It was a beautiful looking dish as well. 
My wife had a seafood ravioli. I'm no seafood fan, but the bite I had was absolutely delicious. My wife made the more solid decision on her appetizer choice. It was phenomenal.
For the main course, my wife ordered a special seafood dish. Do not ask me what it was called. It just was hands down the best thing to hit the table all night. I again had a bite of it and would have loved this pastry encrusted delight. It had lobster knuckles and other things in a mousse inside the pastry. Ample creamy sauce and a grain that gave the meal some texture. 
I ordered lamb. It was absolutely delicious. Probably the best lamb I have had. It came in a round form, two ample pieces of meat. It had chard and a side of grain. The sauce made of jus from the lamb was absolutely outstanding. I wanted every bite of that stuff. The lamb was cooked to perfection. Everything blended well together on the plate. 
And here is a side comment, it was clear the main course was the star of the night. Far too often I find all the attention going to the appetizers these days and the main course pales in comparison, kind of like a let down. At Le Cheri, it is not the case. The appetizer just hinted at what was to come. 
And on to the dessert for the evening, having interacted with the waiter enough we went with his recommendations. He said the Frasier and Chocolate Tart selections were good. He was correct. 
My wife had the Frasier, a delightful cake soaked in rum with strawberries. It was light and refreshing. I had the Tart and it was intensely chocolate with a side of raspberry sorbet or gelato. They both came back with candles to celebrate our anniversary. We did not ask for this, but it was a nice touch by the restaurant. I mentioned the anniversary in the reservation request. They took it from there. 
And of course, the finishing touch was a macaroon and home made marshmallow. It was good. I do not like coconut, but those macaroons were delicious and well paired with the marshmallow. 
Now the price is what did me in. It was an outstanding meal that did not totally bankrupt the checking account. It was fairly priced. We each had a glass of wine and the meal was less than $150. I was pleased with the price and felt I got what I paid for. 
I'll consider this place again.This is the 3rd time I've dined at Le Cheri and the food was great as always. With a group of six we ordered (with some duplicates):
Escargot
Pate
Foie Gras
Steak Tartare
Salade Lyonaisse
Espadon
Agneau
Onglet & Frites
Caille
Blueberry Tart
Triple Chocolate Mousse
Everyone enjoyed their food (excluding the Escargot which one person said were slightly off in texture).
I would have to echo others complaints that it was often difficult to get service and we'd have to waive down other servers or bus-people for assistance when ordering another round of cocktails or requesting more bread or water.
At the end of the meal we had multiple drinks and wines on the bill we did not order. Perhaps there was a miscommunication because it was difficult finding our server to get orders. In any case, the food was 4 stars, but I have to take one star away for inattentive service & an attempted overcharge on the bill at the end.Le Cheri was a wonderful experience, and a MUCH better fit for this place than Rittenhouse Tavern ever could have been.  This is a space built for white tablecloths.
And the meal was absolutely wonderful.  A very different experience from Bibou, which I also love.
Highlights:
- Steak Tartare with Dauphin Potatoes and Wine Sauce:  This was one of the best steak tartares I have ever had in my life, bursting with vibrant flavor.  If you're a tartare fan... order this.
- Chicken Gizzard Stew with Crayfish and Crunchy Pastry Crouton:  This was in the "Bizarre" section of the menu, and it was a must-order for us.  The rather-large-for-a-starter stew was just pure heaven, rich and cozy, and was topped with a wonderful fried nugget of fatty gizzard, an incredible little crumbly, crunchy pastry crouton that lent great texture, and the top half of a crayfish (which my fiancee took because we were there for her birthday).  The stew was so good we used bread to soak up every bit of the gravy.  Delicious.
- Steak Frites:  An utterly classic take on the "steak" portion of this dish was elevated by an unique version of "frites".  Instead of a mound of shoestrings, the plate comes out with six or seven huge, thick "frites" which are full of potatoes that had the texture of polenta fries, creamy and smooth, in a perfectly-fried outer shell that soaks up sauce without getting soggy.  Excellent variation on a classic.
- Arctic char with sunchoke brandade and fava beans:  The char is delicious, the skin nice and salty, the beans are nice and soft (which is how I like them)... but I think the real winner on this plate was the sunchoke brandade, a puree of sorts, which our server told us was made with fish bones which is what makes it sing. 
Our server was very nice.  She wasn't polished, the way I'd expect for a restaurant with this pedigree, this ambiance and this price point to be polished... but she was perfectly friendly and was certainly attentive to our needs.  A more suave service experience would certainly have been possible, and would have added a touch of extra class... but this would certainly not prevent me from returning.The meal started out ok.  The appetizers were pretty good - steak tar tar (the special) impressed, fennel soup was done well, and the goat cheese ravioli was good (though pretty standard if we're being honest, I mean cheesy pasta in butter sauce is always good, and I was hoping for more).  
Things went downhill with the entrees - my unbelievably dry cassoulet overshadowed any positive comments I could make about the rest of the dinner course.  Dessert was good.  Service was passable.
But it was the confusing encounter at the end of this meal that quickly and definitively turned my opinion of Le Cheri from "has some issues" to "NEVER AGAIN," because what happened was so unusual and off-putting that I'm still angry thinking about it a month later.
Quick timeline:
1. Made reservation in November, called to inquire re: bar/wine status, told to bring our own wine to the restaurant.
2. Brought our own wine to restaurant (duh).
3. Informed by the waiter (after the third bottle no less) that there is a per-bottle corkage fee.
4. We explained to the waiter what we'd been told, and he told us he'd try to look the other way on the fee for the last bottle.  It wasn't a big deal to us, we brought nice wine and we weren't upset about the fee, just the lack of communication (though I know plenty of people who would have had a major issue at this point, and with good reason). 
5. We finished dinner, and got the bill, which only had one corkage fee charged for 3 bottles - we figured our waiter took care of us, good guy.  Gave him the credit card.
That's when things got bizarre.  A few minutes later the owner shows up at the table with combative body language, rudely interrupting our conversation to begin a one-sided argument about the number of corkage fees on the bill.  Your guess is as good as mine why we were getting yelled at for the bill the waiter prepared, but whatever.  We explained to her that we were unaware of the fee, (not even trying to make an excuse, but genuinely trying to help her understand the nature of the mistake).
Well she didn't like that.  She proceeded to call me a liar, stating there was "no way" I didn't know about the fee (even though I learned soon after that they received the license less than a week before; maybe I was supposed to call everyday and check?)  Then, she told me in an accusatory way that I'd received a confirmation from Opentable the day before.  Before I could begin to contemplate the relevance of that comment, she asked directly "Well, did you receive the confirmation?" the insinuation being that Opentable must have informed me of the corkage fee  (The first thing I did when I got home was check the Opentable email, which of course made no mention of anything related to liquor status, why would they?)
Long story short, she made her scene, she adjusted the bill, and we left.  Everyone else seated within 20 feet of us was now painfully aware of the corkage policy, so mission accomplished I guess.
Just got your liquor license and now there's a corkage fee?  No problem.  Miscommunication about the bill that needs to be corrected?  Whatever, no problem.  Owner going from zero to CRAZY for no reason, and seemingly doing everything she can to make a scene?  No excuse.
I know I'm just another idiot writing an online review, "he says, she says" applies, I get it... but there was no justification for the attitude.  If it had been handled any number of different ways I wouldn't even be mentioning it right now.  In fact, even though there were some significant issues with some of the food, it was decent for the price point, and I probably would have given them another shot once they worked out the kinks.  But what she did is just bad business.  She's lost my future patronage as well that of several friends who value my opinion.  I hope it was worth the $20.
And since I've already burned the bridge I might as well say - I never really liked Bibou either.  I tried them early in their run, and was always confused by the high rating they receive.  I guess I always will be.From the street, it might be easy to miss since the building looks more like an old Inn, library or municipal building.
Once you go up the steps and through the double doors there is a lobby with a private dining room to the right and art exhibition rooms to the left. 
Main dining room and bar area are very cozy and the lighting is perfect.
We started out with the foie gras (very rich in flavor!). My guest ordered the blanquette de veau and I had the filet mignon au poivre, although my steak was cooked as requested, the "au poivre" sauce did not impress me much and personally had better. It was very thin/liquidy, not as thick and rich as I expected it to be and lacked peppercorns and flavor.
The wine complemented our meals nicely (bottle of Pierrevert La Blaque) and our dessert was delicious!
Overall an enjoyable dinner and would eat there again.My husband and I were interested in exploring "real" French food so we decided to come here for a date night. We got the Escargot, Quenelle (our waiter recommended), and Osso-Buco. I wasn't a fan of the Quenelle because of the texture, but the sauce it was placed in was fantastic - so good I considered just keeping the dish! Our waiter, though, was super attentive and offered to replace it. I chose Culotte de Boeuf - something much more basic! Overall, the food was great and the service was top notch.Would just like to add to the many accolades.
Service, food and an all french reasonably priced wine list makes this a restaurant I will return to often.
If I could find the smallest thing to see improved was the cassoulet was slightly dry.I like Bibou but was not impressed by Le Cheri. We ordered the specials of the night, including the quail cassoulet and the baked fish in pastry. The presentation of the dishes were beautiful, unfortunately the tastes do not impress. The fish was lacking in flavor and the quail cassoulet was quite dry.A rafinate restaurant with delicious and tasty food. But if you love wine this is the place to be. Indeed luxurious wine are not overpriced as in other restaurant and their selection is just amazing. Do not hesitate to ask for some advise: their chief sommelier is very skilled 
As for the food The Skate wings were simply deliciois perhaps the best I have ever had.Having been to Bibou several times, we thought we were in for a treat.  Shortly after our arrival, though, we were seated in a noisy back room of the restaurant which seemed somewhat cramped.  The soup special and Salade Lyonnaise which we ordered were good but overpriced as was the rest of the menu.  Wines by the glass were mediocre.  Surprisingly, the menu is not authentically French which was a disappointment.  Truite De Mer for $29 was overpowered by a blood orange emulsion which really seemed unusual for French cuisine.  Traditional steak frites was absent from the menu (a high priced filet was served instead) as was cassoulet and boeuf bourguignon which would have been hearty on a cold winter day.  Also, while we appreciated the candle and "Happy Birthday" written in French on the dessert, we were disappointed that dessert was not complimentary for the diner in our party celebrating a birthday.  Le Cheri does not have the same hip vibe as Bibou.  On the contrary, it seemed to cater to the pulled back, old money crowd from the neighborhood.  For a truly authentic French experience at half the price and with a cool factor, try Parc in Rittenhouse Square instead.If I could leave negative stars I would.  I have never felt so mistreated as we were by the owner last night.  We went to Le Cheri to celebrate a birthday, since we are big fans of this and their other restaurant, Bibou.  7:30 reservations - arrived on time.  The kitchen was so slow that at 9 we were still waiting for our entrees.  10 minutes later we finally told them to cancel the rest of our meal.  (FWIW, the table next to us did the same thing, so it wasn't just us being impatient or difficult.)  On our way out we spoke to the owner and told her how unhappy we were with the experience - both the wait and the lukewarm way they had handled it.  (No real apology - just a shrug and "the kitchen is backed up.  What can I do about it?")   She lost her cool and told us to "get the [bleep] out of my restaurant."  Wow.  Stunned.  Needless to say I will never patronize either of their restaurants again.Ok so the positives; beautiful dining room and outdoor area. Nice wine list.
The end. Literally they're the only positives.
Now for the negatives; I really love bibou so had high hopes for this place. First impressions where "am I in a retirement home?". I'm by no means ageist but the average age of diners is 65. And I'm being kind. My starter of salade lyonnaise tasted like a cheap breakfast side. My main course of steak was simply unremarkable and lacked all flavour. The wine we had by the bottle was good however the red I had by the glass (they've only two options) tasted like vinegar. The staff were inexperienced and slow.
Ugh how I wished for more.
Avoid and go to bibou.Le Cheri is thoroughly fantastic! The food was delicious, the decor was impeccable and the staff was friendly without being intrusive. I would come back in a heartbeat for any special occasion.It was our first brunch in this restaurant and the experience was outstanding.
Had Country Pate, Cod and the special Crabcake dish as entrees, and Bread pudding for dessert. The taste, presentation and portion size of the dishes were just perfect. The service was great and very professional. The ambiance is very nice and cozy. And the value was very adequate to the experience received. In our eyes it's one of the very best restaurants in the area. Definitely coming back when in Philly.First visit and we are VERY POSITIVELY IMPRESSED by this wonderful place.
AMBIANCE: Classy, cozy, intimate with tastefully chosen French music on the background which makes you feel very relaxed.
FOOD: Everything we had (PATE DU JOUR, SALADE DE CHEVRE CHAUD, SOUPE DU MARCHE, Venison and Pasta special, and Cheese for dessert) were just perfectly cooked, very tasty and memorable. Their breads are very yummy and somewhat addictive. And The French kiss cocktail was just amazing.
SERVICE: our waiter Borah (I hope the spelling is correct) was very friendly, efficient, professional and a pleasure to communicate with. He is very knowledgeable in food and wine tasting and we had a nice chat with him. Thanks Borah for making our evening even more interesting then expected.
VALUE: Very adequate to the pleasure we've received.
Definitely coming back when in Philly.Brunch in the garden on a beautiful day was delightful.  I  also have had drinks in the garden several times this season. You are surrounded by garden walls with plants and sculptures. One side with a high wrought iron fence faces a small street on the other side with little traffic. Much nicer than dining outdoors on an ordinary pavement. There are plenty of umbrellas providing shade. The food is good, not great. I was disappointed in the quiche. The filling was light and fluffy but the crust was like cement. The servers were pleasant, attentive, and helpful. Overall a good experience.Eight of us had a very nice dinner last night.  My Onion soup was ok but my sweet bread was superb.  Everyone enjoyed their escargot served in a fanciful snail shaped plate.  Beef bourguignon, Dover fish, baked Alaska and macaroons were excellent.  Service was excellent and atmosphere very cozy.Wow - the food was indescribably good and the atmosphere is beautiful. Very romantic. Our waiter, Shaun, was a dream. He walked is through the menu in the most helpful and friendly way that resulted in us Ordering just the dishes we wanted. He made the visit even more special. We will be back there.Le Cherie is located in the Art Alliance, a wonderful example of "big money" residential architecture from the early 1900's.  We were fortunate to get in on last minute reservations for the private dining room.  It is a stunning setting for a restaurant but with the exception of the private dining room, the main dining room struck me as a bit too noisey.  Sound bounces off of everything and they could use some acoustic dampening.   Also, given that we were in a private dining room, the service was somewhat uneven and at one point we had to send out a search party to find our server during pre-dining wine and cocktails.
The wine list is first rate with plenty of very good wines in the $50-$70 range that are carefully matched with the menu.  Mostly drawn from French and Swiss wine growing regions, it is nice to be able to order wine (or two) from a Philadelphia restaurant without feeling like you and your wallet are being punished for doing so.
The food was some of the better French food I've eaten since my last visits to Paris and/or Lyon. Decidedly more Lyonnaise in food choices and in execution, the chef hails from the region of France where bouchons rather than bistrots set the tone.  For me, bouchons have always struck me as the "parts department" of French gastronomy.  For appetizers I had the langue de beouf,  and sampled the steak tartar and the salade Lyonnaise.  The tongue was simple and simply excellent.  Presented as two circular disks of very rich and delicately flavored meat that falls apart in your mouth (I don't recall what, if anything else, was on the plate), but if you haven't tried tongue, here is the place to do it.  The steak tartar was as good as it gets as was the salade Lyonnaise redolent with lardons and a runny egg (hey, bacon and eggs for dinner!).  You simply can't go wrong with any of these appertizers.
My entree was the Lapin, a rabbit ballotine stuffed with foie gras, accompanied by pickled red cabbage, chestnut spaetzle and natural jus.  It was excellent.  Again, the entree was presented as two circular disks of delicately flavored rabbit that surrounded a center of foie gras. I thought it odd that both my appetizer and my entree looked like they were stamped or cut out of a cookie press but, what the heck, both were delish!  The quenelle, which I also sampled was "out of this world" great.  I'm not usually a fresh water fish fan and to the extent I am, I am more familiar with smaller sized quenelles, so the "uber" sized plate filling, puff of pike seemed somewhat out of place.  Boy, was I wrong!  No less delicate and airy, the lobster sauce was the perfect counterpoint to the lightness of the fish.  This is THE dish to enjoy here.  I thought it was flawless.
Overall, you can't go wrong dining here but my honest assessment is that the food here is not quite as great as Bibou, where I think both the dining experience and the food are a bit more "honest" to their Lyonnaise roots.  Here the food is a bit more elegant and polished.  I suspect that Le Cherie will eventually hit its stride and that it'll be as great as its south Philly sister.  I'll be happy to go back in a heart beat but before I do, I want to see if Bibou is as great as I remember.French food is my absolute favorite.  I have traveled throughout France four times, more for the food than the sites.  And how did Le Cheri stack up?  The prices were certainly on par with restaurants in Paris but the food was underwhelming.  My steak was well-cooked, but the sauce was boring.  My dining partner had the evening's special, crab cake, and he was not impressed.  No Pinot noir available for him, either.  The restaurant is old-world lovely, and the garden was open on a first-come basis, but was full by 6:30.  Not planning a return visit soon.This is a wonderful find in the Rittenhouse Square area. Beautiful ambiance, top-notch service, and the food was impeccably executed. We were just delighted by the whole experience. Plus, it's easy to hear your dinner partner, which is a welcome change. I took my grandmother there for dinner, and while there were plenty of other diners, it was still easy to hear. Highly recommend.To sum everything up for you, the experience we had at Le Cheri was nearly perfect, if not perfect.
There were ten of us on a busy Friday night in June and the meals came out promptly, were still hot, and delicious - something that does not happen very often at a restaurant. Not only was the service on point, the food itself was enough of a reason to go back.
I had the steak tartar, which was one of the better tartars I've had. The accompaniments were well done and I had no complaints. Some of my table mates also had the foie gras. Now, I've had my share of foie gras and I must say that it may have been the best foie gras I've ever had.
For my entree I had the scallops which were large, fresh, and tasteful. Again, scallops are hit or miss - you either get fishy tasting rubber, or you get an epic mound of buttery-like goodness. I'll let you guess which version they plated.
The restaurant itself had a nice neutral atmosphere, nothing to trendy or impressive, but it fits the bill for a French cuisine restaurant. 
Of you're looking for an authentic French experience, look no further. It's not a Stephen Starr restaurant trying to recreate a French menu (cough Parc), it's a restaurant with French owners who know French food and fine ingredients. Can't wait to go back.Enjoyed our experience and food. The place is very cozy and chic. However, I wished the restaurant played at least some music. The dinning area was very quiet, and we could inadvertently overhear other people's conversations. It was so quiet at times that even the accidental clanking of cutlery sounded awkward and embarrassing as if we were in the library. We found ourselves whispering at times because we didn't want other people to overhear our conversation. 
We ordered onion soup. My soup was a little bland, and I had to add salt for some taste. We also ordered frog legs- mouthwatering! We also enjoyed bread which was free! As our main dish we ordered a steak - the piece was tiny-tiny, but it was delicious. We asked for well-done, but the meat was still pretty red for my taste. Finally, cappuccinos and two desserts we ordered were very good. The service was nice - very polite and respectful but not standoffish. The food was delivered in a timely manner - not too slow and not too fast. It was a very special treat.One of the cities best, hands down.
Our table was ready right away. The ambiance is overall pretty decent although it was a bit loud. I think the architecture makes noises bounce off the walls a bit but given the tables were spaced out enough it didn't seem too much of a problem.
The food was some of the best I've had yet. I had the quail, which was a special and my GF had the arctic char. The quail was the best I've ever had and the foi gras and mushroom sauce/puree it came with was some of the best tasting stuff I've ever had. Hard to explain, so you'll just have to try it for yourself.
I had the foie gras and my GF had the steak tar tare. While the foie gras was delicious, the tar tare stole the show. Up until now Stateside had the best in the city (IMO) but Le Cheri now wears the crown.
The wine list. Actually a VERY reasonably priced wine list with some good wines on it. Most wines were around $50 to $70 each with the higher ones just over $100. I think I'd still prefer a BYO, but since its Rittenhouse, I'm sure the extra (profit on wine) goes towards that rent :)
The only issue I had was water. We waited for over 10 minutes to get a refill and had to eventually flag down a random waiter (not ours) to get some refills, but I'm certainly going to ding them for that based on everything else.
We'll be returning here often. As far as quality of food, I think Le Cheri and Avance are leading the Philly restaurant scene.We loved Bibou so we knew for sure that Le Cheri would be just as good, if not better!! 
I'm not sure where to begin. EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING! We ordered the escargot, foie gras, lyonnaise salad and French onion soup to start. We ate every bite. The escargot broth was delicious and so flavorful. For entrees I ordered the Boeuf Bourguignon and my husband had the Lamb Chop. The sauce was so rich and full of flavor. The portion size was perfect and incredibly filling. My husband's Lamb Chop was cooked to perfection. For dessert, my husband had the Hazelnut Creme Brulee and I had the profiteroles. Both we delicious. 
I've been a fan of Chef Calmels and his wife Charlotte since they spoke at my graduation from the Restaurant School. Their passion the culinary arts and hospitality is admirable and they do an amazing job of displaying that passion through the amazing experience they give at their restaurants.Yea, I too had a problem with inattentive service.  Looking for the server, waving down a passerby server or bus-person for assistance or refills, refilling your wine glass after dropping a small fortune on the bottle, is not something one should have to do in a restaurant of this caliber with 5 star food, stuffy ambiance and big price tab.
That being said, the food was excellent, top 10 in the city, and I expected such after being to Bibou.  The food delivered on my expectations.  The service did not.  And, the stuffy ambiance is just not my type, I prefer Bibou's coziness and quaintness, but that is just my personal preference. 
For appetizers we had a fish (arctic char) mouse stuffed ravioli with the perfect amount of truffle flavor in the light  but most delicious wine sauce.  And the foie gras was magnificent, so silky, so melt in your mouth, so delicately rich.  
There was a Dover Sole entree for 2, de-boned tableside which was amazing in tenderness and gentle flavors of sauce which was drizzled to your liking.  The sides were a chopped asparagus, crisp and tasty, a clever way to serve asparagus in my opinion, and  a Parisian gnocci.  The gnocci were fabulous in their own right, tender, soft mashed potato rolled, cut and pan seared to excellence.  I could eat them every day.
My honey-almond creme brulee was a great choice, as was the poached plum, goat cheese, port wine tart served with honey ice cream.  The latter was difficult to eat however, first of all only being served with a fork, and secondly the plum slices were so firm they had to be cut to mouth-size with a knife.
Overall, I am a big fan.  If they deliver on consistent service and if you are looking for a large, formal dining experience, then you have perfection.Having just been in Paris in January, I am in search of a real French restaurant. Le Cheri is not it. The French Onion Soup had the consistency of gravy. The mushroom ravioli were small and rather bland. My husband had the steak for his entree, requesting medium rare. It was very red in the middle and instead of being a filet, it tasted like a flank steak. I had a duck/sausage/sauerkraut dish. The flavor of the duck and the sausage was overwhelmed by the sauerkraut. The bread was not the wonderful tasting bread served in Paris where butter is not needed. This bread was served with hard butter--almost frozen in consistency.  Dessert was good. I had the raspberry chocolate torte which was very flavorful and nicely presented. The best thing were the macaroons that were offered with dessert. I'm still looking for a restaurant that can replicate the wonderful meals we had during our stay in Paris.My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Le Cheri. The Art Alliance building on Rittenhouse Square has such a subdued and relaxing ambiance. We're not sure why so many restaurants have flopped in this gorgeous location. Well--we can hope that Le Cheri is here to stay! On a rainy fall evening, we tucked in to our french onion soup, salade lyonnaise, and beef bourguingnon. Each course was deluxe and delicious. The other diners nearby were clearly enjoying themselves, too. We will be back for more. This is a gem of a restaurant where you can eat yummy food and actually have a conversation at a normal volume--such a plus if you want to delight in both the dinner and your dining companion!Worst service ever.  Waiter to hostess to manager Ricardo to female owner, especially the owner! No class at all.  
Tried it based on reviews but food was not good and service was horrible.  I came to celebrate a special event with my loved one but total mistake!  
They upcharged me on some menu items. Then, when I tipped less than 20%, they ran after me, yelling that I didn't tip enough!!  All in front of my significant other.  Classy- not!!   
If you want to celebrate a special occasion, do not bring your significant other here!Very nice yummy French food!  The food was wonderful. The ambiance is perfect and the staff was helpful, polite and very quick.  Pricey but if you love French food worth every cent. 
Very nice evening!French Bistro from Chef Pierre Calmels, and his charming wife Charlotte, the owners of Bibou in South Philly (one of Philly's best restaurants).  Le Cheri (named after Charlotte's nickname for Pierre), in contrast to tiny BYOB Bibou, is much larger (~80 seats) and will have a liquor license (although it is currently BYOB until the license is finalized).  Le Cheri is located in the gorgeous Art Alliance building in the heart of Rittenhouse Square (until recently it was Nicholas Elmi's Rittenhouse Tavern). 
Same great French cuisine that we've come to love at Bibou (although the menu is unique).  Standout dishes: escargot and chicken "oysters"; cold red-wine poached foie gras.
Closed on Monday and Tuesday.  Easy parking in the lots around Rittenhouse.
Will write more details later...Just when you thought you couldn't get French cuisine in Center City anymore after Le Bec Fin closed, Le Cheri delivers!  On one of my last nights in the city, I started with an excellent fois gras, followed by arctic char.  The environment is romantic, but note that the tables are pretty close together.  The couple next to me was having an interesting arguement that was very audible.  My only wish was that they had a more extensive list of wines by the glass.  I believe there were only one red and one white to choose from on the night I visited.  All in all, an excellent experience.  I will definitely return.P and I came to Le Cheri for brunch last weekend to belatedly celebrate our 2 year anniversary. The building itself is beautiful and I'd like to come back to explore the art work sometime. We chose to dine inside as it was a hot and muggy July day, but I would like to try their patio on a nice night. We decided for brunch to go with one of the specials, which was their fluffy and light Le Bec Fin Crab Cake. Its held ever so gently together with shrimp foam and topped with a healthy pour of a grainy mustard sauce. You can't go wrong with this. Don't be surprised, this is no Maryland Crab Cake. It's something entirely its own. After our decadent crab cake, we each ordered a brunch entrée. I had the Croque Madame and P had the Quiche Lorraine. Both classics and both done very, very well. We felt sufficiently full enough to opt out of dessert, so instead we did Rose flight. I'm pretty sure my flight was in a different order than P's, but the wines were all tasty and they gave you a decent pour for $20. When the check came we were each given a lemon cookie and a marshmallow (I think it was mint flavored?). I'm not a marshmallow girl so this didn't really ruffle my skirt, but it was a nice touch and gave enough sweet after the meal to not even need dessert.I have been here for brunch before. The food and the service was great and the owners were extremely kind, so I decided to try for dinner too. However, it was a major disappointment. Although the food and atmosphere good, the head waitress was extremely rude. I really did not like the coctail i ordered, so did not drink it. She asked in a very rude manner what was wrong, and when I said everything is good but I dont feel like drinking, she started to behave very weird. I would not expect such bad service after my first experience here. I would not recommend you to go.The food here is excellent, and the ambiance on the patio is five star. You can carry on a conversation amid the greenery and statuary without raising your voice yet cannot hear other patrons--a rare treat in today's restaurant scene. We had the cucumber soup, ravioli appetizer, hangar steak, canard (aka duck), and two desserts.  All were exceptional although even a perfectly done hangar steak is no filet. The Marie Antoinette drink was also top notch. On the downside, the pacing of the meal was pretty slow. The meal lasted 2.5 hours which was made passable by the atmosphere on the patio but would have tried my patience had I sat inside. We were often waiting not for food or drinks, but to order them. Quite a few minutes went by with empty drinks on our table and no query as to whether we would like another round. I appreciate that it may be the French style not to hurry diners through their meal, but I've eaten in France and they kept things moving a bit quicker than here. I would like to have the same tasty meal again, but perhaps shortened to two hours.Came here on a date during a perfect weather evening.  We sat outside, the lighting and atmosphere was perfect. It was quiet and very chill.  Our waiter was very friendly and informative. We ordered escargot and liver for appetizer and both were very good. Portions are small but fulfilling.  For entree we had Crab-cake and their fish of the day. Both were phenomenal. We drank wine with our food.  We sat here for 3 hours and didnt even realize how quickly the time flew by.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for an awesome, relaxing, slow pace environment with great food.My girlfriend and I wanted to treat ourselves to nice brunch this past Sunday so we decided to visit Le Chéri. The food, atmosphere, and service - everything - was stunning. It was a misty morning. We sat tucked in the corner of the dining room by the window overlooking the garden. Our table was decorated with flowers. We looked over the menu. I chose the seared skate (roasty, buttery, flaky, earthy - very complex) and she had, if I remember correctly, an Eggs Benedict served in a delicious puff pastry. Everything was perfect. Even the coffee was awesome! I appreciated the ice cold creamer too. Brian, our server, was professional and timely. I would do this all over again. It made our weekend. Thank you!!Bibou is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly because of Chef Pierre Calmels, former executive chef at Le Bec-Fin. When I heard he had opened Le Cheri in Rittenhouse Square, I was dying to try it, but alas my foodie friend Chris W and I only dine on Monday nights, a night that unfortunately Le Cheri is closed. The wait was well worth it because my friend Ben took me there. Through the hallway of the Philadelphia Art Alliance building, hostess Charlotte Calmels greeted us with a warm smile and remembered me. One of the servers did, too, and I greeted the two of them as if they were old friends. Through the doorway, we were seated in a beautiful dining room with lovely decor that just makes you say "Wow....." Le Cheri is the perfect setting for a romantic dinner. The food, like Bibou, is some of the best in the city. I couldn't get a picture with Chef Calmels this time because, as Charlotte pointed out, "Pierre hasn't hired a sous chef yet and is cooking all by himself, so he's quite busy right now." I advise all of my fellow foodie friends out there to go to Le Cheri now because until the sous chef arrives, you are getting the real deal food preparation from a world-class chef. The food is priced like Bibou, a BYOB, with the added bonus of Swiss and French wines, liquors, and beer! The food at Le Cheri is magnificent, as expected. The chilled foie gras is delicious. Soaked in red wine and garnished with a light dusting of sea salt, the flavors complement the sweetness of the pears and the richness of the buttered toast point. Every preparation of foie gras that comes out of Chef Calmels' kitchen rocks my world. I remember at Bibou, he would tell us, "I make a different version of my dishes every week." Amen to that. On a whim, I decided to try the Rabbit Ballotine. Who would've guessed that this would turn out to be one of my favorite Chef Calmels dishes? My cutting knife sliced through the ballotine, a deboned leg of rabbit stuffed with a mousse of rabbit meat and chunks of tender morsels of rabbit and foie gras, like a hot knife through butter. My first taste of this heavenly sausage ignited my tastebuds and sparked the following thoughts, "Whoa-a-a-a-a..... yeah... mmmmm... oh, hell yeah!!!" The mousse melted in my mouth and the morsels of meat and foie gras were so flavorful. I could eat this dish again and again, prepared the same way. It is quite simply the best preparation of rabbit I have ever eaten. Kudos to Chef Calmels! Normally, I don't find desserts that exceptional in most restaurants, but Bibou and Le Cheri are exceptions. My pear and vanilla Charlotte, ladyfinger cakes soaked in pear and vanilla cream cheese, was a very nice, sweet ending to a fantastic meal. There is a better French restaurant in Philadelphia because Le Cheri takes Bibou to the next level. I will boldly say that Le Cheri is going to be the next Le Bec-Fin for years to come. Welcome to Rittenhouse Square, Chef Calmels!Le Cheri was all I had hoped it would be. My only complaint is that waiter did not explain to my guest that the veal chop was meant to be shared.
The food , service, ambience were all otherwise superb.
Can't wait to return.Had higher hopes for Le Cheri but it just wasn't that great. I would say that most of the negative reviews are accurate regarding customer service. For a fancier place the service should be top notch. They were not rude but they were not attentive. Some items were definitely over priced. $18.00 for one soft shell crab appetizer is excessive. It was mediocre at best. The French onion soup is good, maybe a little high at $12.00. The lamb Osso Bucco was very good. The ravioli were tasty but they were almost dessert like because of its sweet creaminess. The beef/lobster puff pastry stew was not as good as it sounds. With so many excellent restaurants in Philly I feel there is no need to return to Le Cheri. We went for our anniversary and it didn't make the night as special as we hoped.First time at Le Cheri a few days ago. Didn't have reservations so we decided to try our luck even though it was the weekend. I'm so glad we did! Everything was just perfect, starting from the lovely hostess, our server which by the way was a delightful young lady, ending with the owner Charlotte and the chef. Our experience was so amazing, as they provide great service and amazing food. We went around 6:30 PM and the restaurant wasn't that crowded when we were seated so the hostess was kind enough to accommodate our request about seating us in a romantic table. Server was very informative and knowledgeable always checking up on us without being intrusive. And Charlotte of course with her great recommendations about wines was absolutely perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better restaurant or better service. The chef's visit at the end was the highlight of our meal. 
About the food, OMG we were speechless. I had the Escargot and my boyfriend had the steak tartare for starters; both were delicious. For our main course we ordered the Cassoulet and the Quenelle needless to say they were to die for. 
This was only our first time but we will definitely go back!!!Bread was really good to start with, and all the appetizers was amazing especially today's sepcial ravioli. Main dishes were also good but not as good as appetizers.The garden is beautiful, but the service is inattentive and slow (meal with 3 courses took 3 hours, and not in a good way), and the food is just ok.  My appetizer was good, but it's pretty hard to mess up smoked salmon on a plate.  I had the pig's foot, which is phenomenal at Bibou, but remarkably overcooked at Le Cheri (I cut my mouth on the too-hard fried shell).  My chocolate dessert would have been good without the caramel layer or ice cream--both of which were much too sweet.  I want to like this place because I like Bibou so much, but it's just not that good.We just had brunch at Le Cheri for the first time this past weekend; and like our many other dining experiences at this restaurant, we had a fabulous meal of carefully prepared food served with casual elegance.
A surprisingly family friendly venue there were lots of tables with young children but because of the restaurants' layout and the good behavior of the youngsters, noise was never an issue.
We started with some delicious cocktails including a very good Bloody Mary and Le Fizz, a refreshing vodka concoction with lime and club soda.
Portions are moderate and each of our main courses was served with a side salad.
Delicious coffee to end the meal plus I highly recommend their mini patisseries plate for dessert; which included a freshly baked croissant, a madelaine, pain au chocolate​ and a decadent pistachio creme pastry.
Service is wonderful, the courses are timed beautifully, and it's always a pleasure to dine in a beautiful older building like the Art Alliance.There was a mixup with our reservation. The owner Charlotte who is absolutely charming stepped in and sat our party of six in the most beautiful private dining room.
The food was delicious and very fairly priced. Each of us ate different dishes and everyone raved.
The food and the ambiance brought us back to France for an evening.Wonderful quaint French style outside patio for al Fresca dining experience. Delicious Duck for entree , and frois gras ravioli Appetizer ! Service was a little slow. Delicious though !A "must go to" restaurant.  Crab cakes alone are worth the trip---amazing.  Combine with special-of-the-day lemon tart and lunch was pure heaven!
Excellent service, friendly hostess and wait staff.  Will definitely return.Excellent  French culinary experience in a great building with  warm atmosphere. Small place but with great service and exceptional food. We tried the specials and we did not go wrong. The desserts were amazing too.The fine dining experiences your looking for. Many places do french but this is a classic. Natural food prepared with pride in potions that respect a full course meal. Salads perfect. Foie gras grilled perfect with peaches. Branzini in a pastry plated table side. Fantastic wine selection and a full selection of after dinner aromatics. Superior staff and lots of them . Great dinner.I went to this restaurant for the first time yesterday. We sat outside on the garden, the atmosphere was beautiful!! Service great as well. As far as food, I don't know what I liked more...everything tasted amazing. We had appetizers, shared the special of the night whichever was fish for two, and dessert. Everything was soo good. I'd definitely return.A friend had a reservation here for opening night that they couldn't make, so, hurray, I was able to go! Note - Le Cheri has applied for a liquor license, but have yet to receive it, so it's currently a BYOB.
The space is very cute, but a little confusing, you have to go to the Art Alliance, walk through their entrance and there is the restaurant.  The place is very intimate and once Spring hits, the outside space would be awesome for Brunch and a romantic dinner.  Enough about the ambiance, time to move on to the food.
There were three of us and we ordered all of our food to share:
Appetizers:
Escargot and Chicken Oysters it was amazing.  The escargots are out of their shell and they're in a light green broth.
Lamb Tongue and something or other with potatoes and carrots it was cooked to the perfect tenderness (mind you, I am not a lamb organ fan and it was GOOD).
Some type of Fish Ceviche, it was mackerel and delicious.
Entree:
Short ribs with some amazing hand-made pasta (my least favorite of the night, but delicious nonetheless and the portion was very generous)
Skate fish, I personally love Skate it's a meaty white fish that was pan-seared and in a lemon caper sauce, it also came with some potato in a crescent moon-shape.
Quenelle Pike, basically Pike fish wrapped in this amazing pastry dough, enveloped with a lobster tomato sauce.  The sauce was absolutely divine.
Between Entree and Dessert Snack:
They're a French restaurant and they are still working on their menu, so they only had one cheese, it was some type of Blue Cheese with lettuce, it was quite good, as far as blue cheeses go, not too stinky.
Desserts:
Hazelnut Creme Puff: it was the first thing on the dessert menu, it was a delicate creme puff with a hazelnut feeling and a chocolate espresso bean on top with some chocolate sauce on the bottom, it was delicate and not too heavy.
Creme Brulee: This creme brulee was delicious, you think it's a regular creme brulee, but the chef has added a hint of lavender, which you can definitely taste but is not too overpowering.
We also received some macaroons (the coconut ones) with some merengue. Delicious and bite-sized.Came here for a birthday dinner with a friend visiting from New York and both of us had a great experience here. The outside seating is gorgeous and lush with plants, and although we were just inside, we still caught the breeze and the view. Next, the service is peppy and cheerful. It did seem like the server we had was also serving 10 other tables so it was slow at times but it didn't detract too much from the meal. 
We both had soup to start, french onion and cucumber, and both were delicious. It wasn't until our entrees that we felt Le Cheri really stood out. I had the seared bronzino which I highly recommend. She had the trout which was also incredible. Their menu rotates often (according to them), and so I'd go in soon to try these two dishes before they're gone. Dessert was likewise splendid, and they gave us free marshmallows! 
And last but not least, this entire meal was at reasonable price. This same dinner in NY would have been double the cost, but here at Le Cheri, you can have a fancy, amazing, 3-course French dinner that won't break the bank.I wanted to love this restaurant it is charming and I love all that is French. Sadly, the owner was so mean, rude and unapologetic, that she literally made me cry. The steak that my sons and husband ordered was tough! When we asked to send it back, we were advised that we would have to wait 40 minutes. It had taken close to an hour to get our dinner and they were too hungry to wait another 40 minutes. I had worked with the staff to order surprise desserts for my husbands 50th birthday and they never brought them. When I went to see the manager; who actually is the owner; she raised her voice at me and told me that I never ordered the desserts. I did! The food was average, the attitude was unapologetically rude, distasteful and ruined my husband's 50th birthday. There are fabulous experiences to be had dining in Philadelphia. This was by far the most upsetting and over rated of all. I dine at five star restaurants around the world. This deserves 3 stars for its location and charm and no stars for the attitude. The food was a good two star meal. The overall experience = ZERO.I didn't have any expectations for this restaurant prior to dining here. I was in the building for an event, having cocktails in a private dining room and decided to eat here after. I am so glad I checked it out; I was absolutely blown away! The ambience is very romantic, perfect for a dinner date. The food was spectacular! I started with a seared steak tartare (never had one seared before), and it was delicious. I had a crabcake as my entree, which was a special addition, that was out of this world both in flavor and texture. I hope it is still offered as a special the next time I go, which will be very soon. Servers were excellent, very knowledgeable and never pressed us though it got late. We actually took a desert to go and it was delicious warmed up the next day. I can't wait to return.Fantastic French food. Loved the table side service. Knowledgeable servers and good wine pairings.Le Cheri is a great option if you are looking for a peaceful place to enjoy a delicious meal.  Sure, you don't necessarily feel as if you're transported to France when you first walk in the door, but the crisp white table cloth will do just fine for a dinner out with foodie friends, a nice date, or dinner with parental units.  
The menu seems to change with some frequency, but the staples are great.  The escargot was truly delicious: balanced rich flavors with potato and a buttery sauce.  Steak tartare was also flavorful but maybe not quite up to Vernick standards.  The table side quail was excellent.  Tender bird stuffed with foie gras, accompanied by perfectly cooked asparagus and homemade gnocchi.  $34 but worth it.  Desserts were also scrumptious, although the pot de creme does not quite live up to the other options on the menu or the one at Zinc.
Overall a lovely meal.  The wine list has reasonably priced bottles.  Split appetizers, entree, dessert, and split wine amounted to $54 per person ... Not bad for French food in Rittenhouse!I so much want Le Cheri to be a success. Pierre and Charlotte are two of the most gracious people one can meet. We ate dinner before the change of chef. The lamb tongue was wonderful as was the escargot . I chose to order the boeuf for two. It was good but not memorable. I made a bad choice. It happens. There was nothing wrong with the meat. I should have ordered something more exciting. I am due to return soon i will update all then. Has anyone tried eating at the barThis was our second time eating here for dinner!  Very accommodating staff who handled our group of 7! Very friendly, efficient and knowledgeable of the menu!! This was their last night before closing for vacation so they they had limited numbers of the entrees-only one lamb dish and two chicken-so we had to opt for the veal medallion.  It was slightly over cooked to my liking, however the side dish was excellent.  Pork cheeks with pasta was outstanding along with the chicken.  Kudos to the hostess as she was able to secure the large group for outside seating even though they do not take reservations specifically for that area!   Will definitely be back!  Felt special as the head chef came out to spend some time talking to us and thanking us for our business!!Everything here was excellent. For appetizers we tried the blood sausage, gravlax and the escargot. For dinner we had the steak and the scallops; the scallops were cooked perfectly and the steak was delicious. I think the free macaroons they gave us with dessert were the best free macaroons I have ever had. Here's to hoping they fair better in this location than previous tenants.Everything here is PERFECT. Food, wine, service, atmosphere, seriously every aspect is spectacular at Le Cheri. The restaurant is located in a museum/art gallery, so come a little bit early and enjoy the art appetizer before your meal. P.S. The duck breast tastes like heaven here.We walked out.  My husband and I went to Le Cheri for the first time last week and left before dinner solely due to the rude waiter.  We were upset and disappointed. We'd heard positive comments about the restaurant and enjoy eating at lovely restaurants. The hostess who seated us was gracious. The setting is beautiful. We were excited and looking forward to a delightful evening. Then came the waiter: nasty. surly and rude! When we asked, "Do you have a list of wines  by the glass?" he said, emphatically, "NO!!!" And, then, as if it were a joke, named a few while conveying disdain. When asked about single malt scotches, he similarly acted with scorn when we said what we enjoy. He said, "I worked for Le Bec Fin for 20 years and I know scotches."  We felt so harshly treated and berated that we decided to leave. To the credit, again, of the hostess and the manager, our concerns were graciously respected and our departure went well because of them.  Thank goodness, we didn't address our concerns to the waiter. We'll NEVER go back!Beautiful space, amazing food. Quite simply: food here is work of art. It's not like there is anything wrong with good, simple food either but this place definitely takes food art to a whole different level. Very impressive. Great place for a date with a significant other. Superb service completes an impeccable experience. Garden seating is what you want to go for in a good weather.Le Cheri is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! First of all it is in a lovely setting and if the weather is nice you can sit it outdoors in this beautiful garden of the mansion! The food is elegant, classic but innovative French, very tasty and the service impeccable! It never lets you down even if you go for a drink or dessert it's a perfect setting!  I love Le CheriLe Cheri was delightful!  The service was great, the atmosphere was nice and cozy and the food was fantastic.
I never thought I'd have beef tartar as good as the one from Vernick but theirs was just as good, if not better.  It had a hint of spice and a nice horseradish kick with a side of thinly shaved chips.  The portion was also quite sizable.  The mahi mahi with pomegranate seeds was a great combo- not anything I'd ever think would go together but it was tasty.  I was however, pretty jealous of my friend's beef bourguignon with papardelle.  As soon as it came out, I immediately had food envy, and when I tasted it, it was as good as it looked...the meat just melted off.  The only downfall was my friend's quenelle.  The rice it came with was overwhelmingly salty, despite being really delicious.  The rice had great flavor and kind of reminded me of the rice scrapings from the bottom of a paella pan.  For dessert, I had the pear and chocolate charlotte which was a wonderful rich dark chocolate that was not overwhelmingly sweet.  My friend's bread pudding however, was outstanding though.
The prices here were decent.  Our table of 4 got 2 bottles of wine, we each got apps, entree and dessert and the total was only 75pp with a generous tip.  I definitely cannot wait to come back here.Went for an early Sunday dinner, and were totally impressed. We had eaten a few times at their other restaurant, Bibou, so we had high expectations, and we
 were not disappointed. The food was classic French and it was all delicious and wonderfully presented. The room has been given a bit of a lift with beautiful wallpaper and a shimmering silver/grey wall color. 
I am still remembering the flavors as I write this review. A wonderful addition to our already lucky culinary city!Simply amazing. From the moment you enter till the time you leave this place is phenomenal. Service is spectacular and the food is delicious. The chicken was like something I've never had before it had so much flavor and was so juicy. We were celebrating a birthday and they made the experience wonderful. Everyone in the party enjoyed their meals. Will definitely be coming back.I visited this place last night for dinner and was seated at the patio.  It was a nice night to dine outside.  Our waiter, Bora, was respectful and polite the entire time and gave us time to enjoy each course.  We had the chilled apricot soup with pate plate to start.  The hint of mint was really fresh.  Our entree, lamb and rabbit, was cooked just right and my entree was rather flavorful.  We shared mousse for desert and loved the whiskey ice cream that accompanied the dish.  Would definitely be a place we would like to return to dine again.We had Saturday reservations for 9pm. Since it was a lousy night outside we called to ask they had been any cancelations for a earlier time. Also , we're at the age where we are too young for early bird special, but 9pm dinner is a little late for us. They didn't have anything but said they would call if anything changed. And they did! We got in at 7pm. Perfect. We had the Salad Lyonaise, and the Ravoli cream cheese for starters. Both were very good, but the salad gets the nod for being different.  I had the short ribs which I'm always a sucker for. They were delicious, and my wife had something I could neither pronounce or remember, but she enjoyed greatly. Obviously, being French they have several bottles of wine to choose from, and a handful by the glass. I was pleasantly surprise with their unusual beer selection. I have a French triple that was very nice. The ambiance was ok.  The table were sat at was very close to the next table.For the best French culinary experience this is the place to go to. The food is delicious, tasty and full of French flavors. Definitely recommend the pate and the green peas raviolis. The Mimi cake is devine although the fruit tart is out of this world. 
If the weather is cool enough sit in the yard: the evening is a Percy time to take a date out! Very romantic...very French!
Chef owned and operated. Simply the best in town.This is my favorite place in Rittenhouse square. The food is better than Parc or lacroix. The ambiance is quaint, cozy and unpretentious. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly... if you want an authentic French experience, where you feel like family and might forget that you are actually in Philadelphia, than this is the place to be!My boyfriend and I came here for date night last month and had an amazing time! The food is incredible - one month later and my mouth is still watering at the memory.
The quenelle. Oh my goodness. It was perfect. The tender fish. The rich lobster sauce. One of my favorite dishes I've had in Philly thus far!
The other stand-out for us was a foie gras ravioli that they had as a special that night. It was a savory, soft, melt-in-your-mouth wonder.
We went to dinner after a very tough week at work for me, so we used that as an excuse to "go all out", meaning oysters, wine, various starters, and entrees. We enjoyed every single one of the dishes, though I will say I've had slightly better french onion soup and escargot elsewhere.
The service was exceptional throughout - from the woman who greeted us, took our coats, and showed us our table to our waiter who answered our every question on the menu. I found the price/ value ratio for the dishes fair, especially for the high-quality preparation and how deliciously everything turned out.
Last but not least, the ambience is super romantic. The building is charming and old, but the space is well-organized. It's a shame that the bathroom is located outside of the restaurant since it feels like you're interrupting a nice dream when you leave the main dining room. All in all, I hope we'll be back again!Amazing surprise - highly satisfied!!
Such a fun location, quirky but perfect (reminds me of White Dog like that). We each enjoyed a heavy poured glass of champagne and then apps. The salmon was so thin it looked as if was painted on the plate. The baked trout was wow! Though it didn't look it, the chef did magic with the butter - the filet was so light and delicious. 
No dessert for us, but we will be back!I dined at Le Cheri this past Friday.  Le Cheri is a great addition to the Rittenhouse restaurant scene.  The food is well priced, as many have noted, and has a dining space that is large and also intimate.  The food is excellent, very similar to the food at Bibou, the Camels first restaurant.  I had the special for my appetizer, a scallop ravioli with a lobster sauce.  It was outstanding.  For dinner I had the bourguignon, which was my least favorite dish but still delicious.  I tried the bread pudding special for dessert which was great.
The restaurant is serving liquor now although I believe the bar is not fully stocked yet.  We brought our own bottle as they are phasing in the end of the BYOB status.  The wine list looks promising although I will, admittedly, miss the BYOB status.  Still, even with the end of the restaurant's BYOB status, the prices are reasonable and the food amazing.  This is a great choice for dinner.Very, very good overall. Had the beef which was cooked perfectly, albeit a little under seasoned. Service was excellent. Extensive wine list and be ambiance is great. Menu is smart with classic French choices.I'll start with the fact that we love French bistro food and are pretty adventurous eaters. The food was passable (maybe even good), but not particularly notable. However, more bothersome was the 45 minute wait after we showed up in time for our 8:30 reservation. (In retrospect, we regret not leaving then.) the service afterwards was pleasant, but not especially helpful in helping us navigate the menu or winelist. Unlikely we will return, but I'll update if that changes.much better than bibou (as of march 2014).  Foie Gras, ravioli appetizer, cheese plate were 4 stars.  Short ribsand quenelles were 3 star dishes.  Rabbit ballotine was not good but wine selection was good and well priced.We dined at Le Cheri this Saturday. We 'v been to Bibou for the tasting menu in the past, so decided to try out their new place.
The location is great right off the Rittenhouse square, we were lucky to get a parking spot, the parking behind the Art Alliance building is pricey.
The building itself is very interesting and Le Cheri occupies the part of the first floor, they even have a separate private dining room.
Unfortunately by the time we came they already got their liquor license, so we chose a bottle of their Languedoc red wine, or bring your own, they charge $20 for corkage. 
We started with appetizers: foie gras with quince, scallop ravioli with a lobster sauce, amazing British Columbia oysters and escargot, all very uniquely prepared and foie gras is melting in your mouth. The food is well priced too, appetizers $8- 12, and Le plates $23-30.
For the plates we chose short rib bourguignon and a rabbit medallions, both superbly prepared. 
The ambiance and service were great too, the room is spacious and well appointed, service is attentive but not rushed.
The nice finish to our dinner was with cranberry meringue tart and of course crème Brule.
The chef was in attendance and it was a pleasure to talk to him and discuss some dishes that we really enjoyed.
Merci Le Cheri, we'll be back soon.