I like LPQ, I really do. The salads are great and the sandwich's are always prepared nicely. Also I think they have some amazing croissants, the chocolate one is amazing. 
As far as service is concerned there is nothing outstanding here, they do not clear silverware between courses. Though the servers are typically in a good mood which is all you can ask for at most breakfast/ lunch restaurants as well as a coffee refill or two. 
Which brings me to why I deducted one star. The coffee!! My coffe of choice in the summer is an iced red eye (iced coffee w/ a shot of espresso) which normally is enough to sent me on a ten miles while doing my laundry was eerily watered down and bland. 
Ill be coming back for sure but maybe next time ill just stick with straight up espresso.This place is so great! I always swing by after a dr. Appt for avocado toast and their delish coffee! The staff is always so friendly and welcoming- if you come make sure you ask for Dion or Mary, they are great and will take care of you! Dion always remembers my order and will greet me with my coffee as soon as I sit-  so great!Great Bakery with a variety of options but so over priced!! A salad and a small pie or dessert dish ran me well over $12. Granted their service is always top notch, very friendly. The soups are great as well and won't break the bank as much. Plus try their mini quiches for that quick sweet snack (they usually have unique flavors)We always go to La Pain Quotidien when we are in Philly; we have been to the 801 Walnut location numerous times and love it each time we visit. The service is fast and the staff is always friendly. I would definitely recommend this location- Shedina, our waitress for today, is great!I go out of my way to visit this location to see if Trey is working. I met him 3 years ago with my friends and our babes when they were first born. He always refilled our coffee cups, held the door open as we strolled in our jumbo strollers, and brought us extra napkins for unexplainable tears. He's the best and it warms my heart every time I see him.I frequent this spot quite a bit while I'm working. Great spot for super fast and healthy eats. Love their avocado toast and also their smoked salmon salad! They have wifi which allows me to get a lot of work done while I'm grabbing a quick bite to eat. Mary is my favorite server here. Always warm and welcoming!Stoped in for a quick lunch and waited 10 minutes before I was handed a menu.  When nobody came with another 5-10 minutes I walked out and went to WAWa for soup.   Probably saved 10 bucks by doing that because a bowl of soup here was over $12, dollarsDecent chain restaurant. The food and service are ok at best, but I like the fact that the atmosphere is always subdued. Free wifi and big tables would give one the opportunity to get serious work done here. I'm surprised more people aren't here doing that.Casual and very "French-like" atmosphere. I actually had a tough time choosing - prosciutto, ricotta and fig tarting, w apple arugula and finished w a drizzle of honey.... SOLD!We ordered drinks to go and didn't know that seats were only for people being waited on (unlike all other cafés). Server rudely Told us we weren't supposed to sit but he "couldn't tell us what to do". Also were out of many drinks.My partner and I went to Le Pain yesterday morning for our two year anniversary. Our server, Mary, was so attentive and charismatic. She recommended the mushroom goat omelette. I absolutely cannot stand mushrooms but at her suggestion I tried it anyway. It was one of the most amazing omelettes I've ever had and has changed my mind about mushrooms completely. We also had the Belgium waffle which were to die for! Being even more adventurous she recommended the super greens which was delicious. The entire experience was amazing and she made sure we were happy and full when we left. Next time you go to Le Pain ask for Mary!A bit on the pricey side really. Very slow service if you're at a table. And we were swatting flies the entire time ... Inside! Not sure if this is a place we will ever be coming back to eat. 
The food was fine, but the non-food factors are enough to make us not return, unfortunately.My expectations were pretty low, so I was pleasantly surprised by my breakfast.  I had the salmon plate with ricotta and a soft boiled egg.  The egg white in my egg was a bit runny, which I don't like, but other than that, the salmon and ricotta were tasty.  I also had a decaf latte made with half and half, which was delicious (and big!  they come in a bowl!).  I never order omelets, but tasted the ham and cheese, which was really good.  I'd go back to order that!  I was there with a group of 8, and the food took forever to come out, but our waiter was friendly and attentive.It's nice having a LPQ in Philly. This one has everything you'd expect--lots of wood, a real clean environment and pretty damn fine coffee.
I don't disagree with Karen that it's overpriced, but you know exactly what you're getting into here when you walk in the door.
Try to get one of the croissants that are a little under-cooked so you can taste the moist buttery flavor.Absolutely fabulous. Our server Deion was incredible. He made an amazing lunch even better.  The watermelon cooler was phenomenal, as was the lentil avocado. Our entire party enjoyed every aspect of our visit. Definitely will be visiting again soon. Ask for Deion... He's so Fab.Not sure if it's because I was hungry, but I had the best omelette that I've ever had outside of my kitchen. Mainly is because everything is organic and fresh. I ordered the tomato omelette and avocado that comes with toast and a side salad. Very healthy and very tasty!My friend and I were early for the theater and went here for a drink and pastry. The pastries weren't appealing so we ordered hot chocolate at the counter. They asked us if it was for there or for takeout and we said it was for there and were told to take a seat. A friendly waiter soon approached us with menus and we explained that we had already ordered and paid at the counter. A few minutes later a waitress smacked two to go cups on our table and told us for future reference that the seating area was a full service restaurant and we had to be attended by the wait staff. We asked if we should leave and she said we could stay, but we needed to know that for the future. I can tell you there will be no future for us there because the hot chocolate did taste like burnt milk as another review indicated. We took our to go cups and left. The irony is that the original waiter would have received money for nothing because we were planning to leave him a tip anyway.Yes...it's pricier than Starbucks across the street. But does Starbucks have fresh baked bread and pastries daily?  And does Starbucks have the constantly buzzing around (but never annoying) and always extremely helpful staff that Le Pain has? Nope. 
The Gazpacho was great, and knowing it's vegan makes me not feel guilty about how much I enjoyed it. The tartines are delicious... And I can't seem to say "No" to the chocolate croissants!
I would very highly recommend for those who want something different than the same old lunch spots.Went with a friend for brunch to Le Pain Quotidien and was pleasantly surprised.  Although it was expensive, it wasn't as wily pricey as I worried it might be.  I got a delicious ham and cheese croissant that was to die for.  The side salad was good.  I tried their gluten free bread, which was okay but didn't blow me away.  The service was good, although I wish they filled the water more often.  Also I took away a star because my friend found a little piece of plastic in her eggs.  Overall I really liked it here and would go again!Food was delicious and fresh. Chocolate mousse was to due for. Great way to pass the time while family member was in surgery at Wills Eye Institute. Waiter was attentive and funny! Highly recommend!Love, love this place. First thing that drew me to Le Pain is their beautiful interior and exterior. The staff are extremely nice and helpful, and make the experience even better. I got the lemonade and iced tea which is okay, and the chocolate tart which was pretty good!! Highly recommend coming here for a chill atmosphere, and a cute place to eat and relax!!!We went here on Veterans Day in between medical appointments at Jefferson. It's a very convenient location to have a leisurely cup of coffee. We ordered breakfast of soft boiled egg and smoked salmon as well as avocado toast. We sat at the long communal table and had some great conversation with a couple from New Jersey. Service could be a little bit better but it wasn't bad and the coffee is serving French bowl so it does tend to get a little cold so if you like a coffee really hot this is not the place for you.The service was good.  they did not hover, but were available when needed.  The food was ok.  I have had the pain au chocolats from here, and they are delicious.  I had the eggs this morning and they were just ok.Excellent sandwich and menu choices. Love the European atmosphere and take home spreads.  Service was ok not great.I came here for coffee and a snack before the Theatre. I had a pastry and Caffe Americano  and sat outside for a bit before heading to the Walnut Street Theatre. I definitely have to come back next time for lunch/brunch before show. The coffee was very good and pastry a nice treat. I shall come back.So I have been here a few times. The place is really nice, clean, and very open. They have a seat yourself policy which is fine so just be aware of where you are when you go in. My only thing is that service in this location is really spotty. Sometimes you get a great server and they are quick and attentive but other times you can wait 15 or 20 mins just for water. The servers just seem disorganized when I have been there. The food is good with lots of healthy options but very overpriced, even for area. I probably won't be going back anytime soon.Very cute French-style bakery-restaurant with a staff that was friendly and happy to be of service.
We had: 
Ham & Gruyere Croissant: smaller than expected, but delicious
Dragonfruit Smoothie Bowl: friend said it was great
Watermelon drink special:  had mint and maybe orange juice, it was very refreshing
Iced Coffee: very good
Espresso: very good, with nice "espumita" (foam that covers a well-made Cuban coffee)
The baguettes and rustic breads on the racks looked so appetizing, it is unfortunate we did not have more time in our trip to grab one for later snacking.
Overall, Starbucks-like prices with good flavors all around.$11.00 for a flavorless lentil soup and a hot chocolate only someone without tastebuds could enjoy.  I've been to many LPQs and have had tasty meals, but I shall never return to this one.Busy, high traffic location. Went there for brunch during peak hours and was seated immediately. The service was great but food was better! The smoked salmon and scallion omelet was to die for! Their food is all organic and the decor is eco friendly. The jams provided was tasty as well. The food presentation is adorable and chic. There are outdoor seating as well that would be nice for spring and summer.I have a love affair with Le Pain Quotidien. I live in Los Angeles, and I eat at the Pasadena location at LEAST once a month. 
So you can imagine my delight when I saw one right across the street from where I was taking my mom for her doctor appointment! She's been to LPQ with me before, so we were both looking forward to having some breakfast following the appt.
The only seats open and clean were at the communal table. We sat side by side and waited for menus. I noticed a few tables that were empty but had not been bussed. We waited quite awhile for menus, but were told that our server would be with us very soon.
Our server came, but not very quickly. When he arrived, we ordered our meal. We asked for a tea and a coffee, as well as two waters. We had to ask for the waters three times before they finally came!
When the food arrived, it was fine. I ordered my tomato and avocado omelette staple, and it tasted fine. When our food came, I asked for the jams. Nothing came until I had finished my omelette, and it wasn't the usual trio of spreads, but just a jar that it looked like he grabbed off the shelf. There were two of the jam trios on the unbussed tables.
Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled with my experienced. In my servers defense, it seemed like he was the only one working that morning which is extremely unfair to him. They were severely understaffed, which obviously effects more than they might realize. I'm alright never coming to this location again.I'm from out of town, so I was just taking a walk and decided to stop into this place for breakfast. I was greeted warmly and my server was friendly and prompt. I was served quickly and everything tasted great. I ordered the banana walnut steel cut oatmeal as pictured. It was a huge portion that I couldn't even finish! The coffee was delicious as well.My mom and I go here for lunch sometimes and always have had a good experience. Yesterday, she had the frittata and salad and I had the tomato avocado omelet and salad, both were amazing. Our waiter was very friendly as well. On our way out we tried their chocolate caramel tart and it is the most mouth watering tart I've ever tasted!!! So delicious. We will definitely we back.B
This a very cute restaurant with cozy vibe. Great place for a weekend brunch. It's not too packed and the service is great so you don't feel rushed to finish your food. 
We ordered avocado toast and grilled chicken and mozzarella melt. 
Both good toasts however the avocado was a bit too fresh. Price is a bit pricey for the amount of food, but still worth while checking it out.This is a cute, reasonably priced restaurant with yummy selections.  I like the oatmeal and open faced sandwich with cheese, delicious.  Staff there are friendly, it's nice to have waiter service.  Everything is yummy, I want to try more things there.I had a great experience here with my best friend. We went for brunch on a Saturday. The service was really great and the atmosphere was lovely; nice place to just sit and chat. They have a pretty good selection regarding their menu, but I just wish they had some kind of home fries/potatoes included.I loved my lunch here. The smoked salmon with egg salad was delicious! They have outdoor seating, which was nice. Waiter was excellent as well. I will definitely go back for more yummy food.Very delicious and fresh. Loved the hummus! I was truly happy with the service and food... Whenever
 in Philadelphia I will most definitely stop here.Friendly service. Pastries look delicious although I didn't have one. Breakfast sandwich was tasty but VERY greasy which was not ideal when trying to eat while working. Also seems to get loud even when just a handful of people here. Worst part is the WiFi is VERY slow. Overall a nice place to grab a coffee but there are better places if you're looking to get some work done.Stopped in for an espresso and a small dish during the middle of lunch. My waitress seemed a little overwhelmed but was nice and I also talked to the manager for a minute and she was very nice also. Very impressed with the espresso definitely one of the better ones I've had in Philly. The croissant with ham and guryere cheese was very good but did take almost 20 minutes to come out. Also tried the mousse which had some white chocolate that was pretty decent. My check took a while to get to me but overall good experience and good atmosphere. The espresso will definitely make me stop in again.I've been to Le Pain Quotidien in NYC and I absolutely loved the food and service. However, it's not the same for 8th and walnut location in Philadelphia.
This one star is for their service. The service is poor; I would say somewhat biased! I went with my sis-in-law visiting from out of town with her two kids. Let's see, we ordered Belgian waffle for the kid which arrived with no syrup. I asked for syrup and they said they don't have it. Understood that in Europe they don't eat waffle with syrup. Okay fine. Table next to us got Belgian waffle with syrup in small cup!?!?!?! I ordered breakfast tea that arrived without milk. I asked for it twice and waited about 15 minutes, nope, no sign of milk. I had tea without milk. 
I am okay paying higher price for food as long as the service is good. Here the service was just terrible. I don't think I'll be making a visit to 8th street walnut cafe again.coffee sucks. portions are wild small for the price. Gazpacho more like garbagezpacho. Is this long enough yet yelpsurprisingly good....the simply stuff is good here...the atmosphere is really nice and comforting and the food is a bit over-priced but good.
I like the pastries for take out, the gaspachio soup is great and the sandwiches are ok because the ingredients are nice....the beverages are really good.
To bad the place isn't focused on specializing on one really special item to get everyone in the door...it could be really successful here with some focus on the kitchen.Le pain quotidien is a nice little break from work with a nice, albeit slight expensive selection of brunchie food. We came here for a make-shift morning business meeting. I tried the avocado toast, which was the most popular item, and overall it was good, as you would expected with...bread, avocado and mixed veggies, although there were certain areas of super-salty regions, but the serving size was respectable. I would have liked more tables to be connected to power outlets, but since Le Pain Quotidien is not designed as a working cafe, it's forgivable.You get exactly what you expect from a chain bakery. Tasty enough to become popular and open up other stores, but the croissants needed an extra je ne sais quoi.Le Pain Quotidien (French for daily bread) is a chain, but it sure doesn't feel like it. It's got a rustic, homey decor, all wooden tables and chalkboard menus. What points it loses in reasonable pricing, it makes up in design and atmosphere.
The tartines--open-faced sandwiches--are delicious. They have light, simple fare. Try the Quiche Lorraine, which comes with a mixed greens salad, radish slices, and a beautifully sliced piece of cantaloupe (with the rind still on!). 
Dessert is my weakness here. I always go for the mixed berry tart. The crust is not too sweet, and the cream is light and buttery. It's topped with raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries. 
Try the cappuccino too, and the Belgian hot chocolate. Both are served in these cute round cups. The hot chocolate is served in two parts: a cup of warm frothy milk, and a mini jug of melted chocolate that you pour in yourself. Instagram users would love this, because you can take filtered pictures of the hearts you draw in your foam to your heart's content.
Overpriced? Yes. But it's cute, and I'm a sucker for cute, so Le Pain Quotidien can count me as one of their fans.Awesome service! Showed up early one morning to pick up breakfast pastries for work and was greeted by friendly staff that gave great recommendations which turned out to be a hit in the office. My French manager even complimented me on my selections, but I couldn't take any of the credit.
Pastries were phenomenal. While I didn't get to try them all, I had the coconut macaroon and it was completely addicting. Glad I finally stopped in - I know where to go for a tasty pick-me-up. Will be back!As I write this review this place only has an average of 3 stars I'm really not sure why though. I am here for breakfast and it's pretty busy. The staff is hustling, the food came out in a timely manner and the avocado toast.....wow! It was amazing! The atmosphere they created too is very comfortable and lots of natural sunlight. Highly recommend this place.The menu revolves around breads and organic foods. I love the jams and chocolate hazelnut spreads.  Got a soft boiled egg here, my first since a kid, and it brought back great memories. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a leisurely, filling breakfast or lunch.This cafe is picturesque and delivers great food with friendly service! I ordered oatmeal with fresh berries. As my best friend and I went through our meal, the waiter checked politely on us several times. This was great because I kept asking for refills and add ons.  He delivered everything with a smile and was never late in attending to us. 
The quality of the food is great. You don't feel like the chef just threw the food grill to plate at all. 
This cafe has a pretty extensive bakery case too! Cookies, muffins, tartlets... My friend and I shared a giant chocolate chip cookie that was soft and filled with milk chocolate chunks. 
The coffee is bold, not very aromatic but definitely tasty! 
Bottom line, want a light brunch? This is the place for it. Bring your began friend here because there's a bunch of vegan friendly options.The only good think there is the coffee the rest is okay food. And I don't really recommend that place it's so god dam expensive.I agree with all the either reviews mentioning high prices. My impression from the first time we went here is that the quality is high and does warrant the premium price. I thought the ingredients for fresh and a quiche, while not the best I ever had, certainly what was enjoyable. We will have to go back to try some of the pastries.Stumbled upon this place and walked in for breakfast.  Everyone thought the food was great.  Scrambled eggs,  granola and yogurt parfait,  muffins, french toast.  Tea was good and coffee was much better than the major chain across the street.  Great experience.Once again, amazing series from Mary. The food and coffee are always fabulous. Favorite place for breakfast. Go visit Mary:)I was in the area and stopped in for a meal and was very pleasantly surprised. One of the best omelettes ever. The egg was very well prepared. When I discussed the restaurant with others I was also surprised to learn that they had a similar experience.Stopped by and picked up french pastry one afternoon, they were fabulous. The raisin bread and almond croissants were the closest to authentic I've had in the city in a while. Counter staff was ignorant and couldn't have cared less that I was the only one at the counter and they were busy having a conversation. I would have given it 4 stars if the staff was better. Wondering if this is where the Bean Exchange gets their pastry, so similar.And thank uuuuuuuuuuuuu Elizabeth B for that impersonal response to my thoughtful review. Your pointless attempts to get the last word are the mainstay of my business. MY BUSINESS IS EATING THE FACE OFF OF YUL BRENNERWhile the fare and price will always remain paramount, I do favor design. LPQ possesses a well executed space ideal for what it offers. Yes, it is overpriced, but I don't mind some of my dollars going toward ambiance and service. LPQ excels at both. My meal was not impressive, but certainly good enough for relatively high marks and a return visit.Solid meal. good coffee.   Good quality ingredients.  Random seating.  You could be sitting directly next to a complete stranger.  The place is very busy. I had the croissant with Gruyere cheese and ham.  Served with nice trio of mustard and a little side salad.  Also, the Americana coffee was really delicious once it cooled off.  I looked around and many people were ordering soup.  The waiter said it's very popular.  Every day there's a different soup offered.  Will try and come back another time and try out soup. If you find seating in the corner, you probably can get some work done there for about an hour and a half other than that they'll be rushing you out because they need to seating.We went there on a Sunday morning. The staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome. The food, albeit a little pricey, is worth the extra cost. At least here you get what you pay for. The food is healthy and fresh and you can rest assured there's nothing from a chemical lab in anything sold here.
Steel-cut oatmeal with fresh fruit was nice and tasty. The portion sizes were decent. Trader Joe's steel-cut oatmeal is ordinary-tasting.
The whole wheat French toast was very healthy, especially with different chocolate sauces that were put out for us to try.
The blueberry jam was fantastic, so fresh!
The seasonal apple cider (available hot or iced) was refreshing.
Can't wait to go back the next time we are in town.Overpriced and pretentious. The guy at the counter wouldn't let me order from him because he said someone would come to take my order, so I sat and waited and no one came. For about fifteen minutes, even though there were at least 10 people working and maybe two-three tables of customers (including myself). One of these tables had walked in after me and was already served by the time I got tired of waiting and got up and left. Also, there were flies buzzing around everywhere and crawling on the baked goods in the counter. Do yourself a favor and don't come here.I'm always amazed at how coffee shops make terrible coffee. I ordered a medium dark roast which is usually in my experience full bodied with a bit of an intensity. This is just a cup of terrible black water. If that's your thing then good on you. But if you love coffee and are avoiding that place across the street. I love coffee. This coffee is horrendous. 2 cups and they were both bad.Stopped in here for a vacation breakfast. I've never had avocado toast out before and let me tell you it was great. Atmosphere was great, and the service was great as well. Definitely a great start to a day of traveling and shopping.have been to LPQ in NYC and loved it.  Happened to pass by the Walnut St location en route elsewhere and popped in for a chocolate croissant.
what a disappointment!  It smelled slightly rancid and almost fishy (old shortening?).  At the price and with the repuation of LPQ I would have expecte better.
that's the downside of a chain.  unreliable from place to place.Arrogance comes at a price, and the price here is dear. Snotty waiter commands instead of asks patrons to buy expensive soups and drinks to add to an already pricey meal "Let's at least get a cup of soup with that-and a drink" at $7 for a cup of soup and $4 for a not entirely filled soft drink and sneers at you when you politely refuse and ask for water, which comes at room temperature-nearly $50 total for two people to eat lunch there, when a street vendor charges $5 per person and thanks you for it. Never again.Horrible horrible service!!! Waiters and waitresses all having a chat about their shift and arguing. I asked for well done eggs, I get them half raw literally! I ask for coffee and water I don't get it until I ask for it 3 times!!!!! Cause all the waiters were then taking about their weekend! My husband and I got a headache from how load they were! I live in Dubai and PQ there is really amazing! I was so shocked from the service.... Ps I literally over heard one of the waitresses talking about how her skin complexion was too pale and how her sister has a totally different skin complexion. That's how load they were! Disappointed!!OMFG dont fucking order the tartines. i got two one for my  mom and one for me and the ham and swiss one looked like a child made it. it was literally just slices of dry looking hamd and cheese thrown onto some bread. not worth 13 dollars at all. starbucks' ham and cheese sandwich is better. 
i got a chicken and mozzarella sandiwch and it was nicer than the ham but not great. i dont know why they insist on selling tartines and not sandwiches because they just fell apart. i gave up and ate it with a fork. 
the chicken wasn't great 
the pastries looked really good but i didn't get any.Visiting Le Pain for a hot cup of coffee has become a regular part of my post-gym morning routine over the past year. The coffee is always great, but more importantly I always am welcomed with the best morning greetings and hugs from the AMAZING, positive, and joyful Donna! I always leave with a huge smile on my face and a sense that the world is a wonderful place thanks to her.  Seriously, what better way to start the day than with coffee and a hug??Stopped in for lunch with a small group of friends. Nice atmosphere, great coffee, and the food was yummy. Food took a little while but it wasn't a ridiculous wait or anything. Our server Shedina was really friendly and on top of it.The greatest lunch I've ever had. It blows my mind that this place only has 3/5 stars. Gourmet-Europe like lunch with delicious open faced sandwiches.So today's lunch outing was looking up .... waaayyyy up!  My sorority sister / best friend from college was randomly coming through Philadelphia, as she was traveling for business.  The lunch date stars aligned perfectly, as she arrived into the city at 12:00 ish and found a parking spot directly in front of my office.  At this point, we should have known things were too good to be true!  
I was going to go with Jones or Strangelove, but since we are both watching our waist lines these days, we opted for healthier / lighter fare and decided on Le Pain Quotidien.  I'd ordered lunch takeout (soup & salad) a few months back, it was ok ... so I figured we could give it the good ole college try today.
Yes, I get that the food is organic, but can you please make sure that it tastes good ... please! (it is possible - see my review for FUEL) Now, before I can even discuss the food - I have to chat about the wait .... the very, very (you could go somewhere else order and finish your entire meal plus dessert before LPQ even brings out your dish) looooong wait.  You are thinking ... well maybe these two ancient sorority girls ordered a meal w/ a lot of preparation.  Au contraire mon french frere, we both ordered SALADS.  
I ordered the Nicoise - totally underwhelming except for the slice of anchovy on top.  And Samantha ordered the Caprese salad, which is so much so her favorite, that she has it at least once a week!  Unfortunately, she said that this $14+ Caprese ranked at one of the worst she has ever had.  Well, its a sad day for Philly when a Pittsburgh gal is in town, and has a terrible meal (womp, womp) but I guess I (not my fare city of Philly) should take the fall for this, since afterall, I'm the one who chose LPQ.
Also our waiter was sorta awkward in avoiding the huge elephant in the room - the fact that it took 40+ minutes for 2 salads.  Our waiter was not apologetic as one would expect.  A $35+ tip lunch(w/o drinks, dessert, etc) desserves more - service, good food, a smile .... SOMETHING!Absolutely awful.
Stood there like an idiot waiting to be seated by the "wait to be seated" sign.  The host was loitering by the door, and then turned to me and asked "Can I Help you?!"
I honestly don't know how amateurs get but I pointed at the sign, then asked "Yes, where do you keep the T-Shirts?"
Stale, cold swill, orangeade and 3 slices of bread, were served the croissant was perched on the side, as a "filler".  I was so angry, I tossed a quarter on the table and walked out.
WowEh. Not the worst restaurant along Walnut Street, but certainly not the best either. The biggest issue about this place is that the menu prices are far too expensive for the quality of food that you actually receive. While the multitude of healthy menu offerings is great, the taste of the food really doesn't rival anything that I could make at home. Even their homemade bread isn't anything outstanding; it was extremely tough so I actually had trouble eating it. However, the interior is absolutely charming and the staff was accommodating. You won't have a bad dining experience here, but just don't set your expectations too high.Great Belgian boulangerie offering a variety of salads, sandwiches, and sweets perfect for a quick sit-down bite or takeout. The rustic decor and light colored wooden tables and chairs are reminiscent of a small Western European cafe. The roasted turkey baguette and salmon and avocado sandwich are great.I go here every morning to get coffee, juice, and a pain au chocolat to go. It's overpriced but I paid it because I like it better than Starbucks. Today I went to eat in and was told that due to "policy" my pain au chocolat could not be warmed up. Really??? I even spoke to the manager- not allowed. I am never going back.Went for the first time today don't usually eat this type of food I got soup minestrone with basil oil and have to say it would have been excellent but there were to many beans the broth was great but since there were so many beans it wasn't like soup more like a cup of beansI used to really like this restaurant but this morning I went there for a quick breakfast-What normally would take 1/2 hr took an hour! They brought the wrong order, forgot to bring something we ordered- they were totally confused, running around and didn't seem to know what to do.
What a shame!I came here a few weeks ago and was less than satisfied. The food was mediocre and the service was bad. I decided to give it another try but this will be my last. I ordered an omelette thinking that they should be pretty good in a place that features French food. The omelette was like a rubber ball with no seasoning, the bread(!) was stale and hard. My last visit here. If I could give it no stars, I would.Good food, but overpriced. I was in a rush, so I had one of their pre-made baguette sandwiches (ham and gruyere, yum!) and a café au lait . Really speedy service, as long as you stand in the to-go line. They also had free samples of these apricot tarts which were absolutely AMAZING! I will definitely will order one the next time I stop by.Yummy and healthy choices, with calorie counts on each item. Service wasn't exactly welcoming and the table was never cleaned. Staff is pretty crappy, but at least the fare allows someone who is watching every calorie to eat quality food and keep track. I would return despite the service, which was not slow, just very offhand and not friendly.This place is incredible! I went here the other week and was very impressed with everything in general. The food was very satisfying and delicious. I got the Organic Quinoa Taboule w/ a seasonal iced tea sweetened with raw organic agave nectar. The dish was more than enjoyable and quite satisfying without making me feel overly full. The beverage, to put simple, was quite splendid. I was served by two friendly, outgoing, knowledgeable servers (Tatiana & Trey). Both were very nice, attentive, and made my experience an enjoyable one. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very warm and inviting. It's hard to explain, but I feel very at home here. The service, in addition to the excellent wait staff, is quite top notch. 
     I had a manager (Natasha) come up to me to make sure everything was to my satisfaction. She, as well as her staff, was very friendly and personable. We even shared a few laughs with one another. Everything about the restaurant is quite remarkable. From their communal table, to their Belgium inspired bowls, to their tartines and tartine boards, and their wonderful atmosphere. I especially am impressed that virtually everything in the restaurant is organic. Apparently, they work tirelessly to "go green." They even have their own bakery in Center City as well. That would explain why their breads and pastries taste so fresh and delicious, as if it was just made an hour ago. Overall, extremely impressed. Already looking forward to my next visit, which we'll probably be tomorrow, ha!  Au revoir!It's hard to eat at Le Pain Quotidien without feeling like a bit of an ass. I've been to this one and to two locations in NYC (Upper East Side and Soho). The reason I say this is because the food, while tasty, is always served on teeny tiny plates, just urging you to make a mess of crumbs and debris from your open face "sandwich." And the atmosphere is so unspeakably ostentatious - in its good taste - just reeking of privilege in a way that I find embarrassing. I like the freshly baked spelt bread, the tuna/pesto "sandwich", and the coffee, but I feel like such a douche-bag when I eat here. It's just the vibe.So listen. Le Pain Quotidien is the best of both worlds. There's a coffee shop at the front of the store, if you want hot drinks and pastries to go. It's also a restaurant, where you seat yourself and have a waiter for your table. Yes, the cups are more like bowls and, yes, sometimes the place is short-staffed, but the food will never let you down. Everything I've ordered here has been delicious and I will definitely come back again.Excellent location. Walnut street was in need of a great eatery after a day of shopping or strolling around. The organic menu makes it an even better choice.What a gem in my neighborhood! The food is well prepared, and oh so many healthy choices. The bread, the pastries.....yummy! All of this plus an attentive, friendly staff. And....very good coffee. I took my grandbabies here during their recent visit. The staff asked where WE would be most comfortable sitting with two little ones. Kindness matters, and this staff goes the extra mile for their customers. Great food, great service.I rarely ever review anything, but I just had to give a shoutout to the excellent customer service I've received every time I've come here! 
While Le Pain Quotidien is a little pricey to eat there on the daily, I came to this location two times in a row last week because the wonderful woman behind the counter was SO friendly and attentive and speedy! I got a cup of soup and some bread to-go for $7, which ain't bad for a small, but decent lunch. The first time, I waited no more than 7min or something. The second time, it took a little longer, like 10min, but again, that wonderful woman behind the counter gifted me with a complimentary mint lemonade! It's a small gesture, and not even necessary for such a short wait, but it made an impression on me. Such fabulous service! 
The food is pretty good. I've never ventured far from the soups (that's all I can really afford!), but they come with bread and I'm more or less satisfied. Simple, tasty, organic, and healthy.Sunday Brunch / Breakfast -  Crowded -  Tight tables - Lots of baby carriages  - Noisy - Food was just OK -  Do not mind spending $5.95 for Oatmeal but $2.95 for a cup of coffee - NOT.  4 coffee's 3 salads and some fruit salad / sides for 4 was $90 without tip.  Service was spotty  -  Asked for Splenda for the coffee and by time it got there coffee was no longer hot - Asked for lemon for the water and had to ask again.  The strangest part of the experience was when the table next to us handed us our check because the waiter could not get through the tight tables to give it to us directly.  Not sure if I would go running back anytime soon.The atmosphere was nice and the wait staff pleasant.  The decor evoked a rustic French experience.  The food and drink was served quickly.  I wanted to like it BUT; the food is just mediocre. 
 My Roast Beef tartine that I ordered was rather skimpy.  The meat was grey looking not pink or reddish.  Grey looking meat is just icky.  The bread was a bit on the limp side and a little soggy.  The seasoning was fine.  I hate to say that I have had better at Le Bon Pain.  
The cappacino was served in one of the most oddest cups, one without a handle.  You are supposed to grip the base which made the delivery (for the server) a bit hazardous for all involved.  sure, it is a cute, clever design but I thought, "Get over it and bring me a real coffee cup." 
Their breads cannot touch Le Bus for flavor, texture and taste.  Since this was once a clothing store, I think. there was only one bathroom in the place which is a bit taxing when the place is rushed.
Also, considering it is a recession, the prices were a bit much considering the quality of the food.Bianca
I am unable to provide check number or server name as no one ever came to serve me and my family.I was pretty excited to see Le Pain Quotidien here in Philly - I loved it in NYC.  The breads and pastries are dependably great. The Philadelphia version seems to be pretty busy at all times - and the communal table is a great choice as it is really fast service.  The sandwiches are great here - and the ingredients are all pretty darn fresh and great. The soup is pretty super, and the service was relatively great. It is a bit pricey - but so are many Le Pain's. I look forward to going here at different times and figuring out when I can sit there and do work.Design and style are appealing. Food is quite light but the smoked salmon tartine was good.I can't say enough good things about this place! The food is always amazing and they have great staff members as well as management! Cooper is the best! I also love the classes they offer! I've introduced many people to this restaurant and will continue to do so!I love the food here, but the service is extremely sub-par.   The only reason I keep going back is because of the amazing food.  Even when it is not busy at all, you will not get good or timely service.Went to Le Pain Quotidien on Walnut Street and shared Grilled Chicken & Smoked Mozzarella Melt that was delicious, and our Server Amar B was fabulous, he made sure we had everything we needed.Even though the whole place was empty, I was not allowed to sit down anywhere because I was ordering from the counter. Hmph!
Sidenote: the first time I ever went here, I was sitting next to this fancy Parisian woman. She asked the waiter when her food was coming out because it was taking a while. He responds "It should be out shortly". She then starts to yell, "What does shortly mean? You keep saying shortly and I see no food. If I have to wait any longer, I am going to buy this place!!"  - I could not help but giggle. I wish I had that much money to say such things when receiving bad service.Nice decor. Yet the waiters and waitresses did not seem to be very willing to serve, nor did they look like they knew much about their job. The food looked better than they tasted. Not cheap either. I would go to Parc at Rittenhouse Square for more decent food of more reasonable prices, better service too.The service is constantly terrible , their food is way overpriced but the worse is they served  cold chicken and I don't believe it was fresh!When I placed a order for a salad and add chicken the chef forgot to make It so when the waitress went back and asked for the missing chicken and  he pulled out some cooked chicken frozen from the refrigerator and served cold . They way to serve it is could I was told but the fact is precooked and made fresh is not a organic way to serve food ! ! I feel there is too many choices around the area!As Sabrina's down the blockCouldn't get us in for 30 minutes, we decided to try this place today. Lovely atmosphere with high ceilings, natural wood, very open and airy.  my husband and I took our two small children, and we're happy to see all organic fare as well as good options for our two Year old. The coffee was excellent-even the decaf! my frittata was rather bland and not very flavorful. However my husband's ham and  Gruyere omelette was very tasty. 
Our son got the ham and cheese sandwich-it also came with vegetable sticks and a yummy dipping sauce. Much better than fries! we plan on returning-it was a nice place; even the bathrooms were clean and fresh.Ok this is weird.
The service was awesome. I got greeted when I walked in the door the place was very inviting and I asked about the food and the assistant was very helpful. I put in my order for a parfait and Mochichino.  
I thought the food was overpriced but I got over that.
Now how do you mess up fruit and yogurt?  The fruit was very bitter, like it was picked way to early and the honey in the yogurt was only at the very bottom I couldn't even stir it into the yogurt, it was like one squirt.  And I personally like granola in my parfait and this was like some mix of bland nuts like oats and pumpkin seeds.
So I finish this not so ok parfait to start my Mochichino.  OMG it was dry tasting and didn't even have a chocolate flavor to it.  It was like a coffee gone bad, only it wasn't coffee.  
Suffice to say, I will not stop in there again, nor will I recommend
them.Love the breads and the choices for breakfast. The coffee is great and so is the service. You could have an amazing Sunday brunch with friends herewent here to study with some classmates
Highlight: free wifi, excellent service, tasty items on menu
Lowlight: food portions seemed to be on the small side and a bit TOO healthy.The food is pretty good, but the service leaves much to be desired. The few times I've been to the location on Callowhill, there is always a sense of disorganization among the waitstaff; it's like they don't know which table is theirs. The food service can be pretty slow as well. I think it's an overrated chain, but I do like the decor.Un lugar agradable, con café, chocolate y pasteles muy ricos. Tranquilo, buena música (clásica). Ideal para un día de museos, está al lado de varios, y no ir a los de estos ya que en su mayoría están a la altura de las buenas exposiciones que hay por estos lados. Y muy buena atención!Great place to grab breakfast. I love coming here for some coffee and pastries. They have outdoor seating which is great for the summer.Nice cozy place...The staff members are very pleasant and attentive. They have a pretty good selection of different healthy foods, and I especially love drinking their delicious tea at this place. Also, the morning oatmeal is quite tasty. I sit at the outside tables and usually have brief work meetings with a colleague.Excellent ambience. Good selection of breakfast items. Very friendly service. Just enough food. Not for real big eaters highly recommend.The food is decent but man the service is terribly slow. I stopped in on a week night before an appointment I had in center city and all I ordered was an avocado toast with a fried egg and that took close to 40 minutes to come out. Mind you that the place was basically empty there were two occupied tables when I got there one of which was done maybe 5-10 mins after I got there. There seemed to have been only one waiter and I did see a couple of other employees, one behind the coffee counter doing absolutely nothing and someone else like bringing stuff to the coffee counter cold cases. At one point there was nobody at the coffee counter and the waiter had to go over to help a customer. The manager was definitely at the place but completely oblivious of the slow service. So much for a quick bite before my appointment. I probably won't come back here ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Besides a cozy and rustic atmosphere, all I can remember from my short visit here was the scone.
You bit into it and it instantly raped your mouth of all moisture making you feel like you just took a big hunk out of a chalk stick. The dryness and powdery residual dust from a scone gone very, very wrong lingered even after dowsing our mouths with water. 
No bueno. If you want to experience the above-mentioned without paying for a scone, just walk outside and lick the sidewalk. I'm talking a nice, tongue-rubbing against the gravely cement. YummmmI tried to like this place really. But its just does not tickle my taste buds. I just bought a croissant and it was dry and not flakey. There in house drink was tarty. There to high to try again.Will not be returning.Love coming here for a quiet bite. The staff are always very nice and helpful and the food is delicious. I love the hot honey lemon and ginger drink they have in the winter, the banoffee tart is uh.ma.zing. and I also enjoy the proscuitto, fig and ricotta tartine.First time in Philadelphia, walked past this place and saw their bustling patio, decided to check out the menu and everything sounds great so we went in and got some lunch. Food was awesome and the staff was even better. A great place for a relaxing lunch and conversation.I love Le Pain Quotidien in general, but this LPQ is not up to the chain's overall standards. The other LPQ branches in Philadelphia (and other cities) are much better in terms of service. I've been to this location numerous times and have consistently found the service to be poor -- you generally have to wait a very long time to be given menus, served your food and drinks, and receive the check. It's not uncommon to walk into the restaurant and see numerous empty tables with used dishes that haven't been cleared away. The food and drinks are tasty -- as always at LPQ, but I hope that the management of this branch will hire more servers (or train their servers better).What a lovely little cafe! I loved the Baker's Lunch. It was a ton of food and very reasonably priced. They let me sit and drink my coffee while I worked for a while after I was finished eating. The staff was friendly and attentive, and I loved the atmosphere. I'll be back soon!Just stopped by for a meeting at the 801 Walnut Street location. Very pleasant inside, lots to choose from, quiet, yet social. I didn't pay so I can't comment on pricing but the coffee was good and so was everything we nibbled on. I thought the service was just fine as well.We had a 14 person party and they said they could seat us in 15 we came in 5 in they were already ready. The servers were all super nice and let us split our checks. Great experience so far excited for the food although it is a little pricey.What a great place for breakfast! Not crowded and delicious frittatas! They have an extensive menu and are in a great area. They also serve alcohol (beer and wine) for those curious.What is wrong with you guys ? There is not one visit  that would go right ? Nausea things like spoon for coffee or straws, clean the table from leftovers. Are these things so foreign to the management and employees ?? I don't get it. It these are basic expectations. This chain sued to rock and it still is many other locations like NYC or LA but this spot ? Just don't get it. The service is sloooowww and drags on. By the time you get your breakfast it's lunch time. Just wrong. It should shut downGreat, relaxing place to stop by for brunch before heading to the museum. Their avocado toast and coffee drinks were bomb, and my friends' orders looked delicious as well. Service was prompt and friendly.Everything is so fancy and elegant here! A little expensive and service can be kinda slow during busy hours, but aren't all great restaurants? I like all the various vegan/vegetarian options! They are very clearly labeled and very tasty! The vegan pastries are yummy! I liked their carrot cake muffin! It's so moist and not dried out like how some vegan treats can be.OMG, this place is awesome. 
You can go to Paris at the corner of Walnut and Broad with their fabulous decor. Even though I've never been to Paris but the minimalistic decor, the warm wall color, the simple wood tables and chairs set me in the Parisien mood. 
They serves lunch and dinner as well as quiche and tartines. Their non-alcoholic drinks are organic. Their parties are amazing including their duo chocolate mousse.In 4 or 5 visits, I've never been disappointed by the food or the service. Service moves at a certain pace - don't come if you're in a hurry - you'll have some moments to get settled and more time after you're done. The fresh salads are my favs; the lentil salad is always great. Coffee is wonderful. Baked yummies are wonderful. They serve a yogurt with dried fruit and granola in three little pots that will entertain a young'un for quite a while. I appreciate them for what they are: delicious fresh food and baked goods in a relaxed atmosphere. Pricey, but on a day when quiet and unhurried is what's called for, worth every bit.it wasn't as good as i remember it....
there were lots of vegan options, but i felt like the items were overpriced. the kale cesar salad was pretty yummy and creamy. the chai latte was good, but def not spicy enough, and the portion was really small. it was also weak.Cute place, though not a ton of space on the tables.  Their bread basket was tasty, their watermelon cooler is fantastic, and their food is pretty good. I especially liked their french toast and their Quinoa salad.  Vegan options are also available for inquiring minds. I am glad they are in the neighborhood!  
Just beware: It can be a bit pricy if you order the wrong way...like they charge you for refills of all drinks (except water and coffee), the Belgian Waffle is a real single serving so if you order more than one, the price is going up AND you will not be full unless you order something else.Two stars because I didn't care for my Organic Brioche French toast. (I appreciated the organic aspect of it -same re: the coffee - but that's all.) The only thing i got I'd recommend is the fig jam. I should note too, my waiter was EXCELLENT, very nice, intelligent, etc. Everything is super pricey here and not really worth it, even the jam, which is imported from Denmark, I believe. 
Due to all the above I've no interest in returning.Not very good. Friday morning 8:30am and no chai made even though on menu so no latte for me. Ordered ham n cheese croissant and didn't want a salad this early so asked for just croissant or fruit instead. Told sorry but that's how it comes!  $10 for a croissant and salad I didn't want!  Think I need my latte:(. Brought out croissant with side of berries but I still had to go find my latte elsewhere and my hubby got his omelette with a salad that he didn't touch-yuck! Will not be back for $25 so-so breakfast. People watching great on sidewalk though.This is probably one of my favorite chain restaurant/ bakery. It is so convenient for me and really like their cozy ambiance. 
They do not really bother me once I order so it is perfect to catch up with friends or read myself even. 
I always get their Paris ham & cheese tartine or quinoa cake with arugula. Once they ran out hummus and informed me after I ordered so I had to eat without hummus. Wasn't that good. Would been nice if they substitute with other ingredient though.The service is good and the place looks nice, but the food and drinks are overpriced. $4 coffees? I took a sip to see if the coffee was made from liquid gold or unicorn tears, but found that it wasn't. 
Food-wise, the only affordable items are the breakfast pastries - not good for people trying to stay healthy. We had 2 of them - an apple turnover and a plain croissant. The apple turnover looked very fluffy at first glance, but when we bit into it, we found it was mostly filled with empty space, thinly lined with some type of apple puree. The croissant was also very airy. In retrospect, it was pretty dumb to spend $8 on air/nothingness disguised as pastries. Lesson learned.
The prices would be justified if the quality was good, but I didn't think it was. I have purchased items from their Walnut street location before and felt better about the pricing there. Maybe this location is uniquely overpriced and lacking in quality.Ok this is weird.
The service was awesome. I got greeted when I walked in the door the place was very inviting and I asked about the food and the assistant was very helpful. I put in my order for a parfait and Mochichino.  
I thought the food was overpriced but I got over that.
Now how do you mess up fruit and yogurt?  The fruit was very bitter, like it was picked way to early and the honey in the yogurt was only at the very bottom I couldn't even stir it into the yogurt, it was like one squirt.  And I personally like granola in my parfait and this was like some mix of bland nuts like oats and pumpkin seeds.
So I finish this not so ok parfait to start my Mochichino.  OMG it was dry tasting and didn't even have a chocolate flavor to it.  It was like a coffee gone bad, only it wasn't coffee.  
Suffice to say, I will not stop in there again, nor will I recommend
them.I haven't eaten any meals here, I've only had the desserts and a watermelon cooler (which I loved). The fruit tarts and chocolate mousse may be a bit sweet for some but I like their chocolate croissant.Just left here, came in for a Sunday brunch. We sat outside which was nice, it added to the authentic French cafe feel. We ordered the waffles with fruit and chocolate, my boyfriend also got the egg skillet both were fantastic.
The real highlight of this place however was the server, Monet. Our food took a bit long to come out but we didn't care, she came to us and removed the coffee from our bill and offered us two free bakery items. She was absolutely excellent and made our visit 100x more pleasant. Highly recommend stopping by for a visit, and if you can ask for Monet!Yes, it's a chain.  But they do it right.  
One of life's pleasures is a big bowl of cafe au lait.  LPQ serves it in a vat, steaming with just the right amount of foam.  Paired with a soft boiled egg and some very good bread, it's enough to forget your worries for a morning.  
I've been to several of the NYC locations, and was pleasantly surprised by how excellent the service was at the Phila location.  I recommend going on off-hours, as I'm guessing that it will get crowded during the rush and on weekends.A very cute cafe and more just off Broad and Walnut downtown. It's nice for a good cup of coffee after all the other coffee shops nearby shut down around 7pm. The interior has a nice ambience and it looks like they host some local events like baking with Mom or cookies with Dad. Limited coffee menu, and baked goods sell out early but are very nice. A little pricey for what you get, but you'll be sure to enjoy whatever you do.
Overall: 3.5/5 come for the later in the evening cup of coffee and grab one of the remaining pastries. The ideal spot for a night time pick me up while you're downtown.Awful service, rude and unprofessional. They didnt give me the food that i ordered and it was cold. Do not recommend unless you have a whole afternoon to be served. They leave open jars of spreads and jams on the table for use. Im not a fan of those communal condiments.  The room is pretty though.Really 3.5 Stars- but the quality trumps the negatives,,, food was very good, pretty pricey ( more like $$$ - we had to tartine and 2 drinks and it came to a $40 "snack").  Service was pretty slow - yes I realize it is all made to order...I like this place quite a lot because of its nice environment and I get to sit here as long as I want. It's a good place to hang out with friends, also get their hot chocolate it's great!!The dessert and coffee were good, but felt a bit overpriced. Feels like a good place though for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. Not a place for dinner although it says so on their sign outside.Consistently Mediocre, overpriced food at every location.   Nearly every sandwich served to our large party was accompanied by salad greens period!  My croques monsieur was tasteless with the bottom portion of the bread soggy to boot.  My wife's vegetable quiche was a VERYstingy wedge with the aforementioned greens.  We had water, no dessert nor coffee.  The bill for us was $34 dollars including tip.  (There was no need to punish our waitress for the chef's misdoings!!). A second visit to a different location was a mistake I will not repeat. My open-face curry chicken salad "sandwich" was the most tasteless excuse for lunch I have ever been served. BTW, this chain favors these open-face concoctions because the are short on ingredients. You cannot put the same amount of ingredients on a sandwich that literally lacks half its support!!!  DisgracefulNice atmosphere however when attempting to order the items on the menu were not available. They only had one server while he was very nice it took him a long time to get to all the tables. I would just go down the street to Starbucks if you want something warm to drink.I know that everyone is a little annoyed by their prices . . . but go try their coffee . . . price will no longer matter.  This cup of coffee is the highlight of my morning.  I do not drink Starbucks coffee which leaves me with very few options on my walk to work other than Dunkin Donuts.  Thank goodness for Le Pain Quotidien.  They have solved my morning coffee dilemma!I pass by this place every day on my way to work, and it's usually always so busy around 9:30. I was always quite curious as to the cuisine, so I looked this up on Yelp to find that people really don't like it as much as I've seen over the past months. So, I decided to go in and see if it was really as bad as they wrote. As I walked in, I was immediately greeted by a male server with a ponytail as well as the barista behind the counter. The man told me I could sit wherever I liked, and immediately came with a menu for me so I could look. Since this was lunchtime, it was quite busy, but I was surprised by how personable my server was. I could see that this was a trend,as every server tried to give each customer personalized attention. The food was refreshing and delicious, but what intrigued me was how simple it was. You can tell everyone cares at this job; the managers came out to help the servers when it got too busy. All in all, I would say this restaurant is a gem.Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 3 stars (the restaurant could use more structure)
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
Location: 4 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  Le Pain Quotidien is a refreshingly healthy restaurant in Center City.  It provides great alternatives to the heavier and more unhealthy dining experiences in the city.  They feature ingredients that are organic (which I really do not really care about) and dishes are well prepared.  
I would recommend sharing the Mediterranean Platter with someone (Hummus, Baba Ganoush and Tabouli) and ordering an open faced sandwich.  The roast beef sandwich was delicious.
Service was a little erratic and their alcohol license was pending.  Nevertheless, this is a good option for lunch in Center City if you are looking for lighter/healthier options.  Reminds me of California cuisine.
Overall: 3.5 starsQuite pricey, but you know what you're getting into when you come to Le Pain Quotidien. I've been to this location twice and the first time I came, I was slightly disappointed; I had ordered the prosciutto, pear, and fig tartine but instead of pears, they had put apples on my tartine (small detail but if I'm paying twenty dollars for a meal, I'd prefer my order be done correctly). Still, the space is ambient and the second time I came, I ordered this wonderful omelette and had an amazing salad. Looking forward to visiting Philly's other location!Great food and they are very careful on gluten free options.Just had the Cobb salad today. Not bad in a general sense (how wrong can you go with mixed greens, avocado and egg) but the chicken breast was unacceptable by any standard. Dry, tasteless and old looking. Of all the ingredients that are included in this salad only the chicken is where a chef can show his art and in that the establishment's chef failed miserably.
The restaurant fails as well by letting food of such a low quality be served.Good ambiance, friendly waiter, enjoyable food--not much to be picky about here.  One issue of note: we were in a rush and it took quite a while to get our food.  Perhaps the fact that we were in a rush amplified how long the wait felt... but I'm pretty sure it was just objectively a much longer wait than usual at comparable establishments.Get the white bean hummus.  If it's early or not on the menu, ask for it.  You won't be disappointed.I'd say 2 1/2 if I could just cause it's cute. Went for just coffee and dessert with family on a Saturday night around 6.
The cozy, rustic-chic ambience and layout of the place fools you into thinking this is gonna be the best cafe you've ever had the pleasure of visiting. Au contraire. 
I've never been to France so maybe they were going for that whole sidewalk bistro nuts and bolts of coffee and pastries- no gimmicks, no flair, etc. As far from Dunkin's sugary goodness as you can imagine. But I wasn't diggin' it.
For one, I thought we could order at the counter and get drinks and pastries to go or sit down with, in ideally less than ten minutes. No, we had to sit and have a 40 minute ordeal of a server bringing a menu, taking our orders, the pastry chef and barista preparing our orders, consuming our beverages, and then waiting for the check. 
My latte came in one flavor only- latte. No syrups or fun, just bland and foamy and luke warm at best.  We ordered buttermilk scones, expecting after a ten minute wait that they'd be warm and moist and buttery and fluffy. Nope. They might as well have been hockey pucks- so dry and flavorless I had to smother it in honey. 
Cute concept, but executed poorly.my boyfriend and i just had a wonderful brunch here. we work two doors down from the place and needed a place to grab brunch before we start our day. the wide variety of drinks and breakfast options, all with organic ingredients made for a truly beautiful meal. the paris ham and gruyere croissant with the mustard trio was amazing. the veggies were so so fresh. our waiter was attentive and cheerful. it's a great cute place that is a great escape from the hustle and bustle of center city. 
i will definitely return.A very casual nice easy relaxed place right below the granary and a block away from my apt. Absolutely love this go to place. This is perfect for coffee, lunch or dinner. Their frittata this spring was the best frittata I have ever had. That being said,  I also like their breads, parfait and most things on their menu. Stop by for a lazy afternoon and feel goodIt's a chain restaurant and there's not much different I can say about it than any other one I visited across the country.
There were a few locations I have visited that were horrendous in terms of service. It was not the case here; my experience was good. 
Food was good, preparation and taste was same I had elsewhere.Love this little bakery! Pastries and drinks are delicious. Be sure to download their app as you get a free tartine when you download it as well as random little treats!I have been here a few times and I would have to say I am a fan.  Many reviews written for this location point out that it is expensive for what it is...  It's not a cheap/quick eatery.   Many of the dishes are prepared with organic ingredients; in my opinion it's reasonable to expect the cost to be higher than average.  (Two entrees, two teas, two desserts: $46+ Tip).  As a vegan I appreciate that there are several, clearly labeled, unique options in each category of the menu.  I am always pleased with the quality of the food and the straightforward presentation.  Service is somewhat less predictable (today, at times, my server seemed to disappear at critical moments... wanting more tea, for example).  I'm usually here for business meetings and not in a rush so I like that they don't hover over me, and it's a pleasant environment for conversation.From reading other review it is clear this place is hit or miss. I had a solidly "Meh" late lunch experience here. The space is cute and their two large communal tables definitely make good use of the space.  Once inside there was no clear signage about waiting to be seated so we added ourselves onto the end of what seemed to be the line. There was a commotion ahead of us with the manager helping to play musical chairs to make customers happy that delayed our seating. When we caught the eye of server who came over and we asked how long it might be for a table for 3 she said "you'll have to talk to the manager, I'M not allowed to seat people anymore." Uh, ok. Once seated the service by Tony was kind and efficient. Our food choices: Smoked salmon tartine, roast turkey sandwich and the Cobb salad.  Each plate was decent but nobody finished their food despite medium sized portions.  Their Cobb salad has a smoked dressing on it that overwhelm the rest of the flavors. Had it been easier to get a seat or less expensive it could be 3 stars.  I might be back but only to have cappuccino in a bowl because the food wasn't worth the published calories.Long story short: great food, but service is slow as molasses. 
We loved the fresh, organic options for breakfast. The bread basket was amazing and each of our meals were fantastic. I had the egg sandwich and it was perfect! Loved the decor and the atmosphere. 
Service on the other hand was incredibly slow. It took 20 minutes for me to get some water, even though everyone at my table had already received their coffees and juices. Being 6 months pregnant, I was feeling so dehydrated and sick and I even went up to the bar to ask for water (after waiting 10 minutes) and still nothing. 
Food took a bit to come out, which was no problem because we weren't in a rush, but trying to get our check and cash out was a nightmare. I think this place wouldve been 5 stars if they had more staff on for the shift.Le Pain Quotidien has a  rustic decor, reminiscent of a provincial village.  I came here for a cup of coffee with a girlfriend and we ended up sitting around for 3 hours chatting. We also shared a pistachio tart which seemed more like a pistachio loaf/bread to me.  It was tasty, but not incredible.  I really enjoyed the coffee we had, which was a cafe au lait.  It arrived in a cute little latte bowl. 
As we were leaving, we noticed many people coming in for dinner (as opposed to a coffee chat) and the food smelled and looked good. It is a 
little pricey, but nothing egregious. 
3.5 stars but the service was very good so ill round it up to 4. Service was unobtrusive but helpful.A nice place, delicious desserts, I would highly recommend the banoffee pie.  Our waitress, Tyshae, was super helpful and informative.  I would definitely go again!Ate here on a Saturday morning after the Rocky run so they were quite busy. So, the service was a bit slow, but the server was accommodating and apologetic. Ate the spinach and tomato omelet, which was great. Their coffee is strong and bold - just how I like it! Their food is fresh and innovative. I'd return for sure.I walked in to carry out some pastries. Ordered two and the woman behind the counter, who I believe was the manager, gave me a sour face. So, being a Georgia girl who tries to be pleasant, I upped my order to a 4 pastries and threw in an iced coffee. Then, when asking for a paper menu to take away, that too was met with a scowl. When she asked me if I wanted it bagged, well, yes, I do.  Jeez.  I found the gentleman who made my iced coffee to be friendly but really, I think I'll go to Telah's near me because they are nicer.Way overpriced.  Two of us had a croque monsieur (thin slice of ham, thin slice of cheese) -- basically grilled ham and cheese -- with a small underdressed salad, plus one iced coffee and one glass of water.  $31 for the 2 of us, which means (with tip) about $18 per person.  Rip-off.  Nice waitress, however.I've been coming here for the past couple of weekends for my afternoon coffee and snack while attending workshops at the yoga studio across the street. Must say, coffee is great, service is fast, and there's never a long wait (as opposed to a certain coffee shop on the corner that can't seem to get it together). 
Can't wait to stop in for brunch soon! :)Came up to Philly for the weekend and was excited to see Le Pain Quotidien.  I've had good experiences in NYC and DC area locations, however, the service in Philly proved to be disappointing.  We came in around 10:30 am on Friday when it was not busy.  They were out of a lot of items and our drinks took a while to arrive.  Also, our food sat up on the kitchen counter for 10 minutes before being delivered and we had to consistently seek out refills, the condiment tray. etc...  It wasn't worth it considering the prices.I have been here twice and while the portions are not huge, they do fill you up. The service was excellent and the staff friendly. I  love the blueberry muffins and the coffee is very good too.  I will certainly keep going and enjoying the nice atmosphere on a weekend morning.Having been to a couple different locations now and trying several different things from the menu, I have to express my love for LPQ. First of all, most things on the menu are organic and nothing will kill your diet (as long as you stay away from the pastries). 
The last time I went I had the chia seed pudding, which was absolutely phenomenal. Coconut milk, chia seeds, and raspberry compote may not sound like heaven, but I'm not joking when I say it is. In addition, I had the smoked salmon breakfast. That included two substantial pieces of delicious smoked salmon, a little dab of ricotta cheese, capers, two small slices of baguette, and a soft boiled egg. All together, it was a light meal (but filling), and I felt like a healthy rockstar. 
A side note: I can't recall seeing soft boiled eggs on the menu anywhere else in the United States, so it made me happy to pretend I was back in France eating them. (you should cut the top of the egg off and eat the rest out of the shell with a spoon if you want to eat like a true European!)Waited half an hour for our food before giving up. To say we were ignored is an understatement - the waitress actually left someone else's dirty dishes on our table while we sat there.This is my favorite lunch place when I stroll around center city.  It has the most healthy salads and quinoa bowls.  The environment is nice and relaxing.  I had the same waiter twice in a row, he explains the menu items patiently, I always have lots of questions.  He also taught me how to pronounce the name of the restaurant in French, too bad I forgot already.  I would definitely recommend this place to my friends.The veritable cafe/bakery lands in Philly. Good space, focused on conversation and food (not the usual posers spending all day on their notebooks and cellphones).
Coffee is respectable (not great) + order a small, cause the large coffee drinks are served in bowls - too huge! Pastries are good -- personal favorite is the pistachio tart. Sandwiches also fresh, good ingredients, and with a variety including smoked salmon, egg salad, fresh turkey and good veggies, it's a welcome change from the usual sandwich.If you've not yet tried Rittenhouse LPQ, then drop everything and stop in today! All LPQ fare is delicious and nutritious, but the welcoming, kind staff and lively city location make Rittenhouse LPQ my hands-down fave cafe in Philly.Stopped in for a late lunch at Le Pain Quotidien, my third visit. Despite the fact that it was about 3:00 , the service was unbelievably slow. The food was good, but the portions small relative to the ridiculous prices. There won't be a fourth visit.Tasty, organic food! I have tried many things on the menu. My favorites: Quiche Lorraine, Quinoa Cake, Salmon Omelette!! Their salads are phenomenal as well (Chicken Cobb & Tuscan Prosciutto Salad).
Very attentive and friendly staff! Just found out that it's BYOB. Definitely bringing my own bottle of wine since there's no corkage fee!I was in the area..so this was the spot we decided to go..since we parked near Market St. We decided , my brunch buddy to get Organic spinach salad @ 13.95 with goat cheese, walnuts , etc.., she got split pea soup, I got almond tart. We both got latte, & it came in a cup with NO holders. As our waiter brought it to us, look like soup or something. Didn't like the fact that it was small, scolding hot, we would be burning our hands, what if you were eating , something sticky or greasy , slipped, coffee everywhere???!! Yeah..I was Not feeling that at all. The bill was expensive, for 2 of us, $33.00 , salad, 2 latte ..not  certain this is my choice all the time..can get little pricey..but the salad was Good.Went here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the unique and varied menu. The rustic french atmosphere was quite charming and sophisticated. The food here is exquisite and exceptional, but a little on the pricier side.Worst service experience EVER.  Waited 70 minutes for my very simple breakfast on a Sunday afternoon.  Place was busy but not jammed so I failed to understand a reason for my experience.  Ordered a simple apple turnover to hold me over after I'd waited 20 minutes which never came.  Had to retrieve it for myself, as well as any condiments.  A horrendous experience.Worst service ever. I went in about six months ago to buy some bread and pastries. Two people were at the cash register talking to each other and didn't even look in my direction. I waited almost five minutes and then walked out.
This week, I decided to try again. This time there was NOBODY in the front. I saw few people behind the glass in the back. Finally, one of them walked in my direction. But, instead of approaching me, started rearranging some things on a shelf. He never looked to see if anyone was waiting to buy anything.
At that point, I said loudly, the service here really sucks and walked out the door.Superb omelette made with organic eggs. Kids loved the warm Belgium waffle. Fresh brewed coffee was delicious. Comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.Short story: NEVER coming back.
Long story: I used to really like this spot when they first opened. They used to be well staffed, food was good. However, over the years, the quality of both the staff and food has drastically changed. 
Today, I decided to have breakfast at Le Pain for the first time in a while. The tables were slightly dirty with crumbles and liquid. The server not attentive at all. He didn't offer me water or anything to drink. He came with a menu, it was wet. He immediately apologized then got me a new one. He continued to do other tasks until finally after almost 10-15 mins, I had to request if I could make an order. As I was waiting for my food, more patrons came in. I ordered the skillet baked eggs with salmon and dill on top. It took 20 mins for the food to come out. I saw my food sitting on the shelf for almost 10 mins before someone gave it to me. Even the girl that came 10 mins after me got her food before me and was already munching on it! The skillet eggs looked so sad when it came out. It looked like it was someone's first time attempting to cook. It was edible but definitely not worth $14. I also ordered a coconut milk latte, which my server later told me they ran out of coconut milk. Instead, I got almond milk. The latte was tasted like paper. On top of everything it took forever to get my check. But he took my cash right away. 
I have never been so disappointed with my experience at Le Pain until now. I'm never coming back.The blonde waiter lost a good customer this morning with his arrogant  lack of service.Awful soup and ridiculously overpriced !
I went in to grab some soup to go for lunch.  The chicken vegetable quinoa soup was highly recommended.  I ordered a small (according to the menu) and after the server rang it up it was $10 and change.  The server then said that the large is the only takeout size.  I reluctantly went for it.  The soup was awful.  Tasteless and bland and mushy.  And the size was the same as any (actually kind of small) to go cardboard container.  Never again.Needed a quick bite to eat on my way to work, so I ordered the Dragon fruit smoothie bowl and the chocolate croissant. The smoothie bowl was not very refreshing, and was weirdly lumpy from not being blended well. The bowl was disappointingly small; Whole Foods sells better smoothie bowls at a lower price. The croissant was missing that satisfying crunch that they should all have. Understandably, they probably come in bulk frozen and are baked in the store, so it will have some Starbucks croissant essence to it, but for 4.50, definitely not worth getting. You'll find better luck at the smaller cafes around the corner.I am sitting at the window in Le Pain Quotidien - Rittenhouse. I walked in and ordered coffee and asked for a menu. I was told to sit anywhere and someone would be with me shortly. I was here for 30 minutes, without a menu. I now have a menu and have been for nearly 45 minutes still without service. Usually, I would simply leave an spot with terrible service, but I have an appointment just across the street in a few minutes now. I'm curious as to how much longer before someone inquires as to service. Oh, and I'm pretty sure the almond milk is bad, I had a few chunks in my $8.00 coffee.Overall Experience: Nice place for a leisure breakfast/ brunch with enough seating. Usually not much of a wait.
Items ordered: Belgian Waffle, Bread Basket, Avocado and Tomato Omlette, Pot of Coffee
Ambience: European Bakery, cozy atmosphere
Breadth of Items: Good spread of delicious bakery items, pastries and bruch options.
Beverage Collection: Coffees, Teas, Smoothies, and Green JuicesI purchased two cafe lattes to go and a pain au chocolat. The lattes were made by an electronic machine, leading me to believe afore that they would be super-par (that being a bad thing, you see, in golf). Alas, my foresight proved all too correct for my own well-being and my lattes were lacking. Amiss, I cogitated that perchance the pain would be the equalizer. I would later find out that I would be wrong. Therefore, gentlefolk, I suggest you saunter down the highway a bit to the other cafe with the famed Belgian sugar waffles. I bid you ado.Thanks to the fine people at Le Pain Quotidien for opening its first location in Philly.  We deserve it.  Although I cannot pronounce their name right, and I'm probably butchering it every time I say it, I definitely like this place a lot.  I know that some might get sticker-shock when they take a look at the menu prices, but this NYC-import has ambiance and food quality (organic, healthy choices) that are hard to find anywhere else.
You might ask why a gluten-free person like myself would step inside this glutenous place, what with its bread baskets and delicious pastries teasing me.  I noticed that there are more GF choices here than there used to be - a quiche with GF buckwheat crust (veggie), plenty of salads with decadent cheeses and fun ingredients (I had the goat cheese salad with arugala, parm, pine nuts, lemon and olive oil...simply delicious).  Plus a nice selection of eggs and omelettes for breakfast.  My friend had their version of tuna salad, which had absolutely no mayo but he loved it (it's a dainty looking open-face sandwich with cucumber and radish slices).  Also had a hot cider that made my day after how cold it has been.  My friend Andrew had mint tea, which came with mint leaves in it - very very pretty and tasty!
From fruit/yogurt parfaits to bread to salads and coffee drinks, everything that comes out of this place looks beautifully made and presented that way.  Love the natural wood tables and chairs, and I especially love the communal tables.  
Stay tuned for more locations to come!  There are 28 in NYC and I'm sure this is the first of many in PHL.Love LPQ! Always has the cutest pastries and their food is surprisingly delicious! They've also got a great rewards program with lots of little freebies every now and thenApricot crumble is incredible. That and a very tasty iced skim mochacchino and you have a great $10(!!) breakfast.Great breakfast spot!
Where else can you get a $15 breakfast 'tartine' reminiscent of leftover pizza and a cup of coffee served in a cereal bowl delivered as slowly as possible?I was looking for a good place to get a loaf while visiting the city and ended up here. I hadn't heard of it before but the beautiful baguettes drew me in. The crust is done right and the crumb is beautiful. Their high quality bread was cheaper than I expected at around $3 for a baguette.  If you want real bread I suggest them.So the egg salad tartine was an egg salad sandwich with all of the accompaniments on the side cut into wedges that didn't fit between the bread and anchovies that were quite possibly from a can. And the mint lemonade was so tart that you couldn't taste the mint, even when it made the drink turn green. 
Total faux-france experience. Boo.
Please see my pics for references.I am a huge fan of the NYC locations, so I was excited to see it come to Walnut Street. The organic coffee was delish, and to have the option of agave as a sweetener was a huge plus. The chai tea was so so, needed some sugar. I had a bowl of the vegetarian split pea soup, which was tasty and kind of bland, but I like bland. I do not use salt at all. I think they leave it up to you to add your own salt, pepper, etc. 
Next time I will try a tartine or come for breakfast and try the porridge or an omelette. 
A very pleasant dining experience, and the decor, location and friendly service makes you forget that you are in Philly. Well, made me forget I was...The two words that sums this place up... Pretentious and Overpriced. Came here for a work related meeting and it is very nice in appearance and suited the occasion however this isn't a place I would likely frequent. I only purchased a bottle of water and for $2.50 received a cheap brand that easy would have cost 50 cents from your local supermarket. One plus is our waitstaff was extremely polite.For a chain, this place is a gem. Nice atmosphere, great food and pastry and very reasonable. Glad I finally discovered it.To have this kind of place close to where I work is both a blessing and a curse.
The good part is the fresh ingredients and wonderful menu.  Have loved the salads,  the gazpacho (heaven) and the 6 veggie tart.   Iced coffee is lovely and cold brewed.  Service is impeccable.
The "curse" is the dent my wallet will feel if I venture here too often !   Slightly pricey for what I could do on a regular basis !
I will be back however !!!Great food and great service. Place is really nice for a healthy brunch or even to sit down and get some work done. Staff is attentive and always helpful. Their baked items are fresh and always delicious. They have free wifi so you can get some work done!!Good breakfast selection and preparation and I appreciate lots of veggie options but honestly the service is lacking every single time I'm there and their coffee always sucks...Great ham and gruyère croissant , great vibes , outdoor seating , acai is solid too which great bc not many acai options in PhillyWould have never guessed this was a chain, which someone told me.  It's a great coffee/tea/bread/pastry shop in the Fairmount neighborhood. It's very rustic on the inside and has a very warm feel.  Great place to get a cup of your favorite hot beverage (including hot cider) and read a book or meet up with an old friend.You will wait FOREVER to even give your order. Then wait another lifetime for a glass of water!  I can't even talk about the food because I'm STILL WAITING  for just my water.Tip: if you want a very good espresso drink, and the line is ridonculous at the corner starbucks, come here: and grab a pan au raisins while you're at it. I speak from experience (I work around the corner).My only complaint is that there isn't one closer to home. Or perhaps I should be grateful because my clothes wouldn't fit! Great place. Good food, great service.I haven't been to this place yet - giving it 3 stars because of that, but have misgivings from the pretentious wording in the menu. 
For one: wild capers? who cares if they're wild or farmed? Such a precious thing to attempt to enhance a menu. Shame on the person(s) who agreed on this.
For two: This might seem REALLY picky, but the "warm belgian waffle" is bemusing. Perhaps people are looking for cold ones? they felt the need to specify that their waffles are warm. How about that.Way overpriced.  Staff is not trained properly.  And the quiche I ordered was overcooked and way too dense.  Not good.  Oh- and they have no bacon.  Really?I have passed by the location on walnut several times and have never actually gotten anything. I ended up at this location because the neighboring starbucks was tiny, packed and had no seats - well boy am I glad! This place was amazing! They serve food, drinks, and pastries. It was empty when we arrived except for two ladies who were finishing up. If you want to eat inside I believe you get waited on regardless of what you're buying. I just ordered a vanilla latte, a gluten free double chocolate cookie - which was HEAVENLY ! My brother ordered a croissant. Our waitress was so unbelievably nice and courteous and helpful. She gave us plenty of time and didn't make us feel rushed at all. My latte was good but the Star was the cookie- it was fudge and sweet and even though you can't break it it was super soft - chewy in a good way. My brother's croissant sounded perfect A that nice flaky pull apart. The latte was good but definitely could have benefited from more vanilla, especially since it was an extra charge. The entire place is very rustic French countryside - I love their large communal table and all of the hardware inside the restaurant. They also had a basket of postcards on the table, I'm not sure if that's something they do all year or just during Christmas, but they mail them for free and whoever gets the postcard can redeem it for a treat! I cannot wait to go back here and maybe try their food next time, their menu looked really good and I loved all the healthier options especially if you have many diet restrictions/preferences!Obsessed with their spreads! They also have great healthy options which is a nice change of pace from other breakfast places.The worst service I've ever experienced.  My server ignored me for a half hour.  The food was bland and overpriced.   It's just too bad Lox Stock is gone because that place actually had good food, good service, and low prices.  This place needs to go so an actual good restaurant can take its place.
Save your money and go somewhere that appreciates your patronage and makes good food.Truly terrible service.  The food is ok, but not worth the price.  I came in once when they were crowded because it was the only breakfast place open.  I would have rather just bought something at the local convenience store.  My server came by twice in about 20 minutes.  Once to drop off my menu and the other to refill my water.  After being ignored for 20 minutes, I got up and left.
I came in a second time when they were nearly empty, thinking that with less of a crowd, they might have decent service.  Despite having almost no other customers, it took 10 minutes just to get my water refilled.  The manager was keeping my server busy with back of the house tasks instead of letting her take care of her tables.  The food was ok, but it was nothing special.  Sorry, but a little smoked salmon, arugula, rubbery eggs, and some bland dressing does not command these high prices. The server was nice, but the manager did everything she could to make sure the service was slow.  
If the service was good and the prices were reasonable, this would be... average.  Seriously, I don't get why anyone still goes here. High prices, average food, TERRIBLE service.  Never again.This place is cute! Very cozy. Sucks that I am always on the go. I get coffee and pastries from here all the time.
Coffee is strong. Condiments are on the side bar. Chocolate Chip Walnut cookies here are amazing. Crispy, light and slightly sweet. The best. I have had other pastries here and it was ok.
I will have to wake-up earlier and have a sit down breakfast here to enjoy the view and morning sun. This is a great additional business to the Fairmount, Art Museum area.Nice staff, quiet place and pretty decent food. Never went wrong in there. Family friendly also have a diaper changer in the restroom. Good place to go with little babies.I had a grilled chicken mozzarella sandwitch. It tastes healthy. My server was pretty kind.Not a fan of Le Pain Quotidien. I had come once before and enjoyed one of their speciality avocado toasts and bakery items. Very good. Service is somewhat awkward. Today I had a very unusual experience. I tried the Warm Waffle Chocolate. I thought it would be a nice chocolate waffle. No. It was the smallest waffle I had ever seen with whipped cream on top and chocolate syrup on the side that I swear was from a Hershey syrup bottle. It was $6. The size of a 1/4 of a typical sized waffle! THEN I go to look at the bakery items and find the waffle I had just 10 min earlier in a wrapper at the counter. Are you kidding me? You put a packaged 1/4 waffle on my plate with hersheys chocolate syrup for 6 dollars? Ridiculous.A bit expensive but great experience and quality of food. And there's calorie counts on the menu for those dieting/counting!!I am so thrilled this restaurant is here! I have had such positive experiences here I felt the need to share. I love sipping my delicious cappuccino out of the extra large coffee cups. The past few times I have been there I am greeted by a male manager who is always dressed very professional. It's so refreshing to walk into a place & be able to recognize who the manger is by his professionalism. I normally order the ham & cheese croissant which is delicious but when I was undecided & expressed that I wanted something lighter he recommended the chia seed pudding & he was right on! This place has made my early mornings at work much easier & something to look forward to. I sit outside sipping my cappuccino and enjoy the warm smile & small conversation from the manager (I don't remember his name) and the server whose name I believe is Christine?......Looks like I will be a regular here at this place!Although I'm giving 3 stars, I'm probably not coming back here again. 
I came in a group of 5. I got the Paris Croissant brunch. All of us got some salads. Reviews shows $$ marks. We expect to pay only about $40-$50. We end up paying $100!!! Don't get me wrong, the food is very healthy, filling and pretty okay. 
However, paying this much money makes it hard for me and my group to take the effort to be healthy and eat salads. I convinced them to eat here instead of Dim Sum, and I slightly regret it. 
Overall, the food is a 7/10 for me. 
Drinks are very okay. The mint organic lemonade is $4, and it tastes pretty earthy and good. But the watermelon cooler is watered down and lack flavor. 
Not saying I hate the place, I would go back if my friend wants to go there. But I wouldn't go on my own.For starters I love the diversity and thoughtfulness of the menu. My friend and I literally took 15 minutes reading through all of the different items to choose from. The server was very friendly and we were able to sit outside and enjoy brunch on this beautiful Sunday. 
After a lot of questions we decided on the FRESH MOZZARELLA salad w/
shaved vegetables, apple, almonds, Parmesan, wild arugula and organic extra virgin olive oil and I added chicken and the farmhouse chicken salads hitch was today's special  ... Both were delicious!
I can't wait to return and try one of the famous tartines.This was the second time we ate here. We're not from around here, just visiting. But if I was from around here, I would probably come here often.
The food was very fresh with good ingredients, well prepared. I had the Egg Skillet with Avocado. It was a bit smaller than I expected and its fried eggs not a scramble, but it tasted good. Its not large, so not the best choice if you are hungry. I had an extra large Cappuccino that was really good with a Croissant. 
Sue had the Scrambled Eggs with Salad and bacon. Also had the SuperSeed gluten free toasted bread which was amazing!
I would say that their bakery items are what is really special.
Not sure why people complain about the service. The people were very nice, but I would say this is a place to have a "slow meal".
Would go again the next time I am in the area.I stopped in for a cup of coffee. The menu offers a "pot of coffee" for $3.50.  There is no indication of the ounces of the "pot".  The pot arrived with a bowl, not a cup nor a mug. The bowl was intended for drinking the coffee.  The pot did not hold much more than the take out cup of coffee and the bowl for drinking will keep me walking over to Sabrina's for my java.Very friendly and attentive staff.
They got perfectly with the simplicity of the place.
It's clean, nicely set up and lot of different option (single table, large communal table for group, window counter)
I had a tasty Croque Monsieur. Nice melted cheese on a generous serving of ham between 2 toasted piece of bread.
 I will try the quinoa cake next time when I will visit the city,Cool atmosphere. Zucchini Noodle Pad Thai Salad was good. Roasted Turkey and Avocado open face was very good. Lots of jams to try on their breads.This place is great for people who want a quick meal. Great food, mediocre service, and great environment. Yes the price does need to be toned down but it's downtown Philadelphia, everything is expensive. Everything here is fresh, organic, and clean. 
Whenever I'm talking to an employee there, they look at another direction. When I was talking to the manager or owner? She was looking at different direction never looking towards the customer. Even when I asked for check she didn't smile. When she took away my plate she didn't smile. I smiled back but did no effect. Overall 3 stars out of 5.Really fancy coffee shop. I stopped in for a meeting and ordered a coffee. They sat me down, and brought me a glass pot of coffee, milk, and a cup. The coffee was fresh, bold and very flavorful. The atmosphere was really cool with high ceilings and decorations.  I am interested in coming back and perhaps trying some pastries too that looked delicious.Finally. A decent brioche & croissant in my own neighborhood. It's not, like, 7th arrondissement corner bakery in Paris good, but nothing is. So enjoy the best pain au chocolate in the area.Ordered omelette. Arugula salad had spoiled greens. Bread was stale. Cafe au lait was tastelessReally cute place with delicious food. Wait staff were super friendly and atmosphere was perfect for brunch.I meant to write this a while ago. So I have lived near here for years but never gone in. I lived in Paris for a semester and I've returned twice, and can't get over how much better-tasting and fresher and generally more delicious all the food I had there was. So. I didn't have high hopes for a chain like this. It won't be remotely similar to real French food, I thought.
Wrong.
Oh my God. I was just astounded. I had a quiche Lorraine, I believe, which was JUST like the ones my host mom had, and a sizeable portion, and it came with a side salad..this was not an American side salad, with onions, cucumbers, tomatoes, croutons. It was, like the salads I had in France, mostly lettuce but really good lettuce. And more importantly, the dressing.. It was the best salad dressing I ever had in my life. I ended up eating every little piece of the lettuce just to get that amazing dressing. I ended up contacting LPQ to get the recipe. They sorta gave it to me tho I think they left out the amount of each ingredients, but at least I have the ingredients.. Anyway. I will be returning solely for this salad dressing. It's sort of mustardy, sort of vinaigrettey, I really couldn't explain it, it's just incredible.
So, I didn't try the whole menu or anything.. But I was so blown away by the authenticity and tastiness of what I had, I am confident everything there is awesome.Cute little breakfast place within walking distance of my apartment. I was surprised it was so empty on a Sunday morning. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and my mom ordered the Belgium waffle bites and both were delicious. Service was quick and attentive. I'll definitely come back to both eat and studyI went there and i waited until they gave me menu ,
Nobody give the menu in spite of the eye contacted.  Even they gave menu people who came in after me. 
I stayed there for a minute and i asked the staff
But she didn't care about that 
So i came out 
I drank a good coffee other place before 
But i don't want to go againI hate to do this, to any bakery with a semi-solid reputation but I have to. Our apricot tart dessert had a center that was completely caked in green mold. We ate the tart the same evening that it was purchased and ended up consuming about 20% of it (eating and watching TV in the dark) before realizing that it was spoiled. Upon returning it the following morning we spoke with the female manager who agreed that it looked like the tart had been out for a month and she apologized for it and refunded the money. They also sent us a small gift certificate which was nice. Will try some of the other pastries again.I took my mom here for mothers day after the Komen 5K Breast Cancer walk & it was great!! The food was unique and perfect sizes for us and service was amazing! I don't remember our waitresses name but she had glasses and was working the patio area.  She was very friendly, attentive and easy going.  We had the Avocado toast, Belgian waffle, Veggie quiche, finishing off with a chocolate cake.  I overall loved my experience at this LPQ.  I've eaten at one in Mumbai, India too and service was superb there as well! If you are a person that likes over-sized portions (aka most places) then this isn't for you.  If you like fresh, healthy, tasty food with great service then I would suggest this place!
They also gave my mom a tulip and a bag of baked goodies to take home especially for Mother's day!This is a review primarily based on the service and value. I have been here twice, both times just purchasing a "pot" of coffee for myself (yes I know I'm an addict what can I say) but the pot was obnoxiously small, probably 16 oz. but had free refills. The first time I went, my waitress seemed to disappear and my pot had been empty for quite some time. When I went to the counter to pay, I was notified to wait for the check to come to the table. Finally, my waitress appeared with the check and I was stuck with a bill of almost 5 dollars for 16oz of plain coffee. The second time I went, I had my pot refilled promptly but when I made it apparent that I was finished, it took 20 minutes for the waiter to get me my check. I must say though, after seeing the food being carried out and how wonderful it looked, I may come back for a third tryLe Pain Quotidien has the best menu in theory - great ingredients, seasonal dishes, organic, vegetarian, vegan options, and literally everything sounds mouth-watering. The problem is the execution! 
Last night we got a cobb salad at this location, along with the Prosciutto and White Bean salad. I had the white bean salad previously and it was amazing before. This time, it had barely any flavor at all. The bread came out without any olive oil or butter. And then, the egg in the cobb salad was so overcooked it was GREEN. The service was also lackluster and at one point, I kid you not, we were the only customers in the whole place. I felt kind of silly spending something like $14 on my salad. I want to try this again, but there are just so many better options.
The pros are that it's BYOB and has outdoor seating.  Anoter good thing about ths place is that you always feel good after your light, but filling meal. But I can have that feeling at home, too!Attracted by the décor, I unexpectedly decided to get dessert after dinner as I was walking by. I got the chocolate pecan pie, the coconut macaroon, and the carrot cake, and every single item was delicious. I am definitely a savory over sweet person, and this place has me looking forward to my next dessert there. Next time, I hope to sit and enjoy the rustic ambiance.
To boot, I was given the carrot cake for free because the new item was not yet in the system. Even if it weren't for all the aforementioned reasons, I would've returned just for the service.Had this in NYC and was surprised to find it here. Food was delicious and service was pretty good. Even though they were short staffed and had a lot of people, the service was still up to par. Great location as it's close to hotels in Logan square.The worst service I've ever experienced.  My server ignored me for a half hour.  The food was bland and overpriced.  I guess they figured if you put some trendy sounding ingredients, you can charge whatever you want.  It's just too bad Lox Stock is gone because that place actually had good food, good service, and low prices.  This place needs to go so an actual good restaurant can take its place.
Save your money and go somewhere that appreciates your patronage and makes good food.It's a wonderful Organic cafe. They offer you the fantastic Organic foods and whole wheat bread is my favorite. Btw, it's a good choice to spread your time for brunch or hi-tea.This location is a slice of Life. It's remote from the busy city life but still close enough to have the city vibe. There is some traffic and some honking but overall, it's a nice place to relax and chill from the outdoor or indoor seating. I had the Expresso and pain au raisin. The food was a good blend and distinction between sweet and coffee taste. It is a little pricey for the food but the drinks are fairly reasonable. The atmosphere is very open and cozy. 
You can order some food or dessert with your choice of caffienated beverage. Then catch up with your friends and family. The servers are fairly attentive if you are dining in or you can study here. It's a nice change of pace from the normal Starbucks vibe.If you are going to the Barnes Foundation Museum go on early and get street parking and then have breakfast here. The summer special sweet pea toast was unusual but delicious...crispy relish and good spices with a bit of feta. I also tried the fig banana muffin which was moist with just enough figs.This place looks nice at the first sight, after walking in, there are open seats filled with plates and table is not clean, sit there for a good fifteen minutes for a person to come clean up the table. Took them forever to bring in the menu and we get up and left without ordering anything.My boyfriend and I stopped by Le Pain Quotidien for a late lunch, and I was immediately pleasantly surprised by how cute/airy the cafe was. It's a large, bright space with chalkboard menus and stacks of pastries at the counter. However, while I've heard that the baked goods and tea are quite good, I can only speak to the sit-down menu and the service I received there.
I ordered the ham and Gruyere omelette and my boyfriend ordered the smoked salmon tartine. I thought the prices were definitely high for the quality of food received - I found my omelette bland and packed with scallions. For the dish my boyfriend received, I expected there to be more food for the $15 cost as well. The service was also quite spotty - we didn't receive our waters until around 20 minutes after we'd sat down.
TLDR, while I get that my boyfriend and I stopped by very late for a lunch service - around 3:30 PM - I wish that the food and service quality had been better.After an extremely pleasant experience here three weeks ago, we were sorely disappointed by the blatant lack of respect from the wait staff. We were a group of about six seventeen-year-olds going out for brunch on a Sunday morning. We were seated at a table which was still dirty from the previous group's meal and we were not given cutlery until we asked. The restaurant was ridiculously crowded and painfully understaffed. After waiting 40 minutes to receive our beverages and another hour for our food, we realized that parties which had arrived after us had already received and finished their meals. Since we were a large group, our waitress refused to give us separate checks. Rather, she gave us one check and made it our responsibility to divide it among ourselves. This was rather difficult and frustrating considering some of us wanted to pay with cash and others with a card. We tried to be very clear about how we were paying but our waitress did not understand and made a rude comment. Although the food was delicious, we had a hard time enjoying the overall experience. We feel that we were given less attention from the wait staff and taken advantage of simply due our age.For starters I love the diversity and thoughtfulness of the menu. My friend and I literally took 15 minutes reading through all of the different items to choose from. The server was very friendly and we were able to sit outside and enjoy brunch on this beautiful Sunday. 
After a lot of questions we decided on the FRESH MOZZARELLA salad w/
shaved vegetables, apple, almonds, Parmesan, wild arugula and organic extra virgin olive oil and I added chicken and the farmhouse chicken salad which was today's special  ... Both were delicious!
I can't wait to return and try one of the famous tartines.I think I have an emotional connection with Le Pain Quotidien because my husband and I had breakfast in this restaurant in DC... but the last couple of times it has been disappointing and expensive. 
We went at 10 am and they didn't have pancakes (!?)... I had the skillet eggs and they were nothing special... everyone in our party left with a feeing like we could have had a better breakfast somewhere else :(We've been here a few times. The coffee and hot chocolate are really good. We love the brioche and croissants. However... the lunch is sub par for the high prices. I had the smoked salmon tartine. Meh. My grown son had the little pancakes- barely enough for a toddler, and nothing special. I don't rate restaurants on food quantity- I don't expect large portions, but this was ridiculous. I agree with the other reviewers that the staff is mediocre. And yesterday we hoped to get the chocolate croissants to go but they were out. Get your coffee or tea here if you are headed to the Barnes but otherwise skip the food.Stopped in here for brunch post-yoga so I was starving! We walked into what looked like a busy scene. It was obvious that the staff was overwhelmed with the number of patrons already present in the restaurant. There is table service at this place, but you've got to find a seat. There were a few tables open, but they hadn't been cleared... remember when I said they were busy. It took a while to find someone to help clear the table and then even longer to just get a menu to order. Once we ordered, I opted for the smoked salmon and scallions omelette. My omelette was cooked very well, but I thought the incorporation of the salmon was strange (literally someone had placed it on top of the omelette). Nevertheless, it was tasty and I enjoyed it! Portion size was great for post-workout and it came with two pieces of bread that were good. Honestly, I just wasn't sure about the prices here. I know this place is a chain, but I can't say that the food warranted the $15 price tag on my omelette. It just seemed out of line with all the other great breakfast options in the area. Could be a fun option to go and study at if you like distractions whilst you work but I'm not so sure that I'll be back with my budget.