So everyone was getting the salmon, but I went with the pad thai because its a good barometer.  It was pretty delicious.  The chicken gets added in to the noodles, and then bean sprouts, peanuts, cilantro, and a lime wedge.  I could have used some more noodles and less bean sprouts, but the chicken was moist, and the noodles had a well developed flavor.  By the time I got back to the office it was on the cold side, but still tasty.  I'll definitely be back to try the salmon.This review is only for the salmon curry. We all know that's why people line up here. Rice, broccoli, huge piece of salmon, all covered in the curry sauce. Always get extra sauce.   Best bang for your buck at reading terminal marketThe salmon curry was delicious... The portions you get and more than enough. Don't let the long long chase you away...I've been frequenting this favorite stop on my lunch rotation for about 7 years now.
Two words: Salmon Curry. I always ask for mine with extra broccoli, no rice. I've never been disappointed in that order. I always get an order of the Chicken Spring Rolls to go with it.
The Pad Thai is just OK. The shrimp they use are of low quality...tail-on, pre-cooked, which have NOT been de-veined. A pet peave of mine. Usually they taste like iodine, so I steer clear. The chicken option is nothing special. I stay away. So i suggest the Vegetable Pad Thai as the best of the three options. The other dishes are not my thing. But I've tried them all. And I'm still a frequent customer.
The owners are great people. Trust me on that. They know how to treat a repeat customer who is otherwise a complete stranger.The reviews are pretty spot on.
Yes the lines are long.
Yes the guy may seem rude, but he was preparing like 20 dishes, probably doesn't know a lot of english.
And yes, the red curry salmon was fucking delicious.  Worth the wait. and it was fairly cheap.  Good size portion for the price.  
I also had the thai chicken and coconut soup, it wasn't bad, and the chicken spring rolls, they were pretty big rolls and they were pretty good too.
Pretty solid place for lunch.Everyone recommends its salmon curry and I decided to try today. It turned out to be disappointed to me. 20% of the rice was raw and the salmon was dry. The curry sauce was appetitive but I wouldn't go again*******Please note that this review is based only on the Pad Thai*******
So, I went to this place for lunch after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. When I got to the place, the long snaking line seemed to justify the reviews
I was really craving some Pad Thai and ordered the Vegetable Pad Thai (I'm not vegetarian but I didn't feel like eating meat on that day). First impression - the Pad Thai was red in color - unlike any Pad Thai that I've had before but well, it wouldn't matter as long as it tasted good. It was pretty cheap ($5+taxes) for Thai food
When I did start eating though, the Pad Thai had a strong sea food smell (fish/shrimp) smell on it although I ordered the vegetable Pad Thai. It didn't bother me, but for someone who is a staunch vegetarian, this could be a deal breaker. It tasted devoid of any thai flavor. The vegetable pieces were few and far in between, there was very little peanut and I could hardly taste the peanut sauce in it
Add to this, there were pieces of various meat - I found pieces of chicken, shrimp and pork. Again, I just threw them aside and continued eating, but for someone who is a strict vegetarian, this will definitely be a deal breaker
I could finish only about three quarters and threw the rest. I might go there again and order the Red Curry or the Salmon that people love so much, but I'm NEVER ordering the Pad Thai from here againYou will always find a long line at this place, and that is because it is probably the best and cheapest vendor in the whole Reading Terminal Market. Everyone I know loves this place, including me. The Chicken Red Curry is unbelievably good and only costs $6. The Salmon is fantastic. It's probably the most popular dish they serve. The chicken spring rolls are great and cheap. The coconut chicken (or shrimp) soup is so sweet and tasty. You can't go wrong at the Little Thai Market.I ordered the salmon curry, it wasn't anything special; just a big chunk of salmon over rice. The salmon tasted like it was microwaved before grilling it. This place had a long line so I thought it would be good but it was a serious disappointment. If you guys think this is good, then you haven't had any authentic thai food. Just saying...Still the best bang for the buck THAI food in the entire city.
Salmon
Curry
Tom Kha that ROCKS.
Love it!!!
And still lovin' it years later and after trying lots of Thai places in Philly. (And elsewhere)There food is great, I wish that the workers had customer service skills.TLDR: Great Thai food at Reading for the low low.
I'm sure if you've never been to Reading, you're going to want some roast pork sandwiches, Philly cheesesteaks, pretzels, donuts, and more. But before you stuff yourself with all of that other food, don't sleep on Little Thai Market. They've got some good Thai food and they've got it for cheap. I used to work at a Thai restaurant and the prices here are almost half of what the restaurant used to charge. You almost have to feel bad paying so little for such great food.
Thai cuisine is definitely all about the aromatics and flavors. When you're standing in line here, and there most likely will be a line, you can smell the goodness coming out of the kitchen. 
Everything on the menu looks and sounds amazing, but I would go with:
- Chicken Lemongrass soup ($2)
- Chicken Red Curry ($6)
For the amount of money you pay, the portions are pretty generous. The curry has the right amount of spice and the chicken is very tender. 
Also, if you spend ten or more bucks here, they will validate your parking ticket to get your a discounted rate at the parking garage.Definitely affordable, with all dishes ranging from $6-8, with soups/ sides well under this price. The dishes are all pre- made, so you are not getting your own "batch". The food is good but you are getting what you pay for.
I got the Spicy shrimp with bamboo shoots, but I think I will try a curry if I head back. People ahead of me/ behind me ordered curry and it looked great.I never get tired of eating here...I always want to try something different but this place hands down has the best salmon curry EVER! Amazeballs!The shrimp pad thai is good.
The salmon curry is good.
The duck with pineapple on rice is good.
The chicken spring rolls are good.
The chicken kabob thing is good.
The line, after 12:30, not so good.
But the wait is definitely worth it.
So what if they nuke it?
For under $10 i'm not expecting AnthonyBourdain type service.I will give this place 4 stars because the food is very good.   The only reason I don't give it 5 is because I was looking for a place with very authentic Thai food.  Having lived in Thailand for 7 years I really crave the foods I used to get at all the little markets.   Fancy places rarely have these dishes, and I was hopeful that this place might.  In the end, it's what I'd call 'americanized thai food', but it is very tasty and well priced.we just bought from them and when we opened the bag to pull the food out everything smelled like bleach, bleach, bleach...yes BLEACH!
their utensils smelled like bleach, the bag smelled like bleach...
wtf are they doing there? i hope i won't die after eating this.4 stars because I have only had the pad thai (many years ago) and the Salmon Red Curry (recently). The pad thai was underwhelming but the salmon knocks it out of the park. A friend introduced it to me a few weeks ago and I haven't looked back since. What's not to love about a well made red curry and some tasty grilled salmon? The price is just over $8 which isnt awful for the portion size, if I had better self control I could probably get two meals out of this! I think the trick is to get extra red curry (an extra 50cents) as it is so tasty and well made you just can't have enough. I like my curry and rice on the soupier side though but I see a lot of people suggested the same thing. The line gets long early (today we went by 11:30 and the line was already about 7-8 people long which isn't awful but the one guy had 7 orders.
Side note - they take cards now! not sure about a minimum limit though.I have been to this restaurant many many times, and I always get the salmon and rice because it is sooooooo good. I  would like to try something else but I just can't go there and not buy the salmon & rice. So if you are ready for.some good food go to the Little Thia Market in the Reading Terminal and give yourself a treat.This place isn't fancy, the staff isn't particularly friendly, I think it's cash only, they charge you "extra" for additional sauce and looming above is an unfriendly "no refunds" sign, but the food is delicious and cheap.  Can't go wrong with that.  
My favorites:  Tom Ka ($2 for HUGE portions!!!!), Pad Thai, Basil Chicken, Salmon Red Curry, Yellow Curry, Red Curry Chicken, Papaya Salad.  Everything is good.  
Overall, a fantastic value for your money.  The meat/seafood portions are fabulous.I finally have visited this place for the first time and I'm absolutely hooked!
I got the Salmon curry, while my bf had some sort of Yellow chicken curry and both were an explosion of flavor on your mouth.
The portions were huge, the flavors were on point, and you just can't beat the price. I will be coming here every time I'm in the area. 
This is amazing and worth trying out!Okay so when I was pregnant back in 2015 my brother used to get me the salmon and rice from here and I thought it was so good. However, recently!, one of my girls got me the same thing but it had like coconut milk in the rice and it was so gooood! Now that I'm thinking back to 2015... my brother prob told them to 86 the coconut milk because I was gaining a lot of weight and he was tryna help me eat "healthier". Hmph. I cant believe he didnt even mention it.. like hey maybe you can try it next time. Well now I know that it's an option, cant wait to have it again!!!!Probably the most delicious salmon that has ever entered my mouth. The salmon with red curry sauce is amazing, and you cannot beat the price for the portion size! The line can sometimes be a little slow, but it is worth it.I always get lost trying to find this place every time I'm in the Reading Terminal Market. When I'm in the mood for fast, cheap, and delicious Thai food, this is the place for me.
I've tried their Red Curry Salmon, Chicken Basil, and Shrimp Pad Thai and they were all wonderful. My usual is their Chicken Basil. What I love about this place is that their food is always consistent, service is friendly, and best of all... it's cheap! :).Perhaps there isn't any great Thai food in Center City? I don't get all the rave reviews for this place calling it the best Thai in the city. I have ordered the salmon curry twice and it is in no way authentic Thai food. The portion of food is plentiful, especially the large piece of Salmon, but the rice is terrible, mushy, not properly cooked and doesn't even taste like it's jasmine rice. The dish just tastes like grilled salmon over bleh rice with some flavored sauce, not like an actual red curry dish. The server only dished some sauce over the dish, not adding any of the leaves floating around in it. And why is red curry sauce an off white color?? I had high hopes for this place, they were quickly dashed.Little Thai Market is cheap, fast, and tasty. My friends and I used to go every Saturday for a hangover cure. For 3 bucks you can get a huge side of rice with curry sauce and a coke. The salmon is good, as well as the coconut shrimp soup and the spring rolls. The guy that works the register is really nice and remembers your order after you show up enough times.I've been coming here for many years! At first it seemed to be my little secret Thai place. I would get their spring rolls and bamboo curry dishes. One day my Fiance came with me him being Laos saw some type of secret menu.. .something that wasnt in the buffet. Salmon over rice with a red curry coconut base poured over it. That was the start to something wonderful! Now the secret is out and people from all over the city come just for that Salmon :-( somedays they run out on me. Its a great dish that some people add shrimp to (I dont know why)I kinda wished it would have stayed my little secret (hehehe) oh I also love the small little Market with all types of Thai groceries you can buy to concoct ur own Thai dishes!!Who cares if the line is wrapped around their stand? It's worth the wait. The food is all pre-made so there is a really quick turn around anyway. Solid, consistent thai food. I think the most expensive thing on the menu is $6 (Salmon w/ red curry sauce..a-mazing). Worth looking out for when going to reading terminal.The line was about a 15 minute wait, wrapped around the counter, but that's to be expected during lunch time. The line moved fast enough. The cashier was nice. 
I tried the Chicken Coconut Soup and the Vegetarian Pad Thai. The soup was awesome, tasted like other coconut soups I've had at great Thai places around the city. Very flavorful, not too much chewy on the chicken, lots of chives and cilantro, bay leaves and a few mushrooms. A great deal for $2.25/ pint. The Veggie Pad Thai, though, woof. Didn't even taste like Pad Thai. The noodles were really thin and mushy. And pink!? There were 2 quarter size pieces of tofu in the whole dish and it was mostly huge chunks of tasteless vegetables, including their huge stalks, and half the dish was bean sprouts. There was barely any flavor at all. I would not recommend. There are too many good Thai places around the corner from this one. No, they probably don't sell their Pad Thai for $5.50, but it may be worth the few extra bucks.
The soup saved me from swearing this place off forever... I would go back, but I would try that salmon everybody is talking about.Stopped by here because I wanted Thai food. There were 2 vegetarian options: pad Thai and red curry each for $6. Red curry was very flavorful and tasty. For the price and quantity can't beat it. Red curry had broccoli, corn eggplant, peppers, onions, and way too many bamboo shoots. I wish it had come with tofu as well. Also cash only.So, my coworker told me about this place so, of course, I had to try it. First, I stopped by on a Sunday only to discover they were closed! I tried again the following Saturday. When I got there the line was very long. I ordered Curry Salmon with shrimp. Waited in line for about 10-15 minutes but it was well worth it. Not a bad price either. It was a little over $10 for my lunch. 
The salmon was grilled and laid on top of white rice and broccoli. Then they add raw shrimp and ladle curry sauce over everything! Absolutely delicious and worth the wait in line and I'm not even mad they were closed went I went on Sunday!
If you're near Reading Terminal Market in Philly you gotta stop by and try this place!!!I cannot stand the guy who is often at the cash register. He is rude as one can possibly be. I used to enjoy their salmon curry but because of the horrible customer service, I rather spend my money else where. I can't condone bad business practices. Thank you but no thank you.Sigh. You can learn exactly one thing from all the positive reviews here: Philadelphia has lousy Thai food.
Little Thai is okay. That's it. Not even really good. The Chicken Basil was so ridiculously greasy it was embarrassing. You know, a chicken doesn't have that much grease in it, so where'd the grease come from? Beats me. It left my bowl coated with bright orange fat. Taste was okay, but i've had way better.
The chicken yellow curry was far too sweet and tasted mostly of cinnamon.
If you're in the neighborhood and money is an object, drop in. Portions are large. Prices are great. Remember that the food is JUST OKAY and you'll be happy.There is ALWAYS a line here usually wrapped around the corner and down to the next merchant - but that is because it is worth it!
Absolutely love the Basil Chicken served over rice. The Salmon is extremely popular (and tasty)  as you hear order after order of that called out. Not a huge fan of the spring rolls but I have definitely had worse.
As noted by a few other people they aren't the friendliest and it's very much a 'next' 'next' 'next' mentality - I guess I don't mind that since all orders are to-go and you head over to the main seating area in the market if you want to eat there. I'm not there for a hug and a smile - I'm there to grab lunch and go so it's all good.I had the salmon fillet and red curry. It was mild spicy and really tasty. I highly recommend it at the reading terminal market.That's right the secret is out! This little place in the middle of the Reading Terminal Market is a huge find! $5.50 for a bowl of rice and freshed steamed broccili topped with this delicious, melt in your mouth pan seared salmon that seeps it's yummy sauce throughout the rice. You can't get a fine piece of salmon like this anywhere! You can't go wrong with their pad thai either- $5.50 for a heaping lunch portion is the best for the money I have seen in the city ( note for the money, some of my favs like Aqua are worth paying the extra price).
If you are looking for good Thai, check this baby out!I adore Thai food and work a block away from Reading Terminal Market, so Little Thai Market seemed like a gem when I first found it.  It may be a gem to some, but for someone who loves Thai food for the rich taste and deep flavors, you may want to skip it.  You definitely get what you pay for.  
I've had the red curry chicken, basil chicken, and coconut soup (with chicken).  The Coconut Soup tastes the best, definitely some bang for $2 if you just need something quick.  Both the chicken entree's come with a lot of meat and rice, but the sauce can be thin and oily.  Pretty much what you expect for the price, but with a lot of food.  I'm usually there after 3, so the food may be better earlier when the lines are crazier, but the chicken's taste and texture makes me think it's either been out all day, is low quality, or both.  Once I had the basil chicken there around 4 on a Saturday and could barely finish half of it, I was so grossed out.
However, everyone ahead of me in line gets the salmon curry.  I'll probably try that next time since this is still one of the most affordable stands in the market, and no matter how painfully mediocre, I can't shake the Thai addiction.doesn't get any better than this! delicious salmon over rice w/ red curry - i get it every time. I can't imagine getting anything else from here. anytime i think of "maybe... chicken today..?" i always do a last minute switch to the salmon. it's fresh, flavorful, tender, big portions, and cheap! service is quick- remember to order from the server then pay at the cashier. if you order from the cashier she'll ask u if you told the server and that can get confusing, especially since there is usually a long line. you certainly don't wanna be THAT idiot who screws up the flow. 
get the red curry salmon w/ extra sauce! you will love it!monstrous portion... i'm a self-proclaimed rice addict, and when i get a dish with a dollop of rice instead of a mountain, i am peeved. the amount of rice i received here today for lunch with my chicken basil bumped this review from a 4 to a 5. the dish was awesome. if i had any self control at all i would have saved a portion for lunch tomorrow. but i dont. so i didnt.The long line and the fact that everyone raves about this place, would normally be a turn off for me.    But the line moves fast and it's cheap and the food is excellent.     The quality and the flavor is as good as I've had for 3x the price at a nicer sit down Thai restaurant.    Portions are large.    Only complaint is entrees (chicken basil, red curry) could be a litle spicier for my liking, but I understand this is cafeteria style preparation and made to please the masses.This place always has a long line, and for good reason!  Everything is yummy!  My favorite dish is the salmon with the red curry sauce over white rice and broccoli...getting hungry just thinking about it!  The pad Thai is very tasty too and I'll usually order it when they either run out of salmon or there is a huge backlog of salmon orders (it's just that good!) and I'm short on time.  The shrimp coconut soup has a light creamy flavor with a hint of lemongrass and is topped off with cilantro.  I'll usually order the soup with an order of spring roll, but be aware that they give you 2 spring rolls with an order.  I usually eat one at lunch and save the other one for later.  Another popular dish is the skewered Thai BBQ chicken which is quite tender and smothered in their sweet n' sour sauce.  They also have a chicken basil dish that my coworker raves about.   If you are in the Reading Terminal, I highly recommend that you stop by and try it out, you won't be disappointed.Portion and price wise, this place is great. Flavor and the quality of the food is subpar. The curry salmon is only $6.50 and they give you a HUGE piece of salmon with rice. I found it disappointing that they are so stingy with the broccoli though. Even though the fish was good, the overall flavor of the dish was very much lacking. It only tasted like a pale version of real Thai food. The red curry chicken was $6 and with that, you get a good amont of chicken and vegetables. The flavor of this dish was somewhat better but it still left a lot to be desired. I also tried the coconut chicken soup and this was the WORST. The soup did not have any coconuty taste. It tasted like it had vinegar in it! Disgusting.This place is akin to the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld: seriously.
During the workweek lunch hour, there's a line down the aisle.  The locals (I am one) rave about this place.
You can't go wrong.
As the others have said, the salmon with red curry is a chart topper.
I had shrimp coconut soup.  It looked bland, had white coconut broth, and not much more, but it was damn good.
If you have an appetite, you can order salmon w/ shrimp + red curry sauce.  It's what I had today.  Really wonderful.  $8.  But I do second the popular opinion: ask for extra sauce.  All the extra protein left some room desired for the sauce.  And it's like crack.  Put the pipe to your lips.Obviously I came here because of the rave over the salmon curry. You get plenty of white rice and salmon. A small amount of steamed broccoli. The curry sauce is too watery and tastes strongly of coconut and fish sauce, not much curry. I think I'm going to try their other meals.I've been to the Reading Terminal a few times during my layovers in Philadelphia but this my first visit to Little Thai Market. Normally I default to Pad Thai when visiting Thai restaurants but while waiting in a fairly long line I struck up a conversation with the man in front of me. He claimed  most people are getting the curry salmon which runs a reasonable $8. So the famous curry salmon it was and I have to say amazing! The portions are large but more important it was a culinary delight. I think Anthony Bourdain would approve if he were still alive.I always have to visit this place when I am at Reading Terminal in Philly.  Really good Thai food and very reasonable.
I usually get the salmon red curry $8.00 but decided today to try the vegetarian red curry $6.00.  Great flavor and just the right size for lunch.  
My timing was perfect as the line here can be long.  
Only complaint is that they only take cash. 
Will be back!The salmon curry is amazing and a great deal!!! Every time I'm in Philly I make a stop here for the salmonthe line is terrible but thats because the food is amazing! 7 bucks for a huge piece of salmon with a creamy coconut sauce. with rice and veggies too. stop reading and go eat!Tried the shrimp pad Thai during a very busy lunch day.  It was delicious and fresh! The noodles were well seasoned and flavorful.  The sauce wasn't too sweet.  The shrimp was just added on top of the dish, so they were not overcooked.  The dish also came with some steamed broccoli florets.
Also had a chance to try the salmon curry.  It was absolutely wonderful!  The fish was grilled perfectly, and there was not a heavy fishy taste.  Again, the dish came with broccoli florets.  For take out, this was stellar!When they bring out a fresh platter of Pad Thai to serve I'm not sure there's another place in the city that can compete. 
The noodles just taste, right with the correct amount of sweetness and the noodles have the perfect tenderness and the portions are smaller than the other places you may frequent but thats okay because the prices are also cheaper than those other places. 
The salmon curry is also the bomb diggity even though it's more like a salmon donburi than a salmon curry.Quality previously 5 stars. Hope there will be a turnaround soon. Their pad thai and thai curry are - or were, rather - the city's finest.Still love the food, but sort of sad that it is  now crazy busy....good for the owners, not so good for the customers.  I don't come here as often as I used to because the lines are just too long now, and I barely have enough time to eat my food before I have to jet back to the office.  I miss the days when it was my little secret place to have lunch really cheap with much shorter lines and wait times.  Also, the price has gone up considerably since I've started coming here.  I remember way back when it only cost about $5.00 for the Salmon in curry sauce.I like this little spot. Their coconut tom yum? soup always satisfies. I see that some folks are complaining that it lacks complexity? It does lack a bit of sour flavor, but I like it just fine. The soup has a lot of bay leaves and lemongrass stalks...you have to fish them out. It's salty and sweet...it's just awesome.
The noodles aren't very great, I agree. The noodles aren't made by order, so it's something to be expected.
But their salmon is really good though. It has really smoky flavor. My wife doesn't like salmon, especially Atlantic salmon, but she likes this salmon. I advise that you get it with extra sauce, which adds the extra kick that might lack if you don't get it with extra sauce.
Overall, it's cheap, fast, reliable food (at least for the soup and the salmon dish). And that's the combination that's hard to come by these days.Wow what a great lunch spot. I have not had Thai food this delicious since visiting San Francisco.
I knew I was in for a treat when there was a 30 person line already at noon. I patiently waited and eventually got to sample the salmon curry, Thai salad, and shrimp pad Thai. All were $6 each and hit the spot.
The salmon curry was the standout. A ton of meat piled on flurry rice covered in their special curry sauce. Next time I will be asking for extra sauce.
The Thai salad had tender chicken and a perfect balance of flavors. I loved the hints of lime and loved the overall refreshment factor. 
The shrimp pad Thai got off to a non 5 star start but once I worked my way down and got the sauce in every bite I was officially in heaven. Next time I just need to find a way to get some heat into the mix.
Definitely a can't miss lunch spot in Reading Terminal, and that's saying something.Most days you will stand in line waiting for your turn to order the salmon - virtually everyone orders the salmon because it is outrageously good! Lots of rice, a bit of broccoli and what must be a pound of freshly cooked salmon. All for less than $9.00! My wife and I split on and it is plenty for both of us. Throw in the unique hustle, bustle, and noise of the Reading Terminal and it is just a great place to chow down!We got the basil chicken, spicy shrimp with bamboo shoots, and salmon curry for takeout. The ordering process is very efficient, and the prices are good. 
The best dish is the salmon curry, the sauce they pour over the salmon is really delicious and you get rice, broccoli, and a good amount of salmon for the money. 
The other two dishes were just okay. I noticed that the shrimp was in another container and only combined with the spicy bamboo when they pack it. This prevents the shrimp from soaking in the flavor from the sauce =[. The basil chicken was not tender and the flavor was meh.Having worked downtown and frequenting the Reading Terminal Market often for lunch....this is one of the hidden gems.
The line is always long at lunchtime (a good sign no?) and most folks are getting my favorite dish....the grilled salmon in a coconut curry sauce over steamed rice and broccoli. For a great meal under $10, it can't be beat.
Do yourself a favor and try it out.I can't explain to you how good their salmon curry is, also their chicken lemon grass soup is to die for. If you haven't been here yet... GO!Their Salmon and Rice is AMAZINGGGGGG (about $8) and enough for two meals. Delicious, perfectly cooked salmon, crunchy broccoli, and fast service.  
Located in Reading Terminal MarketBest Salmon Curry Dish EVER!!!!The only place in Reading terminal market that had a line at 11:40 am...and it was definitely with the wait!  A line-stander recommended the salmon curry and it did not disappoint!   A massive, tender piece of salmon grilled (and warmed in microwave) atop a bed of rice and broccoli, smothered in a "red?" curry sauce.. (more beige in color) was lunch and dinner in one sitting.  Tip:   If you order the vegetable curry you can skip to the head of the line.  So delish!Used to try somewhere new everytime i was at RTM, that changed when i stumbled upon little thai market. My three favorite things-- delicious, healthy and cheap. didnt know that was possible!  Salmon, broccoli, and rice for $6... I think so.I returned to Little Thai Market yesterday for lunch.  I must adjust my review.  I ordered the grilled salmon again, this time with extra sauce.
The salmon was as I remembered -- moist, tender and huge.  Seriously, when I got back to my office, I promptly cut the salmon in half and stored for Wednesday's lunch.  
What I was a little disappointed in was the red curry sauce.  It is more watery than creamy, and lacks a bit of flavor.
It's still a good meal in a pinch, and a terrific bargain ($7.02, I believe with the extra sauce).  I will surely return.I used to live and die as well as recommend this place to everyone. Lately, the Salmon & Rice has been nothing to write home about. Also, the young Asian guy behind the counter is super rude, as recently as today I dealt with his lack of customer service skills. I thought it was personal at first, until I read another review. If this is not bad enough, they had the audacity to go up on prices in January 2013.  So now I'm paying more for bad service.  Sadly, I will not be going back to this place or recommending it to anyone else for that matter.Soo Good && Even Though The Line Is Long It Still Moves Pretty Fast. Love The Salmon Curry Gets It Atleast 2xs A Week.I was in Philly for a day and wanted to have lunch at Reading Terminal Market. I was browsing Yelp for the restaurants and found this place. The reviews and the pictures looked good, so I decided to try the salmon curry. 
I arrived here around 12:00pm, and there was a line, but the staff was very efficient that I didn't have to wait long to get my food. It comes with steamed broccoli, rice, and salmon, but I got mine no rice with extra broccoli and extra sauce.
The salmon fillet was huge, and it costs only $8. The portion is generous.
The only complaint is that they don't have seats, so you'll have to find ones which can be hard.I've eaten here twice and ordered the same thing both times: the chicken pad thai (boring I know!). Each time I watched them prepare the salmon dish that everyone seems to rave about and it does look delicious. Unfortunately, the chicken pad thai isn't that great. 
Sure it's okay for a quick $6 Thai fix but I've definitely had better. I suggest ordering hot sauce on the side as the flavor is a bit bland. 
Maybe next time I'll buck up and just go with the salmon?Sometimes you pay a lot for food and the food is good, but not excellent. However, the service was incredible and makes the price worth it.
Other times the food is cheap, and makes you feel as if you just drank a bucket of Crisco and a block of Velveeta.
Little Thai Market is cheap and delicious. The food comes quick, even when a line is starting to wrap around the side of their "stall". Highly recommended for the vegetarians out there.
The nice thing about their location as well, is that you can go find dessert in the form of some local fruit or baked goods.
The bad thing about their location is that it is tourist central, which makes for great people watching. Sometimes I like my AZN cuisine to be found in an out of the way strip mall.The GREATEST Thai food anywhere. If you get the Yellow Curry Chicken you will never eat anything else again (although the Salmon is great and so is the Red Curry Chicken). The lady who owns the place is a sweetheart. Don't be afraid of the long lines. They move fast and it is well worth it. Order extra sauce. It's amazing.OMG!!!! Do not let my secret out.  $2.00 Tom Ka Gai can not be beat (the most addictive Thai Coconut Soup - with chicke or shrimp - for $2.50 - or just vegetarian.)
I love the pad thai and curries, too.
CASH ONLY and you don't need much - for around $6.00 you can get a full delicious Thai meal.  (Bring some home tonight - the eat-in ambience leaves something to be desired.
YUM!!!!!!The best salmon! I have been going to this market for a long time and being a native to philly I just can't get enough. Its very well known in the market so good.  The line can be long on weekdays and on Saturdays due to the high profile of the place. Great taste. The sweet and taste of the sauce just makes you want to eat more. The salmon is fresh off the grill so its very healthy and low calories. The salmon platter is the most popular food. With broccoli and rice .....its just great!The food here is incredible and a great value.  I am addicted to the salmon and eat it at least once a week.  The portion sizes are ridiculously large.  Occasionally, there is a salmon filet that is not quite as massive as is the norm for them, to make up for this, they give you 2 filets. I love those days. This really is a perfect meal, the entrees here will never leave you feeling hungry  but wont put you in a food coma either.  Listen, if you like hot (good hot, not burn your mouth hot), then ask them for a side of hot sauce.  They have dixie cups of sriracha ready at the counter for the asking. They also sell the sriracha by the bottle (although you can find in cheaper at a chinatown grocery store).The best Thai food I have ever had.  The salmon curry over broccoli and rice was delicious.  The coconut shrimp soup was absolutely the best.  The Lady at the counter was so nice and the line moved quickly.  My dining partner love my food too!.wow- totally worth the line that wraps around this stand. The salmon curry is unbelievable- for $6 you get a huge chunk of perfectly cooked salmon over rice- ask for extra sauce - makes this dish 10x better!!
FYI - it is cash only.1 Star 
There were a ton of great reviews for Little Thai Market which is located within Reading Terminal Market. Most of the recommendations came for the salmon curry, so I decided to try it out for lunch.
Decor:
Reading Terminal Market in general is rather chaotic and busy so I was not expecting much for decor.  However, this place looked pretty shabby and unkept compared to many of the other food stalls. Many of the ready made food were missing labels and others were within mysterious bins and buckets.
Food:
After the many great reviews, I decided to get the salmon curry which was clearly the most popular dish.  All the people in line with me were getting the same dish.  While I was waiting in line I noticed that the salmon was coming from baking sheets and being thrown into the microwave on paper plates.  The fish was precooked and then warmed per order in the microwave which is disgusting.  They would plop on some boiled broccoli from a huge tin pot in the back.  At the cash register, they would scoop some very watery sauce into the plastic containers and hand it to you.  The whole process of watching them assemble the plate made me not want to eat anymore.  I would heavily question the cleanliness of the food considering how they make it. The flavor was consistent with the fish coming out of the microwave.  It tasted flaky, pasty, and terrible.  It was extremely overcooked and was overly salty.  The rice was drenched in a strangely watery and oily sauce.  There was a film of oil on top of the dish after they poured the sauce on.  It was extremely fatty and made me feel unconformable after eating it.
Service:
They are cash only.  The servers were unhelpful and acted as if everyone knew how their whole process worked.  They would quickly take your order and then ignore you as you were expected to follow them through the assembly line.
Overall, with so many great food options in Reading Terminal Market and Philly, I would do everything in my power to avoid Little Thai Market.  The food was absolutely terrible and I do not know how clean the food is.Dunno why ranking so high by others~. It's an Ok place. Food were made very rough you can tell. Tasty, won't go againehh, the pad thai was ok, but the big juicy shrimp in it redeemed it. it is just a little weird that the shrimp wasn't cooked into the pad thai. 
the curry is better here. salmon filets are super popular! everyone around me was getting it. 
if im in the mood for thai, ill stick to erawan.Great pick me up while doing my civic duty on jury duty. Moves fast. They only take cash and no discounts for jury dOutstanding. Always a line but worth the wait and the line moves pretty quickly.
Recommend the Salmon and Pad Thai.My very first review in Philly! Sadly, the excitement ends there.
This little restaurant is nestled in the bustling busy Reading Terminal on 12th Street. Although I grew up in Philly, I never patronized any of the interesting little shops or restaurants at the Reading Terminal. I think I was always a little terrified of that place, to be honest. However, ever since I've moved back to the Philly area I have been dying to check this place out. So when my friend suggested going there for lunch one day, I happily accepted.
There was a line! That's always a good sign! The menu was not extensive but it seemed promising. The line moved and I could see the buffet. I brightened like the fat kid I was at the yummy Thai food laid out for my eyes to enjoy. My belly was just inches away from devouring it. Then... the fat kid inside me screamed. I watched the chef place a plate of Salmon in the microwave. He then covered the fish in a blanket of curry and threw some broccolis over it. Um. 
Everything after that wasn't memorable at all. I ended up trying the Basil Chicken, which was bland but tolerable. My crazy and fearless friend ordered the Curry Salmon, which was dry. To be honest, I've had Thai food all my life and the food I had here just did not taste authentic. They even suck at being knock offs. 
Not trying it again.
Toodles!