I've been here a couple times and every time, I've enjoyed everything I have ordered. There's a lot of variety to choose from and the wait for your food isn't long at all. My favorite would have to be their pepperoni pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza. The crust is really fluffy and their fries are crisp and come out fresh out the oil.Great pizza! Great staff! Always friendly and fast. The only place I order pizza from.The pizza is good.   They have never heard of customer service.  The delivery person swore at me and aggressively shoved the pizza at me after refusing to deliver to my door.   I'm sorry but if i pay a delivery fee AND a tip, i expect my food to be delivered to me.  I guess I'm the one with unrealistic views.....The food is pretty simple but solid, nothing fancy here.  It's a good deal for the portion size.  I've only ever ordered delivery and it's been cold and late (90+ minutes) each time so plan accordingly.I got the margherita pizza. Its pretty yum for delivery. The sauce is very very good...really stood out  because I just had a few simple toppings. I'll try to make it back for the tomato pie; seems like it may be awesome. I also got the antipasto salad, which in theory could have been yummy except the dressing fell out all over the salad on the car ride over. The balsamic was yucky. I tried to wash it off the lettuce. Otherwise, everything was good. yeah.Aaaamaaaazing!
So. I'm sitting at Penn Hospital. The nurse recommended them and I can see why!
I ordered the chicken parm over yelp then called to add the chocolate cake. I regret nothing. I'm always scared that cakes with no pictures on yelp will be dry but this was super moist! On nom nom!
The chicken parm was perfect. Nicely breaded, al dente pasta. And tons of cheese.Yum. This is my favorite pizza place. Sauce / cheese ratio is perfect.
Update: Lately something seems different can't put my finger on it but just not the same. Dropped down to 4.Horrible. Quoted 45-60 minutes for my meal with a confirmed delivery of 50 minutes per the email I received after ordering online through Yelp. After an hour and 20 minutes I call the restaurant and they tell me it's on it's way. 40 minutes later I call back because I still haven't received my order and then ensure me it's on the way. 15 more minutes go by and my food finally arrives partially incorrect and cold. The driver had a migraine. How is that my problem? I call for a refund because I've been waiting twice the amount of time I was told the delivery would arrive and the food came cold but they wouldn't give me a refund unless the driver came back to pick up the food to return to the restaurant. Really? What kind of service is that? You leave your customers waiting double the amount of time for food and when it arrives cold and incorrect I'm left to still be without food? Worst experience I've ever had in Philly. Never again. There are plenty of other options in this neighborhood.Awesome for a small, quick slice to go. Ran in for a bite before going to the Magic Gardens. 
The pizza has a really crunchy crust, which meshed well with the ricotta on my pizza. Really friendly staff and the food comes out fast.I went to Little Italy off South Street for a quick lunch. There are a couple of them around but the one in South Street had a decent sized dining area. They  have very good pizza there for about $3 a slice for any  specialty pizza. I tried the BBQ chicken pizza which wasn't bad but nothing special wither and the and Buffalo chicken pizza which was very good. I especially like the hot sauce they use for this pizza. Some if their other pies also looked delicious and worth coming back again to try. My roommate raves about their salads here which I might have to try some time. Overall a very good pizza place in Philly.This is now my go-to quickie lunch spot, without a doubt.  They first caught my eye because they are easily the cleanest, brightest, freshest looking pizza place in my neighborhood, and they kept my interest with some awesome, affordable food.
The margherita is the best bet, with whole leaves of fresh basil and gorgeous mozzarella rounds -- but get to it quickly at the lunchtime rush, because I've been there several times when it's been sold out.
Also, try any of their white slices, my favorite being the veggie with generous scoops of creamy ricotta.
For sandwiches and other non-pizza items, the word of the day is VALUE -- their portion sizes are gigantor.  I ordered a Spinach Roll, thinking I was going to get something about the size and shape of a cinnamon bun, and ended up with 2 full meals worth of cheesy-filled goodness.
My only quibble is with their basic cheese slice, that has a too-thick, too-crunchy crust, but many people would disagree -- very much a matter of personal taste, but just be aware of this if you prefer a fold-y, floppy cheese slice like yours truly.
Service is fast and no-nonsense, and they are great with takeout orders.  Just don't expect to use your credit card if your order comes to less than $5.00.  They also have some great seating, indoors and out, and a plasma tv.  WIN.Thank God this place opened last year. I have been very frustrated trying to find decent pizza in the city. This establishment comes extremely close to my perfect pie, closer than everyone else. Pizza, in all of its elements, is simple but very easy to mess up. The dough here is great, toppings fresh and sauce is tasty. Employees are genuinely nice, a change. Delivery is super fast also, what a great place. 
How it should be done.The ideal thing here is to order a couplea slices and eat em there, hot outta the oven all crispy crusted and oozing with saucy cheesy wonderfulness. I can be a pizza snob alright, and this here hits the spot and increases my general joie de vivre many times over.This pizza is always good, lunch or dinner, or late night...We get it by the slice or whole pie. Its a good price, also.Use to be good, but recently it's so disappointing. Waited over 90 minutes for delivery, which was promised in 60. Pizza arrived cold. Dough was tough and pizza was covered in oregano, which is not my favorite. Probably better to eat in, but I'm sure there's another local pizza spot that could easily satisfy. Skip Little Italy...Consistently good slices. Crispy, chewy crust w/ a very tasty sauce and generous amounts of cheese. They have a huge display of fresh made pies with which to choose from. Some slices are better than others. Wasn't too crazy about the Margarita. The plain, the eggplant ones were very nice. The best one I had was square and was a tomato pie I think. Thin crust so def wasn't Sicilian. 
Definitely worth checking out, and a place I frequent when in the area.Prices are reasonable; about $2.50 - $2.75. Found the staff to be friendly & helpful. You can sit in or out & they will bring your order to you.I walked by Little Italy Pizza this afternoon and decided to go in and get a menu since they are new in the neighborhood.  We decided to jump right in and try it right away.  
We ordered a Sicilian Pizza and an order of wings. 
The Pizza was absolutely wonderful.  Delicious and well cooked.  The wings were the breaded kind and we got the sauce on the side.  They were very good as well.
I am happy to have a good pizza place in the neighborhood.  They have several tables in the shop as well.
I definately recommend Little Italy Pizza and hope they remain in the area for a long time!I ordered from Little Italy for dinner and I got a pizza, wings and a salad.  The pizza was just OK, as was the salad.  The wings were pretty decent but nothing to write home about.  I would say overall the food was average.  I will definitely try another pizza shop before reordering from Little Italy.One of the best pizzas. I usually get sick eating pizza if dough isn't good. This is one of those few places where they use good flour. We always order it from here for home delivery.Last night, we placed an order through Grub Hub. After over an hour, my boyfriend called to ensure that it was on its way. The girl who answered told us that our order had already left and was on its way (we only live ten minutes from this place). 45 minutes later, we called Grub Hub to cancel and have our money refunded. Wish I could tell you how the food is, but we never got it. 
Seems pretty unbelievable that a place could have so many "didn't even get my food" reviews and still be in business. Really, just don't bother.Tucked out of the way on 9th Street, just north of South Street, this little gem of a pizza shop is surprisingly good.  I took my family here today for lunch, right when they opened around 10.30am.
The pizza selection is fairly standard for a gourmet shop, but the quality of ingredients puts this place above the usual grease pit.  There was a nice white pizza with fresh veggies, veggie with red, a big hunks of green pepper pie, sausage and the standard pepperoni and plain.  All sold by the slice or the pie at standard philly prices.
The dough is a traditional recipe, tending more to the thin and crispy, rather than thick and bready, it serves as a nice neutral way to serve up the sauce and cheese. 
The sauce is thin and sweet, and the cheese it top quality salty stuff. It was the cheese that won me over, since many pizza joints in the city are settling for cheaper stuff these days.
The decor is especially nice, big comfy chairs and a plasma screen, with plenty of seating and room for strollers.  They did not cheap out on plastic chairs and furniture at this place, so you can sit in comfort while watching game shows.
$5 minimum on credit card purchase.
Fountain Sodas, some juice, 2 liters sold with delivery.
Delivery Service.Been here a couple of times, their pies are consistently good.  Went the other night and got two slices and a half dozen garlic rolls for $7.  Filling, delicious, warm and oozy.  We left happy and full.  
Good pizza joint and dare I say I like their slices more than Lorenzo's - no hate mail, thanks.YUM! great sauce, great crust, GREAT PIZZA!! we order here frequently at work and it never disappoints. They have a plethora of slices to choose from if you're like me and like to have options!
Cute pizza shop interior and they even have a few tables outside. Staff is super friendly and helpful.Little Italy Pizza is my go-to spot anytime I want take out.  I order here at least once a week and have never been disappointed with their service.  The staff is friendly and helpful, both on the phone and at the counter.
The food is awesome!  Their hoagies are huge.  I can't finish one in a single sitting, which is saying a lot for me.  Their side orders are awesome.  The cheesesteaks and chicken cheeseteaks are great.  They don't have a buffalo chicken cheeseteak on the menu but will make it for me whenever I ask.  
There are only two things I dislike here.  I don't care for the peppers they put on a sandwich or cheeseteak.  I think they are marinated in vinegar or something and a little too soft.  Personally, I don't like the taste of vinegar.  I also did not like their wings the one time I ordered them.  I forget why but I have not ordered them since.
Everything else is perfection.We ordered and the establishment stated the order would take an hour to be delivered. Two hours later the food arrived cold, with chewed gum in our salad. The establishment refused a refund and would not accept responsibility for the gum salad. What a horrible experience. I would not recommend not only because of the slow service, but because of their terrible customer service... or lack there of.If you want a slice of pizza the size of your face. This is the place to go. 3bucks. Pepperoni pizza served hot. Crispy thin crust. Added Parmesan cheese. 
Fast service. Casual atmosphere. Just needed a snack while walking around town. I'd recommended for pizza craving that's better than your everyday dominos type pizza.This casual pizza+ restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We've been twice for carry out pizza and went today for sandwiches.  The owner and his son are very friendly.  Their broad menu of Italian favorites, is well executed.  We're looking forward to warmer weather to enjoy the outdoor seating.When I think of really good pizza in the city, I think of Marra's, Stogie Joe's, Tacconelli's, Joe's, Zavino's, etc. After reading all the raving reviews, I ordered pizza from this place. It arrived in less than 30 minutes, but unfortunately the pizza was mediocre compared to the rest. Not sure what all the hype is about.We ordered a cheeseburger with egg and chicken Marsala. Both were unimpressive. Both are fairly easy to make. It's not hard to prepare a tasty chicken Marsala. And the burger which was ordered medium rare was a tiny burned frozen patty. It never could have even been medium rare. There are so many amazing restaurants in this city. Don't waste your money or the experience of eating food here.I ordered delivery and they said it would take 30-45 minutes. An hour and 25 minutes later our pizza came with all the cheese shifted to the left of the pizza and it was cold. The French fries were even colder than the pizza. I can't even tell you how it tasted because it was like rubber when we reheated. We will not be ordering from here again.The last 48 hours have been hell. The order being wrong was probably an omen. I got food poisoning! I couldn't keep any food down, or liquid, and lost 14lbs with a consistent fever of 100. Maybe this is one in a million, maybe not. But chances are if it happened once it will happen again. Never going back.Best pizza in the neighborhood by far!  You have to try the vodka sauce....AMAZING.Ah, Little Italy Pizza...I used to live nearby and it was a regular source of many meals.
It's not one of those pizzerias that will ever have a legendary reputation or achieve cult status but I think it's definitely one the best pizza places in Philly. I've had a large number of their menu items (entrees, pasta dishes, salads, apps, etc.) and I've always been very pleased.
I can honestly say, as someone who has ordered delivery from LIP probably a hundred times if not more, I've never had any problem with delivery whatsoever. In my personal experience, delivery has always been prompt and accurate. Maybe my proximity played into that success rate, I don't know. I just wanted to put that out there since a lot of folks are dinging them on delivery.Fresh, fast, cheap and delicious! This little pizza joint is all the things a little pizza joint should be - we had an amazing, filling lunch here and then came back and took a nap. What better way to spend a Saturday afternoon? The stuffed buffalo chicken pizza was what I had and it was phenomenal! So glad we chanced upon this place!!Listen up Philly pizza haters, I've found the good stuff. Not only does Little Italy serve up my favorite slice, they also make my favorite cheesesteak. 
So, here goes: 
BEST PIZZA.
BEST CHEESESTEAK.
Yeah, I said it.This place is disorganized. I live in Old City and ordered delivery which they delivered fine. I called 3 days later for another order and they called me back telling me they wouldn't deliver that far! WTF! 2 days prior they just delivered to me! What a cluster f***k of a place. And they don't keep a database of their customers. Everytime you call to place an order they take all your info from scratch (name, addy, tele). BAD BAD BAD MANAGEMENT!I just tried little italy for the first time the other night and I was very pleased. I've only been able to find really good pizza in the city about 2 times and they were both wicked expensive but little italy has good pizza at a good price. 
I'm definitely going to make this my go to pizza place from now on.Don't F*dge with a sick & starving Ex New Yorkers GARLIC KNOTS!
Let me ask you a few questions...
1) Do you remember sharing a dorm room in college or your first apartment? 
2)  Do you also remember the feeling of returning back to your room/apt and on your walk/ride home all you can think about is the AMAZING LEFT OVERS from that #1 Italian Spot you have waiting for you in the fridge to ATTACK? 
3) Then..do you remember the BLOOD BOILING, "I'm going to STAB A B*TCH" feeling you got when you opened your fridge only to find out your roommate decided to HELP themselves!!!??
Well my friends, that is what the h*ck I feel like right now. But instead of a roommate stealing my Garlic Knots I just didn't get any put in my large take out bag (even when asked and charged). Lesson learned, always check bag (doh).
You see my friends, I have been sick & bedridden for over a month (reason why I have been MIA on Yelp lately). There are only a few things that can bring a smile to my face right now and that is #1 Episodes of Buffy The Vampire Slayer & #2 Garlic Knots. The main reason why I asked my husband to pick up food from this place is because EVERYONE RAVED about their Garlic Knots! I have been dreaming about and preparing myself for the tasty garlic explosion all day long. (sigh)
All in all it is understandable that sometimes things don't work out perfectly when ordering take out. Everyone has their busy day's and If I didn't live 15 blocks from Little Italy Pizza I would be more than happy to just return back and ask for my forgotten Garlic Knots.
POSITIVES....
- A decent all around Classic American Style Cheese Pizza (sauce is good)
- Good Chicken Caesar Salad
- Tasty Cannoli for Dessert!
Am I being a cranky & sick baby? Of Course!
Will I be back for those d*mn GARLIC KNOTS?! Darn' Skippy Fool! :)I'm always a little scared about ordering wings to be delivered.  But, I often cannot get out for lunch, and I heard great things about their pizza, so I figured I would give it a go. 
I ordered the boneless wings in BBQ sauce.  ZOMG! It was amazing!  The sauce was thick and sweet and zingy, and perfect.  The chicken was tender and delicious - not dry at all!  I only ordered 6 yesterday, but I've been craving it ever since... so - 12 today!
If you are picky about your bleu cheese (like me) - theirs is creamy and mayonnaise based.  It is not very strong, and would cool off hot wings nicely.Great thin crust crispy pizza here. I'm a fan of New York style and I'm from that area. Philly isn't really known for having great pizza but this stuff is the real deal. Really nice people who work here, too. Wish they were open later.Great traditional corner pizza shop. A large menu and great variety of pizza by the slice as well.  Quick and friendly. Best buffalo chicken pizza in the area. Just wish they were open later into the night!Good pizza by the slice. But don't order anything with veggies on it - they use canned peppers, mushrooms, etc and they don't chop them very small at all.  Otherwise, a solid pizza joint.  Too bad they don't have fresh veggie options.Little Italy is a top notch pizza joint in Philadelphia. I lived just a few steps away from their shop for a year, and was always extremely pleased with their selection and service. I've sampled most of the pizza in Center City and can say with good confidence that Little Italy is one of the best in Philly.This place is pretty damn good. Delicious pizza. Great flavor, not too greasy. I got a chicken francese sandwich which was very solid. Fries were fine also. 
Delivery was fast and phone ordering was easy enough. 
I would probably give this place 4/4.5 stars actually if the price was right. The sandwich was 10 dollars. Pretty excessive for what it was. You could at least give me fries with it for that price. Or cheese, or any toppings. The pizza wasn't cheap either. So that's the only reason this place is getting 3 stars. 
If you don't mind the price order this all the time.I ordered takeout one rainy weeknight after getting home late and not feeling like cooking. The delivery took almost exactly an hour- which I expected since it was raining. I ordered the honey hot wings and a cheese steak. The wings were pretty good, not the best I've had but had good flavor. They were spicy but had a little sweet kick to them and the wings didn't have a ton of fat on them like you find at some pizza places. The cheese steak was a big disappointment though. When I first opened the box I thought it was just a roll, that's how little meat there was in the sandwich. It didn't have much flavor and only a small portion had any cheese. I ended up throwing half the sandwich out because it wasn't worth it.Got "the works" delivered.  It was OK, not great.  The pepperoni and sausage on it were good, but the veggies not so much.  I actually ended up picking them off.  From all the good reviews I would have expected fresh shrooms, not canned.  The crust was good.  The delivery was fast.1 star says it all.  Nothing else to say. Maybe they were having a bad day. This was for delivery service and the food.Best cheese and margarita pizzas in the city!!! The dough is chewy on the inside crispy on the outside. The pizza rolls are a delicious twist. The pizza dough and toppings are wrapped up like a croissant and sauce is on the side!  Good salads. Love that you can order via grubhub. I would have given 5 stars except the sandwiches and pastas are just average.  In fact the chicken parm sandwich was very dry and tasted terrible. Order pizza, pizza rolls, or a salad and you will never be disappointed.So we went here because of all of the great reviews and we were not impressed (my boyfriend thinks it deserves two stars). The pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, a little greasy. Unfortunately, I haven't had better in the city, which is a shame. The cheesesteak was not good at all, it tasted strange, like the mayo had been sitting around for a while. I really don't understand how everyone rates this place so highly, 13th street pizza and paolo's are just as good, if not better.A solid choice for pizza. Whether you're ordering slices or a pie, you'll get a perfect sauce-to-cheese ratio. Ok, it's a bit gooey, but that's because you're trying to stuff it in your face two seconds after it comes out of the oven. Easy tiger.
As a huge fan of white pizzas everywhere, they win my approval for their iteration. Most toppings are basic options -- like nice salty pepperoni --and they're better that way. Don't get too fancy with it: stick to plain cheese or just one topping and you can't go wrong. Order some garlic knots or mozzarella sticks on the side to please your fatty belly, like I do.
Delivery is smack around the 30 minute mark on average. No complaints there.i ordered the gorgonzola salad with chicken for lunch. it consisted of mixed greens, dried cranberries, candied walnuts, (a generous amount of) gorgonzola, and a few slices of tomato; a container of balsamic vinegarette rounded it out. the salad was very filling with the added chicken. the total cost (with a soda) was around 12usd. the restaurant is very conveniently located near south street and washington square.Good pizza and great place to eat after walking the Magic Gardens. We got the cheese, bbq and buffalo chicken. All were good!Excellent east coast style pizza.  Got half pepperoni and half mushroom.  Small pizza shop with seating for 30.  Delightful staff and women who took my order reminded me of one of my sweet Italian aunts...Checkng in if we needed anything else.  Pizza was great, the kind you fold in half and eat.Ordered the hawaiian which was pretty generic, good but not the best I've ever had. I also had The Works pizza which was phenomenal! I requested extra crispy (ordered through grubhub for pickup) and the crust had a nice little crunch to it but wasn't burnt at all. Very good pie.The food is good.
But the 30-40 minute delivery estimate (on a  sunday night) has been and hour and a half so far, and I'm still waiting. That's pretty bad, right?
I can wait this long and get a much better pie from francoluigi's.The pizza here is pretty good, just how I like it. However, I haven't been back since I started going to Gianfranco's. I'm gonna give it another try just to make sure.Love this place! Staff is always friendly and food is great! Best margarita pizza around, garlic knots are awesome, and you have to try a cannoli for sure.I am happy to make this place my 100th Yelp review!  They are so wonderful at Little Italy, and writing good reviews is much more fun than writing bad ones (sometimes!).
Anyway, my friends and I awaited their opening for months and were elated when we finally saw them open.  We went in for a free slice on opening day and were hooked immediately.  I've been in there a couple of times since, and it's always a good time.  Friendly workers, good pizza, lots of seating (indoor and outdoor!), and very close to my apartment.  I had been hoping for a new pizza place in the area, and Little Italy delivered!  Ooh, sorry about the pun.  I actually haven't had delivery from them, but I understand that they do deliver.  I will say, I'm afraid I'm going to start eating more pizza now, but I can't blame them for it.  I'm eager to try everything else on the menu!So I reviewed Little Italy when it first opened and gave it 3 stars. What was I thinking? I have been back more times than I count.  The whole pies, the slices and the calzones are all great.  This is a great neighborhood pizza place: quality food, friendly (family) staff, plenty of nice seating. The pies and slices are delicious.  Their sauce and cheese have a great balance of sweet and savory.  The crust has a good snap to it. I am lucky enough to have Little Italy within walking distance, but it's worth the drive.The Italian Market closes early. This place is open late and ever thing is well priced and great quality.Always stop at this restaurant place off south street for an eggplant pizza slice. Nice atmosphere and good pizza.Top notch New York pizza. Quick delivery always warm this is a great simple neighborhood pizza !I was in the mood for eggplant, and went eggplant crazy and was not disappointed.  I ordered the eggplant parm pizza, and it was delicious. sauce was tasty with large strip eggplants that actually tasted as if they took the time to season it. Then I had eggplant parm with spaghetti and usually I hate pizza restaurants' sauce because it taste like they poured cheap sauce out of a jar on the food but this sauce had a bit of love in it. Could easily pass as a homemade sauce. Last but not least, had a hoagie.   It has spinach, eggplant, some kind of creamy garlic sauce, peppers and maybe onions and the cheese was provolone (going from memory) but it was delicious.  If your a veggie lover it is definitely worth the trip. They have various pizza items,  sandwiches,  hoagies, platters and I'm going to go back and try them out, and so should you.Food is good, delivery is frustratingly slow and the "customer service" is basically nonexistent. Lady on the phone was very rudeThis is a great neighborhood pizza place: quality food, friendly (family) staff, plenty of nice seating. The pies and slices are delicious.  Their sauce and cheese have a great balance of sweet and savory.  The crust has a good snap to it.  An excellent addition to the Philly pizza scene.Love love love the spinach ricotta pizza.  That's definitely my favorite, but everything that I've tried here is really good (can only speak to pizza though- haven't tried other dishes there yet).  I didn't think I'd like the margherita pizza since I'm a big fan of pizza with a little sauce and a ton of cheese, and they make their magherita with sauce all over and the cheese only in globs throughout (globs is really not a good word but it's the best I can do at this late hour on minimal sleep), but it's really flavorful and perfect if you want something a little lighter.  Also they have really great garlic knots, and the prices are definitely reasonable.  
The people who work there are always friendly too- they even let me come in and order takeout holding my dog, which they seriously didn't have to do.   This place is less than 2 blocks from me, and has basically become my go-to pizza place (although NYC Pizza at 12th and Walnut is still probably my favorite style of pizza in this area- bring on the cheese!).  I'd definitely recommend this place for those of you in the neighborhood!One of the better pizza places around.  While the pizza is really good, in my mind its the sandwhiches that really shine.  The chicken parm sandwhich is especially good.This review is for the South Street location only Little Italy 2 in Queen Village I have never had a problem with.  We order from Grub Hub at 9:30PM and our food literally didn't arrive until 12:15AM.  Note that this place closes at 11 or 11:30 on Saturday nights I cannot remember exactly I just remember when we called to check on our food, the place was closed...Grub Hub was able to contact someone there who assured us the they sent out all of there deliveries and it must be on it's way.  The worst part...when it came is was obviously ice cold and they incomplete, there was  a salad missing.  When we called Grub Hub again and they contacted the person in charge about our missing salad, they said they would refund us for the $4 salad that was missing.  I'm sorry but is after midnight I ordered at 9:30, my food is cold, and it's not all here and the best customer service you can offer me is a $4 salad refund.  I will NEVER EVER make the mistake of ordering from this location again.I used to order from here all the time. Great pizza. But when I tried to get delivery at work, the driver yelled at me, wouldn't follow street signs and refused to listen to directions. He called me multiple times to yell because his anxiety was not allowing him to read the clearly posted signs that said he could park in the loading zone. Then, I ordered again because I thought what are the chances that it will be the same dick? Guess what? It was him again. He again berated me and told me that I was told last time that the restaurant doesn't go upstairs, which I find strange because every single other place I have ever ordered from has managed to figure out how to deliver to my office. I had to cancel my order because I can't leave my office- that's why people order in!- and will now never ever order from here again.Over an hour late (2 hours from delivery time), food was cold, no utensils - challenging when you are staying in a hotel.  I think the delivery driver called me 5 times (first he was calling my number for someone else's order, then to find out where my hotel was, then because he forgot to give me my beverage (I was so annoyed by this point I told him to just refund my money) - worst delivery experience that I can remember.Best. Pizza. Ever. 
I remember the day I moved to my new place, it was a crappy day, the movers were awful and I was hot, tired and hungry.  I new I was going to love this neighborhood when I headed into Little Italy Pizza for the first time. I got a large margherita pizza and lived on it for 2 days. YUM. 
Since then, I've had some of their other pizzas and their cannolis and everything has been delicious. Their slices are HUGE. The staff is so friendly and the service is fast. 
The only bad thing about this place is that it is one block away, making it too easy to feast on their delicious, but definitely not diet-friendly, food.So good! Just stopped by quickly for spinach tomato ricotta slice. The guy was super nice having conversation with us and recommending us their best. It was only 2.75$ + tax and he was nice enough to cut the one slice in half for my sister and I to split! Definitely would like to come back for more!They have decent food for the area. The pizza is very good (and great to go in just for a bit slice). The sandwiches are also quite good (we had the pizza steak and friend chicken wrap). The other sandwiches are a little bland. Every time I get the garlic knots, the bottoms are burned and they aren't very "garlic-y".Guys. I can't say enough. I've never written a review before but I had to in this case. Nice bunch of guys. Great food. Love the pizza and the strombolis. PLUS - delivery is FAST. 
When you're looking for a pizza place in Bella Vista/Society Hill/Queens Village that can make other items just as well. This is your spot.I love this place. They are my go-to neighborhood pizza joint. The staff is always incredibly friendly and accommodating. Their pizzas are reasonably priced and are never greasy. My favorite is the tomato pie, which is delicious! My boyfriend loves to get the Margherita Pizza with some garlic knots. We would be there tonight if it weren't for the Nor'easter!Much to the chagrin of Jay-Z and Rhianna, who may run the town of New York, Italian superstars (cue Giuseppe Verde) fill the streets of Philadelphia with the beautiful operatic tones. Much to the chagrin of cultural aficionados, South Street is usually filled with the incongruent clamor of hipsters shouting at the PPA. Little Italy Pizza offers weary travelers a solace from the bustling bar mavens and ravens descending ravenously from the city's perimeter.
But what attracts one to Little Italy will not necessarily be what keeps one in its loving embrace. Like an Italian winery that produces sweet whites, succulent reds and fizzy pinks, Little Italy offers a variety of pizza slices (sandwich and other things too) that will appeal to even the pickiest bread and cheese mongers. Of particular surprise was that Little Italy didn't offer my beloved white slice, which left me to decide amongst a variety of red-sauce pieces. Opting for basic cheese, this South Philadelphian pizza was topped with a slightly sweet, just noticeably acidic zesty sauce that permeated through the layer of melted gooiness at just the right moments. In fact, never before have I been compelled to order an extra side of marinara just to cover in Parmesan cheese and spoon out of a small cup as if I were a child in Venice...or Kansas.
Little Italy's special pizza is also notable...after all, who wouldn't love caramelized onions, breadcrumbs and oodles of red sauce on a crust somewhere between thin and hand-tossed? Scrumptious? Yes. I think so.Terrible I have no idea why there are good reviews. Doughy pizza that was under cooked. Where's DAT good cripsy pizza at?!?If you do delivery it will take 2 1/2 hours. It arrives cold. It's in microwave now. We did call and got put on hold and then hung up on. Half our guest left to ho eat. Embarrassing. But pizza was good.I absolutely adore this place. Their pizza is pretty good and their pasta is a hidden gem. Everything is simple, not overdone in any manner. The staff is really nice, and they remember you if you go in enough. I'd also recommend their chicken arugula salad.I'm really happy to have Little Italy in the neighborhood now. 
I've only had the pizza, but since they moved in I've eaten in, ordered out, and carried out pizza and garlic knots. Their pizza is great! They have a good balance of crisp crust and plenty of ingredients. Their toppings seem fresher than a lot of corner pizza places and the sauce has a great savoriness. 
The food is all affordable, about standard for the industry. Their interior is nice and clean, not a bad place to sit and have a slice. Most of the time I've been in there they've had international soccer matches on, so that's cool too.