1. I loved the environment especially on the outdoor patio. Nice space, airy, with a cool tiki bar, plenty of plants, and situated between two very cool murals that make it really unique. 
2. We had the margaritas and they were spot on, and I think they used a dash of OJ, which I like. 
3. We had the pork sandwich, which was awesome. Also the mac n cheese was a pleasant surprise. The field green salad was nice as well. No complaints on the food at all and the price was less than what i expected. 
4. The ownership is very friendly, granted it wasn't packed when we got there, so we got extra attention, but you get the feel that they are really invested in the place and genuinely care. 
5. Finally, I see huge potential for this place, not too many cozy outdoor spaces, and they plan to have live music as well, I'll be back there for sure!
RyanAhh... Llama tooth. 
First of all, when we came, the owner (I'm guessing) told our party that they weren't serving food for an hour so we could go to the bar. That was totally fine! No biggie. So we sat at the outside tiki bar while we enjoyed a few beers, the outside bartender was very nice. 
Then my mom and I had to go to the restroom. There is only one bathroom, right near the tiny kitchen, where you can see all of the disarray going on while you wait to use to bathroom. Since that bathroom was locked, we were directed by an employee to the outside bathroom. We walk to the outside bathroom and were practically reprimanded for walking towards that bathroom and turned away from that one. So we go back to the original bathroom and the employee that told us to go outside was stepping out of the inside restroom. I guess he needed to go to the bathroom more than us. 
So, an hour passes and it is time to eat! We seat ourselves inside, plain decor compared to Outside. My family noticed that not only were they rolling silverware right outside, but the glassware was upside down on the tables, where you would put your mouth. Listen, that may sound anal, but considering my mother and I are both former servers, we know the disgusting rags restaurants wipe their tables with. 
Our waitress was very nice, and kind hearted. The only thing that kinda weirded me out was seeing her hairy pits. I don't mind that there was hair, but I think that's half the reason sleeveless shirts are not appropriate for food service (at least for men). I don't care how hipster your restaurant is. 
We started off with the beer and blue fondue, and it was like WATER. We sent it back and it was replaced, creamy and delicious. They were out of pork, so we ordered 2 B4 burgers and one portobello burger. I thought it was an actual burger with mushroom and Swiss, but it was vegetarian. It was still delicious. The actual beef burgers were cooked perfectly, however maybe the griddle was dirty because they had a gristle/grease flavor. Almost like fish, it was odd. 
Altogether it was an off experience. If I went again, it may only be for their beer list.I was so psyched when we walked by this place on the way to a party. Two of my favorite things in the world are llamas and courtyard seating, and their menu (when we finally were able to find the hostess to get one) looked promising.
We split the burger special and fries. It was perhaps the best burger I've ever had. Had we now gotten such despicable service, I'd make it a weekly meal.
The service: When we walked into the front door there were two occupied tables. We stood for several minutes waiting for someone to seat us before looking outside to see if maybe that's where the host stand was. We looked around for a minute and just before we were about to give up and leave, the hostess got up from one of the tables where I guess she had been hanging out with friends, and finally came over to seat us.
I ordered a PBR and when the server brought it to me after 10 minutes, she left the can on the table and said they were, "running low on pint glasses." Normally that wouldn't bother me as I could care less about PBR in a glass, but all around me everyone else got their beer poured into glasses and she didn't even open my can. Plus, she didn't say they were out of glasses, she said they were low. Why should I get different service than the other tables?
Anyway, we ordered and then waited, waited, waited. Meanwhile the table where the hostess had been sitting had a constant stream of plates and drinks coming and going. We couldn't even get them to acknowledge us so we could get our water glasses filled. After 45 minutes we decided to track someone down so we could tell them that we need the meal boxed up because we didn't have time to eat it at that point. We couldn't find anyone. 
A couple walked into the courtyard area at that point and stood waiting to be seated for a while before seating themselves. I was so upset at that point because I felt like the service was beyond awful and disrespectful, that I did something I've never done before. I walked over to the couple that had just sat down and told them that if they were looking for a quick bite to eat, this wasn't the place to get it.
When they finally came over, we asked for the meal to be boxed. Before I could finish the sentence, the server barked that my PBR was on the house, but she sounded annoyed and didn't even acknowledge that we had been waiting forever. We finally got our food and left.
I've been a server and I know people have bad days. Sometimes I tip extra if I can tell that a server is overworked or a place is understaffed. These people however, just seemed like jerks that wanted their own cafe so they can serve and hang out with their friends.
Maybe they'll get rid of the snotty staff, but I won't ever be back to find out.My girlfriend and I decided to grab a bite to eat before a show across the street at Union Transfer since she had a few Groupons to use. We were seated and then it took 15 minutes for a glass of water to be poured. Then, after a 25 minute wait at the table we couldn't even track down the server for a beer. After 30 minutes with no drinks or food we left for fear of missing the show. Instead, we walked to Prohibition Taproom and it was great.The fastest part of my entire visit was the host saying it would only be a '10 minute' wait. It took 2 hours for 2 cold burgers, sweet potato fries that were more like a sweet potato cut in half, warm tap water, and terrible service. Will not be returning.I'm sad to see some of the bad reviews of this place, because it really is a neighborhood favorite of mine. Since I live only a 5 minute walk away, I've had a lot of opportunities to enjoy the outoor seating at Llama Tooth. Their menu is creative and they always have unique specials to offer. I've been here for brunch and had some enormous and flavorful french toast. In the evening, I always split a burger and a salad with a friend (especially the Asian salad, or the Romaine Hearts).
Try to keep this on the DL, but they also have great late night drink specials on Fridays, and what could be better than lounging at a tiki bar with cheap drinks on a warm summer night?
I would easily give Llama Tooth 5 stars, but I really don't like their indoor seating (not cozy at all), so I don't like to come here when the weather isn't nice.I was first attracted to llama tooth while taking a mural tour of Philly. It had just opened but the outdoor area was bursting with color, vegetation, and pretty touches. 
After venturing to eat here, I think it's a great outdoors lunch or dinner venue. The mural walls surrounding you depict a Haitian Childhood of the artist (learned that one from the mural tour) exploding with flowers, color, and cheer. There is a solid beer list here, and other alcoholic beverages.The menu is medium sized, with some variety but mainly I would classify as American Fusion.
Service, as noted in other reviews, was a little slow perhaps because of our large order, I dont know? This could show some improvement.
As a large group, we ordered a ton of things and shared all around. The crab/lobster mac and cheeses were great, oily cheese gooey and delicious. Certainly an indulgence by most standards, but well worth it. The asian mac and cheese with the ahi and the kim chee was a bit strange and I would not order again. I had the chicken gyro, which was very tasty! The eggplant fries were huge and I personally loved them dipped in aioli, although many of my friends did not like the soft texture of the eggplant in fry form. It seems they were using american eggplants to make the fries (versus the more firm and seedless asian varieties) and perhaps this is accountable for softer texture? The ahi salad was ok, but the ahi slices were too large and chunky for seared styled ahi on salad. I would recommend they slice it more thinly in the future and less salt on the exterior-it was also quite salty.
I would return to check it out again.Been to Llama Tooth twice- once in 2015 and once this month (August 2017). The first time it was amazing! Second time was HIGHLY disappointing. We first sat outside (after having to go INSIDE to find someone to see if it was only outside seating or inside/outside). We sat down, and ordered off of their menu that got smaller, but was already small to begin with. Maybe 10 things to choose from, at the max. Have an extensive beer selection, but make sure no one in your party is under 21 because you can't get served if they're there, due to a PA state law, we were told. 
It started drizzling so we moved inside (orders were already put in) and got our appetizers. Pickle fries & eggplant fries were both subpar. A good spicy aioli served with it, but abrasively spicy so be careful. Breading didn't have much flavor to it. 
Our entrees came out and were almost laughable. My sister and her fiancé both got burgers which were the quality of Bubba Burgers - the boxed burgers sold in grocery stores. Seemed like the cheese was Kraft Singles or some plastic-wrap cheese. Fries were decent. Hot dog was boiled and then thrown on a grill to get a grill mark or two. They split a truffle mac and cheese, which used to be big enough to split, but was barely enough for one person. Tasted like watered down noodles. My boyfriend got the crab mac and cheese which also tasted like a watered down crab bisque with mushy noodles. I had the pulled pork tacos which were the best of everything. Pork & BBQ sauce were good but the lime rice had absolutely no lime taste to it, just tasted like water. The pico wasn't really pico, just finely diced tomatoes and peppers with no seasoning. 
Overall very disappointing meal. Tacos were not worth the $12 I was charged for them, mac and cheese was not nearly a large enough serving to charge $10+ for them. So sad because the food used to be so good and the patio is great! 
Definitely wouldn't return, sadly.Service was poor. Nice beer menu I memorized as I waited for a table. If u sit outside at the bar no food. If u want to sit inside and the outside is open forget it, Its closed. Do everything you can to avoid the place if there is a show is at the UX.So, please keep in mind that I am only reviewing the beers and overall atmosphere at the moment. My friends have been here to eat and say it was good, but I have yet to test it out for myself. We sat outside on a nice sunny day, and were greeted by an amazingly friendly staff. They have a lot of unique beers to choose from, and the staff also seem to be very knowledgeable in that sense. Additionally, the outdoor seating is amazing! The paintings and music are so much fun, you'll forget you're on Spring Garden street and think you're on a tropical island somewhere!! Most definitely will be returning here.Going to a show at union? Get there early and stop by the beer garden offered by Llama tooth. It may look underwhelming, but if you're into craft beer this place is a hidden gem. I enjoyed some rare finds by the Philadelphia Brewing company (spoiler alert: they have more beers than Kenzinger). If you're looking for a Saturday night crowd- I may not go here first, but if you're looking for a chill spot before and after a show at the Union Transfer: then this is it.Truffle, mushroom mac & cheese.....
Seriously I dare some one to try and make something more delicious and comforting than that. I could not stop shoveling the cheesy mess in to my mouth...just typing this is taking me back to how good it was.
Yea, I ordered other things (cuban, gyro, burger) but the mac & cheese took the cake. 
I'll be back for more
(This was a take out order)Great beer selection, amazing patio and llamas!  What's not to love?!Great outdoor space, nice staff. The pulled pork was recommended over the chicken salad because "out of this world". Soooo disappointed. 3 cold flour tortillas full of soggy white rice ! Just a little bit of pork on top saturated with a very sweet sauce. Some iceberg lettuce shavings on the side and small dish of diced onions and green peppers was it. Sangria was weak too.This place rocks !!!
The outdoor seating with the beautiful murals really gives it that city feel. 
The food is awesome! 
I had the truffle mac and cheese, the cuban sandwich, the turkey meatloaf, and the eggplant fries !!! - All amazing !!!
The service was great, and it's in a great location !!!
HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!!Llama Tooth was certainly a very cozy, hole-in-the-wall type restaurant. My girlfriend and I had some time before seeing a concert at the Union Transfer (concert venue right across the street), and decided to pay this little restaurant a visit. The first thing that you see when you open the door is the somewhat cramped, slightly dingy decor, which is offset by many antique paintings and pictures with llama heads perfectly glued on the frames. Talk about a eccentric, quirky, atmosphere. We decided to have a light meal before the concert since it was around 8:00 pm. One thing I can certainly say about this place - IT'S SO COZY AND WELCOMING. It's almost as if the heat beckons to you to stay a little longer because it was quite cold outside. 
The waitress was quite friendly and bubbly, which was great. I had a cup of coffee, which was not too strong, and not too mild. We also ordered the B4 Burger (which I decided on after reading a few reviews on Yelp haha), which was quite delicious. We weren't hungry enough for dessert, and the concert was going to start soon so we left after. 
The food and atmosphere is great! A very nice addition to the Union Transfer area during the chilly Philadelphian winters. All in all, a nice, cozy, small place. I'd love to see how the outdoor patio is once the summer months come. I'm sure I'll be back again, but almost exclusively for a pre-concert snack since the area around it is quite humdrum, unless you have a concert to see at the Union Transfer. For a nice, moderately priced bite to eat before (or after) seeing a show across the street,  and a healthy dose of quirkiness, look no further!I mean, granted the menu is for badem the EXACT same as subway, its still good. guy, john running it is good. they didnt have an atm, which bummed me out.  I ate outside and i was tired of looking at the line outside at union transfer.
If you call ahead you can get a bag of cheetos replaced for your fries/side salad. they just need time to go to the gas station.
Im still confused how the crown fried hasnt been robbed.
Sick flame broiled whoppers.Llama Tooth is one of my new favorite places to eat in Philly!  The patio is a great spot to grab some food & drinks and hang out with friends.  I've come here twice now and both times I've ordered the mac and cheese (first time was the truffle mac & cheese and the second time was the crab mac & cheese) - it is DELICIOUS.  Actually, the entire menu is great, reasonably priced, and has something on there for everyone.  
I definitely recommend this restaurant!  Also, they're now open for brunch so I'll be back to check that menu out soon.Their mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese is to die for.  It's really filling cause it's rich, I shared mine.  Staff was very friendly and the lighting outside is quite pretty.NOTE: This review is just for the patio & service!
Went here last night before the Matt Pond PA show at UT, just for a drink and the atmosphere. It was a beautiful night, the patio is AWESOME (including the great mural). Sangria was totally decent and inexpensive, waitstaff were attentive and fun. Menu is a little small and not very vegetarian friendly, but we will be back for the patio!Great food, great staff! I was very impressed with this place, not only because of the extensive beer list, but the food was fabulous! Granted, there was a bit of a wait for the food, but it was well worth it. The outside area is very cute between the colorful wall murals with an outside bar. The inside is rather simplistic but not bad. I will definitely be back!We decided to stop in at the Llama's Tooth for a bit of brunch after a friend spied their colorful patio on an evening walk. It's a beautiful space with a colorful mural, tiki bar and pretty flowers lining the sides. All in all a perfect place to spend a warm, sunny early summer morning. That's the good part. 
The bad part is, the food is kinda 'meh'. I ordered the eggs benedict burger because it sounded like the perfect antidote to my post beer haze. The sliders were alright, but a little on the dry side and the hollandaise sauce was bland. A friend ordered the cuban breakfast sandwhich and was greeted by slighly warm deli ham and a floppy pickle.  Coupled with weak coffee and the place being out of orange juice (!?) equals the Llama's Tooth being a nice place to sit, but not the greatest place to get brunch.Good place for a casual meal. Good a little less interesting than I thought it would be but beer list a mile long. Pork tacos had rice in them, sorta weird, could have done without. Such a simple dish should stay simple. Overall good. The white sangria was very tasty.Lovely outdoor seating, very friendly staff, and delicious food. Couldn't ask for more. The fondue was such a treat!I went to Llama Tooth at the suggestion of my date.  The outdoor patio was nicely decorated with lights, and a large mural on the side of the building....pretty cool.  It was too hot to sit outside, so we opted for indoor dining.
The service was great, and you could sense the excitement of the owners at having patrons in their new restaurant.  They were very welcoming and accommodating.
I had the peanut chicken sandwich, and I'm not sure why I thought peanut sauce, chicken and bread would go together....because it didn't.  It would have been better minus the roll and served as an entree.  The sauce was a little "tangy", and reminded me of the flavor of something gone bad. Great fries though!  My date had the bbq turkey meatloaf, and he lapped it up, so no complaints from him.
All in all I'd say A for effort, but the food and atmosphere lack in flavor and substance.We snuck in to this place before a show at Union Transfer across the street. The food was really good! We got a burger and the pulled pork mac and cheese. The food came out quickly and tasted really fresh. Though we didn't drink any, they had a great beer list!Good stuff here! They have probably some of the most amazing mac and cheese you'll ever experience. I tried the truffle mac and cheese as well as the lobster mac and cheese and both were irresistable and I found myself licking the bowl. My entree I got a burger which was juicy and fat and bbq saucy and mushroomy and awesome. 
I didn't order a fancy drink here but the beer selection is quite good and offers a wide variety. Go go goooo!Brought my cousin here for dinner before a show at union transfer, they refused to serve me a beer because my cousin is 18. I am 30 years old, seriously? I was really looking forward to enjoying a good craft beer with my meal. Awful.Very "cute" place. Our waitress was very kind and outgoing, the hostess could've been more welcoming in my opinion a tad sassy for my taste haha.  eh, came for the food. The place has a calm atmosphere and they had outdoor seating, but it was closed since he weather was around forty degrees outside haha. I thought it was a cozy place. THe Mac and cheese truffle my friend and I had was very good comfort food. They have a wine selection, and their fries for five dollars was decent. The fries were seasoned and steak fries. Decent bargain for five dollars. We ordered the house white wine for six dollars. Def recommend to go here  if you're waiting for a concert across the street (union transfer).This is our first time here and we were so excited to try this neat place! As big foodies and outdoor seating lovers this place seemed perfect.
However, it's been over an hour (for two people) of waiting for our food and it's still not here.
This has totally ruined the review completely for me. Hire more kitchen staff for weekends.
Edit: after over an hour my boyfriend's salad just arrived. So, now it's probably another 30 minutes before the actual meals come.
Took an hour for the just the salad. Dropping this review to one star.So we came from prohibition down the street to have a couple drinks before a sold out show at union transfer across the street at the outside bar because it was a nice day.  Well the outside area was only half filled and there were approximately 9 people waiting at the bar, the line waiting to be seated was really long, the inside are only had two tables filled.  So we sat at the bar for about 20 minutes before the guy came over and told us that there would be no bar services but we could wait at the front for a table if we wanted.  I understand being swamped but I found this completely ridiculous.  Only half the tables were filled with barely anyone inside and they are swamped?  Seriously?  First it was a Saturday night, second there is a sold out show across the street and they didn't think they were going to have a lot of people?  Third, from a strictly management standpoint why wouldn't you want to make sure that the bar had someone working it from a pure cost stand point a restaurant gets its best return from drink sales, but apparently busing tables is more important.  Completely baffled by the experience.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars now was from a previous experience when the food was so good.llamas, llamas everywhere. i love that every time we return to llama tooth there's usually a new llama :) it makes for a fun game in addition to the delicious food. the crab mac 'n cheese is probably the best thing ever. we get it every single time we're there and it is always delightful. the sweet potato fries are basically big enough to build a potato fort with. i usually get the pulled pork tacos which are very good. i'm never disappointed when i go here. it's like a little secret spot that is always comforting to return to.I have been here many times over the years that I have lived in the neighborhood. When I first moved here and tried this place out, it would have gotten a 5 star review. However, as the years have gone on, the quality of this restaurant has gone from great to hit-or-miss to consistently miss. 
The menu has literally not changed, at all, in the 4 years I've lived in the neighborhood. Daily or even weekly specials aren't offered here either. What's on the menu is what they have and that is it.This is a huge drawback given that there are so many other places within a five block walk that are good quality, offer seasonal menu changes and daily specials as well.
The quality of the food has gone down as well. I am an afficianando of the Pub Burger, which has gone from an eye-wateringly spicy, cheesy, flavorful, delicious burger to a bland, dry, stale burger that's lacking in flavor. 
The quality of service is totally unpredictable too. I have mutliple stories of having to wait over 45 minutes after putting in an order to get my food. The excuses have run the gamut from "we have a new chef" to "we're short staffed" to "our system is acting up". Just one of eachof these instances over the course of 4 years would be fine; it probably wouldn't even register in my memory if that was the case. But each of these have happened multiple times. And it really sucks when you talk up this place to visiting friends or family and you end up having to wait over an hour for food and when the orders do come out, they're wrong. 
Despite all this, the restaurant isn't that far off from being great again. It's still one of the best spots in the city to have a relaxing dinner outside. Their beer selection is extensive, even if mostly everything offered comes out of a bottle. The addidtion of a draught system a couple of years back was a definite plus, but they could probably stand to add more taps. 
Overall, this is a place that has seen better days, and can easily reach those days again if a little more time, attention and love were put in by the owners/management.This review is only for the booze and outdoor space - I have yet to try the food!
I've been here a few times, all of them being to consume some beverages and utilize the fabulous outdoor space.  All of these times were with a running club, and the space certainly lends itself to big groups.  
Adorned with pretty outdoor lights and an outdoor bar, this is one venue that I'm glad is not a "pop-up" one.  The beer selection is a mile long, and they carry local and seasonal brews, which makes me an immediate fan.
My only complaint would be the lack of restroom facilities.  One bathroom just doesn't cut it when there's a massive amount of people.  However, on a regular evening, I'm sure it works just fine.
The area is one of Philly's up-and-coming ones and although I won't go out of my way to go to Llama's Tooth until the area is more "up" and less "coming," I'll gladly go with a big group.  Especially if the Philly weather is being cooperative and I'm craving a delicious brew.It was clean to the eye.  Although the server was in the middle of the dinning room adjusting chair legs, mind you this was a Saturday night at 8pm.  Beer was flat.  I had pulled pork tacos, it was awful.  Pretty much you could have thrown the pulled pork on a bun and it would have been BBQ pork sandwich.  There was soggy rice in the taco as well.  Thinking about it is actually turning my stomach. My gf got a burger, she asked for medium and it came out practically mooing.  So it's ambiance is catchy but I would pass on the pulled pork taco and burger.My son took me to see a concert at the Union Station across the street as a birthday present and we had just spent the afternoon at a beer fest, so we really wanted to get something to eat. After we parked and started walking around we thought "eeewww" Bodegas, take out Chinese, not good. Then we found the Llama's Tooth and had to try it. The place was perfect. We got the cuban and one of the burgers (I forget which one- I think it was the K-Rock)  and had them cut both in two so we could each have some of both sandwiches. As has been mentioned previously, the beer list is excellent for such an out of the way place. The staff was super friendly and very efficient. It was a bit chilly for th patio, but once the weather warms up in the spring, I'd love to try that too. I highly recommend this hidden gem.Great service, reasonable prices. We were seated immediately upon arrival. We ordered the buffalo blue chicken Mac & cheese and pulled pork tacos, which were both delicious, and came out pretty quickly. Good selection of beer. The outdoor seating was also very nice. We'll definitely be back!Great food and super friendly staff. The patio is a great place to sit outside in the summer--they bring TVs out for eagles and phillies games. Good beer selection. Pork mountain and the beer/cheddar fondue and very unique and enjoyable dishes.I went here for dinner with my boyfriend. It was a nice experience. 
He liked his beer, and I enjoyed my sangria. He was okay with the crab cakes, but he wasn't blown away. 
I ordered the pork tacos, and the portions are VERY generous. Three huge soft shell pork tacos, pico de gallo, and sour cream. All pretty tasty. 
Overall, a nice restaurant! There were a few things I didn't like so much though... 
Indoor seating is tight. All the tables are very close together. It's a very small dining room. Also, there's no greeting station. When my boyfriend and I came in we felt like we walked into a party where we didn't know anyone. 
We just stood in the dining room looking around until a waitress came out, and sat us at a table. A little awkward, but I suggest you check it out! Go with an appetite!
Oh! Before I forget. 
Outdoor seating looks magical! I can't wait to go back in warmer weather. The twinkle lights, the garden, the mural... It's beautiful.Wow is all I have to say and its not a good wow.  It took 45 Min to get our food and it came out overcooked!  Needless.to.say we.ended up at McDonald's after a long hour of waiting and disappointment.  We did receive a drink on the house due to the wait, but we received a ton of excuses as well.
Unfortunate. we won't be returning anytime soon, there are far too many great restaurants in Philly that do know how to handle a full seating and delivering great food.Brian Jerome makes the bleu cheese here. He made the recipe. He loves hot dogs.A bunch of friends and myself (14 total) came into the restaurant with no reservation on Sunday 1/7 for lunch with no reservation. The staff was super accommodating to us and had no problem pushing together tables for us to enjoy lunch together. Since we had come from a sporting event, we were all exhausted and able to relax. The server even asked us if we would like separate checks. I would put her name in here but I do not remember it since we were all tired from playing all day. We will definitely return in the future. Also, love the decor!Visiting Philadelphia for a concert, stumbled upon Llama Tooth. It's super cute. We had a beautiful day for October, so we sat in the beer garden. The ambiance was really nice and relaxing. We both ate the buffalo blue chicken mac n' cheese! It was amazing. Happy hour drinks were delicious with an extensive beer menu. It was the perfect place to stop for a bite to eat. Our server Sabrina was really sweet! Everything was awesome! Thank you! :)Cool spot.  I've only had beers here once so can't vouch for the food, but the outdoor patio is fun and happy.  Plus they offered a free beer when Fishtown Beer Runners came here the other week (something not all bars do) - can't complain!Great food.  Great beer selection.  Great service.  Right across the street from Union Transfer.I dug this place. It has kind of a beachy feel. I also love outdoor drinking, and urban garden type places. So, yeah. 
They have a pretty good beer selection here, though they don't have taps. No problems, though.
Service was a little slow when I went, but that's because it was a nice day and there only seemed to be two servers working for all the tables inside and out.
Food was alright too. Had a bite of burger, and my own chicken pot pie. When was the last time I had chicken pot pie? I have no idea, but I have to get it more often.
I will definitely come back on a nice day if I'm in the area.How have I never been to Llama Tooth before? I kid you not, I was kind of obsessed with llamas in middle school. The inside of the restaurant has all sorts of pictures and paintings with llamas. So cute! But to be honest, you don't go to Llama Tooth to sit inside. They have this fab courtyard right off of Spring Garden Street. 
I was really impressed by the bottled beer list. They have so many offerings it's really hard to decide. Luckily, the server was super patient and helpful in the beer selection process. 
I went for brunch and got the best of both worlds of breakfast and lunch with the Wakey Wakey Burger. I was even able to make some made-for-Michelle substitutions. Rather than cheddar, I got goat cheese. I also ordered jalapenos to top it all off.
The burger was huge and really messy to eat. I never had that full bite of everything. It was more a cured bacon than a traditional breakfast bacon. All of the fixings never quite meshed with each other. The breakfast potatoes were crispy and tasty. It wasn't bad, but I probably wouldn't get the burger again. 
So aside from not absolutely loving the burger, the atmosphere was cute, the beer list was fab and the service was great. All and all, I'm a fan.First off kudos to the chefs....very nice, vibrant flavors in the dishes. Picture a typical Philadelphia block of buildings...and remove a building...you have room for a nice outside patio filled with beautiful paintings surrounded by glass tables with umbrellas (definitely a place to be dining during the summer-early spring weather. The menu has a variety of flavors from different profiles. Salads, very un-typical in ingredients to pure southern pulled pork on burgers? How can that not be good? I had a vegetarian meal there a delicious beet salad followed by mixed mushroom mac n cheese. 1/4 of my sisters medium cooked steak...also very good (minus the cheese over top), pulled pork taco. Mmmm craft beer to wash it down with? Yes please!! Overall the environment...fellow Phillidelphians, food and overall service from servers to chefs it is a pleasurable place to dine in before any social event.Went here for brunch. We sat outside because the indoor had no AC. The menu is pretty small. But the beer menu is pretty extensive.  As for the food, I wasnt inpressed.Imagine a hipster NoLibs restaurant that photo-shopped famous paintings with LLama heads for faces. 
Welcome to Llama tooth! 
Right across the street from Union Transfer Concert Venue, this restaurant has become a tradition for me and my friends to grab a light dinner before a show! They always let you use their bathroom too even if you're not getting food, which is incredibly human and admirable. 
They have a huge outdoor seating area as well with lights strung up between the two buildings next door. Both with huge colorful murals that look beautiful on summer nights! 
Food wise I have no complaints, Tacos and great beer list makes for one happy girl :)This place is great; I went here for dinner on a mild summer night. The outdoor patio is huge and bordered by 2 buildings with pretty murals. Also, the buildings provide shade which is a huge plus for summer time meals. They had a flat screen TV outside to watch the Phillies game on, and then put music on when the game was over.
I got the Lamb burger and it was pretty good. The sauce (sweet soy glaze) was a little too sweet, but the spicy slaw on it was outrageously good. I would have been happy with that alone. Crunchy, spicy, vinegary. mmmmmm. I also had the crab mac n' cheese, which was nice because it was lighter the your traditional mac n' cheese. It really let the flavor of the crab come through.  
The service was slow, but I think it was just the owners serving, waiting, pouring water, fetching beer. I wasn't upset. The server was also one of the most polite, pleasant people I have come across in a long time. I would definitely go back to try some of the other food they have to offer. Rumor has it they are open for brunch too!
*Also, had a bite of the B4 burger...and it was excellent. Well-seasoned burger, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, and blue cheese on a toasted brioche bun.
**Beware, if the mosquitoes like you, run away. I got 6 bug-bites when I was there. In dire need of citronella candles or something.Based on the lackluster reviews from last year, Llama Tooth must have really gotten their act together because I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this place.
Met my friend and her husband here last night for some dinner before heading to Trestle Inn down the street. We made reservations (Saturday night) which was a good idea because it got pretty packed right after we arrived (but then immediately cleared out around the same time...I guess everyone had the same pre-bar dinner idea that we did). The patio wasn't open because it was snowing (clearly). 
They had a fairly extensive beer list which surprised for a place to small place. Craft beers and your standards for the less adventurous person. We ordered the mushroom bruschetta for the table and it was delicious, but not the highlight of the meal. That's not because there was anything wrong with it, it's just that what came next was absolutely so dreamy.
I'm a HUGE mac and cheese fan. It's my favorite food hands down. I'm always on the quest to find the next best mac & cheese in the city. Llama Tooth has just taken that spot in my heart. They have several phenomenally delicious types of off beat mac & cheese dishes. We got the mushroom truffle and the buffalo chicken. Wowza! This stuff is gooooood! I love anything with truffle in it, but the buffalo chicken mac and cheese took the dish to an entirely other level that I never imagined I could go to with mac and cheese.
Other than the food, the environment was cozy and delightful. Service was attentive (my only criticism of the whole experience was that service was maybe TOO attentive, but I'll take that over ignoring us any day) and pleasant. I can not wait to come back here to enjoy the patio outside. I may even have to order up some of the mac and cheese for take out sometime.I had such high hopes for Llama Tooth! The outside looks so whimsical and fun, so I was surprised when the inside didn't meet it's colorful outside facade. The food was lackluster.
The beer list was impressive, and they list all the scores each one got from some beer expert magazine, which is interesting. I would say the beer list is the best thing about this place. If you are just going for a drink, especially when it's nice and you can sit in the outside patio, this would be a good choice.
If you're going to eat, though, you can get better food elsewhere. 
I had the chicken gyro, which tasted nothing like a gyro. It was overloaded with veggies which got in the way, and the flavor was strange. I didn't enjoy it.
My side salad was good, though, and my friends enjoyed their beet salads.
We all also split the sweet potato fries. I love sweet potato fries but I didn't really like these. They were large chunks of sweet potato--almost like potato wedges, and served with a sweet cinnamon/cream cheesy dip. It felt like dessert, but we ordered them to be an appetizer. Maybe it would be good if you were ready for the sweet-ness, but I just wasn't. I'd much rather have sweet potato fries and a chipotle-type dipping sauce from, say, Sketch Burger or Bobby's Burger Palace (SO GOOD). These were disappointing.
Sorry Llama Tooth! I wanted so badly to like you!Llama Tooth, I wanted to like you, I really did.
You are 2 blocks from my apartment, and have an adorably intriguing outdoor space. You also have amusing pictures of llamas.   
But then you charged me $6 for a watered down cranberry and vodka in a tiny plastic cup.  
I hope you get your act together, so we can be friends someday.Very quiet Sunday night! Are waitress was very nice and the beer menu was extensive (all bottles)! Not a very big menu but makes it easier to decided on what to have!! The crab cakes we fabulous, as was the BBQ pulled pork make and cheese! Loved the presentation of everything as it come out! I tend to enjoy how places present their food, it's a craft! The restaurant was very clean, llamas everywhere! This place is definitely worth a shot!We came here a few times - the first for a drink special which we enjoyed very much - and then two times after that for food, which left us very disappointed. The service was terribly slow and the servers were incredibly awkward. The burgers were great, but the chicken gyro was small and the pulled pork tasted like reheated leftovers. It's unfortunate that a place with such a cool outdoor space has such poor service.We went here for my friend's birthday. The staff was SO awesome. They gave us our own drink specials, brought us extra heat lamps, and were just super friendly. They also have a really great beer selection and a great outdoor space!Really wanted to like this place, but it was just a huge miss on the food even though the people were great.  
I would still recommend going there for drinks before a show or otherwise.  I hope they eventually get the food right but for now its barely a 3 for food.  The service and people were the only thing that pushed this from 2 -  3 stars.This place has a great casual and comfortable environment. My boyfriend and I have stopped here on various occasions prior to shows at the Union Transfer across the street. The restaurant is in a prime location, and their food definitely does not disappoint. Their beer list is pretty impressive, as well. Our last visit was when they had freshened their landscaping for spring. Not a good time to visit, as the entire place smelled of manure...not pleasant when you're trying to enjoy a meal.This place is super hipster, so just be prepared. I ordered fried pickles, which got to be overwhelming, sweet potato friends (which were more like sweet potatoes cut into quarters, very fresh and different!), mac and cheese which wasn't anything to go out of your way for. My boyfriend didn't enjoy his burger either. All in all, it's okay and an interesting experience, but expensive for the quality.This place gets a 4 for food, but a 5 for atmosphere. I loved dining outdoors - it's a cute garden with colorful murals painted on the side of the adjacent buildings. Very upbeat and cheerful spot to eat! And we had a nice mild night but they had warmers out there for cooler nights. 
We ordered the eggplant fries with aioli (amazing!!), crab mac&cheese and the k-rock burger (burger with pulled pork on top). Portions were on the small side but decent. The Mac & cheese was good, but the burger stole the show. it was awesome! messy & juicy & cooked just right. French fries were Crunchy and had a good flavor. A lot of beers to choose from as well - would definitely go back!Best Mac N cheese in town. AMAZING service, food, craft beer list. Great outdoor ambiance for warm weather and cozy nook inside filled with llamas and love!Our new favorite brunch spot! Llama Tooth has an excellent outdoor patio for the summer months. Menu is a bit limited, but everything on it is great. Solid beer list too. 
For a casual restaurant, the servers are very attentive. Every time we've been here they've been totally on the ball, and super friendly too. 
Lastly, I have to say, the MUSHROOM TRUFFLE MAC 'N CHEESE is my and my wife's single favorite dish anywhere in Philadelphia. Seriously. We've come back a couple times now, just for that. Highly recommend!I found llama tooth completely by accident. I was lured in because of the awesome outside seating area. There's a painting outside on the walls which would remind you of the West Indies, with nice subtle lighting. I came here to have a drink and I decided on the painkiller which was pretty delicious -- I ordered more than one. It was quiet and empty when I went but it's right across from Union Transfer so I can imagine they have a nice crowd coming in every now and then. I would definitely return again and have a meal next time -- the food looks great !I've been driving by this place since it opened, and have always been curious. I finally went there for brunch yesterday and I'm so sad I waited this long! 
If I could go back in time I would have spent the summer here. It was a 70 degree day in the middle of October so we sat outside to eat. The ambiance was perfect. There were groups of friends, couples, and even some dogs and children. 
We sipped coffee and enjoyed the sunshine and music playing. We ordered the standard breakfast (eggs, toast, potatoes, and bacon), the crab mac and cheese, and the Asian salad. It was all delicious! Next time I plan on trying the beer and blue fondue for two! 
I've had a lot of mac and cheese, and most of it tends to be too heavy, too salty, or too watery. The crab mac and cheese was a great blend of favors, with big chunks of crab meat in it. 
I will be going back and bringing friends!Been wanting to try Llama since I noticed it last year. I was not expecting such a good experience due to some of the negative reviews - but we were going to a show at Union Transfer across the street and thought this was the perfect time to try it.
The place was pack when we walked in at 6:30, but there was our reserved table waiting for the four of us. Service was extremely pleasant and efficient. We all had burgers and they were way above average. Really decent burgers - and they were cooked perfectly to each temp requested. The fries were very good too, although I thought the portion was a little skimpy. Good pickles too! The crab mac and cheese was decadent and delicious.  Also the Lamarita cocktails were decent too.
All in all, a very nice meal with great service - especially since the place was packed. They definitely had their act together when we were there. Definitely want to go back when the huge outdoor space is open with the warm weather approaching. 
My only issue is I called to make a reservation around noon on that day - and I left a message, but didn't get a return phone call. So I called again around 4pm, and made the reservation. No biggie, I'm sure they were busy gearing up for a busy show night - but a return call would have been nice.Llama Tooth is my spirit animal's restaurant. I love everything about this place and simply just wish their food menu was a teeny bit bigger. The beer menu is stellar and the decor is cozy, as it is surrounded by awful art bombarded with llama inserts. My heart soars every time I come here.
Also, Anna is a fabulous waitress. That's also a huge reason why we return. She is helpful, fun, and super personable. I look forward to coming here in the summer to sit outside in their patio area.I don't agree with any of the bad reviews! I've been to Llama Tooth twice, and it's been a marvelous experience every time. Their food is absolutely AMAZING. The eggplant fries are great. Today, I got a B4 Burger. My friends got every type of mac-and-cheese and the stuffed french toast with peanut butter. Couldn't complain at all! I love the friendly atmosphere. The owners are absolutely adorable and so funny. I enjoy the emails as well. I thought the place was so fun. 
Thank you so much for the great experience, Llama Tooth :)Waitress was really sweet but seriously do not order food here. Drinks are good. Food was disgusting. Burger tasted like old meat, was luke warm, and covered in a smokey flavor to cover the taste of rotten meat. Ew. Sorry.Great place! Good ambiance and comfy chairs....polite staff and family owned....the father was very attentive and his son knew just the perfect beer for my taste (awesome list of brews) the burger was good as was everything about the visit!The wife and I came here for Sunday brunch after we were ditched by the kids. So it was exploration time for the grownups and this was a place we had been eying for a while.  The space was small and homey with nice chair rails and fixtures accentuating the living room-like decor,  although the color scheme was not exactly a show case home choice.  Aside from a table of 6, we were the only ones there.  No servers were in sight, so after a minute of awkward waiting, I walked into the nook in back where the bar was and caught the attention of the lone server.  He apologized and seated us right away.  
That lone server, as we found out later, was a owner's father, filling in.  He was nice enough and accommodated all of our requests.  The kitchen was somewhat slow given the small crowd, but it was not unreasonable.  
My Seared Ahi Tuna BLT was average.  Two thinnish slices of rare (as requested) fish topped arugula and pale super market grade slices of tomato sandwiched by warmed pita.  The flavors were bland even with the basil mayo.  The accompanying diced roasted potatoes were tasty and crisp.  My wife's intriguing Burger Benedict was two poached eggs (one runny, one not) on top of two small freshly made burger patties (requested medium rare, got medium well), arugula and brioche, all smothered by a hollandaise sauce with a slight horseradish kick.  I liked this slightly better that the Tuna BLT and filled the tummy pretty quickly.
While not on the brunch menu, the kitchen was nice enough to make the eggplant fries that was on the regular menu.  This was fabulous: delicately crisp on the outside and sublimely moist and tender on the inside.  The dipping mayo was pleasant enough, but could have been more assertive.  We would go back for this.
The coffee they served was nice, not the typical La Colombe or Stumptown that gets served around here, but was smooth and had an intriguing citrus-like finish.
With the homey service and potentially decent food, what's not to like?  Will like to return to explore some moreI've always been curious about llama tooth when I pass it driving on spring garden or coming out of a concert at Union transfer. Finally had an opportunity to come through. Had a great time here at Llama tooth.  The eggplant fries are really tasty!  They almost look like a bread stick at real quick glance.  I had the pork sliders...and the sangria was definitely smooth!  I was able to sit outdoors as the weather cooperated this particular day. Will come back again as I was told their brunch menu is quite nice too!....I can't wait to come back here!  The service was attentive and friendly.  The food was soooo good!  I am not a fan of blue cheese normally, but that bruschetta was some seriously well-balanced deliciousiosity!  The crab mac and cheese was delectable, and the white sangria was great!
I wish I lived closer to spring garden, because I would do take out constantly.
P.S...after your meal check out Union Transfer across the street for some great live music...I hope both the business' continue to thrive:)This is a good place to grab a bite prior to a show at UT across the street.  They have decent Happy Hour specials to help set the tone of the night.  They also have a solid offering of comfort food by way of specialty burgers and mac & cheese.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was quite filling.We've been fans of Llama Tooth since they opened back in 2010. We love hanging out in the colorful courtyard, by the tiki bar and cd sculpture fish. Back there you'll hear reggae music and pups playing as it's dog friendly. Super chill environment and where we go when we just want to kick back with a drink and nosh outside in relaxed atmosphere and not have to worry about rushing because some one is waiting for our table. We come when we don't want to fight for parking and know there will always be a table which is usually the case here. 
The beer list pretty fantastic and very extensive!! Red, whites, margs and a couple of cocktails too, but if I'm going a route other then beer here, I stick with house sangria. Sometimes we get a pitcher for the table. 
The menu changes which can be a good thing if you're a regular and want to keep things fresh, but also a tad disappointing if you're a fan of a certain dish you look forward to having. For us that plate is definitely the eggplant fries, which by the way are vegan. They are insane! If you're lucky enough to be here when they have them on the menu, get some to split! So delish!!! A must!
My go-to is the Asian salad which has crunchy carrots, wonton crisps and a balsamic drizzle. So good and light, yet filling. Hubs grabs a burger or Cuban sammy and some beer and bleu cheese fondue. Crab mac seems to be a fan favorite with our extended crew also. 
They serve brunch as well as lunch and dinner. The menu adds egg dishes and French toast options and such for brunch, but we mainly come for lunch and dinner, and strictly when the weather is nice to sit outdoors. Nothing wrong with the inside, it's just that courtyard to us is a huge draw and great for when we have the kiddos who wander about and play freely. 
It's located directed across from Union Transfer making for a great pre or post show hang. 
Fun fact: Mike Gordon from Phish dined her after his solo show across the street. 
If you're in the area and haven't been, I say definitely try it, especially if you're a beer aficionado and definitely when the courtyard is open.
*Old photos did not sync.Can't comment on the food because we didn't even get a table. Went with 4 other people, stood around for a while before grabbing a passing waiter, and asked if we could sit down at one of the several empty tables. He said we could not because there was a group of 20 waiting to be seated. Seeing as how the available tables were all over the outdoor space, I was interested to see how they would put them together for this group. The waiter then told us we could go to the bar and wait until they figured out the table situation, but warned that even if we got a table, it would be a "very, very long wait" for food.
So we go to the bar. Let's just say all they have are a few bottles of beer and random pre-mixed drinks. My boyfriend asked for a Jack and ginger, to which the bartender replied that they didn't have Jack Daniels OR ginger ale...
After waiting for about 30 mins. at the bar (during which I went to the restroom inside and while waiting, a waitress gave me a look and asked what I was doing) we left and went to Silk City. Never did see them finish putting together all the tables for the group of 20. Probably didn't help that they were trying to connect small tables with giant umbrellas still open.The Patio makes this place.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
Crab Mac would be "Best of Philly" if I was to choose.
The Java Steak is a very tender filet mignon cooked to perfection.
I was thoroughly satisfied.Greeted as I walked through the bamboo gates, this little oasis of outside seating spills away from you.  Charming tables illuminated by candles and strings of overhead Christmas lights. 
The temperature was 85* and falling, the breeze sifted through the patio.  Quite comfortable.  The refreshing Llamarita was tasty, a margarita with OJ instead and a dash of nutmeg.  I had several, quite refreshing. 
The cheese board was proportioned well.  A blackberry, olive tempanade, crusty bread was one of the items.  My Java Filet was ordered rare, and served bloody!  Ha, ha, just as I ordered.  Perfect...
Only negative was the dinners were brought out too soon.  I was with a friend talking, drinking and eating the large cheese tray, they should have waited to fire the dinners.  Checked on several times during dinner, there where no complaints to voice.  At the end of the meal, the dinner plates should have been prebussed sooner, but not a big deal.
The outside dining makes this place.  The inside is stuck in the 80's, sterile, not coming close to the outside.
As it happens, the owner was there and I struck a conversation.  They are thinking of adding a bar area, this would be a nice addition for when the weather turns or while waiting for a table.  They have a full liquor license.  I mentioned it might not be a bad idea to remodel the dining room at the same time.  Hope he does because it needs help.
Menu was small, not as many entrees as I'd hoped, seemed to have more sandwiches and salads but the features page added some to it.  This is fine if the menu changes frequently.  I don't know if it does, this was my first visit.  I'd add some more entrees and appetizers and have more of a dinner menu.
The owner and every person I came into contact with where very nice and helpful and seemed to care.  Can't ask for much more.I went here with the boyfriend after he enjoyed a nice after work visit with another friend.  We usually don't sit outdoors, but that's mainly a distaste for sidewalk seating, so the sideyard patio is a huge plus.  They do need some kind of insect-control.  
I recommend ordering the sangria here very soon before they realize that their glass is way too big for the price, and could serve it in a glass half the size without a problem.
I ordered the tofu burger off of the special menu, which was interesting.  I ordered it without cheese or mayo, which wasn't needed anyway because the burger is very moist.  The only downfall is that the burger isn't the same consistency throughout, so once you take a bite, the tofu can slide out of the fried shell that surrounds it (don't know how to describe it...) if you're not careful.  BUT, all the flavors were good.  It would have made an excellent tofu scramble, just maybe not the best burger substitute.
Also, we forgot to order eggplant fries at the beginning, and the waiter brought out an order on the house for us to try!  They are awesome huge steak fries sized slices of eggplant.  So juicy and yummy.
They will get better, as the service was a bit awkward, but genuine.Great spot! Went for brunch when other places were completely packed. Got right in with a party of seven. Buffalo chicken mac and cheese was amazing! Also had the wakey wakey burger, very good. In addition to good food, atmosphere was very chill. Excellent beer list too.