I don't have high expectations for airport bars.  The drinks are usually overpriced by a ton.  So I didn't go into this thinking I would get the best drinks ever.  However, this place isn't good even on a curve.
We have 5 hours to kill so I ordered Bloody Mary cocktails with Tito's vodka for me and my dad.  The mix was not as good as the mix used on the flight...which should tell you something.  My dad compared the flavor to a rusty nail.  Mind you we LOVE Bloody Mary cocktails.  We ordered another and changed the liquor to Bombay Sapphire just in case the blend of the vodka with the mix was the issue.  Nope.  I gave up on getting a decent Bloody Mary so I switched to the Seasonal Smash because the Bloody Mary experience was not a good one.  The Seasonal Smash is Patron with muddled fruit and simple syrup.  It was incredibly sweet without a hint of Patron in it.  I love Patron.  It is smooth but you can still catch the flavor.  Not there at all.  It was like drinking simple syrup.  (Not recommended)
Not much to say about the service because you use the ordering system off an iPad.  The staff brings the order and keeps moving on.  I had a large breakfast so I didn't order the food.
I fly to Philly occasionally for work so I am always on the lookout for different places.  This will not be a future stop.Nice place to sit and chill, but food is overpriced.  I had a breakfast sandwich which was not that great.Great drink selection. Poor service. You order through an iPad, no problem. But then the bartenders never check on you to make sure everything is okay. They just stand in a group behind the bar complaining loudly about their problems and how they aren't getting enough tips. Maybe smile and ask your guests if they need anything?Nice looking joint with TONS of options and a full bar. Their schtick is that you order using an iPad. Their only drawback is tipping BEFORE being served, but the staff is pretty cool overall. Definitely a good stop while waiting for a flight. I'd eat here over and over.This is a big no. The servers were nice but in my opinion the concept just doesn't work. You order on an iPad. You pay tip upfront. I didn't see them clean the iPads the entire time I was there. Food was forgettable. I gotta believe it won't be here long.Ditch the iPad gimmick and try talking to your customers. Or at least making eye contact. After tapping my way to a Lagunitas IPA (five minutes to tap, 30 seconds to pour) and pre-paying (including predicting tip percentage before ever meeting a server), I was hoping for a glass of water. Three attempts to make eye contact w the bartenders failed. They are too busy staring at screens on the other side of the bar. Finally a customer next to me took pity on my and yelled to get someone's attention. When I asked, jokingly, what does a person have to click on to get a glass of water around here, I got the non-ironic reply, "the needs assistance icon".
I'll be back when the bartenders figure out how to assist someone without an electronic device.iPads were a cool idea until it became apparent there was 0 management.  Food never arrived...Local is a solid 3 and a nice addition to the misfit toy known as Terminal F.  Like previous Yelpers have mentioned...you place your order via IPAD at each station.  The drinks come out lightening quick, but the food does take about 15 minutes so plan accordingly.
I got the G Cheese Sandwich.  A lot of bread and not a lot of cheese.  It sounded similar to the breakfast sandwich a previous Yelper mentioned.  I saw a lot of good options coming out of the kitchen so will definitely try the food again.
Nice spacious seating where you can relax and plenty of plugins to charge your gear.  You don't feel crowded here and that's a plus.  I guess it's more on the expensive side, but if that bothers you there are plenty of other dash and go options near by.This is a good place for a quick lunch if you are flying out of terminal F.  The food is very pricy for what it is.  However, the salad features fresh vegetables and the green goddess dressing is good, but I ask for blu cheese which I like better and they are accommodating.   The menu seems to have a good selection of wine and the like, but I usually have unsweetened iced tea when I am traveling.
The bottom line is this is a fine place to eat if you have a plane to catch.  If it was not at the airport, I probably would not eat here.  However for an airport restaurant it is more than a solid choice.Cool iPad ordering but you don't necessarily get what you order. Food is overpriced and only so-so... You pay and tip 18% upfront so don't expect great service... Still waiting for a coffee refill.Ok, I would give it NO stars if I could.  I wanted to try it, sit and have a beer in a nice atmosphere, soak it up.  But the learning curve (for their ordering system, not the iPad) was too long, I didn't like the prepay your tip part, and I was busy tapping on my phone which I can do AND order a beer at other places.  A nice server quickly showed me the ropes, but i was not convinced.  After 5 minutes of chatting with my brother and a co-worker (on my phone) I walked next door and had a beer in under 60 seconds.  Plus i was able to continue my conversations!  Want a beer?  go someplace else.  Wanna be hip?  You'd better get there quick.  At the rate they are going they'll be gone in a flash.  Suggestion to the owners:  Its a no brainer, lose the gimmicks.  its not "cool" or effective, only lame. Case in point, I spent my $$ elsewhere!I loved the decor and convenience of this place. Using the iPads to order and play around is cool. My one complaint, and why this isn't five stars, is because I ordered "Salt & Pepper Brussell Sprouts" and they were very sweet - not what I wanted at all. I almost sent them back. Their iPad menu should be updated to reflect accurate food options.Misnomer! If this place is supposed to feature local specialties or locally-sourced stuff it is impossible to tell. Their ordering system seems high-tech but is unmonitored and inefficient. The $10 breakfast sandwich I had was completely lackluster on an unlubricated bun and consisted of eggs and low-quality cheddar cheese. And home fries were something that appeared to be pre-made and deep fried with no veggie component. Worthless.Do you like a flickering (with ads) iPad in front of you while eating? And an ordering system that automatically 'upgraded' your glass of wine (and its price! ) to 1.5 glasses? And aggressive music blasting at you from the ceiling? Then this place is for you! Food is ok, not great.Interesting concept with lots of ipads everywhere to order and pay. Missing the attentive service part but very high tech. I ordered the special which was steamed mussels in white wine. Seemed a little overpriced for the amount of food I got, but it was okay. The bread that came with it was a little too crunchy for my liking.Thanks iPad for taking my order and being pre set for an 18% gratuity that I almost missed. I'm so glad I could watch what I consider bussers, (because servers actually interact with the patrons) talk about B.S. while I awaited my gristle bound burger. 
I'm pretty sure half the fast food joints in ole terminal Eff will give me stroke but I'm willing to wager the people still do more than chase receipts. 
Maybe a conveyor belt out of the kitchen will work better and you just place a security guard out here to scare away any airport tomfoolery. 
2 of 5, would not bang.First impression was terrible.  Order you food on a tabletop ipad.  Waitress very snooty when we asked for directions.  Then...the bill was $48 for two bacon cheeseburgers, fries and bottled water.  Upcharge for each item on burger.... $3 for bacon, $1 for tomatoe-1 slice and !1 for lettuce.  Very expensive. 
Food was good but not worth the  cost.
Expected tip during order/pay process. . How can I calculate tip based on experience  before I receive service or food.don't be fool by the name.  this place is good when comparing it to airport food but this is not a good, local food experience.  the food is still thrown together quickly and is basically airport quality.  my Manhattan was made wrong.  it had carbonation in it and the bartender demanded that it was correct.  my wife's burger came out with the wrong toppings. we should have saved the money and eaten at Chipolte or Tony Lukes which is right next door.Ideal eatery when waiting for your flight or if your bumped. Order food and drinks on iPads supplied which also give free browsing and your flight updates
 Good choice of food cooked at the bar. My rib eye with provolone and aioli and fried was excellent. Good wine selection. Easy to chat to fellow travellers if you want to and watch the world going by.I got diverted through PHL and had a couple hours to kill so stopped here and had an excellent house made veggie burger and glass of wine before I proceeded to my gate. 
Half an hour later, I felt a tap on my shoulder and when I turned around it was a gentleman from the Local (manager maybe?) with my Ray-Bans in his hand. I had NO idea they'd fallen out of my bag. I am sorry I didn't catch his name. He very clearly went above and beyond to track me down and I am so grateful for that.  
If I ever pass through PHL again, I'll come right back to the Local."Are you open?" I asked the young lady adjusting napkins on the bar. "No, not until 5:30," she replied. I checked the time (5:19 AM) and said, "oh only 10 minutes, great." "You can wait at the food court," she said, motioning across the giant hallway. "I can't wait here 10 minutes?" "You can wait at the food court." I was too tired & hungry for this; I'll spend my money elsewhere, and I said as much. She didn't care. LeBus it is.I so wanted to like this place. But it fell so very flat. You order via iPad -- which automatically adds 18% tip by default, unless you change it. Before you get any service you are expected to tip. They email you your receipt. Minimal human interaction. I ordered the "special" pork belly sandwich, a beer, and an order of duck fries with cheese sauce. The beer was good. The sandwich came with fries -- even though there was no mention of fries on the iPad when I ordered it, nor any fries in the picture of the sandwich. So I wasted $7 on fries I didn't want or finish. The fries were pretty good, and I did taste a difference from the duck fat. But the sandwich was awful. The pork belly was 35% fat and gristle, and didn't taste marinated at all. And it was supposed to have fried onions on it, which it didn't.  For something like $14 it totally sucked. Needs to be removed from the menu. And the "surf the web for free!" iPads were another fail. I tried looking up a review on Yelp and wound up redirected to a Tums ad that I couldn't bypass. Found something else to read and after about 2 minutes of idle time the iPad decided I had walked away and reverted to the home page. Totally shity experience. Oh, and a cute cashier girl behind the counter kept telling the line cook who was flirting with her "you so nasty!  You disgusting!"  Just what I like to hear when I'm eating.  Other than that, she was bored out of her head, doodling on napkins... because you swipe your credit card at the iPad station that is in front of every seat.  Very rare than a cashier is needed at all, considering paper receipts aren't even provided.  Poor thing was bored out of her mind... but obviously had no clue that loudly saying "you so NASTY!" to the person preparing my food wasn't exactly conducive to a pleasant dining experience.
Won't be back. EVER.  Gratz on earning one of my exceedingly rare 1-star reviews.
*edit* I didn't check the Yelp reviews before eating at this place because the "free internet" in Terminal F shit the bed and I couldn't even connect to Yelp via 3G on my iPhone for some reason.  It's good to see that every other review of this place reinforces my opinion that it sucks rancid donkey dongs.  What a shame.  Somebody had an artistic vision when setting up this business but the execution is a case study in absurdly fucked up.  I don't think I've ever been more disappointed with a restaurant, in part because it looked so promising when I walked up to it, saw all the beer taps, and read the menu.  What a huge failure.If you want a sit down restaurant and have time, walk to another section of the airport. The ordering system is problematic and required special help after they did have the bear I wanted. We ordered Brussel sprouts and Caesar salad. The Brussel sprouts were good, but the salad was really sad.I feel bad for the negative experiences that these other reviewers had, but I can't say it was the same for me. 
the service: I thought the service here was great. I actually prefer it when the servers don't bug you for every little thing and dislike when they show up constantly, trying to get me to talk when I have food in my mouth. And being at the airport, I like to efficiently finish my meal so I can get on my way. That being said, I thought the servers here were just fine. About halfway through my breakfast my server came over to check on me. Perfect timing for a coffee refill and in-between bites so that I could actually respond without sign language. I didn't need to get the server's attention at all actually, because everything I needed was already handled when the food was brought over (had enough butter, ketchup, and napkins). When I was close to finishing, the server came over again and asked if I needed anything else. I said no, everything was great, and I was on my way and at my gate with time to spare.
the food: I ordered a custom omelet with all the free vegetables ($10) and added cheddar cheese ($1). It was so tasty! I appreciated the use of real, identifiable vegetables and not colored chunks of ???. I especially enjoyed the thickly sliced baby portabella mushrooms and cheddar cheese. The potatoes were also good. They were simple (without fixins, which I usually like with my potatoes) and seemed pre-cut, but they were cooked nicely, crispy without being too greasy. The coffee was good, hot, flavorful and un-burnt. I wish it wasn't so early, otherwise I would've also ordered a beer. I really like the selection of local beers (philly for life!)
overall, great experience. I was a little intimidated at first because the place looks kinda fancy (aka expensive and would take a long time with table service) but I thought the ipads expedited ordering and I didn't break the bank having breakfast. my advice is to give it a try!While I appreciate this trendy concept I do not like it. It discourages the staff from interacting with you and discussing the local food (that being their concept). There is also no acknowledgment that your order has been placed. If I have to do most of the work how do I tip?
I just received my bill and they automatically add 18% tip!  I will generously tip for good service but this is outrageous !If you want a good breakfast, do NOT come here! The coffee was terrible, and the steel cut oatmeal was tasteless. Don't be fooled by the "maple syrup"; it's Aunt Jemima's. The bacon and eggs were fine. Internet is limited to their choices. Music was too loud and repetitive.I'm sitting here as I write this. The food was better than you find at almost any airport. The beer selection, outstanding.
Here's the deal. I'm looking at 6 employees standing in the corner "with nothing to do" or at least they seem to think so. If I want something to eat or another drink, get out the card and swipe it again... really? What are those 6 people doing?
The iPad's are cool, but everyone knows that already. They don't replace good customer service.
I'd suggest they add a printer at each seat and let go 20% of their staff. I can get my bill that way and they can lower their prices and be more competitive.
I've seen several reviews before I wrote this one and I concur.
Weird... Impersonal service at it's best!
A dream unfulfilled.I stopped in here to grab lunch before my flight. I had great service. You can order from your table, keep up with your flight, and pretty much do what you need to do while waiting. 
My meal was good. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with Provolone and fries. It was a large portion. Not a bad sandwich at all for airport food. Good menu and drink selection. Give it a try.Great experience all around! Waitress was super nice and helpful with showing us how to order.  You get to use the iPad for the internet after ordering which was nice.  A little pricy for airport food, but then again it's much better than the usual fare.  Philly cheesesteak, duck fat fries, and a bay breeze to drink. Yum!  Tons of beers on tap, too.  Definitely worth a stop if you are in Terminal F.  Not sure if they have others around the airport.Horrible service Bartender was absolutely FOUL, Swearing calling guests B#$ches. Not to mention Way over priced especially for an airport. Food was average at best.First thing's first - remember we're talking about airport food: over priced & slightly on the mediocre side of things.
The review: I had a looong layover on a Saturday night. This spot was fairly busy. The staff was pretty busy, but one of them stopped to explain the iPad ordering system, another flipped the Flyers game on at my request, and two others stopped to make brief small talk. 
The food was as good as it gets for dine in airport food. Totally palatable, kinda pricey. 
I'd go back.I am so impressed. I think this place makes up for the fact that Terminal F feels like the abandoned child of PHL airport. 
So I'll call it "individual" seating (in contrast to 2- and 4-top tables where single travelers feel very singled out) where you feel totally in your own space when you sit. Not because it's enclosed or anything but most people are here doing their own thing and there's a clever - and sufficient - separation between you and your neighbors. 
You sit, order through the tablet, swipe your card on the card reader (pay or start a tab), recharge your phone in one of the outlets, read some news or play games via tablet apps, and voila. Your drink shows up within minutes and food shortly thereafter. 
This is an introvert and/or workaholics's dream. You're left alone, extremely minimal direct human contact and your in a cocoon of yourself.. or whatever. It's great. I can see how it might not be so great if you're traveling with others because you have to first find a spot where you can sit together and then look across the tablets to have a conversation. 
Food is good!!! I had the cheesesteak and i prefer the roach-coach style vs Tony Luke's pale meat. HUGE and delicious. 
Service, for minimal contact, is excellent. Quick, precise, to the point. 
My tablet kept crashing tho trying to read USA Today but maybe it's because I was trying to read Caucus results and it hated me for it.Mediocre at best. You'd think that by using iPads to order (a bit confusing at first) to minimize their operating costs with fewer waitresses they'd put the savings towards food and prep quality. Breakfast arrived as room temp.  eggs over cooked, cold toast and sliver thin bacon.  No thanks for $13.00!!Probably the nicest restaurant in the food court area of Terminal F, LOCAL has tables and high top seating. At the hightops, their iPad ordering system is great. Who doesn't love pictures of the meals in addition to descriptions? It's nice to get a reminder as well that your flight is on time or late or boarding. Very nice.
Service was decent but lacking in some areas. I specifically asked for a printed receipt when I checked out, but it never arrived. I also hit the button to call over a waiter (so that my dirty plates would be removed) but no one ever showed up for that either.
The food and beer choices were great. I had something local from the "Local Beers" section of the menu. Nice to see that highlighted! For a starter, the deviled eggs were good. Four halves with piped egg yolks was tasty and easily bite-sized. Maybe a little bland, but still good. For main, the calamari salad was very nice. Hot fried octopus with arugula and other greens and a light dressing was filling and yummy.I visited this establishment for the first time this afternoon.  Customers are REQUIRED to order drinks and food through some point-of-sale system with a very poor user interface.  It's not possible to pay cash when dining in.  The customer must request a receipt (business travelers are normally asked to provide receipts to document expenses; is this restaurant aware of that?)  The ordering system defaults to applying an 18% tip.  For what?  My "server" did not deliver the food nor the drink?  She only appeared when I used the ordering system to "call server".  Thankfully, the customer to my right was willing to help with getting my order entered into this sorry excuse for a system.  Between the two of us, I eventually received a beer and a burger.  It's difficult to mess up a beer, but be mindful when ordering food.  I ordered a burger cooked medium well.  The server's apology when someone delivered a rare burger was, "I'm not a cook, so I don't know how the burgers should be cooked."  I asked to see the manager.  He agreed that the burger was undercooked.  All I wanted was for the manager to correct his cooks.  He offered to remake the burger; I didn't have the time.  He offered another beverage; again, I didn't have the time.  Later, I saw one of the staff sitting on the ice sink for the to-go beverage station.  This is unprofessional at best and unsanitary at worst.  
Nevertheless, the beer selection is good and similarly priced as other airport restaurants.  Wine prices seem high.This is a decent choice at the F terminal. Each seat and table is equipped with an ipad which you can use to order and pay. The service was still nice and pretty attentive considering that you are ordering electronically. I had the orecchiette, which was a nice creamy options. 
Best of all, there are power outlets at the table!
Overall, it is a nice place to kill some time before a flight.I'm grading this place stringently because of what it promises, in terms of place, price and product. Is the food good? Well, yeah. More well put together than smash burger across the court, for example. But smashburger just promises a good burger, not more than that.
Local promises more but doesn't deliver. I got the burger (sixteen bucks to start) with some additions (avg 1 each). Plus I upgraded the fries to duck fat fries. And an IPA
Burger: meat was good -- cooked a little over temp. All the toppings look like they were measured out by Ebenezer Scrooge. Very little there. Help staff told me mayo and mustard would come on the side. Nope. Had to ask. One flustered server later I got mustard. Good enough. Bun seems to be a spongy weird brioche.
Fries. Yep cooked in duck fat (I have a jar in my fridge). But each fry was inconsistent -- don't know how they did that. One would be flaccid and gross, another really crispy. Strange. 
Last, the beer. Smallest I could find was 25 oz at $12. I don't disagree with pricing, but for people who aren't ardent alcoholics, how about a smaller serve?
I enjoyed my meal. Will I be back? At $39 all in, nope.I ordered a glass and a half if wine. Waitress told me it's 7oz of wine. No way in hell did the glass have that much wine in it. I think they just poured 4oz into a bigger glass and charged me extra for it.I only went here because I thought I could play games on the tablets while I waited. NOPE. What's the point of having those things if you don't have entertainment on them? We seriously don't want to pay for the privileged of watching a rotating AD. It would be better if the beer prices were worth it--they are not. The price of a beer that would be $4 in an equvalent restaurant costs $8 here. And yes--I know it's an airport. But still. You cut the cost of having true service and you can't drop the price a bit? Ugh.Mac fans rejoice! You get to level place your order on an iPad. However, once the novelty of the futuristic ordering process has worn off I realized I had just ordered one of the worst Bloody Mary's of all time. Sometimes you get a decent drink at an airport bar but not this one. 
I can't speak much about the food and to be honest there's not many alcohol options in terminal F so you'll probably end up here anyways if you want a stiff drink.The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Good... iPad technology to order with gorgeous pics of food and beer - although a bit of navigation time needed to get it figured out.  Great selection of beers if that's your thing.  
Bad... ordered side of asparagus.  Picture shows 20 young asparagus spears with light drizzling of sauce.  Delivered 5 spears (about 35% of total weight represented in picture), that were old think and overcooked with a dollop of sauce that looked like a 1/2 of a container of yogurt.  I then complained, so they made the exact same thing as they delivered before.  
Ugly...  Told the manager, and she didn't care.  
if you are doing a fly by at the bar, it'll work.  Otherwise, go over the any restaurant in the food court, because you at least get what you paid for.iPads and easy to get to charging stations (USB and outlets) at every seat.  You order, pay, and/or run a tab from the iPad.  Makes service super quick which is important at an airport.  No more looking around for your server and check when you should be boarding your plane.  They encourage you to use the iPad while you are there.  They are set up with airport flight status on the home page.  Free internet of course and top off the charge on all your devices before you fly.  An automatic 18% gratuity seemed a bit high when the iPad is doing much of the work.Run do not walk away from this place. Never again!  Cold food and I can see why as I watch the servers in the back letting food sit for a long time. For the first time in my life, I felt like sending a plate back. Everything was cold and it has to be the worst overpriced cheesesteak I have ever had. In Philly?  Sad. Don't go. Save money and eat better in the food court.The food was good but the place is super pricey. We had a somewhat surly, non communicative server who grunted at us the couple of times we interacted with her, yet a 20% tip was automatically added to the bill.  Our total bill was $84 for a salad, turkey burger, & 2 glasses of wine. Love the iPad ordering but completely disagree with the 20% gratuity...seems to defeat the purpose.Not a fan of the i pad experience. Wasn't greated at all until I put my order in and received my beer. I ordered a Guinness Draft and they were out. I opted for a less expensive stout but was still charged for the more expensive Guinness. Although it wasn't a bad beer, it was just the point of paying more. (because you pay before with tip included)  Anyways,  I'm a bartender myself and feel the i pads take away from the customer interactions. (what did i tip for?) The one good thing I must say is they do have a nice beer selection. If you are an IPA fan this is your spot. It's a little on the pricy side, but it's an airport, get over it.  Will not return on future visists. Not even a thank you! Ha ha!Waiting for a flight on and early Tuesday morning, (still ordered beer because hey, it's never too early when traveling.) This is a clean, technology driven bar and grill type place, in terminal F of Philly International. I must say this whole terminal is much more pleasant than that of the larger ones. Local taverns servers and bartenders were extremely pleasant and helpful, explaining how to use the iPad's to place your order. They also gave me the rundown on a few beers on draft. The draft selection here is very impressive. There has to be around 30 choices, all with clear pricing and descriptions on the iPad menu. It's not as weird as I'd imagine either, ordering from an iPad. The servers were present so you didn't feel like a number talking to robots. Ordered a standard two egg breakfast with pork roll. Order was correct, eggs cooked perfectly, everything hot as expected. Overall a great visit. This will be my spot to return to at terminal F.The food is pricey even for an airport restaurant. The screen ordering menu is cool the servers seem great. 
They have loads of gluten free options but the food is bland to me.Food is okay, but I would avoid this place. Ate there yesterday pm, credit card number stolen (most probably skimmed on their automated checkout service) and used 2000 miles from my destination.Airport robbery
Wish I had read reviews before ordering here but I was seduced by the opportunity of free wi-fi.  That was a joke because the signal for customers is so weak you can't get anything done. You can use the restaurant's iPads if they're working, not too grimy and not too many interruptions to order more overpriced foods and drinks. Agree that the staff is missing in action and snarky. Pictures of food on iPad more appetizing than the real thing.Cheesesteak was good fries suck and the iPad ordering eliminates any social reason to be there. Tip is auto-included even though there isn't any "service" just delivery. No tab means pay as you go so a new charge for each drink ordered which sucks when putting expense reports together. Navigating the menu to find what you want is no where near as quick as a traditional menu. Not impressed and will hit revive instead on my trips through hereAverage in every way. Pad ordering so don't expect service from wait staff unless you call them. You'll have time for a quick nap before they arrive. However, they still expect 20%+. If your black you're good on the cooking bar. The entire staff will make sure getting great service. If you're white sit at the bar and service is very good. As I look around travelers have figured this out already. Sorry to be late to the game. If management employed ordering ipads to reduce service costs, shouldn't that be directly passed on to the customers doing their self service ordering?Really darn good for airport fare. They use the order and pay from a tablet method, which means they are card only payment. The server however still checked on us and helped explain the system. Since I was on a layover in Philly, I had to get the cheesesteak. Very tasty, and the fries were good.So the food was good but it's just an off set up.  I have an iPad that someone has to explain to me how to order in what seems like the time they could have taken my order.   Make sure of in a group you all check out at the same time on your iPads, that way you will get your food at the same time. 
Not a fan of the concept.This place is absolutely awful. We just sat at the bar (the only seats available were dirty) for quite some time and the finally girl came up to us and said "I can't clean that off for a long time so you may have to eat there with it dirty" So we just got chipotle instead. I'm glad we did. They were rude in there. Is it that hard to ask a co-worker for some help?! Please do not eat here! Don't waste your time between planes with crappy service!im amazed
sit down
order food
pay
quick service
drinks arrived in a minute
food in 10 minutes
meanwhile im plugged in charging
checking emails and working
food is delicious
and exactly as i ordered
no waiting in line
no waiting for waiters
and no waiting for the check
basically no waiting is a great thing!!!
i love this place
this is the future
enjoy!!!Nobody likes travelling through airports, but this place makes it a little easier. IPad ordering, outlets for charging your stuff. About average pricing as far as airport restaurants go.I'm really torn here, I love the concept but it needs support and a lot of it.
I had time to kill at the airport and there's not many sit-down options in the F terminal at Philly so I figured why not. Easy enough to figure out, you sit at bar pick up iPad and place order. Runner brings it and you are done. If you have a question ask a real person and they help.. Well that's how it should happen. I helped two people sitting next to me as they had no clue what they were doing and the staff just looked on. The worst thing here is you pay and TIP before you get your meal.. Who exactly did my tip go to because I did not get service?? If you'd like to fix it go to Chili's they even did this concept right. You can't remove people and expect a computer to be able to handle.
I ordered an app and a sandwich along with a club soda (which don't plan on a refill just for the record). The server brought all my stuff out at once, I said this was an app. Her solution was she'll put the same sandwich under the heat lamp to keep it warm ( no, I want I fresh sandwich not something lingering around kitchen) I politely passed , I don't want crappy food. She then asked me if I wanted a to go container as that would be better or something? Well I just kept both and alternated eating the foods so my philly didn't make the bun soggy and my wings would still be hot.
The food is actually really good!! It's the technology/ lack of service. Technology isn't bad if you have a living breathing person to check on you, refill drinks, get condiments. If you are able to get someone's attention they have an attitude.OMG! We had the duck fat fried fries, roasted brussel sprouts, and chicken wings. Yum! Yum! Yum! The ipads SUCK, but that's done and over with at the beginning of your dining experience, and the wait staff is MORE than happy to help you through it if it drives you nuts!
The beers! Oh, the beers!!!!! I wish I could post my pictures of ALL the beers that they have on tap, but I can't figure out how...
I'll be stopping here EVERY TIME I have a layover in Philly :)So on my layover this past weekend, I stopped in. Unfamiliar with iPad ordering, it took some getting used to. I ordered the mac n cheese and was disappointed in the meal and the size (I found it to be a very small portion). My drink was initially brought out wrong, but was quickly corrected by the bartender. I waited a long time to get a simple water, but my biggest issue was with the servers falling all over a little dog that a customer brought in. The servers spent a good deal of time petting the dog, then went on to interact with food, drinks, etc. Don't get me wrong, I love dogs, but not in a restaurant and not when my servers are interacting with them. The other thing I didn't love was having to put in a tip when I ordered, instead of at the end. The tip is selected on the iPad when ordering food, making it hard to tell what the tip should be for the entire time you are there. For airport food, the quality was good and since I end up in Philly airport often, I might be back.Food was decent, I had the chicken sandwich. You order from an iPad which was different, would rather interact with a person. You pay at the end of your order and include tip before you receive any service, not a big fan of that at all. It's expensive too boot.Aesthetically pleasant and modern but the food takes too long.  It took 20 minutes for an omelette. I had to take it to go. Coffee was semi warm and omelette was ok.  I saw that they do have a good selection of draft beers:)The look and feel of the place was very cool so we decided to spend s couple hours there between flights. You order from iPads that are at each seat at the bar, but be careful!  If you order a glass of wine, by default the option for an extra half glass is checked for an extra $5 or so. Then before you know what's happening you have a $15 dollar glass (full pour) of cheap wine. The Philly cheesesteak was good, but when the check came my money manager spouse noticed the total (all computerized) was $2.00 off. No big deal, but he was just curious how it could have possibly calculated in error. The waiter seemed uninterested and mentioned that it "was just two dollars" but would re-do it. It took a good 15 minutes for the re-do, and we were off running to board our plane. Upon further inspection, it was still $2.00 off!  Something is not quite right there. The food and atmosphere were great, but inspect your orders and tickets carefully!This concept is seriously cool. I thought I'd be stuck with no choices when I boarded a shuttle bus to get to Terminal F in the Philly airport. But then I found Local. Each seat has an iPad that provides updates on flight status, free internet, and an easy and straightforward ordering system. I was able to order food that came out in only a few minutes, and the staff presented it with a smile. 
The best part, for me at least, was that there are about 60 beers to choose from, and many are local and less than five are your typical macro set (bud, shock top, etc.). This is the perfect place to park yourself during a layover. I seriously wish every airport had one. No more waiting for slow service while worrying about your flight. Sit here, order food and a beer on the iPad, and relax until your flight. 
They also offer to pack up your food to go of you are in a hurry. 
The next time I'm in this airport I will definitely be stopping back in!The waitress was hot. The shrimps and grits were OK but overpriced. What's not cool is they sell "fresh squeezed" for $4.75 which quite clearly is pasteurized and not fresh. The hot waitress admitted it and refunded this. I probably won't be back or maybe to say hello to said waitress. 
MehHealth foodies know how hard it can be to find a healthy and nutritious meal that leaves you feeling good and satisfied, while traveling in an airport. This place hit all those spots. I had their burrata, arugula and beet salad, along with their mushroom side dish. The ingredients were fresh and so delicious. 
I was skeptical at first because you don't seem to have a server and order everything through an iPad. I was just hungry though. However, all of the staff proved to be friendly and attentive. Kudos to the chef/ manager, RICH that engaged in conversation with me while I sat by myself. Super nice and super cool guy. That definitely was the cherry on top of my experience. 
Thank you Local Tavern for offering healthy options and making a travelers day much more enjoyable!This place is awful. They don't take cash and the service is unacceptable.The stupid ipads makes it so the waiters never come by the table, and when you do finally get one of the attention they are rude and condescending. My waitress was a total rude dolt. The food and drinks are also extremely overpriced for an airport restaurant. Overall a very bad experience!I like this place.  Love the iPad concept, especially since I am in an airport waiting for a flight.  I just want to hang out and not be bothered, and this is an easy place to do it. Creative food, high end for an airport, as reasonably priced considering the high quality. This is more than a novelty.  Good food, good beer, good atmosphere.  When is my flight?Hall & Oats, The Hooters and Elton John singing "Philadelphia Freedom" (or phreedom) are all part of The Local atmosphere. Situated in the center of terminal F you will find this cafe/restaurant. Order from an iPad [what happened to service with a smile] and hope to get your water glass refilled and a request, if you need anything such as an extra napkin or ketchup. I had the veggie burger and it was hot and tasted good. Optional sides were available for an upcharge so I stuck with the fries that came with the meal, since I paid $1 for a slice of cheese to be added to the burger. Not bad but not much service included in the service charge.Restaurant in the Philadelphia Airport. We had lunch while waiting for flight.  All ordering and payment is done on Individual I-Pads at the table.  Food comes within 15 minutes.  I had a turkey and Brie sandwich.  It came with a mixed green salad that was very fresh. The turkey on the sandwich was more on the processed side than I like, but overall it was an ok sandwich.  It is a pricey option for lunch.Decent airport spot with a wide menu, large beer selection and full service bar.  They are unique in this they have iPads on all tables and you order and pay through them. They have a charging port for your gear at EVERY seat.  Free games and novelties to keep you occupied.   The food was good and slightly better than what expect from an airport pub.  If you are in terminal F stop by.The food is always solid.  Especially the breakfast.  I like the I pad based ordering and entertainment.  The only thing that I would improve is the interaction with the customer.  My waitress barely spoke and while I appreciate the automation, I do like a little interaction.Whoa! Do not let these photos fool you and do not waste your money here. Unbelievably bad, over priced and skimpy sisco food. Our waitress was amazing which is the ONLY reason we did not complain. We will not be back. I should add, this is the F Terminal in Philly airport-  
SAD!The ambience has modern feel which is complemented by IPads for ordering at each table. I ordered a simple breakfast: coffee and a seasonal fruit plate. The coffee arrived barely hot with no spoon and half & half because the restaurant doesn't have milk of any kind. That's hard to believe. The fruit plate didn't come with bananas (as featured in the picture). The fruit was sour so I ate 20% of it. During my 25-30 minute, not one server checked on me. Cool concept but the impersonal service and food left me searching for alternative.Actually there are two places in terminal F that have the equipment to make espresso and cappuccino, but it looks like Local is the place to get the latter served in a hot, wide-mouthed cappuccino cup. I like my cup pre-warmed with hot water before the pour. My barista was accommodating, serving up a big, steaming cup, hot to the touch. 
Still I prefer human interaction to the iPad order, especially when my servers are whipping around at arms length.Oh my gosh I LOVED this place. The food was amazing and I loved ordering by iPad.  When I was done. I could just bounce. My kind of place. We need one in LAActually there are two places in terminal F that have the equipment to make espresso and cappuccino, but it looks like Local is the place to get the latter served in a hot, wide-mouthed cappuccino cup. I like my cup pre-warmed with hot water before the pour. My barista was accommodating, serving up a big, steaming cup, hot to the touch. 
Still I prefer human interaction to the iPad order, especially when my servers are whipping aroat arms length. 
Update September 7, 2018:
Subject: Custoner Service
I ordered a Cortado on the iPad, then remembered that I like my cup superheated, so asked one of the cooks to tell the barista to heat it up with warm water before the pour. I watched her shake her head no to the cook in private conversation, and pour my Cortado into a champagne glass. Instead of talking to me first, she presented the drink and smugly advised "that's the way a Cortado is served," barely glancing in my direction. 
First, this may be the traditional way to serve a Cortado, or not, but it's the very first time I have seen the drink presented this way. Second, a good customer service approach would be to talk to your customer, given the barista was 2 steps away from me at the espresso machine. I came here a 2nd time because I expected a similar approach to customer service as my last visit, when I ordered a cappuccino. This lack of emotional intelligence is inexcusable.Not good and too expensive. Just drinking water and no one was available to refill the ridiculously small glasses. Why am I going to tip you for doing literally nothing??No Good, Unprofessional wait staff
     I recently passed through the airport on a long layover and decided to tryout this place being the beer connoisseur that I am.  After walking in I some how managed to find a spot at this crowded place at the bar to which i was first confused with the iPad experience. I ended up ordering a beer flight and then later a Scallop special that they had going on. needless to say the dishes were overpriced for the amount of food that was received. It wasn't till after I made my first initial purchase that I read more into the reviews. **PAY ATTENTION PEOPLE! Why are you tipping when a MACHINE does all the work. Needless to say I didn't tip at all for my main meal. Also you need to look closely as the "default" tip is set at 18%. You do however have the option to scroll to your preferred percentage.
     Typically when visiting a restaurant I like to look around and observer the wait staff and how they are running things which was very easy at this location. I actually just so happened to take a photo of the shift Manager standing in front of me playing games on his cellphone. 
****Also be extremely watchful of your Credit Cards as my info was also skimmed from one of the automated checkout service they have.
     The experience was so bad that I took the time and filled out the customer survey they had on the iPads and briefly mentioned the manager texting. 2 days later o got an email back from Corporate requesting the photo of the manager. I passed it along and nothing was said again from the place or about it.
**Overall, not the place I would visit again if i had a layover and certainly NOT a place to swipe your credit card. Unprofessional staff and unreliable electronic equipment.
**Read the reviews First**I loved it!! Was here for 3.5 hours and it was a great place to relax. The food is 100% underrated! Super impressiveI found this to be very nice - I only ordered a Cappuccino so don't have an opinion on the food but being able to pay quickly at my table was efficient, the servers were prompt and helpful and it was great to be able to charge my phone while keeping an eye on my flight status.  Also being able to use the IPads, after I ordered, to do some quick searching was a welcome thing.  I think this is a great concept - extremely good for an airport spot.