It's really terrific here. The halibut with curry broth is astonishingly good as is the oxtail onion soup. Hoagie toasts on bar menu are great too. Wine list well done, and the atmosphere is a great mix of casual, neighborhoody and fabulous. Bar staff are wonderful as is the brunch.  I really recommendMy partner and I met up with a friend for dinner to cap off Labor Day weekend. We saw Lou Bird's had recently opened and we wanted to give it a try.  Many years ago I frequented Waldorf Cafe and hoped our experience at this new place at 500 S 20th would equal my fond memories.  
The inviting intimate setting instantly made us feel right at home.  Everyone we came in contact with throughout the evening was extremely nice and friendly.  Our service was top notch and I enjoyed one of the most delicious dinners I've had in a long time.  My partner doesn't eat meat except for chicken and has limited seafood tastes. He didn't see any entree on the menu he wanted,  but asked if he could have the Smoked Rigatoni appetizer served as his entree which they were more than happy to deliver.  While he enjoyed his delicious pasta dish,  our friend ate a beautifully prepared strip steak dish with fingerling potatoes.  I was very happy to have chosen the duck which was the best I've had in many years.  If you enjoy duck don't hesitate to get it at Lou Bird's! 
I don't always have room for dessert,  but I knew I'd regret passing up another opportunity to be wowed from the kitchen, so I got the Oat Sponge Cake, as did my partner and our friend remarked that the Milk Chocolate Mousse wad the best he's had. 
Needless to say,  I'll be going back to Lou Bird's.  Make a reservation-  I'm sure they are going to get very busy once the word of mouth gets around. 
Thanks guys!Delicious food and great service. Slightly overpriced but that's what you get in that hood. 
I had asked if the granola had nuts and when I found it did I ordered eggs. I asked for a substitute for the meat and the waitress kindly brought me a baby parfait with yummy fresh fruit and no granola. That's a good server. 
We sat outside which made for good people watching. The inside was super dark so probably better for nighttime and hangovers. We will definitely be back!We were very excited for this place to open up because of the location and the menu we read online but we did not have a great first experience. Perhaps the holiday weekend was to blame but it was a sub par meal overall. The food was okay at best; we ordered the pierogies but in reality, they were dumplings from Trader Joe's. We also ordered the Peking Poussin but the waffle tasted like paper. On top of all this, the service was very slow considering that it wasn't very full. On the plus side though, the cocktails were delightful though; I would definitely go back for a happy hour.I live closelyby to this location. I had stepped in for brunch. . The spot itself is cozy and comfortable.  Service is something need to be desired I had stepped in for a sunday afternoon.  portions and small but on a fairly reasonable size. Unfortunately  They are a tad pricey. I am sure if I had gone in for dinner it wouldn't be as bad as a nineteen dollar brunch order  with a 6 dollar momosa. the six dollar mimosa doesn't bother me as much as the entry. 
Good Stuff: They have brunch every saturday and sunday from 10-3pm.Had a pretty nice experience at Lou Bird's. Was hoping that it could be a regular spot that my wife and I could frequent. Food is good, but portions are on the small and pricey side. Unfortunately, they are missing a bar menu and happy hour - so you are going to pay some good money to go here, and those looking for a good burger will be out of luck. 
Most people in this neighborhood want a casual spot with a good variety of food that they can frequent without breaking the bank - unfortunately not the case.My roommates and I live in the graduate hospital neighborhood and have been going to lou bird's since they opened in September. It has become our go to spot since they opened. We have found that everytime we look at the menu there are more specialized cocktails and food options that are always delicious. We are big happy hour/brunch people and were more than excited when they instituted that program in November. My recommendations on the menu are the hoagie toasts, perogies and on the dinner side, the halibut with lemon curry. If you have not tried this place you are missing out. The bartenders and servers could not be nicer and are very well informed on their cocktails and food menu.Cozy place for drinks. They use fresh juice. Also a great bloody Mary. The food menu looked good too. I'll be back.I have been so excited to try this place out, as our neighborhood really needs a new restaurant and I am not the biggest fan of the last new restaurant that went in down the street. The atmosphere is really nice, very different from p&k across the street. Great for date nights. My boyfriend and I first ordered drinks. I got the "by any other alias"  and my boyfriend got the "newfangled" which was essentially a old fashioned. Both were great! Good start. Then we got the artichokes as a first course and we both loved them. We waited awhile for the second course and the very kind and professional manager (I assumed) came over and apologized for the wait. We got the smoked rigatoni and it was well worth the wait! My only complaint was that it wasn't offered as a third course size because I could have eaten two of them. For the third course we got sea bass and pork. My boyfriend loved the pork, it was very different from pork he has gotten in the past. I also enjoyed my sea bass. It was very earthy tasting with beats and farro. As I do not eat meat, I do like to see a pasta option on the menu when I am tired of sea bass, so again I wish I could have had a larger portion of the rigatoni as an option. The menu offered three desserts and we decided to skip. Our waitress, Tutu, (who was great and very knowledgeable about the menu and restaurant) told us that the menu would change frequently and we will definitely be back to see what else the chef comes up with! Delicious!Slow service and food came out extremely slow. 
-burrata (good but needed some salt) 
-dumplings ( pan seared perfectly but came with a ketchup on top which did not add to the dish. Could of used a dipping sauce instead) 
- mussels (different and tasty)
Seafood Bolognese- pasta was starchy. Flavor was good. Good amount of shrimp and fish. 
Steak frites- comes out looking like it should be served at Denny's... not impressed with the presentation. It's a thin piece of steak that was seasoned and tender but Not the best.  If you want a steak go to a steak house. 
Dessert- cheesecake and chocolate cake. Neither worth bragging about. 
Overall- cool small corner joint with cool vibes and outside seating. Other than that Its overpriced slightly upscale bar food.My review is just for brunch. I live in the neighborhood and Lou Bird's never has a wait, has great prices, and the best staff! I have sat at the bar many times and JR, Julie, and Angie are all lovely and friendly bartenders who make brunch a good time. The hostesses are friendly and the servers (especially Chris!) go out of their way to make sure you have what you need. 
They recently changed the breakfast potatoes and I am DEVASTATED. The potatoes were AMAZING and now they just ok. Hopefully they switch back to the crispy potatoes soon!!'
I also want to shout out how lovely they have been about request for the tv in the bar. Easy to watch Wimbledon or the World Cup there.Very pleased with their happy hour and bar menu. Decent prices and yummy food. Cozy atmosphere if you sit inside. Definitely more creative and more delicious menu than it's neighbor P&K!Recently we had a party of 16 at Lou Bird's for cocktails and dinner after a business conference. The staff was very accommodating, and the food was absolutely delicious (especially the duck). The venue is beautiful and has a great ambiance. Not to mention, the owner Norris is a great guy, very friendly, warm, and fascinating conversationalist! He was a pleasure to meet and work with. I would highly recommend Lou Bird's for both small and larger parties. Thanks again to everyone on staff for helping us cap off our conference on a high note!great beer selection and bartenders make good cocktails. delicious bar bites for happy hour. great brunch with a creative, well-executed menu. Nice relaxed atmosphere and friendly service all around.No.  How this restaurant can be on any top list is weird.  It's awful.  The eggs were dry, the toast was like zwieback, the ketchup was good.  The crepe was doughy and tasteless.  Really it was pretty bad.  Service was earnest.  Music was dated and loud.  Another mediocre Philadelphia experience.  Expect less.My boyfriend and I went Sunday night and sat at the bar. We were super cites to try this new neighborhood restaurant, we were not impressed at all and actually disappointed. It started out promising with the bartender being engaging and knowledgable about the cocktails. Then as time went on, he was not attentive to our drinks being empty. The bar was not crowded. The artichokes sounded delicious and were not good at all. We ordered a second plate that took over 30 minutes after we were done with the appetizer. And the "pierogies" were not pierogies, they were pot stickers and again not exciting. I don't think we will go back again. Maybe it's good for just one cocktail. Hopefully with time they will workout the kinks.This seems like it's the bar the characters from how I met your mother go to. Lots of regulars. For what was advertised as a cocktail bar they only had 4 cocktails. We ordered the pumpkin cocktail. It was just ok. Everyone working there was attentive and friendly.Horrible ambience, old men trying to hit on women even when they are asked to leave them alone. The owner himself was drooling on girls at the bar. Shabby experience to say the least. Food was 40 mins late. Bar tender kept giving customers condescending looks. Will not recommend.Absolutely dreadful restaurant experience.  
Place was empty when we got in.  Took us an hour to get our entrees.  Waitress twice brought us the wrong food.  Burger was the smallest patty I've ever seen; kitchen should be ashamed of actually serving a burger of that size.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium, at the least.   
Charcuterie plate was dull and tasteless, and in addition it was served above room temperature.   Everyone in the place seemed to be irritated over the length of time it was taking to get their food.  
Waitress was perfunctory in her apology but didn't go out of her way for my mother and I.   Halibut came out soupy.  
Cannot recommend this place any less.  Told a friend I had a bad experience there, and the friend had heard the service was miserable.  
Avoid.Incredible food! Was just here for New Years and had a great time. The duck here was the best I've ever had!I was surprised how empty the place was at 9:00.  Only one other table occupied. The fluke crudo was well presented and fresh & tasty. The duck was also very flavorful. The portion was surprisingly large. Service was good. Creative menu.Friends brought us to this charming neighborhood restaurant and it was quite delightful.  A bit off the beaten path but totally worth walking the extra couple of blocks from all of the action.  I had the Creekstone prime strip steak and it was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  It came with potatoes Anna...one of my faves...and how can you go wrong with potatoes Anna?  These did not disappoint.  Hot and crispy and buttery.  So yummy.  We got a ceviche for the table which was very tasty and I loved the addition of the grapes.  Had never seen grapes in ceviche but it was  a very creative addition.  But my biggest positive about the place was the owner.  He had stopped by the table a couple of times to say hi and see how things were going.  We had been traveling all day and my contact lenses were killing my eyes.  I knew they needed to come out for a rest if I was to drive all the way home after dinner.  I asked him where the closest convenience store was so that I could go buy a case and some solution.  He wouldn't tell me....because he insisted on going himself!!! He said that I should stay and enjoy my cocktail.  He rode his bike (nice neighborhood touch!) and came back 10 minutes later with the goods!!  Now that is service you never see.  This was a delightful neighborhood gem that I will absolutely return to when I'm in Philly and especially the Rittenhouse Square area.Hamachi ceviche, lamb chops, scallops, bocadillo.  Based on other reviews it seems like they may have a changing or rotating menu.  All of these are keepers!!!! Ceviche was perfectly balanced and tender with watermelon and I believe soy-sesame flavor,  lamb chops with hazelnut cheese asparagus sauce.  Then the sea scallops with a unique soft textured rice and ham hock and bocadillo (sandwich) with nduja sausage, Spanish cheese and what I researched was a quince paste on really flakey bread - toasted.  Great place will be backWE LOVE SARA!!!! brunch was amaze balls!! chicken and biscuits was bangin!!! love this place!! can't wait to come back!!Stopped in for brunch on a Sunday! There was music playing and all the windows were open. Loved it here. The atmosphere is great and there are so many great brunch options!! I got the eggs Benedict which was so delicious. Also, a free mimosa!!I came here with some friends just walking off 20th and wow... just wow the food--amazing, the service--fantastic. Small but friendly and welcoming environment. Not that pricey for what I got: $16 for the "Lou burger" that came with delicious, crispy potatoes literally to die for! We will all definitely be back for some more stuff off the menu!!!Wow! What a meal. Incredible chef at the helm of this restaurant. Do yourself a favor and go and try her dishes. Chef Natalie is something special. Cavatelli with corn espuma, pea shoots, morels and corn husk ash is beyond incredible. And hoagie toasts...don't get me started how damn good that little bits was. Keep up the wonderful work Chef. Looking forward to coming back.I'm writing mostly for brunch, as I have only come for dinner once and that was in August. I LOVE this place for brunch. When the weather was nice, we would sit outside with our pup; but now that it has grown cold, it is equally nice inside, very cozy. I think the portions are a good size and there are so many excellent choices: toad in the hole and mushroom omelette are my favs, while hubby likes the pancakes (served with birch syrup). Mimosas are a little pricey, but excellent Bloody Mary. Need to go back for dinner.Fantastic food and beautiful presentation and perfect portion sizes.  Friendly attentive staff. Definitely be a regular if I lived in Philadelphia.Went in to try it out on a weeknight and thought it was great. Top notch drinks and a solid draft list for a smaller spot. Entree and app items were terrific - esp wagu beef, waffles, bass. Staff was fun and friendly. Great addition to the neighborhood and upgrades that corner big time.Please work on the details LB because overall it seems worth the effort to do so.
Unfortunately, your kitchen was painfully slow: 2 hours to have pre-dinner drinks, salad and entrée where the majority of that was time spent waiting for the salad.
It reached the point where the server was clearly embarrassed. That's not fair to your staff. Bad service = standard tip. Bad kitchen = far less likely to come back. 
On to when the food actually arrived. 
I'm fairly certain that the leaves in the salad had not been washed as they were covered in grit. If it was something in the dressing, please change it, because it was indistinguishable from chewing sand.
The duck was quite good and the steak even better. The sharp flavor of the kimchee paired well with the rest of the steak. 
There are far better dining options in this neighborhood. P&K, FDR, Audrey Claire, etc.... All have pleasing cuisine BUT they pay attention to detail AND are sharper in their process. 
Please step it up because there is some evident underlying appeal.Went here for brunch. The food was very yummy, the service was a bit slow. I had the croque madam which was very good.Pretty decent brunch food, but a bit pricey. $12 for a french onion soup? Come on. The three waiters also didn't seem to talk to each other. One didn't know the other had taken our food order. Same with drinks. It led to confusion that seemed avoidable. 
But this place has potential. Hopefully they can fix these issues and stick around.Not a fan, overpriced for neighborhood. Food selection  minimal and no happy hour. Not a warm and cozy place. Will not return unless changes are made. Sad we couldn*t wait to try it out. Two times we tried and that is it.Checked this place out last night.  Service was amazing but the food was very lack luster.  The lobster was gummy and the noodles all stuck together and really not very flavorful.  My friend got the duck and it was served room temperature.  It was a bit pricey for the portions as well.  Unfortunately I will not be revisiting.Stopped in for a drink and dessert and was very glad we did. The paramour's bloodhound cocktail was excellent--great blend of flavors and not too sweet. The oat cake dessert  was much more interesting than the name would imply. Just enough honey to make it good but not so much that you couldn't taste what was going on. Sitting on the sidewalk is even nicer now that SEPTA has upgraded to quieter buses.Best new restaurant in center city.   The duck is to die for...entire menu is over the top fantastic.  This is my new go to brunch spot in the cityI was expecting the staff to be working out some kinks but our meal went as smoothly as possible. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and our waitress Tutu could not have been sweeter and more knowledgeable about their menu. I heard they had a fun happy hour for the Eagles game so I look forward to trying that out next week.Absolutely love this place! Great food, great service, great vibe. Intimate, cool, chill - would come here every day if I could - for the good time but also for the food! The pan-fried dumplings are amazeballs - the only thing better are the mussels! I would drink that broth! So good!Excellent brunch with creative spins beyond the usual brunch fare, such as our Salad Lyonnaise (w/ duck confit, poached eggs) and Toad in a Hole (ultra thick slice of toast with pork belly on top). The prices were reasonable, and there were plenty of good options for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike.Went here for dinner last night after wanting to go for a few months. Food was just OK, a bit on the bland side. Glad we went, but probably won't be a regular.Everything we ordered was amazing. Their duck pirogies were definitely the best pirogies I've ever had. All around great service and staff. Cocktails were also phenomenal. Definitely recommend for happy hour or dinnerLoved everything about Lou Bird.  The interior is beautiful with a massive wall of exposed brick at the bar.  We sat outside in shady comfort.  Wait staff was exceptionally attentive and inviting.  
The beer selection is eclectic and fun.  My meal included the best grits I've had since visiting Natchez.
It's not a cheap date place, however, so save your pennies before making that reservation!This place got a bad review by the inquirer guy.  Well shame on him! I hate when people ruin people for one chance bad experience. Screw him!  This place should  be a neighborhood favorite!   We LOVE this place.  Were there last Sunday. Best brunch I ever had. I ordered the Croque Madam.  Soooooo good. Unusual. Can't get that dish off my mind.  Bartender was a doll.  Gorgeous and soulful. Eagles green lights on on the shelves.  He will put them on every Sunday he says with certainty.  He bleeds green for the Philadelphia Eagles and so do we all!!  Lou Birds is sooo good. Not real expensive yet gourmet. Great bloody mary's and then mimosas.  Then giant ice cube with bourbon.  Tips on standing room tickets for the Eagles play off next week.  Come on, this place is worth a second look!  And I get nothing from this.  I'm just a local who is being honest.  And I'm picky!  Oh and Good and inexpensive bar food menu.  Gourmet.   So  I noticed the owner carved his and his family's names in the cement on 20th Street down from the restaurant.  He's nice and will not disappoint.  Lou Birds.  I like the name too. Flight in Motion.Lou Birds presents Philly with another exciting place to drink and dine.  A casual, yet modern atmosphere welcomes you upon entering (watch your step) to which you will be greeted with the biggest smile from a hostess I've seen in years.  The mrs. and I had reservations, and arrived early, not an unusual occurance, but one I'd recommend so that you can partake in the bar vibe and energy while sipping on variants of classic cocktails or beers by the bottle or can.  The Newfangled and By Any Other Alias ($12 ea) were pleasantly tasty.  My continual appreciation of Old Fashioneds and variations of it continue to grow as I enjoy every interpretation.  The Newfangled twists with rosemary syrup and a sprig of the same which provides a nice aroma with each sip.  By Any Other Alias is a delightfully refreshing beverage that I could totally see myself sipping on a a hot summer day while sitting in an old wooden rocker.  Pleasantly imbibed it was time to move to the next chapter, the food.
Our meal began with two thick slices of homemade poppy seed and fennel bread, warmed, served with cultured butter.  My advice, as tempting as it is to want to tear in to it, smell it, I mean really smell it.  The aroma is amazing and actually getting warm bread is not a constant in many eateries. Awesome way to begin.
First courses consisted of baby artichokes ($9) and pork belly($8).  The artichokes provided great bites as they were pulled through a sunflower seed pesto (I also suggest saving some bread for that too).  The pork belly had great flavor and the toast provided some excellent acoustics for our neighbors.
Second courses included the smoked rigatoni($12), dill vichyssoise($10) and peking pousin($12) The Vichy soup was poured table side and came with a pair of hoagie inspired crostini.  A nice touch to an ethereal smooth soup.  The pousin presented us with a half of the tiny bird broken down served with a scrumptious buckwheat waffle and soy syrup (easily one of the most intriguing and delicious items).  The smoked rigatoni was summer on a plate.  Representing sweet corn, tomatoes and mizuna, the perfectly al dente pasta provided texture to complement the seasonal ingredients.
Third courses included the lobster pasta ($28) and duck breast ($24).  The duck, sliced and perfectly cooked, had a sweetness that made me want it for brunch (as an option, not instead) Hints of maple and the natural sweetness from the chestnut puree balanced sweet and savory.  The lobster pasta was equally amazing with what seemed to be half of a lobster with more fresh hand made, hand torn pasta tossed with maitake mushrooms in a light cream sauce and sorrel.
Desserts (each $8) provided some nice contrasts as well without being overly sweet or complicated.  The milk chocolate mousse was light with an appreciated crunch from the buttery crisp on top.  The oat sponge was torn across the plate and accented with flavors of honey and chamomile.  I'd recommend mixing the flavors together for a combined bite as some of the lemon on its own may be a bit too sour for some.
All in all, I will enjoy returning to see what else the chef and bartenders offer as the seasons change.  I'd suggest you do the same before you miss out on a delicious meal.Have enjoyed both happy hour and brunch here.  Servers were friendly, food was tasty and well prepared.  Prices were reasonable.  Overall a solid neighborhood restaurant.  I will definitely be back and would recommend.I wish this place were more popular. Came on a Friday night but we were the last table standing by 10pm. The food is fantastic. Really enjoyed the rosemary bread and butter (bread was so dense!), pork cheeks, ravioli, duck breast, and half a lobster. The pierogies were alright, would prefer to order something else. As for dessert, we shared the oat cake which surprised me. It was a great dessert without being overwhelmingly sweet--love it. Would definitely come back.What an amazing gem! Food was a plate by plate Was looking for a great spot for dinner with coworkers outside of city center. Can't say enough great things about the service and the ambiance.We came after a fun night with our friends and wanted to enjoy an extended happy hour like they advertised. Instead we were greeted by a bartender who judged us right from the start. I've been blacked out before and deserved shirt treatment but this was not one of those times and she demanded we leave which was a complete joke bc no one was even there. Fuck this place went to ten stone great placeReally like the ambiance of this place!
Bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable. Had a great tequila cocktail and my boyfriend and I shared their cheese plate and their charcuterie plates. Both were priced very reasonably. The cheese plate didn't wow me as I thought it was missing something.
Would definitely go back!Loved this place.  Beautiful brick interior, pretty outdoor seating.  Beer selection was eclectic, and brunch was sublime.  The anson mills grits were marvellous (perhaps a tad too much butter) and the Toad in the Hole was perfect.  Service was engaged and friendly.I'm giving Lou Bird's four stars because the food was delicious, but the portions were too small.  I ordered the baby lettuce salad and it was fantastic.  Then, the striped bass delighted with chopped beets and onions.  However, it was a modest portion and left me wanting something more -  which, for the price, should not be the case. Service was great - friendly and professional.This is a cozy neighborhood restaurant with delicious food and drinks. They also have plenty of gluten free options. One of my favorites is a buckwheat waffle with duck entree. Cheers!Really a 4.5 star review, but I'm rounding up and feeling generous because I really did enjoy my dinner here very much. Everything was perfect, except the prices were a bit steep, but not enough to knock a full star off the rating. 
LOVED:
- Walking in a Saturday night and being seating immediately. Every where else I called had over 30 mins wait! Lou Birds had a table ready with no wait. 
- The rabbit dish! Absolutely delicious and stole the night. The little balls of citrus fruit on the rabbit added the perfect compliment to the sauces and potatoes. Brilliant. 
- Simple, small menu, was not overwhelming. But all delicious choices. Because the menu was pretty small, you can see they change the menu weekly! Brilliant, makes me want to come back often to try new things. 
- sweet potato ravioli with Brussels was so delicious. 
- cheesecake dessert special with marbled fudge was great. Different, whipped cheesecake was light and fluffy, not dense. But our waitress explained it perfectly to pre-warn us, and I really liked it being lightweight so it didn't over-fill me up. Yumm. 
- cute Romantic atmosphere. 
- fantastic, friendly, attentive service. 
LIKED: 
- cocktail options. I was expecting a larger cocktail menu since I thought they specialized in mixology type drinks. But, the few I ordered were very good. It's no Franklin Mortgage, but overall pretty good. I wonder if they change the cocktail list as often as they change the food menu? I'd like to see other creations 
- Fluke crudo was OK.. The fish itself was very tasty, but the jalapeños and the soy sauce was a little over powering over the delicate small pieces of fish. 
Overall a wonderful dining experience. The drinks were $14 each which I think was too high for this location but the food was priced more reasonably, and tasted amazing. I loved my dinner here, I recommend it to anyone, and I will certainly come back!!!My wife and I went into the city for date night. We walked into Lou Birds without reservations and were greeted by the owner.  Great guy!  They gave us a table for 2 in a n intimate corner by the window. The ambiance was superb!  The brick finished walls, the cocktails and then a very decent wine selection.  I wish they had the Revivalist Gin but the cocktail were still very good. The owner was in the restaurant the entire time serving tables...not just acting like a typical jackass owner that shows you to your table.  I watched him serve food and be intimate with patrons.  You don't see this kind of attention to service and food anymore.  I was extremely impressed.   We had the mussels appetizer and the pasta special.  The food was excellent.  Great restaurant and restaurateur who really gives a hoot about your experience.   I would go back here again in a heartbeat.  Thank you for a great unexpected night out.  5 starsExecellent, well-prepared food.  The rigatoni, burger, pork belly, and pierogies are stand-outs.I think we had an off night, or maybe it was understaffed with the business of restaurant week. For an 8pm reservation, we didn't end up leaving until around 11pm. Our first course was erased from the kitchen, so we didn't get our appetizers until 9pm. The server and I think owner were very apologetic and friendly, and gave us a free drink. The food and ambiance are awesome, but food came out very very slow. Everything from the mussels to the steak to the cheesecake were so tasty and delicious. Probably won't be back for a regular dinner service, but may be back for happy hour.Came here to have a nice dinner with family over the holiday weekend and the experience had surpassed our expectations. The staff was welcoming and the food was excellent. The baby artichokes, dill vichyssoise, and the lobster with whole wheat hand-pulled pasta and mushrooms were out of this world. We'll be back!Visited here one Saturday for lunch. Sat outside and service was top notch. Friendly but not hovering. The burger and pancakes were above excellent. Homemade whipped cream, what a treat! Coffee was served HOT, the way I like it, with fresh cream. Love this place.Went for brunch. Totally underwhelmed. Casual atmosphere, neighborhood feel. Dishes sound much tastier on the menu than they actually are. Perhaps better for dinner but probably won't be going there again.Had a fabulous dinner at Lou Bird's during restaurant week.  The Bolognese was delicious as well as the pork belly. Absolutely delicious.  Can't wait to go back!Great neighborhood place! My husband loves the Lou Burger and I love the roasted chicken and ceviche. 
We have also had really yummy brunches here. The crispy potatoes are delicious and I really like the salad Lyonnaise.This is my husband and I's go to brunch spot in the city. We like to visit Lou birds as I love their eggs Benedict and I am a HUGE fan of the Lou burger. I still think this is one of the best burgers in town. They also have delicious bloody Mary's and mimosas which are great when you are nursing a hangover after an evening of cocktails. The staff is also super friendly and attentive. Anytime people ask for recommendations for brunch spots in Philadelphia, my first recommendation is Lou Birds as I think you get the whole brunch package when stopping in.I read a lot of really good reviews about his place and a friend highly recommend I go. So genius me decided to go to Center City/South Philadelphia the day after a 'bomb cyclone '.  20th and South is always hard to locate parking.  Of course I had to arrive 30 minutes before my reservation to ensure parking, I needed ever minute! Thankfully I arrive on time to a empty 'Host' stand. I made eye contact with the server at the bar and got the stare down from the other patrons. After walking over to address her she offered seating I explained I have a reservation. I was offered a seat in the bar area, no I made a reservation to dine and it was too cold to be near the front door. But thanks anyway.
After being seated about 3 minutes later the bar server returned with water. I go over a menu with a fairly balanced menagerie of dining options. Originally I thought to start with two small plate items but WAIT I see two of my favorite things a cheeseburger and kimchi. What's even better they are together!! I await patiently while sipping on a very nice red house wine. In the bar area there are 5 people and the dining area 4. It took the server 10 minutes to approach me. 
Back to cheeseburger with kimchi. The burger was quite small and the kimchi was coleslaw I can imagine a restaurant that is not Korean  making a coleslaw item that spicy and calling it kimchi however this was not spicy nor was a kimchee. The waitress was bubbly and friendly but I was very disappointed in my burger I asked for something hot about four minutes later she came out with a little bit of chopped jalapeños and on the side hot chili paste. By then I was done I think that my items I ordered some pierogies to go and that was enough for me.
The ambience was nice the wages of bubbly and friendly however I found the service slow and the burger disappointing.Mondays are half priced all bottles of wine, Tuesdays you can get a grilled cheese and tomato soup for only $10, and on Wednesdays Lou Bird's has a double happy hour! 5-7 AND 9-11. Great place any day of the week.Went here for dinner for restaurant week. The menu was versatile and the food was awesome! Our waiter was great and even gave us some complimentary wine! The vibe of the restaurant is very relaxed and spacious, not like most restaurants where your tables are so cramped you feel like your eating dinner with strangers. The music was super chill. Really happy we went here and we will definitely be back. We had the gnocchi, pork belly, bolognese, pot pie, chocolate cake and cheesecake. The chocolate cake was super dense so it is absolutely shareable. Everything was delicious!Great place to have a nice dinner, brunch, and/or cocktails! Great ownership, service is always top notch and chef is always adding their creativity to the menu! Highly recommend this place next time you are in the areaGreat food and service!! Owner is very friendly and server was great! The food was delicious!!! Tried the Restaurant Week Menu: green salad, gnoochi, steak frites, and the  chocolate cake, ALL was amazing!As I live very close to this place, I really wanted to like it. I gave it a few tries, but can't say I'll return. The staff always seems somehow perturbed that you're there (they really seem like they don't want to leave bar for the tables), and on several occasions I've arrived in a totally reasonable dinner hour to find that the kitchen is "about to close" (at super weird times, though - seriously). The menu is pretty uninspired to start with, so I don't know how they can't retain one guy to crank out margherita flatbreads. They may sometimes have 1-2 decent beers on tap, but every time I've gone they have already kicked, forcing me to order a cocktail. Also, last visit both I and my partner were really turned off by a chlorine-like chemical taste in both our (different) drinks - maybe bad/old ice? Finally, we were both sick to our stomachs the next day. Bummer all around.Cute place, but certainly understaffed and undertrained. Took about 10 minutes for anyone to come by after we were seated, an additional 40 minutes to get three plates, and 20 minutes to pay the bill. The Brussels sprouts were quite undercooked and inedible and the waffles were cold. No one ever came by to ask how the food was. Will not be coming backGreat atmosphere and better food! Lou Bird's is a neighborhood gem. Highly recommend the dumplings and steak frites. After dinner Norris treated us to cheesecake on the house! Overall great experience - will definitely be back!Food was amazing the drinks were great and the music was just great! Visited from New York and the owners wife Debbie was very welcoming of us and had amazing hospitality. Would definitely recommend. Will be back next time i visit!!Excellent service from beginning to end but the menu and food execution really missed the mark for me. The restaurant was empty which should have made me rethink our decision to stay. The buffalo shrimp was decent but nothing special. The shrimp pasta dish was very basic and lacked creativity- a forgettable dish. The burger was just not good as it was dry and lacked flavor. The chicken pot pie was pretty good but it's a hard dish to screw up. The cheesecake was fine but Whole Foods makes a better one. Overall the food was edible but just not tasty. The food quality was below what I expected. Like I said, the service was excellent but couldn't make up for the poor food. I hope they can revamp the menu and upgrade the quality & creativity of their food.Philly has lots of great restaurants, but this is not one of them. There's a reason this place was empty.
3 of us had dinner here a few weeks ago and 1 was visiting from New York and we were excited to show off how great the Philly dining scene was. This place had been on my list for a  while and has decent reviews. We ordered dumplings, a cheese  board, a charcuterie board, polenta fries, chicken liver mousse, and Bolognese with pork ragu and papardelle. The polenta fries were spongy limp and sad. The waiter couldn't tell us what kind of cheese was brought out and didn't bother telling us what was on the charcuterie plate. The chicken liver mousse was too large a portion for how bad it was. The Bolognese was fine but if you can't do spaghetti...
I was super embarrassed and felt terrible because everything was extremely mediocre or flat out bad. The dumplings we're probably the best and they honestly tasted like they might have been freezer dumplings (but maybe not even as good?). I rarely write bad reviews, but I don't want anyone to waste their money here. I'm not sure how this place is still in business. Avoid it.This is a really great neighborhood place, with some class and a great playlist. The bar and bar areas is very comfortable, usually not packed to where you have to stand or wait for a drink, and you get a real drink not a partial drink in a little half glass like across the street. You can relax and have a nice cocktail and food right in the bar area. The brick walls and open windows in warm weather make it feel a little like being on vacation right in your own backyard. Great drinks and a nice selection of wines by glass, not over the top, and great to have it just a few short blocks away. Sitting outside tonight was particularly pleasant. The burgers are really good here, on a nice brioche bun, and I am pretty picky on burgers. Came out for one tonight because I liked it so much the last time. Pierogies are great too.Unfortunately, I need to give this restaurant a bad rating, not because the quality of the food, which was actually very good, but for the service and the way we were treated by the owner.
We had a reservation for 7:15, but our table wasn't ready so we waited at the bar. While we waited, the owner kept coming up to us and trying to joke about the long wait, saying things like "What happened?" and "What, did they screw things up?", as though he didn't own the place. Forty five minutes later, we figured we weren't going to get a table, so we just ordered food at the bar. Multiple servers came up to us and apologized for the wait, and the bartender, Olivia, was very nice and understanding. Our food then took another hour to come out, and we weren't given anything as compensation! Then the owner had the nerve to say "I hope you come back again soon" as he was leaving (and we were still waiting for our food at this point). You would think that he would have sent us some apps or a round of drinks on the house for the inconvenience, but no, he just made the whole thing seem like a joke. Also, the restaurant wasn't even at maximum capacity and there were plenty of tables we could have been seated at, but instead watched at multiple people walked through the door and were seated immediately. 
Long story short, the food is decent, but the operations are terrible, and the owner does not seem to value good customer service.I recently ate two times with the Princeton Field Hockey Team at Lou Bird's  for a team meal and WE absolutely loved everything about it. The food was phenomenal and the service was exceptional. If there was 10 stars to give Lou Bird's would get it.wooden finishes, crimson lighting, friendly staff, bolognese, curried soup, orange tart and house cocktails.
A great local spot for drinks and apps at the bar or a date in the dining room.
Alas, we've found our midweek spot. 
We've come to Lou birds multiple times in the last month and its always been a happy and relaxing experience. Honestly, that's our favorite part.Had a lovely Mother's Day brunch here. Food was excellent and service could not have been friendlier or more attentive! Love the donut holes for the table while waiting! Mimosas were delicious. And there is a kids menu for the little ones. Very nice, but also kid friendly. Would definitely recommend and will be back to try dinner.Just had an extremely satisfying brunch at Lou Bird's.  Basically, if you want great service, excellent and reasonably priced brunch food, along with a warm and non-crowded ambiance, this is your place.  There were actually many other diners, but the space has such an open feel, and the tables are spaced so comfortably apart, that you do not have that horrible elbowing experience where a restaurant packs as many bodies as they can into one space.  Quite the opposite here, and I kept marveling over the warm and relaxed feel they managed to have despite a pretty busy brunch crowd.  
Which is not to say that the food isn't incredibly prepared and delicious!  I had the 2 eggs/choice of breakfast meat entree and it was just perfect.  Light, fluffy, very fresh scrambled eggs, perfectly (and I mean perfect) prepared potatoes, and a generous portion of chicken sausage (that I couldn't even finish).  Other entrees at the table looked just as wonderful, so from the raves I heard, I'd also recommend the duck confit salad and the gruyere omelette.  Everything about this brunch was really well done.  The service was also fabulous.  Everything came out hot, and we lingered over coffee and Bloody Mary's and never felt as though we were overstaying our welcome.  The bartender who took our orders was super nice.  
We ate inside and the tables outside were all occupied by the time we left.  I would go back in a second.  This really was an amazing brunch find.