I have even waiting in line to see when the next availability was for my lane... I came up to the line that I requested my name bc there was some lanes available and apparently the manager, SEAN... Was very hostile towards me stating that ppl had purchased the lane and there was nothing I could or he could do about it. It was fine until he ended up getting loud with me. It was a question and wasn't trying to be hostile towards him... Until I spoke with, justin... Who apologized for Sean's actions and confirmed our spot and explained to us that there was a party that had purchased a couple of hours of the lane. I wish the manager, Sean, would of explained things better than freak out on me. Def not my intention... Clearly, Sean does not know how to work under pressure... But, thanks justin... You have been great!Heard great things about lucky strike in other cities was really excited to go. Interior was cool and bartenders looked decent. However front desk staff was absolutely horrible. Not sure if it was his first day or not but if so he shouldn't have been alone taking care of customers. We waited 25 min in line just to get a lane mind you there were only two people in front of us... there was not
Many people there so I couldn't really understand why service was so lax. Then our lane wouldn't work and it took another 20 minutes for them just to get someone to look into the problem for us. Manager didn't even come over to our lane to remedy the situation. Majority of staff did not know what they were doing. We waited 45 minutes and didn't even bowl, eventually after waiting all that time we asked for our money because we couldn't wait any longer. Staff had attitude when we expressed our frustrations. Extremely disappointed will not be back unless they decide to fix these issuesI like talking with my friends when I bowl, but I do not need an overpriced place like this to do it.  Yea yea, I live in a city but hush, you, I want fun at a reasonable price.  Go during an earlier time to beat some of the crowd.  The time I went our wait was a pretty reasonable time and we got our lane before we expected it.  The food here is pretty good, and by good I mean greasy goodness snack time!  The drinks seemed a tad bit pricey but looked very cute.
I really like the whole atmosphere of this place, but the price tag just made me bump down a star.  And the fact that our waitress didn't help move our food from the waiting/lounge portion to our lane when we finally got one (i.e. utensils and napkins for six, six plates, and three plates of food, on top of each of us carrying our awesome bowling shoes. just great).Always a good time at Lucky Strike! I tend to go here late night but its a great atmosphere and so much fun when you go with a group of friends! Drink prices here are pretty much in line for a good place in Center City...not cheap but not  overly pricey either.2nd floor bar , the man bartender was only serving men with skinny jeans and deep V neck shirts! He would ignore everyone else! I feel like he was very bias toward the straight guys and woman! Very poor service and will never come back here even if I had to drop a deuce in the bathroom!Came here this past Thursday to grab some drinks and a bartender here named Dennis cured my cold. I asked him to make me some kind of mojito that would clear my sinuses and that he did with a rumplemintz mojito. It was delicious and it cleared my sinuses, what more can I ask for!I like this place. It was pretty fun. I did come during the day however, where it was not so crowded as it is supposed to be at night. The atmosphere was, well, fun. We had a few snacky snacks which were okay .. obviously much better then typical bowling lane food. Leather sofas at the score tables rather then hard plastic benches. Funky decor. Loud music/TV. Fun, fun, fun for everyone.
I'm not one to be caught in the Philla Philla ... but if you were to find me, I'd probably be here !i like my bowling establishments to not be so overtly racist with their dress codes.  And if you think that no baggy pants, no baseball caps, no timberlands isn't trying to say no blacks, you are living in an airy fairy dream world   I didn't realize that the black community wreaked such havoc on bowling alleys.***Review not based on food***
TLDR: Highly recommend the bottomless bowling special, and the front desk dude is dope. 
I went with a couple of my friends for the Mon-Thurs bottomless bowling, and I would do it again in a heartbeat. It's $15 for all you can bowl, with free pool and shuffleboard. This is a great deal, and the place was empty enough that we were able to step away from our lane, play some pool and shuffleboard, and start playing again without being bumped from our lane. 
Some stuff to note is that the pins got stuck in the gutter a couple times, but they were able to fix that promptly. As for the drinks, service was kind of spotty. We ordered and paid for a cider, only to be promised the empty keg would be changed. We checked in twice with the bartender in ~30 min, only to have her finally admit the keg would not be changed that night. We were able to get a more expensive cocktail at the same price, but it was a hassle. 
The reason lucky strike still gets 5 stars from me is cause the front desk guy is awesome. There was a shattered glass incident, and he was very chill about it, and even offered to get us a new drink on the house. He was also super receptive to whenever the lanes needed fixing.  Super impressed!
As for enforced dress code after 9pm, as long as you don't show up in sweatpants you're good. People were dressed very casually.I participate in a bowling league at Lucky Strike on Sundays.  We always waste time waiting for the lane to be fixed after it breaks down.  I'm pretty sure we've had some kind of malfunction every week.  The waitstaff never know what drink specials we're supposed to have.  This isn't their fault, someone in management needs to let them know because we come every week.
The bathroom is pretty gross for what is supposed to be a nice place.
I will return just because its the closest place for me to bowl.  I miss Strikes in UC.Compared to other bowling alleys in the area, this is one of the better ones if you're looking for a classier, trendier environment. I have been to places such as North Bowl in Northern Liberties, which is also very good, but North Bowl tends to necessitate waiting for an hour or two to get on a lane. With Lucky Strike, you tend to get a lane in a reasonable amount of time. Weekends are more crowded than weeknights of course. I belonged to a bowling league that met here on Sundays, and I have hosted a number of work-related events here over the past several years. The staff is friendly, and when you make package reservations, you get food options, and they even provide alcohol if you are willing to spend extra. If you are reading this and are considering a reservation, book in advance, since large group reservations tend to fill up many of the lanes. They have two floors worth of lanes, so there are a number of lanes to go around, but that doesn't mean they can't fill up with group reservations. Group reservations can be a little pricey, but in my case, I can expense much of the cost to my work organization. Just understand the cost if you are making reservations for, say, your friends and family. I have seen some staff here come and go over the years, but there have been regulars here for some time as well. The only con I would say is that while some staff is purely there to serve you, I have dealt with some that are more like salespersons. You have to make sure you are very clear about what you want and need and do not add on more to your package if you do not want or need it. I think that comes with the territory in any place trying to sell you their "regular" package versus their "premium" package.We have had our company holiday party here for a few years and we always have a blast!  The bowling is great, we have access to a pool table, and those who don't want to play either have plenty of room to sit and just hang out!  No matter what, we're guaranteed to have a great time!  The food is good, the servers are fast, and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing at the same time.  The bar is great.  Lots of choices, they have pretty much everything you could want!  The customer service is top notch!  Planning events is always smooth and easy and they are very accommodating.  Especially when dealing with Heather M!  She is very professional and extremely helpful!!  I would recommend Lucky Strike to anyone looking for a place to have a party or just bowl and hang out!The atmosphere was good the drinks were just mediocre. I had a few beers and some appetizers and played a few games of pool.  All the prices we within reason for the area.  However when I was ready to leave I went to the bar to signal the bartender to tell him to close my tab out and he replies that "we don't do that here you have to go to the other end of the bar."  So I go to the other end of the bar and the other bartender tells me that I cant close my tab out. So i look for the manager, upon finding her I explain to her whats been going on and she is not the least bit happy. She promptly goes behind the bar and asks the bartender what is going on and he tells her the same thing. She is furious with him and tells him that this is not the way we deal with customers.  She retrieves my bill and I paid my tab and left.  Needless to say I will not be coming back to that establishment, if that is how customers are treated. I don't care how busy you are at night.How disappointing! I used to frequent this place all the time for lunch when I worked across the street. I know it's a bowling alley, but they always had great burgers, homemade chips, and decent beer selections. Granted, that was 3 years ago, but we were in the area in need of a quick bite. I had always talked about how they were literally my favorite burger, so why not revisit? They changed their menus (again). This is the second major menu change here that I survived, but barely. They got rid of all normal burgers! It was regular burger, mushroom burger, or super spicy burger, or pulled pork. So for ppl that want a regular moo cow burger, you're choices are nothing. And no more homemade chips. It was just such a disappointment. Not that I frequent this place often or these days but I'm out from returning for anything other than bowling and miller lite.Everything about this place sucks - the food, the prices, the decor, but most of all, the people, especially the management. Worst customer service I've ever had anywhere. Horrible, horrible, horrible. I would sooner eat half-eaten pizza from the trash can than give them another penny.Incredibly disrespectful staff. We walked into lucky strike around 8:45 on a Saturday evening and were grouped together with another group of drunk patrons that were disrespectful to the staff. The staff told us we couldn't play pool, could not reserve a lane to bowl, and were basically told to leave and go somewhere else to eat. We hadn't had anything to drink in nearly two hours and were grouped in with the disrespectful group ahead of us in line. It was outrageous. I won't be returning to Lucky Strike anytime soon.Terrible.
I didn't know it was possible for a place to screw up bowling so badly.
I was excited about a venue for adults that didn't want the teenagers in athletic gear drinking from whiskey from their pepsi bottle sort of crowd. Unfortunately, that is EXACTLY what we were next to. 
Three of the six people didn't even rent bowling shoes. They were yelling inappropriately and treating the place like it was BYO . The staff just ignored them.
Also the waiter was pretty decent so me and two friends decided we were going to give 20%, but before we had a chance, the waiter included 20% on our check without even asking us (for three people). I know I was planning on doing 20% anyways but I at least want it to be my choice.
Overall this place was a waste of money, we all just wanted to get out as soon as possible.
Seriously, even if you like bowling. Do. Not. Go.
I wish I paid more attention to the other reviews. This place is horrible.So much fun. I brought my daughter and her friends here for her 19th bday. Grown up yet kid-like entertainment. Lets adults frel like kids. Im comin for my 50th... yay cant wait. Gonna have a blast like always. Why is everyone so worried about prices..  just come and have fun. You cant put a price tag on that..  can you,?We had our company holiday party there on Friday and it was great!  The staff was so accommodating and even went out of their way to make sure things were going just as we wanted.  Everyone at the party seemed to have a fun time. Will definitely be back!!Never had a bad time at this bowling alley!
Never ate here.
Drinks are good.
Very friendly Staff!I loved the place and the service, everybody was so nice and helpful. If you don't have a reservation for a Saturday night I recommend to go somewhere else since you can't wait until two hours  other than that everything was awesome.I came here on a Friday night at 7 pm and the place was nearly empty because it was so beautiful outside, so that may be the trick if you want to grab a lane without the wait!
I suggest going in a big group because it can be pricey. We had 5 people and it was around $17/person for an hour. Drinks were not insanely expensive, and the food was reasonably priced as well! 
Food picks: fried sweet potato tots and nachos were both tasty and shareable. 
Very friendly service and attentive wait staff. There is also lots of space to sit and relax (though the music is pretty loud), or play games like giant jenga! Plus there are pool tables and a ping pong table if you want to mix it up. Overall, great place for a night out.Ok, it is a bowling alley right?  You rent shoes which have been worn by countless people and somehow your fingers just smell funky from the bowling ball, yes?  My parents are both bowlers.  They are great bowlers, and alas, I was not so lucky.  I am a sucky bowler, but I have fun at the alley.  
Anyway, onto the review.  Honestly, I felt that the drinks were overpriced for what you were getting.  I heartily believe that my vodka/tonic was watered down.  We waited for a few hours only to end up paying $7 per person per game + $3 for shoes and we only got to play one game because they were closing at 10pm.  Lame.  And all this was on a Monday night!  The place was so packed that we had to wait until special groups were done before we could get our turn.
BTW the waitresses, those poor dears, looked like they should have been at the roller derby not a bowling alley.  All in all, I don't think we will be back soon, at least not if we actually want to bowl.  
Take my advice, just drive over to South Jersey and find some lanes in Cherry Hill then head over to some random diner.  Ah, the perfect blue collar night!I have been here before, but this week was my first happy hour experience. The drink specials are top-notch, with both $2 and $3 drafts and $4 wines. I heard that the $5 mixed drinks taste very watered down, so I stuck with beer. The food was also pretty good, and we had plenty to share for our group. The lanes are clean, the lighting is cool, and the place was nice and quiet at 5 pm so we easily got a lane.
The bowling here is pricy! We took advantage of the empty place and made our one game last well over two hours. Obviously we weren't very intense about bowling, but it was a nice thing to do while catching up over some food and drinks.
This place is not that bad! I definitely recommend going during happy hour in the middle of the week. You will feel like you got your money's worth! Yes, there are absolutely cheaper, and better places to go bowling in Philadelphia...but, NOT in Center City. So, if it's the location and convenience you want, pay up!This place is not high-end like it claims the be. The furiture kept moving around while we were bowling it was annoying. The drinks were way too overpriced. We spend two hours of bowling which rounded up to 200 dollars and the lane seems a little shorter than average. this is the last time Im ever coming here againRude staff. Wait for hours. Not worth your time. If you like TGI Fridays and waiting around this place is a blast.Rude management.  Many repeated technical errors-unresolved by management.  Unfriendly, lack of warmth, not fun, expensive.  Horrible food.  Really bad service.   Style over substance.   Do not cater to kids at all.   Extremely frustrating experience overall.   Dark even in the day time.  Lots of potential but don't spend your hard money on potential fellow Philadelphians.   We have too many fun places with great food and great service.  It's not too much to ask.I went here on a first date with my now-boyfriend...so I guess it can't be all that bad, huh?
But seriously, folks, this place is a lot better than your average neighborhood bowling place. This could be due to the fact that it's hella expensive, thus weeding out the  12-year-old kids contingent. There's a lounge area where you can wait for lanes to open (as a note, it took half an hour for one to open up for us), which is pretty cool. It has an overall less seedy vibe than any other place I've gone to bowl. Our server showed up once and then never again, but whatever, we didn't need him anyway.really good service but the overall appearance of the place wasn't great. the couches were super crappy and had the broken, jagged pieces of a clearly super worn couch. probably won't return.Ok, where do I begin? 
The Good: 
The cheese fries with seasoned ground beef are YUMMY! So are the fried macaroni thingies! 
The Bad: 
I booked a reservation for 10 people with Dionna the Tuesday before the party. 
Saturday night the birthday girl arrives while I'm still en route, and she's informed that we don't have a reservation - despite Dionna's insistence that our reservation was booked. They had a few open lanes though, so we were able to get into one of those. 
Our waiter, we'll call him "Moshua", was not the friendliest, but whatever - maybe he was tripping off of the fact Lucky Strike is "high class" bowling alley. "Moshua" brought our food and drinks, and then disappeared for a while. My friends bowled (I haven't bowled in years b/c I need those blow-up bumpers to even get my ball down the lane - don't judge me!). 
So "Moshua" came over to see if we needed anything else, and I ordered a dessert for my friend so we could sing happy birthday to her. I also asked Joshua if they sing there. He said no, so I asked him if he'd sing - he declined, and then he didn't even bring the dessert - he had a runner bring it. 
Also, the bathrooms were FILTHY! Seriously, I could smell them before I even walked inside. There is NO REASON for a ladies room to EVER smell like that! My friend is a nurse and even she was disgusted!
I think the birthday girl described it best - at Lucky Strike, they have a way of making guests feel like they're inconveniencing the staff, which makes ABSOLUTELY no sense, since they are PAID to serve us. 
Also, the website claims that there's a dress code - but um, that place was HARDLY fabulous, as it is a BOWLING ALLEY! I didn't expect to have to don a ball gown, but I felt like I was one of the dressiest people there!
After we left, we were informed by a friend of the birthday girl who wasn't able to make the party that Lucky Strike is notoriously racist. I don't know how much truth is in that, but I do know that I didn't feel very welcome, and also know that I won't be back.Nice bowling alley! Pretty good vibe. However when we went the A/C was out so it was extremely hot inside. We could only play one game and we had to go before we passed out. It is also super expensive to bowl here. It's probably because it's right in the middle of downtown but the prices seemed a little outrageous.Bartenders are the most rude people on the planet and the bar wasn't even packed. Not a good first experience. Won't be back.We were there tonight for their Halloween party. The service was absolutely terrible! We paid for a server and bottle service. The waiter was horrible when we actually saw him which was rarely. Not to mention the fact that he spilled an entire beer on one of us. At one point I actually went up to the bar just to order water because we hadn't seen the waiter in 45 minutes. The wait at the bar was ridiculous. I was repeatedly skipped over. However, I made it back to the table a half hour later, and the waiter still hadn't been back to the table! I had to track the waiter down to order food and when it came it was not what I ordered. The bathroom was disgusting! There was trash everywhere, no soap, no paper towels, and no toilet paper for at least an hour! This was my first time at this place and it will certainly be my last!Turns into a pretty upbeat place after 9 PM.  Drinks are a bit pricey, but the food is reasonable and pretty good considering it's a chain.  The service is good, the layout is neat, and I would recommend Lucky Strike's over North Bowl in NoLibs.  Make sure you check the dress code, and I'm pretty sure it's 21+ after a certain time.$75 per hour per lane on Friday & Saturday nights?  What a ripoff.  We arrived around 11:15pm on a Saturday night and wanted to pay for 2 hours.  Girl says she can't sell us 2 hours because they close at 2 am.  Fine, so we pay for 1 hour.  Instead of sending us to the upper level which apparently stays open later, we get assigned a lane on the lower level.  (We found this out after having our game shut down in the middle of a roll, forcing us to finish our drinks at the bar, then get asked to move upstairs which stays open later.)  WTF!?
I drank beer, but others in my party went for rum & Cokes which were super weak.  When bringing it to the attention of the bartender, the reply was "In a good drink, you can't taste the alcohol."  Really?  Can I get a sack of magic beans to go please?
On a positive note, it's a clean & fun facility, but the staff needs to educate customers & be more service-oriented.I'm in a bowling league through Lucky Strike, so I've been bowling there at least once a week for the better part of 3 years. By far the best place to bowl in Philly. There is a great atmosphere, and the delicious food and great service are just the icing on the cake. The staff is friendly, helpful, and always willing to sort out any issues that arise. The fact that my games are only 90 minutes long, but I spend about 6 hours there every time I go speaks for itself. They have plenty of activities to keep people entertained and great drink specials!I would give this place negative stars if I could. Call ahead of time, they say no wait. We get there and the lady says give them half hour. Okay. 1 hour later the lady says "I lied" when I said she told us half an hour. I was baffled. Thirty minutes later and we're still waiting. Probably not even going to bowl now. Everything costs money while you wait also. Service sucks. Avoid.Another place on the itinerary for my buddy's bachelor party last weekend.  Let me start by saying..it's allright to throw a gutterball when the blondes in fishnets start parading down the runway adjacent to the lanes...decent bar food and unlimited bowling and open bar arrangements available...Good place to kill sometime before our next destinations....Plus management never objected to our Iron man style hurl the bowling ball down the the other teams lane as hard as you can because we only have 10 minutes left competition..  The place lacks the cheese fries,  stale smoke in the air, bathroom overflowing, bar from the movie Star Wars that would make Jeffrey Lebowski say right on.  Dude...this place isn't for you dude.DING!  DING! DING!
Lucky Strike you are lucky enough to be my 100th review!  (I am throwing confetti in the air between key strokes).
I was involved in a large event at Luck Strike last year and was very pleased with how it went down.  The service was good the food and the food was excellent.   I had a great time not having to worry about all the details because the event coordinator was very helpful from start to finish.  I can't really speak much about the bowling aspect because I spent more time boozing and eating than actually bowling but it seemed like everyone actually bowling was having a good time.The Rude Service is awful and the attitude is pathetic! 
The front desk caters to who they know and price accordingly if you start bitching.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR $$$ 
Place is Dirty from the Drinking Glasses to the Bowling Balls, Pool Table areas and lounge chairs are filthy!Absurdly overpriced. $9 for a watered down whiskey and an extra $2 to get it on ice. Horrible service and insanely expensive. We split the check on 2 different cards and when the transaction cleared it all went I to one card. Avoid at all cost.We wanted to waste some time before an open bar so we stopped in to Lucky Strikes. Aside from the odd stairwell, everything looked way better than your average bowling alley.
Lots of couches and waiting areas doused in medium-ish light, pool tables, and rows of bowling alleys? Can you say awesome?
However, we didn't get to experience the awesomeness since we were told the waiting time for a bowling alley was 3 hrs.
They did have really clean and nice bathrooms too. I'll try to check it out the next time I'm in the area (assuming its not a weekend night with a multiple hour wait!)Just came home from an after work "happy hour" at Lucky Strike and could not have had a more frustrating experience.  We showed up with 12 people for the specials advertised from 5-7 and went on to book 2 lanes.  We payed for one game at first, planning on adding a second game for those who wanted to stay later.  We were told it would be $10/person for the first game, and then $5/person for every game thereafter.  So we start bowling, eating, and drinking at our leisure, and then just as we were about to finish the game our waitress informed us that we'd have to wrap it up as there was a reserved party coming onto our lane in 10 minutes!
Hearing this surprise, 2 of us immediately went to the host desk to see what the deal was.  The worker there basically told us the same thing so we asked to speak to a manager.  She came over and once again said that we'd have to finish our game in 10 minutes and then evacuate the lane for this private party.  We told her that it was not made known to us from the start that we could only play one game, or that we had to be done in a certain amount of time.  Her response totally made it seem like we were in the wrong and were taking too long, and then offered us a game on her on the next available lane . . .  WHICH WAS IN 2 HOURS!!!
I've been here a bunch of times and had nothing but great experiences each one.  But the audacity of this manager, Shari, to take no responsibility and not even have the decency to make it up to us other than telling us to wait 2 hours fully ensures that this will be my last.  When we told her some of us had just ordered food she said "I'd be happy to have that moved to the couch area for you!"  If you're looking for a fun and easy place to bowl, then North Bowl in Northern Liberties is  much more friendly and accommodating.This is a different option for happy hour after a long day at work. In my head to keep customers from getting too drunk there are so many things to do while eating and possibly drinking. What place in center city Philadelphia can you find pool tables. bowling, table and video games? Not many that I'm aware of. A few months ago I attended a Sixers season ticket holder event here at Lucky Strike. During the event the staff did a very good job of keeping the hors d'oeuvres following nicely throughout the space and timed perfectly.  This would be a nice choice for an after work event or a party as they have spaces specifically for these types of events.
On this occasion I stopped in after a fashion show at Macy's across the street and before a movie at the Prince Theater a block away. This lounge is very close and convenient to shopping, other more formal dining and the arts in Philadelphia. During happy hour they have a nice drink and food selection menu. I have added the menu to my attached photos. Whenever I can find the 'City Wides' special I always order it, here the cost is $3.00 and you have the choice of Miller High Life Beer or Pabst Blue Ribbon. I think it's a nice touch to have an option. Since I would be in the movie theater for a few hours and the Prince does not sell actual food not to mention the concessions are way overpriced in my opinion, why not grab something to eat. In fast food and non seafood establishments I'm generally reluctant to order fish but in this case 'Fish and Chips' were $8.00 during happy hour so I went for it. I'm glad I did as this was not the typical frozen Mrs. Paul's codfish. I was very pleased with the crispiness of the batter and the flakiness of the 'meaty' fish. The fries appeared to be in house 'fresh' cut fries, they had a nice crisp not over cooked texture and not overly salty. The service was fair nothing to speak of one way or another, so no need to address it. For a review that can be a bad thing. 
The next time I'm downtown I will make sure to stop in and try another item on the menu. The MAJOR concern I have is, the customers tend to congregate in front of the entrance making it difficult for people walking on the pavement to pass easily. When you say excuse me in order to continue to pass the customers leaving or going into Lucky Strike can be very rude and ignorant with their response or lack there of. This may be a deterrent to some customers that may consider going inside. This should be monitored and addressed by Lucky Strike!! I'll reserve the option to update and increase the stars or review score based on more information. Until then happy hour bowling!Great place for a night out without the kids. I came here for a watch party and really enjoyed myself.I joined a PSN Bowling League and our games are held Sunday nights at Lucky Strike. Our league pretty much takes up an entire floor of the bowling alley, so the lanes are reserved and it's been really fun. I've been here once before (non-league), during the week to play a few games and that was enjoyable too. 
There are several pool tables, a full bar, and a full food menu of apps, salads, entrees and desserts. I've only tasted the nachos, but I've seen several other dishes devoured like there was no tomorrow. There are projectors streaming mostly sports on the large screens above the bowling pins, so you can bowl and watch "the game". There is also plenty of couch space and tables behind each lane.  I've been in two lanes that have broken down for one reason or another and it took a bit of time to get the situation remedied. This was a bit frustrating because we bowl based on time and try to fit in as many full games as we can, but for the most part service has been good. 
I would never come here on a Friday or Saturday night. 1. Too busy. 2. They list a dress code. Not that I regularly wear chains, soiled clothing, or motorcycle/gang colors, but the fact that they feel the need to list a dress code makes me wonder what type of crowd frequents this establishment. I've seen and have not been surprised that the wait for a lane can be upwards of an hour on the weekend. It's understandable, it's a cool place to hang out! I've been to several bowling alleys in Philly and Lucky Strike had been lower on my list.  The trick is to come here during off peak times to have the best experience possible.Location is great, lanes are alright, foods good.  But the figure holes in the balls could be a little bigger.I enjoyed my outing at Lucky Strikes for a variety o reasons. Around this time for the past few years, I make a trip down to Philly to celebrate my friends birthday over the weekend. The weekend usually is comprised of several events and activities. This year, Lucky Strikes made its way onto the itinerary. 
The place is very spacious unlike the one in NY. We arrived mid day and I could really get a chance to appreciate all aspects of the place. 
My friends ordered food and I ordered a drink from their massive bar. I noticed the super sized games for kids. The game area for kids was a plus because our party included kids. There was also a pool table area and that impressed me as well. The bowling was fantastic and I even got 2nd place! My next trip to Philly will include bowling at Lucky Strikes.We took a group of 8th graders here during a week-long field trip in Philadelphia, and I believe this was easily their favorite activity from the trip. We were well taken care of by the staff and given sufficient liberty of the facilities. The students had nothing to worry about except having a great time!
The staff kept a consistent flow of refills all night. They had four pitchers for us: root beer, water, lemonade, and...Shirley Temples! That was a cool touch. For food, they kept us full on wings, fried mac and cheese balls (cool), and cheese pizza. The pizza was not my favorite; I liked the amount of cheese and the super thin crust, but the flavor was a little off. I think they used dried herbs for the sauce or something. It had that kind of taste to it.
Overall, very "hip" place. Music was great (trendy without playing anything inappropriate--kudos!) and lighting was fun.Since a lot of times the day and time and context of a visit greatly influences a first impression of a place, I'm sticking with 4 stars for Lucky Strike. I'd have to go a few more times to be able to tell whether bumping it up a star is meritable (is that a word?)
There are plenty of admissions that can be made for this place, like that it's a bit hipstery (whatever it means), the game prices are high, the over-abundance of screens can be both nice and annoying, among other things (like the bouncer), but in my experience the whole place represents a very refined modern day way of spending a simple night out and having some fun. The music was diverse (3 songs I really like and was surprised to hear), the food was GOOD, the place was spacious, the floating screens ruled, there were bowling lanes available (they're not to be taken seriously, just in fun), there were pool tables if you prefer, the bathrooms were just fine, no cover charge, a nice stacking and blending of areas and aesthetics: bar, semi-couch-chaises, tables, barstool tables behind the side bowling lane seats, and 2 levels/floors each with a slightly different look and feel.
It was like Dave & Busters without the videogames, and nicer.
Overall it's an easy place to hang out and have fun without feeling too formal or too disorganized. Dress how you like, take a date or a friend, and enjoy yourself!OK, now that my 3 year old is nearly 7 - this place is a wee bit more appropriate.  (Incidentally she had her 6th birthday party and will have her 7th also at North Bowl).  Meanwhile - we popped in for a quick game (she bowled - I watched - our poor server, Dennis (bless his heart) served us 2 glasses of water).  $11.00 for 1 game ($5.95) plus show rental.
Sheesh.  Glad I didn;t order a cocktail.
Meanwhile - the BASE price for a kis party here is now $25 a head.
The music was very loud - but they turned it down for us.
Lanes are clean and seating is comfortable.
Very "clubby" - just as it was when we came here years ago.
The 7 year old loves it! (But - she did say that she likes North Bowl better - and so do I for many reasons.)
It sure ain't the crappy old bowling alley that I grew up with!I really want to like this place but it just never delivers.  The atmosphere is the making for a good time.  Comfy couches, low lighting, funky art and big televisions.  Even their bowling shoes are nicer than your average bowling place.  The lanes are new and never seem to be having problems.
But, the downfall comes with 1. the price and 2. the service.  This place is stupidly expensive.  Their specials don't do it for me, either.  The employees have a lot of attitude.  I get it, you're cool and we're not.  
If you have a lot of money to burn and a fun group of people, you'll probably have a good time.  But, you could probably find something more fun to do for way less money.So I went to Lucky Strike's for a meetup yesterday afternoon and I enjoyed myself.  It seems like there's lots of kids around and it's definitely more of a "normal" bowling alley feel.  My Bloody Marys were Bloody Awful and the service was kind of spotty.  One star for the lane guy giving us 10 more minutes on the lane because of some confusion over when the time started.
Oh, and I was severely out of dress code wearing a hooded sweat shirt and a sports jersey (The Mighty Manchester City FC were playing that morning) and the dress code was not "strictly enforced" for me.  I am unsure if this is because I am a white woman and clearly not the target of the dress code (see my previous review) or if because it was at noon on a Saturday and no one cared or saw what I was wearing.Good place to bowl in the city it is massive and has three floors. ! i have always been here with large groups. One thing i would reccomend is to order the fried mac n cheese balls they are delicious!Went to Lucky Strike for a company Holiday party over the past weekend and had a pretty good time. 
The atmosphere was more like a bar that also has bowling. We had private lanes reserved off to the side so that kept us contained in our own little world. The food was pretty decent considering it's a bowling alley, but would be just average for a pub. The fried mac & cheese was pretty good though. 
The staff was was friendly and accomodating. The waitress did forget my drink order several times, but that was probably more a function of too many people in our group for one waitress to easily handle. 
I can't on the pricing because I didn't have to pay for anything. 
All in all Lucky Stike is a better choice than going to your standard bowling alley for non-bowlers such as myself.This is the swankiest bowling alley you'll ever find, and I just love this place.  There's just something about a smelly, flourescent-ly lit, dingy bowling alley that I find unappealing, and the thought of putting my feet into shoes that some other person has sweated in turns my stomach, but Lucky Strike takes bowling to a whole other level.  It's got a great martini-bar style atmosphere, and it's roomy, so it's good for crowds.  Every time I've been there, my friends and I have had to wait for a lane, but it's okay because we also went there to order food and have some cocktails.  They give out those vibrating coaster things that let you know when your lane is ready, so you can enjoy yourself in the bar area until then.  The cocktails are well-done, and the food is really, really good.  My only complaint is that the food and drinks are a bit on the pricey side.  The bowling is pretty reasonable, though - $4.95/game before 5 p.m., $5.95/game after 5 p.m., and $3.95 for shoe rental.  
The bowling experience is also fun.  It's got cool lighting, clean shoes, a vast assortment of balls (so that a weakling like me can find a light one), and the people the next lane over are likely to be really fun, cool, young people to talk to rather than the pot-bellied old me you find in other bowling alleys.  I'm pretty sure that there are Lucky Strikes in other cities, too, but this is the only one in Philly, and it's worth checking out, even if you don't plan to bowl at all.Their Mon-Thurs special is amazing! $15 for unlimited bowling, pool, and ping pong 9pm-12am. We took my family who were in town visiting and we were all impressed with how nice it looked inside and the friendliness of the staff here, very different than the attitudes I have seen at other locations in other cities. There was a minor problem with our lane and when we asked a staff member to look into it, they gave us a new lane as well as $50 in gift cards for our trouble (which was seriously minor). We will definitely be back with friends to enjoy the weeknight special, although the priciness of food and bowling other times will probably limit us to only weeknight customers.I decided to have a bowling party and initially decided on North Bowl or Strikes in West Philly (now closed). I was nervous because of the reviews on here and potential for a bro-down stuffy over priced loud club. Strikes closed, and NoLibs was not convenient for many of my center city guests, so we committed to Lucky Strikes.
Upon arrival our reservation still stood and the staff was friendly. Drinks were about on par for any other center city joint (not pub prices, but "club" prices) but drinks were stout and the service was quick and friendly. The food was great (for a bar/bowling alley) and didn't leave us feeling ripped off. Lane set-up was easy and the staff was quick to assist adding players. 
We got there thirty minutes early and hung out shooting billiards, lounging on the couches and watching football. The place was clean and playing decent music. There is a variety of seating and hanging areas. The lanes have couches instead of benches. As the night wore on it got more clubby and way louder but hey, thats the gig for them. After we bowled we lounged on their clean and comfy couches.
Honestly, I was really impressed with how clean and smooth the place operated. Although it is gimmicky, it still felt authentic. I would even go here just to hang out again.
Keep in mind this place is center city and supposed to be an experience . If you want to bowl cheap, the suburbs are the best bet, but if you live in the city this is convenient and fun. Even my "hippest of hip" friends thought it was a cool time. I look forward to going back.It is very nice inside of here. A little overpriced for the bowling though. Our lane stopped working and it seemed like the bar and staff were too busy to care about the bowlers that pay a lot of money to bowl.
Food is mediocre. I probably won't be back.I went here on a Monday to celebrate my 21st birthday. I had arrived and I wasn't really feeling like celebrating but when I saw the place I changed my mind it's a nice place to hang back and relax. The workers were very friendly some people might have called my waitress lazy but she helped me out a lot she explained things to me (such as the different types of drinks) and helped me decide which would be best for me. I loved it there and I would go back! Yeah the price is up There but hey it's worth it especially if you want a nice CLEAN not really rowdy place. Oh yeah the food is great also.Great place for a party - we usually have my Firm's holiday party here and it's so fun. The food is much more than you'd expect at a bowling alley. Drinks help too! Also love the other features they have - giant Jenga, ping pong, pool, etc. - for those who are huge bowlers. But always a good time!I've been to Lucky Strike a few times - mostly for work-related parties.  It's not really the type of place I'd choose to hang out at... because it's extremely douchey.  
Quick Story:  A friend of mine was given some free bowling passes as a thank you from the owners of this place for an event they helped put on.  But when we arrived there was a big debacle regarding whether or not they had to honor them.  Eventually they did, but the argument left a bad taste in my mouth.  It just seemed really unclassy to be nickel-and-dimed by an establishment that prides itself on being upscale.
The bartender and waitstaff all seem really friendly, I think the problem lies with the management.  Lucky Strike is overpriced, self-important, and makes you want to take a long shower afterwards to wash away the icky.I came here after finals as a celebratory group outing on a Thursday night. The place was pretty fun! Definitely large enough to accommodate our group of 30+ in addition to normal patrons. Beverages were a bit pricey, but that's to be expected. Good appetizers/ bar food. Decent service and tunes. This place definitely excels in the cool atmosphere department. The lit up bowling alley was definitely a nice change from the typical bar setting I usually reside at!Came here on a rainy day on a trip to Philly. For some reason, I expected this place to be run down like many bowling alleys but it was very modern and hip, with almost a cosmic bowling vibe in the middle of the day. They have 2 floors which is kinda cool, and the prices were decent for the fancy-ness level. We were told its a better bet to pay for the hour of bowling at $45 instead of by game. With not a TON of guests on a Sunday, the service was a bit slow and the guy had to scurry around the place to find a second pair of 7's, which is a pretty basic shoe size. We ordered a beer tower the minute we got to our lane and it took the waiter forEVER to return with glasses. He basically delivered the tower and left for 20 minutes, but we saw him helping other customers along the way as our beer got warm. When we asked him a second time about getting some cups, he seemed annoyed with us. The bowling itself here was fun, suggestion would be that each lane had like the basic array of balls because I had to awkwardly go over to other lanes to find lighter bowling balls. In the end, for $45, we only had time to play 2 games so it might have still been cheaper to do game by game but oh well.i went for a kids birthday party. The kids had a great time but the parents did have to deal with bad service and attitudes. Because i am not worth it, I felt like i should be on my knees for being served. The Drinks were expensive. The best time to visit this place is off peak hours. Great for kids birthday party.Lucky Strike: sullen waitresses, weird bowling, decent snacks.
As a bar, it's fairly mediocre-- unless you hit it up during Center City Sips, when both drinks and snacks are half off (we each had two drinks and a huge appetizer for about $12) and the bartenders are miraculously attentive for two hours. Their hummus needs lemon, but the "tomato grilled cheese s'mores" are delish.
The bowling is strange, especially if you're used to bowling at plumbers' league night somewhere out in the 'burbs. Lucky Strike takes the cheesy fun out of bowling and makes it into a yuppie scenester event. However, their pool tables are surprisingly nice (and free!) You get the same decent drink service from the wait staff at the pool tables, so it's an alternative to waiting for one of the overbooked lanes.
Speaking of which, poor waitresses. I'd be surly too if my uniform made me look like one of Marilyn Manson's cheerleaders.
Finally, if you're cheap and maybe a little shady, Lucky Strike hosts a lot of corporate-sponsored parties, so those of you who can blend in with the Comcast crowd can sidle up to the bufffet table... and get a tangible return on your cable bill. Score one strike for the little guy.Nice place for a night out with a group. We had a private area that was sectioned off with 4 lanes and a pool table. Clean fun and good music. The only negative is the food. Burgers, Mac and cheese bites, little cheese toasts...all very bland and boring.Lucky strike has an okay food. I ordered French fries and mash potato. My mash potato did not come with any grayvee. I was eating my potato dry. I wouldn't recommend ordering food from here unless you're really desperate to store something in your stomach.
On the other hand I really enjoy coming here for pool. The place has a really nice hip and calm atmosphere. The dimmed lightning, the micky mouse painting/photo on the wall, and the modern music that are popular nowaday. The price for an hour of pool is only 10 dollars so it's pretty cheap if you go with 4 people! Also Lucky Strike also has a very nice bathroom! Its bathroom is definitely comparable to Olive Garden, Ruby Tuesday, and Maggiano! I'm not a sport person but this may also be a good place to watch sports because it has a lot of flat screen TV's showing sport news and stuff.What kind of bowling alley has a DRESS CODE?  This one!
A friend of mine tried to meet us here the other night and was not allowed in because he was wearing a plain white shirt.  Come. On.  I get that this is not supposed to be your average bowling alley, but a DRESS CODE?!  
One star.  Shame on you.i came to this place during a work event but i don't think i would ever come here by myself. the food here is meh. the drinks are expensive. some of the staffs are less than friendly. overall, not a fan.A good place for a little bit of fun. Don't expect gourmet food, but the servers are nice. The atmosphere is designed for fun. It's not just a typical bowling alley as the frequently have a dj and the lighting is designed for fun and less for function. Bowling isn't the only activity either. After a few games of bowling we rented ping pong paddles and then a pool table. If you're looking for a place that isn't a typical bar, give this place a try. It isn't a cheap night out, but it's something different.I like the idea of a more social experience while bowling.  Breaking down the cluster of each lane to a wide open experience.  Very nice.  Also nice losing the old vinyl floors, clouds of smoke and the ball rack dividers.  The food is also a little more upscale, allowing for dinner and entertainment in the same place, which is also great on cold nights.  You can have a party with friend here and it doesn't feel like you are throwing a party for a 12 year old.
It is also a nice bar area, with a decent amount of TVs to help unwind during the evening.  I have always had a good time here.  If you like bowling, but never liked the bowling alley, here is your place.
The restrooms are decent, private stall tucked away behind all the action, generally stocked, but can get a little suspect later in the evening.  3 FlushesI came here twice now with a group of friends. The place has a very hip ambiance to it. Lounge area, leather seats, a bar towards the back, and a menu with typical bar food. They also have a few pool tables also. The drinks are whatever in my opinion, and I've never had the food here. Servers do come up to your lane and asks what they can get for your lanes though, which is nice. We usually play about 2-3 games, and the price for this place is more expensive than what I am used to back at home. Nonetheless, it is a decent place to take a group of friends to have a good time bowling.too flashy, too expensive, too annoying. not sure it it was an off day. but the service sucked too. i had met up with a party after bartending all day at a wedding. all i wanted to do, was chill and have someone bring my drinks for a change. when the girl finally came over. she was wearing sunglasses. i am guessing, it was to hide the fact that she was less than sober. i asked for a kettle and club with a lemon. after 15 minutes, i got a pear absolute with 7up. no lemon. she told me, thats what she likes to drink, so she assumes i'll like it too. are you kidding me? wtf? i sent it back. waited another 15 minutes for the drink i wanted. no lemon. asked her for a lemon. she never came. i had to get it myself. the crowd was too yuppie with fancy jeans. i was just not impressed and more than annoyed. i never went back, and have no plan to.Overall decent place for those looking to bowl within the city. The place itself is set up with a very open and inviting  feel since you have different options to choose from to entertain besides just bowling. Other games include billiards, ping pongs, and large size childhood games such as Jenga and Connect 4. Areas for improvement include the non HH prices for food and prices for bowling in general. This place is quite pricey unless you are going specifically for one of their deals. Food wise  - the place has decent options for bowling alley, but overall would recommend to save your appetite to eat somewhere with all the great options the city has to offer.The place is a lot of fun, and if you go in as an individual, I would probably give it 3 stars (good is only "okay"). 
However, if you try to bring over a group their events people are HORRIBLE. They provide no flexibility or interest in working with you. To say throwing a party here is the WORST experience would be an under statement. I have had one party here, last year, because they worked with us and it was great. Wanted to try again this year, and they went back to being unworkable. 
I just told the person planning this corporate event to slap me if I ever suggest going to Lucky Strike again.   They have absolutely no customer service.I stopped by Lucky Strike on a Saturday afternoon and I can see why some people on here bash it. To be honest, if you want to go just straight up bowling, LS might not be for you. It has the look and feel of a Stephen Starr establishment and the prices to match. Personally, I liked the atmosphere and got a kick out of the waitresses fishnet stockings. My only gripe is that there was a wait of approx 90 min at 3pm on a Saturday so if you really want to get some games in maybe go on a weekday. I also got a kick out of the transition of families bowling in the afternoon to mid 20-somethings coming in for the evening to socialize.i went here a couple weeks ago with a friend. we had a really good time. it wasn't too crowded, because we got there around 6pm. we had a reservation to bowl and were a little early, so we got a couple drinks at the bar first. when we got our lane, we played 2 frames to fun alternative/80s music. we had a waitress pop over every few minutes for drinks or food (which we didn't get). 
the only crappy thing is we felt a little rushed. there was a party coming in and apparently we weren't bowling fast enough. to be fair, it was a large party that took up half the place (looked like a work xmas party). that aside, i'll definitely go back. where else can you actually enjoy bowling in a nice place with decent drinks in town?Nice concept but poorly executed. The server we had assumed her tip before I had a chance to give it to her. When I asked for my change she got and attitude and when she return with my change she began to question me on how the service was. There are better place to play pool and bowl IMO.Really cool place to spend a night out with some friends, especially a larger group.  Fun and relaxing whether you bowl or not.  Servers are very efficient while you're bowling. Didn't eat, but the food looked and smelled amazing.  Drinks were great, but pretty costly, but that's the city for ya.  The prices don't stop at the drinks either, the bowling could set you back a bit.  We had 8 people for 2 hours of bowling plus shoes and it ran us about $26 per person, but it was worth it.  Not going here to work on my bowling game, but still good time.