I've been wanting to try this place ever since I heard it was taking over the Bonte spot.  Stopped in on an off hour on a Sunday.  I had the half crab, half lobster, not the combo.  It's not on the menu, but I asked if I could do that because I was doing take out and had drinks at home.  Each roll was put in its own hot dog looking container.  When I got home I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of seafood on both sandwiches.  I had to use a fork to eat some of it.  The butter and the spices are a great, simple combination.  My only complaint is that I wish I had more because it was really good and not super filling.  Need to go back with a friend to try one of the big combos.The service was fast and good, lobster roll came out fast and fresh. 16.5 for a lobster roll is a steal. great place, great food and great peopleHands down one of the best rolls I've ever had! I had the taste of main which gives you 1/2 rolls of shrimp, crab and lobster! OMG the seasoned butter is everything. The Customer service is superb! From the young lady at the register (African American with a head wrap) to the gentleman cooking food (possibly Caucasian with glasses)  greeted people as they entered, came out to ask all of the customers how everything was. I'll be back. My new go to when I come to Philly!Great, quaint atmosphere. Little loud because of its size. Service is friendly. My hubby and I split the taste of Maine; crab, lobster, and shrimp roll, 2 crab claws, soda (which is local bottled colas), pickle, and kettle chips. Great to get a mix and see what you like. It was large for one, but not enough for two if you are a big eater. My hubby went back and ordered a lobster roll because he liked it so much.Tasty crab roll and the blueberry soda was awesome.If you're a fan of lobster you gotta get down to Luke's. Tons of freshly picked lobster meat on a roll what more can you ask for. Add a bag of kettle cooked chips and a delicious Maine root beer for 17 bucks..Ya can't beat itInexpensive, surprisingly fresh and delicious, low calories. We had the Lukes TrIO, lobster bisque, clam chowder.
Simple menu, friendly, hip staff, cape cod wharf decor
Very good, the rolls remind me of the bread of grilled cheese
Byob, A+
Not a negative, but for the special seasoning ddid't seem right on the shrimp roll, for me, it left an odd aftertaste. But on the lobster and crab roll it seemed to fit perfectly, again, that's just me.
Give it a try, we will definitely come back for moreThe lobster and crab rolls are VERY good.  The shrimp roll tasty, but I am a lobster and crab fanatic.  Every time I've been in there the staff is pleasant and upbeat and the order is prepared in a timely manner.  Delivery is available after 5:00PM, so I often call my order in to be delivered right before I leave the office for the day.Consistent lobster rolls. A great little spot in Philly for when a Philly cheesesteak isn't tickling the tummy. Go get a roll!The lobster sandwich was COLD!!  That was a surprised but I was more surprised that I still like it!  The lobster roll was tasty and the meat was tender.  Not seasoned too much.  I order the clam chowder.  The chowder was average.  Actually tasted canned but I know it wasn't.  Another great thing about this location is they deliver to a limited range.  It was late and I order delivery to the hotel lobby.  It was delivered in about 30 minutes.  The bike rider was friendly and the order was correct.  
I would recommend this restaurant.So good! Worth every penny we've spent! Enjoyed our Tail & kale salad, Luke's trio and Crab roll! Highly recommended!For a lobster roll snob, I was pleasantly surprised with this yummy roll. Wish I got 2 as one was small. Got it to go as the place was small and had family style seating for many of the tables and with small kids we didn't want to ruin someone else's dinner. 
Would have given it 5 stars if the roll was bigger. 
The crab claws were great too, but a mini portion. Will go back again for sure.I have never actually had a lobster roll prior to yesterday because there really aren't any good seafood restaurants in Central New Jersey.  I visited Luke's Lobster anxious to try a lobster roll and I was not disappointed.  My server was very friendly and helpful in explaining the different menu options to my mother.  My mom and I both tried the lobster roll.  The roll was excellent.  I could tell that they used real lobster meat that was delicious.  This roll was worth the $17.  There was plenty of seating and this location was very clean.  Luke's Lobster is now my go-to seafood restaurant in Philly!!Had the Pleasure of eating here this week with a few clients. Lobster this far from the Ocean....why not? It was great! Will be back next time Im in PhillyOh my gosh.... so amazing. I had Luke's in Vegas and have been craving it ever since. Lucky me there's two locations in Philly. My boyfriend and I stopped in for linner  since we were hanging out in the city for the day. The location is very small but we managed to get a table. Pricing was the same as the Vegas location. Originally we would each get the lobster roll ($17) but for $2.50 more, we each got the trio which includes half a lobster roll, half a crab roll, and half a shrimp roll. Essentially, you're getting a nice variety of seafood and a half a roll more for a little extra. We each also added on a bag of chips and a couple craft sodas (blueberry and root beer - I can't remember how much the combo was). I would like to add that the service was very pleasant and the food came out in no time. My boyfriend was still a little hungry after so he got a cup of clam chowder, which he said was good. There's only one bathroom in the place but I was pleasantly surprised how clean it was. My only complaint is that the place is pricy, which is expected since it's seafood and they are paying rent in the city, but I do think they could stand to make the portions a little larger as some may not be fulfilled after eating a meal there.DEE-LISH!! Yes, it ain't cheap. But dayum, is it lobster roll heaven. Plenty of big chunks of lobster meat with just the right amount of mayo on a toasted buttered bun. I mean...need I say more. We get the option with chips and drink, it'll set you back in your wallet but we are talking about all the meat with none of the work. Ambience is super casual. Service is quick. And if you get a warm day in the summer time, it's great to take it to Rittenhouse for a picnic lunch. I consider this definitely a "Treat Yo Self" food item since you're paying entree level prices without the waiter level service. I have to say...I definitely get a little sad when I see I'm nearing the end of the roll. Great food! Definitely recommend a stop here!Simple yet wonderful! 
I gave the taste of Maine a try and it lived up to the rave reviews of others. My fav of the three is the Lobster roll but each was good. The roll is toasted to a wonderful crispness and the density isn't like the hoagies you get in the south. The roll is lite and airy. The plate/basket is a little pricey but I think worth the money. Everyone I spoke to in the restaurant enjoyed their dinner. 
I wish you all much success with your store.Thank you, Yelp, for pointing hungry little me to Luke's Lobster. Open until 9pm and just a little walk down to Rittenhouse from my hotel, this little gem truly hit the spot. 4.5 stars average Yelp rating didn't hurt either, I was immediately sold just looking at photos of the food, and sorely missing the lobster rolls I had up in Boston last year. 
Not too hard to find, but truly a cozy hideaway spot. Not too crowded at all. Per others' recommendations, I ordered the Taste of Maine (1/2 lobster roll,  1/2 crab roll,  1/2 sh rimp roll, 2 crab claws,  with soda and slaw or bag of chips and a pickle for $23). Of the Maine Root choices of sodas, I went with the root beer, and closer-to-the-source (than back in California!) Cape Cod chips, mmm. I probably could have finished the Noah's Ark order by myself except for the double drinks/chips that night, ha. 
I really enjoyed the simplicity of the rolls, buttery, toasted bread, seasoned seafood (filled generously) and complemented by the combo side and drink to complete the Maine experience. My favorite roll had to be the crab, actually, such a sucker for all seafood though. It was definitely a nice and refreshing meal, not too heavy, especially considering the walk to/from the hotel in the heat/humidity. Very good food, too bad I didn't have time to return during my weeklong stay - too many other places to try between Restaurant Week and those Philly cheesesteaks, of course! Keep doing what you're doing, Luke's. I will return someday.The lobster roll is bit overpriced and not very filling, but very tasty. Adjust your expectations accordingly. I'm not planning to go to Maine any time soon, so I just had to try it. More like a delicacy than an actual meal.The lobster rolls here are petite and pricy.  However, the lobster meat is the star in these dwarfish delights.  It is fresh and in fairly large chunks, relative, at least, to the roll.  The lobster pieces are lightly seasoned and buttered.  They have sriracha hot sauce and other seasonings for one's self-service.  As for the price, lobster rolls are just pricy in general, which is unfortunate.
The staff was friendly.  The decor surprisingly maritime for a rather dungeon-like space.
One annoying feature is the lack of pricing info for some items, like the soup of the day.  If you can put up the name of the soup du jour, you can put up its price.  Seriously; it's not that difficult.Might be a chain, but it does things well. Lobster roll is great, chowder is flavorful and location is cozy. Great place to get some seafood!Lobster was excellent and the bun was buttery and we'll toasted. Only negative is cash only.Got the lobster roll combo. The roll was a lot smaller than expected but the lobster was quite yummy and fresh. The bread was also great and different from other types of bread i've tasted in the past. The decor is cute. Very glad I finally stepped in after walking by all the time.Solid lobster role! Really really good. I'm already  craving it again. 
It's a little small and a little pricey so u may not be full if ur hungryI love this place. Whenever I am in town, I order from here each day I am here. I usually stay at the Sonesta but this last time, I stayed at the Wyndham. This is normally out of their delivery area but..... they did me a solid and delivered the scrumptious crab rolls I desired. This time I ordered the lobster bisque with it..... hot dang is it gooood. Not too salty and full of lobster. Man I love this place. 10 stars!INSTANTLY ADDICTED! When I say yummy, I mean YUMMY!!! Succulent, fresh and flavorful seafood rolls. I liked the crab meat roll the best. Cocktail sauce with it was good but not needed so don't add it.
Cool little spot. Love the wood decor and laid back/chill vibe of the place. Staff is awesome and friendly (very hipster'ish) 
The rolls are small but filling. $24.00 bucks for the Taste of Maine?! ehhh, gotta make a sacrifice for the things you love!This place is overrated I'm sorry. I came in thinking It was worth the price but it wasn't. The shrimp roll didn't taste good it needed more flavor spices it was bland. The clam chowder wasn't thick and tasted like it came from the can. The lobster corn soup wasn't hot it was cold. I'm disappointed first & last timeThe lobster roll is small but really, really delicious. It was $18 for a lobster roll combo... lobster roll, chips, and a mexican style soda. I split the lobster roll with my husband and we also shared a cup of the crab soup. It was a very yummy meal. I recommend trying this place out, but if you have an appetite like mine... plan on picking up dessert after.This is my first time visiting Philadelphia and shortly after arriving we decided this is the first place we wanted to eat at. I am super big on seafood, I can eat it literally everyday.
First I want to start off by saying I won't give them a complete four stars because the poppyseed coleslaw ($2) wasn't that great. It was a good amount that they give you but the taste itself wasn't all the way there for me. I got the crab roll as well and it was extremely tasty!! The crab meat was fresh and very flavorful. The price (13$) is fair given how much meat the put on the roll. The bread was toasted and I believe was brushed with butter. We also got the crab claws but they were really small for considering it was 8$. I guess it typically comes with 4 so they gave us 7 to compensate for the size. The employees were kind too so it was an overall good experience. 
Side note: The drinks are kinda pricey so I opted for the water.Great little place. Lobster roll with Cole slaw was great, the Cole slaw was fresh and flavorful and the portion size of lobster on the lobster roll was generous.Great place to run in and run out, fast service and great Lobster Rolls. I could eat here everyday, the rolls are buttered well and stuffed with big sweet and salty chunks of Lobster, I love these specialty restaurants, they also have shrimp and crab rolls which are also worth trying. I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys seafood. They also have a rewards program, your 11th roll is free.Cute little basement restaurant. Very casual just order at the counter. Rolls are small but meat was sweet with little sauce. They carry the Maine Root soda. Can't have a lobster roll with out blueberry soda!Delicious but overpriced. $18 is not actually a reasonable price for this sandwich, which is fairly small. That said it was very delicious, yummy bread, great lobster, would totally eat another one... just wish I wasn't still hungry for another one after plunking down 18 bucks.Fast and good. 
The lobster roll was awesome, lobster itself was cooked perfectly. 
The servace was fast bringing out our meal in just a cuple of minuets. The sodas they offer are also worth mentioning. The berry flavored one was really nice.  Would defonatly eat there again.Lots of tasty claw meat on a perfectly buttered top cut bun, just as it should be. Just a kiss of mayo, nothing else. You get the lobster roll a slice of pickle, a bag of Cape Cod chips, and a choice of Maine Sodas (I tried the Sasaparilla ) for $17. What more can you ask for? Next time I will try the Taste of Maine, which is a sample of the Lobster, Crab and Shrimp rolls.I decided to try this famous Luke's lobster restaurant. The lobster, crab and shrimp rolls were so delicious. Real seafood. Worth the price. And I also liked the beverage so much. Unique. The only issue to me was the cole slaw which lacked dressing.WOW!!  WHAT AN AWESOME LUNCH food was extremely fresh and some of the best tasting I have ever had. 
When i go back to town for that is first stop I will make!!!The service was good. The food was okay. Would I be coming back to this place? Probably not.THEIR LOBSTER ROLL IS LIFE CHANGING!
If I could give this place 10,000 stars, I would. 
My boyfriend, Kane and I were only in Philly for a few days and we kept putting this place off because Kane wasn't really into lobster BUT HE DID PROMISE WE WOULD TRY IT BEOFRE WE LEFT. It wasn't until we were headed for the airport, that I had to force him to stop here first to make good on his word.
We took the rolls to go and I was excited and nervous. I have been on the hunt for a good lobster roll and everything up until Luke's had been a disappointment. I will never forget his face after he took his first bite. It was like he just saw boobs for the first time 
So obviously I got really excited and went for it. I saw God that day  and I'm not even religious.
He finished his in under a minute and I tried my best to savor it and then fell into a deep depression at the fact that we were on our way back to California and didn't know when we would ever be back in Philadelphia 
We have legitimately talked about taking a short weekend trip to Philly JUST for their lobster roll. That's not out of the norm for me to want to do but it's unheard of from him. It's been months and he still brings it up.
We probably talk about it at least once a week. I'm telling you, GO!
I've eaten at Michelin star restaurants and this place tops them all!
Ok, now I need to book my flight back to PAI really like the food here.  The lobster roll is just amazing followed very closely by the shrimp and crab roll.  My only issue with this place is that I went here, dropped $30 and was done eating in about 10 minutes.  I know this is a similar complaint that other people have had and it is what it is.  Bottom line:  I think this is a place to check out, perhaps bring people who haven't been here before but its not a practical repeat place.Awesome lobster roll!! Here you won't find a typical overdressed sandwich the leaves wondering if it's seafood or chicken you're eating. The place was small but very clean and the staff was helpful!! Will definitely be back!I was near Philly and decided to look up some of the best spots for some grub in the area. I came across Luke's Lobster and after reading some of the reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to stop in here and give this place a try. I mean, who doesn't love lobster, right?! 
This place is very casual and is an awesome spot for a quick bite or takeout. You go up to the register to place your order. They have a few tables there's and one gender neutral bathroom. You have to know it's there because if not it's pretty easy to miss. 
Luke's Lobster is the type of food that will have you eating even after your full. We tried the mac and cheese, lobster bisque, and the lobster roll. Each plate was amazing. Every bite of food is just absolutely DELICIOUS and perfectly seasoned. 
The staff here is super chill. They're all friendly and talkative, they came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their food, and they made sure to say bye before we left. Really exceptional customer service. 
Everything about my experience here was great. I would absolutely return here and I'm definitely going to be recommending LL's to everyone I know that will be in this area! Thanks, guys!I was a visiting a friend in Philly and we decided to check out Luke's Lobster for lunch.
It was a little tricky finding the restaurant since it is partly below ground, but we made it. The restaurant was small, but clean and not crowded.
I ordered the Taste of Maine sampler, which comes with a half of each sandwich type, plus chips, a pickle, and a drink. I also ordered a cup of clam chowder.
All of the seafood was delicious. It was super fresh and tasty! I think I liked the crab and lobster rolls the best. Sure, for sandwiches, the menu items are a tad pricey, but seafood is generally a bit expensive anyway.
There are a couple of locations in DC as well, so I might check those out the next time I head up there.Can a chain not be shitty if they have an awesome ingredient that almost no one can mess up? Luke's Lobster answered proudly this afternoon...Yes. Where to begin...uggh...price? OK, so anywhere located in the Rittenhouse district will have many things you must accept in order to get through a dining experience. Such as, the overbearing presence of yuppy douche bags and stuck up twats, and where this flock congregates, inflated entree prices indubitably follows. Which, leads us to price. $17 bills for a Lobster Roll. OK, it's not that nuts...because in the back of our greedy little minds, we think "well it is Lobster". Well unfortunately your greedy little mind is bound to disappoint you once again. Yes there is Lobster on the Lobster Roll, and yes it is a sweet and succulent flavor. But, after I ate the smallest sandwich I have ever had anywhere, and yes I have had tea sandwiches at an old lady luncheon before, within 45 seconds, I realized wouldn't Lobster anywhere be good? Yes and probably better most other places. The sandwich is obviously designed to not allow seasoning or dressing overpower the Lobster, smart I get that, allow the ingredients to speak for themselves...buuttt, who wants a baby seafood sandwhich full of unseasoned wet Lobster? I guess shit bags who love blowing money on goofy ass food near the most awful 2 blocks of Walnut Street in the city. Yes overall, over priced and underwhelming. What else? Weird ass all natural $3 sodas, 2oz cups of watery Lobster chowder, Lobster tails placed on salads and sides that are a size that an actual Barbie Doll would be pissed about. Ummmm, a wacked out hipster staff that have a tip jar for god knows what reason. Ok, my job here is done.If you're a no muss, no fuss kinda guy or gal, AND you love lobster, you're in for a treat. Roughly the size of a hot dog, Luke's lobster roll may not look like it will fill you up, but it certainly is indulgent enough to do so. 
The lobster has buttery but light taste and sits on a piece of bread. Enough juices flow down to make the bread soft and flavorful, but not enough to make it soggy. It's perfect for lunch time in the city - especially if you're on a time constraint!
The New England Clam Chowder is quite tasty, chunky and of the perfect consistency for a cold day.Food was very tasty. Lobster roll definitely stands out. I still wish the prices were cheaper but definitely not bad once in a while. Love the selection of Maine sodas and cape cod chips. Quick service.Yum Yum lobster, city excursions rarely dissapoint. A roll without shelling and making clarified butter, very tastey...my first time with a lobster sandwich. pricey but considering a live lobster isnt that much cheaper by the pound.. id consider it a must try at least once but not staple. i'd definitely try to do this at home  now. writing this im now craving surf and turf but cheesesteak and lobster seems weird, it may be somewhere in the city of lobster love.They're not bad. The interior is cute, and they have Maine Root soda. I'd need two ($33) to be full, so I don't think the taste or size of these rolls justifies the price (yes, I know lobster is expensive, but if you're charging $16.50, it better not be average, like here).
Do yourself a favor, go down the block to Oyster House, and spend $10 more. They're so much better, and you get a side of fries. You pay more for better quality. Plus they have a wider range of equally delicious appetizers and sides, so you'll leave more satisfied with how you spent your money (and probably a fuller stomach, too). You'll thank me later.I was really excited to try Lukes, heard a lot about the NY location.  
Turned out to be a big disappointment.  We ordered the noahs ark with the crab claws.  I never had crab claws so overcooked and dry.  
Next up was the crab roll.  Bland, and needed salt.  No lumps of crab meat found at all.  
Lobster roll, only claw and knuckle meat. Ok, oyster house serves a much tastier lobster roll.
Shrimp roll, at this point at had very low expectations and the shrimp roll actually exceeded them.  Pretty good, the best out of the 3 in my opinion.
The buttered roll was delicious.
Chips and root beer were also good.
Would I return? maybe.  If I really want a lobster roll, Ill go to oyster houseFirst time at Luke's was a mediocre experience. The service was absolutely lacking. The man at the front counter knew nothing about the soup of the day nor did he seemed interested in providing details about the soups at all. I ordered the Noah's Ark, to sample the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls. The rolls were very small but were good. I would recommend ordering the regular lobster rolls if you come to Luke's.Great to see a familiar place open up -- I used to visit their east village location.  The only reason I'm not giving Luke's a 5-star is the lack of a hot lobster roll option on the menu.  I just think a buttery hot roll beats a cold mayo one.
Otherwise, this place does it right.  The most important thing is the seafood is very fresh.  The menu is simple and good (lobster, crab and shrimp roll options -- with a great taste of Maine option that lets you get all 3).  The soda, soup, chip options are solid too.  Nothing wrong with the service either.
Very happy to have Luke's in the neighborhood.So the lobster roll was definitely delicious, and had large chunks of lobster... but I felt this was too expensive. There are not really a lot of options to get lobster rolls in Philly, so this was definitely a nice treat, but I'll probably stick with getting my New England fare from New England.Delicious lobster but with a high price tag. The atmosphere is cool- it's a small semi-underground shop that makes you feel like your in-the-know when you bring someone along who hasn't been beforeMy friend and I stumbled upon Luke's Lobster while staying in Philly for a conference. We were very impressed with the quaint, comfortable decor and the staff was very friendly and hospitable. 
The first thing I noticed was how delicious it smelled in the restaurant. We both ordered the lobster rolls and were both impressed with the amount of lobster that we were given. I also enjoyed that it was lightly dressed in the lemon butter, and not smothered in mayo like other lobster rolls l've had. It was an amazing find, I can't wait to come back!Small, cozy place with one of the best lobster rolls I've ever had. Don't forget that blueberry soda!We had a hankering for a Lobster roll so we did a neighborhood search which led us to Luke's. This was a superb choice.  First of all we were greeted with the delicious aroma of the bread as soon as we opened the door. We decided on the "Noah's Ark" in order to sample everything.  Another great choice . Like the other reviewers agreed, portions were small but made up for it in flavor.  Ordered a full roll and lobster bisque to go. We will return.Chose this place as my last lunch in Philly after 2 long years of working here! I am from Texas - so I didn't grow up with lobster rolls. Boy did I miss out! This is the place to go! You pay for what you get! Yum! I will miss this buttery lobster roll!Comfortable place with reasonably priced lobster rolls.  Fresh and delicious.  Highly recommended.Sandwiches were smaller than I expected but they were so good!! Espcially the lobster roll and the snowcrab roll. Go get the snowcrab one while you can! They said they don't sell them all the time.Simple, addicting, and light.  The lobster roll is undeniably good and isn't encumbered by more than a hit of mayo or too much butter.  Just really well done and makes you feel like you could eat 2 or 3 if you're a big boy like me.  Until you remember they're $15 a pop.
Can't see a reason to come in here and try anything else.  I just see this as a "you get (soup dumplings/crabs/cheesesteak wiz wit/cannolis/whatever food they're famous for) only" joint and judgements should be on those and those alone kind of place.
Inside is fitting, not hokey as well with a really nice selection of "craft" sodas (go for the blueberry, it's only right) and "small batch" chips.  Not sure if those are the proper terms but you get what I mean.Delicious authentic seafood made in a "fastfood style." The staff is super friendly. They even have "healthy" drinks with real root beet or ginger ale from local producers. My only complaint is the price to portion ratio. Its a little on the pricey side which i don't mind if i got more bang for my buck.I was visiting Philly for a few days and looking for a decent place to have lunch. The place is cute and staff is very friendly. We ordered the Noah's Ark for two which was well worth the money. We had the chance to taste all the rolls - lobster, crab, shrimp - (half a roll each) and two crab claws each. I also enjoyed their choice of drinks. The blueberry soda was really good. The price was 42 plus tax for the whole thing which is definitely more than I'd usually spend on lunch but I would come back again!Yummy rolls, creamy lobster. Pair that with Dizengoff and the beds at the Sofitel- bam, heaven.Lobster roll was good but too small for price. Dont think I'll come back. Should be on a hoagie roll not on a sandwich roll.Good with fresh lobster, while clam chowder should have more cream compared with one in Boston.Pretty great lunch experience. Lobster rolls were fresh and tasty and loved the lobster bisque. So much lobster meat felt like a good value. My daughter is picky and requested a grilled cheese and blueberry lemonade. She didn't like either one, but hard to know if they were bad or just not her speed.Typically come here when I'm in Philly for business. Clean, quick and healthy. Been here about 10 times so far. Lobster roll fantastic. Feels like old port Maine.  Only reason not 5 * is that twice I got crab claws as app and seems frozen. Otherwise great!!The Hubs and I couldn't wait to try Luke's as we are big fans of the lobster roll! We have had lobster rolls from Florida to Maine and were thrilled to hear about Luke's right here in Philly!
We ordered the Noah's Ark-Two of everything; 2 half lobster rolls, 2 half shrimp rolls, 2 half crab rolls, 2 chips, 2 drinks. $41.04 with tax. 
Let's start with the buns-out of this world delish! The online menu (we called ahead for carry-out) mentioned that the buns are "swiped with mayo, lemon butter and a dash of secret spices. Our buns didn't seem to have any of that on them, but were deliciously toasted and soft as they should be.
The lobster meat was excellent but not worth the price. The shrimp was good, but the crab was completely bland. If not for the bun, it would have had no taste at all.
The only drink options are canned Diet Coke, bottled water and a variety of bottled Maine Root Sodas (we tried the "ginger" and "Mexican Cola". The ginger was spicy and different. The Mexican Cola was good.
Two varieties of chips available; Sea Salt & Vinegar or Reduced Fat Plain.
Definitely not worth the price. I will keep searching; or just wait until I get back up to Brown's in Seabrook, NH!The next best thing to a trip to Cape Cod - I tried the Taste of Maine which is a 1/2 roll each of shrimp, lobster and crab for $20 - including a drink (I got a pellegrino) and a bag of Cape Cod chips (I got BBQ and saved them for later).
Good sized rolls and the crab one was really excellent. I also loved the lobster one.
Not too much mayo and the roll was toasted and lightly buttered (a classic split-top) just as it should be.
Can't wait to go back. (I went at 11:40 right before the line started to form.  Smart move!I give this place a 3.5. I have to agree with Larry. I got really excited about the hype but maybe I was built up too much. I got a lobster roll with the calm chowder soup combo.
I can't reason their pricing point for the quantity of the product. The breading on the roll is tasty and the lobster is well portioned but it's not worth $16. It didn't blow me out of the water. The lobster is of decent quality. It's smells fresh but lacks the juicy flavors that I'd hope to taste. Also, maybe it's just my preference but I'd like my lobster warm. 
The clam chowder was decent but again not for the portions. 
It was a good taste of Maine but I probably won't come back in the near future.Decent food but way overpriced. Lunch for two ran $60 and was not what you would think of as a $60 meal.
Was a nice place to try but won't be back.I hadn't had a real lobster roll since 2007 when I went to Boston for work. This place was so good. The food was excellent. Folks behind the counter were as fast as they were friendly. Would have liked a TV in here but otherwise it's a mighty damn fine lobster roll.This was absolutely delicious food. Worth the price. The lobster roll was so great I had to order a second.Kali came to Philly to see if these guys were as good as promised. Bomb.... good vibes, reminded me of my own buddies. I must stop if traveling. Pricey but remember you get what you pay for. Tried all rolls, soups, and sodas..... I hope I see these folks again. ONE LOVEFirst opened in East Village in 2009, Luke's Lobster has been transplanted to center city Philadelphia. It's a small establishment whose decor, I think, is meant to take diners away from the busy streets of the city and onto the modern rustic feel of a lobster boat.
Though it was Luke's Lobster, I've always been a bigger fan of crab, so I got the the crab roll. The menu on Luke's website best describes what this is - "seafood...chilled atop a buttered and toasted New England-style, split-top bun with a swipe of may, a sprinkle of lemon butter and a dash of our secret spices."
Every bite of the icy, buttery crab was as refreshing as a cold lemonade on a hot summer day. Unfortunately, there wasn't much of the lemonade. The roll is ~4-5 inches, making it more of an expensive ($12) snack than a lunch. Though not exactly budget friendly for the amount of food, Luke's is worth at least a monthly visit.Did I miss something about Luke's Lobster? What's all the rave about? Perhaps it was the bad first impression that ruined my whole experience here. 
The first big challenge was even finding this place. We had no idea it was in a sketchy basement! That's when I tell myself, "Boy, it's about to go downhill," because really, you're going under an already shady building to have seafood. Having personally seen food scraped from the gutters in China to be served in shops similar to this kind of setting, my appetite was quickly gone. 
Next was the menu. I came with two friends, one of whom had mentioned eating lobster rolls earlier. Since we weren't out and about hunting for fancy food, I assumed this is the typical, fast casual shop kind of place. I was right on that, but definitely not expecting paying $20+ for a roll. I don't care if it's lobster or the world's fanciest whatever, I do not expect paying that much for just a roll... The small size didn't make it any better.
Fortunately things got better. Our cashier was nice, food was actually pretty good, lobster meat seemed fresh, and the restaurant overall seemed clean. However，I left still feeling a bit hungry, so it was for sure disappointing!I've gone here twice just for the lobster corn chowder (I was originally looking for lobster bisque but I don't think they sell that during summer). The first time the soup tasted really rest and fresh with lots of potatoes corn and with some lobster bits. The second time I came here the broth of the soup just didn't taste right like it was a little "funky." It's hard to describe but the soup just tasted a bit sour I guess, to the point that I chose not to finish it. I would probably come eat here again but I would just avoid the soup which might not be the freshest item on the menu.This place was delicious! and an affordable way to have mouthwatering seafood.lobster roll.... MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I just wish it were a bit more affordable so I could eat it more often!Both the staff and food are amazing! My food arrived looking exactly like the pictures.  I am currently eating my second order placed during the same visit.