It's been awhile since I last wrote a review but my recent visit to M2O on Passyunk Ave down South St was really good. 
As many of you know if you've read my other reviews, I'm a foody for sure, lol. Not only do I enjoy food while eating out I'm also a very good cook. Not quite a chef on an international level but given some time and practice maybe so. I do have plenty of cookbooks though but enough about my culinary skills or the need for more.
 I want to say that M2O's burgers are GOOD. I've had several burgers at different locations, like Applebee's, Marathon Grill and City View, all of them tasty and this being my very first time here, I was impressed. 
 Maybe it was the made to order deal (which can be done at the kiosk or with the cashier) the friendly service and the very clean and atmosphere but whatever you factor into your experience consider the quality, taste and the presentation.
 I had a Banana/Strawberry smoothie that was naturally delicious and healthy, onion rings crisped just right that actually didn't tear apart when bitten and of course the BBQ bacon cheddar burger, well done w/lettuce, tomatoes w/ fried onions (I like onions).
 There was plenty of seating along with stools inside and seats outside as well. I sat on the stools and people watched. 
 The weather was pleasant this day (a Saturday) and the temperature was just right. My server's name was an M2O team member named,Liza. She was attentive and helpful and partnered well with the staff in filling my order and ensuring me a satisfactory experience and a jar tip was cheerfully give, lol. I'm going to make a return visit and add this spot as another "Go to" burger locations when I want a tasty, beef protein source, smoothy and onion rings.My burger was really solidly delicious--maybe in part because I was able to pick exactly what I like! But also the ingredients seem like good quality and there's clearly a lot of love put in. These are thin-patty burgers, which I like a lot. 
 Service was super quick, I only waited a few minutes. 
Love the "all natural" fountain sodas
Fries portion was very generous! 
Ordering screens were great for me, you even swipe your card at the kiosk. 
I'm happy to welcome this place to the neighborhood :)Like previous reviewers have stated, M2O has some of the best quick serve burgers in the city. We come here a few times a month. The staff is always extremely friendly and helpful. I love that it's kid friendly WITH a separate kids menu. The burgers are not greasy. I have had both the beef and veggie burgers and both are homemade and delicious. I love customizing too bc I can be picky with what I want on my burger. I've also had the onion rings and a shake and both are so good. The onion rings are panko crusted which I love. Highly recommend!I stopped in for lunch and made my own salad. The make your own concept is great so you get exactly what you want. It's easy to order and the service was friendly! The fountain drink selection is nice too, I went with the Birch Beer but they had fun lemonade options too.This is a really good burger and fries place! I love their M20 fries. They come out super crispy on the outside but soft on the inside- just how I like it. Their M20 burger is pretty good! My only thing is that the patties (they give 2) were thin, and so you didn't really get a good meaty bite. But I really loved the idea of the kiosk because you can add free toppings on your burger when you order it, which is so cool! The service was quick, and they had lemon-infused water for people to have on the side. The seating was plentiful and the place had a great vibe :)Amazing burgers, fast service, pretzel buns, cheez whiz bacon fries. What more do you need?Fantastic burgers and smoothies.  Great place for takeout or dining in.  Will be going back soon!I'm so happy the neighborhood finally has a place for build-your-own salads!!! The ordering kiosks are very intuitive and easy-to-use, the wait time is minimal, the staff is so friendly!!, and I was truly SHOCKED by how good the fries are. There could be some more salad mix-in options, but they're just getting started, so I'll give them time to get their sea legs. I've gone three times in two weeks, and am really looking forward to keeping this pace.My wife and I fully enjoyed 2 good morning burgers (egg, avocado, bacon), m20 fries and onion rings (no room for a shake... next time!) Take out was quick and easy.  The burgers were excellent and very fairly priced.   Welcome to the neighborhood M2O, we will be back to try other options!Fresh toppings and a great griddle patty. Ordered the M2O burger and loved it. Will definitely be back to try the good morning burger and then again for a shake. Great addition to Queen Village!My buddy and I come here about every other week. We work across the street. I always get a salad and he gets a burger. The food's awesome. The people are always nice. There's one gentleman who's always up front and he always makes us laugh. Overall it's a really nice place. 
Get the fries with their signature M20 sauce. Idk what it is, but it's banging.Great place to bring kids - a healthy dose of veggies for you, and a burger, fries, and juice for them.  Incredibly speedy service on a weeknight before the grand opening.  Veggie burger was more a bean burger than vegetable-centric, but good nonetheless.  We'll be back.Great place! Burgers are simple but can be customized with toppings & sauces. Very good. Salads are delicious and even the "half" is a good sized portion. The fries are delicious!! Looking forward to trying their shakes/smoothies.I hope this place sticks around for a while...really great burger, honestly one of the best I've had. Fries, regular and sweet potato, as well as a salad were delicious.Great new place.  Husband and I tried it on a whim and really loved it. Burgers were flavorful with fresh toppings and both the fries and onion rings were excellent. Reasonably priced, too. Definitely coming back.AMAZING!!!! They really make everything to order and it is always delicious! I love their cheeseburgers and french fries! The staff is friendly and fast and the milkshakes are incomparable. You won't regret eating here!Color me impressed. Nice interior with ordering kiosks and friendly service. The food was made with fresh ingredients and came out quickly. I was especially impressed with their perfect fries--I will be back!Restaurante en el centro de Philadelphia: La comida  está muy buena ,da igual lo que te pidas porque va a estar rico igual. El servicio muy atento y muy amable el local es muy bonito y si tienes suerte hay una pequeña terraza muy bonita donde puedes disfrutar de tu comida. 100% recomendable!!!I would give it a 4.5 if I could. Really good burgers with a decent set up and location. Love that you can customize your burger by yourself on the touchscreen. Only negative was attention to detail. The majority of the ketchup containers were empty and not every table had napkin holders.Great salad with lots of toppings and choices that were very tasty and filling.  Burger was OK and onion rings very tasty.  Staff was very personable and helpful, place is clean, bright, and good for quick meal.The food was a little salty but excellent food! The burger was very good and I recommend it to everyoneNice place for a casual meal, quick, tasty and reasonably priced. We sampled the burgers, multiple kinds of fries and a salad, and all were delicious. Atmosphere is pleasant, in contemporary grey and white. Overall, great addition to the neighborhood.We had our first experience at M2O and were very pleasantly surprised.  You order on a table. There are two burger options Angus beef and black bean veggie.  Three different roll options and lots of add ons.  The veggie burger was really good.  Lots of fresh toppings, great fries and fountain beverage options are natural sodas.A great find! Friendly hip atmosphere and awesome burgers! The build your own burger is the way to go. Its one flat price, around $8, for your burger and all toppings are included, including more premium items (bacon, avocado, egg, etc.). You can really load it up! I had a burger on a pretzel roll with avocado and standard toppings and it was great! Meat isn't overcooked, bun was tasty. Staff was very friendly! Overall a great place for a burger! Will definitely go back for another and to try their other items!I never write reviews. Never. Because I am lazy. And I eat at a ton of places, so it would be too time consuming. So think about that when I say this: I have finally found a burger that meets the gold standard of In-N-Out Burger and fate has put it dangerously close to my house. I must have led a good life...
There are plenty of gourmet burgers in our foodie town. There are endless spins of complexity on the classic. And I like them too; but they are a different animal. A clean, uncomplicated burger which relies solely on quality ingredients and care in preparation...it is a hard find. Like trying to avoid mixologists who insist on a 20-ingredient sissying up of my Gin which was near perfection on it's own, thank you very much.
But back to M2O.
Sublime burger: smaller 2-patty construction, which I presume is standard, rather than the brontosaurus burger in spherical, unwieldy shape that has become the norm. Clearly very fresh beef with no over-seasoning folded in or 'binder' (why do some places do that!), cooked medium. Potato roll (you have choices), crisp lettuce and tomato, bacon NOT overcooked within an inch of it's afterlife, I went for cheddar. It's a build your own and you have dozens of choices, all of which seem like delicious combinations. I was establishing a baseline on this lap, so I kept it classic. 
Fries: perfect. Hand cut I presume. Perfect consistency, not over-deepfried or over-salted. 
Beverages: I am not a huge soda guy, so when I have one, I want to enjoy it. The New Hope Fountain natural sodas were a both a refreshing change from the bulge-bracket soft drink manufactures and a balanced complement to the aforementioned main course.
I haven't even tried the shakes and smoothies yet. Or the salads which look awesome (for my wife). Oof, so much to do!
Last and in no way least, SERVICE. Super thoughtful and caring about their product and your experience. Just nice people in a nice venue to boot.
In short, thank you for coming to my neighborhood M2O. We will be on a first name basis weekly very soon. Cheers-JLMAbsolutely excellent burgers! You will not be disappointed, and the prices are so reasonable. This is exactly what the neighborhood needed! Think along the lines of Shake Shack-style burgers, but more customizable. The M2O burger comes with an onion ring and bacon, so you pretty much can't argue with that. Tasty fries, delicious milkshakes. I also had the Cobb Salad, which was nice. This place has only been open for a week, and I've been there twice already!Found this place on yelp and the pictures of the burgers were perfect for the type my wife loves. Thin patties, each 2 1/2 ounces and cooked to perfection. These had to be some of the best hamburgers I can remember eating. If you love the thick beefy burger, you could probably add another patty. Great place and highly recommend for the burgers. They also have salads but I didn't eat it this visit.I probably eat here once a week. The touch screens are great, the food is great! The milkshakes are especially good.We had lunch here on Memorial Day, and absolutely loved the place. The burgers are customizable to your tastes & delicious. The salads are very generous sized and also customizable like the burgers. Hands down, this place had the best onion rings we've ever had and the skin on fries were quite good too. All the ingredients were fresh, from the meat to the veggies. We are definitely coming back for more. The restaurant space was also airy & inviting w: a cute patio seating area too.Y'all are slippin if you haven't been here yet! Their fries are killer and their burgers are so so good. Way better than Shake Shack or 5 Guys in my opinion! I will definitely keep coming back.I'm not sure when they officially opened, but I discovered M2O approx one month ago. I've visited 5+ times since, trying most of what they offer on the menu including the veggie burger (goat cheese, tomato, onion was my preferred), various made to order salads (so many options sprouts, nuts, cheeses, proteins, etc), and milkshakes (tasty, but a bit on the pricey side). Vegan, veggie, and meat eater friendly. Delicious and affordable, absolutely will be returningQuiet locals spot with amazing burgers! I liked the cheese fries but not the M20 fries too thick for me. I did order a smoothie but I didn't like it because i'm use to super sweet smoothies and these are more on the healthy side. I exchange it for a milk shake without any issues and it was amazing! I definitely  recommend this spot!Great burgers, fries and salads! I went with my sister before a show at the TLA and we were very impressed. Will definitely be back! Food was fresh and flavorful!Saw this place pop up on my "hot and new" on Yelp and decided to try it! I was not disappointed! Super clean and new location. I got a half a Caesar salad, a cheeseburger, and fries. The Caesar salad was impeccably seasoned and almost impossible to put down. The burger was delicious (I got a cheeseburger with American cheese, tomato, lettuce, mayo, and onion)! The fries were a little under salted but I'm sure if I got the M2O fries, they would have been very flavorful. All in all, I'm very excited that this place is now within walking distance of me! The ingredients seem super fresh and everything is carefully crafted! I'll be back!This was a great pace to go to. The food was fantastic, customer service was great. Loved it here. Can be a bit pricey. The living room cafe used to be here, so if restaurant.com is listening, stop giving out coupons for the incorrect place.Ordered delivery from here last night. I ordered the veggie burger with cheddar cheese, lettuce, to mato, onion, pickles on a whole wheat bun with M2O special sauce. It was amazing, absolutely delicious. My boyfriend ordered the M2O burger he also was very happy. We ordered the large village salad. It was very fresh. I just wish it was slightly larger in size. 
Overall delicious burgers. Would definitely order from here again.Hamburgers are fantastic! The Build-Your-Own option is a better deal than the regular burger options. I love the comp lemon/cucumber water.Just what the neighborhood needed. Johnny Rocket just recently closed and I'm happy to report that, your burger needs can be met to specifications at M2o. It's a build your own burger place , lots of choices. Easy kiosks or you can order from a human. Very happy with my burger , delish. I'm always weary with fries and was pleasantly surprised at how crisp their M2o fries are served, and they were take out too. Only complaint put some blue cheese crumble on your menu, please !!This place is really a 10/10. The build your owns are fire and the ambiance is beautiful. This is a really chill place and if you want everything on you BYO Burger you can get that. Beware it is really hard to decide what items not to get on your burger because all the options are great. Also, the milkshakes are expensive but completely worth it.  I got the peanut butter milkshake which is phenomenal. Honestly go here and take your friends.I'm impressed by this place. It's fast casual a la Wishbone, but with an emphasis on customization. I haven't had the burgers, but the salads and grilled chicken sandwich are excellent and seemingly limitless in potential ingredients.  I really like that there are few ingredients for which they charge extra: Even avocado, egg, and fried onions are included in the regular price.  The shakes are also delicious.  I can vouch for the Oreo and the chocolate salted caramel pretzel.  
A welcome addition to the list of restaurants that offer full-service restaurant quality and decor without the higher price and wait time.This place was so nice! Amazing food at a great price with quick & friendly service. Everything tasted great and I always appreciate finding a good vegetarian friendly lunch place.I was genuinely craving a burger and as a vegetarian there aren't many options for me and my father that does eat meat, so when i found this place it was convenient. I had the veggie burger which i shared with my mom while my dad had the angus burger. There's no complaints there, the food was well made and it was unique that we were able to add anything onto the burger free of charge. My mom is not a big fan of black bean burgers which is why she insisted on sharing with me but she ended up loving it, and that's saying a lot for  someone who doesn't like beans. The fries were also delicious. The service there was not bad at all, the workers were all so friendly. We had even ordered a peach shake and when , whom i'm guessing is the manager, brought out the shake he informed us that he had trouble with the machine so if it was not tasting right we could get a refund. I liked that he was honest with us, which made the service better leading me into tipping them. Overall a great experience, I would recommend my friends and definitely come back.Good in a pinch, or even with a concerted effort.  Affordable.  Really solid salads and burgers.Excellent burgers on South 5th Street, just where Passyunk intersects with the 5. Design your own using the three computer stations, or go to the counter to talk with the people working there. Either way you get a standard double patty complemented any way you choose. If you don't want to think that much about it, the menu offers several great combinations that are bound to make you happy. 
Just the right amount of grease, potato or pretzel roll, natural sugar carbonated beverages, Bassett ice cream based shakes, and fresh fruit smoothies, all surround the ultimate comfort food for your indulgence. 
Prices that won't break the bank just off the hippest street in town. 
If there is something to improve upon, it is that it appears that every burger is finished to well done regardless of how you request it. Still, they are so juicy I almost didn't notice.Wow! Amazing service and food. The customer service was so refreshing in a city where it's hard to get smiles from people behind the counter. The staff was knowledgable and friendly. They made me feel super comfortable when asking questions! I got the cobb salad in the full-size and wow it is delicious. the chicken is cooked to perfection and everything is fresh. I think I just found my new regular lunch spot :) It is a little pricey but worth it for the quality of it all. Can't wait to try moreThe best burger/takeout spot. Their burgers are delicious and reasonably priced. I love that you can customize and make your own burgers. We have ordered delivery and takeout most times, but their location is actually really nice inside with a good amount of seating.M20 has great burgers that is very popular amongst the employees at my work! Their prices are very reasonable and food always turns out well! 
I've only ordered To-Go but they have a dining area and a self-serve station at their shop that I think is really handy!This may not be the fault of the restaurant it more of Grubhub which took extra long to delivery my order of a cold burger (beef patty wasn't even warm), same with the fries, and a melted milkshake.  Disappointed for the price paid.Great quality burgers and milkshakes for cheap! The salads are also nice and fresh! Amazing service, always so fast. My fav go to burger spot! Highly recommend to everyone to check outAwesome burgers I love the Philly burger add bacon. The soda is sugar cane soda which is the bomb.My absolute favorite take out spot. Everything is fresh and delicious! Fries with M2O sauce are unreal. Can't go wrong with any of the salads or burgersHonestly I was such a huge fan of this place. Probably some of the best fast casual food I have ever had. But I really don't understand what's going on here any more.
To build context, I haven't eaten in almost 8 hours and I was starving. Y'all are pretty much a go to for me, my husband and my friend when they come by. But what actually is this, my onion rings were stone hard, and oil is in the container. Also I got, what, 5? The chicken on my sandwich felt like rubber also. Both were difficult to eat, to say the least. 
It's been recently that this place just seems to not care any more. I am empathetic with places being busy so I get it. It's just disappointing to see.I didn't expect much so they definitely exceeded my expectations. It's not really a restaurant so the food had to speak for itself (which it did). Their fries were crispier than others but not oily and the burger I had was top notch. I had the M2O Burger. I'd recommend!I should not have eaten here ... walking up I noticed a cook out back leaning on trash cans smoking a ciggerette by a door which was wide open leading into the kitchen. A window next to him is shattered which later on I realized was above a prep section ... soooo, thats acceptable I guess? They have this lovely out door patio which when I walked into I began to gag because it smelled putrid. The made to order burger was well done when I asked for medium and I was refused all the ingredients I wanted it because, as the rude, cocky, Dwight wanna be looking manager explained "you can't get salad ingredients on your burger, they're for the salads". Condescending prick! The whole vibe is made to make you feel you can customize things you want anyway you want. But nope, it's not even as flexible as McDonalds. Not to mention, GET A HAIR CUT!!!! Because it WAS your nasty hair I found in my fries. Some deoderent too dude. I get it you want to look cool in your paisley button up retro shirt but your sweat stains are just making you look creepy. 
SO lets see, terrible service, broken glass above the prep station, hair in my burger, the cook smoking over a trashcan by an open door leading to the kitchen, putrid smells in seating area oh ya, and NO LICENCES POSTED ANYWHERE!?!?!?! I looked up the health inspection for these guys and there is none! Their instagram brags a year + being open but they haven't been inspected??? What is this shadiness? This place is seriously the worst. 
But at least they make you feel like a prick. And I will give it to them, they offered me free milk shakes in return for a 5 star review. So here is a 2 star review which is 5 stars more than I should rate you. Do I still get you free jack & jill ice cream in a cup?This was my second trip and my first trip was great. However this time there were extensive mistakes and the quality was not as good.
We ordered on the kiosk as the same time as another couple and I believe that they gave us their burgers. My burger was mostly correct but some of the sauces were wrong and it had clearly been sitting there for awhile as the lettuce had wilted.
My partners burger was completely wrong and almost inedible for her. As this is made to order it is inexcusable that these mistakes would happen, especially when there were not that many orders at that time.
I will say that the fries and milkshakes are great.M20 never disappoints. I've been craving burgers since late last night. I knew where I was ordering from today. I ordered a nice juicy bacon cheeseburger. The bacon is cooked perfectly and the meat is well seasoned. It's a craft to be able to season a burger correctly and not overpower the taste of the meat itself but enhance it.  I also ordered a mushroom bacon burger on a pretzel bun for my husband. I dont hear anything from him so it must be good. I just know I should've taken a pic before giving it to him. I recommend getting the M20 sauce on the side for fries. It looks like just mayo and ketchup but something extra has to be in it. I'll say love because I can't figure it out.So happy and impressed with our first experience here! We are major foodies and care deeply about the quality and love put into our food. Every time we order burgers and fries, and even a salad, we are disappointed and feel like we wasted our money. M2O was so, so good. Great quality, great value, not expensive. A cheeseburger, fries, large Caesar salad with chicken, and a milkshake for $27. Cannot beat it! Will be here regularly.Husband and I were craving burgers for lunch. We just moved to the area, and weren't sure where to get a solid burger. Upon doing some research, we found M2O and for $5+ for a burger we thought "why not?". 
We were not disappointed. I got the Village Burger and it was delicious. I was surprised that it came with two patties. We also got their M2O fries and despite it being takeout, the fries were perfectly hot and  crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Craving fulfilled!Skip this place. They prepare your order when you arrive for pickup. Then you wait for them to make it. Kinda ironic, given the name.M2O is delightful! We have been coming here since they opened and we keep coming back because we crave it. Definitely recommend! Prices are excellent, service is attentive, and everything we've had (burgers and fries) is great!What's not to love about these super delicious burgers and shakes?  Very  easy "contactless" pickup and delivery options.
Made our day so much brighter to get some good old American burgers, shakes and fries in our belly!Food is tasty. But portions (at least for the salads) on the smaller side given the price. And I've had to wait 20 minutes or more for food even when the place barely has people in it. For a place that has a small menu and automated tablet ordering, you'd think it be a bit quicker. They don't quite put the "fast" in fast casual.Wow!
I got an e-mail from Yelp informing me of the best burger places in Philly. Well I love to eat burgers so me and the wife checked out this place after going to a museum. 
We found meter parking no problem, but it was around noon. 
We were impressed with the layout of the place and it was not overcrowded. You can order face to face or use a screen. We decided to use the screen and it was easy to use. 
Next, we waited for our order for about 5 minutes or so and it was brought to where we were seated. 
I ordered the burger in lettuce wrap and my wife had the same burger on a potato bun. We also ordered the bacon cheese wiz fries. We also got one of their natural sodas. Well we were totally impressed with the meal and will definitely be checking out this place in the future. If you love burgers you need to check this place out.Ordered delivery for the first time. They took over an hour to prepare the order. I ordered a veggie burger, a salad, and onion rings. They gave me a real burger instead of a veggie burger. I've been a vegetarian for 26 years so I had to throw that out. The salad didn't have any dressing and as much as I love kale, I don't want dry greens for dinner. 
Would never order here again. Save yourself the trouble.TW's review is pathetic. 
I am a customer and was standing in line behind her when she was trying to gaslight the manager. Not only was she kind, courteous and patient, while she was trying to engage TW while she wrote her review, called corporate and no wonder she didn't hear the manager trying to engage her. She was busy trying to tear her down. I was nearly ready to refund her money myself just to get her out of the establishment. It's privileged people like her that give the rest of us a bad name. Yes the food is great. You can taste every ingredient. And it's fresh and homemade.Wow, how do I even begin? First of all the smoothies tasted like crap. The strawberry banana smoothie tastes like icy dirt water. My boyfriends peach mango smoothie tasted like mushed up worms and yogurt. They must of made the smoothies 90% ice and water to save money. I wish you could do a zero star review, one star is too generous. 
The burgers were mediocre. Thinner than a mcdonalds hamburger and
you don't even get to choose how you want it cooked. I highly doubt the chef there knows how to cook anything but a well done burger. You have to order fries separate and you don't even get that many. Very disappointing. 
I took my opinions to instagram and commented on their most recent picture to tell them about my experience and they deleted my comment! So i decided to comment again, they deleted those comments and then BLOCKED me from viewing and commenting on their instagram page! They couldn't take criticism and that's pathetic. Horrible horrible experience here with M2O. Go to mcdonalds, youll be more satisfied.I'm so tired of spending an exorbitant amount of my hard earned money on less than quality goods.
Its disappointing to say the least. This is exactly why I normally go to the market and come home to make my own.
I suggest you do the same.Love this place!! To be honest I was kinda skeptical about a 5 star casual burger and salad joint, especially a make your own. But sure enough, it is indeed worthy of it's almost flawless rating. 
Choose from almost a dozen pre-designed burgers, simple classic salads, milkshakes, New Hope Natural sodas, typical burger sides such as onion rings and fries AND the option to create burgers (veggie or beef) made to order, hence the name, M2O. ((Took me a minute. You shush!!))
Kiddos and I decided to create our own using one the kiosks. (Kiddos loved this!). Veggie burger on a crisp pretzel bun with grilled kale, spinach, cheddar cheese and lettuce with the M2O sauce on the side and two create your own half order salads...
My salad was compromised of kale with arugula, avocado, pumpkin and sunflower seeds, red onion, cucumber, tomato, carrots and jalapeño with garlic vinaigrette with crumbled veggie burger on top. It was an excellent salad!!! The ingredients were super fresh and plentiful and the burger was packed full of veggies and grilled to absolute perfection!! It was very spicy however. I didn't mind, but the kiddos weren't taken by surprise. (I wish they stated this somewhere on the menu!) The half order plated in a beautiful wooden bowl was quite the portion!! It seemed as if the bowl was never ending and I didn't mind one bit!! 
We enjoyed the clean open space with complimentary cucumber lemon water and good tunes. We equally enjoyed the cute courtyard on a gorgeous day! 
This place has such a great concept. There's really nothing like it in the area! Awesome choice for carnivore and vegans, the health conscious too.
Can't wait to return with my meat eating hubs! I've been telling everyone about it!The food is amazingly fresh and healthy !!  This is the best food anywhere in the neighborhood. Great seating indoors and a little back alley seating area. Please share the word!!The food is pretty good and at a great price point. I had a burger with a fried egg and a side of their fries, all of which was delicious. The caramel pretzel shake was okay but to be honest I don't know how practical literally putting tiny pretzels in a milkshake is if they aren't crushed up because the result is they keep catching in the straw when you try to drink it, and you're left with a cup of soggy pretzels.
That being said though, during COVID you're going to want to take your food to go. Their dine-in accomodation during this time is a few small tables in a back outdoor area that is right next to where they keep the garbage. Do the math on that to surmise how unpleasant it is.Good place for a quick bite. I always order a customized burger with onion rings. The M2O sauce is good too! Also, I love their garlic and sea salt fries too. The inside is spacious and clean (depending on the time you go- morning is usually spotless versus later at night).Usually the burgers are solid, but since we've been doing COVID takeout, we have had increasing problems. The most recent disappointment involved missing toppings (avocado), cold food, stale burner buns, and missing drinks that the staff were unwilling to remove from our order without an unreasonable wait time (while the food sat).Burgers were nice and tasty! Fries and onion rings were super crispy! Good prices too! Definitely adding this spot to our roster.I was really excited to try this place, as I love the idea of choosing my own salad ingredients. However, they forgot multiple items on our salads, and the produce was cut pretty terribly, as well as the avocado being hard as a rock. I'm hoping they were just really busy and distracted that night, because when we got there to pick up our food I noticed they had forgotten to put my boyfriend's salad dressing, as well as our order of fries. I'm glad I noticed before leaving! They also forgot the M2O sauce for the fries, but by the that point I had already asked told them they forgot the dressing and fries so I just let it go. This place has so much potential but maybe they need some more staff and/or need to retrain whoever preps the food. I might try again but I think I'll go with a burger and I'll check my order fully before leaving with it!The system for filling orders needs work here. The COVID challenge is real, but we placed a large order online, including some drinks. The drinks were not available when we showed up to pick up our order, and the person working refused to refund the money.Extremely small chicken fingers and VERY few onion rings (see picture). I attempted to reach out to the business on 2 platforms for feedback with no success/response. It's a shame but due to their quality and lack of customer service we will not order from here again. Do not be fooled by their very misleading Instagram. $7 for 3 tiny fingers and $5 for very few onion rings.Place is normally good but wait was longer even for pickup.  When we got home both burgers were completely wrong. Salad was delicious though. Person at register she was very nice.My husband and I go here all the time. It's definitely one of our new go-to's. Everyone has been so nice there. The burgers are some of the best I have had, and I'm not even a burger person. The salads are my favorite, though. Only have tried the green smoothie and it was fantastic. So happy something like this has gotten into this building after lots of change over the years. Hope this one is here to stay!Food- I randomly wandered in having never heard of this place before and was very pleasantly surprised! I ordered the philly burger and a side of fries and they were both fantastic! The burger was a bit small but the flavor more than made up for it. The fries were a HUGE portion and also great. 
Safety- I felt totally comfortable. You order on touch screens and they text you when your food is ready. I ate at a table outside, so it was a great experience.Decided to give them another shot. Their house made veggie burger turned out great and wasn't greasy at all (probably one of my top 5 favorite homemade veggie burgers in the city). The fries are a little thicker with a super crispy exterior, and the sauces were good as well. The only item I wouldn't order again is their smoothies, they taste watered down and artificially sweet. 
I think they're super reasonably priced and will definitely order again!