A place just for Mac and Cheese? Yes pl(ch)eeeeseee!  hearing about this place and I automatically knew I had to come and try it out. I really like the food! You get to build your own or select from the premade menu items! Cheesy? meaty options?satisfying?
the environment is great. The tables face towards the windows so u can look outside. The shop itself is pretty small so there aren't many tables, but that's alright. 
Food comes quick and price for Mac and cheese is alright I guess. I think it's a bit much for how much you get (pretty small) and it's not like it's the BEST Mac I've ever tasted though. I was expecting a bit more since this place specializes in Mac and cheese afterall. Still give this place a try though! It's still very deliciousThese girls have mac on lock. it was fast, clean and i was stuck in traffic eating allll my food. (and you know i was hot when i saw on Facebook the next day they had a sale) but that is what i love about them... they give and give! 
if you can try the mac with the cheese steak on top.....seriously a top notch!!!!Right flavor but the mac & cheese was gooey and undercooked. I would not recommend this place as a visitor.If you like Mac n Cheese you will love this place. It's located on a very busy street filled with shops and other surrounding restaurants. Mac Mart is very small so not ideal for crowds. Not a lot of seating but based on there niche it's probably expected. 
They have a variety of options on how you want your dish. I went with the Jalapeño Poppers. Service was quick and my food was ready in no time. They do serve you your dish in a Rubbermaid type of container which doesn't look like much but it was very filling. The dish it's self was great, I loved it!! I would highly recommend this place for all  Mac n Cheese lovers.
I also like how they encourage you to keep the container b/c it's reusable and encourages recycling.
Overall service was goodLet's start off by saying that I love, LOVE, Mac and cheese. Saying that, I have to say that the Mac and cheese here is so externally good, I got "The buff" and it was so creamy and cheesy that I was literally just hit with all the flavors on this. The price/quantity is very good. I think the most expensive one is about $12 and the amount is more than enough to share with someone else ( But  what crazy person would ever share Mac and cheese? ) 
The store is very cute and although small with the outdoor seating is just so cute. The staff is super friendly and they're Sheryl temple is the best. And just the fact that they are environmentally conscious just gives them the extra point they didn't need at this point, you are actually able to take the container that they give you to re-useMac Mart is awesome. They have great menu items and try new limited time things that turn out to be really tasty. They had a cheesesteak topped with mac and cheese a few months ago and it was so good. When you feel like having a cheat day, this is a great spot.Mac and cheese is really tasteless. Not worth the price at all. Got the BBQ Bowl. Dry chicken,  chewy macaronis, and soggy cornbread "crunch"Holy crap! Their Mac and cheese is amazing! I got the buffalo chicken and the only thing was I could have had her go lighter on the chips on top - otherwise it was perfect. The portion size was awesome and the noodles were creamy with cheese but not mushy. And it's so fast!I was so excited for a mac & cheese only store and ended up disappointed. The mac is only ok and they have a weird policy that doesn't all you to order a basic mac & cheese plain. You must order the more expensive "classic creations" from the menu. The portion is a good size but I wouldn't recommend it over all.I've had Mac Mart now 3 times. Once last year, and twice this year (so far) at the different Night Markets throughout the city. I love this Mac so freakin much, I have to write a review now!! 
When I see that hot pink truck, I start jumping like a little kid and I get so excited!! I will wait in the longest line for this Mac, I don't care! It's that good. 
The BBQ chicken Mac is my favorite so far, but they always change the flavors so you can always try something new! I love that! I recently had the spinach & artichoke Mac, that was killer also. All the special combo macs are better than their 7 cheese original, IMO.  so try something fancy!  The Mac is so creamy and rich, that's what I love. You hardly taste the noodles cause the cheese and other toppings are so rich.. That's how you make Mac!! It should be so creamy that it sticks to the roof of your mouth.. Yes! Mac mart does it right!! 
I got 2 of my friends hooked on it already, who's never had it before. They love it too! And the staff working the truck are so friendly they rock. 
Can't wait for the next night market so I can eat this creamy cheesy amazing goodness all over again! MAC MART!!! Don't change a thing, you guys are amazing.I heard really good things about their Mac Mart truck that goes around. So I went to the restaurant when it opened up to try their Mac and Cheese. I got their grilled chicken pesto Mac and Cheese and I was actually pretty disappointed. I don't think I will be coming back here again.So unique to have a restaurant devoted to mac and cheese! I feel like that definitely appeals to a younger crowd, but it is a part of what makes the Philadelphia food scene so diverse as well! I went with the BBQ chicken bowl and it was so good, and filling! I was worried about the price, but it was definitely enough food for two full meals, and the tupperware is microwaveable so it is reusable, which is a plus! Can't wait to return! I just wish there was more seating availableA very decent bowl of mac n cheese, but nothing that special. You can build your own bowl, or go for a "classic creation". I got the Rittenhouse; topped w/ creamy sautéed spinach & artichoke dip.This flavors were very good, and the elbow mac were a nice consistency. I just wish there was more topping. The dish as a whole wasn't creamy, cheesy, or gooey enough. The potato chip panko crust made it even drier.I love Macaroni and Cheese! Like love it and I loved this place. Staff was pleasant. Inside is small with a few seats along the window. Some outside seating as well. I had the Crabby Mac. The portions are filling. I hope to be back soon!Ok, we clearly have some problems... we tried this place yesterday, lost our minds over how good it was, then drove back from Roxborough the next day. No joke, this place is heaven. Everything is so good and portions are huge. Well worth every dime. We live in VA now, but have family here, so we will make this a regular stop along with our other favorite restaurants. For now, we've got our to-go containers ready for indulging when we get to our bed at home lol. Oh man, we're so fat.Stopped in on a hot day craving some mac. Been planning to come here for awhile. I immediately ordered The Rittenhouse. It was delicious and I would definitely come here again.Delicious food and the employees are very accommodating.  Excellent customer service.  With a call ahead, they can modify meals for those that must adhere to a gluten free diet.  I highly recommend this restaurant.Absolutely delicious! I was led here through a random video ad on facebook, and I am so glad I followed the breadcrumbs (pun intended) to this macaroni spot. There is so much variety, that you could come once and then come again and again, even though everything is macaroni and cheese. I went with the cheesesteak mac because I was in Philly and was not disappointed in any way! The service is friendly and very willing to give advice and recommendations for the best options for you. Whatever you do don't skip getting their signature crumble, it is definitely the perfect topping, I wish I could have taken a cup home for my own mac and cheese. Now, the macaroni and cheese base is PRETTY good, if you make a strong baked mac and cheese this might not compete on purely base alone but once they make their combo magic you have what has earned this place a solid four stars. Limited seating so more of a quick eat, if that matters, but, if you are in Philly definitely stop in!I love the marts Mac basic Mac n cheese. Cute, clean, polite, helpful staff. Just a few seats.YUM!! Almost as good as Smac in NYC! Next time I'll get the basil pesto chicken Mac!I was hooked ever since I starting following Mac Mart on Instagram a few months ago but didn't make it out to the store until today. It's a small place with limited seating so I took my order to go. The menu was a bit overwhelming but I played it safe and ordered the Rittenhouse, which is basically a scoop of spinach dip on top of the original Mac and cheese, topped with breadcrumbs. Overall, it satisfied my immediate need for mac and cheese but it definitely wasn't the fresh, cheesy, gooey dish I hoped for. The pasta itself was a little too al dente and the cheese tasted like processed cheese. Personally, I like Panera's Mac and cheese better but the toppings make this option more appealing. Oh, portions are heavy so I recommend sharing an order!I'm used to the 5mins Microwavable Mac & Cheese so I walked in to Mac Mart with very low expectations. The macaroni and cheese here is so good and def nothing like the microwavable ones! I got the Jalapeño Mac and cheese and boy was it spicy, just perfect. Also, the box they serve their mac and cheese is so cute and microwave + dishwasher safe. The place is tiny and got filled up really fast yet their service was fast and efficient!The mac and cheese is amazing!! The mac and cheese is heavy on the breadcrumbs, which may not be enjoyable for everyone, but you can ask to not have it :) The menu is huge and will have something everyone will like for a decent price. The only down side of this place is the restaurant is small and seating is limited. Other than that, it's great!The portions are a lot bigger than they look. My boyfriend and I went (he's a very picky eater), and we didn't think it would be enough. We both ended up getting two meals out of our bowls. Phenomenal!Love this place. I ordered the mac & cheese with the tots but they didn't have anymore tots which was fine I had a back up choice. The food came up quick and as I was eating my bowl one of the girls brought me out another bowl of the Mac & tots because the kitchen made a fresh batch she didn't know about. The derive and food was great :)I've never even had the food truck, but I can tell they made absolutely no changes. The food isn't even decent for being a brick and mortar "restaurant." It tastes exactly how I imagine the food truck food to taste: cheap, fattening, with hardly any effort put in to make it, but hey, if that's your thing, then to each his own.
The inside is so tiny. I can only imagine what this place looks like during the lunch rush.
I can only see Mc Mart's value as a food truck for people who work nearby to get a quick lunch at, not as a legitimate counter-serve restaurant (so if you have more than a half hour, you're better off going somewhere else).This place is mac&cheese heaven! They have so many options to choose from! You can choose from either their own creations or make your own! Unfortunately, I was only able to try the Jalapeño Popper Mac which was to DIE for! I didn't think mac&cheese could get any better than this. I will definitely be back to try their other creations. Can't wait!!!
ONLY DOWNSIDE:
I got super lucky and found seating as soon as I entered, but the facility is TINY. So don't expect to find a seat (especially during lunch hour/busy day). 
They package their mac&cheese in microwave friendly bowls, though. So feel free to take it home to eat.Our favorite mac and cheese! Online tray ordering is easy and efficient! Pick up was quick and our guests enjoyed every last nite! YumGreat portions, fast and friendly service, amazing different combinations all of which are great and delicious. Love Mac and cheese and this place gets it.We ordered two different variety and both were semi dry ( although description says creamy).  No crusty cheese - just awful pre-made toppings.  I will not be going again ever!When Mac Mart was just a food truck, this place was so hyped up. I went to the food truck festival last year and waited in line for probably an hour for this mac and cheese. I think it tasted so good because I had been salivating for it for an hour in line. 
I'll admit that the potato chip panko is unique and the mac and cheese is good, but I really think this place was overhyped. 
My friends and I went to the actual restaurant back in September and we liked it. We loved that they gave us our food in reusable containers and we liked getting to be more creative with how we wanted our mac. However, it was still pretty average, just like my experience at the truck. 
I'm not saying I'll never be back to Mac Mart but I definitely have realized how much this place was talked up! If you go in there expecting to be mind blown, you'll be disappointed.This is not a food truck.  It's a full high quality Mac and cheese oasis of a restaurant.I've been to the truck and storefront a total of 7 times now and have never been let down. Cheese lovers this is where it's at. Crabby Mac and Margarita Mac are my fav. Looking forward to more visits.Mac and cheese is good but the toppings r kind of unspectacular. Corn bread crumbs a little too tasteless. Also overpriced for mac and cheeseThis place is affordable, fast, and delicious. I tend to prefer moister Mac and cheese but given that this is essentially fast food, it wasn't an issue for me. This was so good. I got one of the classic creations vs. building my own, but everything looked good and most importantly, everyone looked so happy eating their food regardless of their orders!
It is super filling - one pound of very high calorie Mac and cheese and toppings. Not a deterrent at all for me, but it did mean I couldn't finish it all in one sitting (if you're someone who doesn't like leftovers and who doesn't eat very much, you might not be as into it - but I happen to love them!).
It is a tiny place, so there is hardly any seating. It's not a good place to go with a group (or depending on time of day, even by yourself) unless you have somewhere else to go and eat; Rittenhouse square is nearby for nice weather.
Finally, the service was friendly. There was actually a malfunction with the credit card payment system when I was there, perhaps due to an Internet issue they were having, so my meal ended up being free because they couldn't get the payment to go through. They were so nice about it. I'll definitely go back just to support them - and, to enjoy the food!So good, so bad for you. Delicious food in cute to-go containers. Located in ideal shopping area. Friendly staff and decent prices (especially for a college student). Highly recommend!I was excited to try the Mac Mart after seeing them in a video on Facebook.  Macaroni & Chese is my all time favorite side dish, and hearing about a place that takes it and turns time into different variations of entrées, immediately peaked my interest ... What's even better is that they deliver, so on a lazy Sunday, a friend and I looked over the menu and ordered some food. 
I got an "In the Buff" buffalo chicken mac & chesse, and a "Crabby Mac".  To my disappointment, they were not as great as I was expecting. I prefer to have so much cheese in my macaroni you can see it stretch out everytime you pull a spoonfull away from the bowl, and these mac and cheeses were lacking that. The toppings could have also had a more generous portion for the price.
All in all, they were tasty just lacking in the amount of overall ingredients for me, which is surely a preference. I say try the mac mart for yourself and decide if it's something you like or not, because this place seems to be pretty popular.I saved my 100th review for this place. I have such a respect for Mac Mart because like me, the owner and founder is a Drexel University Alumni. It started out with a bright pink food trunk on our campus. I remember it was the only macaroni and cheese truck in Philly. Won a lot of awards. And for good reason! 
I got lunch there once a week my freshman year. And even my sophomore year, when the prices went up to prepare for a store front. 
I was so excited when this place got a building in center city. It's hard to miss with the bright neon pink sign. It's kinda like cold stone. They have original recommended flavors (my go to is In the Buff) or a build your own. It is $10 but it usually lasts two meals for me. It even comes in reusable Tupperware! 
And the staff there is so generous. They're attentive, attractive, and caring. Ready to help and answer questions. They all seem to genuinely love their jobs. 
If I'm anywhere remotely near the store, I stop byYummy. 
I had plain mac n cheese, it was really good. 
Hubby had buffalo mac n cheese, he seemed to really like it. 
Good food.Went yesterday with a few friends after walking around the city most of the day. The mac and cheese is amazingly creamy, and the pasta is cooked perfectly. I got the Rittenhouse, and I don't think I'll ever eat mac and cheese without spinach & artichoke dip on top ever again.If you love Mac and cheese then this is the place for you. The Mac and cheese itself tastes great but my favorite is that you can customize your Mac and cheese with toppings and add ons. I can never finish so I'm grateful that it Mac comes in a Tupperware container. I can't wait to go back.I still love this place a year later! And now on Tuesdays they have MAC & CHEESE TACOS!! Thought it sounded silly but that is one delicious creation. The roasted red pepper pesto I tried today is also delightful. No, it's not the best mac & cheese in the city by my taste, but it's so perfectly satisfying as a quick and easy and filling comfort food & the toppings are high quality. Also appreciate the sustainable choice of serving in reusable microwaveable Tupperware. Try it!My 3 year old and I thank you for having our favorite food group- Mac-n-cheese as a whole restaurant! We have always loved visiting their truck, and now are excited that we can have it anytime we want! That being said... Prepare for a serious carb load! I am thinking it will be a great catering option for his birthday!I so wanted to love this place. I've never been so disappointed in Mac and cheese. It was so al dente and chewy that I could barely eat it. I'm assuming this was intentional and just how they serve their take on Mac and cheese. Terribly overpriced also. What a letdown.I've been a frequent customer of Drexel alumni Marti's Mac Mart Cart, aka "The Big Pink", since I started working at Drexel and I am thrilled that they have opened a fast casual storefront so close to my work. It's the perfect indulgent cheesy treat to go. The staff is passionate about their product and loyal to their fans and customer. They're great at engaging on social media too. Go for the original 7-cheese mac or one of their signature recipes. The Corndog Cup is one of my favorites with cornbread crumbles and hot dog bites. #GotYourMacOnI was so excited that they went from a food truck to a restaurant and it was so close to my work! I went for lunch with my co-workers and was super impressed with their customized tupperware that the mac came in. It was about $11 for the food, a little steep but I knew it was coming before I went. I got the cowboy cup which is jalapeno infused mac topped with bacon, buttermilk ranch and cornbread crunch. I watched the girl put the jalapeno oil on the mac and I should have known from there. There was so much jalapeno oil on it that it took me forever to eat it because my mouth was on fire. It was good, but would have been enjoyable if I didn't just pick little bites because my mouth was burning. It was $11 so I was not going to waste it!The food is great but the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is that I went to try it today and I've noticed that the container was smaller which for the price of $10 feels like a rip off. I've had Mac Mart before and I never thought the portions were small but this time I felt cheated. The employees are nice and it's a good place but Mac & Cheese for that price and for the amount you are getting isn't something I would go frequently for.Ok while I don't know how many people are jumping up and down fighting for $12 Mac and cheese for lunch.. let me tell you it is money well spent. I had the chicken basil pesto Mac and cheese and my oh my was that something special. The portion seems small but considering how rich and hearty the contents are, I ended up turning it into 2 meals.
The combination of flavors are unique and truly delightful. As the weather is getting colder I see this as a great option for comfort food. Give your body some tlc with this mac!I have been here a few times and the mac and cheese is good, all be it a smidge thick but otherwise good with a drink. Today I came for the lobster mac bowl. I had seen a picture on facebook and it looked amazing. I get there, order, and as I am beig handed my first bowl I realize it is half the size of the normal bowl. Turns out there are two kinds of mac and cheese with lobster the baller mac, which is what I actully saw on FB and lobster mac which is apparently half the size(which you can tell because they use two different color bowls) and twice the price and simply offers lobster on mac and cheese with some bread crumbs. I asked if I could just pay the difference for the baller bowl and have them use the mac I hadn't even touched yet(still had the lid on it and the second order hadn't been completed) and the lady working had an attitude said she couldnt do anything "because its already made" we came specifically for the baller bowl and we were disappointed to say the least. The lobster mac is not bad but underwhelming for nearly 13 dollars especially given that you get half the amount.Mac 'n cheese from here was delicious ! Came all the way from NYC and was happy that I did. The choices are endless and you can't go wrong ! Great customer service too !This place is so so so good! I had the Mac n cheese topped with bbq sauce and pork (I believe? I don't know I ate it so fast). I want to go back and try the Mac n cheese with the chicken and the pesto and the one with the buffalo chicken. If you don't like any of their options, you can also build your own. The dishes are about $10, but you get a huge serving. I shared mine with a friend. There's limited seating, so I recommend taking your meal to go. The wait may be a tad bit long since they just opened, but trust me, it's worth it. This restaurant is conveniently located near several bars and rittenhouse square. I love going to continental midtown for happy hour and then stopping by here for dinner on the way home. You have to try it out!Literally just received a bowl of breadcrumbs. Still looking for the mac and cheese in the bowl. Maybe I'll find it eventually... pretty unsatisfying.Probably one of my favorite food spots in philly. If you are a mac and cheese lover, look no further!  They are totally worth the calories and taste great even as leftovers.Amazing Mac! Just moved from Texas to Philly and the Mac Mart is one of the first places in the city that I've ventured to (other than Redding Terminal). I had the Smoked and Spicy Pulled Pork and it was simply amazing. The staff was friendly and let us know about the usefulness of their take-away bowls.
I'm an artist who works in the city a lot so I'll definite return.Went here on a cold winter night. We actually plan to go to this place way back after the opening. 
Our car park near to this place, we decided to finally try this place.
Man, the cheese that they're using is out of this world. It's not salty or gooey like most of the mac&cheese that i've taste.
We ordered BBQ Bacon bowl with Sriracha on the side. It was the bomb especially during cold night.
Everything taste perfect. The warm cheese and macaroni. The heat from the sriracha and the smoky smell from the BBQ sauce.
One of my favorite place hands downWas so excited when this opened in walking distance from my office since I had heard so many great things about the food truck. Went with 3 others and we all got different combinations and can't wait to return to try even more. Very filling, lasted 2 meals and staff was quick and friendly.Have you ever had a random craving for mac and cheese but didn't want to spend $20 on a full size serving or $10 on a side dish serving at a really cool bar? Then Mac Mart is the place for you! 
I had the Crabby Mac, which is a surprisingly good deal for just $9.50 plus tax (with bits of real crab!). The base mac and cheese itself is sooooooo cheesy! I've spent the same amount on side dish servings at bars, and they didn't have as much cheese as this! 
I imagine they make a lot and then keep it on a warmer because it's like a "fast food" place, right? I've had others (from fast food like places) that were burnt or dried out, but not here! I'm very surprised and happy with how it turned out. 
You also get a lot for the price. It's about a pound, I think someone else said before. And they have a lot of cool toppings like caramelized onions, fresh mozzarella, and FRICKIN TATOR TOTS!!Fast, affordable, delicious. Unique menu. Treated with kindness and respect. I would recommend for quick lunch or quick dinner.I'm fairly new to Philadelphia so when my friend was  planning to visit from Maryland I wanted to be sure that I showed her a good time and all things unique to Philly. I chose Mac Mart as our destination after a long day playing walking tourists. I had a feeling it was a good choice & im glad I went with my gut. We walked in & were greeted by the acclaimed. The place has a few tables for outside seating as well as [small] diner like-countertop seating inside. They played some really good music as we checked out the menu. I got the Cowboy & my friend opted for the crab style dish (must be a Maryland thing, lol) SN: she added bacon. Go for it! We each got a bow with a lemonade & dug in. REALLY good Mac, man. Plus, the bowl was so filling that I only finished half. Not to worry they were sure to let me know that the bowl is recyclable & dishwasher safe. We're pretty lively girls so after we finished .. we danced & one of the workers joined in a bit (remaining behind the counter, of course). Overall a good vibe. I'm adding it to the list of places that I take ALL of my out of town guests.First time I ever ordered from here. Food was really good and delivered quicker than expected. Only bad thing was that the food was cold :( don't know if it was because the delivery man was on a bicycle? I'll try again thoughThis place is great for a quick but delicious bowl of various types of macaroni and cheese! The staff is very efficient and accommodating. I really liked that the containers they serve the meal in is reusable. The seating indoors is limited but there are a couple  of outdoor tables.Anything mac and cheese related, you can count me in! Coming to Philly to visit, my friend told me we had to hit this spot, and so we did. 
Walking in, it was a small space, but very aesthetically pleasing. The staff was very friendly, and made some pretty helpful recommendations to us. 
After taking some time, I settled on the Cowboy Cup Mac, which was mac and cheese with jalapeno oil, and bacon, topped off with cornbread and ranch. When I first saw it, I wondered if it was really worth it since the portions didn't seem that big. However, the mac and cheese was so rich that it definitely filled me up. 
The mac and cheese was pretty good, the highlight I would have to say is the jalapeno oil. This made a world of difference for the flavors of the mac and cheese, such a great idea. One personal preference that I would have is for the mac and cheese to be cheesier, more of a saucy cheese than thick.
Wish I could come here more often to try the other menu options. For those that are craving a decadent bowl of mac and cheese - you gotta check this place out.Brilliant idea and so delicious ! I wish I lived in Philly so I could become a regular.Really good mac and cheese but a little expensive for mac and cheese.  I like that you can reuse the container that they give you your food in and the staff is super nice.  Very nice minimalist decor.THE MAC MART HAS CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER! Never have I experienced the best mac n cheese in my life! It breaks my heart there isn't any Mac Marts in the west coast 
More of a reason to come back to Philadelphia!This restaurant was a hidden gem that I found while walking down the street in Philadelphia visiting from Miami! 
I ordered the Crabby Mac and added bacon well my girlfriend simply ordered the crabby Mac as listed on the menu. The name described it well it was very crabby and delicious. I however I found that the bacon made it taste less crabby but still very tasty. The macaroni was very cheesy and cooked to perfection. If you like macaroni and cheese or if you'd like cheese this place is for you! You are even able to customize what you want on your own macaroni and cheese. Call dishes come in a adorable reusable container that is perfect for reheating. Usually I hate eating reheated noon from a restaurant but this macaroni and cheese tasted better the second time than it did the first time! It was so much food that you might want to consider Sharing a plate if you are with someone. And if not you'll definitely have enough for lunch the following day. 
You won't regret stopping at the Mac Mart!I had the barbeque chicken mac and cheese. It was very flavorful and tasty. The portion size seems small and i wish it were a little bigger but it mostly filled me up. I would definatly reccomend this to a friend and go back again.I saw on Philly.com that a new Mac and Cheese place was opening near my office so I had to try it out.   The place is clean and cute but did not have much of a seating area so we had to  take it to go.  
The layout is backwards.  The line was out the door instead of streaming it thru the restaurant so I held the door for a  few people (no choice) and I was the 4th person in line.  Perhaps they can use one of those line leader things where it helps people stand in line in the store?
The mac and cheese was GOOD/TASTY but it was warm.  I'm not sure if it was because it was I had not choice but to take it to go or because it was just not hot enough.  I'm thinking the latter.    I have to say that adding the topping made the meal much tastier.   
The price was a bit much but the portion was enough for 2 meals... $11 for a bowl of mac and cheese.   It's tasty but not an everyday lunch place especially since the $11 excluded a drink and a place to eat my meal.Very yummy Mac and cheese.. They give you big portions and are friendly. They top the mac and cheese with potato chip panko crumbs.. What more could you ask for!?! Can't wait to go back again.Mac Mart is the epitome of comfort food for this stressed out law student. The Mac n cheese is amazing- the pasta is delightfully chewy and the cheese sauce is unique and flavorful. I've tried their classic Mac, buffalo chicken Mac, and the tater tot Mac. Word on the street is they're releasing a hash brown Mac later this week... can't wait to try that!Yooo! So we ended up here on a Sunday morning after having heard of someone visiting this place. The Boy got his cowboy cup and I got the jalapeño one which , definitely better of the two. 
The price is pretty ok, I could get two ish meals out of it if I think about the calories I'm digesting. It tastes really good, given I've not been a huge fan of mac n cheese.I too was an eager follower of Mac Mart's truck and ate it whenever it was at Drexel's campus. I was so excited when they announced the brick and mortar. I was not disappointed. There is a huge selection of toppings compared to the truck's daily mixes, and the ingredients are fresher and arranged beautifully given the new and improved containers (which are reusable!).
I had the margarita mac, and the tomato and basil was so perfect with the garlicy panko crunch and rich cheese. My boyfriend got the Heart Attack Mac, which is exactly what it sounds like; it too was incredible and had an excellent flavour assortment going. Despite getting carryout, the new containers still kept the mac warm, and it was still hot by the time we got home - 15 blocks away. This place never disappoints.You should fill soufflé cups with all the different types you offer and call it the undecided or the Kelly whicheverThe location is in a prime spot of Center City, and was the spot we picked to dine at for a quick lunch. The small shop didn't have nearly any dining space open with the amount of people inside (very common in the city) and we were lucky to grab a table outside. Though it was January at the time, we made do. The food is somewhat reasonably priced, depending on what you order. 
I ordered a simple one - Mac & Cheese with caramelized onions, garlic panko and some bacon. The amount of garlic panko on the top was a bit overwhelming, really ruining the dish for my taste. The taste was so strong in every bite that I just had to put my fork down and call it good. While I personally was not a fan, if you enjoy the taste of garlic being very present in every bite, then this could be for you. I have not gone back, but would definitely try it again if I ordered something different. Regardless, the staff were very courteous and easygoing which made the atmosphere of the small shop to be very lively.Awesome Mac n Cheese. Never know one  could get so many variants of the Mac. Will definitely be coming back here for more. Kids and grown ups will love the place.The Macaroni and Cheese here is phenomenal, not to heavy and extremely savory!! Visited my friend in Philly and he took me here and it was a perfect lunch light and delicious. The cheese was velvety and had the perfect amount of spice with the jalapeño oil. Also, the cowboy cup comes with cornbread crumble which provided a nice crunch and the sweetness balanced out the spice! Absolutely Delicious!!Love love it. Ability to change toppings and sauces, add a crunch, or pick from their creations is great. The cowgirl is my favorite. At the time was a special but I think you can order it. Good mac, tasty cheese with the right gooey consistency, and quite fillingNot sure what the hype is about this Mac and cheese. The storefront and people were nice but the product was mediocre . No real flavor and rubbery cheese. Portion size was good. No need to go back.I have been here several times. the Macaroni and Cheese is outstanding. Creamy, Rich, and Delicious. You can choose add one like peppers, proteins, saffron, etc. I always go for the crab or classic mac. The pasta is always cooked perfectly, and it's so nice to have a place in the city that makes great Mac and Cheese.I was a little skeptical on how good a Mac and cheese only place would be. I was way wrong. I got the lobster Mac and cheese special and it blew my mind. I've had every kind of Mac and cheese out there (probably my favorite "bad" food. They do a great job making it just cheesy enough without it being overbearing and the size for the lobster special was perfect. Keep it up!I looooove mac and cheese. Enough to pay $10+ even though I was reluctant. I was surprised to see how small the portions are and the price point made me even more frustrated. Nevertheless, I tried to move on from monetary things. Ordered "the Rittenhouse" and was pleased but not wowed. Definitely would have loved more cheesy-ness or larger portion! 4/5 for cool location and nice concept but deducted points for price and sizing.