If you're craving sushi, it's not bad. I mention not bad only because I still am in search of really, really authentic sushi in this town. Anyone know where it's hiding??We went here with a Groupon, so the prices ended up very nice. However, the service was terrible. We had no idea what was going on. We were completely ignored when we walked in. We waited a long time to have our order taken, even though it wasn't a long time. We waited another long time to have our food come out. We ordered the Sexy City Roll, the Spider Roll and the Spicy Tuna Roll. They were all decent, but it didn't make up for the terrible service.Tiny sushi bar serves ok sushi at reasonable prices.
1. Angry dragon roll is tasty. Shrimp tempura adds a nice texture to the roll, but the batter is not light and crisp the way tempura should be.  Still tastes fine, but just not executed quite right (as tempura).  
2. Spicy tuna roll : disappointing.  Not much fish in there, tastes mainly like the spicy mayo sauce.  Roll seemed to collapse a bit as there wasn't much in there.  Wouldn't want this again.
3.  Alaska salmon/avocado roll is solid.  Nothing special, but good.
4. Yellowtail/scallion roll doesn't taste like much.  I wouldn't bother getting this again either.
Rolls seem generally thin on fish, which was not the freshest sushi fish I've had, but not bad either.  It's ok.
Not bad if you're in the area & just need some food.  There's a 3 roll special for $10.95.Disappointing. I decided to try here because it's near my place and Vic's is closed on Sundays. I agree with the reviews about the food not tasting fresh. There was something off about it all together. I go the sashimi app and the tropical roll. I had to force myself to eat the roll and ended up leaving a piece because it just wasn't good. The salmon sashimi was good but the tuna pieces did not taste fresh. They were nice enough in there, but I won't be back.Ordered delivery from here last week and was sorely let down. 
Here is a rapid fire list of my grievances:
Delivery took about an hour and 15 minutes.
Rolls were skimpy.
I think I bit into bone or something weird in one of the rolls.  
End list. 
-I might try this place again if there's no better option, but definitely not for delivery.I really miss japanese food so i went there but udon is tooo oliy .. I couldn't eat it one sip is enough...I recently discovered this place in my neighborhood. I've ordered there a few times and I always get the 3 roll special with either a seaweed salad or a house salad. It's a great deal and definately enough food for a person! The proportions are good and the food is fresh. The ginger dressing for the house salad as a kick to it, which I really enjoy. My favorite rolls to order for the 3 roll special are spider roll, shrimp tempura roll, and california roll the most.
The service is great and the people there are friendly. The atmosphere is very vibrant and fresh, although the place is a little small. It is best for takeout, delivery or as a casual place for a quick bite with a friend or two. 
The only complaint is that when they're busy (usually around lunch 12-1 or from dinner 6-9) the food does take longer to deliver or pickup (unless you ask the person to rush order it). However, this is pretty usual for any restaurant whether cheap or upscale. 
Overall, I think that the sushi is great, and it is definately a place worth checking out! I will definately be going there again! By the way, the place is BYOB so bring your own, (if you forget, dont worry, there is a place down the street that sells alchol that you can bring to Machi)Love this place.  I can't speak for their delivery or take-out, but I do sit and eat in the restaurant pretty frequently, and always have a pleasant experience.  The space is small but the servers are polite and attentive -- they've been accommodating whether I'm in a group of two or eight.  I always get the three roll special.  I've had a handful of the special deluxe rolls and honestly don't think they're worth the added cost.  Presentation is always beautiful.Of the dozen our so Philly sushi places I've sampled so far, this one wins hands down.  
The fish - especially the salmon - is fresh and delicious.  I always order one of two things when I come here - the Salmon Combo, which is 6 pieces of salmon nigiri and two salmon rolls for like $16; or the all-day 3 roll special for $11.  I'm never disappointed.
When my boyfriend comes with me he usually orders one of the "special rolls".  The Xmas roll is especially good, and I'm not usually into special rolls.
It's a tiny little place and the decor is nothing to write home about, but they make up for it with the soundtrack of Kelly Clarkson and Lady Gaga.  Oh, and by serving bomb ass sushi.
It's BYOB with no corking fee.  I prefer my sushi with a $6 bottle of pino grigio, but the bros next to us brought a case or Coors.
BONUS: They also accept LevelUp, if you're into that.Machi is your typical sushi place - I wouldn't call it a "hole in the wall" because it is nice inside, but it is quite small.  I think it's one of the better sushi restaurants in Philly - especially since they have reasonable prices and a bangin' weekday lunch special.  
The wakame salad portions are large, they have a long and diverse list of specialty rolls, it's a BYOB...  it's my GO-TO sushi place. I just realized that my review doesn't make it sound all that great - it IS great...!  It's just that the nature of sushi seems to be either good or bad - either the fish is fresh or it isn't, service is typical of any other small Japanese restaurant....  IMHO, a spicy tuna roll is a spicy tuna roll is a spicy tuna roll, whether you get it at Machi or the sushi place down the block.Pretty good. 
I had been craving sushi for a couple of weeks and decided to indulge here. I got a dragon roll and a vegetable roll. Both were very very good. The avocado on top of my dragon roll was super fresh, and everything tasted amazing. The only bad thing I have to say is that my house salad starter was a little gross. The ginger dressing looked a bit like congealed cheese.. Notice, however, that I still gave 4 starts because the sushi was so good. 
The service was also very quick. However, this is not the place to sit and dine for an extended period. The space is pretty small. Rather, its an excellent take out candidate. They must have pumped out dozens of take out rolls in the short time I dined there for.
I would also try the 3 rolls for $10 special. Pretty good right??
Give it a try!I ordered the 3 roll special, and shockingly they delivered to West Philly. Delivery took an hour but the rolls were pretty good. I'd order again!Me and my friends came here for dinner. This place is so reasonably priced! I came here around 7 PM to get dinner, we were the only customers. However you can tell all the people working at Machi are busy preparing for the delivery order. This seems like a popular sushi place for delivery. There were only two tables for seating and four seats for bar seating. Small place but I'm a fan!!
I ordered the spicy tuna roll and the fried sweet potato roll, these are my go to rolls. They have really good deals 2 rolls for $8.50 and 3 rolls for $12.50. My friends they got the fancy rolls and they were all so good. We finished them in a matter of 10 minutes. After sushi, of course we checked in on Yelp since we purchased $25+, and we received the free cheesecake (shown in pic). We all left with happy stomachs :) I will definitely come back again when I visit philly the next time.I ordered this sushi over the weekend for delivery and there were so many things wrong with my order.
1. They didn't include the side of ginger dressing I specifically requested. 
2. I ordered two - 3 roll specials... they got two of the rolls mixed up so one of my rolls was in the other person's order and vice versa. 
3. The spicy tuna roll smelled and tasted like the tuna had gone bad. 
As someone who orders sushi on a weekly basis (and decided to deviate from my normal sushi place), I am extremely disappointed and will NEVER order from Machi again.
Fat Salmon and Yellowtail Sushi are by far better sushi places in the city.I haven't been here in person; I only order delivery, but I order pretty often.  I think the sushi's an easy 5.  I definitely prefer it over the other sushi I've had delivered around University City.  Small portions for normal people, probably; exactly the right portion size for me.  I love the spring rolls, and the veggie gyoza were decent.  The salad wasn't anything to shout about, and some of the lettuce looked pretty wilted.  They forgot my spicy sauce last time, but otherwise, service is always timely and professional.Two words:  DYNAMITE ROLL. 
Also, if I could bathe in the house salad dressing, I would.Machi Sushi Bar is my go-to restaurant for my sushi cravings! I find that their selections are unique, well-prepared, and delicious. I like to experiment and try their special rolls. It helps that the restaurant offers some discounts on the chef specials (10%) and that there is a 3-roll special combo, too! 
Experiment, be adventurous! Read through the menu and try some delicious sushi!Tasty and fresh sushi, with some inventive rolls.  Very inexpensive - like we pigged out and spent $45 for dinner for 2.  The place is very small (2-3 tables with some sushi bar seating).  Due to the nature of the smallness of the joint, with what seems to be poor ventilation, you do leave smelling a little tempura'ed.  Otherwise, a good hidden gem!This is my go-to sushi place.!I've been in on many different evenings, it's always fantastic! They have a huge carry out/ delivery business so the place is always hopping even when there are only two tables seated. This eve all tables are full!
This place gets better and better. Shared the tuna dumplings, the Halloween Roll, Sweet heart Roll and the Spider roll combo! Very very very fresh and presented beautifully! Sushi chefs put love into those rolls and Nella greets everyone with smile. Friendly, knowledgeable and professional, I love this place!!!I always enjoy coming here, good tasting sushi for a fair price. They have a three roll special for $10.95, so can't complain about that. I've been to a good amount of sushi restaurants in the area, and this is one of my favorite ones for sure. The ladies that take your order are nice. I've never stayed to eat here but would in the future.I have ordered takeout/delivery about 4 times from Machi. I really want to like this place and I'm willing to give them another shot. It just seems like they are inconsistent with quality and serving size. The first time I ordered, the  three different types of fish (salmon, tuna, and white tuna) tasted very much a like.  I let them know and they replaced my order with fresher fish and bigger rolls for free. I was so impressed. I figured this would be my new go-to sushi place and I started recommending it to others. Then the last time I ordered a delivery order, the rolls were short  and tiny. The container was not even full. It was like a quarter less full than normal. I was given the explanation that they just had a different chef that day. I was not apologized to nor given any discount or replacement. I don't understand nor agree with that. I even took a picture of my order to show it was significantly smaller portions  than usual.Our go to place for work lunch.  Always fresh and delivered fast.  Use GrubHub for easy ordering.Food was ok except the soy sauce was clearly watered down. Is that really saving much money? The place itself is dirty. Not good for A place serving raw fish.I'm not a big sushi person, so I am not sure how much my opinion manners.  I got the shrimp tempura and the spider roll.  Both were really good.  I prefer the shrimp over the spider roll.  My boyfriend got the yellowfish and the spicy salmon.  He enjoys sushi way more than I do.  He thought the yellowfish and the salmon was great.  Their 3 rolls for $10 deal is great and definitely worth it.  Free delivery, can't beat that.  
We usually order from Miso on 40th St.  In my opinion, and my boyfriend's, they are hit or miss.  
I'll be ordering from here again.Edit: Keeping the three start review but amending it: it's cheap sushi and gets the job done in satisfying cravings, but the rolls can be small in the roll combos (obviously for a reason but I get it). Stars deducted from total of 5 for the portion sizes and time of delivery. It's still a very good deal and would still recommend. 
I've ordered from Machi countless times in the past, each time with my order coming very quickly (even half the estimated time and arriving in half an hour during lunch time!) but this time it took over an hour for my food to come and I was really disappointed considering how I've never been let down before. 
I would've given more stars, but my experience tonight just let me down, to be honest.Our go-to casual sushi takeout spot in Center City. Much better than Vic in my opinion, since those two are the ones we usually have to choose between in our area. 
It's casual takeout sushi, not fancy morimoto omakase. Think five guys or shake shack of sushi. Usually end up getting the three roll special, which was a much better deal before they started charging extra for the spider roll. 
They occasionally lose our order, but they've probably messed that up maybe twice in about fifty orders. When they do, they put in extra effort to get your order ready in five minutes.
Glad it's in the neighborhood.Been here once with a Groupon and was pretty happy with the sushi. They have one table outside for seating and inside is small, with seating at the sushi counter and 2 tables against the wall. The ambiance is nice, very dark and there isn't much room so we were near the phone and cash register. The music was top 10 radio. It was a Sunday night but they were still pretty busy. Lots of people calling and coming in ordering takeout. There were usually around 3 other pairs eating while we were there.
Order the sexy city roll which I thought was delicious and very filling! The eel combo had large pieces of eel and adequate eel sauce. Loved it. Would definitely order this again if I came back. The Fuji Roll was not so impressive, I guess I was done with eel after the combo. The miso soup was very good, the seafood soup was ok. Food came out very quickly. 
Service was good. They were understanding when we requested to sit outside then asked to move back inside in case it started to rain. Cleaned our dishes quickly, refilled our water and brought the check out in adequate time. Would come here again for sushi.I generally do not eat raw fish and this place has so many other good Japanese options including veg. I love the dynamite rolls, sweet potato rolls, veg dumplings, gyoza, mango salad and more. It's very small so I often order and pick up. I recommend it.Horrible. Food this bad makes one wonder how you can stay in business in Philadelphia. We got a chicken and a pork dish. We could not detect which one was which from the bad taste and indistinguishable look... Over breaded, and bad.Very uninspired sushi.. Rice is not very good, fish is very mediocre quality. I watched my green tea be poured out of a take out quart size soup container right after they microwaved it. The edamame was definitely frozen edamame cooked in a microwave. 
For the price point it's great if you're on a budget. If you're a sushi lover, don't do it.I liked this place! Ordered on grubhub at about 9:30 pm and they close at 10. I got the three roll special- Spicy Tuna, Eel Avocado, and Alaskan Roll. Plus a side salad and a Yellowtail Scallion Roll. What can I say, I love sushi.
They came quickly and the salad was big with lots of dressing on the side.
My only complaint is that there was no cucumber in my spicy tuna or alaskan roll. maybe they were out?  The tempura flakes in the spicy tuna made up for it though.
So is this the same owner as Yamaki? I loved that place too.Whenever I have a crazy for sushi, I always order for delivery from here. I found out about this place from a friend and ordered sushi, because it's rare finding a sushi place that delivers in the Drexel/UPenn area.
I love their avocado salad, and I usually always get the 3 roll combination since it's cheaper, where you can get 3 rolls for only $12. I usually always get shrimp tempura, avocado roll, and futomaki. I definitely recommend this place.I'm surprisingly impressed by the food here! It's a small quaint place but with tasteful decorations and polite wait staff. We were the only customers so we were attended on quickly and the food was definitely quality. Ordered the sashimi combo for two, definitely try it out if you get the chance!service was phenomenal and my sushi order was ready in about 5 minutes, haven't tried the actual food yet but i am excited and would recommend this tiny sushi bar to anyone in rittenhouseYUMMY.
My new favorite sushi place!
The prices are decent, the sushi is fresh, and the delivery is fast.
I've had both delivery as well as eat in before and I'm delighted to say that the place is very cutely decorated.  The delivery was very fast and they packaged it so that my sushi stays pretty looking and  fresh so that I can instagram it and make everyone jealous. 
Would definitely recommend this place if you're in the city!Great sashimi, great dumplings and great spring rolls, I even started eating the garnishes on our plates. We will def be back and will def recommend to any of our friends that travel to philly from New York!!!!Noooope. 
I was a frequent customer of Machi for their $7.95/2 roll special until this Wednesday. 
You know that awful crunch sound your teeth make when you bite into something inedible? A grain of sand, a piece of glass, a...rock. That's the noise I heard coming from Jaime's mouth after biting into her spicy tuna roll. 
My tuna cucumber roll was gray in color. I ate two bites and left the rest (after waiting for another roll, as the server originally brought me the wrong one).
The salad was unnaturally cold and the cucumber was soggy. Tomato was, well, refrigerated. You know what that's like.We stopped in here for quick sushi lunch craving.  First of all, I ordered the kani salad and was given mainly cucumber with barely any crab meat in there. Basically ordered the general common rolls, which were decent for a small sushi bar, I'm not asking for too much.I had the sashimi appetizer, the shrimp shumai, and the miso soup for delivery.  
     -The food came 20 minutes after the hour they said it would take.
     -The sashimi appetizer (8 pieces) was 4 pieces imitation crab meat and 2 pieces shrimp, which was a little disappointing. 
     -The fish I actually got was very good
     -The shumai and soup were standard.This place is tiny; cozy, quaint, small really any adjective whatsoever that conveys the large volume of charm packed into suck a minor space would be appropriate. I counted maybe 15 chairs including the actual sushi bar itself. Its little but not claustrophobic. The decor is essentially 'night club on the starship enterpise', the tables are thick glass atop a soft white surface, same for the bar except under it there is light emanating and transitioning slowly from red then blue then green. Chairs are high-backed and extend to the floor. Think black & white/brushed aluminum..
The food is very good, the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is due to my own lack of familiarity with sushi. We ordered the Sexy City Roll, apparently a fan favorite, and eel, salmon, and tilapia sushimi. The fish was fresh and delicious, though I have had more flavorful eel ( i like it fishy). As for the roll, typically I don't go for avocado on a my rolls (seems too pedestrian) but this Sexy City dis-confirmed my prejudice as the avocado was a perfect compliment to the eel sauce, which itself blended well with the spicy salmon and crab. Um. could have been spicier, I guess.
I did a groupon, otherwise the prices are Rittenhouse Square-competitive 
BYOB + first/second date = winWay too underrated compared to vics. Has the same 3 roll special, tuna dumplings and byo status vics has but with more sitting space. The sushi taste the same if not better than nearby sushi bars, with added bonus of salmon or tuna with avocado rolls.Excellent customer service! I ordered the three roll special from here, but I used my own spicy mayo that I had bought. It turns out the spicy mayo had gone bad, but I thought the fish had gone bad, so I called to tell them, and they were nice enough to send me another roll. This was despite the fact that the fish was perfectly good, and it was completely my fault for leaving the spicy mayo out at home. They were very nice about the whole ordeal, and I would love to order from there again.This sushi is amazing! Really enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching them make their sushiLove Machi Sushi! Great 3 roll deals and the Phoenix Roll is my favorite. Highly recommend.This has become my usual sushi place in Philly. For the price, I think it is unbeatable. I'm particularly fond of the three roll special and the peppered salmon appetizer. The special rolls have too much going on taste wise, and so if I'm ordering rolls I generally stick to the basic rolls (try them as a hand roll!) The sashimi special is also excellent. The overall quality here is slightly variable (sometimes just good rather than excellent) which is why I'm giving it 4 stars rather than 5, but the price is always excellent and I've never been disappointed. Service is very fast and it is BYOB.Excellent customer service! I messed up my order through the Eat24 app, and without hesitation they offered to replace the items I mistakenly ordered with the ones that I wanted. Also, I was parked out front, so waited in my car, and they even brought the food out to my car when it was ready. Very good prices for good takeout sushi.I am a HUGE sushi fan. Living in Philly there are so many choices and my favorite go-to place went out of business about a year ago. This place is right around the corner from my house so I grabbed a menu when I was walking home. I ordered 4 rolls (Rittenhouse, Fantasy, Sunrise and Salmon Skin) and the Goyza....DELICIOUS! Delivery was super fast, the price is extremely reasonable  and the food was everything I want in perfect sushi. I cannot wait to order from here again.One of my go-to sushi places. Quality options for good prices. Fast delivery. Go for the 3 roll special.Stopped in today for lunch at 12:15 - The boyfriend and I were the only people in there, so the service was super quick :-)  The lunch special was a great price - about $8 for miso soup or house salad and any 2 regular rolls.  I had the soup, an inari roll, and an avocado roll.  The soup was good (not the best miso soup I've had, but it was good).   The inari roll was also good, but the avocado roll was excellent :-)  My boyfriend got 3 rolls, one of which was the fried sweet potato roll - it was awesome!
Good sushi, great service, cheap prices.  Can't beat it for lunch!Major improvement over the previous Yamaki sushi bar at this location, which was just awful. I've had lunch at Machi several times and found the sushi quite good for the price, particularly enjoyed the Spider Roll. Warmer, friendlier atmosphere and great for a fast sushi lunch in the area. No, it's not cutting edge or gourmet sushi, but it all tastes fresh.HIGHLY ADVISE TO STAY AWAY
I ordered takeout from Machi 3 weeks ago and sat at the bar while the sushi was being made.  While I was sitting, one sushi chef went to the back and I heard a strange noise.  I didn't know what it was, but the next time he went to the back I could clearly tell that he was THROWING UP!
I asked the chef if he was feeling ok, and he said he feels fine.  I then told the manager that I was not going to eat the sushi because the chef was throwing up while he was making the food.
The manager confirmed with the chef that the chef indeed was sick, and the manager said that they would make the sushi again.
The manager seemed upset that I was not going to eat the sushi they made, had the sick chef continue to work.  I walked out and will never eat here again - I'd recommend you do the same.I have been to dozens of sushi places in Philly looking for my regular spot and have finally found it. The prices here are very reasonable and the sushi is fresher than all the other places in this price range. I absolutely love that they have a three SPECIAL roll deal. Everywhere else only does the three boring roll deal with no frills. I will be coming back here again and again!Came in town for work and was being lazy and just ordered a place that delivered to my hotel. I wasn't expecting anything spectacular and was pleasantly surprised!!!! The sushi was sooo good. I recommend the Hawaii roll and the Love roll, though I'm sure everything else is also good. Service was also very quick. Less than 30 minutesAs a college student it's hard to enjoy good food at affordable prices. Machi Sushi is a great find for me and my friends. I think it's nice and affordable. The sushi is amazing with the 3 roll special. I think the most delicious roll I had today was the spicy tuna. It was like a tuna tartar in my mouth. It was as close to melt in your mouth as you'll get. They sushi chefs were very friendly too. Overall a great spot for casual dining or a date. Also Yogurino is right down the street on the corner so for dessert there you go.Great food, great service, very small place, but the quality is reasonable. Speed is ok for the price, I like how we can see all the sushi chef making their food.  Nothing more to say about the restaurant, the atmosphere is ok.Hate giving bad reviews and this is only the second I left but had to do it. Waited 2+ hours on a Sunday night and still no sign of delivery.
I called the place back to ask the status (hour and a half after I ordered). Was told they were so busy (placed the order at 8:30 on a Sunday night) that the driver was backed up. I was told that it would be here in 10 minutes. 20 minutes after that phone call, still waiting here. I ordered the three roll combo with an app so this isn't a hard ask to get to a place that's only a mile away.
The lady on the phone said call in and get 20% off next time (I guess I have to get lucky that they remember me?). Not going to happen. 
PSA to all restaurants; if you have an unreasonably long wait time, be honest up front. I won't be ordering from this place again.I'm very picky about where I purchase sushi, but since my go-to sushi place was closed on Sunday, my husband and I walked a bit further down the block to discover Machi Sushi.  It did not disappoint.  
They have a deal where you can get 3 rolls for $10.95 (or around that).  They are your basic rolls, but that's exactly the type of sushi I like.  I got the Philly, California and Spider roll.  All were delicious.  
The staff was super friendly and the prices for other items were on par with most small sushi restaurants I've seen.  The place itself is small, but clean.  I'll definitely be back in the future, even if my go-to place is open!The prices are hard to beat and the 3 roll special was enticing. That said, when I ordered delivery, it took a little under an hour and a half to arrive (I got a text saying that my delivery time had been pushed back), and the sushi did not look professionally done. There was a fish bone in my salmon and avocado roll, and some pieces had nearly all avocado and no fish, and some were the opposite. The rice was also sparsely pressed on in parts and flaked off of the nori as I was picking the pieces up. 
I'm pretty disappointed with the presentation. The quality of the fish was not bad, but the bone in the roll really ruined the experience for me. I really wish this had been a better experience because Machi is one of the few sushi places on Grubhub that is closer to my price bracket.I was very sad to see Yamaki go (and without warning!) because the staff was so nice, but it was easy to transition to Machi as my go-to neighborhood sushi joint. You really can't beat the three-roll special for $10, which includes the spider roll. Another plus is my order is always ready in 10 minutes. The new decor is a plus as well, but it's pretty small for dine-in.Machi is the place I return to again and again for takeout sushi.  The fish is fresh, the presentation is lovely, the staff is super friendly, and their three regular roll special makes both my stomach and wallet quite happy.  A sushi review without a haiku--never!!
Wrapped and rolled goodness
Bathed in soy sauce, wasabi
Chopsticks or fingersThe worst possible thing for a sushi bar to have is unfresh fish - and that is exactly what we were delivered.
Timing: 
With the order placed at 6pm, the food didn't arrive until 7:20 - 40 minutes past the advertised 6:40PM time. My thought - as long as the food is good, I don't mind waiting  a little longer.
Sushi:
Altogether, we ordered the eel & avocado, salmon, white tuna, salmon & avocado, pepper tuna and the futomaki rolls. 
Strike #1: The rolls are advertised as 8 pieces each - three of the rolls only had 6 pieces. 
Strike #2: First bite into the eel & avocado, the eel was mushy and not fresh, with the rice hard and stale. The avocado had a bitter taste as well. 
Strike #3: The salmon tasted a bit fishy and seemed not fresh. 
Strike #4: My white tuna had such a horrible and fishy taste to it that I threw the rest out. 
I am so disappointed as it was supposed to be a nice study break and tasty treat. Instead, I am spending my night making lots of trips to the bathroom right before my final. The pictures looked so great on Yelp - especially the plates in the restaurant. Too bad I will never again frequent this restaurant to save my stomach.Room temperature, gooey, off-color, off-tasting sushi. Maybe they think Americans don't know any better?Can't say I can review their sushi, as it never arrived! 
Ordered from GrubHub, and received the "your order will arrive in 30 minutes message." An hour later, no sushi. Called grubhub, who contacted the restaurant and confirmed the driver had left 10 minutes ago. Yet no sushi arrived. 
If this was a review for GrubHub, they'd get 5 stars for excellent customer service (refunded and gave me credit). But as for the Machi Sushi... Their undelivered sushi gets 1 star.We ordered the 3 rolls special deal at the restaurant. The staff are very nice, the sushi rolls are nothing authentic, eg. mango is not a typical ingredient for Japanese cuisine. But worth a try and we were happy! We had the new machi rolls, tropical and one other that escapes my mind now. One other thing, the soy sauce is not sushi soy sauce! Worth trying if you are craving for non authentic Japanese food!3 large rolls of sushi for $13?!? Can't beat that! 
Great cheap place to go with a few friends for a good time. BYO.This is pretty lousy sushi. The rolls hardly had any fish in them and nothing tasted particularly fresh or tasty. We also had to wait 65 minutes for delivery. Save your money and go anywhere else. Ps. When they say crab they mean surimi.I ordered sushi here on Grubhub Sunday night.  My first complaint is that it took over an hour and 15 minutes for my order to arrive.  Even after I called the restaurant just to double check that they had received my order and was assured that the driver was on his way, I waited about 20 more minutes.
By this point I was starving and very excited for my food, and it was only ok.  A bunch of the rolls had started to fall apart (it looked like the container had been tipped on its side at some point).  The spicy tuna had a little fish and a lot of spicy mayo.  Nothing was terrible, just underwhelming, although their prices are very reasonable.
I'd be willing to try it again to see if this time was a fluke, but probably NOT delivery.Eh. I'm shocked this place got as many stars as it did. I ordered lunch from here (3 roll special)and I'm glad i played it safe with the shrimp tempura and avocado rolls. The rolls were teeny tiny and barely had anything in them. Even for the average price of $11 for 3 rolls, I was still hungry after.As good as it gets for the price. $11.95 for three rolls for dinner and the same for price for lunch PLUS a salad or miso soup. The roll choices for the special deal aren't over limiting with choices from spicy tuna, california, sweet potato, salmon, SPIDER (soft shell crab), and a couple more! Very very small location with maybe 4 tables and bar seatings so I would always call ahead!I absolutely need to give this place a buncha LOVE!  
Pro Highlights: delicious sushi on the cheap; the 3-roll special; super sweet staff; to-go (I'm-too-full-to-finish-all-my-sushi/edamame) packaging; anything with their tempura shrimp in it (*drools a lil*..mmm :)
If-I-Have-To-Find-Fault-In-Something Cons: this is really minimal (really), but it was a little warm in there (it was mid-April, and definitely more comfy outside than in).  Also, hearing the microwave *ding* was clearly how a soup or edamame was heated up - everything was delicious & I totally don't really care - but maybe kill the sound on the microwave to keep it on the DL..shhh..
Details:  
So this place used to be 'Yamaki Sushi' which was 'meh' on atmosphere, but the staff was nice, the service was quick (for a take-out lunch), and their food was tasty, so it was fine in my book.  The Tempura Shrimp roll was utter 'crack' to me..I'd have dreams about it and (even if I was in the midst of low-carb-diet-stoopidness) would need to break down and get that for lunch.  Everything Pro has maintained in Machi Sushi!
But WOW!..What a nice surprise!..I was bringing a few friends to what I thought was going to be the 'meh' atmosphere Yamaki Sushi for a bite to eat before we saw a show, walked up and saw the new sign and decor - again, WOW!..it looked beautiful - new stylish decor, seating, layout (it's small, but has a pleasant comfortableness).
There were 4 of us, we all got different rolls (the 3-roll special is just the most wonderful idea - cheers for this offering) & sides, and everything had a picturesque presentation, the server was so so sweet, wrangled our bottles of wine, and kept our table clear of those in-the-way empty dishes, but wasn't clingy & *ahem* "overly-helpful" even though we were the only ones in there at the time.
I got two of my three rolls as the shrimp tempura roll..would it be silly to get all three as shrimp tempura?..nah, I think not - it's that delicious.  To have a brief shrimp-tempura-moment, Machi doesn't leave all the un-edible shrimp bits that are a pain in the arse to eat and/or dig out of your mouth & teeth. No crunchy shrimp tail garbage, no weird, awkwardly large pices to eat that are.."decorative"..just tasty shrimpy shrimp & rice &..was that cucumber?..I dunno..I was focused on shrimp. Yum!
We were served at a good pace, and because you can actually get full on the 3-roll deal (especially if you have a side or two), me and the boyfriend had left-overs, which the super sweet server packed up with such care, it really made an impression.  You know how a left-overs take-out bag is usually just 'stuff' tossed in containers randomly?..well ours was packed with care, included chopsticks, extra ginger & a small container of soy sauce - well schucks! That probably cost a few extra pennies, but was really nice & a definite extra reason why I absolutely (& have) recommend this place!  
Go here, eat, smile, and support this lovely establishment!What a great little find. Walking around the Rittenhouse Square area and came upon Machi. There were only 6 of us in the restaurant but they had a huge takeout business going which slowed service down a bit but when the sushi arrives it was well worth it. Fish was delicious and even the miso soup was good. Wish we lived close by as this would be our "go to" sushi joint.So apparently the former Yamaki Sushi has rebranded itself as Machi Sushi? Either way, with a grand opening promotion of 15% off your entire order I wasn't going to question the change, just take advantage while I can!
We were coming back to Philly after a weekend in NYC visiting my family, and because our bus was scheduled to arrive right at the time we would be hungry for dinner I used my laptop and Bolt Bus' free wifi to place an order for pickup via Machi's handy online ordering system. We LOVE sushi, so I didn't skimp on our order and got the following:
Dynamite Appetizer (crab stick, white fish, scallop, masago, scallion, topped with seaweed salad, masago and eel sauce): We weren't sure what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised. The menu says crab meat, but really it's crab stick, and all the ingredients were mixed together in a spicy sauce to create a rather tasty appetizer.
Spicy Yellowtail roll: 8 pieces, a classic roll that they didn't f-up
Ritterhouse Roll (fresh salmon, 2 pieces of crab stick and scallion inside the roll, topped with tuna and sliced avocodo): Again, where the menu says crab meat, they really mean crab stick. They ought to edit that asap. And probably the name, too, I imagine they mean "Rittenhouse." Either way, 8 pieces of yummy sushi.
Halloween Roll (spicy scallop, avocado, crunch inside, tuna and salmon on top. served with hot chili sauce, eel sauce, red tobiko ond black tobiko): Our favorite roll - then again, we're suckers for spicy scallop, me in particular. A must order - seriously, you won't regret it.
Tropical Roll (salmon, asparagus, avocado, and fresh mango on top): Delicious as well.
Our order was ready right when we arrived to pick it up, and we were pleased with the changes they made to the interior decoration - it looks much nicer and more upscale than before, so hopefully it'll be a more popular place than I guess Yamaki was.
Overall, fish tasted fresh and the rolls were put together quite well - a pity that I'm allergic to shrimp and lobster since most of their special rolls have one of those ingredients in them *sigh* but it seems like all of their rolls have 8 pieces, which is quite generous for the regular rolls. We had alot of food (more since I made edamame at home too), but that turned out to be a good thing considering how hungry my bf was. We'll keep taking advantage of their promotional deal, but agreed that once it's over we'll mostly go to Jay's Favorite Sushi since their quality is just slightly better, their roll pieces slightly bigger, oh, and they have more special rolls that DON'T have shrimp in them.I've been trying out the various sushi places in the area, and was pleasantly surprised by my first visit to Machi. They have a great 3-roll special and did not skimp on the fish. All of the ingredients were fresh. 
The place is small, but clean (about the same size as Vic's Sushi, but cleaner looking). 
FYI, I was a little bit nervous after I put my order in because I started reading the more recent negative reviews, but really glad I gave it a chance.Hard pass here. Crazy small sushi pieces-like ridiculously small. There was barely any filling! My avocado roll was essentially brown, sweet potato roll was basically just tempura with no potato and drenched in eel sauce so all the pieces were weirdly wet and just tasted like the sauce, and the ginger was super off putting (looked and tasted old). Definitely will not be ordering from here again! Sorry Machi!Super fast delivery. My street was actually blocked off by workers during my delivery and the man was running down the street to deliver my food. Great service and great sushi! Will order again!I got the 3 roll special for take out pretty late on a Friday night.  I didn't have to wait very long which was nice, and the rolls were really good.  Definitely liked their Alaska better than Tsuki, but Tsuki wins as far as the spicy tuna goes, as well as the size.  I thought these rolls were a lot smaller than both Vic's and Tsuki.  I'll probably be back, but it doesn't stand out to me compared to the other Sushi spots in the area.VIC was close so I tried them out .
Can't even compare ,Sushi was tasteless.
Couldn't eat more than 1 roll out of 3 and I was starving .Got 2 takeout rolls here: the sexy girl and the walnut roll.  The sexy girl was okay, kinda on-par with Sushi Palace's tiger roll.  It wasn't amazing but it was satisfying with a good balance of mango, shrimp tempura, rice, and spicy kani (not real crab!).  The walnut roll had basically every kind of sushi fish along with scallion, roe, the spicy and eel sauces, and shrimp tempura.  It was almost a flavor overload for 1 roll.  I guess if you want to cram as much as possible into 1 bite, then this is your roll.  Me?  I'll probably stick to the less complicated varieties.  The fish was pretty fresh though.  It was about $25 for both, with the 15% discount.  The special rolls are from $10-14, and the regular rolls are ~ $4-5, so the prices are fair.  I ordered online and my food was ready for pickup in less than 20 min and neatly packed with utensils and extra ginger (per request).New owners and new menu items and it is all still fantastic! The staff is nice, helpful and very attentive. They are very nice to my very demanding mother and they are careful with her dietary issues. Machi is still my go-to sushi spot and I probably eat here more often than any other restaurant in Center City.I ordered Machi for delivery tonight - the rolls were ok (the three roll special is a good deal even if the pieces are small) but I had some serious issues with the service. When the delivery driver showed up he handed me my food and asked me if he could have "one more dollar" for his tip (on top of the 15% I already put on my card). I've never had anyone outright ask me for cash and was a little appalled. I gave him a dollar anyway, then when I went inside and opened the bag, it turned out that the green salad I had ordered was missing. 
Delivery drivers that ask for cash and half my order missing? I won't be ordering from here again.