Been going here for years. Only for beer for the longest time because the food used to be so-so but its gotten much better over the years and nowadays they've become by go-to wings spot. The workers and owner have always been friendly and I've gotten good beer suggestions in the past. I enjoy the beer selection and this is my go-to place in the neighborhood if I want a six pack. The pizza is decent, nothing to write home about but certainly eatable.
Their chicken wings are very good, BBQ flavor is my favorite. I recommend their wings.
The chicken sliders are also something I get often and they have a lot of options for toppings on those. Get 'em with honey mustard :)
I am a really big honey mustard guy, I can eat in on everything the light-tan colored honey mustard they serve here (and in a few other places) is my absolute favorite so I like being to go in there and have that. Any place that has that kind of honest mustard automatically goes up several notches in my book.I absolutely love this place.  They have an amazing selection of beer, their pizza and wings are to die for, and their Buffalo Chicken Stromboli is my favorite.  I highly recommend this place if you are in the University City District of Philadelphia.This is THE BEST pizza joint in the Drexel area, hands down.
If you're not a fan of the Philly-style pizza-- that floppy, greasy shit they bake on cardboard with a bag of welfare mozzarella-- then you'll fall in love with Mad Greeks' at first bite. Their crust is thick, crispy, and gets just the right balance of cheese, so that it's not too greasy. If you order toppings, they tend to be plentiful. The strombolis are RIDICULOUS and HUGE.  A small can easily feed two people. Go for the Buffalo Chicken (buffalo, chicken, bleu/feta? cheese) or the Special (cheesesteak beef, cheese, onions, peppers, sauce). Their Greek Salad is actually really great, too-- order it as part of the Chicken Soulvlaki Platter. While not "authentically Greek," its really freaking good, and real filling for the $7 or $8 it costs. The Itallian Hoagie/Grinder with everything is another safe bet. Finally, unlike most other users, I love their fries. They're super crispy and have lots of pepper.
James, the owner, stocks much more than just the American shit-brews you'd expect to find at a college six-pack. Across from the Bud Select and Bud Ice dueces and Yeungling pounders, you'll find a whos-who of area craft brew six-packs that rotate along with the seasons. James has a great palate for beer and can help you find something you'll love.
Make sure you chat it up with James when you're there. He's a "real" guy that lives in the neighborhood and really advocates for the Drexel crowd. His front-end staff is a mix of Drexel Greeks (as in, Greek Life) and students, while the shy kitchen staff looks as if they'd know nothing about good pizza or food in general. They're all extremely pleasant whether its just you and your friends grabbing lunch or if the place is packed.
There is no other take-out in West Philly: Mad Greeks IS it.I'd feel insincere giving 5 stars because I only went for the beer.  We're house sitting in Powelton Village, and I wanted a couple brewskis to go.  I saw this place on Yelp, set my sights low, and took a walk.  I was delighted by the selection.  It's not like the Foodery or Hawthorne's, but for a pizza shop, they had a lot to offer.  I stuck with what I know and ended up with a 4-pack including Oak Aged Arrogant Bastard, Philly Pale Ale, Sierra Nevada Torpedo, and Bell's Two Hearted.My favorite bottle shop and take out food place in University City!  The owner is an awesome guy. He makes great beer recommendations and always has the best stock.You would certainly be hard pressed to find another joint like Mad Greek's Pizza on this side of the river.  Owner James takes pride in his restaurant, and it certainly shows up in the food and in the quality of the staff.
With one of the most expansive selections of craft beers in the area, Mad Greek's is a destination for many a soul in search of the next great cold one.  From your typical commercial brews to some of most exclusive craft selections, James has brought it all under one roof.  I'm not kidding - he has at least 6 full size fridges stocked with what I assume to be over 100-200 different selections, and he knows (or has tasted) almost all of them.  Combine this with his uncanny ability to select the right one for you, based on a few questions, and you're set.
Forget the beer - let's talk about the food.  The strombolis are gigantic, the buffalo chicken pizza is great, and the wings are amazing (Insider tip: try the wings with a hot/barbeque sauce mix - wow).  Another staple part of my diet is the grilled chicken pita w/ lettuce, tomatoes, and honey mustard.  Who ever knew that something so healthy could taste so good?
Another important "must-try" - get something with the jalapenos.  They use fresh jalapenos that have never been subjected to the vinegar treatment, making them one of the spiciest things in the area, much comparable in heat level to Samir's famous (and deadly) Dragon Sauce next door at Ed's Buffalo Wings and Pizza, another great joint.
All in all, a great joint that clearly is indicative of the pride that the owner has in his place, and one of the UC "Must-Visit" locations.Excellent Beer selection. If I wanted good pizza I should have kept on walking by. ugh The pizza tastes EXACTLY like Ted's down the street, not a good thing. I asked for fresh mushrooms and got slimy yellow canned mushrooms. When my fiance went up front to point out that the mushrooms were definitely not what we wanted and obviously came for a can, there was no apologies for the misleading information the cashier gave when we ordered. A fresh mushroom is one that has never spent time in a can... and if you like em fresh you cannot be fooled. I heard the other food here is good but I may not take the time to find outIt is what it is. Pizza, wings, take-out beer. That's about it. The pizza is average for a pizza joint, however the wings are really, really good. 
They have nice sized flat screens TV's in the place, so if you are there by yourself, you don't have to stare at a wall, or pretend to read City Paper or Philly Weekly.The greek style pizza is insanely addictive and delicious. It's really simple, but has a surprising amount of savory flavor to it. A go-to whenever ordering pizza for me.Beer, free small pizza on thursdays. love it.Love their pizza and they're pretty nice. I order from here pretty often and I can't say anything bad about them or their pizzaHands down the best, and widest, selection of beers in West Philadelphia. The quesadillas are to die for, and so are the wraps. Greek's is by far the best place on Lancaster Ave. to stop in for a beer and a quick bite, and easily has the most knowledgeable staff when it comes to beer. All it takes for the owner James to pick a great beer for your palate is the type of beer you prefer (stouts, IPAs, porters, etc...) and a beer in that style that you have liked in the past, his abilities are truly uncanny. The prices are all very reasonable and the counter and kitchen staff are incredibly friendly and treat you as if they have known you for years. Very few places make me feel as if I can visit by myself and have a non-lonely experience, but Greek's is one of them. 
If you ever find yourself on this side of Lancaster Avenue Greek's is a must!The best pizza on Lancaster! They have a great Fri-Sun special- $10 for a large cheese pizza and a 2 liter. The owner is the friendliest, and they always offer us cups for soda and plates for pizza when we eat there. Skip the other pizza places on Lancaster and go here instead!I was pleasantly surprised by my serendipitous visit to Mad Greek. My friend and I went in for the sole purpose of buying some good takeout beer to bring to a friend's house--we read on Yelp that they had a very good selection here. I have to admit that I was skeptical upon seeing the fairly austere store front with a sign that looks like it came from Ancient Greece. But my fears were allayed as soon as I saw the beer selection. 
They had everything from 750ml bottles of Belgian ales through loose bottles from a wide array of microbreweries that you could mix and match. It made my day to see that they had the Rogue Captain Sig (if you're a Deadliest Catch nerd too, I suggest you check it out). 
But the best part of the experience was definitely checkout.  There was a young fellow behind the counter, who had a kind of proprietary air about him (so perhaps he's the owner), who looked at what we were purchasing and discussed each selection with us ("Ah, the Captain Sig--this has to be one of the most underrated beers we have. It's a smooth red ale..."). This guy knew his stuff, and was unbelievably pleasant. 
I would totally come back here to try the food next time, in addition to getting some good beer to go.I had the gyro platter and was exceedingly impressed with the flavor and freshness of the food. The delivery arrived very quickly.I sure hope the food is good!  I'm visiting from out of town and ordered menu items that qualified fir a discount when I brought it to the cashiers attention he replied I already wrung it up!  It gets worse I offered a solution of a bottled water in exchange it was .30 difference he had the nerve to say ok I'll add the .30 to the tip.   So he was ok adjusting the bill in his favor but it was out of the question in my favor.  If I wasn't so tired hungry and jet lagged I would've canceled the order. His interpersonal skill set lacks the customer service componentOrdered delivery from here last night. I don't know philly pizza very well but we had the white pizza ( fresh spinach, broccoli, & sliced tomato). And it was good- verrrry filling. The delivery guy said it would arrive within 30 minutes and it came in 60....and it needed to be reheated. So, I give it three starsMy rating is on drinks selection and service. This is a place you go to when you're in college with a few buddies. Beer is more pricey then it should be (7%~ on some selections).Stopped here with a buddy of mine during our first visit to University City.  We didn't know the area at all and as luck would have it, stumbled across this place. We had the Philly Cheese Steak Pizza which was a really solid bite. FYI:  They also have a wide variety of beers to select from!This place is such a pleasant surprise.  I've never had their pizza, but they make great hoagies and sandwiches at a reasonable price.  And they have a pretty amazing beer selection.Good late night fare. After reading a few reviews decided to give it a whirl and it met my expectations. Quantity of food vs price was great and the food was good. Hours of business are convenient for the late night crowd and also a plus is the beer selection.Great beer selection and they have cider as well for those of us who can't or don't want to drink beer. James the owner is nice, although his mom can be a little scary at times. I recommend the Mexican food on the menu, like the quesadilla, as the cooks are all Hispanic. For pizza there are probably better places, but Mad Greeks is good if you want your beer and food in the same place for a good price.Mad Greeks was a great place.  Their food was all very good - although, surprisingly for a place with "Pizza" in it's name, the pizza was the one menu item that was underwhelming.  However, just about everything else on the menu is very good.
On top of that, they sell beer.  Curious that a college area has only one or two places that sells beer, but Mad Greeks is one of them.  Whether you're in the mood to get hammered off of $1 BIPs (Bud Ice Pounders - ps we used the term "BIPs" in place of "dollars" long before Wendy's stole the idea for a marketing campaign about their dollar menu), or try a wide selection of microbrews, Mad Greeks has it.
The owner, James, is the man.  He's pretty much always there, chat it up with him next time you're there.Mad Greek is an okay spot. They have decent pizza. Their apps are decent too. I like their wings. The strombolis  are good, and they are huge. Not like what I am used to getting. They are like the calzones of strombolis. Huge. If it's convenient, or your stuck with West Philly options like me, and want a pizza joint that delivers, Mad Greek is worth a shot. But don't go out of your way for it.I'm torn. On one  hand, I really don't think that much about the pizza. It's ok at best, with a rather nice crust, but I really didn't get much from the sauce or cheese. Not as bad as Drexel Pizza, but not much to write home about.
The same cannot be said for their beer selection, staked out in West Philly, right off the Drexel campus, and in an area where getting transportable quantities of high end beer is nigh impossible. In fact, this may be the first place I've seen in the entire state that sells single bottles of Brooklyn Ale, along with bottles of Southern Tier which make me ache for home and an absence of the pointless, outdated and mystifying Pennsylvania beer distribution laws. This, more than anything, makes them a must stop for students with burgeoning tastes in beer.Most underrated cheesesteaks in all l of Philadelphia.  Ask for a regular,  or even better - chicken cheesesteak with everything and you'll see what I mean. Get the chicken cheesesteak and a beer and you will be happy happy happy. I'm in the bay area now and this is the man-food I dream about.  
What prompted this review was a tasteless cheesesteak I had here..  Man I miss Philadelphia!!Delivery was pretty quick.
 I ordered the cheese steak expecting it to be larger than it was. Very small compared to others that I have had.Great takeout. Pizza and burgers are to die for- and sides/apps are all tasty delicious greasy goodness. Miss this place now that I've moved away!I'd like to say that Mad Greek is WAY underrated. Competing with two other popular pizza spots next door, it often gets overshadowed, but I still don't understand why. Their pizza is incomparable to anyone else's. When I first discovered this place, 4 years ago, this was the only pizza I ate. The pizza hasn't changed since than at all, and is still just as delicious! Also, it's one of the few places in Philly that actually know what a garlic knot is- i.e. it's not a croissant or a hoagie roll covered with butter and garlic.... The owner is also very friendly and welcoming. They have wonderful service and are very kind people. 
Other than the pizza, I've also had their mozzarella sticks and fries, both of which were scrumptious! Very well done and very consistent as well... Mad Greek never disappoints!I love Mad Greek! The pizza, the cheesesteaks and even the pasta are very good here. The service is friendly and even though the restaurant is kind of small, it's still a nice place to sit with friends and eat. The beer selection is pretty extensive also but I'm always there for the pizza. Don't judge by appearances, just give it a try.Mad Greek' s is my go to place since I live so close. They're the cheapest of the pizza places in the area, and they may even lead quality wise. Buffalo chicken cheese steak is a winner and they make a decent gyro. The pizza is decent, for Philly pizza. I like the white pie. 
I think the beer is kind of overpriced, but they have the market cornered and have some interesting stuff in there usually.*Just here for the beer*
The owner is one of the nicest guys I've met. Last time I was in the store, he helped me pick out a sick pack of really amazing beer. Don't go here if you want some MGD/PBR bullshit. I mean, by all means go here and buy that crappy beer. Leave the good stuff to the people who want it. 
This week I found out the other clerk is leaving to go to culinary school. I will miss that young mans perfect hair and his eagerness to talk beer with me. He recognizes me now as the girl who "won't date someone who drinks Miller Lite." Damn fucking straight.Killer beer selection, really mediocre pizza. But no one goes there for the food. They should really stay open later.After I great Saturday night and a long Sunday sleep in I decided to order out! The price was right at $27 flat for a large cheese pizza 10 wings and a cheesesteak. The pizza was good, the honey BBQ wings were better. Oh! I must have forgot the cheesesteak. This was where the price was too good to be true. The roll was fresh but unfortunately that's all I got. A fresh roll with absolutely no meat. I will give this place another try because delivery was fast and the staff is friendly. I will look elsewhere first.KudoS!!!! Best pizza close to Sheraton Drexel Univ. on Chestnut Street.
Great 8' thin pizza bacon c. burger is top pick. Asked them to cook my wings well done and it was followed to the tee. I believe the owner was John or James who assisted me when I picked up my order. As mentioned by other reviewers, great beer selection. 
Keep up the great product and service. Btw, ordered based on Yelp reviews which was on point.If you are a business you might want to think twice before ordering from here. Delivery person does not take into consideration promptness. I ordered lunch at 11:15 and did not receive my delivery until 1:15. I called the manager and they were not helpful at all.Like this isn't the best pizza I've had ever. It's not fancy. But it is good, it fills you and your soul. It's thin crust but not like brick oven thin crust - and the crust is garlic-y, but not like papa johns or dominos. It's good. It's not expensive, and it's perfect for a week night when you just can't imagine cooking.If you like Greek-style pizza you'll like this pizza.  A bit greasy, tangy crust, and overall pretty good.  One of the few Drexel-area pizza joints that we went to.
Ravioli wasn't great, fries suck (IMO), and I think that's all we ever got besides pizza there.  No complaints about delivery speed.Personally I think that this place does not get the publicity or the hype that it deserves. Although this might also be the reason why there is so much more of a personal connection between the staff and the customers.
I have been regularly going into Mad Greeks for over a year and has informally become the place where we meet up with friends to relax with a beer. Hands down this place has one of the best beer collections I have seen to date and the owner James is one of the finest beer connoisseur in the area. Give him a few examples of beers you prefer and he will pick one off the shelf that just blows your mind. Also free beer on your birthday !! (Woot Woot)
The place is laid back and relaxed with Tim and James always willing to go out of their way to help you out. The food is pretty good but over shadowed by the more advertised stores nearby.  This is not a spot that people would travel across the city for, but for the people in the vicinity this is the go to spot for a relaxed time with friends.I ordered pizza, a chicken cheesesteak and fries. The pizza was very good; traditional Greek style pizza. The fries were soggy, and the chicken cheesesteak was pretty good. This could have been a result of the longer delivery time, but to be fair it was a dinner time order on a Saturday.On Lancaster Avenue, there's no real place that sells half-decent beer except Mad Greek.
Though its name isn't very appealing, Mad Greek has lots of microbrews and imports for respectable prices. You'll only want these to go. The pizza is really drab, but if memory serves, they have a $6 Greek Salad that really made the cut for what it was.I mostly go here for the beer selection, which is pretty extensive. You can get singles, 6-packs, or custom-build your own 6-pack. The food is decent but nothing to write home about. They have some of the better pizza I've had in West Philly, but that's not saying a whole lot. The salsa pizza is worth checking out for vegetarians, or even if you're not. It's unusual in a really good way. One thing that's kind of weird is they are really aggressive about checking ID, even if you're obviously way over 21, but I guess in a college area they simply have to err on the side of caution.New to UC decided to give take-out a try...pleasantly surprised with delicious lamb gyro and classic ham n cheese club washed down with mint chocolate chip milkshake ...yes, it was my cheat meal for the week.Love this place. Awesome beer selection and the buffalo chicken Stromboli is amazing.Ordered a barbecue chicken pizza and corn fritters for delivery. Corn fritters were "out of stock" so I substituted onion rings instead. Simply put, the onion rings were BY FAR the worst I've ever had... ever. Burned, chewy and small portion. The pizza was the definition of average. The crust was dense, not crispy or soft. Seemed like the crust has identity issues... is it thick crust or crispy crust? I'm not sure, somewhere in between perhaps? The chicken was for sure canned chicken and there was little to no barbecue sauce. Cheese was thick and chewy, your cheap pizza standard. I added my own barbecue sauce and it enhanced the pizza to a 5/10. Perhaps my poor experience was because it was delivery. Either way, many better options in the area.Don't order Delivery from here. Their delivery drivers are late and when they finally get there, they keep calling you to come all the way to their car. If you tell them that they are supposed to come to the door, they start arguing with you.
The worse thing is when I called the restaurant to report this, the manager tells me that this is how things work there and the delivery is meant to be picked up from the driver's car. He didn't apologize or show any remorse for his actions. Staying away from a place which doesn't respect customers.Do yourself a favor and don't order delivery from this restaurant. The four star rating fooled me as well!
Jalapeño poppers were alright...but the garlic hot wings were horribleee. I didn't think wings could taste so weird, until now. To be quite honest, it probably wasn't even the flavor that tasted bad (even though the flavor was definitely gross); I give it a one star because of the quality of the chicken was so low. I ate one or two wings and threw my meal out. What a waste. And I'm still starving! Smh..Their wings suck now since they changed the recipe. No longer has the sauce I use to love.I now know why it's call Mad Greek, because after you get your food it gunna make you mad. I hope not all Philadelphia"s  Philly Sandwiches look like this. Yikes and the pizza tasted like chef Boyardeemy kids love it...
Great Pizza, great chicken finger n mozzarella cheese..great owner and customer service.My girlfriend and I frequent this place a lot, as it is close to Drexel campus, and we love it!
The owner, James, is a very personable guy.  The food is delicious, and the prices are reasonable.  You have the option of buying a 6 pack and mixing different drinks just in case you want to try something new, which I think is a great idea.
In addition to the food being delicious, I like the customer service.  I ordered a pizza and they accidentally put bacon on it (I don't eat pork).  While we waited for another pizza to be made, the owner provided us with drinks on the house.
I recommend this place if you're in the area.Mad Greek has basic food at reasonable prices. I've tried a variety of foods & they're all basically okay, ranging from mediocre to solid.
Summary of food (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):
APPETIZERS
***^ sweet corn fritters were solid 
*** mozzarella sticks were standard, not special 
*** cheese & potato pierogies were so-so
**^ coleslaw is mediocre, well-priced for the amount you get
**^ Jalapeno poppers were ok
MAINS
***^ Cheese ravioli had a nice tomato sauce that I enjoyed. Got it with garlic bread  
***Spaghetti & meatballs (beef & pork) were also fine
***Fresh Flounder combo had 1 piece of breaded fried fish & includes cole slaw, small side salad, tartar sauce. Fish was all right
***Stromboli: not bad. Fillings are pretty standard, not bad but not especially great either. I tried spinach pie, sausage, veggie. 
**^Wings were okay, not great
** Veggie wrap was so-so. I would not recommend it or get it again.
**Greek salad was mediocre
**Tuna salad mediocre. I'd not get this againI've found it's very difficult to find good pizza delivery in this area.  I finally found Mad Greeks and this has become my go-to when ordering a Pizza. We ordered a combo with a coupon- $23 for a large cheese pizza, 10 wings and a cheesesteak. The pizza was good. Cheese, sauce and crust were all fresh and great tasting. The wings were also delicious. We got them prepared with a honey bbq sauce. Quite tasty! The cheesesteak was the only let down. The meat was dry and overcooked and there wasn't much of it. Very skimpy. Overall I was satisfied with my meal. I am ordering from here exclusively from now on to satisify my pizza cravings.yanno those nights, or even those afternoons where ya had a long day at work...co-workers are acting like 3rd graders...and all you want is a good beer and a cheesesteak...yeah this is the place to go...and i love talkin about life with the cool asian guy who is a manager there. 
mad greek has every type of specialty beer you ever need. and the food is pretty darn good. if you have any trouble matching beer with the type of food. talk to them! super helpful!My girlfriend and I were very excited to eat here after reading all the great reviews. Sadly, we were both very disappointed. Firstly, our order of two BBQ chicken pizza slices, cheese fries, bacon cheese burger, and cheese steak took more than 15 minutes. Although we did order quite a bit, not many people placed food orders, and at a local joint like this, I expected the food to come out much faster. 
In regards to the food, it was nothing spectacular. The slices of BBQ chicken pizza were large but lacked true BBQ flavor, since they used marinara sauce instead of a BBQ sauce. The burger was especially bland. Our bacon cheeseburger came with hardly any bacon on it, and the patty itself was very dry. The cheese steak too had meat that was dry and tasteless. 
If you're looking for a tasty, quick bite to eat, I suggest you go next door to Ed's instead.