Went here with my parents and my brother after ice skating. Had a wonderful evening. Food was absolutely fantastic. For appetizers, we got the fried mozzarella and the spinach and artichoke dip. Probably the best that I've had in a while. For dinner, I had the fettuccine Alfredo and pomegranate italian soda. Both were yummy. Our server Ashton was awesome and very attentive. Overall, great place to go for a filling dinner. Will definitely return!Best gluten free crab cakes I've ever had!!!! My two children and I have celiac and the staff was so accommodating and knowledgeable of the seriousness of the disease.  You rock Chief Santiago!!!Big fan of Maggiano's.  For me it ranks a little behind Carmine's as far as family style Italian joints go, but its pretty darn good.  Been to this particular location on a few occassions.  One of which was New Years Eve with a party of about a dozen.  Wait staff is great and they replenish the food and drinks rather quickly.  Never had anything I didn't enjoy here.  A little tough to dine with just a party of two because the portions are so large.  I recommend a group of 4 or more and make reservations.  The first time we attempted to dine here a few years ago we were told it was an hour and a half wait.  If you love Italian then I don't think Maggiano's will disappoint you.I came here for the first time last Sunday with a party of 14. My girlfriend and her cousins were taking their grandparents out for a surprise lunch in the city. We were early for our noon reservation, but were seated immediately. We had 2 waiters for our table, and both were very good. No one had to wait at any time through the meal for a refill on their drinks. We ordered everything family style. For appetizers we had the fried calamari, stuffed mushrooms, and Maggianos salad. The calamari was obviously frozen, and had way to much breading. Not impressive. The stuffed mushrooms were very good. The stuffing consisted of breadcrumbs, spinach, and mozzarella. For our entrees we had the chicken parm, 4 cheese ravioli, salmon, and the spinach and chicken manicotti. The chicken parm was dry. There was barely any marinara sauce on top, and it did not come with spaghetti noodles, just the breast on the plate. The salmon had a lemon taste to it, and was not of a high quality. I would not recommend it. The ravioli were tender and had a good taste. The best dish was by far the manicotti. If I returned here, I would get that. For dessert, we had the cheesecake and apples and ice cream. Both were very good, but nothing special. The service was top notch however, all the way through the end of the meal. With all the excellent Italian places in Philly, it is hard to say I would go back here for average food. I will say, that as far as Italian chain restaurants go, this was the best I have been to.Yes its a chain.  You cant really tell its a chain though......
I've been here multiple times in the last few years.  I have always had decent service and thought the food was good to really good.  If you want to try to compare it to the big chains such as Olive Garden and Carrabbas, this place beats them hands down every time.  Better decor, better menu selections, and huge portions of food!
You cant always please everyone.  For me, this is a great place to eat dinner or entertain clients.  Huge good portions of food and the best part is the prices.  Cheap prices for decent food in downtown Philly!  I'm not sure why people that dislike chain restaurants write bad reviews about them?   I don't really like them either, but i give credit where credit is due.  This is a good place.This place is an exact three stars. The food is good, not great, and the service isn't bad, but not as fast and attentive as it could be. This place has a lot of seating and a large menu with something for everyone. With so many cozy little byob's in town with much better food,  I'd say skip Maggiano's and check one of them out instead.What happened to Maggiano's??? Was given a gift card and was excited for a night out. Service was awful, food was really bad. Only high point was the bread. Was hoping for better. Glad the gift card is at $0.Excellent food. I loved the build your own bruschetta. The bread if also very delicious. Will come back.We got a great table on a busy night. I ordered the filet and mashed potatoes. Both were cooked perfectly and was exactly what I was craving. Friendly, attentive service. Great atmosphere. Easily walkable from many of the hotels in City Center. I'm impressed!Excellent Italian restaurant with lots of seating.  Service was excellent, but the food came out so fast (like in 5 minutes!), it was almost too fast.  In fact, the server forgot to bring the salad to my colleague.  That said, I ordered the half plate, per the servers recommendation, and it was still huge.  
Pros:  Excellent food, nice atmosphere, not too noisy, friendly service.
Cons: Food came out almost too fast, especially if you are wanting to socialize a bit. Forgot salad, but didn't charge for it.I have had the opportunity to dine at Maggiano's Philadelphia and Chicago and I find the food to be amazing, not to mention their excellent service! I usually have the calamari as appetizer, chicken Piccata for entrée and a sampler cheesecake for dessert.So disappointing. Shrimp Diablo is supposed to be, well, Diablo, or hot and spicy. My grandmother would have said, "this tomato alfredo is delicious." No spice and when asked, we commented about it. "Out normal customers don't like it very spicy."  then don't order diablo!! 
My "filet and risotto", which I pictured to be a small filet, medium rare, surrounded with risotto, was 7 pinky strips of well done steak (not sure it was filet) on a bed of pasty, overdone risotto. 
Seriously, how have we entered such a Mecca of underwhelming food? Even with his meal comped, our bill was nearly $100 with two drinks. Just say no. Go to the Market. Or Bar-lys. Anywhere but here.This was my first time at a Maggiano's. I was impressed. I had the filet and it was amazing. My server, Allie, was by far one of the best servers I've ever had. I highly recommend!Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory of Italian food. It's a chain, yes, but let's face it, chains are successful for a reason.
Maggiano's is the SAFE authentic Italian restaurant you want to go to when you want a LOT of food, a lot of people, and the look of an old authentic Italian restaurant. 
Even though Philly has many Italian restaurants (Ralphs for example) Maggiano's is high enough on the authenticity meter to keep in your Italian restaurant rotation anyway. As a chain there are few surprises and little if any disappointments, they are the vanilla Italian restaurant but still delivery with huge portions, good prices, and good quality food. You lose a bit of your hipster cred by eating here if you give a damn about that sort of silliness.
Everything I've had here has always been great. Even their plain side-dish spaghetti is still good quality and fresh enough that unless you grew up eating nothing but Italian food and knit-picking how much basil/oregano was thrown on top of half your food you'll be happy here. I also had the chicken parm and thought it was perfect. I've made that dish enough times myself to know they hit it dead on. 
Overall, no regrets and no complaints, would definitely come back.This past Friday armed with a reservation for 7:00 and a gift card, Dining Partner and I took on Maggiano's. We've been here plenty of times, but usually only when we have a gift card or an event held here. The restaurant was very crowded and very loud, as it has been every time we've been here. Our waiter Ryann was friendly and thoguhtful when recommending dishes for us. Dining partner had a side Caesar salad for an appetizer and I had the fried zucchini.  The fried zucchini portion was huge, in fact I ate it for three meals. The dipping sauce for the zucchini was so delicious. When our waiter Ryann recommended some options for entrees, he told us the lighter takes were pretty good. Lighter take is a smaller portion/lower calorie dish than the traditional classics. Dining Partner ate all of his veal marsala (lighter take) and I ate about half of my Fettuccine Alfredo (lighter take) that came with grilled chicken and asparagus.  For dessert, we stuffed ourselves with the Chocolate Zuccotto Cake. If you've ever seen the movie Matilda think of Bruce eating the chocolate cake. This "piece" of cake was HUGE. This latest experience at Maggiano's has altered my automatic dismissal of chain restaurants. The food, service, and experience was really great and I had plenty of leftovers to take home.Stopped in for lunch after touring Phila and the Reading Market.  Have been to Maggiano's before for dinner and thought it was good so stopped back for lunch today.  Very pleasant waitress Jill offered drinks and explained menu.  I asked about the soups and she suggest a cup of an Italian sausage with white beans.  Only problem with suggestion was she only recommended a cup.  It was delicious and very tasty.  
I got a Chicken Caprese salad with a white balsamic vinaigrette.  Salad was very good only negative was chicken.   Not much and very dry.  Everything else very good.  Other order was Chef Mann's Country Style Pasta.  Excellent light sauce, good pasta and great meatballs.
The bread they serve is outstanding.  Very chewy crust with light body.  Excellent dipped in olive oil on table or butter.  Even better dipped in soup.For the cheap price you pay, you get a good amount of food and the quality is decent. I love the bread they give you. The salad isn't bad, the dressing that they give you is pretty good.
The angel hair with sausage is light since the pomodoro sauce is very little but I wish they chopped up the sausage and offered more. The Spaghetti with meat sauce is a solid option with a good amount of meat in the sauce. It was sweet but not overbearing. The 3rd pasta dish i tried was the pesto linguine with chicken. The chicken chunks were moist but there weren't enough. The pesto linguine was a bit oily and didni't offer too much flavor. However, i can't really complain since we paid so little for the amount of food that we were served. A solid carbo load option around the area.it was my first time at Maggiano's and I will def be back, My drink was peach lemonade and started off with the bread which was very soft and good, dipped in oil and parm cheese, my appetizer was calamari, and my dish was pasta everything I tasted was delicious.
It was packed which was expected being that it was Saturday evening but I must say as far as location you will need to have about extra $30.00 for parking because if your able to get a parking spot its all luck.Called ahead with menu selections for my bachelorette party and food was pouring out the second we arrived- and they were PACKED. Nice personal touch in a dessert was kind. Service was spectacular in my opinion and the food is above average for a chain restaurant.Solid chain-fare that offers great bang-for-the buck.  Consistently comfortable food in an atmospheric ambiance. Nice lighting. Casual comfortable food and wine. Good chicken Frances. Friendly service. With food offered late night (till 11) it's an asset around the Convention Center.Solid place for an Italian chain.  Stopped in for a late dinner and sat in the bar area. Attentive service from Brian my waiter- and he was the only one working the entire area.  Had the bruschetta bar as a shared appetizer.  Delicious choices- candied bacon, roasted pear, strawberry chutney and tomato.  Wow!!! Had a Chopped Salad side- huge portion and yummy (a little watery on the bottom but wasn't anything I'd send back).  Split the Taylor Street Rigatoni.  Service was great, food yummy and drinks and wine selection were above average.  Great, consistent place for a good meal anytime.Their tiramisu is phenomenal - best in Philly.  The only tiramisu I have ever had that was better was at La Geana's in Bluebell (which ran $12 a slice back in 1998; Maggiano's is about $6 I think).
This place isn't cheap, about $25-35 a person, but if you want top quality food/service for your money, it's totally worth it. So, it's not over-priced one bit. It's also great for large groups and for splitting orders.
Everything I have eaten here is yummy. They demand excellence from their servers and the environment is pretty nice too.
It's best to get a reservation in advance.
food - 5 stars
menu - 5 stars
service - 5 stars
environment - 4 stars
location - 5 stars
This is unquestionably the best Italian restaurant in Philly.The crab cakes were very good and the focaccia was ok (too much tomato sauce for my tastes).  Their cheesecake is very good.   We also used them for a private reception and they did ok.  Their pricing scheme is not very transparent and they ended up overcharging us (then refunding the excess).I want to first start by saying that this is my favorite place to eat.  I eat at the King of Prussia location all the time.   
On this particular evening we were in philly for the weekend and decided to celebrate my best friends birthday.   There were five of us.   The experience was awful to start.  We waited 20 min for oil and I'm not even kidding.  Then are server Charlie came over to apologize for not getting to us right away and he also said he was new and they were short staffed and his manager put him on the floor.   We all ordered drinks and that took quite some time.    We finally got to order our food (by this point we have already been there an hour and seen other tables come and go).  We get our 1st course (we ate family style) then Charlie gets our entree selections.    Well, we got our entrees one hour and 15 min later.   That is not an exaggeration because we were so bored we kept track of the time.  During that time of waiting we complained to the manager who didn't really seem to understand why we were even complaining.   I have had bad service before but this took the cake.   He offered us a free round of drinks which again took 28 min to get to our table and we still didn't have our food.  It turns out Charle never put out food in or confused us with another table.   I really don't know what went wrong.   Where is management at this point and why don't they see that we have nothing.  I am a manager and trust me when I say I know without a doubt by looking at a table, I know where they are within the continuum of there dinner experience.    
We got our bill and it was over 200 dollars for what seemed to be the worst meal of our lives.   A friend of mine called and spoke with the manager and he said "well we gave you free drinks".   I'm sorry but I have been in the service industry for over 15 years and a free round of drinks doesn't even come close to what we deserved.   I'm not saying we wanted a free meal but we did want to be heard.    Maybe a gift card would have been nice.  
I do want to say that I don't give Charlie all the blame.   He was nice enough but had no clue how to prioritize and time our table.   I do blame management for thinking he was ready.   I would rather have waited an hour for our table then got the service that we got.I wish I could remember our servers NAME, I am horrible! Anyway, he was so nice and made the experience very pleasant on a crowded Friday evening. My boyfriend and I were just walking by and decided to celebrate a late anniversary. I wasn't expecting much in terms of customer service because I just wanted Italian food so, the service exceeded my expectations and then some. 
Book ahead with OpenTable to avoid long wait times, IT WAS JAM PACKED. We were lucky enough to get a table by constantly refreshing the page and booking through the site.We really loved this Italian eatery. Some of the best lasagna that I have ever put on mouth!! Would highly recommend.This is my first time in Maggiano and I am a little bit disappointed with the service. It is so slow. I have to wait more than half an hour between the appetizer and pasta to come out. There is no bread on the table too. I ordered it and it took 15 minutes for me to get the bread. So most of the time I have to just sit on the table without any food to eat. The food is excellent though. I gave 5 stars for the food.This is a very tasty location with great service.  It was our 1st night in Philly and we decided to eat here.  We found a varied menu with everything from shrimp scampi to bruschetta.  Our food arrived at our table about 20 minutes after we ordered and for four people, that's quick!  I found it decently priced but it was very tasty food.  I definitely recommend the shrimp scampi.  Dessert was also quite good.  I had Gigi's Butter Cake which was supposed to be sticky but it was crumbly instead.  It came with whipped cream and fresh strawberries.  Our waiter was very nice and quite efficient.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes traditional Italian food.Not sure what is going on, but I have dined at the a few Maggiano's locations (Las Vegas, Scottsdale, San Jose) and this Philadelphia location was so-so. I usually order the same dish no matter where I am. Here in Philly it was lackluster, needed seasoning, and just was bland. With many Philly dining options in the area, I won't likely be heading to this one.  But then again, maybe staff was having an off night?If it works why not go two nights in a row. This is a bottomless Italian food orgy. Big portions and fine service make for a very nice dining experience. We were seated in a private room with 40 ravenous student-athletes that devoured every morsel. The brioche rolls are served HOT. The salads are fresh and tasty topped with some of their own salad dressing recipes. The pastas are Al Dente with a wide variety of sauces and meat combinations. We had chicken both nights- Chicken Parmigiana the first night and Chicken Piccata on night two. Both were really good. My favorite of all was the butternut squash ravioli --Wow, this was soooo good! To finish off the dinners we were treated by the manager with a plate very small delicate lemon cookies. They have a very bold lemon flavor with a sweet finish. If your eyes are bigger than your belly, remember to box up the leftovers and you will feast for the rest of the week on these amazing dishes.Delicious dinners-5 of us -great eggplant parm-it melted in your mouth, tasty  veal parm-all of our dinners were great!  Service was excellent-will definitely return on our next visit to Philly!Nice spot, chain, ...eh.
I was in town for a convention and since this place is right across the street from the Marriott, we couldn't help but stop in. 
The GOOD: lovebird special, your choice of appetizer (we got calimari), 2 main courses (Filet medallions for me), a dessert (cheesecake!) and 2 drinks (a glass of red wine) for only $70.
The BAD: they cant cook a steak to save their lives. but hey, even though it was over cooked, they covered it in a nice sauce so that hopefully I would have forgotten how I ordered it (med rare). 
Overall: about as good as a chain restaurant could get with an Italian theme.I am an avid eater and quite the fan of Italian restaurants. I was in Philly this weekend for the Independence Day Regatta and decided to go out to Maggiano's Little Italy with five of my close friends for a nice dinner. I made a reservation for 6 people at 6:45 and when we arrived at 6:44 the table was not ready. We ended up waiting for about 15 minutes before being seated. I decided it would be best to put that frustration behind me. The bread was delicious, which is something that matters a lot to me, but unfortunately it aided in what made this dining experience such a disaster. I filled my bread plate up with oil and balsamic vinegar, as one might normally do, but had a lot left over. In fact, there were plates on either side of me that had substantial amounts of leftover oil and vinegar. When the waitress came to clear our plates, she spilled the two small bread dishes on the table and on my clothes. She did not apologize nor did she offer seltzer water and a fresh napkin to clean it up. My friends asked to see the manager and once again I got no satisfaction- just a small "I'm sorry." No offer for a free drink, dessert, or entree! It made me sad and my favorite jacket is now permanently stained. Very, very tragic. 
The 7-11 next door had a very good deal on Gatorade... 2 for $3!4 of us went on a Friday @ 6, place was half full. Service was great...friendly and efficient. We started with the "street food" apps, half of them were ok and half were salty. Two of us got the veal marsala after finding out they made their own veal stock for the dish and it was pretty good.  One got gnocchi, which was so salty and loaded with cheese he was only able to eat half of it. Another got the lasagna, which was also loaded with salt.
I can't figure out what was going on in that kitchen with the extremely salty food, drinks were good.  But I could never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
This is very convenient to all the Marriott hotels in the area, but please don't go and expect good Italian food.Loved it here had the best service , great food I went here for my graduation dinner & they surprised me with a special dessert enough for 2 people it was beautiful.a great italian place to take a group of friends or a date.  i love this place to dine in and take out.  they have a great wine selection and the service is good too.  i recommend the gnocci and the pine nut and pesto linguine.Okay a chain, and I have spent thousands at the one in King of Prussia and other places around the country for meetings rooms for business and sales. 
This review is for a personal non-business experience.  I was cashing in some Marriott points (across the street which is nice because it was 9 degrees F)  I was STUNNED by how nice Filbert St. looks compared to the 70s and 80s when it was the north side of the Reading Terminal.  
i went with my wife and daughter after visiting my uncle by Rittenhouse Square. We launched my son at 30th Street to ride Amtrak back to NYC/Long Island.   My paternal and fraternal families came to the US from Ireland and settled in Philadelphia in the 1880s.  (legally :-)  )   I went to school in the 1970s at Drexel my wife to LaSalle University.  We know Philly well........go Egg-els.  Fly!!!!!!!
We had a reservation because it is a Friday night and New Years weekend and the tourist count was VERY high.  place was packed and its NOT small.  We were 3 minutes early and waited about 10 minutes and were pleasantly seated.  Hostesses were super friendly.
Greg our waitstaff was swift and accommodating, efficient and knowledgeable.
My spouse's drinks were (by our now New York experience)  decent size and nice potency (lemon drop martini) and my daughter and I had water and club soda with lemon that was endless and always full.
I got a vegetarian minestrone (has no pasta) that was really very very good, and hot was the call on this cold cold night.  For health reasons I try to avoid gluten/processed grains and also dairy.  This is did have probably cheese rind that gave it a great buttery cheese flavor and texture.   Vegetarian not whole food plant based or vegan.  
My wife got a chicken piccata with a fantastic topping and capers and a side of homemade vermicelli.  She is a fantastic cook herself so when this gets high marks ....I was impressed.
Finicky daughter requested an off the menu rigatoni al la vodka that i tested and it was a nice homemade sauce/gravy of small chunky tomatoes and a nice flavor.  She said it was "awesome".....I was relieved.
I was a little more selective as usual, and requested a gluten free pasta (penne) and an all vegetable (no cheese) plate.  It was very wonderful and served promptly and HOT! 
The crew had a hankering (even though it was single digits outside) some gelato.  and we were disappointed by the limited "dessert" options.  (meaning no gelato at an Italian themed restaurant) 
So we ran south two block to Samson on 13 to a gelato specialty place that was FANTASTIC as well.
Mission accomplished - great job Maggiano's on Filbert.Huge location, but almost always empty. Food and service are decent. I hear it used to be a lot more popular. I don't think I've ever seen another person under 30 here.The food is subpar, I think Olive Garden has a better selection and better taste. The service is ok, the waitress was polite and a bit chatty which I appreciate. It is conveniently located in the area where all the major hotels are other than that don't see a reason to come back.When it comes to Italian cuisine, Maggiano's is one of my FAVORITES. I've come here numerous times throughout the years and everything I've gotten was delicious. Although at times the calamari appetizer would seem to be smaller portions than other times; when this happened I would let the manager or waiter/waitress know. I LOOOOVVEEE seafood & macaroni!! Their Limoncello is awesome as well! I love that they have a "family style" menu for tables of 4 or more!!So disappointed ... Soup served cold and pasta was awful! It was my 1st time this place and I won't coming back and not recommend to others ! Carrabba's Italian place is much better than here !Came here on a Saturday for lunch during the Flower Show. Unfortunately, they weren't really serving lunch. Only options were breakfast food off their brunch menu or dinner entrees. But even the eggs Benedict wasn't done right; eggs came out over-cooked. The waiter took them back, but the eggs still weren't really runny when they came out a second time. And the muffin was hard as a rock; didn't even bother eating it. However, their $2 mimosas helped. I wouldn't recommend Maggiano's  for brunch. If you happen to go during lunchtime on a weekend, get a salad or a flatbread from the "starter" menu.Don't think they need business. Sat on hold with no response trying to place a pick-up order.Have been in Philly for a month on business and this was by far the best food experience I've had since I've been here! Our server, Kim, was amazing and informed us of the monthly specials as soon as we sat down. She recommended a few things and immediately took our drink/ app order. Moscato sangria was AMAZING, but very sweet so we switched to Pinot afterwards. Generous pours! 
Cannot put into words how amazing the bruschetta bar was. We then ordered our meals- I had the chicken Marsala and my boyfriend ordered a special. We loved it! 
Had to try desert, and ended up getting the sampler even though we were stuffed. 10/10- especially the apple crisp. 
We were weary about coming here- especially with the 3 1/2 star reviews but we absolutely did not regret it and will be returning once we're in the area again!As an Italian, I can't give any chain a 5 star, but this place has some charm. The food was good, but the atmosphere was loud. You couldn't even walk in the doorway to put your name on the list. The servers were nice, but not overly attentive.I havent stepped foot into a soothing, elegant atmosphere before in a long time. It has a pricey feel with a warm invite. Exceptional service & food you can taste the home country love baked right in. I will return. 
-@apbsllc 
www.anotherplanetbarbershopllc.com
808 South St Philadelphia, PA 19147My cousin had a huge rehearsal type dinner here the night before his wedding.  The staff was great for such a large group of people in their banquet room.    The food is overly starchy and very Italian American, and I really don't dig family style serving in general though.  Like, wtf, it's not cute, and I'm not at home give me my own plate you jerks.My gnocchi was pretty mediocre.  I've always loved the Maggiano's in Atlanta, but this one has been totally off the past three times.  I won't be returning to this location.My favorite place for family and my business meeting with clients good atmosphere price are good food is great just love this place this is my relaxing after shopping..I ordered catered food, it was amazing! They set up all the trays, and the food was warm when arrived. All of of my party guest were impressed with the set up and said the food was delicious. I would definitely order from them again and would recommend to a friend.The service here is amazing. It was packed on a Thursday night and the server still came to check in. From the Host(s) to Server to Busser A+. Also, the manager came at end of meal to quickly ask how was. It was great service. 
The Chicken Cabonara with noodles left something desired for me-just for the price. Big portions. No real flavors came out. But I'll try something different next time because of the service. It's also a cool dining area where your around a bunch of people but still feel private with spacing. 
Would go again!We came across Maggiano's, staying in a nearby hotel for a few nights. The first time we walked by (a Saturday night) it was super packed and the wait was over an hour long. The next night we made a reservation and came back (and it wasn't too crowded anyway). We ordered mozzarella sticks for an appetizer, chicken Parmesan and chicken saltimbocca. Everything was so delicious and the portions were ample! Our 14-month-old son was with us and fussy. The waitress was excellent and catered to us hand and foot. She even brought him extra food to keep him calm. Couldn't be happier!!!Had no idea this was a chain until my fiance mentioned the one in Denver. We were in Philly for a long weekend and this place was about a block from our hotel. We were seated immediately on a Sunday evening around 5pm. The service was that of a swanky 5 star. Best chopped salad I've had in ages. (!!) Ordered a slightly above average chicken parmesean and he ordered the recommended special, 'Chicken Pizziola'. Special wasn't so special as it was missing two of the ingredients listed in the description. Main ingredients! Pepperoni and peppers! Nonetheless we had a very enjoyable experience. Ordered tiramisu to go for dessert. Meh. As an avid consumer of tiramisu, it was bland and below average. I expected more from it! Would definitely return to explore more of menu if there were a Maggianos in Pittsburgh.Lovely food but service was a little slow. 
They had sold out of one of our appetisers so just brought over 2 of the same thing which was slightly odd and irritating. 
My mum ordered from the charity menu which we thought was a lovely idea. Huge portions which we couldn't finish, the creme brûlée was enormous! The white sangria was also deliciousWent here last night for the first time and liked everything about the food. The bruschetta was perfect except the pieces could have been bigger. I got the shrimp scampi and that was very good. The portions were large and filling. Definitely recommend this!Last night was my first night there. We ordered chicken alfredo, linguine with clams, and appetizers calamari. The food was good overall good experience.Have been here several times for dinner and for special activities. Service always has been impeccable. They started doing Sunday brunch which has been a very welcome addition.Despite the fact that Maggiano's is a chain, their food could easily rival that of local Italian restaurants. I strongly recommend ordering the fried zucchini, which is crisp and slightly sweet, as it is sprinkled with grated cheese. I don't even particularly enjoy zucchini, but this is the only form of the veggie that I willingly eat. The mussels, which come in either a red or white sauce, are also a popular appetizer that my fellow diners raved about (I didn't try them since I ate about half the zucchini myself). As for entrees, the eggplant parm is actually better than similar dishes that I have tried at higher-end Italian restaurants, and the four cheese ravioli, which is served with a pesto alfredo sauce, is decadent yet delicious. And don't even get me started on dessert - I could eat their chocolate zuccotto cake for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The portions are extremely reasonable, so you definitely get your money's worth. The "family style" option is something to consider if dining with four or more people, since you get to choose multiple appetizers, pastas, meats, and desserts, all of which are all-you-can-eat. 
The service could not have been better. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and - most importantly - extremely patient with our party of eight, who took what felt like decades to order.Consistent Italian Food with Huge Menu.   I had a pasta with cream sauce and braised beef and my wife had pasta with pesto and chicken.  Both were excellent and served quickly.  The bread was amazing and you can dip it in olive oil at the table.  They also have craft beer and a wide selection of wine.As always, I asked our waitress to recommend one of her most popular pasta dishes and I ordered it. I was extremely satisfied with not just the flavors that came through on this dish but the amount of food that was given was enough for three people. 
Maggiano's you ROCK, my Belly is HAPPY! . 
This is Johnny Carbonara ($20) a dish made with Chitarra pasta smoked bacon peas and a poached egg ... yummmmy! I also ordered the calamari which was once again a heaping serving.. The ( $15) calamari was tender the batter was light and super scrumptious with the marinara...
Guess what's for breakfast LOLgreat menu choices.   prices are mid to hi.    we had 4 perfect dishes at our table.   including ckn francais ckn parm and ckn marsala rigatoni.Even though the place was PACKED, the service was impeccable. Our waitress was Italian so we were able to exchange a few Italian words with her.. A very sweet and attentive person. The food... Really good.We stopped in after attending the comic con at the Philadelphia convention Center. With two children, we were seated in a side room (as parents with kids, we are used to this from most restaurants). Wife and older child have food allergies which they accommodated nicely. Chef came out to table and talked with us. Table was a bit wobbly and they relocated us to a more stable table. Nice experience overall. Food was really really good. Only negative was that they brought our mussels appetizer out with bread in the bowl (which we had to send back due to allergy).Great authentic Italian food...family style preferred
Meatballs are 3" 
Service was good ..My wife and I have traditionally ordered takeout from this location every time we've been in Phila, and tired from a long business day, over the past 10 years. Sadly that trend will cease. I should have been clued in by the fact that the place looked empty at dinner, and the cozy little takeout lobby that they have along Filbert street, usually packed with standing room only, was deserted (and my order was ready in only 15 min..totally unheard of).  I mentioned to the cashier that I've never seen the place this quiet..he seemed unsurprised. When I got back to my hotel room, it all became clear after opening my bag. The "legendary" family style portions that Maggiano's is famous for did not exist here. I pulled out from the top the side of green beans (which I have ordered before) , and in a fairly large container were approximately 20 skinny beans with a scattering of bacon bits. I wanted to take a picture, post it and take a poll on who would pay $5.95 for that. My wife's spinach side salad was not much more either. McDonald's side salad from the dollar menu was about the same size, but not $6.25. The Taylor Street Baked Ziti used to come in 2 gut packing containers, but this one, in one container was about enough for one sorta hungry diner. My wife seemed more upset by the bread of all things: they used to give you a cute mini loaf in a bag with a side of butter. Instead another fairly large container contained 2 approximately 1 inch slices of the same baguette, but cold, old, and no butter. I'm not big on complaining about a little thing here or there, but I had to say something. So I called and told the guy who took my order, and handed it to me 5 minutes previously what was up. Of course he sent me to the manager as he should. I told the manager about the green beans - that I could literally count them, and he said that they go by weight, not by number. I said that this is not the "family style" dish  that Maggiano's  is known for. He said I could come back for another side dish, or take them off bill. I asked him to take them off (we'll see if that happens on my credit card) as my wife and I were hungry, and I didn't want to run back for another, presumably skimpy something. In fact, because of our hunger, I refrained from returning the whole order. $30 later we went to bed still hungry. I guess old traditions will have to give way to new ones. As other reviewers have reported.. NOT the same Maggiano's .. at least not this one.Our group of 20 had a great time at Maggianos this past Sunday. Since we were early, we decided to have a drink while waiting for our table. Patti the bartender was great and she made me a perfect Manhattan, (so perfect I ordered another halfway thru our meal.) Others in the group could not decide what to have so with a few quick questions, she created 'signature' drinks for many of them! 
The entire waitstaff, the food, desserts, etc just wonderful. We especially liked the salmon and the bruschetta. Definitely will return, and we plan to sit at the bar with Patti a little longerBread was pretty good (still warm at the table).
Many options to choose from; enough to satisfy everyone.
Appetizers: Mozarella marinara, calamari, crab cakes
All were great, particularly likes the crispiness of the calamari.
I'm a huge seafood lover, so naturally I chose a fish for the entree: Lobster-baked tilapia.  It was slightly disappointing: the fish was bland and did not have much taste to it.  It seems as though all of their fish dishes are a bit on the bland side.  My mom's parmesan crusted tilapia did not have much flavor either.
But on a positive note, I absolutely loved the Chicken florentine I tasted.  The sauce was decadent, the chicken was stuffed with the perfect amount of spinach and cheese; it was beyond delicious!!!
The desserts were decent: the apple crostada tasted like a standard apple pie: nothing special, but not bad.  The cheesecake was good as well (and I usually don't like cheesecake!).  But for those of you who like a strong cheese flavor in cheesecake, this isn't for you.  It tasted more like vanilla than cheese (which was great for me!)Maggiano's Little Italy was not exactly what I had expected from the description given by both our hotel concierge and the website.  I expected something a little more upscale, busy, and efficient with service.  As it was a Saturday night, I expected that reservations would be needed at a restaurant in the middle of downtown.  This was apparently not the case.  Or the case anywhere in this city on a Summer weekend.  As the waiter informed us. . . everyone goes to the shore on the weekend.
. . . that would explain why we were able to cross a 4 lane main road without even having to look each way on our walk over. . .
We were seated immediately, then waited awhile for our waiter to make an appearance.  Having had plenty of time to peruse the menu, I ordered both a Bud Light draft and Chicken Pesto Linguine.  My beer was delivered, I sipped. . . I pushed the beer away.  This beer was long past gone, no carbonation, skunked taste.  Would have loved to send it back but. . . you guessed it, our waiter was nowhere to be found.  The food was eventually delivered but unfortunately. . . this was another let down.  The pasta was hard and clumpy, sauce was lukewarm.  Pretty unappetizing.  Pretty disappointing.
Our waiter was taking care of one table other than our own.  I don't understand what else he could have been doing.  I could see if the restaurant was busy or if he looked flustered, but none of this was the case.  My meal was not worth the money spent and I regret not having researched better before deciding on this place from the hotel concierge list.  I get what I decided on. . . convenience.We had such a wonderful experience here last week on Thursday afternoon, from our hostess, to waitress Kim to chef Dan making special vegan bruschetta to the manager Cody (I think that was his name) coming over to make sure our first experience here was wonderful and everyone was to our liking. Everyone truly made our dining experience one of the best I've had in a long time, I highly recommend Maggiano's!!Excellent! Great service, menu, and portions (for kids as well!) The quality tastes homemade. We brought our kids and still were able to please the whole crowd. The restaurant, though a chain, is definitely a great recommendation if you are looking a nice sit down meal while visiting Philadelphia.The service was very friendly and fast. I had a special request and the chef came out before, during and after my meal. Very impressed. Food was delicious. I order grilled eggplant parm and the filet was amazing.Expected way better service and food.
Based on the research and review I saw, we picked this as our restaurant of choice to try for the first time.
As soon as we walked in, I immediately encountered people who just does not seemed like you want to be there. absolutely zero smile.
Sat down and the waiter forgot the bread, was not brought to us until we almost finished the  entree. (The restaurant was maybe 2/5 full)
And the waiter seemed really annoyed when we told him (nicely) sorry we are not ready to order just yet, we are still looking at the menu and also waiting for one of our friend to arrive. and the waiter just gave us a (roll eyes) and walked away said ok.
I normally am ok to ignore the horrible service and hoping food is good at least... it is not the case with this restaurant. the food was below average especially for the price we all paid for between 25-30$ per entree.
Only good part about the dining experience was the dessert.
I am pretty sure there are plenty of good Italian restaurants out there or near the area. But this one was unfortunately quite disappointing.Italian chain restaurant with food you will not be disappointed with. It wouldn't be on my top 10 list of places to go to, but you will always know the food will be good when you do go. Id give it a 3.5 stars. 
Just recently had a private dinner party here with a group of 30 people. We had a private room tucked away in the back. Service was efficient and great! I highly recommend this if you have a special dinner and want everyone in the same private vicinity. Even though the food came out in mass, since table got the same courses, the quality was not hindered. All the appetizers we had were great. The main courses were OK or MEH for me (I did not like the lasagna or the chicken/rice dish). The desserts were decent.Stayed at the Marriott and was looking for something outside of the hotel, but close enough to easily walk.  Since it's right across the street, Maggiano's was a natural choice.  I was alone and ate at a high-top table in the bar area.  Wireless internet was not available.  The food was very poor and the service not any better.  The bread was stale, and my $23.50 veal parm was three small pieces covered in sauce that tasted as if it came from a jar.  Including a draft beer and tip, this meidocre dinner cost me $36 and I left hungry.  I would not return to this restaurant or others in this chain.This place is outstanding. I'm not sure there is anything I would change. This might be the only second 5 star review I've ever given. I had the Rigatoni Tony D that was out of this world. The staff is super nice, cloth napkins (green environmental) and my desert the Apple Crustada was over the top. The price is a great value for the serving sizes so be carefulMy personal favorite for Italian food. Yes I know they are a Chain, but Chain restaurants have dramatically improved in quality over the years to where they can hold their own and even exceed most restaurants. Love the meat sauce and marinara as well!. My favorites with this place are the traditional Spaghetti with meatballs, and Chickie Parm. Especially great deals are the 2 for 1 pasta specials which to me are a no brainer! Love the ambiance , very cozy, classy and romantic with that old world Italian home feel to it. Service is usually top notch! Soothing Frank Sinatra or Tony Bennett tunes in the background!  A great place to take a date or have a party catered. Parking can get tough at this location as well as any other CC Philly restaurant so cant fault them for that! Can get very crowded but waits never that bad even during the holidays , but reservations are recommended. Really nothing to not like here, so for me 5 stars. (Don't get some of the negative reviews here ,, but to each his own , for me Love IT!)I was there yesterday (September 11, 2012) at two o'clock. We had a group of nine and the place was on a slow time between lunch and dinner crowd. We all selected the chiefs choice family style menu.  All the food was excellent from the fried mozzarella to the lobster carbarana.  The service was slow especially for the time we were there.  The wait staff was friendly but not knowledgable on the menu or drinks from the bar.   All together i would go back even just for the friend mozzarella.I had one the worst restaurant experiences of my life. It was Mothers Day and we chose the Brunch. They served cold and over cooked carved fillet. You had to beg the carver if you wanted more than one thin slice. The other carved item was deli ham. For the big Brunch cold station, they had two items, Caesar Salad and sliced fruit.  The hot buffet, which was all cold , was  a combination of Italy meets the Caribbean.   The two entrees were rigatoni with chicken and coconut crusted tilapia. The scrambled eggs were green and French toast was inedible.  It was so disappointing for a corporate franchise to serve such a all around bad experience.As far as chain Italian goes, (which can be a sodium bonanza guilty pleasure) its pretty satisfying.   Definitely stay away from TAKE OUT, portions are small, which makes it very overpriced for Barilla Pasta and over-salty sauce.Maggiano's is a chain and I have visited their restaurants in Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Las Vegas. You can say that I am a fan. To speak to the chain as a whole, each restaurant offers a warm and cozy feel created by the warm tones of the wooden tables, the dark wood bordering the walls, and the dim candle lighting. Although I can see the place working as a date place, I see it more as a family place with the red checker board table clothes and the large round tables. This is especially true when it comes to the menu options as well. If you are less then a party of three a trip to Maggiano's can be a little bit pricey. However, if you re four or more I highly recommend ordering the family style meal.
I always order the Family Style Meals, and although they may appear a little pricey at first it's definitely worth the price! The way this system works is that you order two appetizers and two salads and they keep bringing you as much as you want. I recommend in the Philadelphia Maggiano's as well as any of the other ones I previously mentioned to order the stuffed mushrooms which are very juicy and flavorful and have a nice crunch to them with the crusted parmesan cheese as well as the Maggiano salad. Now it is extremely unlike me to be raving about a salad but trust me this one is really good, it has a sweet dressing that is balanced out by a robust cheese -  what I think is gorgonzola cheese or bleu cheese.  After you've had your fill of your appetizers you go on to the main course which features two pastas and two entrees. Here is where the Philadelphia branch scored average. I found their Chicken Marsala and Baked Ziti to be a little bland; I think they could both have used a bit more salt. The Chicken Parmesan was good but nothing stellar either. After you've enjoyed multiple refills on your main course selections naturally you get to pick 2 dessert items. I recommend the tiramisu and the spumoni. I think, although I may be biased as a dessert connoisseur, they recovered with desserts. 
The service is average. The waiters are kind and attentive, but naturally you feel as if they do not come around often enough since you're constantly asking for refills. Just be mindful that you're probably not the only one in the restaurant who ordered family style. 
All in all, this is a great place to hangout for a few hours while pigging out on generally good food with a group of friends.