I recently attended the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit "Think Local Give Local" at the Lowes Hotel in Philadelphia. All of Garces restaurants participated with various food offerings and there was participation from many of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. It was a great benefit to help support immigration and immigrants that are located in Philadelphia. Maison 208 did not disappoint with their offering of the night - a generously sized portion of pork belly. The staff attending the event was very friendly as well. I have dined at the restaurant before and look forward to going back soon.The place and location is very nice. However, we went on a Tuesday before 7 pm and waited over 20 minutes to get the drinks we ordered. We literally went through an entire appetizer and two glasses of water and still no drinks. The server was very nice and obviously equally frustrated that the bartender was taking so long. Not a great experience for the first time going to a new place. It really wasn't that busy for such a long wait.Very cool atmosphere! Would highly recommend for bunch and the cocktails are amazing. They have a great lavender mimosa.
Night life seems to be legit too. For brunch, head upstairs and hope to have Michael as your waiter!Brunch was exceptional! Our server Michael, was truly excellent! He gave us all the top recommendations and was so friendly. Our party had a fabulous experience here and will definitely be back again soon.I went last week for the first time and it was great! Michael was an excellent and friendly server and the food (crab cakes and scallops) were delicious. The atmosphere is also worth checking out with the retractable roof and lounge area upstairs. I will definitely be back!The staff was very friendly and pleasant. The corn pudding was surprisingly amazing. Had the filet and it was tasty. I also has the chocolate cake for dessert. It was good but nothing special.We hosted my sister's bridal shower at Maison 208, and they did not disappoint!
Stephen was extremely easy to communicate with during this process, and his attention to detail did not go unnoticed by the guests. 
Alex and Adrianna from the upstairs rooftop area were amazing. The bubbly pouring was nonstop and they were both so kind and expeditious. 
Chef Senat exceeded our expectations with the 5 petit plats we chose! They have so many options for events, and everything was delicious! My favorite was the spicy tuna cone, deeeeeeeelicious!!!! 
The decor at Maison is amazing, so decorating was very easy and fast with the help of the Maison staff.  The retractable roof was such a nice touch, especially with the lovely weather. 
Definitely would come back to have dinner here when I come back to Philly! 
Thank you Maison for making my sisters day! XoxoI ordered duck breast medium, the food came out with a few slices of duck breast and it was tasteless and very well cooked. The sides on the dish were just horrible. My whole entree was just bad.  Quality and quantity does not match the price.  Hostess was clueless.  Will not go back again, too many amazing restaurants in Philly to come back to this restaurant again.For my birthday, my two girlfriends and I decided to try the new hot spot, Maison 208. My friend had actually seen Chef Silvia recently on Top Chef so our expectations were very high. Low and behold, he did not disappoint. Upon arrival, we were early and got a drink at the bar. When it was time for our reservation, the hostess apologized that the table was not ready and compensated up with free glasses of champagne while we wait. This was just an excellent display of amazing customer service. Our meal was fabulous to say the least. The cheese board was exquisite! Every cheese, jam and honey was magnificent. I would solely go back for this board! We also got the pork lollipops, which were delicious! The duck was also good, but small. I don't recommend sharing this with a friend. The only thing disappointing about this meal was the ratatouille-it was very bland. For dessert, we ordered the beneigh doughnuts. AMAZING! And to top it off, Chef Silvia sent us over complimentary sorbet! I would 100% return. GREAT DATE PLACE!Food was so good! The Frenched Dorade and the Island Toro Lollipops were a huge hit. For dessert, you have to get the beignets.Fantastic restaurant! Highly recommend. This is a great edition to philly and a can't miss restaurant. Looking forward to being back.I still can't get over how beautiful the space is! The open air upstairs is the ideal atmosphere for a tasty cocktail break. The wine list was like nothing I had ever seen before, I tried orange wine for the first time and fell in love!I'm really not one to judge a new business but after our experience last night, it left me questioning if I'd even like to give this place another shot. 
We made reservations for 9PM, hung out upstairs to wait for the hostess to get us, so by 930 we headed downstairs to be sat for dinner. 
The Upstairs bartender was very professional, made us good drinks, our appetizer came out quickly and the rooftop was nice, so for that I give this place 3 stars. 
The dining experience however, is why I can't give this place 5 stars. 
Our waiter was possibly new at serving, barely checked on us, and not only forgot to put one of our entrees in, but forgot two of ours.
We paid $200 after tip for only 2 salads, oysters, and 2 entrees for food that I can say, I wasn't able to enjoy since only 2 out of 4 of us got our entree. 
By the time we questioned our waiter on where our entree was, since we were barely waited on, he came back a minute later to let us know that he's sorry, that he forgot to put it in and unfortunately the kitchen is closed.
A minute later then cleaned our plates, didn't ask us if we'd like dessert or anything, but handed us our check without us even asking for it. 
I get it, it was late, but the restaurant is new and wasn't busy. I expected better service, better food and better apology from here. I really hope management looks into improving the service and food in the restaurant area.Terrible service and coordination amongst staff. Ok food, at horribly high prices. 
Arrived 5 minutes ahead of reservation and was understandably asked to head upstairs for a drink. While waiting for the drink for about 20 min was sent downstairs for my table. 20 mins later wrong drinks arrived, in dirty glassware. Came back after simply being wiped clean. Then another round of the same drinks arrived without us requesting.
Food was not worth the cost, and overall I would suggest just going for the bar/atmosphere. Skip dinner, or head to one of the many great nearby places for food.Everything was fine except for the food. I could make better food than the stuff they served. The food was either too heavy on salt/vinegar or not cooked very well.I really wanted to like Maison 208 but was very disappointed by the entire dinner. The service was unacceptable. We waited half an hour after being seated to finally get our first drinks and then waited another 45 minutes before our second course arrived before our first course. The waiter said our food was sent to a wrong table. When the entrees finally arrived the duck was cold and looked like it had been sitting around for 20 minutes before it was brought over to us. Very disappointing experience and when we said something to the waiter he said he would get the general manager to come by but he never did. Not what I would've expected from a place like this.Ordered some disappointing drinks, some burgers and fries. The burgers, which were supposed to be cooked medium, were well done. Not surprising after such a long wait. After we'd finished the burgers, the fries came out. C'mon Maison. 
Now to make up for their subpar food they're trying to be some type of awkward nightclub. Unfortunately not even the blaring music is enough to distract from the bad food. There are tons of better options in the neighborhood.Great service, great drinks, great wine, great food! Food wise, we got chilled tomato soup, pork belly, meat lollipops, duck, and dorado and everything was amazing!Great service, food and drinks.  We sat upstairs and enjoyed the bar bites.  Everything was great, especially the tuna taco and wild mushroom bun.  They also have a pretty amazing cider options on their menu.  It was a nice night and the atmosphere was really nice with the retractable roof open.  Lastly, the service was amazing.  Our waitress was really friendly, offered recommendations, and very quick making sure we had what we needed.I visited Maison 208 with a couple friends to get some drinks upstairs in the Social area.  The service was great.  Iris was our server and she made us feel so welcome and answered all of our questions.  The drinks were inventive and tasty - our favorites were the R.R. Cigar, Chickadee Tea, and the Gin & Terrarium.  The presentation of each of these drinks was so special and creative.  We had a few small plates that were delicious as well.  The whimsical decor and the open windows and roof made the perfect atmosphere for a relaxing night out.  I can't wait to visit Philly again so I can come back.I haven't eaten the food yet but I had a few drinks at the bar upstairs and it was a solid atmosphere!! Hats off to the chef and owners , awesome swag and addition to the city and I'm looking forward to dining.My boyfriend and I came for our anniversary this past weekend and had the most amazing time. I had the duck, he had the pork chop, and we shared the corn pudding. Everything was phenomenal and prepared perfectly. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant as well as the music selection. However, the highlight of the night was hands down the service we received. Our waitress was sweet and Mia, the sommelier, was very knowledgeable and helped us decide on not only our champagne choice but our after dinner drinks as well. My boyfriend casually mentioned how much I love the design of the restaurant's second level so Mia arranged for us to have a table reserved there after dinner where we enjoyed our desserts and drinks. We were seamlessly transferred to the very attentive and kind bartender who was just present enough throughout the rest of the evening. The thoughtful staff of Maison truly helped our night to be a special one. I wish I could give them even more stars. We will absolutely be back!Maison 208 has that, "momma I kinda made it atmosphere", with its chic display to it's customers and lower upscale prices. Perfect for going out with your college roommates that you meet up once a year with, celebrating an achievement or birthday, and to impress co-workers.  
To start off, my friend and I started with the Maison Pomme Frites which was a quick favorite for me. I start munching those bad boys down like I was raised by wolves. The pecorino cheese and truffle oil were a nice touch. The texture of Frites had a nice crisp to them, but were not over cooked. Along with the Frites, I enjoyed a R&R Cigar, which from the presentation alone will make all your friends on social media peanut butter and jealous, but the smoke scotch taste from the tobacco smoke and lagavulin is a perfect swipe right made on tinder. 
Moving onto the main course, my foodie friend and I shared our entrées. My friend ordered the Australian Lamb Chops. Once again, a very nice presentation done with the 3 lamb chops over the beautiful mace windu lightsaber colored Okinawa mashed potatoes. The lamb was cooked to a nice tenderness but I was not entirely wow by them. What made up for the lamb chops, were the rather seductive and creamy Okinawa mashed potatoes that danced around in your mouth with a nice undertone of sweetness to them. The potatoes also complimented the lambchops well and the lamb chops replied with a "Thank You".  I ordered the Pan-Seared Diver Scallops where the French foundation with a Caribbean taste of the restaurant is exbitied well in this dish! (*Disclamier*: Scallops are one of my dishes so I try to be as harsh a possible just to be fair in my review. ) The scallops I believe did not have enough heat to them and came out slightly colder than expected. The scallops were cooked to good consistency but were not anything special when it came to the taste. The Haitian mangos were a nice touch but the IPA Hush-Beignet were bland and did not do much for the dish. 
Lastly we had dessert! I ordered the Crème Brûlée because I'm basic, and my mate ordered the sorbet. The Crème Brûlée was also served with  banana slices on the side with a whipped creamish type concoctio on the side. All three together on one spoon were a delightful mash-up of flavors. The sorbet had nice creamy texture but the flavor was just average except for the Pomegranate one which was filled with flavor
Our server, Asia, did an amazing job. She was very charming and well trained on what was on the menu! She was a great help and definitely enhanced our experience. She even laughed at one of my dad jokes that she probably heard for 1000th time in her life. It seemed genuine too. (Do I hear promotion for Asia?) 
All in all, I had good experience Maison 208!Just had the most wonderful dining experience at Maison 208! The open air upstairs lounge was so enjoyable. Service by Wesley was outstanding. The food was superb! Beet salad, oysters, Kobe beef lollipops, cheese plate, gnocchi banana creme brûlée.... chef Sylva is amazing! My daughter and I enjoyed it so much!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Our waiter Jeison was a certified sommelier and was able to recommend an excellent bottle for our meal. The appetizers that we had the Taro Lollipops and the scallops were both amazing and must gets. The scallops were perfectly cooked and had the right amount of briney taste you would want and the lollipops were on point. Our table tried the dorade, the duck breast, the pork shank and a special that night a ny strip. The dorade was crispy with favorful broth. The duck was moist and the foie gras superb The pork shank was a giant portion that fell off the boat with a rich sauce that made for an to die for dipping experience with the pomme frites (also recommended by Jeison). Finally we had a side of the corn pudding- this in itself could qualify for a dessert with how sweet it was but the heirloom tomato salad cut it make a nice side dish. We finished the meal with the homemade ice cream trio, a pear teartin, the creme brûlée and the beignets. If there had to be a weak point it was the dessert but even it was wonderful. Unfortunately we had to leave but the bar on the second floor looked like it was about to get lit with a DJ that was starting his set.  I  can't wait till the next dining experience at Maison. Hats off to Chef Sylva for a great experienceHad a great experience here for brunch. A few friends of mine came here for brunch and ordered food as well as the bottomless mimosas. Everything was wonderful. One of my friends had ordered eggs which were delayed. The restaurant comped the meal and also provided us with nicer mimosas, as well as free ice cream. The service here is fabulous. I would definitely recommend this restaurantI've been counting down to the opening of this 13th street addition for months. I easily made OpenTable reservations for last Thursday - just over a week after the grand opening. We were promptly seated on the first floor. I love the decor - the open air, the tin roof and unique wall paintings. 
Our waitress introduced herself and asked about drinks. We had questions about a couple cocktail ingredients and she had to go back to the bartender to answer what they were. IMO, at a minimum, the waitstaff should know all of the ingredients listed on the menu. My friend and I both got the dirty margarita - yum. 
We were ready to order and wanted to start with one of the cheese plates. The waitress told us when we ordered that they didn't have cheese that night. "No cheese" is my biggest nightmare. I understand but wish she said that up front before I was salivating over said cheese. 
Okay, now for the good part - we both ordered the pork shank and a couple sides to share (haricot verts and the fancy fries). The pork is out of this world. So tender, falling off the bone, perfectly salty and seasoned. I've been dreaming about it since. We had the beignets for dessert which were also lovely. 
I will definitely be back to Maison, but hope the waitstaff is a bit more prepared next time.Maison 208 looks pretty cool from the outside and their ambience is good and quite comfortable as well - especially the chairs. We ordered the veggie omelette with whole grain toast and coconut pancakes. The omelette was pretty bland and the whole grain toast was too hard to bite into - definitely not what I was looking forward to. The coconut pancake looked pretty good but was overloaded with powdered sugar, was very dry and I was getting a weird bitter flavor now and then. Overall not the most amazing brunch place and won't recommend or come back again.So im on my Philly bar crawl and having had a great time at the previous spot i will say i was underwhelmed by this place. Street atmosphere was fine but the pour of the glass of rose $12 probably the most mean spirited thing I've seen. And i was brought my beer. A pony Pilsner in a can. No offer of a glass. Theres a modest pour on wine and then there's just ridiculous. There's hipster cans and there's also service. As a veteran of NYC, London, LA and other booshie cities i would simple say. "No" you cant pretend you're that cool. Cuz you're not. Sorry.Hands down the worst meal we have had in Philadelphia in over 15 years.  The menu looked amazing and the retractable roof made a warm evening dinner seem fail proof.  
However, the food was terrible. For the first time in my life, we sent a dish back to the kitchen because it was inedible - the scallops wafted up waves of old seafood before the dish was finished being placed on the table. Thinking we were misjudging, my husband and I each tried a bite, which confirmed how off they were. Moreover, unbalanced flavors without nuance predominated the rest of our meal. Our dishes tasted bitter (the tomato soup), rancid (hush puppies), simply odd (the signature salad), or bland (the dorade).  Furthermore, they ran out of the main ingredient for the salad we ordered.  
While everyone has to learn and mistakes are human, the waiter-in-training sloshed my drink, spraying it onto my lap.  The waitress, outwardly friendly and professional, seemed the product of Office Space flare training. 
The atmosphere may be ok for drinks with friends, but for a nice dinner out seemed strangely clubby and poorly matched for the menu and decor.  Note previous reviewers' warnings that the full dinner menu is not available on the second floor. 
We left hungry and went down the street to another restaurant to salvage our evening.  Take heed and start your evening elsewhere! 
The one star is for a decent cocktail and close-up views of the Sanctuary Mural Arts mural, my favorite in Philadelphia.  Otherwise, an utter fail.Having moved here from New York several years ago I really appreciate a restaurant with good design. This one certainly has that. Gorgeous.
The food was pas mal. We ordered two of the three salads. The beets were a little too salty and overdressed. And the Lyonaise salad was good but nothing special. My friend tried the pate lollipops and couldn't eat them. No one thought to ask us how it was.
The service seems young. We ate at the bar and the bartender seemed more interested flirting with the waitress and he dead and ensuring that our meal experience was superb. I wish she had asked us how everything was.
I hope they iron out some of these kinks because the idea is great and the space like I said is exquisite.
I will definitely give it another try!As a restaurant owner I am extra critical of places to dine. It cracks me up to read some of these reviews from self proclaimed "foodies".  Let me break it down, this is a special place, amazing atmosphere and unique food. 
Chef is engaging as a human and has a special talent of putting together incredible dishes that attack your taste buds. I also found the wine list to be able to hold up to several selections. 
The upstairs outdoor bar has a breathtaking art and the wait staff was very engaging. 
I enjoyed the ribeye and several of the appetizers, all were mouth watering. 
This is a jewel...enjoy it!The telling of this tale is only coming from my own perspective based on this one and only experience I had at Maison 208.
My co-workers and I chose this restaurant for a company sponsored dinner/social outing because we wanted to support one of Chef Sylva Senat's ventures. We made a reservation for 13 people, which the restaurant said they would accommodate. The venue is beautiful and modern. The dishes we order were delicious. However, the service was subpar and frustrating. 
Upon arrival, the staff seated us at a long narrow table designed to seat 8 people comfortably, despite us reserving a space for 13 and walking in with 13 people with more colleagues joining us later in the evening. It was clear to me that they had overbooked us, which is not necessarily a problem. But their only solution was to give us two extra chairs and inform us that they couldn't provide any more seats. The staff proceeded to place out 10 sets of flatware, leaving my other colleagues who remained standing with nothing. (Once again, I can understand if they couldn't provide any more flatware for the people left standing for lack of room at a table that only seats 8.) For the remainder of our time, we had a consistent 4 people standing for the duration while we watched other groups of patrons leave - opening up space that our group could've utilized. In my mind, if there were folks crowding around a table trying to interact with their dinner companions, the staff should've tried to figure out how to transition the party into a more suitable space. This did not happen. 
Our party ordered a bunch of the bar bites from the social menu. We probably would've ordered more food if the orders came out consistently, and the service was more responsive, but allow me to explain. I believe we placed all of our food orders up front and the expectation was that the orders would come out in short waves. In my opinion, the orders arrived at our table sporadically, with one waiting period extending close to 45 minutes - for bar food! (We spent a total of 3 hours at Maison). I was also a bit confused once the food arrived because we had a bunch of finger food, a few place settings, but no plates! How are you going to serve a bunch of sliders, wings, and pizza without providing or offering plates? The plates eventually came...2 hours into our meal.  
This next set of grievances would usually be minor and wouldn't warrant a mention except when the main parts of the experience went poorly. The music was a bit too loud for my own preference because it made it difficult to listen to conversations folks were having with me - but that's not that big of a deal. What was really getting under my skin was the playlist that had mostly downtempo beats, which is usually cool, but it wasn't even the chill, cool vibe music. Rather, it was in the wheelhouse of The Weeknd's album "My Dear Melancholy,". In fact, they played that, Kanye's "ye" album and Cudi's "Kids See Ghosts" album back-to-back like 3 times! Once again, I don't want folks to misunderstand me because I think these artists are great, but I don't want to reflect on depressed and introspective thoughts while I'm out trying to turn-up and have a good time with my colleagues. I was just very confused about the type of ambiance Maison was trying to create during their social hour. Honestly! I thought someone on staff had a breakup or something and just said: "F*#k it!, I'm going to play depressing-a## songs from The Weeknd all day."
On a lighter note, I thought the bartender was pleasant and responsive. I thought our server was polite and doing the best he could. However, I know some of my colleagues had complaints regarding his service; that just wasn't my experience that evening.
Conclusion, if you're looking to make a reservation of 8 or more, I wouldn't do it at Maison 208. They seem ill-equipped to handle that amount of folks looking to be seated together for a fun and pleasant evening. Not sure if I will personally return in the near future.The food was great! I ordered a coconut pancake and it was delicious, my friends ordered the crème brûlée french toast and it was also very delicious! However, I ordered an orange juice expecting it to be fresh squeezed juice but it wasn't. On the bright side the price is affordable! The atmosphere is also very nice.The ambiance there is the best part as aesthetically speaking the place is immaculate. As for the restaurant itself, it's new so there will obviously be some issues. The food is overpriced. I ordered the duck "entree". My medium rare duck was served lukewarm and under seasoned and was the size of a tasting menu plating. The foie gras was tough and still had veins in it. I had the Kobe beef lollipops which sounded like they would be good Kobe pâte with curry but was under seasoned and very bland. The bar has some bright sports depending on who's serving you get the wrong bartender and good luck. I ordered my go to if I'm at a decent cocktail bar: Hendricks with green chartreuse, lillet Blanc and lime juice. It's not that difficult if you know how to mix. Instead of getting my drink the bartender thought he knew what he was doing by misting my glass with chartreuse as opposed to making it with it. When I called the bartender out on it he opened up his atomizer and just poured it into my drink. I was completely taken back by the level of competence I had to deal with. I wish them the best, but as for me it'll be a while until I decide to go back and overpay for mediocre food and drinksWe celebrated a few friends 30ths at Maison 208 last Saturday night and were overall pleasantly surprised with our experience.
We were able to make a reservation for our party of eight about 2 weeks before the event and the restaurant was ready for our party when we arrived. The atmosphere of the restaurant is definitely upscale and intimate; I'd definitely consider it a good date spot. 
I was impressed with both the food and drink menus. I loved the variety of cocktails offered as well as wine selections. We all loved the cocktails - beware, they are delicious and STRONG! The food menu had both smaller and larger plates, but not a lot of options for sharing with a large group. The waitress was able to adapt some of the small plates to fit our larger group. 
As far as the food, I have to stay it was hit or miss. We LOVED the island taro lollipops, the scallops, and the duck breast. All were fresh, well seasoned, and melted in your mouth. However, the truffle fries were underwhelming, the lamb chops were cooked well but seemingly served without seasoning, and the burger was just okay. I'd love to see them get all of their food up to the level of the first few items listed here. 
The service was excellent. We even requested to add a member to our party and although the restaurant was packed, they made it work. Our server was patient with our large group and really made our birthday celebration a memorable event.
Overall, I love the atmosphere, service, and drinks. Food is hit or miss but I'd definitely return for some of my menu favorites!The rooftop bar has such great vibe. A very laid back place to go with your friends. Definitely suggest going there on a Friday night. Drinks are priced as other places nearby.I am giving it five stars because of our server, Aigner! She was amazing! One of the most positive people I have ever seen. The food was great! It was not the most amazing-tasting food I have ever had but it was elevated to high levels because of the great experience because we had because we had such a wonderful server. We would definitely return!!!Went there on a weeknight in second week of July. Ate downstairs. We had the pork shank and the salmon. Both delicious.  No matter what you are having, get the corn pudding as a side. Phenomenal. Some of the best food I've had at any restaurant this year.  On the pricey side, especially some of the cocktails.  Service was somewhat shaky to the point of being a bit of a distraction from the whole experience (uninformed, inattentive, slow, items on check that were not ordered).  Need to smooth some edges there.I had been here several times for drinks with friends but this was my first experience eating a meal here.  We came for Sunday brunch and had a reservation. They were great with handling us as we adjusted the amount of people in the party about a thousand times.  They were very accommodating and if it was an issue for them, they certainly did make us feel like it.  The city was very crowded (Broad Street Run) and most restaurants had lines out the door.  With this level of crowdedness, I was not expecting the service to be nearly as spot on as it was.  The downstairs part of the restaurant is not very big but there was more than enough room for our group of 6 adults to comfortably sit and enjoy without feeling crowded.  The vibe is very modern and if you are looking for a quiet spot, I probably wouldn't recommend. If you get an opportunity you should check out the upstairs, there is a really cool retractable roof that they open when the weather is nice.  If you are a lively crew, this the perfect spot for you. Hailee was our hysterically funny waitress who kept our mimosas full and had great recommendations. She's that perfect mix of waitress that magically appears when you need her but doesn't make you feel like she is constantly there (not that we would've minded).  The food was excellent and it was nice to see Chef Sylva actually working in the restaurant.  Mia, the beverage director let us sample some of the unique new Australian wines which was great.  I don't know that I would've experienced them otherwise.  She is great and you should listen to her recommendations and you might just end up with a complimentary cocktail.  This team clearly functions well and could be an example for better service throughout the city.  We had a pretty good variety of options with our group, the pork shankwich, grilled cheese, kitchen omelet, and duck benedict are what I recall.  Everyone raved about the meal and the speed with which it moved.  It's a rather large menu for which allows for plenty of options.  If you save some room, you should definitely try their deserts.  The chocolate croissant was amazing, well what little of it I got before it was inhaled.  I highly recommend this place and I have no doubt we will be returning soon.I came here for drinks on a Friday night and it was a really nice vibe. They have the upstairs open roof concept and it wasn't as packed or crowded. We were able to sit down on the lounges which was nice. Their drinks are reasonably priced. This is a good date night spot.Came here for Saturday brunch - Amazing atmosphere, service, & food! Absolutely love this place and will be back!Service was great, but the food was terrible.  Perhaps brunch or the bar food is better here, but we went for dinner and it was terrible.  They have the strangest paring of flavors, I have ever had in any restaurant.  We started with the beet salad, which was beautifully presented, but the beets were so sour, I could not even eat them.  Everyone has this and it is so easy to make correctly, that I cannot for the life of me imagine how you could screw this up.  This strange pairing continued with corn pudding, which was OK, but was served with tomatoes in a vinaigrette that seeped into the otherwise edible corn pudding and made for a strange pairing.  The branzino was OK, but again was paired with veggies in sauce that was not complimentary to the fish.  The bar looks really nice, and perhaps we would go to the bar when in the area, but would never go here for dinner with so many other great options.I'm sorry but no. Just, no.  The food here is plain.  Plain to the point where we had to ask for salt.    We had the 'lollipops', crab cake, corn, lamb and pork. All plain.  Just, no.We came here for brunch on a very warm Saturday. The place was half full even there there was a large street festival happening on Broad St. when our waiter asked for our drink orders I asked if they could make a frozen drink and his only reply was "no".  He proceeded to stare at me without offering an alternative or helpful suggestion. The interior is beautiful but that is as far as it goes. The food was not but albeit a bit over priced. I am not sure what this establishment is going for but I left unimpressed. I can usually deal with over priced food that does not quite live up to its price tag but poor service is inexcusable. There are too many great brunch spots in the city with impeccable service for me to ever return. If you doubt my word check out the other yelp reviews.I reeeeally wanted to like this place, as I saw it on a list of Philly top brunches. Unfortunately it did not go as expected.
First it took forever for our waiter to come outside where we were seated and take our drink order, which took even longer to come out. Then he definitely must have forgotten about us because we sat there for a solid 10 minutes before he came back to take our order. I got the duck egg Benedict (don't be deceived: it's not actual duck, it's just duck fat hollandaise) and my friend got the French toast. 
Another 25 minutes go by, as we watch people who sat down after us (with a different server) got their meal, which had 2 more plates, our food finally came.
My friend said the French toast was possibly the worst food she's eaten in Philadelphia. It was soggy and seemed to look slightly undercooked. The eggs benny were ok, but I've had better. Definitely could not taste any duck, which was the whole appeal of them. We also ordered the truffle and parmesan fries and I'm pretty sure they forgot the truffle, as they tasted like regular fries with a little Parmesan.
Our waiter came over once while we were eating and when I kind of shrugged my shoulders when he asked how everything was, he said "great!" and walked away.
It then started raining outside so we ran in to get the check (since he never brought it out) and pay for it. He seemed to not care at all that we were waiting to give him the check, so we just left it with the hostess.
Overall, pretty shitty experience and I definitely won't be returning. I guess it makes more sense now why every time slot was open for brunch on a sunny Sunday afternoon...I love the drink selection is here. And all of the food is delicious and well seasoned. We got the pork belly and the dorade fish. And a pretty cool drink pictured below with the herbs that you make yourself.My husband and I came here for a cocktail and really enjoyed the atmosphere. The bar tenders were really friendly and the drinks were fun and inventive. I had the sangria and it was very light and refreshing. My husband started with the red poll and enjoyed that drink. Then he tried the woodpecker. I can't say it was my favorite- kinda tasted like a cold pea soup but my husband liked it. It was a pretty drink though!First time last Friday and the food was awesome!! The pork shank was so tender and huge!! My date had the salmon and said it was cool to perfection!! Really awesome building and great lounge on the 2nd floor!! Our server was upper knowledgeable about the menu!As echoed by many of the previous reviews, the restaurant got the looks but not the food to back it up. The interior design is absolutely lovely and I appreciate the ambiance that the dark and white contrasts exudes. The dangling lights and the lighting shifts that happen at night gives the place even more flare. On to the food, I was here for their restaurant week items. I have wanted the kobe beef lollipops they offered but they apparently did not have any, only to see the table next to us have it ordered at the end of our meal. Instead I opted for their pork belly option. In terms of taste, the sweet sauce and veggies on the side complemented the heaviness of the fatty meat well. In terms of meat quality, the two pieces I had gotten were different sizes with different textures. One piece was smooth and soft while the other one was a bit more tough. Two of my friends had ordered the scallops while another friend and I ordered the chicken for our second course. All of the plates came out quite differently in terms of plating. For the scallops, one friend had a dark brown sauce while the other had a brighter yellow sauce. One had garnish while the other was lacking. For the chicken, my friends plate had sauce that was neatly placed while my plate had it messily splattered throughout. We had brought to the servers attention that the scallops looked different and they returned with the same plates but had just added some garnish. The sauces still looked completely different. I had tried a piece of my friends scallops and despite the hiccups, it  had a good sear and was tender throughout. However, my friends finished in two bites while my other friend and I kept on going with out chicken. In terms of taste, it was inconsistent through the whole dish. The greens had no seasoning. The other sides to the dish did not really add much to highlight the chicken. It seemed more like an afterthought and did not do well in terms of creating a cohesive dish. Trying to elevate the dish with foie gras, it served no purpose in complementing the chicken. The chicken itself was not even in terms of seasoning either with some parts having little taste. On to the dessert, the ice cream served to us had an icy texture to it. While the taste was there, we had compared it to ice cream at home with freezer burn texture. Overall, at this price point I was paying for, I do not think the quality and portions were worth it. As my friend had said, one star for each scallop they had gotten.The atmosphere is great and the location is perfect, but the tuna tacos have absolutely zero flavor. I'm a pig and always clean my plate, but I literally ate one taco and left the other two for the garbage. Don't expect to find Laphroaig or Glenlivet if you're into scotch either. However, I must give the server props for his willingness to stuff my green olives with blue cheese for my dirty martini! Overall my experiences have been great and the service has always been spot on!Brunch was delicious in this very attractive restaurant offering up some interesting and beautifully presented meals. Something as simple as corn pudding with heirloom tomatoes had me wanting to lick the plate. My suck eggs Benedict were perfectly cooked with just the right amount of ooze onto the tasty duck and wonderful biscuit. Service was extremely friendly, knowledgeable and on-the-mark attentive. 2 thumbs way up.I went here with a small group for brunch. Food was okay but I didn't find the menu to be all that special. Service was good but they could have been more attentive with the coffee/water.
I thought the place itself was really cool and had a great look. Definitely go upstairs where there's a bar and a nice view.The space and design is beautiful, the service was good and the food was ok. We went here wanting to love it but the price point on the food is highway robbery, you can get much more satisfying portions of amazing food for a much lower price point even around the same area. We both had the 13th street salad which was good but nothing special to warrant $11 for a salad. My fiance got the small plate crabcake and it was unbelievably salty and not in a good way (I love salt). I got the pork belly small plate which was pretty good. The drinks are also priced pretty high and the cocktail I got was delicious; however, my fiance ordered a beer and we both had to laugh at the small glass for $9. Service was good, attentive and friendly. 
We really wanted to like this place but unfortunately it feels like its trying too hard and belongs more in Manhattan than Philadelphia. Overpriced food. I havent been that annoyed at being overcharged since my visit to Palladinos. 
Might be back to grab a drink upstairs but I hope they adjust a bit because if they don't, I don't see this place lasting very long.The money spent on renovating this space was well spent. Very clean, fresh feel with large windows that can be open in the summer. The upstairs turns into an open rooftop bar in warm months, too. There is an open concept kitchen where you can watch the executive and his team turn out plates. 
  We ate the Prix Fix Valentine's menu and were very pleased with the 3 courses plus dessert tasting for the price. If nothing else, go to Maison 208 for the Butternut Squash soup. The scallops were cooked perfectly and served fennel dusted with Haitian mango and IPA hush-beignets. You need to taste them to understand the unique flavors that blend together so well. 
  Our other courses were also tasty, but the desserts leave something to be desired. I may recommend having dinner and drinks at Miason 208 then walking to Capogiro for gelato.My fiancé and I have eaten at all of Philadelphia's best (and worst) restaurants....and this was by far the absolute worst! Even as a light eater, the portions are minuscule. After the appetizer, we had to beg for some bread as we were starving. Our waitress did not know if they had bread, and then came back to our table saying that it would take 8 minutes to bake. A full 20 minutes later, they came with 4 tiny slices of part-frozen, part-baked baguette. The entrees were also extremely tiny; all the food was bland at best. It was my birthday so we asked for a dessert with a candle. They came out with their only dessert- flourless chocolate soufflé- which was cardboard-like and could not even taste the chocolate (also the size of a silver dollar). We wanted to love this place but it was the worst service and food we've ever experienced.The only positive thing I can say about this place is that the menu descriptions are rhapsodic.  Unfortunately, there was no relationship between those descriptions and what was thrown on the plates.  Tasteless, badly presented, and overpriced.  Even the wines that were served were bizarre.  With such great restaurants such as Wills, Nord, Laurel, why go to this place.  As for us, never, ever again. .Speaking to the Happy hour - Great prices, excellent service, and phenomenal atmosphere. I have not been here for brunch lunch or dinner. I can't say enough about the indoor rooftop! The menu items were descent,  I would suggest a revamping of the food options. Overall, highly recommended.Ambiance for days with the anesthetics of this place! Immediately, love the upstairs cocktail bar with the friendly warm service from the bartenders mixed with the retractable roof to view the Philly mural scene. I would recommend this place for their cocktails and especially to take advantage of their HH menu. 
Atmosphere wise, this place hits on all cylinders. Food wise, I would recommend the island lollipops and the crab cake. Personally, didn't care for the pork belly and wouldn't order that appetizer again. Cocktail wise you can't go wrong. I asked the waiter/bartenders for recommendations based on liquor of choice. Both drinks were spot on and completely unique. 
Great place for date night or HH with friends!Sadly, the one word that best describes my experience is mediocre. The hostess was lovely, the bartender was friendly, food was average, but the staff needs training in hospitality and they need a better understanding of the menu.Incredible atmosphere, especially for Philly. Maison brings a much needed LA feel to Center City. The cocktails are incredibly well crafted and the presentation is great. Highly recommended.The lamb was amazing. The small plates a good as well. Open air when wheatger is nice.Overpriced but probably worth it if you're into over paying for mimosas and drinking fancy/fresh cocktails. Went here for brunch with my mom. Good photo ops and I believe there is an upstairs which I didn't get to explore. Looks newly renovated and highly polished interior!Scored a last minute reservation for 9 and it was one of the best meals I've had in awhile. It's not very often the service, space & food are equally impressive but Maison scored 5 stars in each. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable providing great recommendations! The food was definitely #TopChef worthy. We ordered family style duck, lamb, pork & dorade for the table and licked our plates. I can't wait to go back!I dined in the downstairs section on a Friday night with 5 people. The service was almost comically bad. There is a separate menu for the upstairs and downstairs and it was made very clear to us that there is zero flexibility with that. According to the manager, that is because the downstairs is considered "fine dining". Let me tell you, the dining is ANYTHING but fine. The waiter was nervous, not helpful, and often missing, and the manager - who was largely behind the bar - was extremely rude. 
After said confusion over the menu, and a very long wait, our appetizers came out - along with one person's entree (which we sent back to be served with our other entree's). 
When we finished our appetizers, the waiter came back to inform us that one  entree ordered wasn't actually available. This was at least 30 mins after the order was placed. 
The staff didn't know where any of their patrons food was going, so our food was sent first to another table, then to the host, and finally to our table. When the entrees arrived (all separately, and after each course had taken a loop around the restaurant to various wrong tables), the entree that had wrongly come as an appetizer was missing. In addition, the staff could not identify which of our orders was "well done", which we gave up on trying to figure out.
Since it took about 15 mins to recover the missing entree, we were told this item would be comped from our bill. In addition, we were given complimentary desserts. When the bill came, the "complimentary" desserts (which were miraculously not even good; and really, how can dessert not be good) were charged to us, though the MIA-entree seemed to be taken off. 
At long last, this too was corrected.
The experience was one of the worst in our collective dining history. We hope you don't dine here!Stop by after reading on Google that it is new hot restaurant in Downtown Philliy. Nice modern interior but I was the only customer on that nice Sunday afternoon. Ordered a cocktail and and tuna tacos. Cocktail was pretty good, but tacos was tasteless and tuna was not fresh. Don't think I am coming back.Let's start with the atmosphere. You couldn't pick a better place to enjoy the fresh air when the front windows are fully open and the 2nd floor bar has their windows and roof open. A very mixed crowd of yuppies, casual foodies and up n comers. All in all, a very comfortable setting.
The food was pretty great. I had the Filet and it was cooked to a perfect medium rare, which I rarely see. The pork belly was divine and the cocktails were fantastic. The bar selection is the only gripe I have. Only 5 bottled beers? Only 1 scotch?  They really need to expand this part of their menu. My wife has the slamon, which she loved and the beet salad, which was also amazing.Super cute French restaurant! I came here for dinner with my boyfriend on a Friday night (make reservations in advance) around 7:30 pm. They offered to check our coats when we came in, which was nice. I LOVE the interior #aesthetic of this place... super cute wallpaper, marble tables, chandeliers and ivy-type plants hanging from the ceiling. Modern, chic and classy. The table we sat at was oddly long though, you feel kind of far away from the person sitting across from you. 
Our waiter, Eddy, was really attentive, patient and served us with grace. My boyfriend had two Old Fashions and I had a glass of the Minervois. 
We ordered the cheese plate and deep fried brussel sprouts to share... cheese plate was pretty standard, but the brussel sprouts were great! Crispy on the outside, meaty on the inside, yum! 
My boyfriend ordered the salmon (other disappointing factor was he wanted to order the mussels, but they were all out! Uh, random?) and was pleased, I didn't try it. He was asked how he wanted it cooked, which I've never heard someone ask about salmon before. 
I had the scallops and I was REALLY pleased. You never know what you're getting into with scallops, honestly. Most people don't get them right and often at these type of restaurants they give you, like, two, and a plate full of other stuff #skimpingonscallops. But this place gives you FOUR (it's under the 'small plates' so I was surprised) really big scallops and they were done really well. 
I wouldn't call them perfect, but, they had a nice crisp on the outside, were tender and meaty on the inside without being too slimy and definitely not overdone. It comes in a very light, brothy type sauce, I can't remember what it was. We opted out for dessert.
I'd definitely come here again for another date night dinner or I can imagine it's a good vibe for brunch.Had a great time here tonight hanging out with a friend over drinks and appetizers, and gabbing occasionally with other customers at the bar. Our bartender, Zach, was absolutely fabulous. In fact, he was so fabulous that his service distracted me from a few "fumbles" by other staffers. It will be interesting to see if the experience is as enjoyable with another bartender. Great ambiance overall for drinks and banter with friends.So much potential here.  First of all, the space is beautiful and ambiance higher end, two things sorely lagging behind in Philly's impressive restaurant scene.  Beyond that, the concepts are good but execution and menu are not quite up to par in my opinion.  Had drinks and dinner last night, The cocktails were innovative, well made, and reasonable considering the quality of the space.  Dinner was a mixed bag.  The cheese plate appetizer was very good, but curious in that it lacked nuts, had 3 types of mundane store bought crackers, Ritz, Town House and Club (kind of shocked at that), and three thin slices of somewhat stale bread.  To see a Ritz cracker on that plate was somewhat surreal.  For mains, I had the well recommended pork shank while my companion had the lamb slices.  The lamb was mundane, but the pork was outstanding.  Only problem was the pork was served a la carte, where it was supposed to include a vegetable, so I guess they forgot.  Prices for the quality of food are not bad considering the beauty of the space, but many diners will complain that the food is overpriced.  I would agree that it is overpriced until the quality rises, but that is to be expected as the restaurant matures, and that is why the word potential fits well here.  It will never get to 5 stars as long as sides are being forgotten and Ritz crackers are found anywhere in the building.
     I want to love this place.  Let's hope they can get the kinks worked out in the near future and we will have another gem in a city of great food spots.Just awesome! We started at the upstairs lounge for about an hour and had some drinks before being called down for our reservation. They are big on wine here and we ended up ordering 2 fantastic bottles of wine.  The oysters to start and fish for entree were  fantastic.  Also the chef came out at the end to chat and say hello.  Awesome spot! Great food! Good lounge! Will definitely come back again.I've been looking forward to eating at Maison 208...with all of the media coverage and hype surrounding it's opening....I must say it has definitely been worth the wait...I had the Dewey burger and it was one of the best burger's I've had...the ambiance, food and signature drinks are top notch...I'm definitely looking forward to enjoying more meals at Maison 208.Stopped in for a drink on our way to dinner. The atmosphere is great the bar is very nice, however if you are going to charge  $15 for cocktails you should know how to make them properly.  A whiskey sour (which I drink often) and a house cocktail was near undrinkable.Our first experience at Maison 208 was quite enjoyable. We dined downstairs, and the atmosphere was fresh, airy, and exactly what I enjoy in the summer. You're greeted by very welcoming hosts when you arrive. The staff seemed knowledgeable and on top of things without being overbearing. We never felt rushed. We even had a pleasant conversation with Sylva when he had some spare time, which I thought was very kind of him. 
The food and drinks encompassed summer flavors excellently. There was far more on the menu that I look forward to trying, which I find impressive as the menu isn't overly extensive. The cocktails are creative and appealing, and I was intrigued by the "orange" section of the wine list. The Lucy Margaux Semillon was something new to me, and I will definitely be ordering it again. For dinner we had the crab cake, the kobe lollipops, the chilled tomato soup, the salmon, and the burger with a side of fries. The crab cake was well-seasoned and crispy. The lollipops could have used a touch more salt, and I couldn't distinguish much of the beef flavor, but they were still tasty and had a nice texture. The tomato soup perfectly sums up summer in a bowl. It was refreshing, vibrant, and flavorful. I would order it again and again. The salmon was crispy and its accompaniments were fresh; all were well-seasoned. My husband raved about the burger. It was cooked perfectly and the flavors were simple but spot on. It's nice to get a burger that focuses on the meat rather than the mounds of other things on top. The fries were cooked and seasoned well, nothing revolutionary, but good. 
For dessert, we ordered the chocolate cake, the banana creme brulee, and the passion fruit sorbet. The chocolate cake, though this molten version has been done many times over, was rich and the perfect size--clearly a classic for a reason. The creme brulee had a pleasant assortment of textures, and I enjoyed that the banana flavor wasn't overpowering. We often find creme brulee to be a bit lackluster, but this one was one of the best. We found ourselves pairing it with the passion fruit sorbet, and the punch of tartness took it to the next level. I highly recommend ordering it that way. 
Overall, the staff were welcoming and helpful, the menu was thoughtful, approachable, and well-executed, and the atmosphere was fresh, playful, and relaxed. We are looking forward to returning regularly, and we will definitely be back soon to hang out upstairs. Worth a visit!This review is solely on the atmosphere and the cocktails. 
I met couple of my friends last Friday night and I was very impressed! The atmosphere is so chic and clean! At first I was kind of sad that they didn't really have a "roof top" bar per say but I realized it was better that way. The roof is partially open so it kind of felt like we are on a roof top without being too windy or hot. I only got one cocktail here which was a reasonable price. I really want to try their food here (even though my friends ate here before I got there and said the FF was too salty). I cannot wait to go back to try their food!I have to say... I was disappointed.  I'll try to keep this short.
Bartender was extremely slow and in experienced.  She had to ask the owner/manager for everything.
Tables are set too close together.  No matter how much I pulled my chair in, I was constantly bumped by customers or wait staff.
Service was friendly but not exactly the most experienced.
Food was wonderful though.  Beautiful presentation and delicious.
I hope they improve and wish them the best of luck.  I don't think I would go back...Walking by, saw that the restaurant was really trendy. Spontaneously got in to dine but was extremely disappointed. Food is well decorated and is insta worthy but taste was :( Gnocchi had no taste and pulled pork sandwich was awful. Also had couple of sides which was just okay. Mimosa was also odd. In summary, my stars are basically for the atmosphere and food deco.Wow.....after reading they lost a great chef right before a interview for this place....was for a reason. The hosted when I entered had a mouthful of food....she actually had to turn around. Her plate of food is sitting on the host stand! Gross! Also makes you think what place would do this or hey if your employee needs a break to eat go let them eat for a quick bite in tbe back.  Totally floored as the hiring manager is asking me questions I had to stop him and explain my experience at the door.....why would I want to work here? Good bye!Went Friday with my girlfriend for her birthday. We were walking and the inside decor caught our attention. The place was pretty busy but a gentleman at the door with a beard helped us find seats at the downstairs bar. I got the salmon which was yummy and a Prosecco orang drink off the menu. It's uncommon on a busy Friday that you get such great service at the bar but our server was great. My girlfriends from work and I were just talking about going Saturday to enjoy the retractable roof. Definitely a good find in the neighborhoodA few weeks ago, my friends and I finally made a reservation for dinner at Maison 208 after months of eyeing the construction from a friends apartment window. When only 3 of us showed up on time, they alerted us that we could only be seated when our full party arrived (fair). As our fourth member had been held up at work, after 20 minutes we asked if we could be seated and begin ordering. The manager very kindly admitted that the table wasn't ready yet and they were running behind, so he offered to take us to the upstairs and get us situated with drinks on the house as we waited for our table. Fantastic customer service. 
It didn't take long before our table was ready and we began perusing the food menu. We ordered the truffle fries, corn bread pudding, crab cake, pork shoulder, and the meatballs (there's a fancier name for these but it's escaping me at the moment). Everything was delicious! I think the corn pudding was my favorite, which was a complete surprise. The pork shoulder was HUGE, definitely enough for all of us to share along with the other smaller items. The crab cake was great - I've had better, but I'll admit that I'm bit spoiled when it comes to crab cakes. And of course you can't go without dessert - we shared the banana creme brulee and it was the perfect ending to our meal!
I can't wait to come back here and try the upstairs menu for happy hour. All of the cocktails looks super unique and delicious - we tried 3 and shared (the dirty margarita won). And of course, the space and atmosphere is just gorgeous - nothing else like it in the area. Maison 208 has been added to my rotation of restaurants in Philly!