I love this place SO MUCH, I drive several miles out of my way when going to New Jersey just to get a veggie combo Manakeesh. The z'atar is so fresh and makes the Manakeesh extra yummy. I also have gotten a few different smoothies from here as well, made fresh and absolutely delicious! You won't be disappointed.Neat find in University city.  The most beautiful pastries I have ever seen!I have been coming here for a couple of years now. It is my absolute favorite cafe in all of the city. It is inexpensive. You can come here just for the freshest dessert and a sharing pot of traditional mint tea (GOOD crepes, waffles and fruit, mamoul, baklava, smoothies) or for a complete meal (rice, meat, pita, salad, the most delicious hummus ever, and more)
There also make espresso drinks. One of the rare places that do a lot and still do it well.
The ambiance is relaxing and cozy. It is well decorated, tasteful, but casual. No matter when I go, it is always bustling with mixed clientele from all backgrounds.  It dies down for a moment during prayer time at the mosque down the road. There is also outdoor seating for when Winter finally gives up on harassing us. It's a great place to hang out for hours and no one will judge you if you break out a deck of cards (n case anyone was wondering). There is also free wifi.
It is a very successful business, and I hope it stays around for good!Overall the food is excellent. It is astonishingly close to what one would find in the Middle East. The baklawa (or baklava) is incredible.The falafel sandwich was tasty but was not stuffed properly and was too bready. The fries were cold, underdone, soggy, and worst of all, contained bits of chicken in them (I'm vegan). My friend ordered a Shish taouq platter and the staff required a reminder to make her side of freshly baked pita, which was probably the best part of our meal.  There was a polite employee who looked new who told us to take our time as we glossed over the menu. His coworker/Manager looked at him and snidely said "don't tell them that, we close in one hour" while we were still standing there. That some pretty ironic customer service training, lol. This place has excellent reviews, and perhaps on a good day this place can be excellent, but my experience tonight was subpar from all ends.I was craving a Chicken Tawook wrap from Saad's they were closed. Decided to go to this establishment and saw something similar on the menu. It was definitely not what I expected. I did not like it at all & it was nothing like Saad's.I've been here twice for take out. Both times they messed up my order. The first time I let it slide. The second time I asked for a refund. They refused. So, I did a chargeback. Caveat emptor: if you order food here, and they mess it up, they do not want to accept responsibility.Manakeesh is just a beautiful space to sit, have a great conversation, drink their excellent Turkish coffee, and indulge in their really great home-made sweets.  The food and drink are four stars, but it's the bright, airy space and the really lush decor that make this place five stars for me.  I miss living in the neighborhood!Worth the price, as always. Their vegetarian options are just as good as their meat options, and although it gets busy, splitting a platter with a friend can be a fun dinner experience. I ordered pick up for the falafel platter for a friend and he enjoyed every bite. They hand make their bread right in front of you so you know that when you eat it, dipped in hummus or whatever you get, it will be light and delicious.
The bakery on the side has its own name, but their smoothies are fresh too, and they have super authentic baklava, mamool, and other treats. Also great crepes.I absolutely love this place.  The food is light and filling.  I was hesitant because I had never ordered anything like this before but, I found myself craving it.Good food, shitty service. Women on the breakfast side know nothing of customer service.Love this place! Great flatbreads and baked goods for a cheap priceI wanted to experience a bunch of different restaurants while I am in Philly but I keep coming back here. Everyone who works here is super nice which is very important to me, but the food is just amazing! I have tried the Lamh Bajeen and the Kafta. Both were perfectly spiced and huge! They come with dill pickles inside unless you specifically ask not too. The Kafta came with dill pickles,  but the woman at the register asked if I wanted to try Lebanese pickles on the Bajeen. They just call them pink pickles and they taste like a mix between radish and turnip and, of course, pickled. It's sooo good. The wraps are huge and extremely filling. I ate one around 9 am and didn't need to eat until around 6 pm.  Did I mention they were huge?
I also had the Baklava and the Shortbread cookie with pistachios. The Baklava was rich and flaky and not overly soaked with syrup so it wasn't sickening-ly  sweet. The cookie was great too. Do yourself a favor and try the Turkish Coffee. I got it sweet and snuck in some cream which I am sure would appall someone but the spices were exotic but not overpowering. Thoroughly a great experience!Stopped into this hidden gem the other night for their 1st anniversary party and was amazed! Not only was the service excellent, the food was awesome! Best baklava I have ever eaten in my life!My friend talked up Manakeesh for a long time and I finally got to try it today. I got the falafel platter with salad and hummus. Falafel was out of this world - crisp, flavorful, and filling. Staff was also very polite. Would recommendwhen it comes to my experience, with Manakeesh, I would say it was Very good, only because of the best middle eastern food I have come across
When I walked in, it looked like a typical middle eastern bakery (btw they also have a juice bar, didn't order anything but I like the idea of it), crammed with a lot of tables, all of which were occupied.
We gave the order, and as this was a self service, so had to stand and wait. 
The food was pretty great, especially their pita bread which was freshly baked.
Now, to be true I am 3 months late in writing this review and so I don't really remember what I had ordered but I only remember the experience, which was great. Well isn't this the least we expect when we try a new place ?What a wonderful, wonderful addition to the neighborhood! I could not be more thrilled with this place. Where to start? Manakeesh is a beautiful space - the decor is wonderful, complete with tapestries made from kids' artwork generated at Al-Bustan camps. The staff was incredibly friendly - my partner and I were approached by the owner and two separate staff members who wanted to know about our experience. The lattes are amazing - I am quite the latte drinker, and this was the tastiest I've had in my life aside from La Colombe. The pastries are beautiful and delicious - all are baked on site, and their baklava rivals the trays my partners' mom special orders from Detroit. And finally the Manakeesh -  YUM! My partner had the lahm bajeen and was completely impressed - he is used to delicious arabic food, as his mom and aunt are wonderful cooks, so this is saying something! I (sinfully) had the nutella banana combo, which I loved as well. All in all, this place made our Saturday morning perfect, and will spice up many more mornings and evenings to come!I like Manakeesh- I've eaten there a couple of times as it is open later than some other restaurants in the area. Today I checked out the market area. I purchased some pita and some candies. 
While everything there looked delicious (definitely want to try the smoothies) the selection of items seemed very random and slightly sold out. I would come back again but not necessarily just to do my shopping. Plus side, they do have HUGE containers of Nutella.Awesome spot, great food and very affordable. The people there were very nice as well. We got the falafel and some great beef dish.Tea, Manakeesh and baklawa are good; However, any thing els is not. Shawrma, falafel, konafa... ect. Non of these tastes as goog as it should. The fisrt time i ate there i thought "god, i'm gonna miss home if all resturants are this way"Very nice place, food is great and wonderful atmosphere. Will be returning soon to try the bakery, smoothies and some more of the dishes.Truly authentic levantine Arabic food. Absolutely the best zaatar bread I have ever eaten. And it's not my first rodeo - I've made it at home and sampled the best of Brooklyn Paterson and New Brunswick. The pastries  are justly rated the best of Philadelphia.3...2...1... Lift off! Another ZOMG experience!
I can't believe it took us this long to give Manakeesh a try. We had past by it so many times, and I had wondered about it. Having "bakery" in their title is a little deceiving. I was under the impression that it was a place for deserts and maybe breads, but not so much for a meal. Boy was I wrong.
I started with this orange and cream, creamsicle like, tasting drink. It was pretty tasty. Although, it was way better when it was full then it was once it was drained and the ice started melting in it. For some reason, it didn't maintain the perfect flavor from start to finish. And, I did not take long to suck it down.
Next, I had the Shawarma Manakeesh with salad added. I was really glad I added the salad. I did not realize it, but Manakeesh is a large pita like bread folded like a taco and stuffed with the filling of your choice. In this case, it was filled with Shawarma. Had I not added salad, it would have been a meat with some onions and tomatoes and not much else sandwich. Adding the salad was key. All this said, it was awesome. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. I practically devoured this monster sized taco in ten minutes.
My wife got Veggie Manakeesh and added hummus. She really enjoyed it too.
We also shared a side of Baba Ghannouj. It was made to perfection. It was so tasty. $3.75 for the portion we got was a little more than it should be, but it's hard to complain considering the quality and how inexpensive the Manakeesh  sandwiches were.
Then, there was the deserts. We got a little crazy. We decided to share three deserts. We got the Black Forrest Cake, Tiramisu, and an eclair with strawberries in the middle looking desert. Now, these are not what you would expect, as they have a middle eastern flair/interpretation to them. The Tiramisu was okay, a little disappointing only because I like the traditional style so much and this did not live up to it. It wasn't bad though. The eclair thing was pretty good, but also not great. The Black Forrest, however, was the real winner. The cake was moist and tasty. The cream in it was nearly perfect. The fruit, which was not your typical raspberry, was great. I think it was mango and something else, but I am not certain. But whatever, it was awesome. And the chocolate sprinkled on it was delish.
All in all, this is an excellent spot and I will be back many times.830pm and they're willing to charge me for a cup of coffee; lady says coffee was made before her shift (apparently begins at 4pm). Said she would not make a fresh pot of coffee, even though it's almost 5 hours stale. Overhyped place !Good food. Pita and flat bread is worth dealing with the poor service. One item was ready 15 minutes sooner than the other and the employees just kept saying 3 more minutes.When I finally entered the physical building of Manakeesh (having walked by it several dozen times and ordering manakeeshes for lunch delivery), I was pleasantly impressed with the cozy cafe. You do go up to a counter to place your order, but the dishes are brought out to you. The walls leading up to its vaulted ceiling are adorned with tapestries. If you'd like, you can even seat yourself on a couch and kick back until dinner is served.
It seems silly to mention but their condiments and utensils were very neatly organized by the front door. I love a place that supplies lots of sauces to dress the dish to your taste!
This time I ordered the delicious  grilled veggie manakeesh. It was just filling enough for a small person's dinner. I mean to come back and try all manners of their manakeesh!I decided to give Manakeesh a try after receiving a coupon. I'm so glad I did!!!! My husband and I CRAVE their food every day. It's delicious. They are simple, yet to-die-for. We always take out-of-towners there for an amazing lunch.Best place to get middle eastern food. This is my place to eat breakfast and lunch when I'm in Philly. Really good food! Recommend.Manakeesh is a great place to go for an inexpensive but filling meal! All of the manakeesh (flatbreads) are the size of a small pizza, and the bread itself is very well made and delicious. My first time here was for breakfast, so I ordered a sausage and egg manakeesh (without cheese, which it normally comes with). Turns out not having cheese makes the other toppings fall off pretty easily, and overall I found my manakeesh too dry. Luckily, I stole some bites of my friends' non-breakfast manakeesh, which I liked enough to return several times after that day. My favorites that I've tried are the kafta (ground beef and lamb) and the tawook (marinated chicken with garlic sauce). I also love the nutella wrap, which has some hazelnut crunchiness and is absolutely delicious.
I recommend going with a few friends so you can share a few manakeesh and try different toppings!Food was ok  the service was horrible   but I gave it a 3 because of there traditional decor and clothing #chicA great range of food reasonably priced in a welcoming atmosphere.
This is a great place to go with friends and order several dishes to share.  We had the falafel, the kofta and others.   All were good. Delightfully fresh and abundant.  
It's cafeteria style but they do bring the orders to your table and the staff is friendly and seem proud and happy to be there. 
The desserts are also great and don't forget the tea with fresh mint.I have been there couple times and all the time there was a same cashier who has beard. He is very RUDE person!!!!!A great place for middle eastern food. A real nice atmosphere to sit and eat, and it's even better now that they've added the ice cream parlor. I've eaten there a few times and had the zaatar manakeesh, the veggie, and the nutella wrap. All were delicious and very filling. Also had the baklava and that was one of the best I've had in the city.It's nothing special, but it's quality food if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and are in the area. We enjoyed the flatbreads and lentil soup.Great food, tried there version of Philly cheese steak sandwich.. It was greatThis was a delightful find. I appreciated the enjoyable casual atmosphere with many different food/drink items to choose. You can go in for a quick bite for breakfast/lunch/dinner or enjoy their wonderful dessert and coffee/ tea selection at any time. I also got the impression that this a popular hangout for small groups of friends to get together or for students to get work done. 
 My friend and I split the zaatar manakeesh and the chicken shawarma platter.
The zaatar manakeesh was rich in flavor and fresh. I loved the oregano and sumac seasoning! As for the chicken shawarma. The hummus was to die for, so fresh. The chicken was juicy in the inside and a bit charred on the outside, which gave it a nice contrast and flavor. The Lebanese salad was also fresh. The cucumbers had the perfect crunch and I liked the high concentrate of lemon and garlic flavoring.
I wish I tried dessert, but due to the large portion sizes we were stuffed. I'd like to emphasize this place has reasonable prices and is generous in their portions. The baklava looked amazing. Maybe someday I'll be in the area again to try it :).
Please check out this place, your tastebuds will thank you.The Kafta manakeesh and hummus is an all time favorite, trying the beef schawarma tonight! the atmosphere is great for meeting friends or to catch up on some reading. The owner is great and they definitely aim to please. Since I Started this review I have tried other dishes and all have been dee-lish. If you are in the mood for this type of cuisine, Manakeesh will not disappoint. They also have a nice selection of Mediterranean pasties/sweets.Disclaimer: I've only had one item here, but it was incredible. Get the tea. I had their house black tea and they put mint leaves in it!! Mint. Leaves. It was so good, I wish I had gotten a whole pot of tea. I also had the baklava and (it was pistachio or walnut) it was so yummy. I wish I had gotten a few more. Not the best place if you want to get work done, but I was catching up with a friend. Good vibes.The Zaatar Labneh Manakeesh is AMAZING, but does not deliver well AT ALL. This, I should have known.
They also forgot my order of Fattoush :( 
I'm still waiting for the restaurant or GrubHub to refund me my money. The awful delivery experience is the reason for the 3 stars. Besides that, the food was great and I'll eat-in next time for sure.This is one of our very favorite restaurants. The kids love the egg and cheese manakeesh and the labneh zaatar is my favorite. Very family friendly place with friendly staff and customers. Though as often as we eat there, we also take out!I unfortunately did not try their dessert but have heard only good things about it. However, I did get to try their manakeesh (Lebanese flatbread), their kafta manakeesh was great and I am usually not a fan of red meat. They have a large variety and brought out our food quickly. 
The manakeesh flatbreads are fairly big, you can easily split one amongst 2-3 people.
A very casual Middle Eastern spot with good food.Amazing.  Some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had.
Always delicious, always a nice atmosphere, best baklava.
Not always the best service--they mixed up my takeout order once, and another time forgot the hummus I'd ordered.  But, it's really cheap, so I didn't care too much.
Worth the trek out to West Philly.I love hanging out in their garden, sipping some tea and snacking on their delicious cookies and treats.Manakeesh is one of my favorite places in Philly to hang out at all day. The selection of food and drinks makes it a one stop shop to either hang around and drink coffee/tea or eat a full meal. Or stay for hours and do both! I spent a few months in Lebanon and this is a quality Lebanese establishment (their fruit smoothies are even named after neighborhoods in Beirut!). 
Food: The Baklava is cheap and especially tasty. It is not overly syrupy like many I've had are. Some prefer the syrup covering but personally I feel like it overpowers the pastry. I also had a spinach flatbread which was a tasty pizza like combination of cheese and spinach. 
Drink: I have gotten their coffee which is quite tasty. I prefer though, to get a full teapot of their Arabic style tea and laze around. If you have not had Arabic style tea, with the flavors of cardamon and the lemon in it, head to Manakeesh right now. 
Atmosphere: This is where Manakeesh beats out its similar competitors- it is an enjoyable place to sit around for hours. The falafel at Saads may be better, but it has the feeling of a fast food joint, and Kaffa Crossing is a nice laid back coffee house, but it leave a small bit to be desired. And I will take coffee at Manakeesh over the dungeon-like conditions of Green Line Cafe every day. 
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, go to Manakeesh!I highly recommend this place! For coffee, lunch, dinner, dessert, great every time. The baklava is mouthwatering.I live midway between Philadelphia and Allentown;our two big cities in eastern PA with some decent  middle eastern population, so I decided to go break my fast at Manakeesh due to the high reviews here
Being a middle eastern myself and being in many middle eastern restaurants  , I give this place the following
Atmosphere: Awesome; very classy lighting and ceiling reminds you of the big capitols like Cairo or Beirut
Food: Ok....clean, fresh, and in decent quantities but not the wow-taste, I gave a big A to their Juice and milke shake bar.......it was excellent
Service: a little clumsy and need some order....served main course before appetizers and other things
Prices: Very good for the served quantities
It's an average place.....traveled 45 miles to try but I still prefer the  ACI halal of Allentown and the Kebab Cafe of Wayne, PAI would definitely recommend the lemonade, which is fresh and tart. I ordered the vegetable manakeesh. The flat bread was chewy, although next time I might take up the offer for cheese on top (it was a bit plain) or maybe I'll try the kafta manakeesh instead.
The falafel wrap was huge, quite a bit larger than that served at hummus grill in University City (and wrapped in housemade pita/flatbread). Good ambience and prices, but not blown away by the food!Manakeesh is a great place to eat most of the time, but it can be a long wait, and they can sometimes be stingy with the meat they put on the manakeesh that you order. The prices seem to have gone up recently, but it's still pretty affordable. Pictured here is the lamb manakeesh.I've heard so many good things about this place that I decided to stop in... big mistake! I'm not sure how this place has such a high ranking with the rude ass employees and the mediocre food.
I gave the place two stars only because two of the four things I ordered were half-way decent.
Even before I had the chance to actually taste the food - the guy who took my order was unnecessarily rude. I almost walked right out of there but I had just texted my friend that I was stopping by their house afterward with food from Manakeesh. If I hadn't been so specific in my message - I could have just stopped by Chipotle and called it a day.
Rude people, lack luster food, dingy dining = major FAILdelicious authentic lebanese food in the heart of west philly! 
My husband and I used to go here a lot when he lived in the area. 
Good prices, really nice dining area. Great to eat-in!
they also have a large array of delicious desserts. 
I would highly recommend!I visited this bakery for the first time, and I was so pleased to find great baklava and friendly staff members!Have been a regular since 2011 and love it! Their Baklava is phenomenal, the freshest I have ever eaten. It is paired well with a Moroccan Mint Tea. Try the Turkish Coffee too if you enjoy a stronger caffeine hit. Love the way it's served. 
They are known for their flat breads, I am a huge fan of the Tawook. They also serve crepes and smoothies. Great place for Brunch or dinner, but I really like going there during the late afternoon to catch up with friends over teaBEST DESSERTS IN UNIVERSITY CITY. amazing baklavas, i especially love the pistachio ones! it's impossible to decide from all the baklavas available, so i'd recommend to just order all and share with a few friends!
the manakeesh were hit-and-miss - chicken was good, but the shrimp was too salty, spinach and cheese was good, but the lamb was strange. (do order and eat here, a manakeesh tastes best freshly baked, not sitting around in a takeout box)
excellent service all round, and this is a very feel-good place that's great for when you want to study, eat, or just relax with friends.
two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!A little bit of everything! And everything with great presentation. It's a bit noisy and messy but worthy it for a unique place to eat really quick.Their crepes are the best! Both sweet and savory options'll leave you indecisive and wanting to try both. Cool, hip atmosphere. Family friendly, college student friendly and tourist friendly. My favorite little spot in PhillyWe used a Yelp deal tonight after hearing rave reviews of this great West Philly spot from an Egyptian friend who swears the baklawa is the best in the city. Because we visited during Ramadan, the restaurant wasn't taking food orders until 8:15pm, after sundown. We hopped onto the very busy line -- we were lucky to get one of only a couple unreserved tables in the restaurant -- and ordered fool, batata, and one each of the combo (zatar & cheese) and kafta manakeesh. I grabbed a fresh lemonade and my partner got a mint yogurt drink from the case. 
The wait was long, but I think that was mostly because the folks who were there to break their fast had ordered their food ahead. At sundown, we were all served one date, to break the fast with something sweet, and then other tables started getting their food. The special lamb kebabs looked great! 
Our food took about 35 minutes to come. The waiter was very apologetic, and I knew they were unusually busy for the holiday. The fool came first, and it was awesome. A few minutes later the manakeesh came, with our order of batata off to the side. The batata was not amazing; they turned out to be roasted diced potatoes with a faint taste of garlic and cilantro, and I thought they could have used a bit of salt. The manakeesh were AWESOME, though, and don't get me started on the baklawa we took home for later.... We'll definitely be back!Can't ask for better kebabs, dessert and then Turkish coffee. Parking may be challenging. Great foodManakeesh is a great place. 
Ordered the chicken wrap and it is enormous. I ordered a tabouli and a flat bread along with the wrap and didn't even touch either. I took them to go and ate each later in the day. The flat bread was perfect. Definitely freshly made. The tabouli wasn't anything to write home about, it was average. 
I got the chicken wrap with hummus and garlic sauce and it was really, really good. I was completely stuffed after word. 
One more thing: the baklava is out of this word. All the other pastries aren't good but the pastry chef NAILED it with the baklava. 
The restaurant is nice and there seems to be a lot of college students that come in to eat and study. Good place, definitely recommend.I have been a Manakeesh loyal customer for two years now. There are many reasons, but let me enumerate just a few:
1. The food! Delicious Lebanese food. Baklava is ooey gooey honeyed and crumbly goodness. The falafel is spicy and nutty and delicious. The chicken and beef and lamb is always tender and spiced very well. And the manakeesh itself? Really good...interesting taste combinations, huge portions, good prices.
2. The service. The people here are so so kind, and receptive, and really have built a feeling of family business in the place. You enter and feel very at home. They're also great to regulars--I have a few people there who never fail to remember my name or ask how I am, and it's such a good feeling.
3. The decor--it's beautiful and atmospheric, and in summer, you can sit outside or next door in Bliss, the smoothie bar, and do work or just lounge and chat with a friend if you want. How great!
Some drawbacks are that not all dishes are going to suit your tastes--I've had some mankeeshes that I'm just not into. The pita is always a little dry and thin and almost powdery for my liking. And I wouldn't rave about the hummus or the baba ganoush--it tastes pretty generic, although the portions are, again, great. 
Still, though. Manakeesh is a gem. All my friends have visited with me and been amazed and enchanted. The tea is also fantastic, and piping hot. Also they do baklava making classes! Come on, how could you NOT stop by and see what it's all about?This place has amazing manakeesh (manakeeshes?). There's also an area with smoothies which is great. But the real gem here is the hummus. I like it on pita with sriracha.Went here again and decided it's actually pretty good - especially the dessert cakes! It is definitely pricey though.I come to this place very often for dinner and have tried their pizzas and kebabs they are delicious. Also my favorite is the Nutella and banana ,strawberry crepes with fresh smoothies. It's a must try.. U won't regret.Overall good place that makes their own pitas. Some of the dishes are less than stellar and preparation can be a bit slow, but still one of the better spots in west philly.A friend recommended us to come here. We arrived around 8:40 and ordered the chicken shawarma platter. It was a busy night apparently, and we ended up waiting around 40 minutes. However, they were super kind, and gave us free baklava as an apology for the wait. Normally i am not a huge baklava fan, but this one was really good! The chicken shawarma platter was also really delicious, and the hummus was one of the best we have ever had!Quite possibly my all-time favorite place in Philadelphia!  It's taken me so long to write a review only because I've been hoping to keep this place all to myself, but I see from the other reviews that my secret is out!
Manakeesh is an incredible place with delicious food, friendly people, and a unique ambience.  It's a great place to spend the day, catching up with friends, and trying all the amazing desserts in the display case, one by one.  The Combo & Veggies Manakeesh is my favorite of their savory options, and I love the Walnut Maamoul.  
On top of all that, the people at Manakeesh are incredibly nice, and you feel like family as soon as you walk in the door.  Keep up the great work, Manakeesh!It was my first time eating here today. I called and ordered manakeesh for pick up. Their service was amazing from the second they answered the phone until I left!My life has been changed by their fruit smoothies. It was good enough to merit signing into Yelp and seriously, who utilizes Yelp for good things?Best food in the neighborhood by far - from desserts to beverages to wraps. Their cafe is wonderful, and so are the ladies working there.  
The customer service on the restaurant side isn't the best, however. They have several menus up online which list items they no longer make and prices they don't honor. In fact, they often charge several dollars higher than their listed prices, so be careful when ordering from their website. I always inform the men working about this issue, but they blatantly don't care.This is my favorite West Philly place for food. Wish they were open 24-7.
1. Large variety of baklavah, all of which are amazing. Cashews, pistachios, walnuts, and more. Not too sticky. Not too sweet. Just perfection in tiny bitesize packages. The take-out pre-packaged containers are also fabulous for bringing to dinner parties etc.
2. Cheese Manakeesh. (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manakish). In other words, delicious flavorful dough topped with delicious spices and yummy cheese. 
3. Zaatar Manakeesh. Sumac! Thyme! And other delicious ingredients. 
4. Grape leaves. As a pescetarian, it's always exciting to have grape leaves that I can eat. These don't disappoint
5. Combo Manakeesh. Why choose between two amazing options when you can have it all?
6. The salad is delightful and fresh and imho, delicious--very lemon-y and garlicky. Stay away if you don't like lemon and garlic.
7. The people are always super friendly and nice.
8. The falafel is also really good. I prefer getting the manakeesh that are laid flat so I taste more of the amazing dough. But If I were in a falafel kind of mood, Manakeesh is totally where I'd go. 
I've had the shrimp manakeesh which was fine but I'm more partial to the cheese and zaatar ones. I think I was expecting larger shrimp and these are small.Worst customer service!! Just ordered delivery. Food arrived so late, order was wrong, and customer service was even worst. Never going there or recommending this place to anyone!.If you could give more than five stars to a place this would be it. I drive from DC to come here! The decorations and atmosphere are beautiful. It's extremely clean and run by very good guys. The food is absolutely excellent from the manakeesh to the amazing smoothies and sweets that you can only get here they can customize everything to your taste. One of Philly's finest.Very clean, friendly customer service - just an acquired taste!  I'd visit again though!The food is good, but I have issues with their service. I ordered just a schwarma (a sandwich), to go, nothing else, and it took over an hour.  Their waiter would twist the cook's arm to make him food immediately, there was no regard or consideration towards addressing my order, and I'd see patrons come and go while waiting for just one sandwich.  The cook supplies the waiter with food quickly, yes, but completely ignores customers who want food to go.I highly recommend this restaurant they have fresh and delicious food and great customer service.
I am definitely coming back soonI come here and spend my precious cash at least once a week. This place is a gem of West Philadelphia. Fantastic, flavorful flatbreads, absolutely beautiful deserts, the best lemonade in the northeast and the sweetest staff. Plus wifi  and a beautiful atmosphere.
And they are attached to the best smoothie place I have ever been to and the cutest new natural foods neighborhood market. This place is really a model for amazing food service.To preface this, my friend absolutely loved the meal when we went. Personally, I really thought it was about average, and not really worth the hike out to 44th and Walnut and the crappy service.
We waited over 30 minutes after being seated *before* we could even order, so I wouldn't come here hungry. I would also suggest to check your bill as ours was incorrect at first.I happened by Manakeesh one afternoon and was struck by the building facade.  Upon looking inside, I made a note to comeback with at least one friend in tow.  It didn't take much convincing to find a good friend to see what the bakery had to offer in terms of Lebanese food.
A friend and I stopped in for breakfast and coffee, a welcome break from the usual Saxby's fare.  Both of us were impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the decor, which highlighted Lebanon.  
The food, in a word, is heaven.  I had the Manakeesh (flat-bread sandwich) Combo.  It was a mixture of thyme and cheese.  While deceptively simple, the sandwich was full of flavor and the flat-bread inspiring.  Other than my more traditional morning meal of Bagels and Lox, it's been a long search for that perfect and filling breakfast.  Filling, but not heavy, Manakeesh (available with honey, cracked wheat and tomato paste, fresh veggies, et al) is a must.
You haven't lived until you've tried one.  For the meat-eater, Sujuk is delicious.  You could play it safe and stick to more traditional American breakfast fillings, but I doubt that you'd want to after experiencing the other flavors.
If that isn't enough to make you want to head for 44th, the nice, friendly, and caring staff coupled with the available wi-fi will surely make it more difficult to resist.  You won't be sorry for seeking out the Manakeesh Bakery.  In fact, it's so good, I have a new favorite place to go in the mornings.It's high time I review Manakeesh, my favorite neighborhood (and potentially favorite EVER)  place-to-get-food. I don't want to call it a cafe, because I don't usually get beverages here (although they do make a killer chai latte). I also don't want to call it a bakery, because bakeries don't usually make amazing sandwiches (although they do make incredible cookies). I don't want to call it a sandwich shop, because it's not exactly sandwiches in the traditional sense...freshly-made, perfectly crisp yet doughy flatbreads with a boatload of fillings (both meat and veggie-friendly) are deserving of a better title than "sandwich." 
So what do I call this place? I guess I'll call it, my favorite Manakeesh place. The prices are right. The food is obviously great (they know me by name and I go here at least once a week. I almost cried when they went on vacation). The service is super-friendly. The cookies are a delight.
It's my mission to make it through the entire Vegetarian menu. So far the favorite is the combo- half za'tar (like a ground thyme paste, but don't let my poor description put you off from trying it. It's an herby, salty spread) and half cheese. I think they make their own cheese and I want to buy it in bulk.
My only gripe is that they don't have a separate pick-up line from the (looooong) ordering line that leads to the two cash registers. This is obviously a problem because it makes me wait longer to get my Manakeesh on. But as always, it's worth the wait.Picked up dessert. The line was bit long and I was standing there for about 15 mins before being helped even though i was he only one there. Picked up baklava and shamiyyat which were delicious but little dry.Their baklava is so good, best I've had in the U.S. Also, the staff is so friendly and the atmosphere is so chill and awesome. Their tea is really good too. The rest of the food is standard, and reasonably priced.  It's just a really enjoyable place to be at. Part of what makes Philly so great.