I could have walked away happier not spending 20$ on a 8$ breakfast. Everything was average. Average food. Average waiter. Coffee refills are free after purchase of a cup. Nothing bad to say, nothing positive either. The menu is certainly set up to nickel and dime you. There is a movie theater across the street, I would certainly grab a beer here before entering. Taking a lady here? Head farther up north Main Street. Take your side chick here.So this place is right next to the movie theater. I went out to a movie and bumped into friends, so we went out to eat. RUN AWAY! The service was awful, I get that you forgot our water twice but coffee three times! The hamburgers were weirdly fatty with chunks of fat in the burger. The place had a few customers but oddly empty for a Saturday night, clearly the other people where smarter then me. There was no wifi and that was the best part of the placeMy brother set up a party for me here, and we were able to get the upstairs room, which was fabulous. The food was also delicious. However, it was the staff that maked this place 5 stars. They are some of the friendliest people you could ask for and incredibly attentive. I work for two restauants out west, and I wish our staff was half as good as here. If I make it back to this coast, I will certainly be coming back to the Manayunk Diner. Thank you so much for the wondeful expeience.Our experience was so very terribly heartbreakingly bad we actually made a game out of it -we bet a meal on who could guess the number of major errors (after the first 4 gaffes in 10 minutes) correctly. I really wanted this place to be my after movie go to gig. Not gonna happen. There wasn't a thing that went right -from food to service to seating to temperature (no AC at 90 degrees?!). Such a waste of opportunity.Sunday morning breakfast at the Manayunk Diner.  
Admittedly, I was slightly hung-over from a friend's party the night prior...so three cheers for pancakes and other starchy morning goodness!
The hang-over cures (aka yummy dishes for non-hung over pals) were:
-Chocolate Milk
-Orange Juice 
-A plate of pancakes for the foursome to share
-Hashbrowns
-Eggs (both scrambled and over easy)
-Omelet
-Wheat Toast
-Home fries 
-Grits
Everything was great...except for the scrambled eggs (I am a definitive snob where scrambled eggs are concerned...these eggs should have been called "big blob of yellow" Luckily, I thought this would be the case in advance and ordered mine over easy) and the grits...the grits left something to be desired.
We were put in the upstairs room...and even though there were two whole servers designated for the small upstairs area, our waters went unfilled (and some un-brought) our grits were initially forgotten (we had to remind), and our server was not very friendly at all...unfortunate...
It wasn't too expensive--which is a plus for a breakfast place.  I footed the bill for the four of us without feeling like a schmuck.
I want to go back for dessert--the dessert counter looked immaculate!I have been going to the Manayunk Diner since it opened.  It was never top shelf, but in the last year and a half or so it has really taken a dive (pun intended).  The atmosphere was never diner-like, but the food was.  The food we had in our last two visits was  very greasy (good diner food isn't any more greasy than anywhere else), lower quality and nothing as good as we used to get.  Also, the servers seem to have changed, and not for the better.  The front door is so dirty it could turn your stomach.  If we had noticed it before we ate (we saw it on the way out), we would have left.  The same with the rest rooms.  
What a shame.  We really liked going there.Manayunk Diner exists solely for the two following reasons:
1) It's next door to a movie theater, so when I walk out of Harry Potter 7 with tears streaming down my face I will inevitably walk next door for cheeseburgers and a discussion of the greatest movie ever.
2) It's almost 24 hours (21.5 hours or some nonsense). So if you're drunk/hungover in the Manayunk area, it's right there for your drunken pleasure or hungover displeasure. 
Oh, and free wifi. Random plus. If you see a bald girl drinking red wine while focused on her Mac, tell her Liz said hi. She'll have no idea what you're talking about.It's a diner with a bar on site, but that isn't enough to make up for the average food, worse than average service, and above average pricing. Had another two star experience the other day with a meatball sub that disintegrated in my hands, and service that seemed to be interrupting the fellow's afternoon bong session (though not too much of an interruption since he only came by to take our order and then once more to drop off the bill). Really, the only reasons I've ever come here are because of it's proximity to the movie theater and the Restaurant[dot]com deals I mistakenly bought. Luckily, they no longer honor those certificates, so now I never need to come back and have all three useless coupons to remind me of how much I'vegrown to dislike this place.CHEESECAKES. Smooth, creamy, and cheesy. This is how cheesecakes should taste like. The plain one is my favorite. 
This place is close to Main Street and right next to the movie theater. After a late night movie, you can walk over to the diner and get something to fill your stomach.
There's a bar located inside the diner to also fill your alcohol craving!
The service here is amazing. The servers are friendly and easy to talk to! :)
This place is a classic diner that serves a wide variety of foods that you would crave in the middle of the night. The menu is enormous! Get whatever you want!The food came before our coffee, service is very slow. The place wasn't that crowded so it was odd. The fish and grits is amazing. I would come back for the fish.Don't waste your time. I went in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. There were only four people in the restaurant. The menu was very limited. I ended up leaving due to no one coming to the table to take my order. I think there was one server working. He came to check on the table behind me and went back into the kitchen instead of coming to take my order.The food at the Manayunk diner has always been sub-par. The first few times I went there I thought maybe the chef had an off day but I soon came to realize that the food is always disgusting. Too bad because I don't know of a place open late in Manayunk with diner food.Diner quality food at rock-bottom Manhattan-level pricing with mediocre service at best, and hostile at worst.
There's only three reasons to go:
1. I am wasted on Main Street on a Saturday night at 2AM and need three fried eggs, coffee, mozzarella sticks, and a reuben right now or I shall die.
2. "I want overpriced diner food!" "Well, I was some overpriced drinks!" Ta-da, combine the two in one stop!
3. I an literally starving to the point of gnawing my own hand and hands of other passers-by, passing out, and getting arrested as a vagrant. 
Otherwise I'd walk the short distance down Main and go anywhere else.Terrible Service, Nice Place To Meet w/ a Friend Before The Movies.
Manayunk Diner is convenience. Late hours some night, 24 hours other night, but it has free WIFI. So if you need a late night, and need to do some work, why not? The food there is really plain, and is not the place to go if you are looking for someplace to really eat out. They just get the food done, and bring it out. If you are hungry and around, don't care about the price, and just want something to eat, then there it is. However, the service the majority of the time is terrible. I don't understand why I have to repeat things about 3 to 4 times just to get the right thing. But hey ... I'm not picky. Its a great place for late nights to do work with some friends.I would give this diner Zero stars if I could. When we were seated, we were told the table was "cleaned" but my sister ended up accidentally putting her hand in someone's old basket of food thinking it was a basket of napkins. The menu selection was a typical diner menu. My sister and I both had an order of fries, and we shared some mozzarella sticks. My uncle ate breakfast food, and my other sister had a shrimp quesadilla. My sister and I BOTH found hair in our fries. I literally almost died there. The server was so nonchalant about the situation. She didn't apologize, and didn't even want to comp the meal. I will never be back.Crowded sunday mornings with the after church crowd. Food is hit or miss along with service. But for the price, it is good enough. No food really stands out. Been coming here for two years now.Where to begin? For one, the sign on the outside still says Manayunk Diner, but the cheap ,smudged, inkjet menus (that were probably printed at someone's home) say Manayunk Cafe. We should've realized then that things were off.
The place doesn't look like the new management has even spent a dime on improvements. It looks like it needs a serious cleaning and a makeover. My husband and I sat at a table where my booth had a large tear in the seat and his booth was duct taped. The menu was shoddy and confusing for a diner or even a cafe. It was very limited in options and the prices were rather high even for basic breakfast foods. It was as if they were trying to go for the fancy cafe-styled a-la-cart menu without any of the quality that goes into that.  
The waitress came and I tried to order a glass of orange juice and I was flatly told they don't have any. A diner/cafe that doesn't serve OJ at breakfast? Okay then. I settled for a coffee. I tried to order a build your own omelet only to find out that adding cheese to the omelet was an extra charge. By the way, everything is an extra charge- homefries, a side of bacon (beef or turkey only), etc. Instead I just went with a basic two eggs (cooked over-medium) breakfast (that only comes with toast) and my husband ordered the Ruben sandwich with Old Bay fries.    
After waiting at least 30 minutes our food came out. My eggs were runny and sloppy, certainly not over-medium as I requested. The toast was cold and served without any butter on the table. The homefries were lousy, tasteless potato wedges. I went with the beef bacon, which was okay, but a tad too greasy. And on a side note, a breakfast place that refuses to serve pork breakfast meat will leave a lot of people dissatisfied (myself included). My husband's Ruben was cold in the center and the cheese wasn't even melted. He was served regular crinkle-cut fries (like the Ore Ida kind you can make at home), which the waitress immediately noticed were the wrong fries. She offered to send us home with the Old Bay fries (I guess she knew it would take too long to get the correct fries with our meal). My husband told her it was fine.
We forced ourselves to eat our disappointing food and tried to pay the bill quickly so we could just leave. Well that wasn't going to happen. The register had absolutely no change in it. My husband was due .28 cents, which is no big deal, but after feeling like we had already been ripped off plenty, my husband wanted his change. The hostess disappeared into the back for several minutes on the hunt for change. In the meantime, our waitress approached him and tried to give him change from her own pocket. At this point, the hostess returned from the back with a supermarket bag full of change and paid him out of the bag. 
We left vowing never to go back as long as it is under current management. It's a shame because we liked the old Manayunk Diner. It was conveniently close to home, had decent food and was cheap. This new place has a confusing, over-priced menu, shoddy, unapologetic service, and is run in a very unprofessional manner.Never again... First off, I think the bartender may have been a zombie. Woah - bad service. He never bothered to ask us about the absolute crap he brought us. Sad. The woman at the checkout could have asked how we enjoyed everything. Not. We only popped in here to kill time before seeing a movie next door. Besides the lame service, the windows and doors were all filthy. We got a fried platter that was completely overcooked. We need to learn to say - no - send that back. Complete waste of money.I and my Hunee went to this place and the experience was HORRIBLE! We walked in and got seated and they had Maury Povich "You Are or Are Not the Father" segment on, who does that in a place of business. It was apparent that the tv was for the Hostess and NOT the guest. I requested that the channel be changed and the hostess said that she would have to ask the cook, HUH??
My Hunee asked for OJ and the waitress said that they just ran out, what diner runs out of OJ!! My inner voice was telling me to leave. I ordered broccoli, "Roasted" potatoes and fried whiting. We waited about a half hour for our food, my you there was onlt 3 other booths occupied. I asked the waitress to change the channel from Maury, they had the news on two other tv's but it was mute. Needless to say the Ratchet channel was never turned.
I had asked for the Manager and was told that they weren't there. Mind you it was after 1pm. So who was in charge.
My food finally came out and the "Roasted" potatoes were in huge chunks and cold. They weren't even cooked all the way. The broccoli was warm, it wasn't even hot enough to melt the butter. I asked the waitress to warm it up (microwave) and when she brought it back I had one stalk and pushed it aside. The fish was ok. 
This was the WORST restaurant experience that I've ever had. Ratchet tv/atmosphere, bad food, no OJ and two other couples left while we were there. One couple tried to order but they didn't have what they wanted and another got tired of waiting.
This place changed hands back in June, so sad to see a decent business go to someone who either doesn't care or just doesn't know how to run a business.  
I wish we would have seen some of these reviews prior to going, it would have saved timed and money. 
Shame on you Manayunk Diner and you had a card on the table that read "Under New Ownership With A Commitment To Make Every Dining Experience A Quality & Exceptional Encounter" what a LIE and a JOKE!
You won't be open much longer with service and food like this!The Manayunk Diner is an all around decent place to go get some diner food.  The food is regular diner food, and to me there is nothing wrong with receiving regular diner food from a diner is there?
The Diggs:
    The outside is adorned with huge semi transparent windows and kind of an 80's futuristic facade.  Neon signs all over, depicting the name of the diner that is somehow reminiscent of a t-bone (just have to see it for yourself). As you walk in you see a great long case of delicious looking sweets, when I say long I'm talking 9-10 feet of mouth watering tooth rotting goodness.  There is a bar in a raised portion of the floor, and booths through out.   I was kind of surprised that they have some Salvidor Dali prints up, I thought that was an odd but welcome touch. OH! and they have free WiFi, which as a geek I thought was awesome.
The Staff:
    Of the ten or so times I've been to this establishment I've never been want of a nicer waiter/waitress.  I'm not sure what it is about this place but the wait staff never fail to be personable and attentive.  Amiable even to the point of engaging in decent conversation, no complaints here!
The Food:
    Meh...not bad, not good though large portions.  The deserts are deceptively awesome looking, though not bad to say the least.  The food will feel you up without making you sick, and is palatable going down with out having to write home.  So what more can you ask of a diner?
Summary:
   Decent to good diner, not many diners have a full bar or free wifi!  I'm actually tempted to bump the rating up to four stars!Almost didn't come because of the terrible reviews, but the spot was actually decent. You'll get average diner food, at maybe a small markup from a normal diner. Service was a little weak/slow, but the burger/chicken/sides weren't bad. I guess its worth the visit if you need to grab a bite before a movie.Jesus this place is a mess. Went in looking for good breakfast to cure a sunday hangover. I was confused because I thought diners had a wide selection of food and good breakfast deals. Not here! 2 eggs and toast is 4 bucks! Oh you want home fries? Here's chopped up potatoes with no seasoning. Thats another 4 bucks. My friends omelet was under cooked and there was no cheese. How do you mess up an omelet?
Good luck trying to flag down the waitress to tell them they messed stuff up cuz the only time you'll see them is when they seat you, bring your food and give you the check. It was great sitting there for more than half of the meal with an empty glass.
Oh and if youre bored while you're waiting 20 for some eggs and toast you can play find the spelling mistakes in the menu! Ill get you started, check under rotisserie chicken! 
Way overpriced for what it actually is. I thought Gordon Ramsay was gonna walk in because I thought this diner was on kitchen nightmares.
The only good thing about this place is that the ice cubes were the squarest cubes I've ever seen. At least they got that going for them I guess...Like other reviewers have mentioned, you have to keep things in perspective - this is a diner. The closest diner to home I'm aware of, slightly overpriced, but with a huge variety of food (all pretty good), and a bar. They have a good selection of omelets here (I like the Greek omelet), and their specialty sandwiches are delicious. Also, they have $5 grilled cheese and fries, which is awesome. The service is about what you would expect from a diner, and I've never (I go here about once every two months) had to wait too long for my food. In fact, I once had grilled cheese made and served a mere few minutes after I ordered. There's a movie theater right next door, so it's fun to watch a movie and get a drink before or after.Well to start off our server was SO sweet. Very bubbly, smily, and all around very nice. How refreshing!
The food was average.
The wait for said friendly waitress to come to our table was about 10 minutes. Yikes. Food took about 20 minutes after that. There were about four tables in the joint. Come on. 
Brownie = heaven.It's a diner.... with a full bar... a few craft beers... good whiskey... and good pancakes. My usual bartenders, Lily and Christian are wonderful.Treated my friends to breakfast here over the weekend and was not impressed.  My omelet sucked ass, it was barley even cooked.  Chocolate milk and coffee were both good, but would not go back just to get some coco milk.Against his wishes we went here for a quick bite before a movie. The waitress seated us quickly, however; as soon as we sat down to look at the menu a waiter came over from the back and proceeded to kick us out of our seats because someone was already seated there from him but had left briefly. So my guy's complaint is that the waitstaff are horrible & he was right. I mentioned comp'ing us a soft drink for the mistake and the manager supposedbly was asked n we were denied. There goes your customer service. They couldn't even spare a soft drink for the inconvenience. Needless to say we won't be back and I'll be sure to write this review on every social media outlet. Bad move on the managers part.Save time. Have any random stranger slap you in the face with a moldy week old tuna salad sandwich, then light $30 on fire while your dog pees on your shoes. It will be a more pleasant experience than eating at this dump. 
Our recent visit for a Sunday morning breakfast was a disaster. The "Restaurant" was nearly empty but the empty tables were filled with dirty dishes.
Waiter was slow and surly. Our party of 5 ordered eggs,  french toast, pancakes with sausage. Coffee. Juices
Eggs arrived first.  No toast or sausage. We were told kitchen was busy. Place was empty except for two guys at the table next to us who warned us we were in for a bad experience
Pancakes arrived next. No butter   no syrup. Three requests eventually yielded syrup. No butter
Next came toast.
This all occurred in a span of 30 minutes from time of order
No juice. Coffee was crap. 
Waiter disappeared into the kitchen
After quite a wait I stuck my head in the kitchen door to ask when we might expect the rest of breakfast
The entire staff was standing in a circle talking. No one working. They freaked out and yelled at me for opening the kitchen door
After 10 more minutes the waiter returned and began to chastise me in front of my family. We had words
Eventually most but not all of the terrible food arrived
We paid and got out of Dodge as fast as we could
This place should be put down like a wounded animal. 
Sad.Probably some of the worst service and food I've ever had. Came here on a Sunday morning. All I ordered was fries and mozzerella sticks (you gotta be a real jackass in order to mess those up)...welp, there was hair in my fries. Like...who gets Hair in their FRIES? I can understand an entree or whatever (not saying it's ever acceptable to have hair in your food) however, they are freaking French fries. Anyways, the waitress had a snobby attitude, eh typical Philly native..Whatever.  Will not be back...ever.Zero stars wasn't allowed.  Absolutely dreadful.  Food quality is horrible and menu prices are sky high.  15 dollars for a terrible piece of chicken and a soggy waffle.  Cream chipped beef was 13 dollars and served over burned toast rather than biscuits.  Portions are small.  No pork products.  This place will not be open for long.  Dont bother.I wish I could give this place less than one star. I took my family here for lunch today and it took an hour to get our food! The service is terrible. I brought it to the managers attention. she did not seem to care. Seems like this diner is under new ownership. Dont eat here.Ive been coming to the manayunk dinet for the past 2 months,myself,girlfriends and family memebers... We normally come down on sat everning since we're off from work... The food is delicious especially the Mussels,we always enjoy ourselves... What started out as a last min thing has turned into somewhat of a tradition for us,we love to come down eat and drink(drinks are amazing) and enjoy the conversations and laughs from other customers along the bar where we normally sit,being entertained and waited on by Chirtian by the way who is a sweetheart,he gives u exactly what u need to enjoy ur night.... We love it and we love Christian he has definitely become a favorite to us and because of his service,the great food and awesome drinks we will always be fans of the Manayunk Diner.... Love Niki :-)I've lived next door to this complex/diner in the condo bldg for 7 years now.  I've been here many times.  Jennifer S is right, it is a diner, but everyone who has lived/grown up in philly knows there are such things as a good diner.  Example: Oregon diner in South philly, American Diner in Lansdale.  It's hard to mess up eggs and diner food, but something just isn't good here.  It has to be the quality of food they are buying.  Nothing is good or really good.  Everything is barely ok.  Living next door I've also taken out.  Like just tonight, they put my sides in containers and don't fill it.  All i expect is the same portion I would get if I was there.  Also, a lot of the prices are above normal from what a diner serves.  I really want the food to be good here, I mean I live next door!! Wish the owner, who i see there often would step the food up.  And I know the clientelle it attacts at night because of the movie next door, so I don't blame them for having disgusting bathrooms.  Hoping something changes...if you don't want to improve the quality of food, at least give HUGE portions.  At least then you will be know for something positive.  Don't worry, I'll return here and there since it is convienent....i still hope to win the movie tickets for writing my review...I'm just being honestDo you like mouse droppings on your table?  If so, this is the place for you.  Met a group here for a 9AM breakfast, & we were seated at a set table with many pieces of mouse scat.  When this was noted, cleaner was sent over.  Tableware was not changed, merely put back.  No one at this "restaurant" was surprised.  Bathrooms continued the theme, only with human feces, foul floor
s & uncleaned sinks.  Floors have many cracked & broken tiles.  How does this place stay open?I left after they informed me they were no longer accepting the restaurant.com certificate I bought THE DAY BEFORE which clearly stated no expiration. When I asked for a manager the server/hostess said she was the manager so I kindly got up and gave them zero of the minimum $25 I would have spent. Good luck duping other people we gave our money to Pei Wei a few miles away that day.The worst service I've ever had. Im usually fine with slow service but the diner was not that busy and the other tables were just as annoyed as I was. People who were aerated in otter sections who came in after us got their food about 15 minutes before us. Needless to say I won't be going back for a long time.If this diner weren't next to the movie theater, I'd never return to the Manayunk Diner and be perfectly happy with the direction of my life.
My experience has been:
1) Slow service.
2) Chocolate chip pancakes consisted of a stack of pancakes with a handful of chocolate chips on top. That's all.
3) Diners should not be this pricey.
4) Diners should be open 24 hours. Come on!
I don't know why my friends like this place, but there are plenty of other better diners in the area.Food was just ok.
Service was just ok.
We came here on a Sunday at 10am for breakfast.  They were incredibly slow bringing our food and it didn't come out at the same time.  Mine came out first and was completly room temperature.  My friend ordered sausage and pancakes and didn't get the pancakes for 5 minutes after the sausage and my food.  They gave cold butter right from the frige which wouldn't melt on the pancakes.  Do they not have a heat lamp?
The food was edible but not great.  I had eggs benedict and the holondaise sauce was grainy.  The eggs were coked perfectly though.  Home fries are passable, but not as fried as we like them.  Pancakes were ok, but I know i could make better ones at home, and like I said they couldn't melt the butter.
We had to wait in a 10 minute line to pay when leaving, which was very frustrating.
I had to remind them to bring my coffee.  Seems like they may have been understaffed, a sign of poor management.Was terrible before. Reopened and is still incredibly bad. Service is slow, food took forever and was not good. Do yourself a favor and never go there.I've been here before and knew that it was your basic, run of the mill diner and not to expect much.
CUT TO....
Scene 1: Me and the other half there this morning. Service was molasses slow, but the dining room was packed with hung over coed's, so it's to be expected. Order the Spanish Omelette with sauce on the side.
Twenty five minutes passes with no drinks or food.
Scene 2: Food arrives. Spanish omelette is void of the vegetables promised on the menu. Mention this to server. Back up server responds that the veggies are in the "sauce." 
Sauce = minestrone soup. Disguisting.
Will NEVER be back.This diner confused me. I went on a Sunday thinking that we would have a long wait but the place was pretty empty. My friend used to go there a lot and loved it but apparently it is under new management and is in a transition period. We were starving and needed coffee so we stayed. 
First off, they gave us printed menus on copy paper. Not a good sign.  Each item is ordered separately so if you want eggs bacon and hash browns all are ordered separate. There were no pre-set meals. Also, they are kosher so they only have beef and turkey bacon. We tried both and weren't impressed. Overall the food was ok but it was a really odd experience. I wouldn't go back unless I knew the place improved.I will not bore you with a long review because this place will likely be closed by time you find yourself considering it. The FAIL is so epic here that I suspect it will become the stuff of legend amongst bros and bras alike long after it shutters its doors, (which is any second now).If you're looking for somewhere to get fast food at a reasonable price, the Manayunk Diner will suffice. Especially if you like your food greasy, fried, served in giant portion sizes, or all three of these things. I mean, it's a DINER. What do you expect?
Now, if you're looking for somewhere to get dessert for a cheap price, then this place is definitely going to suit your needs. There are lots of options, but beware that the cannoli doesn't have chocolate chips in it (who make a cannoli w/o chocolate chips?!) The cheesecake is good, and there are plenty of varieties to choose from.
Overall - it's "OK." You get what you pay for, you know? It doesn't hurt that they serve alcohol...All i really have to say about the Manayunk Diner, is it fits the mold of Philadelphia Diner: Okay service, bad food, and over priced. The up of this spot is that they offer free wifi.Best place for real down to earth breakfast.  Staff is amazing,  however the owner is fighting rude and obnoxious.After reading this awful reviews, my friend and I STILL decided to give this restaurant a try. Boy, was that wrong!! 
After they sat us, we waited for a solid 30 minutes until someone came and took our order. After realizing it would cost most of my entire paycheck (excuse me, I do NOT want to pay $11.00 for a darn cheeseburger from some stanky diner) I did decide to get the cheeseburger. It was AWFUL. It came out with the cheese not even cooked and the burger not even done. The waitress was no where to be found. After 25 minutes of trying to get SOMEONES attention I gave up and split my friends entree. After telling the waitress and having her not even show any concern or care and simply saying "sorry we are busy" shows how much they truly do not care about their customers or their business.  Please, do not waste your time and money, go to a business who truly appreciates your business and would gladly love to have you!My husband and I were so excited that the Manayunk Diner had opened again. It's so close to us and we love that there is plenty of parking. The food was never amazing but the price was good and it was quick. 
Today we went for breakfast to the "new" Manayunk Diner. I was disappointed to find that they didn't have pork bacon, it turns out the owners are Muslim, which is fine, but I do love my bacon and will likely end up at another diner to get it. 
The coffee came with packets of powdered creamer and our eggs and toast took 25 min to come out. We were the only customers waiting for food after ordering. The toast was also cold. 
I felt bad for our waitress, she was very apologetic about all if the Diner's shortcomings and seemed to be aware of how her workplace was lacking.
All in all, not worth the trip, overpriced diner food, and lack of options.After a concert at the Mann Center all I wanted was a beer & some food. I ordered a Rolling Rock & the waiter asked me what that was... I said its a beer, he said he'd see if they had it, they did not. We left. If your business sells alcohol but doesnt know what a simple Rolling Rock is, youre not getting my buisness.
Ive also had other numerous negative experiences here. This particular one, put the nail in the coffin.I was going to write a whole thing.. but I can't waste any more of my valuable time on this place today.
We went for breakfast. On Sunday.  BREAKFAST.
No kids menu for my 10yo.  What?
Eggs: cold and runny. ick.
Pancake: cold
Toast: cold
Homefries:  cold and limp.
Wife's unsweetened iced tea tasted like water (no flavor at all). 
We were excited they had vegan bacon and vegan sausage.  None in stock. (ugh!).
Waited 40mins for food... 
$32.00
Maybe they're still in ramp-up mode with staff.  But some simple things should not get screwed up. 
Wife: "I was just disappointed by the whole experience".  Says it all.I've eaten at the Manayunk Diner a few times and have thought it was fine - nothing exceptional, but OK. The biggest upside is the fact that they have a parking lot, a much-sought-after rarity in Manayunk. 
The last time we went there, though, while the food was fine, the service was beyond terrible. While waiting almost an hour for our food, we had to ration our water for fear of dehydration (should have brought a canteen). They didn't look particularly busy or understaffed, but rather our waitress seemed inexplicably, perpetually overwhelmed. 
I've had better experiences in the past at the MD, so I might consider giving them another try, but with so many good alternatives in the area, I also might not.This place felt like the stereotypical bad restaurant. The service was slow, the bacon was in a pool of grease. The pancakes were decent but it took 15 minutes to get syrup for them after waiting a good 30 minutes for the food to come out. Plus the syrup came on a small dish. They seemed pretty understaffed, the waitress was constantly apologetic to each table saying they were very busy, meanwhile there were only a few tables in the huge place. I would not recommend this to anyone.I guess you need to know what to order and when to order it, bc I've never had anything from here that I enjoyed.Absolutely, the worst service I've ever had. Went there with my family who ordered pancakes and French toast.. The wait wasn't terrible, be they were brought out with no syrup. I took the already rude waiter 10 minutes to bring it out, at which point they had to be re-heated. I ordered 2 eggs over easy hashbrowns and sausage.. He brought me out just the eggs and said the rest would be out later! Who orders 2 "dippy" eggs ala cart? Then he tries to blame the kitchen. There is no kids menu, all items are delivered on separate plates and the wait staff is horrible. STAY AWAYKeep things in perspective, this is a diner and a good one at that. Perfect hang over cure, friendly service and reasonable prices. I have no idea why people are acting as if it should be more.do not waste your time at this diner. our breakfast was a disaster. disaster! !!! for your sake and sanity,  dont go!  
i will never get my 2015 new years breakfast back. it will go down in history as the worst breakfast ever.  
after waiting an hour our meal arrived. i asked my boyfriend to please just eat it so we could get out of there.  every single person in that restaurant was unhappy, with either an empty water,  oj or coffee in front of them while awaiting their meal. you coukdnt get any of the "staffs " attention. not that they even cared. the one party near by said they were waiting 2 hours. they finally just got up and left. 
i can't understand how this place is still open.  i will never go back.  in fact the moment i stepped out of the doors, i felt relieved.I agree a zero could have been the right rating......terrible service..feel bad for us and whomever stopped here for first time. Worst diner I've ever seen.Service at Manayunk Diner has definitely declined. The food used to be really good, but since the new management has taken over it has become horrible. It's way too greasy, taste-less, the hamburger and hoagie rolls are always stale, and even the soda is always flat. They used to have great dessert, but not anymore. The new waiters and waitresses are not as attentive as the previous staff and it's not as clean as it use to be. As I was sitting down waiting on my food, a mouse ran across the floor. I was done! Manayunk Diner will no longer get any of my money. It's so sad because the location is great, the portions are great, the prices are reasonable and it's the only place with late hours in the area............definitely a thumbs down :(After 12 years in the area I've probably eaten out in the neighborhood thousands of times. After my first bad experience at Manayunk Diner (MD) I swore I'd never go back. After a few years I decided to give it a second chance. It was worse.
Tonight the wife suggested MD. Since we really wanted salads we thought, "Well, how bad could they screw it up?"
Well, you can't imagine.
My salad came with Shrimp in it; this worried me from the start. The shrimp were as hard as rocks and the lettuce was rusty (moldy).
My wife's salad she asked for Olives, the server brought it without. We tracked her down after a few minutes and asked for the olives. She claimed the "cook" said they were out of them. Yet my salad mysteriously had them. She disappeared and reappeared with the olives.
Went 15 minutes with an empty soda glass and 20 minutes before we gave up trying to get the check and just headed for the check out. The "Hostess" didn't really care how our experience was, but when we started complaining she feigned it rather halfheartedly. 
Sad, sad, sad, this place will NEVER, EVER, EVER get itself out of the hole it has put itself in.
The only thing worse than the service is the food.
I don't know where they find the people working for them, but it's almost as if they only hire people with ZERO personality who don't give a toss whether you enjoy your meal or not.
FRIENDS DON'T LET FRIENDS EAT AT MANAYUNK DINER!
MD's only hope is that the next fire that rips through it not only levels the place, but takes the owners with it just to spare us all the chance that they open something else.This place is fine for a diner.  Food no worse or better than others I've been to.  Mainly I go here for lunch meetings because it's well located next to 76 with easy parking.I think that everyone who is giving 1 star either went on new years day, or is a terribly snobby foodie. It's a classic diner with diner food that's delightful, the service has always been amazing and kind, the atmosphere is homey and nice. I love it.The place was empty and it still took half an hour for them to undercook my eggs.  There was a hair in my food and the waitress asked if I wanted new pancakes or if I just wanted her to take it out ...
Also, for a breakfast restaurant not to serve pork (sausage, bacon) is pretty outrageous if you ask me. 
Where is the 0 stars option?Went here for breakfast. Had the Seafood Omelette w/ crab, shrimp, asparagus and hollondaise. It wasn't half bad. Waitress was nice and the price was right.Great food and good prices. We usually eat in the bar area and the bartender; Christian, is great!New owner.  Great location. Near a movie theater.  On a main street.  Plenty of parking.  It would be hard to fail with all of this going for it.
We walked in around 5pm.  We were the only ones there.  Alarms went off in my head.  I should have listened.  The menu was a little pricy, not many offerings, especially compared to the previous owner.  I thought , "Good, better to do fewer things and do them well."
Long story short, after about 15 minutes, the waitress brought us our onion rings, which have a four minute cook time.  She said it would be another 10 minutes for my sandwich.  She said that they needed to clean the equipment.  We walked into an empty restaurant, and the equipment wasn't clean?  The waitress explained, "It's Monday."
At.that point we decided to cut our losses.  We paid for 5 onion rings and 2 ice teas, $10.  The ice tea wasn't even good.  
Overall, I could not reccomend this restaurant under the new owner.  I'd guess it will close soon, so I'll come back and check it under the next owner.  It's a really good location.List of why Ill never go here again:
1. I tried to make a reservation since its New Years day for a group of 6 since I expected it to be busy, and was assured they would have a table for us when we got there. I guess I wasn't clear, because there was a table, but only after we waited half an hour which they told us would be ten minutes. We were finally placed in the upstairs section and I knew this was bad news from previous experiences. This thought was confirmed when I was sat in a chair with a gaping hole in it poorly covered with tape.
2. After waiting for half a lunar month for our food, it was cold and undercooked. As I type this I'm feeling queasy and am pretty sure I will be projectile vomiting within the hour. We didn't have silverware, so we watched our food congeal in front of our eyes while the waitress took her grand old time getting us some. One girl's eggs were so undercooked Im pretty sure she will have salmonella or best case explosive diarrhea. 
3. We all had bits of various vegetables, egg grizzle, and unidentified chunks in our food. I'm pretty sure I didnt order a solitary piece of broccoli in my potatoes, but our waitress messed up most of our orders anyway so there's no way to tell. 
4. I understand it was New Years day and it was busy, but busy is no excuse for the putrid food and even worse service. We complained and the manager was "too busy" to talk to us. They comped the inedible eggs and took off the items on our check we didnt order, but when we got to the register the miserable terrible girl at the register didnt take them off. I just wanted to get out of that pit of despair so I paid it and left.  
Thinking about this experience makes my brain explode in flames of anger, but that could be the fever Im running from whatever bacteria I acquired from my eggs benny. We come here all the time and know this place isn't the Ritz Carlton, but this place is a joke and I wouldnt be sad if it burned to the ground.This is not worth the time or money. Waited 15 minutes for them to say it will be longer because they needed time to clean the equipment. No wonder we were the only customers in there.  Left after just paying too much for the drinks.
Will not go backMy friends and I come here after a night out for some greasy grub and rehashing the night before.  We come here cause it's convenient, not because the service is particularly good (because quite frankly it kind of sucks), nor because the food is anything special (just your standard diner stuff).  Will I come here again?  Sure.  Is it worth going out of your way for?  Definitely not.My friend adores this place because it's open late, has a good dessert case and a full bar. She also calls it "Bougie", which makes no sense because it's pretty much your standard greek diner.  Plus, if a place has Photohunt it doesn't qualify as "Bougie".
The breakfast fare here is well executed.  The burgers and fries are alright. The entrees are awful.  Spring for the zucchini fries or the massive milkshakes for a treat.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Food: 3
Drinks: 3
Price: 3
Decor: 3 (tons and tons of seating)
Service: 2 (always seem to wait a long time)
Wild card: Gigantic desserts in the glass case.Went here last night on our way to see a movie. Ended up not going and decided to try Manyunk Diner instead.
Well, the place was PACKED. I'm sure a lot of their business comes from movie-goers hoping to kill time before or after their movies. Our server seated us at a table with comfortable chairs. (Pretty important, because I usually hold out for a booth!!) 
I should have known things were off to a bad start when our waiter accidentally SPIT on our table while telling us the vegetables and soups of the day.  EWW!!!!!  The next few minutes were PRETTY awkward as he, my boyfriend and I pretended we didn't see his saliva fly out of his mouth and land on the table next to my fork. YUCK!!
I sincerely apologize to anyone who may have been trying to enjoy their breakfast while reading this!! I KNOW that was pretty gross! LOL
So anyway, it was kind of hard for me to put this image out of my mind. I thought about it for the rest of my dinner!  
Still traumatized, my bf and I decided to order anyway. We both got the Vermont Turkey, with stuffing, mashed potatos and broccoli. Yes, I DO realize broccoli doesn't go well with turkey, but the rest of the sides they offered were even worse!!!  (Beets, cole slaw, fries, pasta)  I think I made the best choice I could POSSIBLY make!
The turkey wasn't bad-tasting, but it was sooooooo salty that it made me cough every time I took a bite!!!!! How irritating!  Finally, I just gave up and stopped eating it.
They did, however, serve us a crisp, fresh salad before our meal, and the diner was toasty warm inside. Nothing kills a meal for me faster than a poorly heated restaurant.
I should have gone with my original plan to order pancakes, because I'm pretty sure I would have fared better.Located conveniently next door to a movie theater, my friend and I grabbed some grub here after a late night movie. The decor definitely screams diner, but then there's the full bar that you don't traditionally see at a diner (except of course at The Diner in Adams Morgan-DC area).
After perusing the menu and deciding on breakfasts, I got a classic: two eggs scrambled, sausage links, homefries and toast. Unfortunately... the scrambled eggs were a thin, chopped up sheet on my plate. Not fluffy and together as most places serve them (which ultimately makes you wonder how those other places ever make those two eggs you order look more like four), these were seriously choppy and dry. The homefries are kind of bland as well, needing lots of salt, pepper, and ketchup to get you through if you're planning on eating them to begin with. In better news, the sausage links and toast were great.
Overall, not entirely unexpected as the other reviews for this establishment pretty much hit the nail on the head.I don't know who bought this place, but the service and food are TERRIBLE. I should have first stated, I was very happy to see that the famous Manayunk Diner had opened again, but now I'm sorry that I decided to come in. It literally took 40 minutes for 3 omelettes to come out, and even then, they sucked. Who messes up eggs and veggies?! They also had no hash browns. I mean, did they not order POTATOES!? All of this while the place was empty. We were the only patrons. I'm never coming here again. You should not either.Okay let's start by saying that this diner recently reopened under new ownership so this review isn't for the old diner. Any review dated 2013 and earlier is for the old diner. Now that you know that you'll see that there isn't a single good review since they reopened. Funny thing was as we were sitting at the table tonight I brought up yelp to see what people though before our food came out...and we should have walked out right then and there...but we already placed the order. 
The menu was the smallest menu I've ever seen in a diner with prices that were incredibly over priced in really weird ways. Just to get a cheese burger will cost you 11 bucks (add 3.87 if you want bacon!) And you won't get an appetizer for under 11 bucks. 
Let me break our order down. 2 grilled cheeses (that came with fries) with bacon added to them. 2 sodas and 1 coffee. 
The grilled cheese tasted like plastic cheese (definitely used the cheapest plastic wrapped cheese) and the bacon was mushy and burnt at the same time (tasted like it was microwaved and the server didn't mention the crazy up charge to add the bacon until the check came) the fries were soggy and had a very weird look to them (steak cut fries that were almost paper white when they came out). When they came to bus the table our plates were virtually untouched. 
Now let's break down the cost of the meal.
2 grilled cheese 5.97 X2 with an up charge of 4 dollars per sandwich for bacon (that comes to 8 dollars for 4 strip of bacon! ARE YOU F-ING KIDDING ME!!!! 8 DOLLARS!!!!!!!!!!) 2 sodas at 3 dollars a piece and a coffee for 2 dollars. With tax the bill came to 29.87. 30 DOLLARS FOR 2 AWFUL GRILLED CHEESES! I was in shock. 
Now let's move on to the management.  I made my opinion known at the register that this was ridiculous (expecially the 8 dollar up charge for the bacon) and the manager treated me like garbage. I've never seen a place that has no desire to have a customer come back. If it wasn't for the fact that the police wouldn't have sided with me I would have walked out without paying and would have slept like a baby. 
If you read this before deciding to go there (or sitting at the booth like I was) please do not WASTE your money like I did. In my 30 years on this earth I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant of any kind. Philadelphia (and Manayunk) has so many amazing places to eat so please go to one of the amazing place this city has to offer and forget this s-hole.Diner staples: open late or 24/7, fresh hot coffee every time, and fast food turnover. The 'yunk diner has all three.
The not so perky perks: servers will be hit or miss. In the last month they have been fabulous. They have a clubby bar aspect to half the diner (strange) but the bartender we had the other night was really nice. He recomended a drink to my friend and I  and I tried it and *hated* it. He was good enough to notice that I didn't touch the drink and made me a new drink instead. So weird bar scene but decent bartender. Also, dreaded super young college students are always there- one time hubs and I were out and we counted a group of 23 college girls that came in. all. at. once. 
For a quick meal on the run in fair time it is good. Late night ponderings over many a cup of joe and it is great. Other than that it doesn't make much sense going. Do try their fried mushrooms and blue cheese, you won't be disappointed.Ok, I didn't actually eat, just came for a quick drink before a movie.  Ok, the bartender on duty was bad - the place was empty and yet it took him a solid 10 minutes to even ask us what we wanted.  The drinks he made for us were awful.  Mine was completely watered down and my friend's soco and lime shot came as a complete drink with lots of lime juice and almost no soco.  i had a sip of it and it literally gave me heartburn.
The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is because it's a bar in a diner, which I think is pretty cool.  Otherwise, it's a fail in my book.I ate at this diner a few weeks ago and didn't review it yet. I stayed at the bar area and had a great time. The bartender, Christian, is awesome and made up a special Christmas-y drink for me. I'm glad I stopped in. Oh, they also have awesome fries!do not enter!!!!!! this place is the worse thing i have ever experience in my life!! waited over two hours for food, waitress slow and inconsiderate we sat with empty glasses for an hour!! when we explained to the owner how long we were waiting were told "well were just too darn busy" never again will i eat here!!!Eh.  I wasn't thrilled.   My Swiss omelet was just that... nothing special and the home fries needed some serious seasonings and about 3 more minutes on the griddle.  
I think this place is confused... does it want to be a family diner or a trendy night club.
If I lived in the area, I could see how this would be the "go to" for breakfast... I just wasn't overly impressed.If you ever think of going to this place, have someone take your keys from you.
It may have been New Year's Day, but all signs pointed at this place being terribly managed.
We sat around for the better part of an hour before our food actually came to us (understandable due to the day but people were getting food who come in after us) and the servers kept buggering the drink orders when they came out. 
The food was pretty sub par, I asked for feta with my eggs (which I would assume one could get at a place that advertises Greek diner food), which she confirmed, and it never ended up in or around my dish. My friends asked for certain things that never arrived at the table too. 
The biggest part of this general "my butt hurts" experience was the check. We asked the server if we could split the check, which she told us to do it at the register, and their idea of split was equal amounts for everyone. I can promise you that 2 eggs, bacon, homefries, toast, and a Pepsi will never cost $14...not even if there was a diner that had solid gold plates and platinum eating utensils. The man taking our money would just smile at you and tell you how much you should pay. No itemizing and no haggling to make check-splitting the democratic and hungover process that it's supposed to be.
Long and violating story short, you're better off taking money and flushing it down their toilets if you want to go to this dehumanizing experience.A disgrace compared to the old diner ambiance, menu, service.  Go down the street and eat anywhere else in Manayunk.I have never written a yelp review. I came home and registered for a yelp account because this diner is THAT deserving of a negative review. That being said, someone needs to call Gordon Ramsey and sign this place up for Kitchen Nightmares (is that show still on?)  You know what? I'm not even that upset that the food and service were terrible. I'm not that upset that the ambience was drab and depressing. I AM upset that it cost 17 bucks for coffee (ONE CUP OF PLAIN BLACK COFFEE FOR 2.95?! No one asked if I needed a refill, in case you were wondering), fries, which were obviously from the freezer and were sprinkled with some dull seasoning, and an overcooked veggie omelette. The veggies were...unpleasant. The omelette did not come with toast, but the server said that since I asked for toast, it was free (huh?). The toast was cold and hard. Portions were small. Very small. I regretted my order when I saw another table order the fried chicken platter. That plate looked like a lot of food! The customer, however, sent it back.
In conclusion: SEVENTEEN BUCKS FOR EGGS, FRIES, AND ONE COFFEE. Did I mention that it was terrible? I did? Oh, ok. Just wanted to make sure you heard that part. Shut it down. Shut. It. Down.