Get the Malaysian Fried Rice and Duck Noodle Soup. Their 2 roll sushi lunch special can't be beat. They can customize it so they use less rice AND they have huge chunks of fish! The yellowtail and salmon avocado are my faves!We chose this place because they stuck a menu under our hotel room door -- I now, not the best reason to choose a service. 
the good: it arrived promptly and was mostly edible.
the bad: one of three meals was good. One was okay though did not seem like curry as ordered. The third was inedible.Yum!! I wanted sushi, the boyfriend wanted Chinese...not many places meet that criteria AND deliver to Fairmount. This place fit the bill so we gave it a shot.  About 25 min after the order they were at our house for delivery.  The spicy tuna roll was very good as was the basil shrimp fried rice...a very nice "southern" twist on an old standard!!  My picky eater boyfriend gave rave reviews to his chicken lo mein. While this doesn't sound like much, in 1.5 years I have not heard him compliment a lo mein before.  We will definitely be ordering again!!I ordered delivery and I got some sushi and general tsos chicken. It wasnt up to par as far as general tsos chicken goes and the sushi was good. I was satisfied with the food but it wasnt super amazing. Would i order from here again? Yeah, sure. The delivery time was fast and the food did not disappoint. Just an okay place if you want some Chinese take out.Not even going to write much as everything I was going to say has already been written by Aria S. below as we dined together with two others!
The experience was pretty weird, and our stomachs feel kind of weird today too. Give a shot and see what you think?My husband used to think I was crazy for loving Chinese takeout and now he is a junkie. Turns out, he has turned me into one for Mandarin Palace takeout. We used to get takeout from somewhere in Spring Garden and I have no idea how he came across this place. Yelp24 most likely. 
Usually, I get a chicken dish but this time was craving shrimp fried rice. Their shrimp fried rice is reediculous. So reediculous, I was sad when I finished the leftovers. So sad, I ordered more the same night I finished the leftovers. I told you I was a junkie! But to make myself feel better, I ordered my husband's "fix" the beef lo-mein. For $20, you have two of the happiest people in 
Philly....Tried this once for takeout - ordered vegetarian chicken w/ broccoli.  The texture of the imitation meat was very mushy, the sauce was greasy and the taste was bland.  
This place may be good for inexpensive standard Chinese food, but for vegetarian specialties Su Xing House is much better.Love love love the sushi. Super fresh, very quick, so nice. Thanks for great sushi experienceCannot say enough GREAT things about Mandarin Palace.  The food is always on point.  I've had delivery, take out, and dine in - it doesn't matter, its always on point.  They even provide individual folded napkins with plastic silverware in the takeout bag.  The take out bags are neat and orderly.
Dine is the service is fast and attentive.  They even inquire about food allergies.  This is a huge plus, especially in a South Asian style restaurant since a lot of Peanuts and Cashews are floating around. 
Can not wait to go back!Wow. The woman who helped me was patient and answered all my questions. The food was ready in 10 minutes. My friend ordered general tsos ($9.5) and I ordered chicken with broccoli ($10.5). Our orders were cooked to perfection and it was very good. Would recommend and if I'm around I'll come back!If you don't want to spend top dollar at a fancy "fusion" spot, but also don't want cheap mystery meat Chinese food - this is your spot. Perfect middle of the road, tasty and authentic Chinese food restaurant. Service is always solid and the food is always yummy. General tso's tofu, veggie lo mein and scallion pancakes is the regular order. Perfect and satisfying every single time.This place is hit or miss, take out and in restaurant meals are correct about 50% of the time. The food is just average, if they cared a little more it could be better.I ordered the crispy roast duck and fried Taiwanese sausage for delivery. The crispy roast duck was very dry and tasted like orange every other bite. Either the duck was marinated unevenly in orange juice or orange slices were randomly placed on top of the skin. The Taiwanese sausage I ordered ended up being Cantonese lap cheong. I was charged $7.95 for a few sliced links of sausage, when buying the whole package from a Chinese supermarket would've cost less than $5. 
Maybe in the future I'll try this place again for Americanized Chinese food. I will definitely stay away from the appetizers and anything with duck.This place is ok, not reat, but ok. I asked for hot mustard for my order for pickup, they did no give it to me. Ugh.,.... I was not walking back. The soup was ok, a little soft. Crab rangoon was good. egg roll had no meat in it? odd. Its ok, I wouldnt go running to this place, but its convenient to work.I tried out Mandarin Palace because of a living social deal. It is located in the rittenhouse area and was a pretty good place to go for lunch. They have sushi and chinese dishes as well as lunch specials for both.
I had the Wonton soup which is the best I've had in this area mainly because the broth was really good. The wontons were also decent as well. For an appetizer, I had the Tuna tartare which was amazing and the sauce for it was great too. For my main roll I had the Alaska roll which was a spicy salmon roll with avocado and salmon on top. This was a good roll, but the presentation of the roll was the best I've have ever seen for sushi as well as the tuna appetizer. It's about average price for sushi and was really great quality.Beware when using groupon for this restaurant. I bought a $20 voucher for $10 off groupon and went to this establishment for dinner. We got 3 rolls which were nothing special and proceeded to try and pay/redeem my voucher. The waiter then pointed to a small hand written sign on the wall which states that there's a 3 roll sushi special and that the groupon doesn't apply to specials. This was an obvious attempt for the restaurant to get out of honoring the groupon. Nowhere on the menu does it say anything about a "3 roll special" and if you're not sitting at the sushi bar you will not notice the sign. I was very angry about this and the quality of the food. Will not be going back and don't suggest anyone else to.I've never been here but we have ordered in from here almost 20 timesNow and every time it's amazing. Our staples are the beef & broccoli and the general tsos chicken. The quality of the meat is great. The happy family (general tsos chicken and shrimp) is absolutely incredible if you're into that. & the pork fried rice is the best I have ever had. 
The wonton soup is great. The egg drop soup is nothing special . Their spare ribs are great. Sushi is pretty good.WARNING! BYO Utensils...seriously. I ordered take out for the office and they refused to give us utensils. Also, they completely messed up our order. Becareful. Make sure to open your food before the delivery man leaves. Otherwise, THEY WILL EXPECT YOU TO EAT WITH YOUR HANDS. We called and received awful response. The man literally told me to eat with my hands. 
In addition, the food is soggy and cold. Delivery took almost one hour, but the weather is nice outside and we are less than 15 blocks away. 
Massively disappointed. Do not order from this place, there are plenty of better places to order for Chinese. This place is awful.Thought it was decent quality. The combo platter for sweet and sour chicken was good and the sushis were alright. I did particularly like the sweet potato tempura roll, however the crab rangoons weren't good. Overall, decent. I did however find it slightly over priced for the quality.Mandarin Palace is one of the best Chinese/Japanese takeout places in Philly. 
Of the 8+ dishes we've ordered from them, all have been hot and delicious. The prices are all fair and they even have a solid assortment of sushi!
The best part of MP has to be the service. They have always been incredibly fast and almost always beat the GrubHub arrival estimate. Their delivery guys have been courteous and thorough and have even biked to us in the middle of a snow storm!
We love you Mandarin Palace.I really love the new and improved Mandarin Palace! The sushi is fresh and served in generous portions. I also like the cute little designs the do with sauces on all their platters. The staff is very attentive and friendly. My only reservation is the intense blue lighting, but that's just me.It's a shame that Mandarin Palace looks just like any mediocre Chinese restaurant, because it really is not. From the service to the quality of the food to the perfectly cheesy decor, it's the best Chinese restaurant outside of Chinatown. As soon as you sit down the server brings freshly fried noodles and house made duck sauce along with a pot of tea. The dumplings are really great, not the kind with the too-thick skin and almost no meat. I love their ho fun, the noodles are exactly the right balance of tender and chewy. I love dropping in for a sit-down lunch, it's always a treat!They are quick and deliver to ucity? Nice!! The food was really yummy, the guy got the general tso chicken and I got general tso tofu. It wasn't the crispest tofu ever but the flavor made up for it! The lack of insane wait time was phenomenal as well, I typically expect to wait hours for grub hub food but this came before expected delivering hot food and crunchy tempura veggies. I'm in!We stopped by for lunch, in a large group, and restaurant had no problems accommodating us. Menu is a mix of Chinese, Malaysian and Thai dishes, and of course the sushi. Number of people at the table had Shrimp Pai Thai, and were very happy with their selection. I had a Thai Curry Shrimp, and it was flavorful and delicious. Excellent prices for the downtown Philly. 
Definitely recommended.From the outside this looks like just another cheap Chinese restaurant, but don't let the simple street view fool you. The food is priced low, but the quality is easily worth two or three times the price. My wife and I had delicious meals, beautifully plated, and generously portioned. The service was great, with a friendly, helpful waitress, and timely delivery of everything. Not to mention that the decor is great, simple, but elegant.The service is excellent and one of the best general tso chicken I have ever eatenI ordered seafood Tom Yum soup, it was full of tomatos and imitation craps but no other seafood. 
I ordered also Salmon with garlic sauce, first of all they delivered Chicken with garlic sauce,charged me the price of salmon, and when I called they didn't even apologize and told me that I said chicken. Then why the hell would you charge me the price for salmon??? Bad service, not great quality..... not worth going there or deliveryDelivery Review Only.
4 Strikes and they are out.
1. Delivery came over 30 minutes Late
2. With a delivery charge, I expected the driver to, you know, deliver it. Instead he called from cell and made me come down and hustle out to his car, and was put out.
3. I get inside and see that we have no chopsticks, utensils, or napkins. Given, I just moved here and haven't unpacked, I specifically asked for these when placing order. Called them back and they said, oh we are are closed now so too bad and refused to help us. and were super rude about it. So I slurped up soup and ate my dinner with shish kebob skewers.
4, Order was screwed up. Given previous two bad interactions in 10 minutes, I knew there was no hope for correction so I gave up and ate their mistakes.
and the food was very, very average.
Will never ever order here again.I don't know why I don't like this place more.  The vegetables seem fresh, the service is always fast and their General Tso's is consistently good.  I don't really like how they make their eggplant in garlic sauce (it's a weird light brown/green sauce) but it's decent.  The dumplings are yummy (they're not the typical Chinese takeout, extremely doughy with salty dark red mystery meat inside) and they give you a sizeable portion (I think there were at least 6 large dumplings).  Maybe it's because it always feels like a ghost town in there and the food just stops short of being really tasty.  I think the portion sizes are ok--not too big and not too small.  As some of the other reviewers say, this place is your standard take out joint that just has a big seating area.  For lunch, the prices are good but I think the prices for dinner are a bit high.  If you're just looking for decent Chinese food, this is the place to go.  Otherwise, I'd just go to Jo Jo's for better value and taste.Excellent service. The server knows my favorites and the food is well prepared. They are very flexible about customizing orders.The food is disgusting and terrible. I ordered a Thai chicken curry. What I got resembled NOTHING like Thai curry, but more like leftover stir fry with a random mix of vegetables.
1. the sauce was watery and tasteless - nothing like curry
2. the rice, chicken, or vegetables had bits of eggshells in it (or some other hard, inedible object)
3. vegetables were a random mix of asparagus stalks, snow peas, and bamboo shoots. These were basically leftover stir fry vegetables that they decided to reuse in this curry dish. (curry isn't suppose to use any of these vegetables)
This chicken curry was supposedly a "lunch special" for $8.50. I wouldn't eat this even if it was free. The food was absolutely terrible.This place is awesome, coming from someone who knows their Chinese food and sushi (order either one at least once a week) I would definitely recommend this place. I have only ordered delivery, but it has always come hot and the food has always been amazing. Best wonton soup I have ever had, and I've had a lot! Food also always comes exactly how I ordered it (if I put in any special requests). And idk what they do to their avocados but the avocado in their sushi is the creamiest, best I've ever had.I think I didn't order right here, so I'll have to go back to give it another try. I had the shrimp with lobster sauce. To my surprise, the dish looked like egg drop soup had been spilled all over my shrimp because the sauce was so runny. And I didn't really taste the lobster flavor, or much of any flavor at all :( My boyfriend liked his dish, though. He got chicken with garlic sauce. I had a bite of his, and I agree that it was tasty. 
The inside of the restaurant is nice, and the place is BYO. Our waitress and the hostess were also very friendly. Next time I'll stick to the regular shrimp and veggies dish and I'm sure I'll have a better experience!This place was great.  I came into philly for the marathon.  I couldn't decide between Thai, Chinese and sushi and they offer it all
The staff here is the best I've come across the waiter was friendly, attentive and helpful
The sashimi came out quickly and was fresh 
The scallion pancakes were crispy 
The pad Thai was one of the best I had and so plentiful I had to take more than half home
I really need to highlight my server.  He was a delightAlways fast delivery, fresh food. I always order both Chinese and Sushi because it's just SO good. My go-to order when I. just. can't. with. dinner.Amazing sushi!! This place is so underrated. I got the love roll and the battera roll. Their avocado salad and pork Gyoza were really good too. They seriously rival crazy next door. And ARENT rude and uphold your reservations. Detour crazy and come to Mandarin Palace.Excellent Sushi! The Scallion Pancakes were crispy and flavorful.  Very good food! We loved it!Very impressed with Mandarin Palace. Great service. No uncorking fee. We only had sushi but it was absolutely fantastic. Wonderful presentation. Apparently they have just renovated and redone the menu and interior and it definitely shows. Only came here over crazy sushi because of a groupon but this meal will make it very hard to choose one over the other.Our server was a sweetheart but the man who came out to handle our groupon was rude and aggressive. He refused to honor our groupon and we won't be back.Panang curry is the saddest excuse for curry I have ever encountered. I feel robbed after paying $13 for whatever the hell that was.DELICIOUS lemon grass dishes, this place offers a bit more than just the typical American style Chinese fare, it also offers a bit of Thai and Southeast Asian cuisine. The schezuan shrimp is spicy and simple with grilled onion and medium sized sauteed shrimp but worth trying. The lemon grass lo mein is savory and delicious as well.
Prices are incredibly competitive. Dinner for two with tip was about $25 and the portions were so large we both had to leave a lot of food behind, (unfortunately our hotel room had no fridge). Well worth the trip if you're in the 'hood and hungry for Chinese.The place is nice, the staff is friendly, and the food tastes good.
But I got food poisoning from the beef, so.... 1 star.
I'll try the chicken next time.Absolutely disgusting. Ordered a chicken dish and the quality of the chicken meat was disgusting and very bad.
Got so frustrated that I want to write a review about them in google and yelp."Meh. I've experienced better" fits my review better than "A-OK," so that's why I'm going with a 2.
I've only been here twice. The first time I had a delicious Chinese meal. The reason for coming here was due to me purchasing a groupon for $40 dollars worth of sushi. Little did I know the groupon only went towards the sushi purchases, not the other entrees, so I was unable to use it. The service was okay. I had asked for a glass of ice water and the waitress sent out a glass with warm sink water. I felt like this was a warning sign of things to come.
So I decided to come back and order nothing but sushi. My friend and I were the only ones in there for dinner. We decided to go all out and order the "Sushi and Sashimi for 2" for 54.99. It's described as including: "Ten pieces of sushi, eighteen pieces of sashimi, one tuna roll, one chef's special roll and one California roll."
Sound great right? The main buying point to us was the "Ten pieces of sushi" and the "eighteen pieces of sashimi." We ultimately thought we'd be able to pick what 10 and 18 pieces of sushi/sashimi we wanted. Wrong. This felt like false advertising.
They brought the platter out, which was neatly organized, the rolls were delicious, as was some of the sushi. But the sashimi was hard to get down, especially when there was eel involved that still had it's scales/skin on it.
I wasn't completely wowed by my meal here, and was a bit disappointed to find out there was no free refills on the soda beverages. 
Suffice to say, I don't think I'd be returning back. The chinese food was good, the sushi was alright, but why come all the way out to Rittenhouse Square for asian food when you can get a better quality deal in chinatown? Word of advice when dining out in Philly for Chinese: stay in Chinatown.Just went here tonight for dinner with some friends and was pleasantly surprised. I'm not a huge fan of sitting down at Chinese restaurants. I typically prefer take-out. But for the prices offered here at a Center City restaurant, you can't pass it up!
Good service and good food. Nothing bad to say at all.We Used a groupon and were really impressed by the remodeling.  Quality food, quality ingredients, and very reasonable prices.  Sushi was really fresh. The services was friendly.  We will be going more often.On the inside, Mandarin Palace is an old school, cheesy Chinese chow hall -- think red vinyl banquettes, little bowls of fried noodles, fake pagoda accents on the wall.  As such, I see this as more of a take-out place.  
In terms of the food, I've always enjoyed it.  Is it the best Chinese food ever?  No.  Is it creative? spicy? garlicky?  No (although I haven't tried the Southeast Asian dishes other Yelpers rave about).  But is it solid American-style Cantonese?  Yes.   Do they accommodate my random requests? Yes.  Can they steam any veggie and serve sauce on the side for when I want to be good? Yes.  
They're always quick, friendly, and priced fairly.  I have no complaints.People are very nice and place is clean! The Sushi was beautiful and food very good. The staff very accommodating even offered to make a dish they did not have for my son and I. I would definitely go back.I love Mandarin Palace. Their food is always great! Beware of the homemade hot mustard its extremely hot lol.... BUT VERY GOOD!
My favorite are the Pork or Chicken fried dumpling. Also they always have excellent customer service n prices aren't too expensive.
Also I tried the General tso fish it was awesome! !!We waited almost 40 minutes for one appetizer, and two entrees. Everyone who came in after us was served, finished their food, and was ready for their check as we were just getting our food. The moment we got it, we found a hair in one of the entrees and when we told an employee they tried to tell us that it wasn't a hair(YOU COULD SEE THE ROOT). When we asked him what else it could be he stuttered and said he didn't know but he knew it wasn't a hair and that we should continue eating. When we tried to give him our food back he shoved it back into our faces. 
NEVER going back there again. YUCK!!!!This is dumbed down Chinese for the masses. Got the pork lomein, and had a hard time distinguishing the tiny slivers of pork from the noodles. Lots of onions though. Small portion for the money, but I didn't really want to eat more than they gave me. Also got the Kung pao chicken. I hate when they use small diced chicken, a ton of celery, and little else. Average on the taste. Will not be returning.This is our go to place for Asian/Chinese delivery. Some notables are the Malaysian fried rice, the gyoza, the lo Leon, the sushi is not bad, and the steamed pork dumplings are solid. The only thing that I've had better are the soups. The won ton soup is nothing special and the lemon grass soup is just strange. It's red in color and kind of thick. I've ordered it a few times forgetting what it was, basically assuming it would be more like a Thai lemongrass soup, and it isn't. Mandarin palace has a wide variety of Asian items from Chinese, to Japanese, to Thai and they do most of them well, which I think must be hard to do with such a big menu. There's something for every taste on their menu.I love ordering Chinese take out so when I moved to center city a few years ago finding my go to was high priority. I tried a number of places in the area and this one was the winner. Delicious, fresh tasting , restaurant quality food (so many Chinese places have overly greasy flavorless food but this is not one of them), all for take our prices. I almost always get the chicken with broccoli and rice combination platter. It's always full of fresh broccoli and the sauce is not too heavy. Delivery is quick (even though I live about a mile away it's never more than 40 mins) and people are friendly. Definitely a reliable option for a night in with a movie and glass of wine!
**do not confuse this with "A Mandarin" down the street- you will be disappointedI'm a fan of your standard Chinese fare, and Mandarin Palace is a great option for those craving some Moo Shu Pork with a side of fried rice. 
NOTE: this is no gourmet Chinese food, it's just standard take-out style in a folded white box.
I've ordered delivery, and eaten in, and I highly suggest delivery over physically dining at Mandarin Palace. The locale lacks in the ambiance and service factor, and their bathrooms are ghastly. 
Onto the food. 
The Moo Shu Pork is actually pretty good (3/5 stars) nothing out of this world, but did give me heartburn which for me is a sign of cheap chinese food. 
The Mongolian Beef (2/5 stars) leaves -much- to be desired. The sauce is thin and tasteless, and the beef seems boiled or something... I like my beef seared and sizzling. 
The fried rice is well, rice. At least it's not yellow, I have a thing against yellow fried rice. 
Prices are also higher than the cheap Chinese joints in my neighborhood, so that's a minus.. then again the food is tastier than in the cheaper restaurants... I suppose I continue to frequent Mandarin because I haven't found a tasty and dependable Chinese restaurant yet.They let us in 30 minutes from closing which we were grateful for.
Kung Pao chicken was good, but the Szechuan Salmon with Tomato Sauce is a MUST. Salmon Avocado Sushi roll was pretty inexpensive and super filling!
Price range is reasonable, I ordered two dishes for just $20. Would I go again ? Yes but not at night.I agree with the most recent reviews and echo their responses! The "New" Mandarin Palace is remolded with an open feel and excellent sushi bar! Everything has been updated and is very clean! The food is just as delicious and exceptional!
They truly cover all cultures and dishes from Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and so much more! They have a very LARGE menu and it's really hard to just select one thing or dish! I suggest trying something  new each time due to the fact that it could probably take you a year to try one of everything or combination. Seriously!
The sushi made by Leo, the co-owner, is amazing! He really has fined tuned his craft of edible art and really showcases this in all aspects of the dish. The quality of the fish is exquisite and fresh. 
I have been for lunch and dinner and look forward to calling this restaurant my "go to spot!"
I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant if you want to savor delicious meals, quality and timely service, reasonable prices, and overall solid dining experience!Have been going here for years, therefore, let me lay some knowledge on Ya'll...s
The good:
*Hot and Sour soup
*Seafood soup with or without the noodles
*Lemongrass seafood soup (make sure you tell them to make it 1/3 the spice otherwise your toilet god will be pleased but your lower intestines wouldn't)
*Vegie/Pork dumplings
*General Tso's chicken
*Singapore mai fun
The bland:
*Eggroll - the dough is too thick and over saturated with oil
*Chicken with garlic sauce - somehow the chicken is always bland, like a piece of gum that was chewed for 10 hours straight and then left on the sun for a week (no, I didn't try such a gum but I do have a vivid imagination)
*Beef with onions - I got a food poisoning once from their beef (like somebody mentioned below) so I just avoid it.
*My regular server, Wendi is not there anymore. So sad!Ordered delivery from here and was impressed. I got the shrimp tempura roll and crispy spring rolls, which were both excellent quality, and the wonton soup, which was tasty but nothing special. My boyfriend got the chicken lo mein which was also quite good (I sampled it) and he said his egg roll was good too, which is unusual because most egg rolls around here are pretty average. He also really liked the crispy noodles they included with the order.
They neglected to include flatware or the usual sauces with the delivery, but other than that it was a good experience.  I'd like to try dining at the restaurant sometime.Everything I have had here tastes great. I especially like the sushi (Philadelphia roll is delicious!) Service is also fast and there is never a wait to be seated.Best sushi place in town. Rolls are consistent, ingredients top quality, and prices reasonable. Owner/chef will work very hard to impress clients. Highly recommended.Don't be fooled by the old Mandarin palace reviews it has been updated and is now offering sushi. I'm not a big sushi fan but I was surprised by how delicious the battera roll was and the spider king was also incredible, and the presentation of the food is what you would get at a high end establishment .This place also has some very good Ho Fun no matter what protein you get with it. The staff was friendly and vey helpful and Leo's sushi specials are insanely delectableChirashi ^_^! Great tasting! First time trying, but love , love, love it so much! It was so so so so good! The server is nice and the sushi chef did the excellent work!@-@I have been here twice now. For the sushi, I thought this place was a 4! I will definitely come back for the sushi. I had the volcano roll and it was delicious. I had the garden salad both times and it was refreshing and the dressing was delicious. I wish the actual salad was a little bigger just so I could eat more of that dressing.
I had the eggplant and garlic sauce the first time and it was a little lacking in flavor. I think that was a one off though. I picked a bunch of hot oil on it and it was fine as leftovers the next day. I also like ending the night with my orange half they give u. Definitely my new go to sushi spot! Check them out! And really reasonably priced!This reminds me of a simple restaurant on Canal street in Manhattan. This isn't the best Chinese food you'll have and all of the dishes on the menu are pretty standard "americanized" fare. Service is prompt though and the wait staff are friendly.I was really hungry for Chinese food so I came here after a long absence. Usually I've been getting Chinese food off of food truck on my lunch. But, it was cold outside and I didn't want to go back to the office...you know how that goes. 
So, I was seated immediately. I was given hot tea and the fried crispy noodles as a snack.
They've expanded the menu, which is nice. They have Vegetarian proteins, and another menu from Southeast Asia i.e. Pad Thai, Pad see ew, Thai curry dishes, etc.
The staff is friendly and service is prompt. 
I had Vegetarian Chicken with Brown Rice. It's nice to have the Brown rice option.
I wasn't pressured to finish my meal and drank the whole teapot of chinese tea. 
All in all, a relaxing lunch before going back to the grind of the office.Went here mostly because it was near where I parked and I had a craving for Chinese food. So I went in not expecting much. But it was really good! And very reasonably priced. What I wanted was not on the menu but they accommodated my request. I'll go back!A decent Asian restaurant with just about every variation, including Chinese, Thai, Japanese, and Malaysian.  It's surprisingly decent with the typical Americanized Chinese fare, all at very reasonable prices for Rittenhouse.  My Buddhist Delight and beef chow fun were solid, and not overly salty, although the portions are on the small side, compared to Square on Square.  Service was good, and I really liked that their green tea is actually brewed from tea leaves and not tea bags.I was craving cheap delivery Chinese food and Mandarin Palace fit the bill. We ordered via Grubhub; I opted for steamed chicken dumplings and pork fried rice, Dining Partner ordered the General Tso's Chicken with fried rice. Delivery arrived within 30 minutes and was hot on arrival. We were both very satisfied with our meals and this place just earned a spot on the list for my go-to Chinese in Philly. My only complaint was that the fortune cookies were stale and tasteless. But if that's the worst thing, I'm pretty fortunate.This place is by far the best sushi in philly. Although deceptive in name and appearance, behind the chinese restaurant facade is a sushi bar that puts out the freshest fish and most unbelievable rolls in town. beyond that the price is a fraction of what you pay at Zama and the like. Since discovering the sushi here I've been back at least weekly. the staff is friendly, warm and provides excellent service. I make it a point to bring new friends every time i come, selfishly in hopes of ensuring this amazing restaurant is here to stay. Cannot stay enough good about the sushi.I found this place about 4 years ago while going to school in Philly with some friends. I've been going back here every time I visit the city. The food is great, price is great, and the service is great. We went back this past weekend and noticed that it's been renovated and under new management, but the service and food quality is still awesome. I love that they've added a sushi bar and have revamped the restaurant.I had a Groupon for this place.  It was cool...  decent sushi, but nothing special.  We got a few rolls, I got a few pieces of sashimi (tuna and salmon) and I also ordered the soft shell crab.
The crab tasted like it was fried in old oil.  The fish for the rolls and sashimi was fresh and the service was great!  The two servers we had, the owner and the men behind the sushi bar were so kind and polite!!  They were even nice to the annoying girl  who kept asking about the mercury in the fish.
I'll definitely be back.We ordered sushi from here and never got the order. When we called mandarin they yelled at us profusely. Extremely terrible customer service, they have no respect for their customers.Why is it so hard to find scallion pancakes? Aren't they super easy to make?
Anyways, after a long afternoon of shopping, with a light wallet, my friend and I were looking for a cheap place to eat. She suggested Applebees but I'm the type that doesn't like chain restaurants. It's my last resort. 
So I passed this tiny little place and right on the Appetizer part of the menu, I saw SCALLION PANCAKES. 
YES. Score. 
Went in. The pancakes were good, but you can't really mess them up (except for this one place that put peanut butter in between them. A peanut butter scallion pancake? Are YOU kidding me?!)
Anyways, for about $24, we were STUFFED. The pancakes were huge and crispy. I ordered beef and asparagus which were ok. 
But seriously, they give huge portions here. My part of the bill came out to be $13. But for $13 I got a huge serving of scallion pancake, a soup, shrimp eggroll, and a large large plate of beef and asparagus and fried rice. I was stuffed. (The rice was kind of dry). 
I ate the scallion pancakes later that night too, after drinking. Not as amazing, but when you're drunk and hungry everything tastes good.I just got a Chicken Teriyaki Lunch Special for pick up. Price is decent (compared to what you can see around the city for Teriyaki), but overall it just looks kinda rushed. Vegetables and chicken are o.k. Comes together somewhat nicely, but next time I might try the sushi or a different special. It's hard to hate on Teriyaki.I ordered sushi from here and was pleasantly surprised.  They delivered the food in about  45 minutes.  The yellow tail with jalapeno sashimi tasted really fresh and was delicious as were many of the other rolls we got.  My favorites were the spider king roll and the spicy tuna.  The seaweed salad was also pretty sizeable.  The menu seems pretty expansive as they have a lot of Chinese and Thai options as well.  I will definitely be trying this place again.I ordered take out on Saturday night. An hour and a half goes by and they still have not delivered my food. I get a call back saying they tried calling me and left my food on top of my door. Obviously it's the city and would have got stolen if it was the case! They refused to deliver new food or refund me. They could have rang the doorbell! An hour later, a neighbor from a few houses down says they found sushi on their stoop and was wondering if it was mine.My husband and I were stuck in a hotel in Philly for a surgery and ordered delivery from Mandarin Palace two specialty rolls and one hand roll, two dinner specials. It was a lot of food, for what we paid $70 and we have left overs for tomorrow but it really wasn't anything special at all. Not worth the delivery fee.  Some of the specialty rolls continuously fell apart.  The dinner specials were over sauced. These things are nit picky to me but I expected more of this restaurant when I saw all of the 5 star ratings- if I give Morimoto 5 stars this place gets two.this place has awesome food!!!!  ordered delivery several times while I was in town and it was always awesome!  great wings!!!!  will definitely order here again!Delivery was on time and food was still hot! I like my usual steam chicken with broccoli, but this I also tried their Buddhist Delight (vegetarian, and good) and Scallion Pancake (a little too hard and lacking scallions).
Overall, I would come back.Lunch specials are a bit pricier than your normal Chinese takeout spot, especially considering the portions are also a bit smaller. However, the food is decent, tastes fresh and isn't overly greasy. 
They had my order ready quickly, but then when I asked for extra sauce packet, they seemed to be mad and wanted to rush me out even though it wasn't busy in there at all.  I'd give them 3.5 stars, but lost 1/4 star for rushing me, and 1/4 star for not giving me the most important part of the meal - my fortune cookie.