Great homestyle,  authentic, Italian food.  Had lunch our first visit and came back for dinner. Very affordable delicious food. Went with three others and we picked from each others plate,  everything was delicious. BEST cannoli's are here5 of us visiting from NYC were looking for Italian food on our last night in Philly.  Mangiamo's for the win!  Our party's ages ranged from 17 to 67; we all loved our choices  - a personal pizza; the cod fish special; eggplant parm; gnocchi with vodka sauce (and a side of meatballs); and Mangiamo444 chicken (lightly breaded and with spring mix and tomatoes and a balsamic glaze. YUM.). Nice service and reasonable prices. The restaurant is on the ground floor of an apartment building and parking is available in their lot on site.  BYOB.  We'd return again for sure.Went here for my birthday dinner with my fiancé on a quiet Wednesday night and couldn't be happier. Personal, friendly service and the food was absolutely delicious. My fiancé got a pizza and I had the chicken marsala--both exceeded our expectations. We brought a bottle of wine with us and they even put a candle in our dessert for my birthday!  This was our first visit to Mangiamo, but definitely won't be our last!Food was okay. My risotto was under cooked and my chicken was rubbery. The waitress was nice but rushed us unnecessarily.My husband and I ordered take out one night. I got the Spaghetti and meatballs and my husband got the chicken Marsala. My spaghetti was really good. My only complaint was the meatballs were salty. My husbands chicken Marsala and risotto was delicious. Again my only complaint was chicken was salty. I would be happy to give this place another chanceI've only done takeout so far and the food was good, however the restroom was disgusting. I was a little turned off by that, but I was so hungry I just said my grace and ate *shrugs*Very good Italiano food.  Ive eaten here multiple times.  One time I ordered on Grubhub and licked the plate (because I was home lol) but this review  is from going to the physical restaurant.  Pretty sure I read that the owner used to be the head chef at Martoranos.  Good food all around.  You won't be disappointed.I've been back multiple times since my last review and I only have good things to say. Everything on the menu is good, and they've added more to their menu. The pizza is crispy and thin, and I could probably eat it every day.I enjoyed my meal here. I got the chicken parm and I loved how there was fresh mozzarella on top, not like the shredded cheese. It was a good portion and a very reasonable price. My friend got a shrimp pasta dish that she said was also good. I did not BYOB but I definitely would the next time. Good value!No reservation needed on a Thursday evening. We were one of three tables.  The ambiance is composed of purple colored rope lights in the windows and drapes on a wall but other than that it's pretty bare. The music keeps changing from genre to genre which is very noticeable. The owner came out to greet the whole restaurant, and when he came to our table he welcomed us and was super nice. He asked if we were vegetarians then we were given a free handmade personal cheese pizza, which was delicious. The server was super friendly and helpful with my dietary constrictions when placing my order. 
I ordered the rigatoni vodka but with vegetables instead of pork. My friends ordered the chicken Marsala with risotto, and the chicken parmigiana with gnocchi. All of the dishes were really tasty and filling!We just had an impromptu dinner here- we got Mangiamo's flyer in out mail and when my boyfriend said let's go I grabbed a bottle of wine and we did. Family joint, the service is great, they seemed to be doing a lot of take out for the residents in the building and the food was spot on. I had the shrimp and linguini in red sauce and my boyfriend had the chicken marsala(what was that side? peas? veggies? yum!). both excellent. we also ordered a cheese pizza for my boyfriend's girls. "joe the boss" came over, introduced himself and gave us his story and told us about his family, he topped it with an amazing eggplant app. The girls loved him and as result they got two princess cannolis. Great low-key spot for an authentic meal. We will definitely be back. My only suggestion is a kid's menu even if it's just a pasta and sauce and a small pizza. other than that? fabu.
thank you!Excellent meal and service it is a shame the place is not packed.  Great service and value BYOBGreat restaurant! Plenty of parking, wait staff was very attentive but not too attentive and the ambience romantic and soulful. I met Joey the owner, and he treated me like VIP. He prepared sample dishes and deserts for us free of charge. My main entree was chicken parm let me say it was the best chicken parm I've ever had. I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant for a great night out with friends and/or family!What a wonderful find. This hidden gem is in an awkward location but don't let that deter you from enjoying an authentic Italian meal. This is a family run restaurant and the concern for the customer comes shining through. I'm looking forward to a return visit.Awesome awesome food. Joe the Boss was great and friendly. His daughter waited on us. Treated us great. Pizza, vodka sauce, veal parm were great. Cannoli was incredible.  Go see Joe.I had the meat lovers pizza. Great tasting ingredients on the pizza. Loved the tomato sauce. This was a very thin crusted pizza but it was not crispy and did not have the brown crusty spots on the ends. Would've been a 5 star rating if the crust was crispier. Maybe next time I'll try a plain cheese pizza.This is a new, little BYO in Northern Liberties, where Estella used to be, for those familiar with that fashionable brunch place. Chef-Owner Joey Vargas has put together an outstanding menu of South Philly-inspired Italian dishes. We started with a (complimentary) thin crust pizza, with the freshest ingredients (superior quality mozzarella, oregano, and gravy). Wonderful veal piccanti and risotto. This has the makings of a great neighborhood restaurant, sit down or take-out, but definitely worth the trip from anywhere. Plenty of street parking and excellent service.Looks can be deceiving is probably the best way to describe this place because visually everything looks off. 
The outside, it's off the street and tucked behind a parking lot with gated access. Essentially you can't casually run into this place, you'd have to be specifically looking for it and then focused on finding it.
The inside, gives off a confused vibe. Are they going for shitty night club or upscale restaurant. It all just seems half ass done or a work in progress but it's confusing because you can tell they're trying to be classy. 
As for the food itself, bomb.com. The reviews and photos of the food looked good but I was really worried once I saw the place for the above reasons. All of that subsided with the first bite. 
The pasta dish was delicious - full of flavor, right amount of sauce, pasta and vegetable combo. Sautéed spinach was done just right. Lightly cooked and not dripping with oil or butter and seasoned very well.
Where it counts, this place delivers. Just be prepared for the one eyebrow up face you'll make when you see itThis is my new favorite spot to get chicken Parm or a home cooked meal that hits the spot. Went in for dinner on a snowy Saturday evening and had a great experience. Service was perfect without being overbearing and the chef /owner sent out warm, fresh made mozzarella from the kitchen - incredible...best I've had. Also ordered the meat lovers pizza, which was excellent, as well. Truly enjoyed this place and am so happy it's in my neighborhood!! I will definitely be back and hope you will check this place out, too. Enjoy!I hate to write bad reviews, but I have to balance out all the good reviews that led me here. To keep it short and simple, the food is very bland and generic, and was not executed well.
Getting to the Mangiamo was the first issue. It is located in the first floor of an apartment building and there is a parking lot in front. However, it is gated and for residents only.
The first thing I noticed after entering and being seated, was that the ambience needed a lot of work. The dining room can use a little decorating and maybe some help with the acoustics. There was some music playing, but all I could hear the whole night was the heat humming out of the ductwork under the ceiling. The oil candles on all the tables were pretty pointless because none of them were lit. Also, a projector has no place in a restaurant. 
I ordered a few things off the menu, opened my bottle of wine, and received a basket of bread with oil and vinegar. It would have been nice to have a bucket of ice, since this restaurant is promoted as a BYOB, but I didn't make an issue of it because my bottle of white was already chilled. I didn't have any silverware or napkins, but that was also OK because I stole them from a neighboring table. There were only 2 other couples dining and most tables were empty. So, I dig into the bread basket. It was generic cheap bread and it was stale. The oil was flavorless and the balsamic was generic. EVOO would have been good here.
I started with mussels in red. The mussels were OK, but the sauce and the croutons on top could use a little work. It's understandable to use old, stale bread to make croutons, but please toast them longer. They were still stale and chewy in the middle. Or better yet, get rid of the croutons and replace them with warm, crusty bread or crostini. The sauce was thin and watery. It could have used diced tomatoes and onions, and some brightness from fresh basil. Also, the bowls for the shells should have come out before or with the mussels, not after we filled a plate half way with shells. 
The next dish was chicken piccata with a side of spaghetti in marinara. The chicken could have used more lemon, capers, and butter. The spaghetti was overcooked in the same sauce as the mussels in red.
The second main was chicken parmesan with a side of gnocchi. The chicken had no crunch and could have benefitted from seasoned panko and a chunkier sauce. The gnocchi were  little dough nuggets in the same watery, red sauce that keeps making an appearance in every course. These gnocchi were just plain bad. They were too dense and had no fluff to them at all. My wife loves gnocchi and could barely get through her first piece. 
Obviously, I passed on desserts. I apologized to my wife all the way home. I can't always pick winners when trying new restaurants. She mentioned that she would have enjoyed Olive Garden a lot more, even though we rarely frequent that place.
For a good tip, try Emma's Cafe in the northeast on Frankford for good, old-fashioned, mom-and-pops, Italian cooking.
PS. CLEAN THE BATHROOM! There were more workers than patrons. There was no excuse for that degree of filth. The floor needs a good mopping and the walls need a good scrub down. It shouldn't look like a gas station bathroom. My wife went in after me and decided to wait until after we got home. The step-trash can is rusted over and doesn't open.Parking is the only thing this place has going for it. The server is very nice but it took FOREVER for the food to come. When it did come, it was a couple plates at a time. I was there with six people. By the time the first person finished( because her food was getting ice cold) the last person wan not even served yet. I can't say the food was worth the wait. I went there thinking I was going to an Italian restaurant but there was only one pasta dish on the entire Mother's Day brunch menu. It was very disappointing. Don't say your an Italian restaurant and then serve almost nothing Italian, it's very misleading.Joey and co. are doing great work. The dough and mozzarella on the pizza are fantastic, and their gravy is some of the best I've had. Rigatoni vodka was fantastic, as was the pasta pescatori. Cannoli filling also was great. And Joey and his daughter, Tatiana (our server), both were extremely nice and accommodating. We'll definitely be back, and we wish them all the success in the world!We thought we lucked out with a last minute reservation on Mother's Day. At 12pm, there were only two other tables occupied during our meal. After eating, I can understand why they are so empty. Maybe dinner is better but while they regularly serve brunch, it was not worth eating here. I ordered the French toast with bacon. The menu claimed it was made with Texas toast but instead it was regular thickness cinnamon bread. The bacon was the star of the meal. My husband ordered the trio with eggs over easy. They were over cooked. His toast came 5 minutes after the platter.  Servers were very nice but food was sorely lacking.Everything was great the service was good and the food was good. Nice setup and projector tv. Good music too. we'll definitely be back. I also had a groupon which sealed the deal.I hate to say it but we were the only customers, the "homemade chicken soup" seemed like it was microwaved from a can and the pesto cream pasta with chicken had an extremely small amount of chicken and very plain.A complete disaster!  Was seated by our waitress and could tell immediately the place was very unorganized.  It did seem very busy and we were not in any rush so we were fully prepared to relax and go with the flow.  We managed to order an appetizer and two entrées from that evenings specials.  We sat drinking our wine and trying to determine if our waitress was just new, overwhelmed, or intentionally ignoring us.  Once we noticed that people, who were sat after us, were getting their appetizers we assumed our scampi was more difficult to prepare.  Trying to give this place every benefit of the doubt.  After being there for an entire hour and no food coming out and others around us on their entrees we got up and left.  When we told the waitress we were leaving she did not care or even ask why.  I can only assume that she had an issue with my friends skin color or with gays.I love this place. While I live in the building it's located in, I would come here if it wasn't. You can tell all the ingredients are fresh and homemade. I've had the calamari, the shrimp scampi, and the rigatoni vodka and everything was really good. The restaurant has a modern feel for an old Italian eatery. Twice the chef has given us a mozzarella stuffed prosciutto and it is to die for. They should have it on their menu. 
My only complaints: the appetizer salads are too expensive, they need to start adding to their menu, and more bread please (because the oil the serve with it is also amazing)Went here cause we had a hangry crowd that can't decide ahead of time. My bad- with 20 yelp reviews this place is sad and not worth one star. We got stomach issues from spaghetti n meatballs!! Nice waitstaff etc just awful food.Read some of the reviews, and a lot of it is true.  The portions are smaller-sized in comparison to the higher pricing alone.  They said they make their own gnocchi, and although it was doughy, it was average . I wanted another variety of common pasta that they don't offer.  Paid coin meter street parking, because the entry gate sign said parking was for residents only.Wow! This place is amazing. The handmade personal pizza - delicious! We had the calamari appetizer, pretty good. 
The breaded eggplant with fresh tomato and balsamic vinegar was so crispy and tasty. We had the chicken Parmesan with gnocchi. So good and well seasoned. The vodka sauce on the pasta was so great too. 
The restaurant owner Joey was so nice! He introduced himself, and the server was really friendly as well.I don't know how this place has such good ratings. We called ahead (the day of) to reserve a table for twelve on a Friday night and we had no problem booking it, which should have said volumes about the popularity (or lack thereof). When we showed up, we were the only occupied table (two other small groups drifted in a little while after). Despite our being the only people there for a while, service was so slow, made worse by the fact that they had several employees standing around the bar, just chatting. We had to keep flagging them down. Then they messed up one of our orders and made the wrong thing, which happens sometimes with a table of twelve people, but they didn't let him know until he was the last person waiting for food and at least five minutes had passed after everyone else had their food. The worst part of it was the food itself. The stuffed mozzarella was okay, but the pasta was overpriced and bland. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but if so, then avoid any of the seafood/shrimp pastas.This place is great! The food is delicious and such a great atmosphere. The owner and staff are very friendly and accommodating. Everyone should go here!Ate here before a concert at The Electric Factory. Dinner was delicious. Servers were friendly and helpful. Service was quick. We will definitely plan for dinner here the next time we are in the area!We make a reservation on open table 9pm on a Friday night.  We get there and the woman on the intercom tells us they're closed.  She wasn't nice about it either.  No explanation, we're closed, go away.
Nice.My husband and our two adult children dined at Mangiamo's this past Saturday.  What a treat!  Everyone had a fabulous dinner.  My son and I had veal marsala with risotto, my daughter had eggplant parmesan and my husband had the vodka rigatoni.  Each meal was prepared perfectly and was delectable. The chef/owner came out and greeted us and brought a complimentary pizza for an appetizer (delicious).  My son and husband split a cannoli which the both enjoyed immensely.  Service was excellent.  Additionally, I forgot my sweater at the table and the waitress rushed out just as we were leaving in our car to return it to me.  It was very kind of her.  
The restaurant is on the bottom floor of a condominium building and is set back a bit from the street.  There is gated parking for the condominium but patrons of the restaurant can park there for free.  We were about to park on the street and someone came out from the restaurant to let us know we could park in the lot.  
This restaurant is a great addition to the Philadelphia restaurant scene.I'm disappointed. After reading the reviews I was excited to come. 
I called ahead and asked about parking, the woman one the phone informed me that there was a free parking lot for restaurant guests. When I turned to go in, a gate was down and said residents only. I ended up parking on the street and got a TICKET! That's one reason I'm not happy about the experience.
The food was somewhat tasty, HOWEVER I have a stomach ache from the food and so does my friend, and since we weren't feeling well, we had to end our night early. 
Portions are small for the price. It just didn't seem so 'Italian.'
They recommended a reservation but the place was empty on a Saturday night.
Our waitress had an attitude that was uncalled for. We were rushed out when the restaurant had another hour til closing and no one was even there.
Now BEFORE Joe, the owner, responds to my post with statements like his previous responses-I want you to know that most of my reviews are very positive, I am a happy person, and it's in good business practice to apologize for the wrongdoings rather then become defensive.I was a bit skeptical at first, because of the decor and the football game being projected on the wall. However , once I had a bit of the chicken parm and the meat lovers pizza, it won me over. Probably one of the better Italian meals I've had. Great prices, just the right amount of service from the staff without being overbearing. It is the kind of place I would feel comfortable going to on a weekly basis. Wether you are on a weekday date night or feel like watching Netflix and eating fried calamari in Your pj's (we've all been there) .The owner brought forth a complimentary batch of fresh mozzarella, bathed in olive oil, and the rest was history. If you want to play it safe, or just want to be pleasantly surprised, try this place out and you won't be disappointed. If i could describe it in a few words: It feels like family.Thank you to Groupon for introducing Mangiamo to us.  We were going to a production at EgoPo and this was convenient so we thought we would give it a try.  Great decision.  Everyone was happy with eveything they ordered and could not stop with the compliments.  From the  Chicken soup, veggie salad, cheese plate (make vegetarian for us) to the entrees ( Ravioli, risotto, chicken picanta, veal  and pasta with vodka sauce) everything was wonderful.  The cheesecake won for the desserts.  The pound cake was the weak link and still we cleaned out plates.  It is BYOB.
Traditional South Philly Italian with easy parking. Can't wait to go back and try more dishes.Love this restaurant!  The family is great and the food is phenomenal!  Everything is made fresh with fresh ingredients and I will be a regular there!  Outstanding!The only redeeming quality was that the waitress was friendly.
I think this place only exists to provide convenient takeout to the lofts that are attached.  While we were there, nobody else was in the restaurant however several people came in to get takeout.
Food overall was bland mediocre Italian.
The table bread was crappy premade white bread.
Stuffed mozzarella would have been great if it was entirely redone with fresh mozzarella.  
Caprese salad could really use basil leaves instead of crumbled basil over it.
And the vodka sauce had separated - they probably made a big batch and continued to use it.
The ambiance is not great - big, loud, not intimate at all.  
If you live in the lofts and just want something convenient - maybe, otherwise mehA hidden gem between Northern Liberties and Center City. Food is delicious. Servers are attentive. Joe, the owner and chef, makes everyone feel welcome. Great place for lunch. Even better at dinner.Wow! What a horrible place. Ordered a cheese pizza and got cold matzoh with some cheese and sauce on it. If you do order from this place then don't use UberEats because you won't get a refund. Mildly impressed with the quality of the linguini - surprisingly didn't suck.This is easily my favorite byob in the city. It is a fantastic spot. Very affordable and the food is always good. The servers are friendly and there is always a nice special. When I lived in the neighborhood I would go maybe every other week.I moved all the way to Mt. Airy from Front Street and they set up shop down the street from me again. Only now they're called South Philly Italian Kitchen. What have I done to deserve this?Updating my review when the restaurant sent me a very thoughtless response which just demonstrated their lack of commitment to improve:  "Sorry you don't know food have a nice day"
A personal response to the extent of "We're sorry you had a bad experience and will look into how we can improve" would have taken them just as much time and shown that they could at least pretend that they wanted to improve.
Original review:
The only redeeming quality was that the waitress was friendly.
I think this place only exists to provide convenient takeout to the lofts that are attached.  While we were there, nobody else was in the restaurant however several people came in to get takeout.
Food overall was bland mediocre Italian.
The table bread was crappy premade white bread.
Stuffed mozzarella would have been great if it was entirely redone with fresh mozzarella.  
Caprese salad could really use basil leaves instead of crumbled basil over it.
And the vodka sauce had separated - they probably made a big batch and continued to use it.
The ambiance is not great - big, loud, not intimate at all.  
If you live in the lofts and just want something convenient - maybe, otherwise mehHorrible food. Unpleasant owner. This really is not the attitude that should be coming from management.Amazing!! The gnocchi is amazing and Joey is always there and ready to help and loves meeting new customers.I've been eating at this place since it's been open. 
This is some of the best home cooked tasting Italian food I've ever eaten.
The guy who owns it  is well known cause he's a damn good chef.
I think his family runs it too. It's a cool spot check it out.
Updated to legendary because the food is always super fresh and well prepared.Best Restaurant ever. Food fabulous, service wonderful and love motown music. Will be back many times. Joe is the best chef everI tried this place tonight in hopes of having great, traditional Italian and I was 100% satisfied. The food was delicious and authentic. The staff was friendly and the boss/chef Joey came out to talk with us and gave us a sample of his homemade mozzarella which was phenomenal. Order the eggplant and tomato app, mouthwatering!!! Can't wait to come backI don't live in Philly anymore, but each time I am in town I make sure to stop by for dinner. The pizza is amazing, Chicken Parm is great, and seafood is perfect. I can't wait to stop by the next time I visit the city.First things first...I'm calling ALL the 5 star reviews FAKE. There is no way this place is a 5 star place.
Now into my review (Not fake)... If I was the owner I would read this...and take this to heart. I eat out at least once a day. I seek new places and love trying new foods. I think ambiance, lighting, and service is just as important as your food. Unfortunately this place does not check any of those boxes for being good. 
The place: Its large, poorly decorated and what I would describe as being in a fish bowl. You need to find a way to make it more of an intimate experience. The curtains on the back wall with the frosted windows look cheep and don't fit the windows. The lights around the front windows need to go. The white ceiling is dirty and needs a paint job. The little decorations on the walls look like their from home-goods (Cheep and generic). Half of all your pictures are hung crooked. The WEIRD projection screen in the back- GET RID OF IT! 
Suggestions: Take the lights off the front windows and black them out completely. This will eliminate the feeling of being in a fish bowl.
Paint the ceiling black. 
Use warm dim lighting...not the bright spot-light-like lights you have now. 
Get rid of the projection screen (Do this if you do nothing else)
LIGHT THE CANDLES on the tables.
Buy a subscription to a music provider...We sat and listened to commercials after every 3 songs...how ridiculous NO ONE wants to hear that! 
Do NOT allow the waitress to sit and eat in front of people eating in the dining room (I don't care if you made the food for her) its unprofessional. 
Straighten your pictures on the walls...
BETTER YET...Hire an interior designer for the space (YOU NEED IT!) because clearly you do NOT have a knack for design.
Get rid of the tangled,dirty, creepy red valet pole outside. 
FOOD: My husband and I ate there...alone on a Monday. We came in with a bottle of wine and full intentions of ordering an app and full meals each. But my sketch meter was going off because I go out so much...All the things I mentioned above made me want to "test them first" BEFORE ordering large meals. I figured lets order a pizza...maybe they will surprise us and it might be the best pizza ever and I will then order the larger plates. Your lucky I even stayed past (all of the above) usually I would be GONE. 
To start: The waitress brought us bread & oil. That was nice. But the bread is cheep. Not the crusty bread that people want that are ages 20-55 (If your trying to be new and modern don't serve that cheep bread our parents want from their old home town Italian restaurants) Yeah, you will need to fork over an extra $.75 per loaf of bread for decent bread ...but its what this generation demands...GOOD BREAD. 
Next, We ordered the cheese pizza. It had ABSOLUTELY NO FLAVOR. The cheese was commodity cheese, the crust tasted like a toasted church waffler...IT was just bad. 
Dear owner: I am not sure if you are the guy in the back cooking the pizza on Monday's but you WILL go out of business if you don't change or listen to change. Your friends might have told you, you were a good cook. But the pizza sucked (Plain and simple) not frills no fluff you NEED HELP! 
It might be a hard pill to swallow but you need a chef to come in there (If your doing the cooking) or you need a New chef (Because who ever is doing the cooking...is not doing a good job) 
Pizza is a basic item...and if you can't get that right...Then you cant get anything right. 
In theory you should have a captive audience...With all the people around the place in the plaza...but you don't...your missing the boat. 
Please don't make excuses for why we didn't like the pizza...you would just be fooling yourself. Be honest with yourself and make some changes!My friend threw a birthday party here and the service was so bad. We didn't get all of our food! The owner kicked us out and I can't even write a review about my food because I never received it. One of the waitress cursed at my friend. She said "if you don't like the service here then get the f out" and also told her to get out of the f-in way. A 25% gratuity was added onto our check when they deserved 0%. I'll never come back and I encourage people stay away because they are horrible and rude.I work around the corner from Mangiamo, and I used to eat at the former restaurant that was in the same spot quite frequently. I decided it was time to give the new place a try.
The restaurant's "decor" and atmosphere hasn't changed much: It's very utilitarian and sparse. The HVAC system still makes a loud noise while it's operating, but the place is comfortable and clean.
It's the food that will have me coming back frequently: I ordered Nonna's Chicken Soup, and I slurped every noodle with gusto, and I picked up the bowl to drink the last of the broth. Yes, it was that good! I also had the Marinara Penne (lunch portion), which was just the right size with al-dente pasta and a great marinara gravy. I had a "basket" of bread (with oil and balsamic vinegar) which I finished because it was as tasty as the rest of the meal.
The server was polite, friendly, and prompt.
I highly recommend Mangiamo's, and I look forward to many more lunches and some dinners there.Terrific Place!  Joey the owner and Chef came out to greet us. He also presented us with some Home Made Mozzarella with fresh sliced Tomatoes. It was melt in your mouth wonderfulness. I had Chicken Marsala it was delicious. Wished we lived closer so we could enjoy this place more often.