Great food. Fried rice was great and enough for two. Noodles and very good and the stock is fantastic. Highly recommend it.I was resigned to accepting that Philadelphia is not a ramen city before I came to Maple. I am so delighted that I was proven wrong. The Akamaru Modem Ramen was the table's favorite, with an umami-rich broth that had some heat to it. The noodles were deliciously chewy and well proportioned to the broth and toppings. The best part is that the restaurant is so conveniently located in Rittenhouse (and around the corner from my gym where I will try to burn extra calories...) so that I can come back here on the regular.Awesome place for good ramen soup!  Service is great too!  Comfy place.  We r repeat customers!  Must try this place!!!!!Definitely some of the better ramen that I have had in the city, and luckily, we didn't have to go to Chinatown. Huge plus that they take credit card too. Broth was solid, and the toppings all tasted fresh and delicious. It was great that the signature or "special" ramen all had toppings that you didn't have to order a la carte. I had the Hakata Ramen and it was great. Clean layout to the restaurant.First time, they have excellent Ramen soup and the fried octopus was delicious.
Nice and clean, the paintings on the wall are pretty neat. I used to go to the previous thai place but haven't in years because the food went downhill, glad a new hopping spot has taken over!What do I crave when it's cold and chilly outside? Something warm like ramen of course! I wanted to check this place out and it did not disappoint.
The restaurant set up is spacious enough to not feel like you're sitting right next to your neighbor. Menu offers a variety of typical asian appetizers, ramen, spicy ramen, rice dishes, and mini sets. I saw that they offer bubble tea as well but it doesn't look like a wide variety (refer to pictures). That's ok though because I'm here for the ramen, not the bubble tea lol.
Ordered shoyu ramen to see how well they prepare a typical/basic ramen dish. I was very satisfied with it! I don't particularly enjoy when the broth is too salty but this was exactly how I like it. I devoured my ramen within minutes. For the table, we shared the curry chicken katsu rice. It was delicious as well! I'm not sure how I feel about them serving the curry in a separate bowl. It's great because the person can pour the curry to their liking. But for someone like me, I enjoy putting the curry on my chicken and rice! I just felt like I could've had a little more curry, but I didn't bother asking. I'm sure they probably would've provided it if asked.
The service was excellent and timely. They were attentive to our needs even when the restaurant was pretty full. They do take credit cards. We were able to split the check. The bathroom was clean (very important detail). Kudos to Maple Japanese Ramen for an overall excellent experience. I will definitely return again to try their other ramen!(3.5 stars) Not my favorite ramen spot, but the shabu shabu beef was somewhat spicy as advertised and I pretty much finished all of it. It was a cold night so hot broth and fresh noodles was an easy call. I wasn't crazy about the beef itself, was surprised it came practically shredded as it was slightly off putting to see at first. Not sure how much the seaweed added as well. The noodles were probably the highlight along with the broth. 
The chicken katsu was a large serving, very lightly fried and easy to nibble on. Was disappointed that it was just served with a side of ketchup...like seriously?! No house-made sauce or at least something a little more enticing? If I had known that, honestly probably would not have even ordered it.Nice to have a ramen restaurant in this area. Service was good, restaurant was clean. The chicken katsu ramen came with a large portion of crispy chicken, and the ramen was fine - broth was mild but had plenty of toppings. The hakata ramen had 3 large pieces of charsiu and the broth had a richer flavor. Wouldn't mind trying it again!DE-LISH-US!!!!!! My husband and I have been sampling ramen in the cities we visit and this ramen WINS! It was up against Chicago, Atlanta, Orlando & Tampa. 
I had the Akamaru Modem Romen, which was the waiter's recommendation and such a good one (it was on the menu under spicy but it was not! Just a good flavor with a hint of heat). The broth was kinda creamy, it was delectable. 
My husband had the Ox Tail Ramen. It wasn't as 'rich' as mine (more of a clear broth) but the broth was also very good. The broth reminded me of the broth in Pho actually. I give it 5 stars for sure! I won't even subtract a star for no sake (the do not serve alcohol at all but it may be due to no liquor license yet, they are a new spot). I'd love it if this spot were close to home.I recently moved to the Philadelphia area and have been on a search for a good ramen spot. I've tried quite a few and I got to say this place is my favorite so far easily. I got the Akamaru Modem Ramen and the flavor was amazing with subtle heat. The pork was extremely tender. My friends got the chicken katsu with a very large portion of meat and the chicken was tender as well. I was not only impressed by the food, but also the service. They were extremely nice and made sure we had everything we needed. I went with a group of friends and they even kindly brought out sample chicken Karaage for us to try and it was very good as well. My only negative, and this is a bit of a stretch, but the taro bubble tea was watered down. Didn't ruin my meal or anything but something I noticed. I will be coming back for sure !This weather is really nice to have Ramen. So today I give Maple Ramen a try. We ordered Mochiko chicken and Takoyaki for appetizer. This Hakata Rame is awesome. The noodles are chewiness, the soft-boiled egg tastes so good. 
I also ordered a hot and spicy seafood Ramen. All the food are surprisingly delicious. Definitely will come back for more food.Finally!! A Japanese restaurant that doesn't serve sushi. Only ate there once, food was delicious.Came here for lunch and was so excited to try this new ramen place. But the ramen was not that good.
We order mochiko chicken, miso & shoyu ramen.
The chicken was very good, juicy and tasty.
The ramen was just so so, the broth was off. However, the portion was pretty good for $9.95.
I would come back for the chicken or to try the friedThis ramen place is definitely one of my favorites. Super friendly staff and knowledgeable about the menu. The walls are nicely decorated with Japanese paintings. Very beautiful dolls are perching on the shelves. Unfortunately during the covid pandemic customers are allowed to eat outdoor. 
The outside window has pictures of the food inviting passerby to stop by.
Takoyaki: melt in your mouth. Not too salty or drenched with sauce. Perfect amount of sauce and the flakes.
Akamaru Modem Ramen (spicy) and Hakata ramen are highly recommended. The broth is rich in flavor and umami. The noodles are al dente. They have so many varieties of ramen. I am looking forward to trying moreGood place to get ramen - solid but nothing sensational. We went during the lunch rush on Sunday and were accommodated quickly. The ramen was tasty and well made. Only downside for me was that I didn't realize the chicken rice refers to chicken katsu aka breaded chicken.The pork buns and shrimp katsu are both a great way to start your meal. The pork buns have a spicy mayo that isn't overpowering and a sweet teriyaki sauce with piece of sliced pork. The bun it's self is sweet and fluffy and very delicious. The sauce that came with the shrimp katsu had a little spice and was also kind of sweet, a really great balance and went perfectly with the shrimp. 
I had the Akamaru ramen, it wasn't as spicy as I had hoped for but they leave you spices on the table so you can add as much as you want. The bamboo shoots were tender and fresh a and the pork was very flavorful. 
The service here was also excellent and the food came out perfectly timed. I would highly recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back here.The chicken katsu ramen was fantastic. Flavorful broth, tender chicken, and great portion size. The menu could be more descriptive regarding broth and noodle type, but I loved it.This place was great. 
The staff was exceptional and friendly. 
The food came out hot and delicious as well as quickly. 
The menu may not say it but you can choose add-ons or substitutions to make your bowl of ramen yours. 
The takoyaki was crispy, creamy, and on point. 
The shumai was light and delicate and the accompanying dipping sauce added the perfect balance. 
The gyoza were crispy and soft with great texture and flavor. 
The Ramen. Well I wish I ordered the big bowl because it was exactly what I needed. 
I ended with the pork bun because of its sweet sauce, fluffy bun and savory pork.The akamaru ramen was amazing! Savory, slightly spicy, and super satisfying. More unique vs. the traditional shoyu, but not crazy and weird - just special in a good way. I can't comment on the dine-in experience, but if you're looking for good ramen for takeaway, Maple Japanese is an excellent choice.Kudos for Hakata & Akamaru ramen, though having a bit less spice would make the best ramen bowls in Philly. I suppose the Shoyu & Shio Ramen are also gud. Will be back to try them out! They also have Japanese cream soda.Finally had the craving for Ramen and not alot of places downtown servibg Ramen. I will say the spicy Ramen I order was good. But the other meal is where they made a mistake. I also ordered the fried shrimp ramen and found a fried roach with it. This is completely unacceptable since we are living in days of COVID-19. I called back and inform them of what happened. The young lady apologized, refunded my meals back, and 9ffer a discount for my next order, but unfortunately I will not order from this place again.I love there . The places is nice and the ramen is so good I love the special ramen!!! If you guys order I Introduction the special and the spicy one yess!Great food good service ! Will come often  I love their fry shrimp and noodles.really love how we can dine in now that it's been so long since leaving the my house  the waitress has good manners and the food was serve just the way I wantedAt last found the best ramen spot in Philly!! They offer a wide variety of delicious ramen! Tonight I ordered Akamaru Modem Ramen upon the servers recommendation and by all means it was amazing! It had juicy charsiu, spicy, rich and umami pork broth with wood fungus, bamboo, whole soy sauce marinated soft boiled egg, scallions and seaweed. I also asked for extra spicy sauce on the side, and that sauce has an real kick to it. The noodles were al-dente and the overall experience was delicious!! Hoping to become a regular here to try out everything on their menu!Hands down the best ramen I've had! I've been on the search for ramen that compares to the ones in Japan and this was definitely a great find! I've tried many ramen restaurants in NYC but none of them compare. I was really missing good Japanese ramen and this definitely satisfied my craving. I had the Akamaru Modem ramen and it surprised me so much how good it was. My friend had the shabu shabu beef ramen; I didn't really like that one but the one I got was spectacular. The price is very fair and the restaurant is really pretty on the inside. The service is also great! I highly recommend this place and the Akamaru Modem ramen.It doesn't match my favorite ramen places in NYC but I was impressed with this shop and will be returning. Laid back vibe, very nice staff, and most importantly tasty. I got the gomuko ramen and it was super flavorful. Ask for their hot sauce too, it was really good.The staff is very friendly and the Ramen is delicious. Had lunch here a couple times and was always happy with my choice. They give you a good portion and are not to expensive for the specialty bowls. Parking is sparse but that's the city. LolIt may look unassuming from the outside but the product they're putting out is stellar! We ordered the curry ramen and the shiyo ramen - both hit the spot.  As people new to ramen, these were great options to get a baseline of what Maple Ramen could offer and we'll surely be back to try the other options on their menu. We did takeout and the broth does come packaged separately from the noodles/toppings. Char sui was so tender and had a great flavor as well.I came here for an early Sunday dinner and it was not very busy. I got the Akamaru Modem (per all the recommendations from Yelp) with the spicy sauce on the side so that I could adjust to my liking. I am not usually as much of a fan of the broth as I am the noodles, but the broth was so unique. I couldn't place the flavor so I kept going in for more. The charsiu was good quality and the noodles were bouncy egg noodles - which is what I like (as opposed to thin straight noodles). The servers were very attentive. I think they have outdoor seating but didn't have it set up today because it was too windy. All in all a great experience and would not think twice about stopping by again.I love this spot 
They finally have outdoor dining! Come try it out!!!  The noodles taste really good like for example the Curry Ramen and the Hakata Ramen!There aren't a lot of ramen places in the city, unfortunately, because it makes the perfect meal. Maple Japanese is good - and is a located in the heart of Center City, making it one of the very few options available for ramen. It does a good job! My ramen was hakata - which was delicious. The broth was flavorful, the meat was tender, and the egg was perfectly cooked. Still, it was good - but definitely not one of the best ramen places I've had. I will definitely be back if I'm in the area or I want a quick and easy fix of ramen instead of hiking out to chinatown.Extremely delicious authentic ramen! 
This place has a very classy and quaint atmosphere, with a strong themed decor that is both upscale and authentic. The staff is extremely kind and attentive.
The pork buns are super tasty and have a very unique texture. The ramen is very flavorful and has a lot of texture as well. I recommend the Mayo Ramen which is a spicy ramen with plenty of different elements that blend harmoniously despite their extremely variation.
Overall this is a great place for a solid authentic ramen and you will not be disappointed.Trying to support our local restaurants during COVID via DoorDash. This wasn't cutting it. Asked for a 5:15 pickup, they finished making it at 4:50 and alerted me, so I had to sprint there because I didn't want to eat it cold. The guy at the door clearly didn't pay attention to me when I walked in to pick up my order. Not sure why his phone was priority over my pickup. An awkward minute later, hello, still here and waiting. 
Fried chicken - tasted rubbery, not that fried. The dip was overpoweringly spicy. Unnecessarily so. The garlic was too much.  
Shabu Shabu - good beef quality, egg was done perfectly, but what in tarnations is wrong with the soup base. It's like it hasn't been taste tested. Way too salty. Ok I dilute it with water. A half of a tin of Mcormick's worth. I like drinking my ramen broth typically but this is unbearable and had to dump it out. At the end of dumping it out, what's this? a centimetre's worth of pepper. That's the wrong kind of spice bro. 
Hopefully they fix it, or you should skip it.Came here for take out in the middle of the coronavirus pandemic. Very nice servers and quick service. Food left something to be desired. Regardless, remember to go out and support your local businesses in this crazy time!
Ordered edamame, gyoza, and two ramen bowls. One was the curry base which was fine but they forgot to include an extra egg that we ordered. I had the gomuku special bowl. The bamboo tasted odd and I actually left them aside incase they were bad. The broth also was extremely salty and for the first time I felt I couldn't drink the rest of the broth. I appreciated the way they served everything so the noodles didn't get soggy (Broth was separate from the solid ingredients and had to be mixed when you got home). Gyoza was fine but two of the pieces had a bunch of black charred material on the bottom which looked and tasted burnt. Edamame was fine. 
People in the restaurant were very nice. Was packed very well to take home without spilling. Unfortunately it was my least favorite ramen that I've had in Philly.Great place to get ramen. I tried their shio, shoyu, and curry ramens, and they were pretty good for the price, around $12. Will take off 1 star since their base ramens don't come with egg, you have to get that as an extra topping.  I feel for the price, the base ramen should also include the egg.Good food, helpful staff, nice atmosphere! The waiter was really helpful and made great recommendations.They had some amazing Ramen, and the staff was very friendly and would help me in anyway I neededDelicious place. I went here with some coworkers and had an incredible meal. The chicken curry platter is soooooo good!The takoyaki was nice, if a bit on the small side.  However the Hakata ramen was unimpressive, mostly because the broth had a strange flavor.  Overall would get the takoyaki again.The food was mediocre at best. I'm not sure if it was just an off day or what, but nothing we ordered was any better than just ok.Yumm! I decided to check this place out while I was visiting my friend in Philly. The Shabu Shabu Beef was pretty good. My friend tried the Shrimp Katsu Curry Rice and she loved it as well. I highly recommend this spot. The service was amazing. Thank you to all the nice staff and thank you for giving us some delicious recommendations. I will be back!Small little ramen place in Philadelphia! It's not a traditional Japanese ramen place but the taste of the ramen is good! I got the shabu shabu beef ramen and they got the taste perfect in comparing it to hot pot! Definitely a place I'd come back to if I'm ever near it againFirst time here. Outdoor dining. Ramen was great, had the 2 of the chicken katsu ramen one with pork broth and one with vegetable broth both were great. Ordered the spice on the side to make it spicy. Ordered the hakata ramen which was great & one of the spicy ramens. All ramen was delicious, wish portion size was slightly larger. Also ordered the gyoza and takoyaki appetizers. Both were great. Revived two free appetizers as well which was wonderful. Everything was served in containers or plastic and given plastic ware and chopsticks. Also ordered 2 ramen bowls to go and they packaged the broth separately from the noodles so it didn't get soggy, which was amazing. Overall, amazing time, great service, & great food. Did great with Covid precautions. Will come again.Due to the Covid-19, most places are closed. Luckily, Maple Japanese Ramen is still opened. Food here are still delicious like always. Just because of the pandemic, people over exaggerate many restaurants. I'm thankful that these staffs are still working and feeding us due to this crisis. Staffs here are all friendly and kind. Food here stays being one of the best foods I have ever eaten!Some of the best Ramen I've had here in the states at a decent price! I like bringing my friends here when I'm in Philly. The Curry Ramen and Hakata Ramen are our favorites. Also their Takoyaki is always good!Incredible service, very efficient, and fairly priced!
The staff were so pleasant and helpful I reviewing their menuQuite good food and near my house, very convenient for take out when we feel like having a soup, tasty and filling. I have had tastier ramen from China town but it's not convenientQuite decent Ramen in center city - yes most Ramen places outside of China town are fake. This one was not bad.
Came here during lunch and service was fast. I would come back again.We stopped in for dinner without reservations and were seated very quickly. The service was fast and he was very helpful. 
We ordered edamame (well salted) and the wasabi shumai. 
We also ordered a couple of taro bubble tea and those were delicious too. 
For the ramen we got Chicken Katsu Ramen. It was crunchy and fresh and tender on the inside. The broth was creamy and the ramen was perfectly cooked. It was both firm and springy. 
The Akamaru Modem Ramen was also delicious and the pork was tender. 
This place was delicious! I highly recommend it. I had a great experience.5 words or less: relaxed vibe, fast service, flavorful
Relatively new ramen place, highly recommend! Been here a few times for lunch, so not sure how dinner is, but I've never had to wait for a table. Portion sizes aren't massive but I'm def comfortably full after a bowl. I got their shoyu (pictured) and their spicy ramen, both of which are terrific. They cooked the egg AND pork perfectly which deserves a shoutout. Noodles had a solid chew, can't complain one bit. Will have to try some of their apps sometime (specifically their mochiko chicken; every ramen joint has to serve a solid mochiko/karaage chicken.) Open to recs for others great ramen spots!This place is perfect for a big, hot bowl of ramen. It's relatively new, so I wanted to try it out, and came here on a cold night in March. Their selection of ramen bowls is excellent. I'd been to Japan before, but I almost think the ramen they do here is better because of the diverse ingredients in their bowls. I got the Shabu shabu beef ramen and it was great!! It was spicy, but didn't burn my mouth. I'd definitely come back!Super excited for this new ramen place to open up but it didn't really hit the mark. 
We were literally the only ones in there but it still took a weirdly long time to get out food. The strawberry drink was a little too artificial tasting and super sweet. 
The gyoza were fine no complaints. I did not like the beef in the beef ramen. I'd never had it before so maybe it's supposed to taste like that but I didn't really enjoy the meat and that's normally my favorite part. It lacked flavor in general. It was under the spicy section but it literally wasn't spicy at all so I added chili oil and that helped. 
The curry ramen also really lacked flavor for being a curry. 
If I go back here I'll try a shoyu or miso ramen and if it's good I'll update my review but I don't really want to go back. The more exotic ramens didn't really hit the spot for us.We stopped here based on the reviews as it was on the way to Suburban station. It was an unexpected gem. We had a couple of bowls of ramen and were very impressed!  The flavors are excellent and the combinations go very well together. The people sitting next to us were also raving about their ramen. The service was also friendly and helpful. We ate at some high end restaurants the day before but this was a highlight of our trip.Spectacular quality every single time, even with take out orders. I've probably eaten/ordered from here at least 20 times by now and not once have I been disappointed. I like the Gomoku ramen, got a little bit of everything including a soft boiled egg.Avery nice restaurant.  The flavor of food was superb.  Attentive Service and very clean.
Definitely returningTheir pork bone broth ramen is amazing!! Pork bun was good too. And they have good mango smoothies/tea as well.Maple Ramen flies under the radar but as someone with high ramen standards this place always satisfies. We tried eating here a month after it opened and we've been back numerous times (unfortunately only takeout for now due to the pandemic) and it is consistently good. The broth is always flavorful but not too salty and the additions are high quality and generous. I always leave my meal feeling full (and sometimes with some soup sweats) but never greasy or stuffed.
I'd say I enjoy Maple Ramen as much as Terrakawa and how much closer it is to me is a huge bonus.I wish I had pictures to post but it was so good and I was too hungry to care. The food was absolutely amazing! The server was a young girl and she was so attentive! Best service I had in a long time. My husband got a spicy special ramen that starts with an A..(I don't have the menu in front of me). I had the mini which featured one original Raman (I got shoyu) and a fried rice. I also got a pork bun/Bao as an appetizer. ALL THE FOOD WAS FUCKING AMAZING. I will be back for the food and service! The price was also good! Not over priced or anything.This is my updated review since a year ago was the last time I went. They definitely improved on their ramen, the Akamaru ramen is a 2nd day richer tastier broth and really I think they upped their ramen game since last time. The noodles are nice and soft, good texture, the meat cuts are not huge but real tasty not fatty and even a little charred, they added their own special sauce which was a bit spicy but a little sweet yuzu tasting but really good! All the ingredients were prepared well and on the table I finished it all and the broth so kudos! Much better than that Poke Burri ramen I had the other day that was horrible. Also the mochiko chicken is still amazing! So consistently good folks I highly recommend you come in and give this place a chance, I know Terakawa is the most well known but I think this place gives it a huge huge challenge! The music is nice just hope they get a packed business once all the covid restrictions are over because it deserves it!When a friend of mine recommended that we catch up over ramen at Maple Japanese Ramen, I was so down. 1) I love ramen and 2) I love trying out new restaurants. It was a no brainer!
Coming up to the restaurant, I realized that MJR was in the same location where A Mandarin once was :'( (rip) I had a lot of great memories in this place, but it was time to make new ones at MJR.
I thoroughly enjoyed my Miso Ramen! Broth was not too salty and I left not feeling too stuffed or bloated, which is a great sign. On the recommendation of my friend, we requested their chili oil. At first I dipped my ramen/char siu into the chili oil and it was delicious and later added it to my broth which enhanced my experience. I always love the mala (numbing and spicy) quality of chili oil, because it's usually not as potent as other forms of spice, which usually allows me to enjoy the rich flavors of a dish.
At the end of the day, MJR is a solid, new spot for ramen in the city!
Happy eating and stay safe, fam : PVery delicious. I was incredibly excited to see a new ramen place pop up in Rittenhouse. The Shabu beef ramen is my favorite because I'm not a huge fan of chashu.
Love the flavors and love the convenience!Wanna try something other than terakawa so I come to this ramen place based on the yelp rating. 
Hardly to say worth it. I got the Hakata Ramen but the broth was nothing special, making the ramen pretty tasteless without biting on chashu. Egg is my favorite part of the whole ramen, but it is just as good as other ramen place. Mochiko chicken is good but it is definitely Taiwan style rather than Japanese style, while I come here to expect some japan flavor you can't get at other places. Well this place is obviously running by non-japanese so can't really blame that, plus the chicken was good. 
Other things on menu such as Chahan also looks good but this place is a little bit pricey so I would rather go back to my usual ramen place which is cheaper and delicious.Excellent food, I order take out from here often - the Akamaru ramen is my favorite. I've never dined in but the restaurant looks very cute!It's been a while since I had amazing ramen. The employees were kind enough to help me explore the menu given my preferences. I got the Chicken Katsu Ramen with vegetable broth. Really enjoyed the Chicken Katsu on its own and the combination with the ramen bowl. A must for delicious and fulfilling ramen.I love the hakata ramen and get this every-time plus added corn. They're always accommodating and fair and very tasty! On the saltier side.A nice quaint location with decent space and a casual ambiance.
The ramen is well flavored and delicious. The spicy seafood ramen had great flavor and plenty of kick to it.
The spicy beef ramen was fantastic as well, with a nice black pepper spice to itWe came on a Friday night before heading over to Helium comedy club. 
The atmosphere was very open, and it was not overly crowded. Lots of people were getting takeout. 
As far as ramen goes, I give it a 5. The appetizers were my only disappointment. 
We got a bao bub, which was a great pork piece with flavor, but I thought my bun was a little too firm and not as bouncy. 
We also had the wasabi shumai, which wasn't my favorite. I thought it could use some more wasabi and I though the sauce it came with was bland. 
My spicy seafood ramen was great. Just the right amount of heat. Warm and filling just what you want on a cold philly night. The seafood was cooked perfectly, especially the shrimp, and there was plenty of variety. 
My boyfriend had some spicy beef ramen, but I forget the name. He wanted more heat to his broth but ate it all up. We also had a vegan at the table who loved her vegetable ramen. 
I would definitely go for the ramen, maybe skip the appetizers. But hey, we came for ramen and we truly enjoyed it. 
Service was attentive and friendly, and you can BYOB! No bar so that's always a plus.I'm on a mission to try every ramen place in the city, with Terakawa being my go-to, although I try to judge them on their own... it's hard though.
We got the Akamaru Modem and the Hakata Ramen. Both of them were far too salty, which is a lot coming from me, because I am addicted to sodium heavy things in general. I dislike that the menu doesn't tell you the flavor profile of anything; each menu item has a simple list of what the toppings are in the bowl rather than the flavor of the broth or any real descriptor of what you're getting. 
The noodles were the same in both bowls and were good, but not quite as dense and chewy as I'm used to. They soaked up the broth nicely though which was a plus. The charsiu was 10/10 and a highlight of the ramen for sure, along with the fact that they put a whole marinated egg in both rather than just half. 
Overall the flavor of both ramens was very similar, the only real difference being the toasted sesame flavor dominating over the Hakata. Personally, I don't think it is anywhere near as good as the Kyushu Danji/ Mayu from Terakawa, which is  somewhat similar in umami flavor but has way more depth without being so painfully salty. 
We liked the Mochiko chicken appetizer but thought the breading was a little too sweet for our personal liking, it reminded us of cornmeal and didn't really go well with the dipping sauce.
Overall this was still way better than experiences at other ramen restaurants in Philly and would be willing to try again! Considering the other reviews I don't think the overly salty broth we had was the norm.Good service solid food and good choices that will bring you back for more.  Mochiki chicken was crispy and on point.  I had the akamaru modern ramen and the portion is good, tender charisu with a good hint of smoky flavor.  Broth was creamy and with a good amount of spice.I am a sucker for a great ramen! 
This place has a warm and welcoming atmosphere. I loved the lighting and the wall arts. I was well greeted and ushered to my table by the very kind host. The server was extremely kind as well. 
I ordered the Peach Fruit Tea, and surprisingly, it was quite refreshing. It had slices of fruit at the base with boba. Sweet and Refreshing!
For my appetizer, I wanted to try the fried octopus and their Gyoza. Interestingly enough, the fried baby octopus had a tasty crunchy batter and tender, not rubbery in texture. 
My Shoyu ramen's broth was light and did not seem too oily. The flavor had great umami and very tasty. My ramen noodles were nice and hot. It could definitely warm you right up on a cold day. So yummy! 
The chicken katsu had a nice crunch on the outside and a very tender meat to bite. 
I hope you get a chance to try this place.We came here with a couple of friends before a show at Helium Comedy Club on a Friday night. The place wasn't too crowded for a Friday night and we were able to get a table right away. The interior was quaint and pleasantly decorated.
Service was quick and attentive, although a bit disorganized. We were asked if we were ready to order within 5 minutes of sitting down by three different people. I suppose it's better to be over than under served. 
We ordered the Wasabi Shumai to start. They were phenomenal. I wish I would have gotten an order for myself. They were a pleasant texture and had the perfect amount of wasabi kick in every bite. I ordered the Shabu Shabu Beef Ramen for the main dish. The beef was cooked nicely and the egg and everything else added were great. However, the broth was a little bland and definitely needed something salty added to it. It was great once I added a splash of soy sauce, but overall, it was slightly underwhelming.
A nice new ramen spot in Philly where the market's not yet completely oversaturated. Worth a try, but I don't think I'll be a regular.The ramen noodles was great can't wait to go with my friends again after the COVID-19 end. Trust me you would love it :)A new ramen place in Philly? It's a hit or a miss these days from the opening of @ramen that failed and neighborhood ramen that was alright so I totally need to give it a try regardless and compare it with my favorites. This place is definitely not a traditional ramen place, which is a bit disappointing, I much prefer the Japanese style sit in with single seats like Ichiran ramen where you can also see the kitchen and see who the ramen chefs are. Here it's more like a restaurant with chefs and in our case on a Thursday night 1 server. The food still came out at a reasonable time but service seemed to lack. The music playlist was pretty neat though, like throwback late 90s/early 2000s. We ordered a Shoyu ramen,Shabu Shabu ramen, and mochiko chicken.
The food came out and was hot, which was great and chicken came out first. I'm always a fan of appetizers coming out first then meal. You'd be surprised by how many places don't do that. The mochiko chicken was surprisingly plentiful for the price, I mean like a ton of chicken when typically you'd get only a handful of chicken pieces for $8 this felt like a platter of meat. Also the sauce was pretty good with the chicken so we definitely were fans of this one.
The shoyu ramen $10, not a bad price for a decent bowl could've been better but the broth was a bit lacking. The noodles they also give tons of and the charsu meat was really small cuts and lean. Kind of disappointing ramen if you compared to traditional ones. 
Shabu Shabu ramen was something I've never had before. I'm assuming it's a Chinese take on ramen since the bowl I got be warned was spicy! No need to add much spices or seasoning, this was definitely some unique spicy Szechuan ramen with tons of good soft beef  same ramen noodle, a whole egg for $12. 
So overall I think this place isn't and shouldn't be a place to get the best traditional ramen, it's not even close on par to Terakawa in authenticity but I surprisingly enjoyed the Shabu Shabu ramen and mochiko chicken. I would like to try their ox tail ramen too. I think they should continue improving their other speciality ramens and I'd be down to try. If a place like Cheus can make a niche for motza ramen, I'm sure this place can make a niche for Shabu Shabu ramen!I've had this place numerous times since it opened across the street from me, and it was great with good portions.  
However, my girlfriend and I ordered this again today.  She had the Hakata, and I had the Akamaru, and we both had the WORST diarrhea from eating this =(.  Might have been old broth or bad meat used to make the broth.  I know there have been meat shortages due to COVID.  If that was the case, the restaurant should no longer serve this food.  
Please let me know if anyone else got this reaction from eating here!
Edit:
In response to the owner who made a comment below.  I'm sorry if this review caused you to lose any sort of business.  But my review was neither an exaggeration nor untrue.  This was simply my experience. Like I said in my comments, I have been here many times and every time before the last time, it was great with good portions!  Just the most recent time, the ramen was not as good and gave us severe stomach problems.  That's the truth.Hole-in-the-wall Japanese restaurant with limited, pricey but flavorful options. 
In terms of food, my party ordered the shumai, takoyaki, and shoyu ramen. The shumai wasn't impressive at all, tasting like any other restaurants and probably coming from a frozen packaging, if I am being honest. It wasn't, however, terrible. It also was lukewarm. The takoyaki was by far the most amazing thing we had. It's been an extremely long time since I've had decent takoyaki, and this totally blew me away. There was a surprising amount of octopus inside, and they tasted homemade rather than the usual frozen variety I find. I absolutely loved it, but was surprised at the price for an appetizer. It was clear they had raised their prices, as there was tape with sharpie writing on top. However, it made sense due to the pandemic. For the shoyu ramen, it had a strong umami flavor but was delicious, nonetheless. 
In terms of the service, our waitress was very quick on her feet & very gracious considering our numerous requests. 
Overall, I enjoyed going here, but as a college student it's not really in my budget. I would recommend this place to anyone searching for takoyaki or ramen though!I came around lunchtime, and it was mostly empty inside except for a few tables of groups. The service was great. The people who work here were really nice. 
I only had the Hakata Ramen. The broth was a little bland, but the bold flavors of the other ingredients made up for it. Overall it's a nice ramen place outside of Chinatown.This place surprised me. I wasn't sure what to expect with just 30ish reviews that seemed a little mixed. However, my friends and I came here and really enjoyed our meal here. Service was quick for the most part. We got an order of the wasabi shumai and a round of the Akamura ramen per the recommendation of other reviews. The shumai is much smaller than expected but the flavor was good. Surprisingly good given the thought of wasabi in shumai was really confusing when we ordered it but we had gone ahead with it because so many people wrote about it. I think they were not blow your mind amazing but they were quite good and worth the try. The ramen though. We came on a really cold day with not too many people. A hot bowl of ramen in rich broth really hit the spot! It's not quite to the level of a ramen bowl i still dream of from Tokyo but it's up there. I would recommend this place and plan to come back. I should try the other bowls but I'll likely return for the Akamura.No longer will I have to go all the way to Chinatown for decent ramen. The hakata ramen broth here is great. I like to hover my face directly above the bowl of steaming hot ramen to open up my pores while I slurp down delicious ramen noodles. 
The mochiko chicken appetizer portion is pretty big for the price and great to share with a table of friends. The dipping sauce is sweet and soy. I use it to enhance the flavor of the chicken but also to cool down the fresh fried chicken pieces. 
The taro bubble tea could use a little bit more shaking to really chill the drink but the flavor is great and the bubbles the the perfect amount to Q factor to make them chewy but not mushy. 
Good price. Good location. Good food. Good service. A quadruple threat to the other restaurants in the area. An absolute must try.So pumped to have a local ramen stop in Rittenhouse. The mini gyoza and ramen deal is perfect for a quick lunch and the perfect size. Can't wait to try the specialty ramens and the bubble tea!SO stinkin' good! I am obsessed with their Akamaru Modem dish. It is honestly the best ramen I have ever had. Even my husband who doesn't normally like ramen likes this dish. All of the ingredients are perfect and the noodles are the right texture. 
I have probably had these at least 10 times now and crazy enough have never dined in, only done take out. 
Highly recommend all around!