I recently had the pre fixe meal for $22 and I enjoyed the combination of tastes on my plate. The chicken was moist my veggies were tasty but a little too greasy....overall is was a great meal. 
I also use them for take out/delivery. I have always enjoyed the way the package their food, in plastic containers that I use over and over again until they look too worn out and I recycle them. I hate take out places that use so much boxes and cups and card board - it's extremely eco-unfriendly. 
The food here is never spectacular but is a good standby you will always come away enjoying. The prices seem a little steep but the restaurant atmosphere is contemporary, the service has always been splendid and the food is dependable.Great atmosphere, service was very friendly and prices were very reasonable however I found the food a bit bland, not bad just bland. My husband and I were starving after a long drive to Philly and this filled the spot but it wasn't overly enjoyable and we most likely won't be back.Really disappointed. I've been to the Marathon at 18/Spruce and had excellent service, drinks and food. Thought that would transfer to this location - not at all.
To sum it up, our server was extremely energetic, but not in a good way. More like a frantic energy. I was there to enjoy a few drinks and dinner with a friend who was visiting (AKA looking to spend money AKA you will get a larger tip if you let us stay longer) and we were rushed out. Server brought boxes for food we were still eating, without asking if we wanted them. A few minutes later he physically put the food in the boxes at the tableside while mumbling something like "I don't like food sitting on the table." .....we didn't even want to take it home. Next, when we said we were having another friend join for another round or two of drinks he told us we couldn't stay at the booth we were at and we needed to go to the bar. What? I point blank asked him if he was kicking us out of the booth and he said "yes!" energetically. There was no one waiting for tables and there were numerous open tables/booths around the restaurant. I felt extremely uncomfortable and wanted to leave immediately. Our friend joined after all this happened, and when the server came over to ask if they wanted a drink, he seemed surprised when we told him we were just going to leave. YOU LITERALLY just told us we couldn't sit at this table any longer!! We then left.
I worked in restaurants for a long time and I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to restaurant service. I was not pleased at all during this visit.
On another note, the food was not that great.I like their salads, tea, and french fries! The servers were great...I've been here a few times and I'd come back!Sandwiches are great here!  They have a decent menu with a variety of food types. Lunch time gets crowded, but that's downtown Philly.  The jambalaya was tasty and just the right amount of kick.  I'd definitely go back.Pretty typical fare. Nothing exciting or innovative, but nothing too bad or expensive either. Went for dinner one Saturday and got a nice fried flounder platter with veggies. The asparagus was pretty puny, and the waitress forgot to bring it out originally. The music was so loud, you'd think you were at a club.
There are many better options and I'd recommend most of them, but going to the Marathon Grill on 10th and Walnut isn't the end of the world. Just don't go to the one on Chestnut. That is possibly the worst place ever. But that's another review entirely.I really enjoy this place. Lots of healthy options and I love the blueberry pie!  I always stop in after a day of shopping and haven't been disappointed yet!I remember when this was the place - many moons ago. Now, though the portions are large, the menu is dated. Not a bad place to grab a quick bite, but I'm uncertain whether I'd linger.Straight to the point: the service, the one dish I ordered and the inside was very inviting, my hamburger was made perfectly like I like it. The restaurant is really nice and they have good drinks.. No complaintsWe consider Marathon to be Philly's diner. Yummy comfort food at a good price. Tonight, sweetheart loved the matzo ball soup, which is 5-star. I really enjoyed the turkey plate with mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce.  Sweetheart's salmon salad had a lot of yummy ingredients, but the salmon was a bit dry. Marathon is a perfect go-to spot for basic foods that I could make at home, if I cared to cook!When I actually lived in Philly, I never ate at Marathon Grill. I must have been smarter back then. Or maybe it was just because I had my own kitchen. 
As an out-of-town visitor, I've tried it twice (10th and Walnut and the Chestnut St location), both times on a weekday morning on my way out of town. Both times the food hasn't lived up to the menu and has left me with regrets. On the most recent visit, which, I swear, will be the last, my croque monsieur was cold and my coffee sat empty. 
But in both cases, I have to admit, the restaurant provided a nice, nearby, Center City brunchy-breakfast destination that got me on my way in good time. But convenience isn't all that yummy.I came often for the $1 Beers/Wells on Thursday nights. Finally decided to stop in for lunch.
Great food here. Blackened Salmon sandwich with a side of fries for $12.50 caught my attention on the menu.  Will definitely come back for seconds.All over good food. Not super fancy, but I have never had something there that I did not like. 
Recommended items: 
Marathon Burger
Basil Lemonade (alcoholic)
Dark and Stormy (alcoholic)
Vegetarian Chili (awesome!!)
Fire-roasted salsa
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Southwest Salad
Great place to get a decently priced meal and is easy to get into any day of the week.Eh, disappointing food. I saw this place got busy during lunch hour so gave a shot during weekday lunch. 
Place was busy and I saw people getting salad with salmon so I got that one as well. 
My salmon was dry... And lukewarm. Definitely didn't enjoyed my protein. I had only one visit so I can't speak for all but my salad wasn't fresh either that day. Sandwiches on other tables looked good though. That was my first and only trip to Marathon.i've always avoided this place because it seemed played out, but i was extremely surprised yesterday when i popped in for lunch!  the summer market salad with grilled corn was TO DIE for.  it was fresh as can be with  a light balsamic glaze.  the iced tea was also really good, slightly fruity, and the prices were very reasonable.  i'll be back!This is a review for all of the Marathons that exist or have ever existed in Philly. I am pretty sure I have been to all of them over the past 7 years, from West Philly, to Rittenhouse Square, to the oceans - white with foammmmm.
Overall, the food is really nothing special. I somehow just always end up here for lunches because it's just...there. Now there are fewer locations so hopefully this won't keep happening to me.
The main positive of the menus is that there are a lot of healthy options. They have light salads, soups, even quinoa dishes, so there is always plenty to choose from. I normally get the Salmon Burger, which is nice, but I can definitely make this at home. Writing this review is making me feel dumb for going here so many times!We came for a casual brunch out, and found this joint to be a pretty okay place. When we arrived at around 12:40, it was lively and full but not too crowded - no wait. The menu has plenty of tasty options that aren't too pricey. I ordered the Marathon Breakfast which is a great option if you want some bang for your buck. It came with one two egg omelet, toast, potatoes and two pancakes. Pancakes on the larger side and very tasty. Toast a little too crisp but the eggs and potatoes just right. The service was fast and friendly. I'd go for a round two.I stopped by when visiting town for 2 nights . I ate the chicken pot pie which wasn't really chicken pot pie but the insides with a bit of pie crust. Nonetheless it was good. It came part of a 3 course dinner for 20 bucks. I liked the atmosphere and the service was friendly . Just the perfect portion that I didn't feel too stuffed afterwards . I'd go back .I'm very familiar w/ all the Marathons and this is the bleakest star in their dim galaxy! 
The lighting always seems oddly low, not inviting and cozy, more like "we're saving electricity" and want to appear closed. Zero for atmosphere in the evenings... My last time there, after heading in and standing w/ my friend , front and center, waiting to be seated in the 1/4 filled restaurant, we waited easily 10-15 minutes for attention of any kind. The waiters mostly hung out by the bar and in the recesses of the restaurant, slouching and gabbing, w/ not a glance at us obviously waiting....finally, let's call him "Mr.Hunky", deigned to come up and and said "Yo, what's up?". I thought this was a restaurant, not a singles bar from the 70's?
"Mr.Hunky" had passed us a couple times previously but seemed unable to multitask and  seat us at any of the plentiful open tables, too busy to rush back and hang with his posse....I was amazed and said we were waiting to be seated (duh)....but we decided to exit and eat at Jones round the corner where they welcome diners. 
I've been previously underwhelmed, overall, by the food here and at other Marathons. The  new menu seems to have carved down portions on practically everything.  The burgers are the safest bet, but you may as well not bother ordering it to taste, because it's never right. They also got rid of the one thing that was superb on their menu; the Salmon Nicoise Salad. That was my only reason for going there....that and the faint hope that "Mr Hunky" might suddenly realize his true calling and, possibly, only talent and do a spontaneous table dance, for the very first time truly earning his dollar bills! Sorry that I'll miss the performance, as I won't be going back..I have only been here a few times for brunch and the food is pretty decent, but the lines are really long on weekend mornings, which I suppose is to be expected since it's a hot spot.
The last time I went, my friend and I both got burgers, but he ordered his rare and I ordered mine well-done and the waitress mixed our orders up. This was fine since it was just the two of us, but if it was a larger party it would definitely be an issue.Went here for brunch yesterday while visiting from out of town. Waited over an hour for our food, when tables who arrived after us were served. Our server Brandon was nice but I would have really appreciated him just checking in, explaining what the problem was, or simply apologizing for the ridiculous wait time. After all that, my smoked salmon Benedict was almost inedible.  English muffin that was twice as big as what was on top of it, a tablespoon of shredded salmon with wilted spinach, and the sorriest excuse for hollandaise sauce I have ever seen. The menu indicted a Dijon hollandaise but this was the consistency of water. So thin and watery I couldn't even taste it. I never do this, but I actually considered sending it back... But Brandon never asked how our food was. Only giving two stars because my sisters turkey burger was pretty good.Ive been here twice now.
Both times with my boyfriend and we enjoyed it very much.
I got the tortellini with mushrooms and it was scrumptious. My BF for the veg chili and the southwestern salad with Avocado.
Heads up for the Vegetarians out there that stay away from Soy, there veggie burger does have soy in it other wise I would have tried it.
I had ice tea and my guy got the blueberry lemonade. Our server "Erin" was really sweet and refilled my ice tea about a 100 times which I appreciated. It was lunch time and I go through my ice teas. I really liked that it was never empty. 5 starts go out to Erin with the awesome service,
The next time we wen for lunch again and we got the Gazpacho (a special) and the southwestern salad again. we were splitting everything and it was a really great gesture when the salads came out already split. Nice touch!Drinks need to be revamped. Very light on the fruit taste. 
The food was excellent. Had the burger and the city sandwich. Both were very good.Went with with one other person for Sunday brunch.  We were seated right away.  The staff was friendly and we got our food fairly quickly.  The breakfast was delicious and the perfect amount.  I would go back again.The food at Marathon is fine. I ordered an above average turkey club with basil aioli on toasted sourdough bread which I thoroughly enjoyed.
The reason I'm mentioning this place is because the server had enough smarts to recommend the CHOCOLATE MOUSSE.
Chocolate mousse? How good could it be at this restaurant? She said trust me and I said ok. She was right. It is quite possibly the most decadent, rich, dense, chocolatey (thanks to the extra chocolate chips) concoction I've ever experienced and easily the best chocolate mousse I've ever had at a restaurant.
If you're into chocolate mousse, go here and order it. And thank me later.I was super disappointed by our server and my appetizer plate. Don't get the sampler. But I've liked other things here before so on average I'd give it 3 starsCame here for brunch on a Sunday morning. They were able to sit a group of ~10 without a reservation which was a nice surprise. The coffee was delicious and very strong! I got an egg white omelette where I chose my own toppings, and it was delicious. Fresh tomatoes, jalapeños, etc and a generous portion of goat cheese! Server was very friendly, and split our check a million ways with a smile.I love marathon! I have been in here few times and every time, I never had trouble waiting for a table or not getting anything below perfect! The prices are super reasonable and the menu selection is very diverse!Had a surprisingly delicious tofu breakfast scramble. Good service, chill atmosphere. In a sea of Rittenhouse cheese steaks, this was a nice relief.We got there, the place was nice, nice environment, but had a little bit of a diner feel to it (because of the layout).. but then the sign that signals good food... Local Police. Once we saw local police were eating there, it was a sign that this was a good establishment.
Foot was cooked perfectly. Everything was delicious and it was reasonably priced, especially considering we were in the city center. 
Great selection for everyone.Sunday brunch. Waited for the server to acknowledge me and take my order. Waited quite a while for my adequate food. Waited for my check. Won't be back.10th and Walnut is the newest addition to the Marathon Family, and unlike its sister store on Chestnut, it does not look like bad 90's design. In fact, this new bi-level location is super swanky in comparison. With exposed brick, and bridges the restaurant decor might fool you into thinking you're in a Starr restaurant. 
The menu is the same as all of the other Marathon Grills. In my opinion, for the price the food is good. In fact, the food is just good. I rarely have a problem with anything I order. The standard fare is made up of salads, sandwiches, breakfast all day, and smoothies. 
Now, my biggest problem with this location is that the service was SLOW. But that might be a result of just opening.The 10th street location used to be a staple for taking guests out to lunch while at Jefferson. It's a shame it is gone but hopefully Square Peg can pick up where Marathon left off. 
Luckily there is still this location serving about the same menu. One of my teams  had a gift card that was long overdue to take advantage of so we set out here for lunch. Unfortunately they do not take reservations for groups at lunch so the 9 of us had to roll the dice. It was packed so the best they could do was two back to back booths after a 15 minute wait. This wasn't so bad except in the back left hand corner there is a ton of noise coming from behind a faux wall (that gets hot also) with dish washing in full effect. 
Nonetheless our service was great as we spent about 1.5 hours here. I had a 16 hour brisket sandwich special of the day that was delicious as the fries are nice and crispy. A solid plate for $10 but in general the menu does not have anything to get too excited about. Most of the other people got salads on this hot day which all looked tasty and fresh too. 
I would recommend this place for someone looking for a solid sit down lunch in Center City, but probably not for a true foodie.Good for a casual family place. For children - pancakes were a big hit!!!  Mac and cheese was spicy and cheesy for their taste.  Alcoholic drinks were fine.  I loved the salmon sandwich with Caesar salad.  Salmon was moist and yummy.  Light, tangy dressing.  And not too heavy.  Chicken fingers were dry.  .  Kale salad and an oriental like salad were big hits.  
Friendly service.  Well attended.  Comfortable.Marathon was ok, but nothing spectacular.  They have a nice $20 for a 3-course dinner deal, which made it extremely affordable.  However, I opted for Chicken Noodle Soup and the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The veggies in the soup were cooked perfectly, as were the noodles and chicken.  However, the soup had no flavor and there was too little noodles, veggies and chicken to the amount of broth.  The chicken sandwich was delicious though.  I also had the spiked apple cider, warm, but it wasn't that great.  Service was ok, but I wanted to order my soup first so that the sandwich wouldn't come out too quickly.  My waiter assured me to put in my whole order and they would time it appropriately, but as I suspected I was only two spoonfuls into my soup when my sandwich came.  Overall, ok, but nothing more.Nothing special but open late Sunday night and I like that they try to source everything from local farms.
With my blackened chicken sandwich (which was really good) I got fries, though I asked for a salad.  I overlooked this because the fries were also really good.I got food poisoning after eating at this restaurant. I would recommend avoiding it at all costs.My friend visting from California and I both tried the grass fed cheesesteak sandwiches, they were definitely a lot less greasy than a conventional steak, but  kinda bland in terms of flavor and a bit of a let down for my friend who was attempting to try her first true Philly cheesesteak.. the caesar salad served with them was OK, but not too exciting. interesting cocktails (albeit $10 each) are available, I tried dark and snappy it was pretty good.. however the cheesesteak wontons are a must try in my humble opinion!!! just a small appetizer plate but they are great. waitress was very friendly, service was very good, she was full of advice for us. the interior is clean and the environment pretty pleasant.No service, waited 20 minutes for someone to approach the table. When asked if there was service I received a shrug from the host.I really love this place. They have a ton of healthy options and the service is excellent every time I come. I am a vegan, and there are delicious appetizers, salads, and more that I can custom order to make work for my diet. Great locations throughout the city as well. Love coming here!The restaurant is okay. Came here with a group on the school's wallet, so I can't comment on how much the food was. It seemed fairly reasonable. Nothing was all that memorable, service and portions were decent. It's a bit removed from the group of restaurants by Rittenhouse, so it's a bit unfortunate that it has a mediocre location. 
I do want to note that the banana bread pudding for dessert was very delicious! Would order that again if I ever come back!Marathon does not seem like a five-star restaurant on the surface, but when you dig deep and go there regularly, you realizw why.  The food is so delicious and so consistent there. Never a surprise. Their salads, sandwiches, and brunch items are some of my favorites in the city. Screw Stephen Starr and Jose Garces. A great home-cooked meal awaits you at Marathon!Excellent way to start the morning!! Great Sunday place to meet for breakfast. HUGE protions and very reasonable prices.
Had the Spinach and Feta omlette with egg whites only, rye toast, big OJ. I left full and my wallet was satisfied too.
I say go and have a good breakfast. Oh yah...the waiteress was really cute too ;-) This had no bearing on the tast of the food...honest.For brunch only - was never impressed by the service, however the place was really always packed. tip - if you are in a group of two sit at the bar, others you'll be eating your brunch way too close to some random people. They pack them in like sardines. Omelettes were always solid and toast was well done. A good option if you are hungover and need some fast grub.I come here only when absolutely necessary. It is busy however when it is not the service goes way way down. It is as if the wait staff knows who will give them a good tip and who will not and serve accordingly. I know I never enjoy my food here even if it is good. My tips usually at least 22% but always end up giving around 15%. I guess when you are a landmark you can do fuc all and still be busy.Marathon is one of those occasionally unavoidable places for Center City kids.  It's true, their menu is much more interesting than their actual product, but Brunch is generally spot on.  Their Breakfast quesadilla is one of my favorite brunch entrees in the city.  However, it's rare you'll see me here for lunch or dinner.  While I love the variety of ingredients and creativity of salad/sandwich combinations (especially for vegetarians), I have yet to actually experience a Marathon salad/entree that has lived up to my expectations.
As far as this specific location, I've come to the upstairs bar a few times.  It's fair.  I like the exposed brick and variety of seating options.  I do not like the overcrowdedness, the long wait to order drinks, and the randomly indifferent staff.  I'll come back when I'm in the area and want to grab a random drink, but I don't see myself making plans to come anytime soon.Loved it they food was great i had this awsome salad called the center city it was so filling for a salad i was surprised plus fresh mozzarella and beefsteak tomatoes how can u go wrong i added the pesto chicken it was perfectly seasoned and moist.  the service was great and i think the price is reasonable definatly and good afterwork hot spot or a place to get a simple quick bit to eat in a nice relaxing atmostphere.Marathon Grill? eh.
Rainy Fri. night after the show at Walnut St. Ran between raindrops a short way down Walnut. Marathon Grill, right? good reputation. My friend and I, (OK, 2 older types) walked in and wanted to just sit at the bar and have a drink (or two) and a snack (or two, or three). The hostess almost tackled us to sit at a table - maybe because sitting at the bar is discouraged. Just saying.  Ordered a beer (bartender seemed to be beer-challenged) and a gin and tonic (eh.)  Felt pretty unwelcomed (did I mention we are 2 older lady types?) Ordered a plate of hummus just till we got our bearings. Hummus was mashed chick peas with no flavor. No unedible, but...eh.  Pita pieces were good. Like that matters at that point. Anyway, one big "EH." Only giving it 2 stars because the young man who came out 2x from the back when the bartender disappeared was really nice.  Left and went to South Philly Bomb Bomb Room. to see the Flyers win. Were made to feel welcome there at least.
P.S. Nice looking place. (not Bomb Bomb which is dinky but good - Marathon looks nice)Great food at affordable prices.  I thoroughly enjoyed my awesome tomato, basil, and mozzarella omelette with piping hot french fries at 1 pm in the middle of a busy day in downtown Philadelphia.
Loved the casual, welcoming ambiance.I've come here for drinks and brunch as well, and both times I feel like I was more impressed with the ambiance than the place itself. For drinks we were sat at the bar and had decent conversation, but the bartender was not very attentive, and sadly drinks were just poured ok, and for about $10-12 a pop, I expected more. 
For brunch, the girls and I came in to mend a bachelorette party hangover and were sat right away and thought, fabulous! Sadly our loaded grilled cheeses (bacon, avocado, egg, cheese on sour dough bread) took an ETERNITY!!! I literally had 2 cups of coffee and still nothing. Our waiter checked on us only one time and we had to flag him down to give us our check as well as to take it. Yes, I get that brunch is busy, but we got there when there was no wait at 10 am, and ordered really simple items....all three of us actually ordered the SAME thing!
Thankfully prices are not crazy,  very reasonable for brunch at about $10 a plate, we sadly were not even able to order a mimosa because our waiter was too busy, but alas, we did have a good sandwich with really fabulous potatoes. I would return, because the food was delicious, but most likely when I'm not starving.Great turkey burger. I would've taken a photo but I ate it too fast. I will go back for breakfast tomorrow.Jordan the hostess was very patient and helpful in taking care of things early on; took care of me while I waited for my (late) party to arrive. Outside seating is nice, and only suffers from all the dag gum noise (who knew 10th st. was THAT busy?). But you do live in the city, so suck it up, eh? Wide selection of beers that came quick and cold. I had the salmon entree which was the cats' ass (not the fishes). Overall awesome experience.I ordered the turkey chilli and it was sold out. I was so disappointed. My meal consisted of mashed butternut squash, lots of carrots and very tender beef. It was bland! It could of used a bit more seasoning. I had the lemon pound cake for dessert...it was delicious!!!! 1 scoop of ice cream was all i needed. Now the service was okay. The table guy was more attentive to us than our waitress, but i will say she had a lot of tables. We basically had no drink with our meal.Marathon is Marathon is Marathon is Marathon.
This one is not really all that different in terms of food, though the flank steak sandwich special was super yummy (albeit priiiiiicy at 16.95). 
Normally, though, I've known Marathon to have particularly crappy service. Our waitress was fan-effing-awesome. As a former server I can say with authority that she did everything she could to make it a good night. It wasn't too crowded which maybe helped a little. Two of us decided to split a salad and an entree and she had them both put into smaller separate plates, instead of having to pass back and forth. There was a mix up with one of the sandwiches and she brought out fries to tide my friend over. AND she totally humored a group of 9 girls and took pictures for us. 
If you go to this Marathon, request Jessica. She rocked my socks. And the steak sandwich was pretty good, too.I like the *idea* of Marathon more than I actually like going there. I have a weekly appt near this place and tried going here afterwards for some readin' and eatin' (aka "I have no friends and am by myself and hunnnngry"). I almost always order the chicken salad sandwich with a side salad and it's tasty, for sure. Everything is fresh and all that. But it's not food-gasmic, you know? Also, I know this shouldn't be a complaint, but the service is too fast. I like to sit and wait a while and here I feel rushed, which ruins the lazy late lunch vibe I'm trying to get going.A couple of friends and I met here for brunch on a Sunday morning. It was completely lackluster. My eggs with lox and capers was okay and the hash browns were greasy. My friend ordered the French toast with berries; the berries turned out to be jam. The only real positive is that we were seated quickly. With so many great places in the city to go for brunch, I don't think I'll be coming back.I've been to this Marathon several times and had great service but yesterday was awful. We were seated pretty promptly but then had to wait 10 min before our waitress came over to take our order. She was short with us and hardly said a word. We waited 40 mins for our food and she never checked on us once. We had to ask two other people where our food was. Several people came in after us, got their food and had already left by the time we got ours. The food was great as always. I'm not sure if he was the manager but one of the guys working there said our meal was one him. If it weren't for that, I probably would never go back.I hadn't been to this Marathon in about 2 years. Since then the prices have risen but I found the service is better than it used to be. I will not be returning though.  I had forgotten my green card and they were unable to give me points for the two expensive breakfasts I had. It's not worth the price anymore. I will go back to frequenting Le pain quotidien. It has less options but the food is organic, tastes better and about the same price now!Had takeout from Marathon.
Meatloaf was pretty tasty.  Solid.
Turkey plate was hard to eat.  Actually, I didn't want any more after trying a bite.  Turkey was overcooked and dry.  Stuffing was overly salty.  Maybe the turkey didn't travel well for takeout, although overcooked is still overcooked whenever you serve it.
Somewhere between 2 & 3 stars.recently went here for my birthday with a huge group of 16. we were treated well and everyone liked the food! i met a guy who got fired for having 3 facial piercings even though they hired him that way - a customer complained and so they let him go. not fair!A group of us stopped in for a light bite and some drinks. We just so happen to get here during their happy hour (which ends at 7:00pm - very nice). Between four of us, we had the app sampler, matzoh ball soup, mac and cheese and two rounds of drinks. The Marathons throughout the city are a good for American food and drinks; don't expect anything above average. The food was fine, nothing groundbreaking. Ditto on service. 
I do have to note this (which I hate): their bathrooms need work ASAP. The first bathroom did not have a working lock; I had to make sure I had a friend to guard the door. The second bathroom's toilet did not work well. Their soap was watery. While I was waiting for my friend in the bathroom, I saw a cockroach! eek! I know it's the city, but still... I think I will stick with drinks only.Went here with friends on a Thursday evening and really enjoyed the atmosphere. The waitress seemed a bit off in answering some questions about the menu, but I will say everything came out decent. I got the grilled salmon and it was yummy, and my sister got the Marathon burger which she raved over. Drinks were a little slow, but it was pretty crowded. All in all I'd come back, just maybe on a less crowded night.Came here before Hurricane Irene hit for a quick brunch.  Was visiting for the weekend and this placed looked busy, so why not?!
We were seated and the waitress came to take our order soon. Banana brioche french toast with dulce de leche sauce for about 10 bucks and salmon benedict for 11.50, with a side of fruit salad for 4.50.
Shortly after we were seated, the manager that morning asked to move us to a nearby booth, as he was expecting a large wedding party. We didn't mind, and even better, he said that he would take care of our breakfast for our helpfulness.
The food was standard brunch fare, but what really stuck out was the banana brioche french toast with the dulce de leche. My boyfriend was crying as he ate it. Crying.
I was just so impressed with the customer service. Definitely would come back for a quick bite to eat.Why is there not an option to give 0 stars? There should be.
WHY WHY WHY WHY would people come here to spend money? Every time I see this restaurant packed with people, I just wanna go in there & scream "LEAVE before you taste their horrible horrible icky overpriced food!" & then steal their cute little wooden tables/chairs that they have for outdoor seating. I first went here for brunch. I ordered the eggs benedict which wasn't too bad at all until my food started to get colder, I could finally taste how salty it was. Gross.
The second time I came here with my sister, just to grab a couple appetizers to hold our appetites until dinner. The waiter was very friendly & kind. He suggested the vegetarian chili & the artichoke dip. First off, never again get vegetarian chili. Chili is not chili without the beef. Also Marathon, if you would, could you please kindly SEASON your food? The artichoke dip was gross also. Artichokes in ranch dressing? Seriously? Whatever. I could have made a better dip myself.
NEVER ever again. UGH.WOW!!! The name says it all what a MARATHON!!!The wait time to get your order is ridiculous!!! Waited over 30 minutes and the excuse was "We had a large party" how is that MY fault???Food is very average. Won't be back!! Offered dessert for the trouble, then when we ordered we were informed we could only get one dessert.  Humm... There were 2 in our party. Not a good experience, 
don't bother. There are far better restaurants in Philly to try!The food was fine, once we got it. The service was very, very slow. Many tables of people who came later than us were served before us.Great place. We had excellent 4 star vegetarian chili, a turkey club and a Caesar salad. Service was good and we will definitely eat there again.I was craving a salad, but I wanted a specific kind of salad.  A friend recommended we try Marathon.  I saw the menu and found a few salads that looked good.  Then, when we sat down, they handed us the "control freak" menu.  There are a few categories (burgers, salads, etc.).  In the salad section, there is a list of greens, veggies, and various ingredients/toppings/cheeses.  I was able to design the very salad I wanted: mixed greens, grilled veggies, feta cheese.  It was fabulous!  
I went back another day for a hearty, yummy burger.  The fries were fresh-cut potatoes.  
Marathon might become one of my favorite spots in Philly.  I'm a sucker for fresh, well-prepared food.  It need not be fancy.Brunch at this place is the best!  Salmon scramble was so good as were all of the accompanying items.  Also tried the blueberry marscapone stuffed french toast, which was just as good!  It wasn't too sweet, great flavor.  I will be back here often!My good friend lives nearby this locale so it's kind of our fallback, don't-know-where-else-to-go spot.  If you're familiar at all with Philly, you probably know the deal with Marathon...it's a serviceable choice that probably has something to hit the spot no matter what time of day it is.  
It doesn't rise much above the "meh" level, but it's kind of hard to be everything to everyone, as this chain valiantly strives to be.  So I'll settle for just A-OK.  
My quibble is the service, while not awful, is consistently, frustratingly slow.  Sometimes the servers are walking around in a zombie-like stupor.  (are they hungover too?)  Even so, 15 minutes is too long to wait for a coffee refill, dudes.Great place downtown for brunch. The marathon burger was amazing, but the bacon is as well and Id recommend a side of that with any dish. The breakfast burrito was great as well. They play great tunes as well. They lost a star only because the coffee was on the weaker side.Got takeout from here for lunch. I had the Housemade Veggie Burger with a Caesar salad and a brownie for dessert. The burger was DELICIOUS!!!! Prices were reasonable. I will come again for that burger.This place should be called Crawl, not Marathon.  While the food is decent and the prices are reasonable, the speed of the service was beyond slow. 
My friend and I walked past Marathon after going to the Kimmel Center.  The menu looked good and the prices were surprisingly reasonable for the area, so we stopped in.  The atmosphere was welcoming: imagine steakhouse meets fair trade coffee shop (I know that's a hard atmosphere to conjure, but I swear it's the most accurate). Warm but focused on natural woods and cool lighting but you can tell they definitely serve meat ...
Anyway, the menu was basic Americana - burgers, salads, sandwiches, and a couple of more expensive entrees. Here's where things got a little rocky.  Our server was painfully unaware of what their rotating drafts were (I'm sorry, but telling someone it's a Yards does not describe the beer ...) and it took at least 15 minutes to get our drinks after ordering (we each got a beer on tap). After we got our drinks and ordered it took another 30 minutes to get our food which was a burger and crab cakes. The food was solid and the sweet potato fries were quite delicious but just not worth the wait.
Overall, this place was just mediocre and probably not worth seeking it out given all the other options around.I just did lunch takeout and was very happy.  Friendly and fast service - even with the in-dining area packed.  Only had to wait 5 minutes for my matzo ball soup and beet salad special. Soup was great and I LOVE the beet salad.  Hoping they add to their standard menu.CALL AHEAD FOR SEATING ESPECIALLY FOR BRUNCH. Luckily we did this for our large group and we did not have to wait for a table. We had a group of 9 and they were able to put tables together easily. The location is also handicap accessible as our group had one member in a wheelchair. One note though is it is next to impossible to get someone in a wheelchair to their bathrooms. If you are on crutches or more mobile, you should be good to go. 
The food was excellent and so were the mimosas, however, do not come here for brunch if you are in a hurry. It took about 40 minutes for our food to arrive after ordering. If you are alone, it is possible you will have a faster turn around but not guaranteed. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
The reason I do not leave 5 stars is due to there only being two non gender single bathrooms, the bathrooms not being wheelchair accessible, and the excessive wait for our food.4 stars?  I know, I'm as surprised as you are.  I've been to a few other Marathons around town, and left disappointed every time.   I protested when this place came up as an option, but hunger won in the end and ended up there for lack of other options.  
The service was spotty, and at least three people broke/dropped dishes while I was there.  My steak salad with arugula, fennel, gorgonzola and a table by the window made up for it.  
2 people, one soup and two salads for $26.  Marathon survives another day in my book.My go to brunch spot. Also the only brunch place that seems to be open before 11 am. Such a great neighborhood spot to grab a quick dinner also. All the food is great that I have tried. Great happy hour also with cheap drink prices. I love their create your own salads. They can get pricey but they are really good. And who doesnt love $5 mimosas?So accommodating to the kids.... great food... great kids menu... nice waitress...all around good experience!Went here twice this past weekend, once for a late dinner and once for brunch. The dinner was pretty good...food was enjoyed by all (despite taking an unreasonable amount of time to arrive), decent drink selections, fair to middling service. This was when the six of us were just about the only party there. I'd chalked the slowness up to it being late so maybe they were short staffed or in the middle of cleaning. It wasn't a big deal then because we were content to lounge around for a while. Brunch today was another story. I called twenty minutes before we were to eat to see if they could accommodate a party of eight. They said no problem, and would be awaiting our arrival. We get there and the host said the table still wasn't ready but he'd make sure we were seated soon. He did nothing of the sort. Rather, he went ahead and sat no fewer than three small parties (which had arrived after us, naturally) at large tables while we stood there taking up space. After we'd been there for twenty five minutes, with not so much as a glance from the host, someone leaving the restaurant came up to one of us and said "Just leave now, the service is obviously terrible and the food is even worse." So we turned around and went to the Continental instead. Which was lovely.OK the upstairs is a great place to have a party, but do not come here for dinner or any meal! Go to another marathon please!
I love the chicken fingers at marathon on the square, but here they are dry and stringy. I was too hungry to complain so I ate them. My friend is a pescetarian and they were out of salmon! She was sad! 
Again desserts stink so we walked across the street to wawa for ice cream!So I heard about this place through a friend. It's a nice place. There really wasn't anyone there. It was a weeknight, So I take that into consideration. The food was good, but the bar tender (down stairs) didn't tend the bar too well. I don't like having to flag an employee down to ask them to get the bar tender for another drink, especially on a slow night. The upstairs was a different story, the bar tender tended. 
The overall look and feel of the place was cool. Very open. Relaxing. The lighting sets a great mood. (take a first date to this place, it's got that "i'm in to you, so let's learn about each other" vibe to it) you'd definitely be able to make conversation and actually hear what the other person is saying. Not a bad place. 
Great location for Parking, there is a parking garage right on 10th, and it's just a hop, skip, and Jump to the joint.The food was good.  You'll enjoy your meal.  I wouldn't expect anything thats going to blow your mind; but, it was good and the service was cool.Decent quality food. Their vegetable and grain salad is my favorite.
Their burger is OK. Nothing terrible, nothing to write home about.
Fabulous service! I've ordered To Go here and on the premises and both times, they've been great.
I do want to go back to check out their Happy Hour/bar scene.I ran a marathon to get here ;) 
jk I only walked like 3 blocks. 
Usually it's always crowded but today my friend and I were lucky enough to get a seat. The food is great and so are the prices. Servers are very kind and welcoming.Ambience: a panera is cozier
Food: burger was great (probably overpriced) and the caesar was lackluster
Service: just okay
Go or don't go: eat anywhere else- Philly offer so many other wonderful choicesWe only had one breakfast here, but it was good, came quickly, and was a good value for money. I don't know why this place isn't reviewing better. The waitress and hostess were cheerful and competent, and that's as good as it gets.Stopped in for a quick drink and a bite to eat and had one of the worst experiences of customer service since moving to Philadelphia.  We sat at the bar and there was no bartender.  The others at the bar were also just sitting around with waters waiting on a bartender to show up.  When the bartender did show up, he was unfriendly, spoke quietly and acted annoyed when we repeated questions.  It took 3 tries to get a food/drink list out of the bartender and then the bartender disappeared again. After 15 minutes, and one extremely overpriced beer, we left cash on the top and bailed.  
My review may be limited to the bar, but other servers saw a bunch of patrons waiting at the bar and none of them did anything.  Even a manager came by and asked us where the bartender was, as if we would be able to provide that answer.  Horrible service all around...do yourself a favor and skip this place and enjoy dinner and drinks at the wide variety of other locations in this area that care about you being there and not about the football game on in the background.  The only reason I gave it a 2 star is because the food looked interesting.Hits and misses but honestly I come for the ambience and vibes. Also the fries are good and it's a awesome place to chillI went there today and was disappointed that a woman at the front register had a cough and used a paper towel to grab spinach for my smoothie. She did not wash her hands. 
Needless to say I threw the smoothie away and it wasn't even blended completely. I will not be returning to this establishment. 
Sick employees should not work around food!I think the thing that really impressed me about this place is the bang-for-your-buck factor. The food, while not extravagant, is very good, and it's less expensive than other restaurants of similar quality. My wife and I have been a couple of times and have had similar experiences each time.Every time my husband and I visit Philly this is our go to breakfast place... Love the salmon goat cheese omelette! However this past time the server wasn't as on point as the others we've had took almost as long for her to bring us our check as it did to eat our food... However these things happen and I'm sure we'll return next time in town!food is pretty good especially the turkey platter (thanksgiving dinner) and the meat loaf .service is fast i am in and outNice spot in center city. The food is good, but the place is usually crowded and noisy. If you're ok with being in a noisy place, the food is really good so it's worth it.  I recommend you the quiche. It has good flavors and texture.Why are there five of these downtown?  
Anyway, I went with a large group (20ish) for dinner around 6pm on a weekday.  There were maybe 7 other people eating when we showed up.  Thanks to reservations we were seated promptly and drinks soon arrived.  Food however, took an eternity.  I understand you want to bring everyone's dinner out at the same time and some idiot orders something special to slow it down, but it still took a while for our fairly simple orders.
Luckily our waiter was a nice guy and very attentive.  And while our food was decent, I think it was mainly hunger that drove me to eat every morsel.  The options on the menu looked fantastic, but no one really raved about the taste at the end.Since my friend lives right down the street, we came here for Sunday brunch.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table which wasn't too bad.  We both ordered the Breakfast Quesadilla and shared the Short Stack Pancakes.  I loved the idea of the Breakfast Quesadilla and it was very yummy.  The pancakes were nothing to write home about.  This is a fairly inexpensive place for quality food and I did not feel like I was rushed to finish my food like I do at other crowded brunch places.We ate here twice for breakfast and I'd say it's ordinary at best.  The first time I had pancakes and a side of sausage.  The pancakes were fluffy enough and not bad, but with the butter and syrup and not so great sausage I felt like it was just plain old diner food.  The next time I had eggs, I believe called the Marathon special or some such thing.  Eggs came prepared OK, sunny side up, but again nothing to get too excited over or all that special.
The wait staff seemed somewhat complacent, friendly, but not overly into the job.  Both times the restaurant had some customers, but not all that many.
For breakfast on the run, perhaps OK, but otherwise find somewhere that steps it up a bit.Eggs Benedict fresh and served hot.and fast -omlet perfect size 
With good portion of home fries. Wait staff excellent attentive and anticipates your needs.This place is all-show, no-go.  It looks nice and they are always in good locations.  But the food is average at best and usually downright mediocre.  I work at Thomas Jefferson Hospital and we often order lunch from Marathon Grill and it's always the same thing.... I think the menu description sounds great and the food never matches the description.I'm really struggling to understand why there are so many of these in Philly. Maybe it was the fact that we went on a Sunday, but I found this to be pretty mediocre. The only plus is that it's pretty reasonably priced, but the food and service was completely meh. We came in with a group of seven, and even though the restaurant was COMPLETELY empty, were seated upstairs. It took forever for the server to come and take our orders...forget even trying to get ketchup or tabasco sauce during the meal. The salads are pretty good but everything else is forgettable.Was visiting Philly for the first time and had heard good things about the food the city has to offer. Good thing I didn't hold my breath because Marathon did not go the extra, err, mile. . . 
It was a beautiful April day so my biggest demand was that we find a place with outdoor seating. Marathon certainly fulfilled that requirement with plenty of outdoor seating along the sidewalk, perfect for people-watching. Next: mimosa time! Welp, they had a sign out advertising their mimosa specials, so I thought, how could I go wrong with this place? Here's how: They were out of champagne!!! Grrr. They should have either taken the sign down or offered a different drink on special to replace it. Then came the food: My omelet looked really good when it arrived, but when I tasted it, it was kinda gross. Like they added milk to the eggs or something--tasted like scrambled eggs in the shape of an omelet stuffed with bacon and cheese. Really weird flavor. Potatoes were good, though. All in all, I'd say that the food and beverage did not live up to the cute atmosphere. Either that, or moving to NYC has really altered my expectations of what a good meal should taste like. Next!After my original bad experience at the 10th & Walnut location, a manager contacted me regarding the situation. I was given a $20 gift card and invited to return, which I did tonight (2/16/11).
I'm happy to report that the food, like last time, was excellent. Additionally, the service was SIGNIFICANTLY improved. Our waitress was polite, friendly, and efficient. My water glass was never empty and I received everything in my order in a timely fashion.
I greatly appreciate the fact that a manager reached out to me about my original experience. Good customer service like this seems to be a rare thing these days, which made me appreciate the gesture even more.
So, in summary: Excellent food and excellent service. Whatever issues were present before seem to have been fixed. I will definitely be returning to Marathon in the future.Although I had an issue mentioned in my first review of the restaurant I failed to point out their creative and eclectic menu.  All the dishes we had were delicious and different in a non traditional way.   Fresh Squeezed OJ was a treat, hard to find these days.Break's my heart to leave a bad review for this place but they earned it.
I bring in 11 people for lunch and they hand me a bill with a 20% tip added to it.  (I felt 20% was a bit high but just a bit, no big deal) They do not circle it on the bill nor does the waitress tell me she added $40.00 to my bill.  In all the restaurants I have owned and worked at that is reason for immediate termination.  Bringing in 11 people to their half empty restaurant was not enough but they wanted to bang me twice on a tip...
Wrong... Too many great restaurants in the Great City of Phily to go to a Thief....Wonderful Sunday Brunch-hard to decide what to order. We settled on the Smoked Salmon Benedict and the Blueberry Mascarpone French Toast. Well prepared, simply presented, and delicious. If I lived in the area I would be eating here a lot.We went here for brunch.  Our waitress was friendly but flaky, the food was alright, ambiance was funky, but the main problem was the upstairs bathroom:  no soap.    YUCK!UPDATE:
I have removed 3  stars from my original review.  Came here again a few weeks ago, with family and friends I had from out of town.  Service was HORRIBLE.  If the food was spectacular I would even over look the fact that the wait staff are incompetent, but their is no overcompensation of anything to over look how poorly taken care of you are in this facility.  
We came here on a Monday during lunch time rush.
pros:
-Got seated immediately.  
-2 floors, decor was fresh and comfortable, booths are HUGE.  
-Food was great and priced accordingly.
-Restrooms [VERY important to me at least] CLEAN
Cons:
-I had my daughter with me and really preferred a booth just so I can keep her in her seat.  After many requests and promises that we would be moved.  We weren't moved for another 45 minutes.  While parties of 2 were being seated in these huge booths.  Families, and larger parties were all seated in little tables, that were way too crowded together.  EVERYONE was complaining.  This is the hostess fault, and I have heard from a lot of people that they also had problems with the hostess  at other Marathon locations.  [ Maybe they just have bad judgement on hiring?]
-after waiting well over an HOUR for our food, the waitress finally came back to tell us that the computers were down and that was the cause to the delay.  Ok help me understand this.  The kitchen stood around for an HOUR during the LUNCH RUSH, with NO orders, and no one checked if something was wrong?  FINALLY our food came out, my brother had the Chicken sandwich.  I had the tuna salad, on a toasted baguette w/ provolone, Bellinda had the chicken toes.  Everything was delish.  
The upside to all this?  The whole restaurant was comped.  Big loss for Marathon that day.  So over all.  No complaints either then the hostess was dumb.the marathon grille is great for anyone who has no idea what they want to eat because their menu is very extensive. i have always liked, not loved, the food here. it's trendy and def great for tourists.We came here for brunch after running the 10k Bridge Run.  First we were told 30 minute wait--not bad--so we went to sit at the bar. First thing we noticed was that the brunch menu htat was otuside the restuarant and had items we wanted to eat--was NOT the menu that was available after you got inside!  We decided we would find something else to eat as we were tired from teh race.   So...we waited for about 15 mintues at the VERY empty bar area before the bar tender even asked for our drink order.  We finally put in a drink order--mimosa and bloody mary--and then after another 20 minutes of wating watcher the bartender --well, do nothing--not even serving drinks to other people--we got up and left.  There were only 4 of us at the bar and the other seats were empty!  The bathroom was nasty as well.This is always a solid choice. Everything I've tried has been good. The fries are  really good, that's worth it right there. I usually get the grilled veggie wrap, and the other sandwiches are solid too. 
Don't recommend the veggie burger, but I do recommend the salmon burger.Having once lived in Philly many years ago, I remembered The Marathon Grill (as it was known back then) for being consistently good food & excellent service.  I'm happy to say that nothing has changed in all that time!  With the exception of the decor, which is even better now!  Kudos Marathon!  I'll def come back next time i'm in town...I come here on thurs nights from 10-11 because they have dollar well drinks and beers. Also if you are sitting at a table, they randomly give you food. 1st time this happened to me I was confused, but now I have come to expect and crave it. It's usually some sort of flatbread pizza type. It's good and something to munch on. The upstairs bar is pretty sweet, decent amount of space and the atmosphere is trendy. Marathon on 10th is becoming one of my regular places that I visit and you can usually find some decent lookin girls there. 
Also, for the actual restaurant area, I like it too. They have a good menu for good prices. Most of the entrees are about 10-15 dollar area depending on what you get. I usually get a sandwich and an app and can get away with about 20 dollars for a good meal.I've been to a number of the Marathon Grills in the city, and would say I usually have an average of a 2 1/2 star experience.  Sometimes everything goes swimmingly with the service and the food is great, and sometimes the orders get mixed up and they're out of everything.  Yesterday I went to the 10th street location, which is definitely the nicest atmosphere.  It's 2 stories (also has outdoor seating) and is light and airy.  
We went around noon, and they were already out of both of the soups of the day, which confused me.  The blender was also broken, which was a bummer since I was craving a smoothie.  Though that started off the meal on a bad foot, the experience definitely improved.  I got the blueberry lemonade, which was really refreshing.  One of my dining companions thought it was too sweet, but I thought it was fine.  I ordered a veggie burger with Vermont cheddar, which was delicious.  The patty was hearty and tasty, and the fixings were fresh.  The fries were also good, though a bit oily.  
I've been to brunch at Marathon a couple times, and the apple cinnamon pancakes are the best, but a good example of Marathon's inconsistency.  If they get it right, they're delicious, but last time I ordered them they left out the apple cinnamon part, and we had to have them remade.  
4 stars for food, 2 stars for consistency.I went to Marathon for the first time on Saturday with a group of about 10 people (a friend's birthday, and we had reservations). I had heard good things, so I was excited to go.
While the food and beer was excellent, the service was, for a lack of a better word, terrible. It took almost 15 minutes to get us beers, and almost 2 hours to go through appetizers and main dishes. I'm all about not being rushed when I go out to eat, but the wait times we experienced here were ridiculous. Additionally, our waiter was extremely unprofessional and insulted another group in his section. While I can appreciate his attempt at humor, I cannot appreciate his insulting of customers.
Fortunately, the food was very good. The pork nachos (appetizer) were awesome. The Marathon Burger (main dish, what pretty much everyone had), was decently-sized and had good flavor. The fries were also really good.
It's unfortunate that bad service ruined what would have otherwise been a good experience. I'd be willing to give Marathon another try provided they make some improvements.I totally dislike Marathon Grill - I only went back bc I had a groupon. The food is just not good. No wonder the whole Marathon establishment is falling apart.Mar bar upstairs has a great karaoke night every Sunday. It gets going around 10/11pm and usually goes til 2. There are great drink specials, and if you get a bartender named Drew, try the Gummy Bear, Grape Powerade, or the Pink Lemonade. All are $3 each!
Most of the people there are in the theatre industry. It's not your douchey crowd that you would usually find at a bar.
Check it out one Sunday night! Bring a group of friends.They claim to have the "best' Matzo Ball soup in Philly...It was just mediocre and I was quite surprised that it was served with a plastic spoon! Especially given the fact that the tables are set with real silverware. We waited longer than the 10 minute time frame given by the hostess although that is typical of most places, it seems they don't turn tables over fast enough. Also there was something black in the bottom of my daughter's sprite and a lemon seed in my son's drink as if they had dirty ice. Our server was not very attentive either and we had to wait long on our requests for syrup, fruit that should have come with my son's kids meal and refills. We won't return, nothing special about this place at all.I went there today for lunch and got the marathon burger. It comes with fries or salad for 11.00 dollars which I think is a fair price considering the area. I thought the burger was delicious. The bread was soft and had a slight glaze on top. The atmosphere was kinda hipster-ish. Overall the food was great. However the service was lacking. The waitress we got did not pay any attention to us. It took us 30 mins to order our food and we had to ask another waiter to get us coke and water. The other waitresses/waiters were more attentive. I would've given them 4 stars but the service we had was so terrible that I had to give it 3 stars.I've eaten here a few times now, mainly because I live so close to it. The first few times, everything went well: service was good, our meals came out promptly and were very good, and we got to try a few different items on the menu (the restaurant is also vegetarian friendly). 
However, our last experience here was OK, at best. We sat outside for the first time here, however soon came to realize the environment on the corner of Chestnut and Broad is not exactly ideal for outdoor seating. Service was slow, and our waitress was not very friendly. I ordered the Marathon Burger, while my girlfriend ordered the veggie burger. After a few minutes, our waitress came back to inform us they were out of the rolls for burgers, but could use a baguette instead. When the burgers came out, there was about twice as much bread compared to pattie on these sandwiches, which made them undesirable and very messy (my girlfriend even got so frustrated she threw her burger down onto the plate, took it apart, and rearranged everything). I ordered my burger medium, however it came out well done. To sum up, I think we will be giving it some time before we visit Marathon again.I freakin' hate this place. It's trendy and I find that SO ANNOYING. Why are my french fries in a cup? Is that necessary? Like you can't sit there and be like, "we're organic and awesome for the environment!" and then create trash for the sake of presentation.
But fries in a cup aside, last time I was (dragged) here I bought a salad and it was literally a small handful of spinach with sparse toppings. Again, it looked pretty but it was seriously tiny and it cost $7. I eat a lot of salad and I've never gotten so little food for that much money.
And this wouldn't bother me so much if I liked this place, but there's never anyone around when I walk in the door and it takes me forever to flag somebody down. And I realize they're probably understaffed or busy and I'm not blaming the staff because they're very friendly, but the seven dollars I'm paying obviously isn't for salad so it'd be nice to get some service.
This is probably the douchest review I've ever written but...ugh.Last night my friend and I decided to walk from my house (around 2nd and Federal) to South Street to have dinner. Once we hit South Street, we were feeling pretty good so we decided to keep walking (mind you, we were zig-zagging back and forth through every alley to search for cool houses which HUGELY increased the distance). We got to Old City and wandered up and down every street, reading every menu and feeling uninspired by everything we read. This may have had something to do with the fact that it was 100 degrees and we were soaked with sweat and couldn't really imagine eating ANYTHING... but we ploughed on. After not having luck in Old City, we decided we were a few blocks from one of our favorites... Jones! We arrived only to find a note on the door that it was closed for a private party. I couldn't make this up! From there were wandered to Chinatown but after getting there, didn't feel like Chinese... so we trekked over to Walnut Street, at this point starving, exhausted and dripping with sweat. We rounded the corner and I caught my breath. How had I forgotten one of my favorite places?! Relaxed, calm, modern and dimly lit with large tree fronds swaying in the gentle breeze of the air conditioning... MARATHON!!! I dragged my friend (who had never been) into the cool sanctuary and collapsed into an enormous booth, mustering up the energy to ask for a pitcher of water and a lemonade. After sucking those down I was prepared for food. I got my go-to salad... the Cosmopolitan with goat cheese.... and it was the perfect amount of sustenance that I needed to energize me for the walk back home. My dinner date loved his meal too.... although with 15423412854 options on the menu, I think you would be hard pressed to find a meal not perfectly suited to your liking :)A healthy alternative to your normal breakfast/lunch spot. Omelets and sandwiches are good here! This place also has a full bar. Different but good!this place is pretty good.  the service could use some work.  i was here with my girlfriend at the time.  she ordered another coke.  the people next to us ordered refills as well.  her drink ended up on their table (we could tell because she chews the crap out of her straws).  good to know you can't even get a fresh straw with a new drink.  i'm not so sure i'd do dinner here, but it's not a bad stop for lunch.  careful though - it can get a little crowded around noon.  go early or go late.The menu here is a bit limited, but I liked it anyway, which says a lot. The choices were healthy and the portions were hearty. That being said, I came here for a quick dinner by myself without having made a reservation (something I don't recommend, as there were several groups waiting). The hostess took me upstairs, where I sat at the bar and was haphazardly served by the bartender up there. 
I got a cup of Mexican chicken tortilla soup and the Moroccan salmon salad and it was all delicious! The salad had a nice sized cut of salmon, cranberries, couscous, spinach and a light dressing. 
I don't recommend sitting at the bar otherwise, as I have a pretty high tolerance for bad service and this one was about to break me. Maybe their computers were down or maybe this is the way the servers order drinks, but every five minutes there was a server barking out their drink orders to a frazzled bartender who never got around to filling up my water or even checking on me for that matter. 
Obviously, I could have spoken up if I was dying of thirst, but that's not the point. There were couples flanking me who waited 30 minutes just to put their food order in because she was too busy to take their drink AND food orders? Either get a server there or don't sit people there to eat. Period.I have never actually gone into Marathon Grill, but they were the caterers for almost all of our staff events when I worked in the city.  
We always had deli platters with makings for sandwiches, salads and deserts.  They make the best potato salad I've ever had! And the sandwich makings were always fresh and yummy.
You also have to try the brownies!!
This is a great place to order platters for your staff events.  They deliver on time and it's very tasty!Being from Chicago, I like to consider myself a food expert.  Not a foodie by any means but a person who genuinely knows, and certainly enjoys, good food because I am blessed to live in a city with AWESOME food.  That being said I was not dissapointed with the delicious Marathon burger!  
The burger was so flavorful and cooked to perfection for me.  (Yes, I admit, I am a medium well junkie and I understand how this may discredit my review! ha!)  The fries were good, although I was confused by the cup of them on the plate, versus just putting them directly on the plate.  Perhaps a presentation thing?  It was also reasonably priced.  
While I did not get to get around Philly too much to eat while in town, I definitely plan on coming back to this awesome city and hope to stop back into Marathon to try something else.One of the best dining experiences I've had in the city thus far. The Marathon Grill offers a large selection of sandwiches, salads, and light dining fare. The industrial atmosphere complements the meal perfectly with no obnoxious music and quick service. This is the perfect place to go when you wish to eat great food and not be distracted by the frills and trends other restaurants adhere to.Certainly schizophrenic as the food and service vary wildly, though for me the food has never risen above average.  The service suffers from what service in 90% of Philly restaurants suffer from, i.e. the endless little points of service that are never hit with any consistency.  Dessert, no spoon, check time, server MIA, 40 Sweet & Lows, one sugar packet, coffee, no cream, soup, no soup spoon, no water, no napkin, the list goes on and on.  Why it is particularly noticeable for me with Marathon is that they keep replicating themselves.  As if the surest byproduct of mediocrity is  producing more mediocrity. I never got it, I still don't!I used to love every Marathon in this city, thought their food was unique, and special. I still love them, don't get me wrong, but the trouble is the more restaurants you visit in this city the more you realize that Marathon is doing a swell job doing what they do, but it's not nearly as inventive as you might have thought once. I still have no apprehension stopping here for a quick lunch or breakfast, or drink, it's just, in a city with so many wide ranging gasto-delights, it's hard to put Marathon at the top of the list, however, it is always a solid standby if there is a wait at another restaurant, and you in no way can wait to eat.The best (and most newly) designed Marathon, and takes up two floors of space, giving it a more open and less cramped feel than other Marathons around the city. The decor is sharp, and the tables upstairs have a couch-type seating option that seats two people on each side of the table. For large groups, you can eat a a longer sized table that will seat up to 12 people--which is great if you are with 5 or 6 people. 
The menu is the same as the other restaurants--those of you who have eaten at a Marathon before know that you have a lot of options to choose from. Seriously, they have one whole page of their menu dedicated to salad options. I think it's pretty much impossible to not find something here that you like. 
For dinner, there are a few options where you can get an appetizer, entree and dessert for $20. The weekend brunch also offers a good selection, and you can get a table much more quickly than going to some of the more popular brunch places in South Philly and Northern Liberties.The food here is usually good but was there for lunch yesterday,  waited about 20 min for a humas app. and then when my Burger arrived it was overcooked and dry.  If this is the direction this restaurant is going in, I'll b going elsewhere in the future for a good Burger.Ok, so today Marathon blew my mind. They deliver....even for BREAKFAST. 
that means you can call them from the comfort of your own home and they will bring you delicious omelets and pancakes and all other amazing things....at no extra charge. 
this is especially awesome when one of the items you can get delivered is the cheesteak omelet....with grass-fed beef and house-made wiz. mmmmmm. 
plus, the bread they use for their toast is the one of the most delicious multigrains i have had the pleasure of tasting. 
 this fact has majorly amped up my love for marathon!food is not that bad but the waiters are horrible!! food takes eons to come out and they forget to bring you something if you ask for it. its allright..I had been a bigger fan of Marathon until recently. Generally go to the one on 10th and Walnut, but think I have been to them all. Reliable OK food, good for families, too because there is something for everyone on the menu. Lately though food quality seems to be slipping. Last couple of times  food was really under-seasoned and bland, service was not attentive - coffee cups not refilled, water not refilled. Menu was changed and a lot of old standbys on the menu no longer there. One good thing: coffee, which used to be brewed so strong a spoon would practically stand up straight in it, and served in these awkward huge cups, is now MUCH better, and served n normal mugs. Still like the business model - they just need to get the food quality back up a notch. I don't expect Vetri or Garces quality food here, but it needs to be better.Great burgers,  you won't be disappointed.The food is great, the service is fine. The organization behind the place is terrible! 
I admit I've returned to the place even after swearing it off about 2 years ago, and once again I was disappointed.  I'd contact the organization to book a private dinner and ended up having guests sitting on bar stools surrounded by regular customers. This place is great for a decent, inexpensive and reliable restaurant.  One the corporate front, it blows. Poor coordination, poor execution and absolutely no apology or even acceptance of wrong doing upon there inevitable screw-ups.  The first time shame on them... me going back, served me right.A. Convenient spot if you live near TJU
B. Has lots of items on menu to choose from for breakfast/lunch
C. Tasty Bloody Marys
D. Cool decor, pretty modern, which is about the same at all their locations
E. Waitress was calm and accomodating, refilled my water many times which helped my hangover
F. Pricess were akin to a diner
I will hit again.I'd love to know what the employment application and interview for this chain consists of because the service is consistently terrible.  A 30 minute wait for burgers and fries, an MIA server and an appetizer that comes AFTER the entrees.  When the server did finally appear, she proceeded to ask each diner if they wanted a drink refill one at a time i.e. Would you like another soda?  Yes.  Gets the soda and comes back.  Would YOU like another soda? Yes.  Gets the soda and comes back.  Would YOU like another soda?  Yes.  In the time it took her to provide refills, I could have walked to the corner market and bought a 6 pack.  
The only positive was that the manager realized the screw up with the appetizer, took it off of the check and still had it wrapped up to go.  If only the rest of the staff could be so conscientious.Stopped in for sunday breakfast. Ill make this quick;
Food - 3 stars
service - 5 stars 
extra spicy bloody marys - 5 stars
very nice decor and cool seating area upstairs. The food was subpar...still good but was expecting more. Had the Salmon and Goat cheese omelete and it was pretty dry and not as flavorful as hoped for. Roasted potatos were very good though.Ive been here for brunch twice. Even though it was on sunday mornings, we havent had to wait for a table for two. Which is a huge plus. But im going to have to agree with the inconsistent service... we had to ask for silverware, and after ordering, my fellow diner was informed that they were out of asparagus, so he'd have to order something else. This being said, the food is quite good, and not too expensive, for center city. Good if you want an easy brunch without a big hassle or wait.So many choices for breakfast and generous portions. The tables outside are great when the weather is nice on a wknd an the waitstaff is friendly. Eat here!Won a free lunch at my works Christmas Party, and finally redeemed my coupon. 
I chose the yummy pressed chicken, and the menu had quite a few choices that sounded delish. Not the hugest fan of shoestring fries, but at least now I know 
Many people meet here to dine on the outside tables when the weather is nice, and some morning I want to catch the coffee special. 
II don't know how to give it 3 1/2 stars.
Food from local farms, free range meat.
One of the best salmon dishes ever!
Salad was ok, kids did not approve the mac and cheese. 
Very reasonably priced - I would go back.As hungry, desperate visitors in need of somewhere to go besides McDonalds or Hard Rock Cafe, my fellow diners and I stopped into Marathon on a friend's suggestion.  
Initial reaction, great open space. A cool vibe that gives great expectation to even cooler and delicious service and food....
EEERRRRRGGGHHHH!!!!
(that's the sound of me hitting the brakes)
The waiting area, if you can call it that, is basically the narrow hallway entrance.  There's no formal hostess that we initally saw to tell you how long you're going to wait for a table.  Then all of the sudden "party of three?"  And then she walks away...do we follow? are we waiting? So much confusion. 
We finally sit down and are brought menus. Looks pretty good and I like a place that serves breakfast all day.  Our server comes over and asks if we want sparkling or ice water...and my fellow diner noted...why does this question always make us uncomfortable.  Honestly, if I was a sparkling water drinker, I think I would make it a point to order it separately.  Anyhow, after we order our lowly tap water he couldn't have been less interested in us or our table.  Our water glasses were filled after about 10 minutes and food was ordered.  
I can't knock the food because we were all pretty happy but as any good Yelper knows, bad service can really put a damper on a meal...like your least favorite sauce showing up on your favorite sandwich.  Dealbreaker.  Next time I'm in Philly, I'll do a little more research before heading out for a meal....or hell, I might just supersize it and call it a day.I went there during lunch break between classes.  Very convenient location since it's close to TJU campus.  The food can be a bit slow during lunch time.  
I ordered Crispy Chicken salad and LOVED it!  It has wonton crisp, and edamame, which makes it different from the typical salad. I will definitely go back for that.We order from Marathon constantly in our office.  Their catering service is excellent.
However when we order off the menu...its a different story...An annoyance is that they are CONSTANTLY changing their menu.  We were always fans of their chicken quesadillas.  A month ago we ordered excellent quesadillas from here and they were amazing and we were craving them today.  I looked on the website at their menu and saw they had a Blackend chicken quesadilla that had feta and peppers and chicken and onions and a lot of delicious veggies in it.  When I printed the menu however, a different version came out...I called and they were completely unaware that their menu online didnt match the pdf version...they didnt even have that quesadilla.  So we ordered the blackend chicken quesadilla off the pdf menu...
It had almost zero cheese in it and very little peppers.  I might as well have asked for a well done blackend chicken on a tortilla.  i lifted the quesadilla and all the chicken fell out...
For 12.50 i was very very disappointed as it was very overpriced.This review is for the Thursday late night happy hour only. Dollar drinks are the titz. If you get there early, you can get a nice table for your group- otherwise, you are standing and getting bumped into. The wait for drinks get -1 star, but its understandable, I know I am not the only one who likes dollar drinks and therefore I must share.Food is good and the prices are very reasonable. I recommend the veggie burger (homemade with nice chunks of vegetables and beans) as well as the pressed chicken sandwich. My boyfriend got the turkey burger last time we went and it was awful, so I'd steer away from that. Their frozen yogurt is my favorite menu item...it is the oh-so-popular tart flavor and at $4 for a large it can't get any better. Overall a good, reasonably priced place with a large menu to satisfy almost everyone.Nice atmosphere, good service. I ordered the salmon salad which was very satisfying. The piece of salmon was of a decent size. Their green tea bags are also pretty unique. 
Overall it is a bit overpriced but the food was pretty good.We came here after going to McGillian's.  I became a quick fan, as the place wasn't a dark and crowded cave, but rather had more windows, space and FREE DRINKS!  Yes, they had free vodka drinks for one hour that night....I felt bad for the bartender as people were asking for like 4 drinks for themselves.
I also thought the price wasn't too bad later, as buying more drinks (beer and vodka) came in at $7.  Overall, I could hold some conversations without loud blaring music and enjoyed being able to enjoy a spacious bar.My French fries were very soggy.  My wife's meal was delivered late, when the rest of us were half done, and then her calamari were cold.  The seating and the restroom were worn.Really nothing special. The food isn't that bad, but I wouldn't come here looking for food, especially if you're a food snob like I am. The place's usually packed with Jefferson residents during happy hours. They have pretty well-stocked bars and decent draft beers.I've never had a bad experience at any Marathon Grill. I tend to go for the sandwiches, which have always been good. Their beer list has a few odd-balls that you won't find at your run-of-the-mill chain restaurant. The service is generally good. They keep it speedy when they can, and almost always check to see how you're doing. I'd recomend going there any time for a quick bite that isn't too expensive.Can I give zero?
I was the "family" that visited in the review below by Lidia B.
"UPDATE:
I have removed 3  stars from my original review.  Came here again a few weeks ago, with family and friends I had from out of town.  Service was HORRIBLE.  If the food was spectacular I would even over look the fact that the wait staff are incompetent, but their is no overcompensation of anything to over look how poorly taken care of you are in this facility.  
We came here on a Monday during lunch time rush.
pros:
-Got seated immediately.  
-2 floors, decor was fresh and comfortable, booths are HUGE.  
-Food was great and priced accordingly.
-Restrooms [VERY important to me at least] CLEAN
Cons:
-I had my daughter with me and really preferred a booth just so I can keep her in her seat.  After many requests and promises that we would be moved.  We weren't moved for another 45 minutes.  While parties of 2 were being seated in these huge booths.  Families, and larger parties were all seated in little tables, that were way too crowded together.  EVERYONE was complaining.  This is the hostess fault, and I have heard from a lot of people that they also had problems with the hostess  at other Marathon locations.  [ Maybe they just have bad judgement on hiring?]
-after waiting well over an HOUR for our food, the waitress finally came back to tell us that the computers were down and that was the cause to the delay.  Ok help me understand this.  The kitchen stood around for an HOUR during the LUNCH RUSH, with NO orders, and no one checked if something was wrong?  FINALLY our food came out, my brother had the Chicken sandwich.  I had the tuna salad, on a toasted baguette w/ provolone, Bellinda had the chicken toes.  Everything was delish.  
The upside to all this?  The whole restaurant was comped.  Big loss for Marathon that day.  So over all.  No complaints either then the hostess was dumb."I'm all misty eyed over this places departure from the living.  They have put themselves out of their misery and out of business and I can see why.  Went there just after 11AM for a quick business lunch.  The place was empty and we requested a window side table (set up for four - there were two of us) and told the waitress we'd be out before noon.  No, No and No.  Takes us all the way in the back and tries to seat us between the kitchen door and the slop cart.  What a miserable piece of work!
As you can imagine, I can't tell you anything about the food since we promptly left and went to a restaurant in which we were welcome.
The Marathon is gone and another place - hopefully client friendly was opening up when I walked buy on 3/23/12Huevos rancheros with tortilla chips.  C'mon guys.  Seriously?
Solid but never unbelievable.  Great service though.  I have to say, always very good service.Not very good for the price. The calamari were cold and soggy and the fries were limp.dear mr. or ms. marathon:
why did you change the spruce salad from candied cashews to candied peanuts? ruinous, i say! please remedy this immediately. 
signed,
a nut
p.s. - the service at this and other locations is often slow, too..not disappointing
.pan seared salmon w veggies was top notch
.the portions vary in size cus my friends were displeased w their portion
.strange that their peppy website fails to match their modern restaurant decor.  kind of misleading
.tasty and gourmet for decent prices
.supa chill 
.matradee was super hot (bytheway)Really bad food, drafty windows, trashy hostess, nonchalant servers...everything about this place screams STAY AWAY. I've been passing by this place on a daily basis and finally gave it a try. Guess what? The "tuna steak" on the green salad is in fact a few tasteless tuna flakes out of a CAN and that ONE drop of dressing(or was it spit?) had ZERO flavor! Salad didn't come with bread, you pay $2.00 only to get a couple slices of stale, cold tasteless sponge. This place is even worse than the Salad works- another overpriced hole for people with no tastebuds. And for the money you pay- about 10 per salad you could easlily go to Chinatown and get a warm bowl of soup and an entree with rice, vegetables and some protein -all that for under $7. 
Marathon Grill is a waste of time and money. A menu  full of promises, followed by a really bad execution. If you grew up on canned food, you might like it. But If your Mom took the time to prepare real food for you,  avoid this dump. Don't understand why people still go there...One of a handful of locations, this Marathon Grill is my favorite in the city. The sammiches, nomelettes and cheese fries are delicious. I've never had anything there I didn't love. I even like the beet salad and think Dwight Schrute would approve. The atmosphere and decor are what I'd want if I could have any dream apartment of my choice, and the staff is incredibly friendly and prompt. Being seated upstairs with the grey comfy couches = one happy Shannon.After a very hungover wake up to try to find breakfast, I stumbled across Marathon.  With very friendly staff, they aided me in stumbling to my seat.  They had cookie dough pancakes (and who doesn't love cookie dough) which were amazing (especially as hangover food).  I also had sides of sausage and bacon.  The bacon was cooked perfectly (which rarely happens most places).  I would have given 5 stars, but I wasn't a fan of the sausage.
It was so good that I'm thinking about heading back over for a 2 day in a row visit.I have never been a huge fan of marathon.  Sure the food is served quickly and the servers are friendly enough.  But, despite the seemingly tasty ingredients, the food always tastes bland to me.  If I had to recommend anything, I would recommend the salads.  I had the grilled veggies & greens yesterday (with calamari). The veggies were fresh and the barley was tasty and filling.  My tablemates all enjoyed their salads as well (quinoa and salmon and, most notably, the control freak).  So, if you want a fresh and healthy option for lunch, marathon should have something to suit your needs.I wanna love you, but sadly i cannot. 
You have disappointed me time and time again... horrible food, horrible service... just horrible everything. 
I'm sorry but I don't this will work. Our relatonship is toxic, so we should part ways now before I hate you.Like any other Marathon, decent food but is usually out of many of the items on the menu.  Reasonable prices and the typical Marathon Menu.Note: there are SEVERAL "Marathon Grill" in Philadelphia.
I know, it is confusing. This review is for the place on Chestnut street, just south of the City Hall.
=====================
I have been to this Chestnut joint about five times in the past two years (Note: I am a DC resident but often found myself in Philadelphia for conferences). 
BREAKFAST/BRUNCH
=====================
They do open at 7am-- not sure why the business hours on Yelp said 8am, but they are open at 7am. 
Omelettes-- very good. I had Mushroom/Spinach/Goat Cheese.  Their "breakfast quesdilla" is good but I didn't like their salsa verde. Their home fries are delicious but then I am a potato fan so when they give me potatoes, I am just one happy Finnish girl.
*So I will highly recommend this place for breakfast.*
They have "Control Freak" option for picky eaters who want their omelette to be done in a certain way. 
COFFEE
=====================
Their coffee-- eh. Go to Old City Coffee at Reading Terminal instead. I did bring in my OldCityCoffee latte for breakfast because I do want to eat at MG but not drink their coffee. 
They didn't object. 
LUNCH/DINNER:  
=====================
Their "veggie burgers" are good-- they do not use Boca (thank you!) and it looks like they did it home-made style. Very healthy and hearty-- I couldn't finish the burger.   Vegetarian chili bowl looks delicious-- I took a bite of a friend's chili and it was good. They got cilantro in it so YUM! Another friend ordered chicken matzoh ball soup and said it was good (didn't taste it because I am a vegetarian).  
DECOR/TIPS
=====================
I like the art on the wall. There were nothing last year but this year, they got cute whimsy artworks on the wall. 
TIPS:
GET THE WINDOWS BOOTH. It is fun to people-watch from there. :-)
=====================
So they got 3 stars because their coffee wasn't the best. If they did serve latte or good coffee (get a different roaster), I would give them 4 but for now, just 3.I really enjoyed the Marathon Grill.  My friend Pierre took me here on my visit to Philly and we had some sort of food...maybe fish washed down with the strongest Long Island Ice Tea ever that also did the job of erasing my memories for the remainder of the night.  Great selection of beers, they have yuengling and from 10-2 it's only $2.  Marbar (so the bar is called) has drink specials 24/7.  The outdoor patio is great except the weather usually isn't.  But the big windows and modern interior allows you to enjoy the comforts of A/C and a great sound system.  I really wish they had a place like this in Boston...Marathon Grill--avoid it like the plague! The restaurant boasts having no redeeming qualities: the service, food, and atmosphere were paltry. Our waitress was an unfit drab of a person, who was more content lounging with the rest of the wait staff at the back of the dining room than tending to her customers. At times, I felt like we were eating in an abandoned strip mall streaked with filth and set for demolition. My order, a salmon burger, frightfully appeared wearing the familiar Philadelphia dress of squalor. The fries, something so easy and delicious, were mere stumps, bland and freezer-burned. On top of my burger rested a clump of burnt red pepper instead of delicious sweetness; I spent a few minutes dissecting these charred remains. The goat cheese had been carelessly flung onto the burger and all of it hung to the edge of the bun for dear life. Should I have returned this sad dish? But wait, dish is far too kind, I should have sent this carrion to autopsy, so we may not only know its cause of death, but exactly what it even is. Yes, I should have, but I didn't. Instead, without joy, and like a coward, I ate it. Do not act as imprudently as I--even if you are with the greatest hunger. Do not eat at Marathon Grill. Invariably, it will let you down.We went in seeking brunch, which we'd been told was an all day affair here.  While there were some egg dishes on the menu, brunch it was not.
However, we decided to stay.  The hostess attempted to seat us in the center of an empty dining room at the tiniest two top ya ever did see.  Rather than be the floor show, we opted for a seat at the bar.  The bartender was pleasant and fairly attentive, though lacking in any kind of personality.  
Ended up eating the buffalo chicken sandwich and the veggie burger, both of which were decent, but nothing to write home about.  The fries were confusing, frankly.  Shoestring potatoes that had clearly been twice-fried, but within an inch of their life.  The first few were good, but after a few minutes, they were cold and hard.
Overall, if you're familiar with the menu and from the area, I'm sure you could make some magic happen here, but as someone from out of town seeking a great meal, I'd avoid it.  Hipster heavy, lacking in seasoning, though the atmosphere was nice.I really do love other locations, but eveytime I'm at this one the service is absolutely terrible. The last time I went there, a friend and I seriously considered dining and dashing.
Our waiter not only took forever to even wait on us in the first place (and it wasn't busy in the least bit). He also took awhile to pick up our food from the kitchen as it wasn't all that hot when we finally got it. Then he didn't check on us once before bringing the bill.
Needless to say, I won't be coming back here anytime soonOf the Marathon locations this one seems the least pleasurable to sit in. It's decor is funky, the service can be spotty, and the outdoor dining isn't so swell as Chestnut street gets really congested during the day. It seems to have been designed with lunch for business customers as it's top priority. That being said, I feel the place is very consistent. It is never going to be THE BEST place for most things, but I don't think it gets enough credit. They have a large menu which is all very reasonably priced. It's standard American fare.I have seriously mixed feelings about this place - mostly for reasons I don't want to express here on an open forum.  
I occasionally run in for a cup of coffee and if I am feel like splurging on calories, a muffin.  There is one manager that is efficient and friendly - the other can't multi-task to save his life.   The few time he has waited on me it has taken far too long to purchase a coffee/baked good.  
This past visit I ordered, he put my muffin in the bag, then proceeded to take a phone order.  When he was finished with that transaction, he gave me the bag and began to ring me up - I had to remind him that I ordered a coffee too.  He got my coffee (and split the lid on the coffee cup, did not replace it, which cased some coffee to slosh out and onto my hand as I walked to my office -OUCH), rang me up, took my money and made my change.  But before handing it back to me, walked over to another customer who apparently had an issue with a hot take-out item.  He actually stood there, with my change in his hand, talking to the other customer and a server (about 15 feet away).  After he dealt with that issue he walked back and handed me my change.   Seriously, as a former server, this dude needs to learn how to multi-task and to prioritize.  It took about 5 minutes to get my breakfast - way to long to put a muffin in a bag, pour a cup of coffee and ring someone up.
As a side note - aside from myself and the woman who was waiting for her hot breakfast we were the only people at the take-out area - it was later in the morning so it was not busy at all.  
Sorry this was more of a rant than a review, but this dude is terrible at customer service - the female manager is awesome though.
Aside from that their prices are pretty good and the food is consistent - not spectacular but always tasty.  I must have one of those approachable faces because tourists are frequently asking for recommendations - sometimes for breakfast places (weird huh?)  This is one of the places I'll recommend for a decent, fairly inexpensive breakfast or lunch.I have been ordering from Marathon grill for years, mostly for delivery. Being health conscious, I rely on Marathon for providing no-nonsense, reliable salads and sandwiches. They are also good for a hangover meal of fries and a burger. I was so excited to see that their menu had changed to include some more eclectic items and new twists on old stand-bys'. However, it failed to deliver. The food tends to be on the bland side, no matter what you order. Even my grilled chicken sandwich with eggplant, mozzarella, tomato sauce and basil was missing something. My favorite feature of the menu is the "control freak" salad which consists of an extensive selection of greens, salad toppers, and dressings. Basically, you create your own salad which appeals to the control freak in me. The menu is fun and the food here is OK. I'll just stick to my salads.Dined here yesterday and I felt bad after I left because it dawned on me that I may have undertipped my server...opsie!
I was initially trying to get to Blue -something (banana?) cafe...a caribbean spot on S. Broad but they didn't seem to be open on tuesday. I opted for marathon grill on chestnut thru recommendation of whoever i was on the phone with at that time.
'twas around 530pm which meant something "happy hourish" should be occurring. I stepped in and it was kinda empty...guess Tuesday is not the happy hour day.
I sat at the bar hoping to make this quick and painless. Glanced over the menu and saw they have a fixed dinner menu for $23. I went with that. My appetizer was huge- hummus platter and I enjoyed that...love me some hummus with toasted pita bread! I should have stopped there because seriously I was full.
My entree was some salmon dish which wasn't all that..but I had to eat cause why? cause I'm paying for it!
Dessert options (for the meal) were just 2 so I went with Rice pudding which was just so-so. Could have been better.
For drinks...I do like their drink menu. Lots of smoothie selection. I went with the Malibu mango something (malibu, mango, coconut and something---DAMN where is my memory today?). They didn't have mango so they used bananas instead. I do like bananas but they needed a better blender cause I kept getting banana chunks stuck in my straw..SO GROSS & ANNOYING. Seriously, the drink tasted like NO rum was added...what a waste of my $7. Could have just got a regular smoothie (also on their menu) for $4.50.
Told the server about my banana chunk issue and for one second I thought he would try to resolve the issue but he just offered me a glass of water..DARN!
Anyway..so I was eating alone. I paid my bill and for some reason miscalculated and gave him like $1-$1.50 less than I should have. I calculated based on the total of my meal (tax not included) so i knew I would end up giving $6. But then the credit card slip came with (tax already added to the total) and I basically took the total and added enough for it to round up to $35.....u get it? well he sure didn't get it. 
I realized it as i was walking thru the next block. oh well....I was on my way to see Riverdance at the Kimmel Center and I wasn't trying to be late.
For some reason this place isn't getting good ratings....maybe I'll try another location.I had to update my review because this locations has had a makeover and now looks like the Marathon near Jefferson. New look, same sucking.Question: How do you ruin a chicken quesadilla?I am writing this review only because I logged on to Yelp this morning and it reminded of my youth and my experience at Marathon.
I worked here as a kid, bussed tables, ran around the city in the hot summer delivering food to high rises. About 12 years ago..  Mr Owner...one of the brothers, his first names starts with a "J",accused me of stealing tips from the tables.  Fired me on the spot and never paid me over $150 owed. Now, when you're a college kid who is paying his own expenses $150 is a lot of money... especially when you're not a thief!!!
Place blows, needs NEGATIVE STARS.. Maybe that $150 was used for Mr. Owners' b**w habit!!!  Yeah, I WENT THERE!   Take care. I hope everyone reads this review and never ever steps foot in this place.  In fact everyone I come across who tells me they ate here I tell this story to.I love Marathon's salads.
Let me preface my discussion of their MIND BLOWING salads by saying 1.) Philly is salad challenged and this pisses me off- why do you have so many sandwiches and such boring salad options?? 2.) I will never step in a marathon to sit down and eat, nor will I drink anything or eat anything other than their salads. Everything else is junk.
Their greek salad is the most amazing salad I have had in this city. It's huge and includes extras like grilled zuchinni, chick peas, and this insanely good creamy lemon vingarette. I would drink that stuff. Their cobb is also incredible and I've heard great things about the salmon salad as well. I think the key to the awesomeness of the salads are their dressings. They taste as though they were just made and every single one of them is perfect. 
The one negative is that the salads are real pricey, I'm talking $11+ for a salad.
But if I'm not in the mood to make one at home or my company is paying the bill, then Marathon is my go-to.
Until Marathon opens a takeout place dedicated to salads or I open my own salad place (both of which are highly unlikely to occur), I will continue to pay their outrageous prices for my salad fix.Awful, awful, awful!  I will never come in here again!  The waitstaff is miserable and the service was terrible!  I went here with a co-worker for lunch.  We ordered our food and after waiting for about 15 minutes, the waiter came back to inform me that they were out of what I wanted.  So, I decided to order something else.  Another 10 minutes go by, and in that time, my friend gets her food, but I'm still waiting.  Then our waiter comes over to inform me that I need to order something else...again!!  So finally the third time was the charm, but needless to say, I was not happy with the way I was treated.  After I finally got my food we never saw our waiter again.  No one even bothered to ask us if we were pleased with our food, or if we needed anything else.  The food was OK, but nothing to write home about, but I give it 1 star b/c the waitstaff made my meal there most unpleasant!Ah...the schizophrenia that is the Marathon Grill. Great food. Crappy service. Fast, efficient takeout. Horrendously awful layout leads to sitting MUCH too close to the table next to you. Oh, and let's not forget the bizarre selection of music. For about four months there, all we heard was Bjork for breakfast, then two months worth of The Beatles.
Upsides? Delicious salad with grilled salmon. Overpriced but delicious smoothies. Delicious but rarely available chocolate chip muffins.This is a good, solid brunch. Nothing spectacular, just good food at reasonable prices with an alcohol license. When we were here for Sunday brunch, there was a jazz trio playing as well, which was a nice touch. They did initially mess up the orders of 2 out of 3 of our party but were apologetic and quick to fix it. Also some healthier options available, which is always nice if you're into that.I agree with most other posters, in that this place is really nothing special.  I do think their salads are pretty good, however way too big for a person with a smaller appetite.
I would not recommend to someone asking me about where to go for a good lunch.There are quite a few Marathon Grills around Philly.  It's a locally owned smallish chain.  You definitely feel like you're eating at a chain restaurant, and in particular one that doesn't want to keep you around very long.  There food is not awful and there are some healthier options, but many of the locations have a cafeteria-like ambiance which is very unwelcoming.  
It also tends to be bootcamp for servers-- they hire lots of inexperienced kids and pile tables on them which leads to very unhappy patrons and frazzled waitstaff scrambling to bring out meals.  Some of the locations have liquor licenses and I think they attempt to make those places a little more comfortable. But the ultramodern furniture and the food-production in plain view with a cash register and line sort of battles any level of comfort.My visit to Marathon Grill reminded me why I so often dine in Chinatown.  Chinatown never lets me down.  Marathon Grill let me down.  I wish I could give it no stars because that is what it truly deserves after my experience dining there on Thursday.  My friend was in town and I liked that Marathon Grill was participating in Center City Sips, and that the exterior of it was inviting.  So we stopped in there.  
They have got to figure out a better layout for their seating because it was empty at 6 pm and all the little tables are so crammed together that you cannot help but kick your dining companions in the shins.  Furthermore our waitress was unfortunately the worst server I am have ever had.  It all started when she came over a minute after giving us the menu with an incredibly abrasive "So what'll you have?" to which our response was "Can we have another minute?" which was answered with a roll of her eyes and her stomping away.  Might I add that we were here only responsibility at the time?
When I asked her some questions about what constituted appetizer and what didn't (the layout of the menu is very unclear, and options are extremely limited especially for this type of restaurant), she was annoyed and highly unaccommodating.  Not only was she terrible, but so was the look of my friend's sandwich.  They brought out his fish sandwich with the top bun off, unfortunately for them exposing a disgustingly wilted, nearly inedible looking piece of lettuce.  Come on, if you are going to only put one piece of lettuce on and display it like it's important- at least don't screw it up???
My vegetarian chili was boring and near tasteless.  My arugula salad was uninspired but fine for its price ($6.50).  While we were still eating, my friend with 3/4 of his sandwich uneaten, our highly unpleasant waitress slammed down our check in front of him and stormed off, proceeding to just hang out and chat at the front with other Marathon Grill Staff members.  She then ignored our pleas for a to-go box, and we managed to get one from another waitress.  
Needless to say unless enticed by some amazing coupons or something, I will never return to Marathon Grill - and especially not this particular location.  
Boo. Hiss.The brunch here came highly recommended by a local friend.  While the atmosphere was great and the food was passable I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be, especially after seeing the prices.  It seemed like there just wasn't enough effort put into the dishes as they were being prepared.  I got the feeling that they were thrown together (although not served all that quickly from the time of order).  As far as taste, it was sufficient that I wasn't displeased, but certainly nothing to be raving over.  All in all not a terrible experience, but not one that leaves me yearning to return either.
In other related news, for a restaurant of it's size to have only one unisex bathroom is outrageous.Marathon Grill has some great locations, a great look and a better-looking menu.
However, this is one of those places where everything sounds good, but nothing is amazing. Their soups are bland, I'm always disappointed with the normalcy of the sandwiches and in general I always leave here telling myself not to come back.
I suggest a different place for lunch. This is a good place to look for attractive diners and staff, however.Their food is pretty good (I especially love the beets/soft cheese side dish), but their prices are too high for casual food. Also, when I take out, after 15 or 20 mins, someone at the counter will ask me if/what I ordered. They always seem overwhelmed and confused.If you wanna eat at a restaurant that's similar to Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday's, but you're feeling a little bit on the "classier" side, then I highly recommend the Marathon Grill. The menu has all the classic sandwich and seafood dishes you could ever hope for, while the drink menu practically screams Sex and the City. Sounds good huh? Well, it's not. The food is bland and the drinks are weak. The server's have that "kill me now" look in their eye because they are either sick of hearing that same Genesis song playing on the stereo or tired of having to be the only server that does all of the work. So ask yourself this, does freezer burned salmon, mush potatoes, and boiled spinach served with 8 ounces of sugar water at a price of $25 sound appealing to you? If the answer is yes, then you found your place.We use to be a fan of Marathon Grill because of the smoothie choices, but our last five experiences have been HORRIBLE.  The food is okay, but the service is absolutely terrible, and I consider myself a very patient person.  The waitstaff can be very rude, they mix up your orders and take forever even to get you a glass of water.  Also, they have this strange habit of seating you in the worst section of the restaurant even though the place is empty.  I do not understand how they think.  Considering the price and quality of food, it's not worth it especially with so many better restaurants right down the street.It warms my cold, dark heart that so many other Yelpers have not-so great things to say about Marathon Grill. Yes, the menu sounds better than it actually is, and often - at least when you get delivery - they will mess up your order. I have a particular gift for really craving one particular thing - fruit salad, for example - and having that be the one thing that's never in the bag. So basically, it's overpriced and overhyped and what shows up is not what you expected. It's a lot like finding dates on match.com.
They are pretty good about bringing what they inevitably forget later - but who wants to wait another 45 minutes for your tiny thing of cantaloupe and berries? Your overpriced omelette will get cold and gelatinous in that time, and not in a good way.
Btw, this applies to Marathons across the city and not just this locale. They do have healthier options, so a lot of my friends order from them pretty often even though I roll my eyes and mildly tantrum if it's suggested.With such a large variety of good sounding choices, I've expected Marathon to be better.  But everytime I've gone, the food is less than flavorful.  Fries lack flavor, the seared tuna salad had very little tuna.The service was forgetful at best. They forgot to ask us if we needed more drinks when the food came. I think its overpriced for what you get there. It's pretty unfortunate too, because some of the other Marathon's are really good.Good bang for your buck due to the enormous portion size.This is what my boyfriend and I call the "bad Marathon." 
We have given it multiple chances, but it has always failed to impress. Most of the time, the food isn't very good. 
Last time I was there I had my usual grilled chicken sandwich and the chicken looked and tasted like it had been cooked on a Foreman Grill. I love my Foreman Grill. In the winter. When I can't bring myself to light up the real grill in my yard. I expect a lot more from a restaurant with GRILL in the name.
Service is spotty. The interior is like a corporate cafeteria circa 1992. Do yourself a favor and at the very least walk to the one on 16th Street.Womp womp.
Service was lame.  
The artichoke dip came with six measly pieces of bread even though the dip was huge.  Our waiter did bring more out when we flagged him down and asked him.
My burger was one of the driest I have ever eaten.  Now, I did order it well done, but that doesn't mean it should be unchewable.  
Overall, just nothing special.Had the eggs benedict for brunch-the english muffin wasn't as puffy, and neither were the eggs...came with fruit salad. Friends had the chicken tacos-it was ok. Another friend had the omelet. Service was good, but food was just average.Cute atmosphere and ambiance.For a $20 lunch I expect a bit more out of the bathroom then an overwhelming smell of pee.  But pee it is.  
Been there 3 times, not sure why I keep going back.  Hire a cleaning staff w/ the profit you are making on my $20 salad and clean the bathroom!I agree with Caitlin...everything on the menu always sounds better than it is.  Like the "Hand---cut roast Turkey sandwich with, smoked bacon + basil pesto + caramelized onion + gruyere on sourdough."  It is a glorified Turkey Club.
Do not let yourself fall victim to the descriptive, mind altering words.  Realize that what you are getting is just average and do not expect more or you will be let down.Not only did you rip off a college kid, you now ripped the parking authority off.  A$$hole!  Karma bitch!!I will give them 3 stars because their food has always been good BUT I have been disappointed in menu changes they have made.  They used to have a lot more options for salads and sandwiches and while I do understand a smaller menu is probably saving them money so they don't need to have endless ingredients available, I don't understand why they took away some of the yummiest salads and sandwiches. The rest of food is pretty standard fare and nothing you can't get at another restaurant..Definately have mixed feelings on this place. I have had a few "okay" experiences...and more recently- an awful experience.
Came here to meet 2 friends for lunch on a Thursday afternoon. I arrived a few minutes before 12 and asked for a table for 3...I was told I couldn't be seated until my full party arrived. Typically I understand this policy...except the hostess would seat parties of 2 with only one person there. Maybe it's just me- but if your going to have that policy- use it across the board. 
The 2nd person of the party arrived a few minutes after 12...the place was dead- with tons of open tables...I asked why we couldnt be seated and the hostess proceeded to tell me because people yell at her when only 2 people are siting in a booth made for 4...that would also be somewhat fine- if I didnt see more than one 4 person booth occupied by only 2 people  .
We finally convinced her to seat us- based on empty booths in the restaurant.. Our third person in the party arrived a few minutes later.
One of us ordered a sandwich witha  side salad...and the salad came out with no dressing on it.
To top off the already poor experience -the bathrooms were disgusting. Not what any of us were expecting from a restaurant such as Marathon.I love this place so much.. Well not just this one but all of the locations. I took my dad there when he was in town, Mr. Likes To Complain no matter where we go. He had a bowl of the chicken soup.. coming from a strong Jewish background and just leaving the museum I was shocked he had nothing to complain about. I myself got the price fix menu or whatever you call it. A really full meal for $20 and $20 bottles of select wine.  It earns an extra star because my friend can only eat gluten free, and Marathon is one of the few places I can take herThe good:
+ Atmosphere
+ Decor
+ Some decent microbrews on tap
The not good:
- Service
- Cubano*
- Service
* better reheated the second day - I think it's the mustard they use, too sweet or somethingJust got back from a date with the boyfriend here. =) It was our first time here and we were actually surprised how fast we got a table. There were a few people waiting but I guess because they went in groups of 3+, they had to wait. We got seated immediately, which was great!
The hostess and waitress were both really nice.
We had the CHEESE QUESADILLA for starters = Yummy.
I had the HERB-MARINATED GRILLED CHICKEN = Pretty good.
And he had the ORGANIC MEATLOAF PLATTER = Yummy and the BBQ sauce on it was really good.
The only problem with this place is how long it took the food to come out! Maybe because it was a busy Saturday night.I stopped by here (after working out) yesterday to get a salad because I was starving and i still had to go to evening class.
I ordered a crispy chicken salad to go. Service was as expected for a "to go" meal. Didn't wait to long, they were nice.
Got my food, ran to class and got there early so I had a few minutes to chomp down salad.
1) During my feast, I a 1.5inch of HAIR on one of my crispy chicken and I assure you it wasn't my nappy naps.
But I was hungry as heck and I decided to take that whole strip and put it aside. So I continued eating.
2) Found another hair on a piece of carrot...this one looked like the length of an EYELASH.
WTF man. At this point, Lord know only what hairball I have sitting in my stomach after that meal!
I decided to forgo the rest of the meal. I was scared to find a piece of tooth next.
Disappointed. I was willing to let the 1st one go but TWO on one place means there is definitely a THIRD(0r more) that I didn't see.Sat us at a dirty table outside and waited 10 minutes with no server acknowledgment. Went next store to fogo de chao.I went there for lunch with some friends. I got the half small soup small salad and half sandwich deal, and an extra side mashed potato. Well lunch was $25 and not that satisfying. The soup was Mataza Ball and was delicious, salad Cesar just ok. Sandwich chicken salad honestly I was not impressed, I had better. And the mashed potatos good. 
The food is pretty good but not wort the moneyAte here twice one recent weekend. Lunch was ok. I had a grilled sandwich, nothing special since I can't remember what was on it. For brunch I had huevos rancheros. The menu said 'with crisp torillas', instead got salty nacho chips that were disgusting. Totally ruined what is normally my favorite brunch dish.I've eaten at Marathon Grill a handful of times and I always like the food.  The menu has a wide selection of brunch items, and I've never been disappointed; the eggs are good, the homefries are good, the multigrain toast is good.  I've never really had to wait either, which is a plus, since so many of the brunch spots in this town get so packed on the weekends.  However, my most recent visit was a little lame; the coffee was not very good, the waitress was inattentive, etc.  All in all, it's a place to go when you want a good breakfast fairly quickly, but at the same time, it's not the kind of place you need to make it a mission to go there.Good food. Calm classy atmosphere. Hot chick server. Bitchy attitude.Meh... not the best Marathon location in the city. But this one has definitely stepped up on it's game lately.
My boyfriend and I stopped by the other day and took a seat at their "new" bar. It was pretty busy for a mid-afternoon on a weekday. But the bar was empty. Our bartender was friendly and prompt. So we ordered a couple beers (they have dogfish head 60 minute on tap... my favorite). Then eventually got some food. The prosciutto with fig jam was yummy.I don't hate the Marathon Grill nearly as much as my peers here, but I admit - I don't frequent them often.
The menu, I like... but you're always gonna expect it a few notches below the great writing used to describe it. I think much of Marathon's charm depends on the location. I like the spot @ 16th & Sansom, but wouldn't set foot on the one on 13th & Chestnut. People speak highly of the "Mar Bar" @ 40th Street too, especially for Thursday happy hour. 
I think these are a cute Philly chain, and I prefer seeing the block neon lettering than just another Ruby Tuesday's, TGIF, or other striped eyesore.My mom and I went to this marathon grill after a long day of shopping. We usually do not eat a lot for lunch so the server was happy to split the food for us. We enjoyed the salmon burger and the best matzoh ball soup in town! 
This marathon grill is perfect to have a snack after shopping at Macy's!!! So when my sister-in-laws were visiting us we went to this one again. and I ordered the salmon burger again and it never fail me!I would rather have a meal in the cafeteria at Betty Ford then ever return to this Marathon Grill.
For some strange reason, my friends and I used to eat there almost every Sunday, probably just for lack of a decent brunch restaurant.
The food, really, is not all that bad - basic diner stuff.  Nothing  that is too hard to screw up.
But the service is so unbelievably indifferent and pathetic that it makes the place seem more like a pending mass suicide than a cozy restaurant.  My friends and I actually began debating whether we should have yet another meal at "Cold Heartless Marathon Grill."  Yes, that became the way we officially referred to it from therein.  I can honestly say I don't think I have ever seen any one of Marathon's employees with a smile on their face.  
The Marathon chain has done a good job at making people think they are classy and funky and urban with clever interior and graphic design, but what they really run are mass-market, lukewarm holes-in-the-wall.Oh :( The new menu almost brought tears to my eyes! I want the old Marathon menu back!
I understand they had to cut back with the economic crisis we're experiencing. But they got rid of A LOT!  Way over 1/2 of the menu is gone... Most of it consists of salads. The salads look good! Don't get me wrong...
What was so great about their old menu? Soooo many different options! For every sandwich you have 4 different ways it could be prepared. I would come here all the time with people. Now, I don't think so :(
*Sigh* No more hummus (at lunch) :( or skirt steak sandwich...During the Philadelphia Marathon weekend, my friends and I were looking for a brunch spot. We ended up going here because not many places were open. Our top choice was too crowded. The place here is clean and the food is really fresh.
The staff are friendly, and they provide free refills of coffee. 
The marathon brunch item is huge. It comes with 2 eggs (any style), multi grain toast, and home fries. I added a side of blueberry pancakes for a few bucks more. The blueberry pancakes were AWESOME! The pancake was fluffy, and they provided a lot of blueberries in the pancake. The home fries were seasoned to perfection. The eggs (over easy) were fresh tasting and cooked perfectly. I was able to douse up the runny yolk with the potatoes and toast. 
Yum yum yum. Great amount of food to carbo load before a race for a very good price.I'm new to Philly and have seen the abundance of Marathon Grill's that populate Center City.  I couldn't find the MG that I patronized today in the list, which I believe was on Sansom near 16th or 17th but I'm not familiar enough with the city to have my bearings just yet.  My apologies if I did not select the right location from the list to write my review.  With that being said...
My coworkers have ordered delivery numerous times from MG so as I passed by after a doctors appointment and having some leftover time to burn up before going back to work, today was my day to stop in.  
It was 4 o'clock in the afternoon and not a particularly busy time of day for any restaurant, which could go for or against me.  Being an optimist, I thought it would fall in my favor.  I was wrong.
The roasted pork sandwich with Asian slaw caught my eye as it was one of the daily specials.  I ordered fries too but didn't realize it was already served with fries.   I was hoping for a nice cut of pork topped with the slaw.  When I see a "special" on any menu, I presume it is going to be done well because it is a featured item.  Again, I was wrong.  The pork was shredded and not "roasted" as stated on the menu.  To me, roasted conjures up images of a pork roast slowly cooked in an over for hours, not a cut of pork that was likely cooked on a stove top in a sauce pan.  Picture pulled pork instead of a roasted cut of pork.  
With the exception of the soggy "Asian slaw" that topped the pork, it had very little flavor.  I expected an explosion of flavors considering the billing this sandwich was given on the menu...and being a "special".   Perhaps I assumed a combination of ginger and/or peanut would be used in the slaw to really make the Asian part of this combo sing!  Nope.  Cabbage and carrots.  Not much else.  
It was served with fries.  Cold, hard fries.  Imagine "long rectangular shaped potato flavored sticks, previously fried and allowed to sit, reaching room temperature and hardening before serving".  They crunched like ice cubes and they were terrible!  
I watched the grill cook drop two baskets of fries while I awaited my to-go order and wondered who she was cooking them for since the restaurant had only one other customer and she was already eating her meal.  When I ate my fries, I figured out who she was cooking the fries for...the customer who would be unlucky enough to get them an hour later!   These were obviously fries that are "cooked" ahead of time and dropped back into the oil to reheat them as needed for orders.  Yum!  There comes a point when an innocent little potato has nothing more to give, Marathon Grill!  
The lovely young lady behind the counter who took my order was pleasant and kind...until her personal cell phone rang from her back pocket and she started to argue with whomever was on the other end of the phone before she hung up on him/her.  ***Personal note here...LEAVE YOUR FREAKIN' CELL PHONES AT HOME WHEN YOU'RE AT WORK!  What business owner allows that???  Work is work, not an interruption of your personal life!  God forbid you should lose the opportunity to argue on your cell phone in front of paying clients while you're being paid by your employer!  This goes for ANY business!  
(OK, back to the review.  Whew!)  Overpriced.  Nearly $11 for a shredded pork sandwich and fries.  It would have cost less to go to Applebee's for a chicken salad that would have been ten times more satisfying.  
Would I go back?  Maybe.  Mayyyyybe.   I hate to cast off any business in one visit.  If I experience a not-so-good meal, I try to be fair and give a restaurant a second chance.  But with as many odds stacked against Marathon Grill as I experienced today, it is likely that it would take an earth shattering moment to bring me back inside their doors, especially given the economy (not wanting to waste more money that I have to) and the number choices I have in Center City.  
Sorry Marathon Grill, you just didn't cut it for me..  I give you one star only because zero stars is not an option.  And, you did give me something in exchange for me giving you money.  I suppose a star was earned for that.I ate for the first (and last) time at Marathon yesterday.  I ordered one of the entree's off the special menu, a salmon filet and ratatouille vegetables for $17.95.  My friend decided it sounded good and ordered the same. 
What we each got was a decent sized filet with a few scattered vegetables on a large sized dinner plate, emphasizing how little we had received.  Even imagining the markup and expected meal size for dining out in the city, it was a pathetic site.  
The server neglected to check up on our table despite our two empty water glasses sitting on the edge waiting to be refilled.  We eventually approached the manager on duty who was dealing with a table of unhappy customers next to us (a trend perhaps?).  We requested two extra sides of vegetables.  While she was obliging, there was no apology or sincerity in her actions.  A few minutes later a small square plate of vegetables was delivered to the table by our server who still didn't offer to refill our waters.  The reparation was hardly worth the effort.  
To put a cherry on top of a disparaging meal, I used the restroom before leaving and discovered that the unisex bathroom had a malfunction with the water valve on the sink- making it impossible to wash my hands.  Unless there was an employee bathroom in back, I assume this would be the only one for the entire restaurant.  GROSS.  Way to spread Swine Flu guys.
My friend and I are Tourism and Hospitality majors at Temple.  We will never allow this type of service or food amount/cost at any restaurant we work in or own in the future.My boyfriend and I were with my parents last weekend in Philadelphia for the Rock n Roll Half Marathon and we were staying the night at the Hampton Inn near the starting line for the race. The evening before the race we ventured out to get some dinner. We wanted something that would fill us up and give us energy for the long distance running that we were going to do in the morning. We decided on Olive Garden and headed towards the restaurant since it was not far from our hotel. Upon arriving, we learned the wait would be forty-five minutes to an hour. We were pretty hungry and didn't feel like waiting that long so we looked around and saw Marathon Grill across the street with some available outside seating. 
We walked over and went to the hostess stand and asked for a table outside. The hostess cleaned off the table and we sat down and waited. And waited. And waited. Finally a server came to our table and apologized for the wait and took our drink order. Since it had taken so long, we had already decided on our dinner order and placed those as well. My mom had ordered a side salad with her entree and I got a soup with my entree and he told us those would be out shortly, along with some dinner rolls that my mom requested. The server brought our drinks out and they were served in tall, skinny glasses. We drank them right away. 
We waited. And waited. And waited. The soup and salad came out and it was eaten so quickly, but there were no bread rolls. We asked for refills on all our drinks. We waited. And waited. And waited. Our entrees finally came out. Still no bread rolls. We got our refills though. All this time we spent waiting to have our order taken and waiting on the soup and salad to come out (still wondering why those items took so long), we realized that we could have just waited for a table at Olive Garden and been served faster than we were at Marathon. 
There were plenty of tables available for outside seating, but I'm not sure how busy it was inside. Our waiter did say it was busy, but I think he may have just forgotten about us. A lot. Even though the service was horribly slow, the food was excellent. Everything tasted great and the steak was cooked the way I ordered (medium rare) and the presentation on the plate was beautiful. Our server did finally bring us some rolls...after we finished eating dinner.
After we finally received the bill, we waited a long time (surprise!) for our server to come back and get it. A simple dinner turned into two and a half hours. If the service had not been so horribly slow, I would have rated this place 4 stars.Me and my boyfriend love meeting here after work/classes. Since they re-vamped the inside it is so much more relaxing and "chill". Normally we dislike chain places. But we're fans of marathon! Only problem is.... they serve a lot of the food luke-warm :/ The serves are really, really sweet though :) Try one of their sandwhichs...
My Fav- grilled pressed sandwiches... prosciutto + fresh mozzarella + fig jam + arugula on sliced brioche
His Fav- grilled sandwiches... grilled sliced skirt steak sandwich + 1 roasted peppers + caramelized onions + gorgonzola (get the fresh mozzarella instead...)Fresh food.. Lovvve the Greek frozen yogurt smoothies! Always great service and atmosphere!So, I have to say, that I did not intend to dine at this restaurant tonight. I'd read all the bad reviews and decided not to waste my time. I intended to go farther down Chestnut to Continental Mid-Town. However, it's freezing and extraordinarily windy in Philly right now, so I ducked in this restaurant thinking I was at the Continental. It wasn't until I ordered my drink that I realized I was in the wrong restaurant. 
Having said all of that, it was not a bad decision on my part. After eating there I'm quite shocked to go back and read all of the bad reviews. My waiter was extremely friendly and efficient, as it appeared all waiters were. I did not see one person standing around and all tables seemed happy. The food was quite good, as well. 
Having run earlier in the evening, I wanted something light. However, with the temperature outside I wanted something warm and creamy, as well. So, I ordered the Elijah's Mac and Cheese (an app) and the Grilled Veggie and Grain salad. The Mac and Cheese was nothing to scream about, but did serve its purpose: extra creamy, warm and comforting. The salad, however, was one of the best salads I've ever had. It was a huge portion of mixed field greens, with grilled asparagus, squash, zucchini, portabella mushrooms, roasted tomatoes and pearl quinoa. The roasted tomatoes were out of this world. They were not sun-dried (which I can appreciate but don't like), but sweet and juicy. I swear it was like eating jellied candy!! The salad had a light lemon vinaigrette, which was only there to compliment the veggies and not drown them out. I washed everything down with a nice Australian Malbec. 
And the entire meal, including tax, was only $27. $27 I TELL YOU!! I can't believe how cheap it was!!
If you are in Philly please give this restaurant a try (or another try, if that's the case). I really have nothing bad to say and hope they have ended their slump!!I enjoyed my eggs benedict - the service was good and the ambiance nice. Not my total favorite in Philly, but I would go back. 
Side note: I got to go the day of the Philadelphia Marathon - Nov. 23, 2008 :)marathon is alright. it's a bit overpriced for most of the food seems  mediocre. however there are some gems on the menu. for one, their smoothies are delicious. their salads (albeit overpriced) are really tasty and are served in considerable portions. lastly, and partly the only reason i eat here is their chicken salad. i'm a chicken sald nut. i just love the stuff and every friday (it seems) they have this chicken salad blt wrap special with avocado and gruyere cheese that is SO GOOD! i'll pay 9.95 for it if i have to. it's amazing. 
the service is ok i guess. delivery or pickup is suggested if you don't feel like sitting in a cafateria-like room with other patrons practically sitting on top of you...I had the flank steak salad which was just okay.  The ambiance was great, but can't speak to the rest of the menu.  It's probably a perfect place for a sandwich or burger, nothing spectacular.I've always enjoyed the Marathon restaurants that are sprinkled throughout Philadelphia. I'm pretty sure that I've been to every one of them and I always have decent service and decent food for a reasonable price. My favorite item on their menu is definitely the Southwest salad with BBQ chicken. The lime vinaigrette is so good and the BBQ sauce on the chicken adds the perfect touch. 
I also love that they all seat so many people that there is rarely a wait. If you're looking for a fairly quick, casual meal and not really looking to impress then you can't go wrong with Marathon!Walking by from the outside, it looks like a cool restaurant, and a scan of the menu board outside gave me hope.  However, this place was a REAL disappointment.  I ordered a burger which was billed as a 1/2 lb, but if it was an ounce above 1/4 lb I would be surprised.  The bun was a partially squashed, somewhat soggy roll, and while the beef and provolone cheese were flavorful, the carmelized onions were stone cold and slithered out of the burger like dead earthworms...I ended up scraping them all off as they were disgusting.  The service was mostly friendly but slow and scarce.  I'd think twice about going back to this restaurant or any of it's other peers across Philly.Marathon Grill was tied with Continental as my favorite restaurant in Philly before I moved away. The best part about this restaurant is the number of options you can get with many of the dishes - you can practically build whatever you want. I usually went with the burgers or omelettes. The fries are amazing, too, and the shakes/smoothies are second to none. My favorite was the espresso one (forget the name). During one visit I accidentally knocked it over, though, and the entire thing shattered on the floor. The waiter came over and cleaned it all up and brought me a new one free of charge.I am sorry but I try and try and I still cannot love this place. I use to like 2002 when I was an intern in college and I was introduce to Marathon Grill. This place has gone downhill. I especially do not like this Marathon Grill here is why
Service: slow and not attentive not even busy
Music: Loud yes we at Penn but seriously I was trying to listen to my friend.  
Drinks: expensive and ok
Next time I go to the bar around the corner or Copa for an awesome burger and sweet delicious margaritas.I've been to Marathon tons of times for lunch and I think it's decent food at a reasonable price. I don't think it's anything spectacular, per se, but I am rarely disappointed with my sandwich, caesar salad, and iced tea - my habitual order at Marathon. 
I generally come by on Fridays during lent because they have great vegetarian sandwiches for lunch - grilled vegetables with fresh mozzarella and extra virgin olive oil. Recently, I had the ham and gruyere sandwich and it was good. If calories are not an issue, I highly recommend the grilled pressed sandwiches. Those are super good.
The service is usually fine - not much good or bad to say about it.
Good places to eat in U City are plentiful so there may be better choices, but if you visit Marathon, I don't think you'll be disappointed.I came to this location of Marathon Grill about a month ago and I never bothered to review it because I wasn't sure if my experience was really "worth" much in the grand scheme of Marathon Grill reviews.   I have been inspired to write one though, because the more restaurants I have tried since my visit here have made me more and more irritated that I spent MONEY on my meal here!  I ordered a chicken breast burger, and it was totally a turkey burger, which cost more- and the waitress wanted to argue with me about what it was.. hmm.  I also asked for honey mustard sauce on the burger and it came in a weird little puddle on the side... huh? My bun was stale.. the list goes on.The meal as a whole was just ok.  It looks like they had some better stuff on the menu- maybe they were trying to punish me for not ordering those things.Dear stupid Marathon waitress,
Have you ever heard that first impressions are everything? When my friends and I were waiting to be seated, you came up to bitch to one of your co-workers about how upset you were that people were being seated at your tables that hadn't been cleared yet. You actually said the words "I can't take this anymore". Girl, it couldn't have been later than 6:30, unfortunately you have to take it some more. While you weren't even my waitress you made me feel like you, the staff, were not happy people and it makes me nervous when my servers aren't happy because I don't want you to spit in my mashed potatoes. Overall experience at the marathon grill- alright. Would I come here again? Maybe, but I'm not calling all my friends up to go.
Sincerely,
ShiltonI like Marathon but in part because it is convenient to my work.  I believe their food is good but overpriced.  The wait staff is slow at checking in with you on how you are liking your meal, if you need refills, etc.  So far, my favorite food item was a one time special, a roasted peach and gorgonzola salad.  I wish they'd bring that back as a regular!  I also recommend the Spruce Salad (cranberries, mandarin oranges, candied walnuts over lettuce) and the salmon burger.  Furthermore, they are an awesome place to stop for take out frozen yogurt... great toppings and fast service.  
Overall, I don't think this is the best location of this chain.  But, they are a great place in West Philly if you are looking to sit down, have a drink and a good meal, and do some people watching.Came to this location for the first time last week: It was Friday night, to be specific, and the whole experience was very pleasant! Seated quickly, Service was Great and food very good! Had 3 starters to share: 1) Baked Artichoke Dip with baked baguette - must have a combination of cheeses. Very creamy, cheesy and yummy 2) Elijah's Baked Mac n Cheese - this says on menu 5 cheeses and garlic. very good, cheesy and melts in your mouth and lastly: 3) Brisket Quesadilla - I know we should have had a salad or grilled veggies but we got carried away. 
Next time, I would have a better balance. 
I like the fact this is family owed - locally and they are starting to get produce etc from local farmers. 
Will definitely come back to this location! it's at a convenient location and it's easy for visitors to meet up and park across the street (this is busy intersection).....Since I moved here about a year ago, Marathon Grill suffered through two shootings at the adjacent movie theatre along with a couple rowdy bar fights at Mar Bar, so I pretty much avoided that entire area altogether.  Yesterday, my beloved and I decided to eat dinner there before watching Predator II because it was sweltering hot, we were bored and it was the closest entertainment-related venue to our place.  I guess we decided to put the shootings behind us and risk it.  Either way, I'm glad I stopped by because it happened to be University City Dining Days so we each got a substantial soup, entree and dessert for $15.  So onto the food itself: 
Appetizer: Vegetarian Chili
Not the most flavorful chili I've ever tasted (and I totally believe in flavorful vegetarian food now since I can actually cook it myself, dammit!) and there was a huge glob of sour cream inside which I had to work around.  The Premium saltines made it better.
Entree: Pappardelle with Shiitake & Cremini 
Pappardelle is like my pizza--I'll even eat the bad ones.  There were some burnt pieces of mushroom in there that somehow made it taste better.  Overall it was a decent dish.  I'm glad they didn't put too much sauce on it as some low-end Italian places tend to do.
Dessert: Banana Bread Pudding with Ice Cream
This is actually just a piece of dry banana bread with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on it--not real bread pudding.  The ice cream had caramel drizzle on it that fell off like pieces of macaroni on a kid's art project.  
Drinks: I ordered a pineapple juice with coconut rum and it was good!  Not that anybody can really mess that up, though... at least I hope.
Service:
The waitresses that we interacted with were all extremely friendly and helpful.  However, it took a bit to find someone when we needed something and neither the soups or dessert came with a spoon which we had to wait for.
All in all, we didn't get shot.  I guess that makes this dinner a success.My friends and I were looking for a place to eat something decent but quick before a movie at the Bridge.  For some reason we chose Marathon, even knowing their level of speed is often a crapshoot.  Today we got lucky.
The 4 of us all ordered some Dogfish Heads and entrees (Bolognese Rigatoni, Wasabi Salmon, Mac N' Cheese, and some other pasta dish Mike got that I can't remember what was in it.)
The Wasabi Salmon actually looked awesome and it was gone from the plate in about 5 minutes due to my friends hunger.  My Mac N' Cheese was a bonus because I asked if I could add Chicken to it and they did....gratis.  That doesn't happen often!  Two of my buddies also got inspired by the table behind us and ordered a gigantic bottle of Chimay Blue...they thought it would cost around 15 bucks, but it cost 22.  The whole bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees came to 107 bucks...I didn't think it was too terrible considering the cost of the beers.  
Also on their way out the couple behind us had heard us talking about their giant beer so they gave the rest to us to finish because they had to make a movie next door...the same one we were trying to make.  Of course we got next door and I couldn't buy a ticket because it had become sold out with the person in front of me in line.  But I digress...this time the fault was mine and not the Marathon Grill.
My friend started his review of the MG last time by saying "This place is death."  I think it can now be upgraded to "this place is acceptable".i came here once for a late saturday brunch because i was craving some typical american brunch comfort food. i got eggs benedict and it was decent. nothing special. service was kind of slow considering the restaurant was only maybe about a third full. i like the way the place is decorated and the fact that they have a full bar, though i've never been when marbar was open.Ugh. Marathon Grill. 
It would be so nice if this place was actually poppin. I've been to this place probably four times since its been built here. The first time must have been fine because I came the second time. After those visits the food and drink quality goes down, down, down. And down some more. 
They need a consistent chef, waiters, and manager. They could rake in so much more money from the thousands of people who pass this place everyday. 
When I'm in this area, the Marathon Grill gets ignored. I'm sorry I visited this place, but I only came cause that Mexican place wasn't serving before a certain time. A last resort. Ugh.The service here has never been stellar, but I do return because it's convenient and the food is pretty tasty. Not the best value per dollar, compared to other local restaurants... but I do like that it's a local Philadelphia chain and they have some spunk and attitude!RESTAURANT - Meh, not impressed with the food. I ordered an entree that consisted of melted cheese on top...it came out hard - yuck! The lighting was dim and the food was not worth restaurant-price. Unless you're coming for lunch for their sandwiches, go somewhere else.
LOUNGE - This is for the review of Marbar in Center City and West Philly. The one in center city is really nice, decor is sexy and the DJ plays chill music to sip your $2 drink special to (now thats afforadable!). Great place to just kick back with your friends or drink up before hitting the clubs. 
The Marbar in West Philly is definitely more a partying lounge. Bathrooms are hard to find but there's at least more than 2 stalls. I didn't get anything at the bar so I wouldn't know the prices. I went when DNA-nightlife hosted an event there so the DJ was decent (though it would have been better if he played more than 15 seconds of each song) and the seating along the walls let you rest your feet. Took until after midnight for the crowd to get dancing, and if you like to show off your stuff, there's platforms to climb onto and show whatcha momma gave ya ;)Not really the best location in the chain, but Marathon is a decent place to grab brunch... but I really only go there for the hand-cut french fries and chocolate milkshakes. Yum!I honestly don't know why this place has such negative reviews.
I have been here several times and have enjoyed it each time.  I like the Chipotle Chicken wrap and the burger, and have never had a complaint. 
I may have come off-peak times (usually Tuesday or Thursday nights) but my service was always fast and friendly.
I plan on going back more times in the future.
I would say to give it a shot and decide for yourself, because I came here and was surprised to see such negative reviews.The Marathon Grill is Philly's chain of "upscale" diners, and it's quite good.  A few years ago, the Marathon was dirt cheap.  I remember coming into the city for the day while living out in Bryn Mawr, and being shocked by the amount of choices and the price.  The prices have since gone up, but the food is still consistently yummy.  
For brunch you can get dark chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes, huevos rancheros, or eggs benedict.  Want a mimosa with that?  Why not.  And the coffee snob that I am, their brewed coffee is pretty tasty.  But don't order a latte unless you like some grounds at the bottom.  (???)  Lunch and dinner options are also just as varied, from wraps to thai chicken to pasta and salmon.
If you're with a group and have absolutely no idea of what you're in the mood for, Marathon's the spot.  There aren't many restaurants in Philadelphia like this one that are as consistently delicious.Came for brunch while visiting a friend at Penn. Wanted everything on the menu, settled for the croissant sandwich. It was fantastic, as were the home-fries. I'll have to make this a stop every time I'm in Philly, which hopefully will be more often.Love the place and the area. I was craving breakfast at 1 in the afternoon, so my friend brought me here. I ordered the blueberry ricotta stuffed french toast, and I didn't really like it. They drizzled some sort of blueberry sauce all over the toast, but it didn't really taste like anything. I had to drench my food in syrup. The place is nice overall, but not enough to come back for mediocre food.I've been here multiple times, almost always for brunch. The food is always average at best, and the service never anything but lousy, but it's convenient and surprisingly one of the few brunch places in University City. Mediocrity was the MO at Marathon, at least until today.
We showed up a little after noon, put our name down, and began to wait with the 15 or so other people already there. We sat and we sat, and watched many groups finish their meal and walk out. In the next 30 minutes, 7 tables were cleared, but not a single person was seated. The hostess was taking a phone call at the bar, so I asked one of the servers why no one was being seated. He said the kitchen was backed up, and if they sat everybody at once it would only get worse. Not entirely convincing, but acceptable logic. One couple that had been there before us simply ignored the hostess and took a seat at an open booth.
Finally the hostess got around to butchering the process of seating people. She sat a group of 8 or so at a booth designed for 4, despite the fact that two much bigger tables had been open for over 20 minutes now. Everyone that had been waiting was seated in a disorganized mass within minutes of each other, which made me wonder about the waiter's reasoning. After seating a group of three that had been waiting for at most five minutes before us, the hostess eventually guided my patient girlfriend and I to a table in the corner. 
Unfortunately, the table wasn't clean, and was stacked high with dirty plates and maple syrup containers. So we waited in the aisle for a bit while she cleared things off and gave the surface a once-over with a rag. We sat down, and the waiter came over and took our drink orders. Ten minutes later, he reappeared with a cup of coffee for me, and an apology for my girlfriend, they didn't have what she had ordered. While she picked something new, I moved to take a sip of coffee, only to discover the rim was covered in purple lip stick. I sent the coffee back, and after another ten minutes of waiting we finally got our drinks and placed our brunch orders. 
40 minutes later, closing in on 90 minutes since we first walked into the restaurant, our food finally appeared. My girlfriend's scrambled eggs were burnt into a hard, spongy, flavorless mound, but at least everything I ordered was fine. About halfway through the meal we were able to flag down our absentee waiter using eye-semaphore to request some drink re-fills. And then, in a final flair of incompetence only Marathon could manage, my girlfriend found a long black hair in her pancakes, which seemed about right for how the brunch had gone up until that point. The manager came over and was apologetic and offered to replace them with something else, but by that time we just wanted to leave as fast as we could. At least they were conscientious enough to take the pancakes off the bill. 
We won't be back any time soon."MarBar" is the nickname of the bar on the second floor.
During the day, this is a slightly more upscale (for students' budgets) restaurant that serves salads, hamburgers, and pasta for consumption, with a twist of European fusion now and then with all the American food - mostly sandwiches and Italian. There's outdoor seating in the summer, and they open up the windows/walls to the outside in the pleasant months during Spring and Fall.
Ice cream here isn't bad, though expensive (as it is dessert).
Drinks vary, but the music can be good here, they pretty much cater to the Top 40-crowd most days and they also have days where they'll bring in a guest DJ or events on the second floor. Dancing and music upstairs after a certain hour, sometimes with a cover, sometimes not.Four stars for four words: matzoh ball soup delivery.
The rest of the food is fairly tasty if unremarkable, and we often end up here by default on nights when it's late and we don't want to cook.  The beer selection is good -- anywhere that has Scarlet Lady on tap wins bonus points with me.  
But seriously, the matzoh ball soup is where it's at.  It's delicious and full of vegetables and filling enough to be a meal without being at all greasy or heavy.  And did I mention the cheap delivery?  If you're a sick student, this is a godsend.I have been going to Marathon for the past two years and have loved every visit. Their menu has expanded quite a bit and now I have many favorites.
If you go for brunch, the pancakes are a must! Delicious and fluffy, they are what every pancake should be. Also the salads, pressed sandwiches, entrees... heck, the whole menu is delicious! And, rumor on the street is that they have a delicious and reasonably prices Happy Hour. 
If you go on the weekends, expect a short wait because the dining room is not that big. At least in nice weather they open the patio for more seating. I give Marathon Grill 3 thumbs up!I've had better.  (That's the understatement of the month.)  I went with one other person; we ordered two appetizers, two entrees, two desserts, and a side of mashed potatoes.
My dining partner ordered corn chowder.  He was appalled.  I tasted some myself--it was more like tomato soup that had lost its color.  The waiter was nice enough to replace it with chicken noodle, but when you were expecting corn chowder chicken noodle is nothing but a letdown.  I had Caesar salad, which was an acceptable.
Then we had our entrees.  The quesadilla was pretty good, there were huge pieces of pepper and the quesadillas were hard to keep together, but they were good.  As for my marathon burger... Have you ever chewed a slim jim until there's no flavor left?  That's what I felt like I was chewing the entire time.  How do you mess up a burger?  It was pretty big too, and I found myself forcing it down after the first fourth.  
The mashed potatoes tasted a little weird, not bland or salty or anything like that; there was just something off, a little sour if you will.  No comment on the desserts, they were fine.
Our server was a very scruffy individual who looked like he hated his job.  We also sat by a table in the back and we were assaulted by a swarm of fruit flies.  Ugh. 
I suppose there were a few things that could have affected our service.  When we first arrived there was a down pour outside.  We also went during University City dining days, so I'm assuming that they had more customers throughout the day.  Even with these things in account (and getting a three course meal for $15) I don't think I'll ever be returning by choice.So, apparently they recently changed the menu. I came here with my Mom about a year ago and she loved the selection, so when her and my Dad visited she really wanted to go again. This time, with the new menus there was hardly anything on there that she remembered sounded good from the last time. I thought the same thing; especially because I had been there a lot more times then my mom and always found something new to try. We stuck it out though and found some stuff that sounded okay. 
I decided to ask for calamari for the table as an appetizer. They were out of calamari. Then my Dad asked for meatloaf. They were out of meatloaf. 
He decided to order a cheeseburger instead. 
When the food came out, they only brought out my mom and dads meals. The cheeseburger had no cheese on it. 
My Mom ended up ordered a mac and cheese that said it had tomatoes onions and roasted red pepper in it. When she got it, it had green peppers(which she doesnt like) in it and it made the cheese taste disgusting. My roommate actually loves green peppers and when she tried it she thought it was gross too. She told the waiter and he gave her a menu to pick something else. She picked a pulled pork sandwich. 
Meanwhile, me and my roommate still have not gotten our food. My Dads  hamburger was getting cold because he was waiting for our meals to come. 
The pulled pork sandwich came out a little before me and my roommates meals. We had ordered two different salads. Mine was a salmon salad with cucumbers, tomatoes, artichoke, radishes, and onions in a light vinaigrette dressing. It was good but nothing spectacular. My roommate got a chopped salad with a barbeque ranch dressing which I thought looked and tasted great. My mom's pulled pork sandwich was dry and had nothing on it. 
My dad asked for a drink refill about halfway through the meal and the waiter didn't remember to grab it until we were being handed our check. 
Basically this place is going down the tubes. I know my parents came to Philly to visit me but I feel bad that they had to be subjected to bad service and food while they were here.I admit it's been about 4 months since I ate here (Fall 2010) but I finally got around to reviewing.
First off I wasn't expecting much since I purchased a Living Social deal but then checked and saw low Yelp reviews.
Still
- 20 min before we got drinks
- 1 hr before we got food
- our server saying although the deal said a meal for 2 including appetizers, meal, and drink for each person the manager said he could only give us one appetizer and it had to be from the little bites which are simply vegetable sides
- the manager walking past us 4 times and checking on everyone else BUT us. Granted we didn't have food or drinks at the time but asking "how things were going" you would've found out - NOT WELL
- asking for the manager afterwards to explain our horrible experience and him denying it took us that long to get drinks or fed and saying he had to check the kitchen ticket but gave us his card to come back for a free meal. I doubt a business card with his signature and "free entree" noted will stand the muster considering how shady they were about our Living Social deal
- oh yeah after all that the food was blah blah blah and not worth the energy to chew or the calories!
The fact there were only 4 other couples in the entire restaurant should've been our clue!What more appropriate place to go to after the Philly marathon than Marathon Grill? We were a large party, 19 people total including two very tired and hungry runners and this place was very accommodating for a post marathon lunch. 
The second floor space was great for our large party, the service was pretty good and the menu long enough to have something for everyone. The chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes were especially popular among the group.We hadn't been to Marathon in a while but were excited to have dinner and some drinks before seeing Avatar next door. We have had pleasant enough experiences at the restaurant in the past, but didn't go in with inordinately high expectations. Summary: complete waste money-- go get a burrito from Mexicali or some Thai food from Thai Singha.
There really weren't any Pros, so here are the Cons:
1. No drink menu available ( "it's being revamped") so I ordered my standby drink-- Seven&7. Completely 100% flat. Not a single bubble. I sent it back and ordered the pino grigio, one of the 2 white wines available. Pretty gross, but seeing as there wasn't a wine list to get me excited about anything, I wasn't surprised. At least it was a full glass.
2.Ben ordered a double Makers Mark. It was soooooo small. He opted for the usually fail-safe Lager next. WARM. Why does this place have warms kegs?!? Cold beer is a no-brainer. 
Food was completely unremarkable. Service wasn't rude or inept, but wasn't particularly helpful.
One star not because this place is the absolute pits, but because there's absolutely no reason why I will ever go back.I'd like to think of myself as a sandwich connoisseur. I love the classic PB and J. I love paninis. I love (Jewish) deli sandwiches. And I love club sandwiches. Which brings me to my next point.
What I Ordered: $10 Turkey Club. It's a traditional club, but better. I shall describe from ground up. Pressed Ciabatta. Pesto sauceeeee. Turkey. Add bacon strips. Add bacon strips. Add bacon strips. (If you don't know where that's from, I suggest you watch Epic Meal Time on YouTube.) Avocado slices. Choice of a Caesar Salad, with greens plucked from the Garden Eden itself, or fries.
Verdict: Turkey club is too legit. Definitely a go-to lunch. Haven't tried much from the menu, but if it's anywhere as good as the club, I'd assume it to be pretty dank. Must visit if in the University City area.Marathon, you would have gotten 5 stars had you not jacked up your prices (even well before this damned food inflation spiral kicked in).
I liked Marathon so much, I even forgot what was there before they opened up shop.  Not so much a fan of MarBar, but I did love getting dinner at Marathon; a grilled turkey bacon pesto sandwich sitting outside under an umbrella... for what used to be $7.50!  My friends raved about the quesadillas, too.
EDIT: And how can you go wrong with a resty that plays Gypsy Kings?  classic!i went there last night for an event upstairs and my girlfriend wanted to eat so we went downstairs, as i was looking over the menu i noticed a mouse walking not running around..im like what the ? so i pointed it out to three other girls at another table, then i went to the front to tell the hostess her attitude was like ok and what..i guess they are used to it...it was the worst and the fact that mice are comfortable enough to walk around freely...they can have it..wont ever go there again...........yuckkkkkkkkkkk!We went here on a Saturday night for dinner/dessert.  The waitress was rude and unattentive. 
I.dont.play.that.Moderately priced and lots of food. Salmon burger was a little soggy but overall experience was great. I would go back.We've only been to the downstairs section of Marathon Grill for the food and a couple of drinks.  My boyfriend and I went again yesterday pretty late when every other place had closed kitchens.  The food is generally pretty okay.  Just the regular American fare with a few entrees, sandwiches, salads, flatbreads and 24 hour breakfast.  In otherwords, I guess it's a fancy diner with a full bar.  The difference is that most diners don't serve their omelettes with smoked salmon and asparagus, or their salads with swordfish.  
The drinks from the times I've been to it have been a little disappointing.  From the martini drink menu, I ordered the naked martini, the description being 'vodka or gin, olives, and nothing else'.  I opted for a vodka one, but it certainly was not only vodka and olives.  What I got was basically olive juice with a splash of vodka and 2 olives. .... lame!!  I could finish the whole drink in 1 draught.  That was how weak it was (and I graduated from my vodka-swilling freshman days years ago).  
They were also out of basic bottled lite beer.  How this is possible is really beyond me.  
The service can really be hit or miss as well.  I think they have a high turnover in terms of the staff and so a lot of times they people who are serving you are either new or just don't care.  One time our server was standing at the computer where they enter orders for about 15 minutes before we finally were able to flag her down.  
All in all, it's a good place if you're looking for a quick bite and just want to have a good, filling meal.  2 stars.. they could definitely do better and try to appear to care a little more.  Plus, the food and the pricing is a little mismatched.  And my martini was not worth any more than $3.This is a great place to go for breakfast.  They have a wide variety of breakfast options, including a tofu-scramble and meat options.  They also have a lot of "breakfast alcohol drinks".  And, really, who doesn't like to start their day out with a good stiff drink?  That wasn't meant to be sarcastic.
They're non-breakfast food is real good too.  I've been there more for breakfast than anything else though, so I'm not going to elaborate too much on this, but it is good.
The service is pretty good.  They're often crowded, so sometimes the waitstaff is a bit too busy, but they're real good for a crowded place.
The prices aren't bad either, definitely fair.  And the atmosphere is nice.  It's very well lit, lots of windows, and comfortable tables and chairs.Brought a LARGE group after a UPenn basketball game.  We waited awhile, but that was OK.  We got good service.  Evryone enjoyed the beer selection and the food.there's a lot of marathon grill's here in philly. for a complete list, check out the marathon grill website. i'm adding and reviewing this particular one because of its infamy in my life known as "marbar." so here's the lowdown.
basically one night me and my girlfriend and dance buddy got really sick of the crowd at the 700 club. so we headed out to marbar because i have a friend who's a bartender there and he's always wanting me to come check it out. now let me just throw out my misgivings about this place. 1) its on penn's campus at the intersection of rich, spoiled, pompous and trendy 2)... ok that one misgiving kind of explains most of the others, like trendy annoying crowd, expensive drinks, and bad music. (and i prefer dive bars!?)
let me just say that for the most part, my misgivings were right. but in the end, all that didn't matter. there wasn't a huge crowd (on a friday night), the atmosphere was relaxed and easy going, and even though i didn't really care for the dj, it was definitely fun, dance-able music. so while me and my buddies were probably uber out of place, we ended up having a pretty good time. so, marbar, i salute you, and the trendy people you cater to.Went here for a quick bite to eat and found it to be a solid place for a good burger at a reasonable price. 
For $11 you get a burger with a choice of any three toppings (good selection offered) and hand cut fries.  I got swiss, sauteed mushrooms and carmelized onions on mine (as per a friend's suggestion). The fries were pretty standard. 
Service was good and wasn't too busy on a Friday night.This is a happening hotspot with good food but not a great place if you want privacy.  Be prepared to to get to know your neighbors real well.  The chicken I had was dry but I also tried the mac and cheese which was delicious.  The staff was young and enthusiastic but the etiquette was to be desired as we received no food for 25 minutes and then appetizers and entrees came within minutes of one another making the small table over-run with food.  Would go back again, but not a necessity in my dining rotation.When I went to Penn, I ate at this place practically every other week just because it was close by, but let me tell you - the food was a disappointment Each and Every time.  It was so bland that I won't set food in any other Marathon ever.  This place is really conveniently located if you live nearby and want casual dining that's not a diner, food cart, or fast food.  However, in my humble opinion, you'd be better off at Pattaya... or even Fresh Grocer.  They've got tons of prepared food that's priced perhaps a smidge lower than Marathon.
Marathon can still have 2 stars because the servers are nice enough and I'm pretty comfortable in there atmosphere-wise.  Great people-watching on 40th and Walnut, the corner that never sleeps, which is helpful when your dining partner is a total bore.
As for the bar, never been to MarBar on a night when it wasn't having an event hosted by a Penn org, so I'll withhold comment.I've been here a few times since moving to the area and I'm generally really pleased when I leave. Their chicken pot pie is delish, as is the salmon burger. They also have a great beer selection and their wines are pretty good, too.
The last time I went, it was a Friday night and they had bottles of wine on special for $20 (made my night), so we ordered the Shiraz. My friend and I were just in for some appetizers. We ordered their pork nachos (without the pork) and calamari. The nachos were yummy and very different. The calamari, though was disappointing at best. It can be best described as flavorless. I never use salt and had to put some on it.
Marathon bounced back, though when we ordered the berries and frozen yogurt. It was sooo delicious. Had we not ordered that, I feel as though we would have left disappointed. 
The service was friendly and accommodating. She didn't come back much, but my friend and I were catching up, so, it wasn't an issue for us.I will give a disclaimer that all of my experiences are based off of delivery, but I just don't see what all of the hype is about. The food is eh... I personally think that Manischewitz mix makes better matzoh ball soup. I've gotten both salads and sandwiches and they've been ok, but quite expensive and soggy or cold when I've finally had the food in my hands.I went to brunch here on Sunday, and the food is so good! 
I loved the unique atmosphere and the servers were all very friendly. I was expecting a long wait but surprisingly they seated us within 5 minutes of arriving.Brunch!  Brunch!  I had a great brunch here a couple weeks ago.  I really like how light and airy the space is.  Contrary to other reviews, my friend and I had excellent service.  Portions are large and the brunch favorites are done well.  My friend and I shared orders we got to try a couple of different dishes.  Our server was very friendly and returned multiple times to check on us.  Fun location and I had a good time.Sometimes looks can be deceiving. From the outside, and inside, it looks like a good American-fare restaurant. Menu looks promising with interesting items that riff on standard fare.
Unfortunately, it just comes across as so-so.  The short-ribs sandwich was perhaps as bland as it comes with no flavor at all. The cheese was subpar and worst of all, the temp was lukewarm.  The fries were surprising the same.  When the best thing your fries and sandwich has going for it is that you can put lots of ketchup on it for flavor, there's something wrong. 
Service was very spotty too. They did indicate some new menu items were coming next week. Don't think that's enough to save them. The quality that they were putting out just doesn't cut it.Consistently mediocre food, "control freak" build your own salads, and a decent place to grab a bite or beer before the movie. Upstairs, things seem to have gotten uncharacteristically cool. I went to a fashion show not long ago and Hercules and the Love Affair had a DJ set there last weekend. Bizarre but also pretty cool.
As for food, I'm a fan of the matzoh ball soup.This place is death. Ok, it's not the worst restaurant in the world, or even the worst restaurant in West Philly. I think what's most offensive is that it could be a good place if it just followed through on its brand. The menu choices are generally pretty good-- something for everybody. This makes sense because it's the type of place that can accommodate a group, in theory. The space is good, it's a great setup at a good location. The service however, is about the worst in the city. Slow waitstaff and slow cooks compound to make the average Marathon experience turn into a real endurance test, a marathon, if you will. Oh, that was so lame. Also, most of the food has that reheated long enough to get lukewarm taste, or perhaps it just sits under the heat lamps for 20 minutes while your waiter or waitress smokes their 8th pack of cigarettes in the alley. 
Bottom line: if you absolutely have to eat here, call for take-out. In fact, order the 3 course price fixe dinner menu for takeout. It's worth a laugh.Ugh, I hate this place so bad.  And I have to be honest, I kind of like Marathon Grill as a chain.  It's a good, cheap, nice looking place to take people who aren't into adventurous eating. My boyfriend's mom has some food allergies, which makes it hard to find a good place to eat when they're in town.  Their food isn't amazing, but it'll do if you don't want anything expensive but can't bring yourself to go to Chili's or something.
But this location. Ugh. Like Mike M.'s review said, this place just doesn't live up to its potential.  They're right in the middle of everything, on a prime corner, next to the now only movie theater in West Philly.  We end up seeing a fair amount of movies at the Bridge next door.  They could be doing great business with people getting drinks and food before or after a movie, but I'd rather walk anywhere else than the restaurant right next door. UGHHH
It takes forever to get seated in this place, forever to get a drink order, takes forever for your food to come- and it's never really that busy.  The last time I came here was almost a year ago and we vowed that we had had enough.  It wasn't crowded at all, but it was obvious that something was up with the waitstaff- it was like total chaos.  We waited a while for someone to even acknowledge that we came in, eventually getting a bartender or someone to seat us.  It was a chilly early spring day, and we decided to eat lunch outside along side maybe two other tables of people.  This guy seated us and then nothing.  It was like there wasn't a single person covering the folks outside.  We never even got napkins or a drink order.  We chatted for a while but realized that we had been waiting over twenty five minutes for a DRINK ORDER, so we just walked out.  Who knows if anyone even noticed.boo...food is crappy and seems very line-cooked and generally non-fresh. I've gotten served dirty cupware a couple times as well. Don't get anything but the most simple basic dishes that no one could mess up. I had a good omlet a few years ago at a Marathon Grill, and that's the only good experience I've ever had there. I've gone vegan since and now there's nothing there for me...unless I want to get drunk out of a dirty glass.Stopped in here for a drink before a movie. Not a huge fan of this place. The staff was really nice and the service was good, but it was uncomfortable to be looked up and down by all the Penn students as if I were invading their turf. The place wasnt good enough for me to want to go back again.Yikes. Definitely disappointed. In summary:
- Waitress was nice but didn't come check on us often. It was impossible to find her most of the time, and more than half the restaurant was empty so COME ON! She never refilled our waters and didn't get our orders right.
- My friend thought her burger was burnt. She was never asked how she wanted the meat cooked or whether she wanted fries/salad, so she had to call the waitress back to specify. Seriously. This is supposed to be standard protocol. Not worth the $10.50.
- My crispy chicken sesame salad was bland and salty. I don't think I've ever had a super salty salad before. It was NOT good. I also asked for dressing on the side, and of course it wasn't.So not worth the $11.50.
- The fries suck. Soggy and flavorless. 
The only good thing was the brownie with ice cream. But $6.50 for that? eeks me thinks not.
Also throughout the night, the lighting kept getting dimmer and dimmer... it was pretty noticeable. Is this their way of cutting back?
Bathroom was dirty and out of paper towels.
Definitely won't come back. The experience was pitiful. Can a better restaurant please replace this beautiful space?Read Alicia F's review - we shared the same experience and she said it better than I could, anyway!
It was just weird to have a server that hardly spoke, then disappeared for the meal and had to be summoned by another server. Maybe she was a ghost.
Seafood chowder? Pass. It really did look and smell like cat food.
On the upside? Ummm, the cheese fries weren't bad. If only we had plates to put them on.
Sorry Marathon. This visit was an epic fail.After not eating for 9 hrs, i came to marathon for some quick food. I ordered the chicken pot pie, which was bland and not heated, and it took about 50 minutes for them to bring out the dish. My friends all ordered burgers, which took 45 minutes to come out. Also, the place was only half full or so, and even getting bottles of beer took a long time, despite the small restaurant and that our table was right next to the bar. I will never come here again.Marathon @ 40th, you have so much potential. You can do better.
Marathon occupies a beautiful space on the southwest corner of 40th and Walnut. They have a wide open patio dining area that is great from early April to late September.
But the food - it's mediocre. It's in that unmemorable gray area between bad and good. Case in point, I've eaten here at least five times and I can't remember anything about any of the meals, aside from the bacon brussel sprouts. All-in-all, nothing I really go out of my way to get at those prices in UCity.
I come here occasionally during a nice workday to just sit outside, people watch, and have a drink. To that end, their addition of the patio bar is the solid gold idea that had me debating whether to add a 3rd star to their rating. I chose not to, because though it's a step in the right direction, I want some attention paid elsewhere as well.
FInally, I have to say a word about MarBar... it's a neat looking place, sure enough, but the mix they play is the same top 40 you hear everywhere else (not my favorite, but bearable) - the only difference being that no one wants to club in UCity. 
So... as long as the current musical stylings aren't packing the room, can we try something different? A James Brown marathon? Or maybe some live music? Even a weekly tribute band would be great. And, if I could dream improbable dreams, it'd be really great to have a nice jazz club in the area. I'd even pay a 5 or 10 cover.
Here's to hoping you find that flow, Marathon.Living and working in West Philly means that I inevitably come to Marathon every now and again.  I like the fact that they have lots of choices; control freak salads, all the possible sandwiches known to man, breakfast stuff all day.  The food is reasonable, but nothing special, and the service is generally lackluster, but not rude.  One of my big pet peeves is that during the summer, they have outdoor seating (which is nice) but don't seem to care when vagrants off the street beg the patrons for money.  It's infuriating to be eating lunch while being hounded by someone for money.  All in all, nothing special, but sometimes when I'm not looking for anything special, it'll do!