Marathon is great because it's pretty consistent and there is something for everyone on the menu.  
- Cheesesteak wontons are fantastic-- definitely a favorite
- Turkey Burger is good-- the burger itself isn't anything spectacular but I love the fig jam, apples, and smoked gouda!
Can't wait for the rad outdoor seating to be back!Food is ok. Never spectacular, but good enough if I don't feel like cooking and want to eat somewhere nearby and not pay as much as at other spots in the area. My only gripe is the inconsistent service. As a solo diner, I usually get good service during dinner time at the bar. The quality of table service, however, is mixed (except during Sunday breakfast, when one of the waitresses ALWAYS disregards me while attending to pairs and groups; I think I'll switch to the bar next time, or request the other waitress with the dyed blond hair--she's good).I love Marathon because of the fresh selection and healthy options although get the chicken pot pie when its on special because it is oh so good. The servers are not great, the basic skills are lacking like remembering all items ordered and doing so correctly, slow on refills of drinks including top shelf which always boggles my mind. Also, last time we ate there I had to tell this guy to please stop mopping with bleach while I was eating! For crying out loud, I got nauseous and had a headache when I left. No common sense by any of the staff.The food is consistently good here. Nothing super-great or fancy or overly amazing or even that original, but consistently GOOD, all the time. 
All day breakfast, yummy eggs and pancakes, giant giant giant salads that you can, like at all the mg locations, mix and match with whatever you like. And consistently interesting enough specials. 
Also, soup. MMM. Matzo ball soup. MMM. 
And the manager, Renee is the sweetest person in history.Lousy.  Have been passing this place for months, finally gave it a shot.  A completely mediocre brunch.  Worse than most diners I've been in.  Potatoes cold. Pancakes dense and cakey. Crappy maple flavored table syrup.  Greasy fatty bacon as thin as paper. Everything was pretty much the quality you'd get at a crummy hotel breakfast.
So I began to wonder why the food was so bad.  Then I realized there were as many wait staff present as patrons.  And that perhaps the reason the owner isn't investing in better food is because he or she is paying a large staff to stand around.
Whatever the reason, I won't be back.  Not alone.  Not with friends.  Not ever.oh marathon. i eat here fairly often as it's 1) open late; 2) close to my place; and 3) one of the few places to get soup. 
and yet... the food is mediocre on average. some things are really good -- the soups, the burger is pretty solid, the cobb. but where marathon fails, it fails hard. things like the calamari, which attempts to be upscale when it should just be good, and the southwest salad, which i can honestly say was one of the worst salads i've ever had. 
mots bills itself as organic and farm-fresh and all that, but it should really ditch the gimmick in favor of better tasting end product.Oh how this place has fallen from what it once was. 
Stopped by for an early dinner after not having been here for a few years. (I used to live down the block and was a regular here for a long time.)
The decor is cute, the menu is more casual than it used to be, but still looked interesting. We were seated and served promptly. Because it was early, there were only two other tables seated, so we expected to be in and out quickly.
And then we waited.
And waited. 
Drinks ran dry. Plates were cleaned. And still we waited. 
And waited some more. 
It was a solid hour since our food had been brought and no one even glanced at our table, let alone came over to check if the food was OK, if we needed more drinks, etc. 
Finally, I went up to the bartender and asked if she could please find someone, anyone who could give us our check so we could leave. She ended up doing it. Ten minutes AFTER that, our waiter came over and cleared the plates without a word. No apology, no attempt at explaining what happened. Just grabbed our plates and the check and walked away. 
The food was fine -- but nothing to write home about. So unless you want mediocre food and an exercise in zen mediation while you ponder the nature of time and the meaning of life, avoid. 
There are much better ways to spend your time and your money  all over this neighborhood.Great drink specials during happy hour and late night.  Service is okay.   Food/apps/mixed drinks are okay.  A good spot for a cheap drink/app before heading elsewhere.  Their breakfast, though, is good and they deliver!Not really sure why some of the reviews just ripped into this place. I enjoy it. It's a good place removed a little bit from the business of the Park/Square. Our server was solid, and the food was tasty. There's also outdoor seating, which is a huge plus. 
The food is no frills. Definitely try their matzo ball soup. It's solid, and I love how chickeny and salty the ball is. In addition, their numerous brunch offerings everywhere from breakfast sandwiches, burgers, and platters are cloud pleasers.I came here for brunch and ate at the bar on a weekend to Philly for my friends wedding. The bartender made an AMAZING Bloody Mary!  Staff was very friendly and accommodating. It was a great vibe, good menu and my omelette was pretty good. Highly recommend.I've eaten here many times, and today was probably the last. Here's the story of the worst experience dining in Philadelphia I've ever had. Ever. EVER.
My husband (a vegetarian), two friends, my baby, and I came here for brunch.
We put in our first order:
- coffee with milk (I asked for whole or 2%)
coffee and half and half came out
Ok, I thought. Not a big deal.
We put in an order for food:
1. Breakfast special burrito (just without the chorizo)
We asked about 5 times to make sure it's vegetarian with the chorizo taken out. 
This was the ONLY item we asked for to be altered from the menu.
2. Huevos Rancheros
3. An omelet
4. Another breakfast burrito (no alterations whatsoever)
Because we were starving, I asked for some muffins or bread. This is where things started to break down. 
The waiter told us that they didn't do muffins. They don't do muffins - nope, not at all. Not now, not ever. 
(I believe him even though my office gets Marathon catering with muffins.) 
Ok, can we get an order of home fries and have those come out soon? Sure, he says.
He leaves and comes back 5 minutes later.
He apologizes but they are out of chorizo. Bummer, I thought. I was excited for my huevos. Ok, well, that's two orders we had to adjust, and again not a big deal. We can get any other breakfast meat in our orders. He recommends bacon. Ok, sounds good. But apparently, his "system" erased all of our previous orders so he had to take them down again.  We repeat our orders. 
1. My husband asks for the breakfast special burrito without the chorizo
2. I ask for the huevos, but with bacon instead of chorizo
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for the burrito with bacon (since there's no chorizo available)
And those home fries. 
Another 5-8 minutes goes by and our waiter comes out again and tells us he got in a fight with the kitchen staff about our order. Apparently they can't take the chorizo out of the beans for the breakfast special burrito and they can't make the huevos with bacon.  Ok, well this is weird - I thought they didn't have chorizo, but now they can't take it out of the beans for the burrito... So we change our orders again:
1. My husband asks for a regular breakfast burrito (again making sure it's vegetarian). I ask as well to make sure it's vegetarian.
2. I change my order to the Eggs Benny - I forget the name of them off the menu, but it was on the brunch menu.
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for a different thing because again they couldn't take the chorizo that they didn't have out of the burrito. 
And the home fries. At this point we were very hungry so we asked for the tex-mex home fries as well. 
About 15 min later our orders come out and my husband's burrito has chorizo in it. It has the thing we were told twice the restaurant ran out of. It was the thing we were told we had to change our orders for twice. And it was my husband's, my vegetarian husband's, burrito, which we asked about a number of times.
We got two orders of home fries and tex-mex home fries. That's an extra order of home fries. 
I asked to speak to the manager. He came out and was very kind and apologized. He comped us the home fries and had a new burrito brought out for my husband.
Then, the waiter came out again and started telling us that he's paying for the home fries and that the brunch shift was the best one and he's no longer working it. Now he's trying to make us feel bad. 
To top things off, I see a giant basket of muffins on the counter when I run in to use the bathroom. (The muffins we were told they didn't have.)I love the design of the restaurant, I think it is stylized beautifully. The food was great for a group of girls looking for a hearty breakfast after a night on the town! Yummy drinks. Great spot!My significant other and I had quite a poor experience here. 
During our meal: 
1) We were ignored by staff who delayed in taking our order then forgot to bring our drinks. 
2) The food then came late. The table next to us was seated at least 10 minutes after us but got their food at least 10 minutes before us. 
3) The food that came was then substandard, to put it mildly. My significant other couldn't take more than 3 bites of her meal because it was so bland (think of microwaved, scrambled eggs with no flavoring), and ended up sharing mine. We both left hungry. 
4) Finally, the cleanliness of the restaurant left a lot to be desired. When the waitress finally brought out my (forgotten) drink, the glass had lipstick marks on it. When I told the waitress, I did feel bad because she was so embarrassed. She went and got me another glass. 
What makes this matter worse is, later on, I wrote to the restaurant with feedback. I didn't want to make the wait staff or restaurant management feel bad on the spot, so I figured email communication would be better; however, I was mistaken. They ignored my complaints and correspondence. At the very least, from a customer service perspective, listening to and offering an apology for a frustrated customer would have gone a long way. 
Overall, a poor dining experience that we aren't going to forget anytime soon.I was looking for somewhere for a Friday night and not being organised enough to book anything, I wandered around for a few minutes and stumbled upon this place. It was fairly quiet which is usually not a great indicator of a place but it worked out for the best.
Service was good not pushy. 
I had a burger which was well cooked pretty tasty and not too expensive. My dining partner had a Salmon Nicoise salad which was the size of a house - more a full dinner than a subtle salad. 
All in all a reasonable tasty experience. Not fine dining but a pretty decent place to stumble upon. There menus were a little tatty and not up to date when it came to the beers on offer.
I'd get a burger there againI have tried every Marathon location many times and Marathon on the Square is consistently better than the rest. 
Better selection than the other Marathons, the food is always hot  (when it's supposed to be) and fresh, waitstaff always accommodating of special requests. The ambiance is much nicer too. Just be sure you don't get seated too close to either the front door or the air conditioning vent! 
I have eaten here hundreds of times over the years and have enjoyed virtually every meal. It is also the "go to" place when out-of-towners visit. Repeat visitors always ask to go back. There are a number of long-time waitstaff, but every so often a new waiter pops up.  Also don't judge the food by how well it keeps when carrying out or getting delivery. Definitely an excellent choice for brunch, lunch, and dinner!
The pros: varied and tasty menu, breakfast avail all day, doesn't break the bank
The cons:  can get pretty packed for sat and sun brunchWhenever I want to break the monotony of my dining experiences the atmosphere of this location is always the ticket. Only because of where this restaurant is located does on feel like it is upscale or ritzy but it isn't - At All.
 This location can get pretty busy as well as the other two location and with the route 17 bus and other cars going by it can seem similar to the 16th St. location but that's fine.
The day I was here, it was a beautiful, sunny day which is when I prefer to go here because its always busy in and out.
 I ordered my favorite, Banana pancakes with bacon and a tall glass of milk. This always hits the spot and I like the carbs it gives me to go use up after several hours prior to a working out.
The servers here are very pleasant and attentive. At least when I'm there they, are. 
Not all of the staff have gotten the memo to be kind, pleasant and attentive however but I think they have their picks on who to be this required way with or not but it should be across the board that they show professional courtesy to everyone that comes through those glass doors.Came here for breakfast, but they only serve breakfast on the weekends. A sign or something would have been nice. The breakfast menu looked really good.  I ended up getting a caprese sandwich. Everything tasted fresh. The coffee was really good. Service was slow for the place being so empty.This is one of my favorite restaurants. I go there around once a week and have for the past year or so. The food is consistently great. I've never been disappointed, not even once. The service is friendly and quick. The prices are very reasonable. They make the best grilled salmon and the Moroccan salmon salad is wonderful. It can get a little loud when it's busy, but even when they're super busy, seating is never a problem it seems. Very clean, too.Sat at the bar for drinks. I was treated like dirt. Service was horrible. Never going back.Went over to this local diner where we had been many times before for breakfast last week about 10 am.  We were happy and in a good mood for the holidays. Hostess rudely asks us "do we have a reservation?" and then tells us thirty to forty minute wait despite many empty tables.  Please!  Reservations in a diner? Forget the good mood after we met that woman.
We left. Won't be back. Would give you all the same advice. Many good places in center city no need to waste your time at this one.
If you are requiring reservations either say so or else make a first come first served policy, which in my experience (we live two blocks away) it had always been.Met a friend for Sunday brunch here and had a great meal. I enjoyed the crispy chicken and sesame salad while he enjoyed the burger. We were both very happy with how flavorful our food was. We also enjoyed the mimosas which I would highly recommend. They had a great variety of flavors of mimosas the day we were there-- he had the grapefruit mimosa while I had the mango mimosa. I will definitely go back there again and possibly try any of their sister restaurants in the future.I wanted to like this place so badly given the location off the rittenhouse park, but sadly the food did not cut it for a repeat visit. We ordered the appetizer sampler, which was an array of bland deep fried items including calamari, greasy cheese steak wontons, and unseasoned chicken tenders. I had the Buffalo Chicken sandwhich which tasted like garbage...not sure how the simplicity of Buffalo chicken can get muddled into this sad, unappetizing sandwhich served on a stale baguette to boot.What happened here?  I live a couple of blocks away and dine here at least once a week.  The service has been going downhill over the last year.  Do they even care anymore?  I was in for lunch on Thursday and sat at the bar.  I had to ask for a menu, ask to place my order and point out to them my food was sitting under the heat lamp before anyone brought it to me.  Mind you there were 3 employees standing right in front of it talking paying no attention.  Also, I find it tacky when their manager is taking phone orders and every time she hung up made comments about the individual she spoke with.A series of unusual events. I walked in and, instead of being greeted and asked how many people were in my party (it was just me), I had to look around to figure out who was supposed to be helping me. Once I engaged with someone, I still wasn't asked anything - I had to ask to see a menu. I asked if they could swap out pancakes for French toast in one meal - I was flat out told no. I told the waitress what I wanted to order and she put it in the computer in front of me, assuming that I was ordering takeout without asking me. Then I asked if I could be seated and finally was. The food came out quickly, but my drink was missing, so I had to ask for that again. I ordered over easy eggs...let's just say they were very easy. Shortly thereafter, a waitress tried to deliver food to me that wasn't mine. And, to top it off, multiple fruit flies landed on my pancakes, getting stuck in the syrup. Yum.... And finally, upon getting up, I noticed a bumble bee along the window next to me. Inside. Hope no one's allergic to bee stings! Definitely one of the most unusual restaurant experiences I've had in a while...I went for brunch today for the first time. I ordered a fresh squeezed OJ and pancakes. I got the OJ, took a giant gulp and realized that there were two lipstick marks on the other side of the glass (I don't wear makeup). Gross! I called the waitress over and she said "that's gross!," too then proceeded to get me another glass. Needless to say, my appetite quickly left me. I was disappointed when the waitress did not offer to comp the OJ or actually apologize. Never going back!This place is kind of like Così, only slightly better. The menu has a lot on it - perhaps too much. When I sat down to eat, it took me forever to decide what to eat because the menu is slightly confused. I like diversity on a menu, but here, it's definitely too much. 
The prices aren't bad. Again, it's like Così, only a little more. 
One of the best parts is that it's open relatively late. If you're looking for a relatively inexpensive bite to eat in the area, this is a fairly reliable option.Stopped in midday for a drink on a hot afternoon. The whole place was quiet and empty.  After all it was around 2ish on a Tuesday. The specials board was done up with chalk and looked very arty. The bar was clean and the bartender regaled me with stories on how she was on a reality TV show a few years ago. All in all, it was alright, I can't  attest to their food quality or service since I did not order anything, but for a quick stop to grab a couple beers, it worked out well.Woke up looking for pancakes and found only bakeries for pastries and donuts near the hotel. We walked a bit past Rittenhouse Square and found this place with "Pancakes and Bacon" displayed prominently on the menu.  We went inside and weren't disappointed.  Fast service, reasonable prices, and the pancakes were up to par.  There really is something for everyone based on the lunch menu I read.  A pleasant surprise in an area dominated by bakeries.I love to support farm to table efforts, so generally those get 4-5 stars from me. I see this becoming a not thrilling but good option when I want a less meat-guilt-inducing cheesesteak (grass fed!). Service was also excellent - the waitress immediately rectified a slightly errant order and was very pleasant.I grab salads and smoothies (to go) from Marathon for lunch every now and then. They're food and service is consistently good and they have an extensive menu. When I do decide to dine in, I always come to this location because it's in a beautiful area and way less crowded than the other locations (one on Market and one on Samson).
Their food is locally sourced and always tastes fresh. My go to for lunch is the Moroccan Salmon Salad, and for breakfast/brunch is the Banana Almond Whole Wheat pancakes. Their omelets are also good, but nothing special. The green monster and mocha espresso yogurt smoothies are absolutely delicious, although a little pricey.I liked eating here though I didn't actually enjoy my meal. The eggs Benedict's holladaise sauce was just not quite on the mark, the potatoes were equally eh. Coffee was tasty. We all shared an order of the chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes...which were...well...surprisingly, creepily satisfying...gluttony.
Seriously though, the eggs benedict looked great but tasted forgettable.Solid dining experience. Plenty of tables available at 10am on a Saturday. Brunch, I had a Marathon Burger while dining partner has Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough pancakes. Priced right, service was solid. Excited to come back for drinks and sit outside when the weather gets nice.They don't have breakfast everyday but the do have a very small menu during the week. So I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. The food came out in a decent manner and the sandwich was very tasty. The fries were a Home run, they were perfect. I would defiantly come back for lunch and the great view.The chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes are delicious!I don't usually eat at Marathon outside of breakfast/brunch (great blueberry pancakes BTW).  But in a pinch, on my way home from work, I got the Rittenhouse salad and butternut squash soup to take home for dinner one night.  O. M. G.  The soup was freakin amazing!  At one point, (and I'm ashamed to say this) I was calling on a daily basis asking if they had the squash soup.  Ridic.I've been to other Marathons at some point, and have experienced everything from good to awesome. My boyfriend and I were wandering around on Sunday and decided to pop into this particular one for brunch. We were immediately seated outside and moments later greeted by a friendly server who brought us coffee and took our order. Boyfriend ordered some fancy french toast. I ordered a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, homefries, and toast.
If you think it's impossible to mess up a basic breakfast, let me introduce you to Marathon on the Square. What came to me was a pile of firmly-cooked scrambled eggs in a puddle of grease, a couple of pieces of potato in a pool of grease, and a few pieces of soggy bacon in a pond of grease. If the sun were brightly shining, I'm pretty sure I would have been blinded by glare.
I'm not exactly a picky diner, and I can count on one hand how many times I've sent something back to the kitchen. I grew up in Jersey diners, so I've had my share of greasy breakfasts. This mess was just inedible.
Our server offered to bring me a new plate of food, but I just requested it be taken away and off the bill. He did both, though offered no apology - it wasn't his fault, but it would have been a nice touch. I will not be back to this Marathon.Great matzo ball soup and breakfast quesadillas -- what a fun and yummy alternative to a breakfast burrito. Also enjoyed the pumpkin pancakes. We sat at the bar on a Saturday around noon and had great service from the friendly bartender. VERY reasonably priced and just an all-around solid place!So the atmosphere was nice but my soup was like warm and my salad (salmon) was "meh". Service was far from good but not horrible. I wouldn't recommend or go back here when there are so many other options.I went here with my fiance, another couple and their 2 year old daughter this past Saturday for Brunch.  If I was judging on service, food and beverage, my experience would yield 4 stars.  I have been to Marathon's before and knew what we were getting into - they do quick business and have a nice, casual atmosphere.  An excellently crafted Manhatten warmed me up nicely on this frigid February afternoon.  
However, after we finished our meals - 3 burgers and 1 buffalo chicken sandwich, we noticed mold on the two year old's cheese quesadilla. We brought it to the attention of our server and he immediately took it back and removed the item from our check.  That was nice of him, but the damage was already done.  She had already eaten three quarters of the quesadilla.  I used to work in the restaurant industry and I feel like this is a serious issue/violation.  In my opinion, you need to make sure the food you are serving is safe.  Period.  
Also, young children have weaker immune systems in the winter and this could really adversely affect her.  An apology from the manager was warranted and we did not get that.  That's poor form.Really pleasantly surprised on my first visit to Marathon this evening. I was slightly apprehensive as I was taking guests; a lot of Yelp reviews focussed on brunch here, making me think it might be a slightly `diner-ish' place.
I needn't have worried. The evening ambience was one of a reasonably upmarket restaurant, though the mood lighting was perhaps a little ill-judged (difficult to read the menu!)
The menu had a pleasant number of moderately healthy-sounding dishes, and lots of lovely fish. I was impressed to hear the waiter ask my guests how they would like their salmon cooked: this question is de rigeur for meat, but most places don't seem to realise that the same spectrum of 'doneness' exists for a meaty fish like salmon.
Delighted to see the rare treat of swordfish on the menu, I ordered that. It was perfectly cooked, still juicy and succulent, served on a generous helping of orzo pasta and spinach. The portion size was spot-on too: filling, but not overwhelming.
Best of all was that our attractive, tasty plates of food all had modest price tags. The other upmarket establishments around the Rittenhouse Square can be outrageously expensive.
One small complaint would be that we were seated near the door, which let in a blast of cold air whenever someone entered or left. The restaurant wasn't full, so I don't know why we weren't given a better table. Still, it was not significant enough to seriously detract from the meal.
Service was attentive but not overbearing. Admittedly we went on a Sunday night, likely not their busiest time. 
All in all a good experience, and I will return.Good food.  Poor service.  We went on a weekend for brunch. They told us the wait would be only 15 minutes.  After 30 minutes of standing there in a packed room, I asked the hostess for another estimate.  She again told me 15 minutes wait!  I was a bit upset but we waited anyway.  The food was pretty good but not good enough to endure the frustration and annoyance of it all.  The service was also quite poor once we had sat down.  We had to ask for a glass of water three times before it finally arrived.  Will I give it another shot?  Not sure.The food is good here with a nice menu..just make sure you eat at restaurant and Do Not do take out
 They never can get the order correctThis is our go to neighborhood place for a close, convenient breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  I have never had a bad experience or a bad meal here, and I've been there more times than I remember.  My only complaint is they are extremely stingy with their ketchup.  They bring it in a tiny metal cup that is usually about a 1/3 full.  Just bring me the bottle please:). The prices are very reasonable for the neighborhood.  I recommend it.Marathon does free deliveries on grub hub now!!! 
Fast service.
Same old food...but if you're in a pinch for a burger/sandwich/salad it's nice.
The smoothies are great! Love the mixed berry with honey!I decided to treat myself to a nice meal and I'm so glad I chose Marathon on the Square.
The ambiance is great.  Non-pretentious chandeliers, mood lighting, and I was able to sit at the table by the window so I could people (and dog) watch.  Good start!
The elderflower collins was a fantastic drink, and I chose to ignore the price tag, because I was feeling fancy.  I had two ;) big spender, I know.  They were just so good.
I also ordered the vegetable capellini, which was full of asparagus, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and garlic.  It was a good amount of food and I was very happy with it.  A wanton chocolate chip made its way onto my plate, so that was quite strange, but the server and I had a laugh about it. 
Overall, a great experience, and I will certainly be back soon!I've lived in Rittenhouse the entirety of my Philly experience and Marathon is a staple. A HUGE plus - they have a dry Rose on the wine menu, very tough to find.
Too lazy to make dinner and I'm in need of quality take-out? Marathon...My parents are in town and someone is a picky eater? Marathon. It's a beautiful day and I'm in need for a post-mass bloody mary outside? Uh, you guessed it, Marathon. 
Their salads are fail-safe (add the chicken or salmon and you will not be disappointed) and when you're feeling less healthy, opt for the bolognese, the burger or the club sandwich with sweet potato (or regular) fries. Simply fresh and unpretentious food served by a friendly service staff in a comfortable setting fit for any occasion. A few of my favorite (Mar
Brunch: Smoked Salmon Scramble, loaded with salmon, capers, spinach, white onions and tomatoes. I get the fresh fruit (sub strawberries) or spinach on the side. Marathon's steamed spinach is amazing, truly, I hate spinach but it's so good here - trust me (unless you're not a fan of garlic).
Lunch: Baby Kale & Quinoa Salad: Add Moroccan Chicken - it's topped with tons of grilled veggies (asparagus, mushrooms, onions, zucchini, roasted tomatoes) and has a light lemon vinaigrette. Less healthy: Turkey Club with the basil aioli and sweet potato fries, so good.
Dinner: Blackened Chicken Quesadilla or add blackened chicken to the Marathon Caesar salad. Pasta Bolognese if you're craving a good quality pasta dish.Don't bring your family or kids here. The place was empty and they gave us a hard time about having our kids here. Stay away.I like that I can count on Marathon for a good salad and a plate o' hummus when that's exactly what I'm craving (which is fairly often). I'll be honest--I haven't strayed far from their salad menu, (aptly dubbed the control freak menu), which lets you pick the lettuce, toppings, and dressing you want. It's dependable and decent--not particularly interesting--but certainly a good place to go with a group, when you're trying to please many different palates. Do beware, that if you order bread just to munch on, or ask for extra pita with your hummus plate, you will be charged!I get take-out from here very frequently. I normally get the sandwiches, all of which are very reasonably priced and excellent.
My favorite sandwiches are the Sirloin Burger and BBQ Pork sandwich. They're admittedly very close to the stuff at Village Whiskey, and very good.
In short, the food is solid, the place looks good, but Philly has enough "Wow" places that Marathon on the Square gets 4 stars, not 5.Went with my family for brunch. Told us the wait was 15-20 minutes. After 25 minutes, we asked and were told it'd be another 45. When we asked the original staff member he acted like he didn't know what we were talking about. The owner apologized but said there was nothing he could do. Bottom line, abysmal customer service - this restaurant was way in over its head and too disorganized to be a reputable brunch spot.The salmon burger was a bit dry for my taste. The "Marathons" used to be my favorite restaurants in Philly, but they have fallen off considerably. The last time my bf and I went to this location, the place was completely empty except for us. I think it was 8:00 on a Friday or Saturday, so that was strange.
I prefer Marathon for breakfast/brunch. They get a little lazy with their lunch and dinner.Had a fantastic brunch here with three friends.  We showed up at 10am without a reservation, so seating was not a problem.  As a DC resident, I found the prices shockingly reasonable, especially the generous portions and delicious food.  I enjoyed the vegetable quiche, which was mainly cheese (mmm...cheese), so basically it was the best quiche ever (seriously, great texture, vegetables were well incorporated, just delicious). One friend got the burger, which came with some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  Overall, fantastic food for a reasonable price!Went here for breakfast after the gym today.  This location is super loud but I feel like marathon is a good little chain that I can appreciate.  They have their own marathon farm in brewery town which seems cool and anytime I've been here the staff has been excellent. 
Note the tofu scramble has butter unless you ask for it I be vegan 
I really appreciate all the vegan options at such a classically typical establishment.I love Marathon. The brunch is incredible and I haven't found a better salad for a casual lunch. Everything is always fresh and I can almost always be seated quickly. I also love that they have outdoor seating. Basically just an all-around solid restaurant.I used to love coming here! Was always a reliable meal in a really nice location. However I went this past weekend, and the food was such a let down. Two of us order the tofu scramble and the tofu definitely was scrambled. It was a soggy mess of squares of tofu w greedy vegetables. Our server also could not have been stranger. I feel like he was on something and was super unprofessional.Marathon is a no-nonsense, American style eatery.  They offer straightforward salads, sandwiches, burgers and entrees.  The wine and beer is list is varied enough to pair something appropriate with your order.  They have outdoor seating for when the weather is nice, and I bring my dog with me when I go.  This is a solid option for someone looking for an affordable meal on the Square.What drew me to Marathon was the fact you can control how healthy your meals are. Your burger options range from lean salmon to fatty beef. Likewise you can choose to have your burger with salad or fries. 
I ended up trying the turkey burger with a side of Caesar salad. Flavor wise, the burger  was well balanced with turkey, apples, gouda, and dijon mustard. Although the  menu said the patty would be topped with bacon I was not fortunate enough to receive any. The accompanying Caesar salad was poorly dressed and therefore bland. 
Keeping with my healthy theme, I washed my salad down with a green smoothie. The smoothie was almost dessert like in that you couldn't tell there was any spinach in it due to the frozen yogurt base. I personally prefer having a slightly raw taste in my green drinks; however, I appreciated this approachable take on a healthy item. 
All in all, I enjoyed my meal at Marathon. Although my burger was missing bacon and my Caesar salad was bland, I still left satisfied. I will definitely return.I give this place 3 stars, at best. It has a great location, but that is by far the best part. The food is decent, I'd recommend breakfast or the lunch and dinner specials. Prices are reasonable for the portions and quality considering the area. My continued gripe for the 4 years I've lived here is the service. So bad. Sometimes rude. I almost think they try to hire less experienced servers. They don't refill water, they don't own up to their mistakes, and the hostesses always seat me and my guest in the most annoying small area, even when it's not full. The front could use a lesson in customer service.Somehow this has recently become my go-to weeknight wine and calamari bar.  It's more than a typical sports bar in the fact you feel a bit more elegant, yet perfect to grab a good meal and wine and watch the game.  Service is great and you'll tend to notice there is your local crowd stopping in for some warmth and a good dinner on their trudge home from a long day's work.Overall a very pleasant experience.
We went for brunch and I got the ham and pepper omelette which was cheesy, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. My fiance got the marathon breakfast with the banana pancakes. The pancakes had a little crisp to them which we found very nice.
The service was good, the coffee was fresh, and the price was great. Great option for brunch. I look forward to trying lunch and dinner.
Edit 04/07/14 - I am giving this place an extra star. I've been here several times now for lunch and dinner and its always great. I highly recommend the Moroccan meatballs, meatloaf, turkey burger, and chicken pot pie.We just had salads here and they were pretty average in our opinion (nothing exciting).
The wine list was extremely good and we had an excellent Sauvignon Blanc for a good price.
Looks more of a breakfast place though... they seemed to have some good/organic smoothies as well as other interesting brekky options, so may be worth a try for breakfast instead...I had a great meal & great service! Two things that are a must in any restaurant. I ordered the grilled salmon which was excellent! The sides were just as good, mashed potatoes & asparagus. I don't live in the area, but would go back anytime I am here in philly.This particular Marathon (haven't been to the one on Sansom) serves up consistently good and reliable food. It's one of those places where you always know what you're going to get, but still delicious. Pretty much everything on the menu is a good pick. I think this place stays busy because of the consistency.We come here frequently for brunch - the food is usually decent and consistent - and there is normally little to no wait. The service has always been wishy washy, but today it was particularly horrific.
We were seated and ordered our drinks and food. We never get our drinks. The food comes out. Our order is wrong. The busser takes the wrong food back. I also mention we still don't have our drinks. We get the food again, still no drinks, he says he's working on it. About halfway through our meal our waitress brings over my boyfriends coffee and a hot tea for me (it's wrong, I'd asked for iced tea) - totally unapologetic that we aren't receiving our drinks until halfway through our meal. Awhile later I finally get my iced tea, again, no apology. 
We go to eat our pancakes - we weren't given syrup. We wait to catch our waitress or anyone for 5 minutes to no avail. Finally I walk to the bar and just ask there.
Overall just a terrible experience and the food was the worst it's ever been to boot. 
I still tipped 20% because that's just how I am - I can only hope some went to the busser because he is the only one who even remotely tried to help us. Meh. I wouldn't have even care if the woman had just leveled with me and said listen we're swamped and I'm sorry, but she was acting as if this was totally normal.
Just be prepared to roll the dice on your experience hereThis has become a hung-over Sunday tradition for us.  Despite being busy, we're always seated quickly, the staff is always friendly and the waiters attentive.  The staff also seem to know the menu well and can recommend food based on what you're craving.
The spinach smoothie is actually really good, try it.
Pancakes are a little on the dense side, but that's an observation, not a complaint.
Omelettes are quite large and paired with the potatoes and bread, make a pretty big meal.
The waffle has a great flavor to it, but it's a little too dense for my taste.
Sandwiches are a great size with a very good combination of sauces and quality ingredients.  It really tastes like they're prepping it all themselves from scratch in the back and not buying presliced meats like so many other places.
Mixed drinks are well made, although if you're just here for mimosa's and bloody mary's, there's plenty of better places to go.
Hint: you can double park on the right side outfront on Sundays since this is where the church crowd gets permission to park.I've been here for brunch and dinner and you can never go wrong! No matter what you get, you have to get the Elijah's Mac and cheese for an appetizer to split! It is the bombdotcom! Also the waiters and waitresses are always honest with their recommendations and hardly ever wrong with their special's suggestions. Even though the place is nice, it's not pricey at all. I've had eggs Benedict, jambalaya, pork sirloin, and chocolate molten bundt cake at various times, and all were fantastic.This is the place to go if you want good, cheap food and friendly, attentive service. It also has a wide ranging menu so is good for large groups. It's not the best restaurant in town, no, but it perfectly serves a particular need.Mind you, this is for the take-out portion of Marathon on the Square. Haven't quite had the opportunity to dine in yet!
On my walk home, I had a sudden craving for a juicy burger and then before my eyes, Marathon came into my view! I settled for the Marathon burger because it sounded amazing: 8 oz house blend burger with Vermont cheddar, bacon, caramelized onions. Are you salivating yet?! I ordered my burger medium because I like my burgers pink in the middle. Unfortunately, it was more on the rare side. And the burger itself was a little disappointing. Again, it could have been the fact that I ordered take-out, but the flavors that were so eye-catching on the menu were indistinguishable in person. 
The staff and the ambiance were lovely, so I'll definitely have to try again. Until then, this is my standing review.Marathon on the Square is okay.  Just okay.  Dining is casual and food is predictable.  It is inexpensive and I think you can safely expect the meal to be what you pay for.  The service, though, is generally on the weak side, even at times when the dining room does not appear to be too busy.  Waiting for seemingly uncomplicated things like drink refills or the check can take a curiously longer amount of time than anticipated.  
It's a safe, inexpensive restaurant, but I would not recommend it if prompt service is required for your dining experience.I remember going to Marathon On The Square many years ago when it first opened but I forgot how AMAZING the food was until my recent visit!!! The food is not only amazeballs and the portions are very large, they run the restaurant like a master clocksmith keeps Big Ben on time!!! I really love this restaurant! The staff seems to be constantly in motion with no time to stand around and do nothing. For the past couple of weeks I have found myself sitting at the bar/counter to avoid the packed restaurant during brunch hours getting to know the many customers who frequent the restaurant. The prices generally run $10.00 to $11.50 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the large portions! If you decide to do brunch, you have got to order the "Banana Bread French Toast" which is more like a desert than a breakfast! It's my new favorite!!! If you decide to pull up to the bar..... Ask for Jason and tell him Christian sent you!!!!Decent place for breakfast/brunch.  Have been here a few times and the food was always good.  Went this past weekend and still agree.  
Had 2 eggs over medium, cooked perfectly.  Potatoes were good, although some were still a little hard.  Also ordered a side of banana pancakes and they were almost inedible unfortunately.  They were so thick and dense that I though I was eating bread.  Plus it looked like they were only cooked on one side...and that one side was burnt.  The more burnt pancake was discreetly hidden on the bottom.  The other side of both pancakes was still semi-raw.  Sad! 
Good strong coffee though, and friendly service.DOG FRIENDLY! We came here to sit outdoors because my friend had her dog with her. The host was very accommodating and we were seated right away on a Sunday at 12:30 without a reservation. The menu had a lot of different options, including some specials which made it tough to decide what I wanted! I ended up getting the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich which came with homefries. It was a pretty standard sandwich. Others in my party got the turkey burger and veggie burger which both looked fantastic, and paired with fresh salads. You can't beat the location and prices either.Exceptional service; exceptional food!  Thank you for another wonderful lunch and a great experience.Good brunch selection, nice bloody mary, generally agreeable staff.  Be prepared for a wait on weekends.We're not sure what happened to this restaurant, but we were there today and had to leave. In the past we've had a good experience here, but what is it? Management? Or mismanagement? An empty restaurant, 15 minutes later, we didn't even have water, I guess the manager and staff were taking a break.Marathon almost always hits the spot for me, for any meal, whether I am hanging out with locals or out-of-towners.  They are very veggie friendly and their servers are routinely perceptive, patient, and sweet.  
Unfortunately, their hours can be inconsistent, possible based on who is watching? Also, oddly, they don't serve Yuengling.My husband and I made a long weekend trip to Philly during the first full weekend of September.  We dined at many restaurants during our stay, most of which were recommended by friends who live in the area, and also by google/yelp research.  We were recommended to eat at a place called Tria, so we actually dined there a couple of hours before we went to Marathon.  We wanted to walk around and get a drink/find a new place and boy did we luck out!  After easily finding a nice spot at the bar, we ordered a drink and the husband ordered a sundae for dessert.  As we looked over the menu, we quickly regretted not eating at Marathon for dinner!  The food looked and smelled amazing and our bartender, Cait, was probably the loveliest, funniest, nicest person we had encountered in Philly thus far.  
She made our two drinks wonderfully, strong, fresh and flavorful.  We chatted about many things and stayed until well after the sun had set.  Since we had already eaten, I decided I wanted a side (or two) of sauteed spinach, which was cooked perfectly.  
We would have liked to eat more, but it being our last night in the city, we had run out of time.  When we visit Philadelphia again, this will most definitely be our first stop for food.  
I am shocked that this was not one of the places that the friend had suggested, but it was one of our favorite places of the trip.Marathon is a Community Mainstay for Affordable, Healthy Comfort Food.  Over the years, Marathon on the Square has soundly provided healthy, creative, affordable comfort food to me, my family, friends and other loved ones.  Marathon on the Square is a mainstay in my community because of its extensive hours of operation, healthy menu options that accommodate various dietary needs and wishes, and respectful service.   And yes-Marathon caters and delivers.  Big thumbs up to Marathon.Hostess Has a Responsibility
I was in Philadelphia for just a few days and came upon this gem. The menu has lots of healthy diverse options at reasonable prices.  Wine selection good and also at moderate prices. Location just on the edge of the park at Rittenhouse Square.  So what's with the title?  It's a drag to be seated and not get waited on!  I don't believe it intentional but rather I was at the "unclaimed" server table but duh, the hostess is too busy chit-chatting to realize that the person she seated 20 minutes ago hasn't received a glass of water and duh, the person she sat after her is sipping a glass of wine.  I watched this unfold and finally flagged down the woman who was hostess - there was actually a change in command in the window that I had arrived.  Other than that the server was great and I ate there two evenings in a row.This place is an all around solid and great restaurant. Great location, nice ambiance, modern decor, good vibe, outdoor seating. The food is delicious and consistent and very fairly priced. The cocktails are some of the best in town although they are a little on the small side. My wife loves the "adult milkshakes."
Tonight, I had the chicken noodle soup which was obviously homemade but nothing too special and the chicken quesadillas which were really good. My wife LOVED her Moroccan Salmon Salad! The salmon was perfectly cooked and had a delicious cinnamon rub. She switched out the greens for kale and was very pleased. 
I've had burgers here before as well as some of their specials and was always satisfied.  
Definitely recommend this place for solid, delicious, fairly priced (if a little unimagined) food.