What started off as a search for drunk food ended thankfully at this amazing location. In addition the staff was extremely friendly!
I had a Keema roll, a Masala roll, and a mango lassi. The keema roll had a little less spice than the masala roll, but both were equally delicious. Whereas the mango lassi was a refreshing beverage to have in between flavorful bites.
I will definitely be back.Delicious food, perfect for a quick bite (and late night munchies)! Masala Kitchen serves a variety of kati rolls for around $5 each, as well as some rice platter choices. Love, love the flavors of the kati rolls - it's kinda like a wrap so it's portable (although I did make a mess eating it, I think it's just me) with delicious fillings inside, ranging from vegetarian options to chicken to lamb. One kati roll is good for a lunch (although might wanna get more if you're starving)! Service is really friendly and food came out pretty quickly. The store has plenty of seating for a quick bite. I also ordered the mango lassi - it came in a small plastic bottle and was really creamy! It was very thick though - I think I prefer it to be a tad less so, but that's just my personal preference.Loved the food here. The staff is friendly, small and cozy place. The katti rolls and platters are a class apart. If your in Philadelphia you have to eat here!We had just gotten into Philadelphia and made our way to our Airbnb. After checking in we dropped our bags and ran out the door because we were so hungry. Across the street was this place and we bolted for it not knowing what we were getting into. After ordering two items we bolted back across the street to our Airbnb. Bed, Netflix, forks ready, opened up the food and ate. and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD.Very good food . I ordered their chicken and lamb over rice. Asked it to keep it spicy . They made it exactly the way I wanted. This is a good place in the heat of Philadelphia. Best thing is it's very quick. Didn't have to wait a lot of time.Delicious food, large portions, good price, and fast service. 
This is a great place for take out or a quick and casual lunch.
I definitely enjoyed the rose lassi, and would go back for another one if I weren't out of state!Stopped in today to pick up lunch and
really enjoyed the food there. I had the Paneer Masala Kati roll and the vegetable Biryani. The Paneer Masala roll was very tasty and they did not skimp on the paneer! The vegetable Biryani was delicious and had just enough spice to it.
They give you a nice serving of the Biryani for the price and I'll be saving more than half for another meal. 
They offer up two sauces to accompany your dishes. One is a white sauce that I thought was going to be similar to Raita but turns out it was very mayo based. I really would have rather had Raita but it's free so I don't want to complain too much about it. It would definitely help cool down some of the spice. 
Also, I was a little disappointed to find that they served me pita bread instead of naan. It was good fluffy pita bread but I'd much rather have naan with their food. 
I will definitely go back as it's super close to my office and very tasty. It's nice having a quick take out place to go when I have a craving Indian food. Also, the staff were friendly and pleasant so go check it out.This place is great! Rose lassi!?! Genius! 
The important thing is to consider this place to be a fast food type restaurant. Either grab n go or sit down and gobble up your meal - which is essentially how Kati rolls are supposed to be served. To some of the other reviews- yes they have a variety of options like biryani - but the place is for KATI ROLLS. its in the title. Biryani is not a super easy dish to make in a small fast food kitchen. Takes time and care. Don't expect it to be like a restaurant and demand that level of customer service. The people there are always pleasant when I come in - but I usually know exactly what I want. I have to say their paneer rolls are waaay better than their meat rolls. One time they forgot to give me the discount and reimbursed me while I was eating, even though I had not noticed. Very nice of them. If you're going for the first time definitely get the paneer Masala - I am willing to say that it might be their BEST roll and what I always pick up. All their other paneer rolls are great. Go for it even if you're not a vegetarian (avoid it if you're lactose intolerant). 
Also - if it's your first time, do yourself a f(L)avor   (Get it!?!) and get the rose lassi. You will not be disappointed.TLDR: perfect for the late night munchies, can't go wrong with the mk special, and skip the drinks (unless it's the mint lemonade)
I love Masala! There's nothing like a Kati roll or chicken platter after a night out, cause this place is open til 3am!! The service is very friendly and consistent. Never had a bad interaction in the 10+ times I've been there. 
Tips: if you go past 11pm on a weekend, chances are it will be packed with very hungry, very drunk customers. Also they have various student discounts so just ask! The red sauce is spicy, but definitely more manageable than halal guys. They're super generous with the sauces, and I've definitely taken more than a couple of those red and white sauces to put on my other dishes. 
The only downsides I can think of are 1) even though the platters are based off those halal platters from NYC, I'm not sure if they are actually halal 2) the whole menu is kinda pricey, especially since the Kati rolls are on the small side and 3) their drinks are hit or miss - the blackberry one tasted like cough syrup, but the mint lemonade one was amazingAwesome paneer kathi rolls, biryani and chaas...staff was friendly and service was quick. Loved our first visit and will definitely go again.Wife and I visited Philly from NYC.  Found MK to have really flavorful, delicious, authentic Indian food conveniently wrapped to have there or on the go.  Platters were delish too.  Also, found it reasonably priced, especially considering healthy, fresh ingredients.  Service was good too.  Ate there 3 times during a week stay. Highly recommend.I was just saying the other day: why is there no Indian fast food? Turns out there is, just not where I was looking. Great taste, incredibly fast. If this were located near my home or workplace, I'd eat here at least weekly. Super friendly staff too.I noticed right away how clean this place was!! We had the most flavoral wraps full of Indian food that I love. Open till 3:30AM too, which is awesome.Great late-night stop. Flavors are great. i got the Masala Chicken roll. Staff is very nice and attentive. Restroom and environment is clean.Came here with my boyfriend for a bite to eat before a show at the Academy. I've had Indian food plenty of times, but never Kati rolls. Very happy we tried this place! It was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Food was awesome. I got a chicken tikka roll and a paneer masala roll. Both were fantastic. Packed with tons of flavor and very filling. I probably could have just had one and been satisfied. The guy behind the counter recommended we try the sauces they had available, and explained what they were (a yogurt based sauce similar to raita, and a very spicy Indian hot sauce). I like when food proprietors are excited about and proud of the food they serve, and this guy clearly was. At his recommendation, I mixed some of the hot sauce into the raita and put it on the tikka roll - it was awesome. If you like spicy, definitely give the hot sauce a try. The paneer was excellent, very moist and nice, big chunks. My only regrets are that I didn't add egg to the roll and that I don't live closer to center city! If you live in the area or find yourself down that way, definitely give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!A little on the expensive side but so worth it! I come here for lunch and they are friendly, quick and use quality ingredients. I wish there were more places like them! Also they are open super late for night owls like myself :)Good, hot, flavorful food that's budget friendly and made to order.   Had the chicken masala roll after late night out and was the only thing open in the area, but did not disappoint at all and well worth the visit anytime of the day.    They were really busy and good made to order so there is small wait.   Friendly service!If you are hungry after a late night with friends this is probably your spot.  If you are one of those staunch supporters of what I believe their rival is which is Spice End go try Masala Kitchen for yourself and compare! The dishes have more flavor and will definitely hit the spot after a night out in the town. Just dont expect fine dining here.  It is what it is. Kati rolls and their MK chixken and rice are go to dishes.The food was pretty good!
We ordered through UberEats and it was a quick delivery! We ordered a lamb and chicken platter and a paneer tikka roll. The portions were generous and filling! 
I ate the paneer tikka roll. Onions and chutney are also included in the roll (and you can opt for other veggies to be added into the make up) and it's a savory mixture when paired with the well seasoned paneer. The restaurant provides a few packets of their hot sauce in case you want to amp up the spice factor! 
Enjoyed the food and the service. Will return for a dine in experience!Amazing Kati rolls... !! 
We tried the Achari paneer, paneer masala and paneer tikka along with Mango lassi. The best of the lot was Achari paneer..
Quick service and courteous staff..I got the chicken and lamb platter. Great meal, very filling and most likely leftovers!
With this place you know exactly what you're getting. I can't really handle spicy, so I got the mild because the medium was a bit too spicy for me last time. 
Excellent and quick service with very friendly staff!Great fast food place. Nice ambience. I had a chance to eat panneer roll and potato roll. It was simple and easy food.This is one the best Indian food I have had. You can pretty much go with anything and chances are that you will like it.   
I live in California, and by default I get to try different cuisine and lots of restaurants, including Indian. I have travelled to so many cities within the US, but nothing came close to this restaurant (Indian cuisine wise). 
I would consider this as Indian fusion, but a fusion worth trying.Had my first try at Masala Kitchen for lunch yesterday and was blown away. I was a bit skeptical as I've always had my favorites in Philadelphia and the thought of fast food indian just didnt sit too well But OMG their chicken masala roll is AMAZING!!!!!!! It is ridiculously good! 
I want one now. I want one daily! I wan't one every meal if possible! 
I love that it is so cheap and I love that they are opened late! All kinds of love! Will be returning to try their recommended Chicken Kheema next. Can not wait!Really like the concept of simple and fast Indian food in a to go wrap (the way I had it) or a platter.  Unfortunately, the roti wrap was on the smaller side and did not hold up well to the fillings (I had Chicken Masala), and there was not very much in the fillings, and the filling did not have much of the sauce, which is one of the best parts of Indian food.   Hopefully they will refine and improve the execution of the concept, as it is a really good concept that just needs improvement in how it is delivered.Very reasonably priced and tasty food - I'm glad I stumbled upon this place!
Masala Kitchen offers two types of dishes - Kati rolls and platters.
Anatomy of a Kati roll: Some form of protein/paneer/vegetable paired with crispy onions, wrapped in a layer of egg (if you choose for 50 cents) and a thin roti (made fresh!). I tried the chicken masala roll, and while it was not quite as photogenic as some of the Yelp pics suggest, it was still tasty! The makhani sauce was rich and creamy, and the onions were quite sweet. For $5.50, I found it to be a bargain, and filling enough if you aren't too starved.
The platters are basically a variation of chicken over rice - I tried the MK' special, which had a lot of flavor, was really spicy (even without adding hot sauce!), and again, very filling. They also give you a TON, good enough for two meals, so again well worth the price. Overall, I'd say it matches the quality of some of the better chicken-n-rice joints in NYC.
Other tips:
-Open late (until 3:30 AM) on fridays and saturdays
-they have self-serve hot sauce and white sauce dispensers if you need any more.Tried the chicken and rice platter, Achari Chicken Roll, and Aloo Paneer Roll. The rolls were good but Chicken and Rice Platter was incredible. Will definitely be back. Also tried Kala Khatta drink, which was mediocre. A lot sweeter than expected.Food here was fine.  That's about all I can say.  Prices are reasonable and you get good portion sizes for the platters, but taste didn't really stand out to me.  I didn't try the paneer masala roll, however, so maybe I'll need to revisit.Probably the best lunch time Indian food in Center City. Just found out about this place and will definitely be back. Got the lamb roll and chicken tikka roll. Both were very good. Lots of flavor. The hot sauce on the side also added flavor. Prices reasonable and comparable to other places nearby.I thought it was a bit pricey for the amount given (comparing to food trucks) but it's a solid late night option. I ordered the chicken keema, chicken tikka, and paneer tikka rolls. They were all quite dry in comparison to the masala roll.This has been such a pleasant surprise here in Philly. Discovered it with a couple of friends and have been a regular ever since. The flavors and price can't be beat. Quick and efficient service. 5 stars from me.Ordered the Chicken Tikka roll here as an amuse bouche for the tasting menu at Indeblue. 
The roll is soft and fluffy naan. It is filled primarily with chicken and Indian tikka spices. The spices were excellent. They were salty, complex, and just a touch of spicy.
The chicken was cooked just a bit too far. I'd say they do the standard 165 chicken. This leaves it slightly dry, chalky, and resilient to the bite. 
I enjoyed this roll. The chicken was slightly over-executed.Came here twice in one day! Tried the paneer masala, aloo paneer, and the chicken tikka roll and I have to say the paneer masala roll was the obvious winner. Also, the white sauce takes the food to the next level. It's somewhat similar to the white sauce served with chicken and rice ( mayo base).
If you have been to Kati Roll in NYC, you will know that this place is basically the same idea but with a few more options ( platters with rice). I just recently moved to Philly from close to NYC and I'm ecstatic I found a Kati Roll place here as well :)First time in Philly, just a random trip, and came across this little hidden gem. Nothing fancy, but cute, quaint, and delicious. Hubby ordered the Unda roll, paneer tikka and mix veggie roll. I ordered aloo roll. All the rolls came warm and oh so tasty! We were stuffed. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Oh and mango lassi is a must try, tasty and comes in a convenient bottle which we carried as we walked the rest of the city.lovin' it so far!
it's fantastic that this is accessible on a late night and usually on my way home!  although, it's couple dollars more than your food truck meal.  the food here is fresh and clean! one platter portion can easily feed me for 2 meals! 
i also shared the take outs with my bf and he had no idea that it wasn't the halal guys! MK has got it going! it would be great if they offer falafel too!
PS. don't forget the 10% off coupon with your check in!Stumbled upon the place while heading home from a night of cocktails... OMG... so good! Affordable, open late and so flavourfully yummy! will def be back!I am beyond impressed by the quality, flavor and variety of foods available. If I didn't have to eat more healthy then well I'd probably be eating here! The chaas is amazing btw and so is their Chicken Tikka Kati Roll.I've only tried one item - the tikka masala roll - and it was very underwhelming. The chicken tasted dry and there was barely any sauce. Also, not much flavor...which is strange for an Indian dish. No motivation to come back.My new favorite place for lunch!  The girl behind the counter was so helpful.  I asked for her recommendation and I am so glad I agreed!  I had the Keeme and the Masala rolls with the sauce she told me put on and omg I LOVE THEM!!!!  Both of them. I will be back. So yummy!!!Had two of the masala paneer rolls, mango laasi, and rice and honestly really enjoyed the meals.  The paneer rolls were very flavorful and the mango laasi was so yummy and thick. However my complaint was that this place is pretty expensive! We just ordered two rolls (which shouldn't be more than $2-3 because they are on the smaller side) but they were over $5 each!! Our total including delivery was more than $25 which is definitely too much for the little quantity we got.Edit: much more savory. Amazing service and food. Remind all my friends to go here especially at 1am!
The quality of service is superior to Halal Guys; however, it is not as savory when it comes to the rice. The chicken is good but not great. If the seasoning is strengthened, this place will definitely have my 5 star approval. The bread is also not as crunchy, at least when comparing takeout between the two competitors.The best paneer I've ever had! I got an Aloo Paneer Roll and Masala Chai and my friend got Chicken Masala Roll and Rose Lassi. We both loved our meals. Can't believe I've never been here before! Total find.I had the lamb Kati roll, extra spicy, and the rose lassi. It was pretty good! The naan was soft and warm, the lamb mixture was flavorful. Some of the spices were not fully ground up, resulting in the occasional bite of whole cardamom. Apart from that, the prices are good and the service is fast. Ordering ahead online is a huge plus. I can see this being a great late night spot also.Delicious food and great service. So happy to have another great casual lunch and dinner option in midtown village.Superb little eatery in philly downtown area for indian street food lovers..  tasty and fresh made.
Left me satisfiedI ordered two chicken masalas and they didn't really blow me away, I was left hungry. Sure, it was good but I guess I may just be spoiled with home cooked indian foodGreasy ,low quality ,small portion unhealthy food, I'm wondering who gives this food 4,5 star !!! 
I rather eat at McDonalds, at least it tastes good !Masala kitchen is perfect ! If I can't decide what to eat or where to eat; I know I can't go wrong with Masala Kitchen. 
For their vegetarian options: paneer masala and aloo paneer are the best ! I would recommend getting the "masala" version of the rolls, because that includes their home-made tomato curry sauce which is delicious !!! 
For 1 person; two rolls or 1 platter is usually pretty filling, which puts you at around $10 - $12 per person - which for philly is not bad at all. 
The staff is good, professional and quick. 
Wish they'd start delivering to university city again, their drinks weren't so expensive, and they had a yogurt sauce (in addition to the white sauce they have). 
I am definitely returning multiple times!Awesome place to try out chicken and rice. Open late and very friendly staff. Chicken Rice hits the spot and biryanis are real good as well.I can attest to the fact that the food here is fairly authentic down to the last detail. I have gone back twice now and have tried pretty much everything on the menu. I particularly love their rose lassi.Great quick affordable lunch. Just wish it was slightly closer to my work.  The chicken and paneer masala rolls are delicious!I've been here a bunch, always late night, and haven't been disappointed.  Then again, it's hard to get disappointed when there's greasy, filling, tasty food in front of me, whether it's a kati roll or a pizza.
Their paneer rolls are solid...the paneer tends to be a bit dry in everyone except for the achari paneer roll, mainly due to the achar (pickles & sauce).  I think they can probably afford to fry the paneer a bit longer to give it a more crispy taste than a mushy dry taste, but for late night, it's still great (as I can eat paneer all day every day).
My friends have mentioned their chicken & rice and biryani's are decent, as well.  I'll try their paneer platter one of these days, but usually just stick to a kati roll (or two) when I'm there.  Their mango lassi is super tasty and definitely get that to wash down the kati rolls, as they can be spicy if you're not used to it.
Overall, a decent late night spot...but the quality would have to prove slightly in order for me to make it a destination for lunch and/or light dinners.Great spicy foods.
Friendly and nice smile customer service.
Love it!!Loved the paneer masala roll. It tastes like butter paneer! Chicken masala and paneer achari were just okay. Good thing is that they do home delivery - I live close to the Franklin institute.Underwhelming... I was expecting a lot from this place. The idea is great, it was just lacking flavor. I had the chicken tikka and paneer roll and both were disappointing. Generally Indian food has deep rich flavor and I didn't get that here.hey this is a nice place for Indian cuisine the chicken biryani taste very good and it's sufficient for two people along with Biryani they also serve chapati and lettuce salad all comes in just $10 if you want you can also try rules as well as Indian drinks.I might be going to far but this may be the Indian version of Chipotle.  The food is amazing the pictures in the restaurant really don't do the food justice.  I had the MK special and it was absolutely out of sight everything from the sauces down to the quality of the lettuce and chicken was absolutely amazing.So good!! The chicken masala Kati roll makes for the perfect snack complimented with a mint lemonade. Very flavorful and mixed with the white sauce gives it the perfect kick.Very good for what it is! It's a quick snack place - nice decor, friendly service, and tasty. I tried the Masala Roll and the Chicken Tikka Roll; the Masala one was a bit better in my opinion because it had the tomato sauce, so sort of tasted like Chicken Tikka Masala in an Indian bread. The platters looked really big (did not order.)Amazing chicken biryani, huge portion, great price. Definitely best street Indian food in center city.This is by far the best roll place in America. OMG! We ordered a chicken masala, paneer tikka and aloo paneer roll. All of them were so delicious, I was reminded of my favorite place back home in India. The guys are courteous, place is vibrant and clean. We ordered a chicken tikka and achari paneer to go too. The cashier girl was so happy knowing that we came all the way from NYC, that she gave us a chicken kheema roll complimentary. A must stop for anyone visiting philly. Prices are reasonable too. Give it a shot guys and I bet you will be delighted. I am gonna come back soon.Delicious food, awesome crew! Absolutely loved it!! Their Kati rolls are out of this world. Portions are well thought of; you can have one Kati roll as a snack or quick bite or multiples as a meal. Looks like this joint is going to get frequent visits from us!Wannabe "Halal Guys" or the new King of the foil platter?
Let's be real, everyone wants to be "the Halal Guys." That cart in Manhattan has expanded to multiple franchises around the world and it now seems people want to copy their formula (look at Chicken and Rice Guys in Boston or Ali Baba in New Haven). So, how does Masala Kitchen stack up?
Against Halal Guys, its not really close. But it depends on what you compare. Masala Kitchen's "special" platter was special for all the right and wrong reasons. Imagine a spicier "Halal Guys" chicken on top of a bed of rice and that's essentially what the chef's special at Masala Kitchen was. On top of that, quite literally, the sauce was completely underwhelming. I kept squeezing the bottle into our platter and never found myself satisfied. Their white sauce doesn't pair well with the "chef's special" and it certainly isn't the heavenly combo at Halal Guys. Underneath all that unfulfilled potential is the soggy, overcooked rice. The texture of the rice was just way off and too overcooked. How do you mess up basmati rice? If they fix the rice and spruce up that sauce a little bit their platters will definitely be a worthy competitor, but for now, I can't recommend them.
On the other hand, I can definitely recommend their kati rolls. Both the chicken tikka masala and tikka boti (beef) kati rolls were definitely solid. They make their parathas ("pita rolls") fresh, on-the-spot and it certainly makes the kati roll experience that much more enjoyable. The crisp but chewy texture of the rolls wrapping the excellently seasoned meat is hard to beat. Squirt some fragrant mint-cilantro chutney inside and its easily one of the best Kati rolls I've had. With that said, I won't hesitate to go back for some Kati rolls.
Kati rolls? Do your thing MK. Chicken platters? Try again.The veggie biryani was not just biryani. The veggies were soggy, ratio of rice to veggie was too less, tasted bad -totally disappointed. Dont think I'll ever go back.No. Don't go here if you want a decent Indian meal that has good flavor. Both times I went, the rice platters were always dry and I find myself drenching it in white sauce to give it taste. I've also gotten the paneer tikka roll which you would assume is oozing in tikka sauce or something but not at all- just dry chunks of paneer wrapped in a chapati roll that I had to drench in white sauce to give it flavor. I don't understand what the hype is- if you want real Indian food go someplace else. Also, poor customer service- cashier just ignored us when we tried to ask a question about drinks so we just grabbed drinks and sat down. Ugh- not planning on coming back..Delicious food.... Definitely gonna visit again next Friday night.... I recommend Chicken Kati roll and chicken biryani....We went to this restaurant after doing the walking tour of the city to enjoy the food. 
The food was not good at all . We order aachari panner , paneer tikka rolls . There was no difference in both of them .Great little spot-it's fast, has yummy mango lassi and the kati rolls are delicious..highly recommend it and I'm Indian, so that accounts for something!Awesome! My first review.  I passed here yesterday and it smelled good, but I ate next door and all I could do was think about it.  I ate here the next day and it did not disappoint! I had the chicken masala and chicken kheema roll. Both had great flavor...but my favorite was the chicken kheema and the mint lemonade was delish! Would definitely recommend and will come back next time I'm in Philly! They should franchise...it was so good.I got chicken n lamb platter and mango lassi take out. Staff was very nice and clean ambiance was definitely plus. Also location is very convenient. I only had this menu at halal guys in nyc so I can't really judge about food. One thing I noticed was it was less saltier. Not sure if it is good thing but for me it was ok. White sauce was more like mayo to me. But they have sauce counter on the side so you can take as much as you want to. Lassi was delicious but container was tiny.. Seems like everyone likes their rolls so I should try next time. Since it is clean and so close to me I will probably going back there.Love this place! I'm here at least once a week. The paneer is fantastic. Not at the traditional spicy level, but plenty of flavor and value. The folks there are always really nice too. Good quiet spot to have conversation if you choose to dine in.This is a wonderful place to grab quick & tasty Indian food! I loved the Chicken & Lamb platter, the combination of white and hot sauce was awesome and the meat was really well-balanced in spice and flavor. I love how this place caters to a late-night crowd on the weekends, as my roommate thought the kati rolls were incredible and what a killer late-night food that must be, am I right or am I right? Seriously you should check this place out for some savory Indian bites.Delicious, quick, and affordable! We had the Chicken Kheema Roll and Paneer Masala Roll. Both were filling and worth the money. Friendly staff and great service.Excellent food!! Amazing vegetarian options. We kind of tried one of each in our large group. Everyone was happy with their order!! Spice level can be adjusted. Tastes fresh and authentic!! Highly recommended.Masala Kitchen is so good! MKs Special Platter and the Paneer Platter are my favorites!I was wandering around the area after work looking for some places to eat. After 5 minutes of wandering I realized it was Easter and that is why nothing was open. I have never been a fan of kati rolls in general since trying them for the 1st time in NYC years ago, but decided to give it a chance since it was pretty much the only thing open.  
Place- Can easily walk to it if in the city. Pretty spacious. A lot of seating to accommodate for busy lunches and after drinking adventures. I decided to take my food home instead of sit around and eat it.   
Staff/Service- The guy at the cash register was great. Very pleasant and helpful.  
Food: A decent variety on the menu between the kati rolls and the platters! I went for 2 vegetarian rolls. 
1. Paneer Tikka Roll: I LOVE paneer tikka. LOVE might even be an understatement. This roll did not live up to my expectations. The naan itself was waaaay too oily and the paneer was extremely dry. Could have used more masala. I even asked for lemon juice since I love lemon on my paneer. Did nothing for it.
2. Aloo Paneer Roll: This roll was pretty darn great with some lemon juice on it. The naan itself was still very oily, which I was not a fan of. The potatoes added a great kick of spice to the roll. The paneer in this roll wasn't as dry as the plain paneer tikka roll. 
If I was a fan of kati rolls I would prob come back. Unfortunately the massive amounts of oil keeps me away.This is perfect if you are craving chicken and rice or kati rolls. I tried the chicken tikka one and my date tried the chicken achari. The mango lassi came in a nice packaging and the music was nice too. Very fast delivery especially since we were worried about parking time.I discovered this place after a recommendation from a friend when looking for a solid quick bite before catching a Philly Orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center.  The service here is polite and quick and the food here was a pleasant surprise.  I was just expecting a run of the mill fast food indian joint, but I got so much more! Their rolls were perfect for on the go eating and the platters were healthy portion and flavorful.  The kicker was also the mango lassi! It hit the spot after a lot of brisk walking to avoid the rain.  I would return again for quick bites before catching a show anywhere on Broad St.This review is for the delivery service. I ordered a delivery through yelp (and they did charge me their usual delivery fee). After a while I get a call from the  Yelp Eat24 team that the restaurant has informed them that they do not have drivers and want me to pick up my food instead.
This is bizarre on so many levels. First, if they do not have drivers, why have they opted for a delivery service with Yelp? Second, if I had the time or resources to physically visit the restaurant, why would I pay extra and order for a home delivery?
In a nutshell, this is an extremely unprofessional behavior on behalf of the restaurant.Ordered pick up! The food was ready very fast, I ordered the chicken masala roll and lamb roll. The yogurt/white sauce thingy that came with the rolls is amazing. The chicken is honestly a little dry to me if eating without the sauce. But it fits very well with the sauce and gave a good texture together. The only thing is that the rolls are a bit small for me, I guess two rolls are about right for my appetite ahahah, would gave 4.5 if I can. :)