First it was "restaurant week" and our reservations has to be confirmed twice.   Once there the restaurant was 90% EMPTY  first clue.  The service was nonexistent.   The food was cold.  Shocked that they remain in business with so many other choicesI was seated and then waited 20 minutes until a waiter finally came and asked me what I would like to drink. He apologized and he didn't know I had been waiting that long. Then 5 minutes later he comes back with nothing and asked if I would like to order my food. I told him I was still thirsty and have been waiting 25 minutes just for a drink. I gave him my dinner order and he finally filled my glass with water. After a few minutes my food did come out and it was very good. If not for the terrible service I would have been very pleased with it all. Then he asks if I would like desert and I declined. I was just ready to leave the restaurant. He brings me my check and I hand him a card. He asks "would I like change?". I tell him "it's a card....". He comes back with the check book, but there wasn't a receipt in it, just my card and the first original itemized receipt. So instead of waiting even longer to have him give me the receipt I have to write a tip on and sign. I state on the original recipes, "no tip, since I wasn't given the right receipt." I signed it and was on my way. The food was great, but the service was terrible. I had never been here and was upset that this was my first take of it.On New Years Day we went to McCormick & Schmick's to celebrate our engagement (that morning at Love Park).  My future in-laws were in from Syracuse and after a long day of celebrating we wanted a good meal to end our amazing day.  I'm sad to say but our experience at M&S did the complete opposite and completely ruined our night.  Something was "off" about our waitress.  We ordered our food and waited over an hour for our food, when we asked what the hold on was... we were told that there was a party of 19 that ordered before us.  The waitress then came back and told us that they were out of lobster mashed potatoes and offered us the cheese potatoes with lobster on top, which we agreed on.  Our meals FINALLY came out and there were no mashed potatoes because now they were out all together (even though one plate did have mashed potatoes on them).  You can tell that the meals were sitting in the window for some time because our steaks were now over cooked and dry.  Not to mention that the juices on the plate were now dried up.  I went to the supervisor in charge and explained to her that I was in the business and never complain (I actually created an Yelp account to write this review).  I told her that I was just engaged that day and we were celebrating and we just weren't happy.  I explained about the filet, the wait, our waitress and her response back was "well what would you like me to do?"  I wanted to reply... "I just want to walk out" but I controlled myself.  The supervisor took off for one filet and sent us champagne, which none of us drank because at that point we were tired, hungry and just over M&S.  We actually went back to our hotel rooms and ordered cheeseburgers from room service that were way better then what M&S served us that night.  
M&S could have been the cherry on our sundae ... instead we will always remember it as a big let down on such a big day in our lives.Been here twice - once alone, once with a co-worker. Big benefit is that it's around the corner from the hotel and I can just eat at the bar.
I've gotten the lobster ravioli and the ahi tuna. My co-worker got the scallops and the wedge salad. Both times, the food was great. I am a bigger fan of the ravioli than the tuna. They've got tons of choices on their menu.
Service - exceptional from the bartenders. They're friendly, but not overly so. And they check in on you an appropriate amount.
Environment - I haven't been in there when it's busy, so it's been nice. I can see it getting crowded. It's also a bit dark, but you get used to it pretty quickly.
Background notes: dinner while traveling alone after working for 14 hours.Seafood was nicely prepared, tasted fresh. It seemed a little confusing, as the menu was more high end, but the bar and the ambiance seemed more similar to what one would expect from a pub. I like this place more as a pub, personally, despite the food being good. I had a mixed grill of seafood, which was tasty, and fairly well seasoned.If I could give this no stars I would.  My boyfriend and I went here in February 2009 after receiving a gift card.  If you want bad service and overpriced frozen food (with dirt) this is the place for you.
We called the restaurant and were told there were many vegetarian friendly options on the menu. This was untrue. My boyfriend's mussel appetizer had a ROCK in it. His linguini with clams contained a SHELL FULL OF SAND which made the entire dish gritty and inedible. My vegetarian stir fried vegetables with coconut rice was a bland mix of steamed celery, carrots and broccoli with plain white rice (no sauce) and absolutely no source of protein. Our flourless chocolate cake was frozen. 
We complained after every bad dish was served, each time our server said "sorry."  We were assured by our server that the bill would be corrected.  When the bill came, we were charged $21 for the "vegetarian entree" and also charged for the linguini with clams. The mussels had been removed from our bill. After sending the bill back we were still charged for some of the inedible dishes but the price of the veggie plate was corrected.
Terrible experience!Love this place for lunch and especially happy hour. Probably one of the best happy hour places around. The only downfall about lunch here is that there is quite a wait. It is pretty pricey, but the food is worth it. They also make the best mimosas with freshly squeezed oranges.I used part of my birthday $25 credit at the Kansas City location. The waitress in KC said I could use the remainder on my next visit. I ordered lunch at this location with the expectation of using my credit. The waitress in KC was misinformed and the birthday credit is a one-time use. The manager was nice enough to give me the remaining partial credit which I greatly appreciated. Great customer service. The food was great! I ordered several appetizers and I'll be back.We have long been fans of McCormick & Schmick's restaurants. Unfortunately, they closed the one near my parents' house, so we thought it might be a fun adventure to go into Center City and visit the one downtown. I love this location because it's right on the corner in the shadow of City Hall.
I have to say that the first impression here was not so great. I called ahead to make a reservation just in case. The gentleman who helped me talked to me while some kind of awful very unprofessional music was playing in the background. Then he put me on hold forever. Then he came back and the music was gone, so I don't know if he moved to a different phone. And then he seemed to have a lot of trouble actually taking my reservation. It should not have been that hard.
At any rate, we show up for said reservation and from there things did improve. Our waitress was very good. I ordered the clam chowder for the first time ever and was delighted to find that it is partly based on a very generous helping of bacon that makes it warm and decadent and a pretty darn good cup of soup. For lunch I had the crispy fish tacos, which were pretty good except for the incredible amount of raw onion. Since the whole taco is covered in sauce, it's tough to pick out pieces of excess onion. But other than that, the dish was decent. Others got shrimp scampi, which got good reviews, and a burger (a non-seafood lover in our group).
Others have said it, but it's not a cheap meal. Still it was OK for a treat. There is valet parking during dinner hours but not lunch. Parking in any of the nearly downtown parking decks will run you $10-$16 or so on a normal day. Just something to know if you are planning to park.Was in the city doing holiday stuff and stopped in M&S, not our first choice, but Ruth's Chris had close the nearby location, and car parked at Wannamkers.  We placed orders for drinks, one salad, one app, entree.  Salad and app came within a reasonable time, but drink took forever to come.  They either brought the wrong drink, or they honestly thought that an SoCo old fashioned should be served in a martini glass or didn't know how to make one (WTF?  Heard of Google?).  Sent that back, ordered another drink, which never came.  We were trying to flag down the server so that we could get water glasses filled, as app was spicey. Our server was no where to be found for 45 minutes.  We decided to leave, and we went to Morton's, which coincidentally, is owned by the same parent company (Landry) that M&S is.
We were chatting with our server and told her what happened at M&S.  She told us, that she, personally, sees about one customer a month who walks out of M&S and goes to Morton's (If this is what ONE person at ONE restaurant is noticing, I can only imagine the traffic that's heading into nearby restaurants like Capital Grill or Fogo de chao, etc).  She was telling us she took family there (she get's a discount as a Landry's employee) and had seen pretty much what everyone complaines about, both as a customer and as someone in foodservice industry.Someone got wild with the hot pepper, it was in everything from the chowder to the tarter sauce & mussels, not good unless you are trying to hide bad fish.
The main course was Wild King Salmon, came burned on the bottom and hard as a rock, they brought a second that was raw and mushy, decided not to eat. The manager comes over and says he will take it off the bill, how freaking nice of him, try to serve uneatable food and makes it would like he is doing me a favor. Have been eating at M&S since they started in Portland, first meal I have ever sent back and left hungry, not a good night and wrecked the celebration.
The wait staff was great, the kitchen was the worst, managements response was lame, would not recommend as they do not seem to care about the customers.Just finished our meal here and have to say that I'm pretty disappointed with the experience. Our waiter (Mark)was nice and seemingly tried to help throughout, starting with having to help a guest who slipped walking through the kitchen. Our order took a while to get processed, which I can cope with when he told us that he was helping this guest. The issue started when a server dropped a container of hot garlic butter on my son, who was wearing shorts and had it all over his legs. Yes, it was an accident and that happens, but the way the restaurant handled it was terrible. Our waiter was great, helping clean up and said he talked to the manager who would be right over. The manager (John) came about 10+ minutes later and apologized, and left without sounding too apologetic. The waiter came by a few more times and honestly felt bad, he asked if the manager had told us we could have a free desert, but the manager hadn't bothered to mention that. We're not a big desert family and didn't want that, so the waiter went to see if there was something else they could do, like one of the glasses of wine we had or a % off, he came back and said, sorry, but they can't do anything. Really disappointing at that point. Won't be going back to an M&S.Cold food, small portions, impatient server. Overall bad time. We had a large party and the server seemed very annoyed. I'm sure this was because she knew she had a guaranteed tip due to the party size. First and last time I'll eat a this restaurant. Too pricey to be this bad. Don't believe the hypeNot a great experience here. I've been too a few other McCormick & Schmick's elsewhere and have generally been pleased. 
The waitress in the bar seemed to really struggle with understanding the menu and the options available. She also struggled to keep up service-wise with the handful of us in the bar area drink-wise. 
When the food arrived it was--meh. The fish was chewy and overcooked and lacked the expert prep I would expect from a place that specializes in Seafood.I thought the food was great here. I recieved large portions which was surprising to me. Usually places this expensive give you a small amount of food. It was expensive but a nice experience. I went for my bday in 2007. The menu had a birthday message for me which I thought was cute. We had a private room upstairs overlooking the downstairs dining room. Our room had high walls and curtains in the doorway which made it feel very private. 
I thought the service was great. I just think its pricey because of it's location, not because of the quality of the food.I agree with the underwhelmed. All seafood on Apetizer menu. Curtly I was told this is a seafood house. Well sign says seafood and steak. Been to Chicago before loved it. Day bartender was curt at best.
Weak overpriced appetizer menu. tuna tartar small itty bitty. Crackers 2. Over rated left to have dinner elsewhere.Mediocre sums up this review. Once upon a time this was a really good spot. It's not bad nor good, just okay and when you're charging the same as top notch center city spots, that's unacceptable. 
Pros- It's clean and comfortable and it's large. The soups are tasty and comforting and the desserts are really good especially the upside down apple pie. My lobster bisque could have been amazing, but it was too salty but the crab soup was everything, so good. 
Cons- The menu is out dated, it's located in center city so they have to keep up and they aren't. I was disappointed with the played out plating and played out dishes that have been on the menu since dinosaur's roamed. It's time to jazz it up the dishes are like 90s stuff. They may as well garnish with parsley the plating it so out of date. Hold on, I think I did spot parsley LOL. The main courses were just okay. I had the steak and stuffed shrimp now the steak was solid, the shrimp was just okay. Besides we've all seen stuffed shrimp done this way a million times before. Time to get a bit more creative. My sister had some sort of mediocre mixed seafood grill or something, she said it was okay. My mom had fish and chips and that was average at best.Ive been to multiple McCormicks locations and this is hands down the worst one Ive ever visited. The soup which is usually amazing was terrible and for the restaurant being practically empty, it was the slowest service I've ever had at a Landrys restaurant. I also for some reason got sick within an hour after the meal, don't know what specifically it could have been but Ive never felt bad like that after a meal at other locations like AC. Will not be conducting business meetings or any other dinners at the Philadelphia location ever again.If I could give this establishment 1/2 of a star I would do so. It was poor on every level. I brought a client here for dinner last week and both of us left underwhelmed by the quality of food and service. We both ordered the crab cakes. They were a mushy conglomeration of some type of faux crabmeat, mixed with an abundance of filler with little or no taste. We requested that they be baked rather than fried and what we go was burnt. With all the restaurants in Center City Philadelphia, I place this one on my "Will Not Return" list.I dined at the Broad St location last evening, and while my server and meal was outstanding, the front of the house lacked in organization.
 I booked an 8pm reservation for two, and when I arrived I was told there was a significant delay in reservations; I was told there were 11 parties ahead of me still waiting to be seated, but the manager said I shouldn't be seated later then 8:15. We waited at the bar and around 8:30 I checked on our table status and I was told there were still 6 parties waiting... Long story short we were not seated until 8:50.
Unfortunately I believe the management is under the terrible assumption that higher then average turnover times allows for higher covers per time slot. I've been at the wrong end of that as a hostess trying to navigate through that mess, it's not fun. And I know it's not the hostess's fault that reservations were backed up, nor is it the servers, or kitchen staff. Reservations should never be more then 15 minutes behind - MAX, especially at a restaurant that portrays itself as 'fine dining'. What it ends up portraying is that the management is more concerned with cover count then they are with quality of service, and that was definitely lacking.
It's a real shame because the food and the service staff was phenomenal, but I can't see myself dining there again unless it is during off peak times.
UPDATED 9/27: I received a phone call from the manager apologizing for what we experienced and he is sending me a gift card to come back... For as great as the food was I will definitely be giving them another chance!Average food and absolutely horrible service. 
Waited about 15 minutes for a server to come to our table and introduce herself. She took our orders for drinks, an appetizer, and entrees, and disappeared. We did not see her for another thirty minutes. That's right. Our drinks took thirty minutes to arrive! Shortly after that, our entrees came out as well. We never got the appetizer. I guess the waitress forgot. I saw baskets of bread being brought out to other tables. We never got that either. 
The seafood "mac and cheese" I ordered was totally bland. I've had better out of a box. The tiny shrimp and a few sausage slivers did not do much to liven up the dish. 
As this was a business lunch, no one at the table dared to complain, lest they be identified as "that guy." The inability to complain about a bad restaurant to fellow diners made my unpleasant experience at McCormick even worse.My office has been going here for lunch 3 or 4 times a year for the last 6 or 7 years, and we just got back from lunch today and I'm compelled to write a review.  Last time coworkers went here (maybe 6 months ago) they were very disappointed - 3 average scallops for $30 - but we gave it a go again.
Interior redesign is nice - but that was about it.  Our waiter, while seemingly a good person, wasn't a very good waiter (repeated everything back, soup as an appetizer wasn't delivered with rest of apps etc.).  Problem #1 was about 10 minutes after ordering drinks we were told they were out of Gray Goose vodka.  Either waiter should have known or told us quicker, and seriously how can you be out of that on a Thursday?  One of the water glasses on our table with filthy, though I think the waiter noticed that and he replaced them with new glasses when he brought our water.  
For entertainment we kept watching a mouse scurry around the floor under tables and between the feet of diners (it was a crowded lunch service).  We ordered the variety of oysters and every other time the waiter runs down the menu with what each oyster is - not this time - just dropped them off at the table.  The food was decent, but the prices have gone up about $2 / item and was no bread & butter brought or even offered. 
Definitely our last lunch here considering the price ($120+ for 3 people).We came with a party of 14 people and we were very disappointed by the service. The food itself was decent (entrees were alright but maybe overpriced) and the desserts were very good. 
The main issue was that our server did not have it together AT ALL. Our entrees came out to us BEFORE our appetizers! And we didn't even get half of the appetizers since they were cancelled without our knowing. Also our server was very inappropriately touching almost everyone in our party and we were not comfortable with that at all. She was rubbing our shoulders and leaning in next to our faces and it caught us all off guard by how unprofessional it was. At least it gave us a good inside joke to go home with.Ate the avocado crab tower for an appetizer. The mahi mahi was delicious. First time eating at the Philly location of this brand of Landry's many restaurants, visited from Maryland. I certainly recommend finishing off with a seasonal sorbet. Overall experience was quite nice. Easy to find and close to the convention center.Wow, what a nice time from the bar with Anna to our server Alexia, it was our 1st time for my husband and I, we were celebrating a family birthday, they were so nice and accommodating, I really liked the Menu it wished the birthday girl "Happy Birthday"...the food was great, not a long wait, and filling...we will definitely be returning!!!This is my favorite place for happy hour in AC for my family. The staff treats us like family every visit. I would recommend them to anyone visiting Harrahs AC. The food is great and the prices are ridiculously low. Highly recommended!!Good service.  Not a fan of chain resteruants  but now I am in love with Shrimp Kisses at Mc&S. A must App order. Good local beer choice.Had dinner for Restaurant week with brother and our girlfriends. Excellent.
(Sam) Coco was the man! Great job as our waiter. No one better. Great suggestions. Had the salmon with balsamic glaze and couscous...delicious. Flourless chocolate was awesome, but get the apple pie dessert instead it was unreal! Flounder with crab meat was delicious as well. 
Definitely will be back!Mediocre at best. We were hoping to have a nice dinner in the city, heard good things so we decided to try it. The shrimp kisses were way over cooked and seemed to have been already made up and kept warm. I had high hopes for the seafood combo I ordered, but that too lacked flavor and taste.  Our waiter was attentive and provided good service, which is the only praise I can give. For a higher end dinning experience we were greatly disappointed.The manager contacted me within 48 hrs of my post to apologize for our party's experience and customer service does count for something... So I had to post this update because I am truly grateful for excellent customer service.  I think I'll visit once more with same friends and hopefully, the next experience will be better.I went in at an odd hour, perhaps 2pm or so, for a lunch after a job interview. I was alone and dressed in a suit. You'd have thought I was wearing a rainbow wig and a bikini. The bartender looked at me with such disdain that I thought they were closed. The rest of the staff stood around and gossiped while I had my poorly made and overpriced Manhattan. The food was fine, but I've been underwhelmed by this chain twice and probably would never go back. Perhaps 50 years ago finding a steak and crab cakes was hard to do and they could get away with such unprofessional behavior, but not these days.I'm not going to bore you with all the details.....
-I had a crabcake...boring...really small
-I had salmon grilled with lemon butter...too much sauce, salmon way overcooked...too small again.
-All sides were cold.
-Mel had Parmesan crusted flounder in a lemon caper butter sauce... bland. It didn't taste like lemon or capers, just butter.
-Raw Oysters were good.
-Fried Calamari was forgettable.
Mel had a Bloody Mary and a glass of wine and I had one Stella. Total tab was $85.00.
Far too expensive for a below-average experience in all areas.
Although Bartender Leah was very nice, we aren't going back.
You shouldn't bother either.Excellent food, service was little slow, but server was on top of things, kept us in the loop. Steak was perfect size and was cooked to perfection.McCormick & Schmick's is a fancy chain restaurant. The food is just fine, but I think it's overpriced for the quality.
The service, on the other hand, is really overpriced for the quality. It wasn't terrible service. We got plenty of water refills and check-ins. Our server just seemed annoyed to be there, or distracted, or flighty. We're not really sure. He brought two dinner rolls for four people and didn't bother to mention more were being made until he saw we looked confused. And after dinner, he crumbed one tenth of the table. I don't require my table to be crumbed or anything, but why be so half-assed about everything?
The host who seated us looked and acted like a trust fund kid just out of prep school. He was polite but snooty, which seems strange when you're dining at what is essentially an upscale Red Lobster. Then again, maybe M&S is trying to appease the patrons who believe they are coming to get a fine dining experience.So I am in this place a lot because I work upstairs.  On the upside, service is usually REALLY good (although my last lunch took over an hour to hit the table, an unforgivable sin in the world of center city lunch joints).  The food is also fairly consistent.  The downside is that much of the menu is fair to crappy.
On the upsides there are a couple gems on the menu if you're going for lunch - and this in one of the few bars in the city which serves Amarula Cream... making the Happy Hour worthwhile.  (if you haven't had it, order one on the rocks and thank me later).  If you do lunch right now I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi (with crabmeat and sweet potato hash) or the Tilapia (with rum butter and cashew crust).
Finally, if you have kids, call ahead and ask to be seated upstairs.  They have booths with curtains - meaning your kids can go a little nuts without bothering other guests.The service here is superb! The wait staff is perfectly trained and very friendly. Try the happy hour, they have excellent specials. I had a great margarita! For dinner some pan seared salmon over asparagus and green beans. Very tasty. Overall a good place for a business dinner. A bit pricy, but worth it. Recommend.McCormick & Schmick's happy hour has won national awards, and I've enjoyed it greatly at a few of their other locations.  Based on this, I decided to check out the Philly location for the first time yesterday. 
I wasn't off to a good start. Half the bar was rented out for a private party, and happy hour is only valid at the bar area. I was so close to leaving, wasn't sure where to go next and was waiting for my friends to arrive. The hostess apologized and even offered up some suggestions of other happy hour spots with food. Very sweet of her! 
I heard a group at a happy hour high top table ask for a check so started to eye up the area. To my luck, another high top table group got up beforehand! I didn't want to lose this opportunity so planted myself in a seat before the table could be cleared. Due to the crowd, it took a few minutes for someone to come over to clear it and ask for my order. 
Before my friends even arrived, I ordered a glass of the happy hour Cabernet and the edamame appetizer. My friends made it shortly after, but one friend was on a break and had a limited time to dine. Our order was taken promptly and his time limitations mentioned immediately. The drink service was quick enough, however we had to wait for a bit for the food. My friend had to get half of his order boxed up so he could get back to work.
I personally enjoyed my cheeseburger and thought it was a nice hunk of beef for $4.99 (with fries).  My friends weren't quite as enamored by their chicken sliders or the fish tacos. The edamame was prepared with sea salt and was standard. I've had really well flavored/seasoned edamame before but this wasn't it. 
The other locations were never too crowded during my previous happy hour visits. I think the service lacked a bit yesterday due to the crowd. I'd be willing to try it again in hopes that half the bar area isn't blocked off for a private event. The price was still right in my mind for what I got.Dinner was going well.  We had a round of drinks and the calimari app which was really good.  Attentive server, good pace to the meal.  Then our entrees came out....
Swordfish was good.
The Mahi special (topped with crabmeat) was another story.  It was flat out raw.  The plate was sent back for a refire.  Instead of a new meal we received the the same piece of fish (now overcooked to the texture of a Pirelli), the crabmeat vanished and there was what appeared to be soup where the mashed potatoes used to be.  Mull that over for a minute.  A piece of fish I bit into was tossed back on the grill with your entree.  
Refire was sent back and we told the manager to take it off the check.
1 for 2 does not cut it.  Interesting that a fine dining establishment would address the issue that way instead of tossing and starting over.  I've seen Friendly's handle meals sent back to the kitchen in a better manner.Food was OK but service was miserable. For one of the "high end" restaurants in the city, this is inexcusable. My colleague and I will choose other options on our next trip to philly.Customer servace 5 
Food ------------2
It was just ok ! 
Appetizers were 3 
Main course --2 
Deserts ------ nothing of interests
Just not for us ! Won't repeat .Went this after attending the Flower Show 2018.  We have given up on this place as each time we go we are very disappointed.  Our son gave us a gift card so we figured we would use it and give it another chance. Again dissatisfied, my wife got the stuffed shrimp which was pretty good, but not outstanding.  I ordered the fish and chips and as I used my knife to cut it, the grease just dripped out of the batter. I eventually just pulled the breading off and ate the fish. The fries were a little overdone.  For the prices this is inexcusable.  My wife asked for tea as we ordered the desert and asked for Earl Gray, which the server came back and said they did not have. Very limited selection.  We tried to get the server so she could get cream, and there were people who were at the next table that left and she convinced me to take the creamer. She put the cream in her tea and it curdled   The server came back we told him what happened and no remarks.   As we said tried it again and doubt if we will ever return. The server was polite.So I been wanting to come here for quite some times and since my bf wanted seafood we decided to give this place a try . Walked in and got seated right away . There were a lot of people for a Wednesday night .
The menu here is very limited . So we've ordered the calamari and margherita flatbread for appetizers. The calamari was good but the flatbread i didn't like so much cause the bread tasted soggy . I've tried it at other place before and its so delicious . I ordered the steak and lobster mixed grill . My steak were juicy and delicious but I wished it was cooked a lil more because I did asked for medium well . It was more like medium rare . My lobster was delicious . The potatoes that came with my dish was undercooked so it didn't taste right . As for my bf he only ordered a side of lobster tail . Overall food was great just some certain stuff that needs to be fixed . 
Food service like other viewer said was true . I did have to wait some times for our food to come out . I was almost full by appetizers before our food even came out . So with that being said I didn't have any room to try dessert . 
Waitress was okay . Could of been a little more attentive .Used to be a good go to seafood place, but not now. Waiter was very nice but horrible. Never brought us bread, never really asked if all was okay or if we wanted another drink. Food was sub-par where it once was a few years ago. We have been there many times, but probably not again. Can tell management, training and the kitchen are not where they should be or used to be. Maybe why tables were only 1/4 full at 7:00 p.m. On a Friday night.I'm Very Pleased My Husband Chose To Celebrate Our Wedding Anniversary Here........ The Presentation Of Our Drinks Was Gorgeous, The Food Was Delicious, Ryan Our Server Was Very Accommodating and The Manager Nigel Stopped By To Check On Us & Introduce Himself & Not To Mention The Atmosphere At McCormick & Schmick's Was Awesome!~The meal was so so, service was better than other reviewers but this is not the reason why I am writing a review.  My family and I went to this location to celebrate Mother's Day yesterday, May 8th.  When we were on our way home my mother noticed that she didn't have her scarf.  I immediately called the restaurant to let them know that we left a scarf.  I instructed them to the exact table and server where the scarf would be.  I was on-hold for at least 15-20 mins.  I knew that the restaurant was packed so I waited patiently.  After various males answered the phone, because of ring backs, I was told that the scarf was found.  I had the man describe the scarf and low and behold it was my mother's scarf!  He said the scarf would be at the restaurant.  Hindsight being what it is, told me to ask my husband to swing back to get the scarf but we were almost home and traffic on chestnut and Walnut Street was terrible because of the construction of new buildings.  Believe it or not the crews were working yesterday and Chestnut Street at 15th was closed.  Well I digress, since they found the scarf I felt confident that one of my friends who works not more than a block away could pick up today.  WELP!  I was ABSOLUTELY WRONG!  Starting at 1pm today, May 9th, I have been on the phone with this location for at least 15 mins each time, in search of the scarf THAT is NOW, NO WHERE to be found.  You would say ehh it's a scarf, but I will beg to differ!!!!  My mother purchased that scarf on a shopping trip with her deceased mother.  The scarf cannot be replaced because we have tried to find another for other reasons.  When I spoke with the General Manager he was very nonchalant. I did NOT tell him the significance of the scarf and good thing because I think I would have been EXTREMELY more PISSED off than I am at this moment.  So why write this review you ask, well in my opinion if you are looking for a classy restaurant that serves EXCELLENT food and for BEAUTIFUL memories, I suggest you don't go here BUT go to Del Frisco's at 15th & Chestnut!  We have been to Del Frisco's multiple times but we figured we would give this place a try.....Sorry we did :-(We came here on a thursday nite, after a long plane ride.  The food was a BIG disappointment.  We've been to the Portland one and it was much better.
The grilled calamari appetizer was under cooked, it was still opaque and the "meditarrean" salsa did not have much flavor.  The wedge salad was the only thing that was pretty good, although how can you mess that up.  My salmon was over cooked, the side was roasted fingerling potatoes.  Not exactly earth shattering.  My husband had poached halibut and (forgot what the 2nd fish was) with saffron, truffle broth.  His fish was cooked to the correct degree, but there was not much saffron flavor, you can detect a little bit of truffle flavor.
Out waiter was nice BUT not very knowledgable at all.  He was not able to answer my questions about how the dished were prepared.  I would not go there again nor would I recommend it to anyone.I totally agree with most of the reviews in regards to the price, however, the food is excellent and of very good quality! The seafood is always fresh and quite tasty. I don't dine here too often, but when I do, I am never disappointed. This past time I went, the bill was like $200 for 3 ppl. Although, it was pricey, we all enjoyed ourselves and we recognized that this was a once in a while treat!! My favorite part this time was my drink. I had a regular cosmo, but it was really, really good. Nothing fancy but it had the right combination of ingredients and it was so good that we all ordered two of them. I tried the Sangria, but it was a fail, so I was sooo happy when I fell in love with the cosmo. All in all, we were all pleased and as always we will return for our yearly visit sometime in 2015.Rarely do I write reviews... but this was just beyond disappointing. For a chain "surf & turf" restaurant that's sandwiched between a few other chains, "Capital Grille," "Ocean Prime," and "Del Frisco's," this comes solidly in last place. So what did I have? A center cut rib-eye (mind you, I ordered the bone-in). Average, at best. Salt and pepper might be satisfactory for a "TGIFriday's" diner, but... I expect some type of care and inventiveness with my steak. Mashed potatoes -- (these might have been the worst I've ever had). They took my plate back to add cheese (they only had parmesan) and brought it back with "melted" cheese. The issue here is that the cheese (and potatoes now) all taste burnt -- I suspect beause they torched the cheese, although they claim it was put under a heat lamp. I know what gas and torched food tastes like... and It doesn't taste like food under a heat lamp. The "side" of vegetables (which comes with the steak) -- *sigh* let's be clear, 4 non-descript vegetables (lacking in color and flavor) does not make a side. My dish isn't brighter by their being there. In fact, it's made even sadder (because they're all that weird boiled/steamed and salted color). I didn't know what to do with them, so I took a bite and left them. The sauteed mushrooms -- compared to everything else, weren't bad. But they aren't something you should pay $10 for when you can go to Reading Terminal, grab some crimini's and do the same thing yourself.  Underwhelming doesn't begin to describe what I feel. Lastly, the Oyster's Rockefellar -- 5/10. I've had better, particularly if you've had them on the coast or in the South. If you're contemplating a steak dinner... go a block up to Capital Grille or a few blocks over to Del Frisco's or Ocean Prime.Man, I was going to actually give this place a 4 star but then at the end of the meal, we found a thick wire mixed into the rice... that could've definitely taken out a tooth... and it also makes me wonder how many health code violations this place has. Oh well, we were at the end of the meal and no point in complaining. And we didn't have an upset stomach so all was well...
Other than that the food was phenomenal. The fish were cooked perfectly right which is very tough and both fish we ordered (tilapia and branzino) had a very nice nutty crust. The shrimp scampi was very garlicky, just the way I like it.I expected the food to be a lot better & I had higher expectations since is is known for being a high end restaurant. I started off with oysters & I was disappointment since pieces of the shell were chipping off and a little bit got in my mouth. For dinner I ordered the chopped salad with shrimp - the menu says bacon & blue cheese come on it, however, the salad came with green olives. It's annoying when food comes with something that is not on the menu or when the servers doesn't mention anything! :( The green olives were chopped up too so it was very hard to enjoy my meal while eating around the olives. Overall, my experience was just OK and I probably won't be back again unless someone invites me. There are hundreds of great restaurants in the city that I would rather spend my money at.Five stars for the service, two and a half for the food.  My family had visited the DC location the week prior and had a decent meal. I was a little disappointed at the wine markups. Being in the industry I know what they're paying for bottles, and a 400-500% markup borders on criminal.  I ha ordered the filet mignon and ravioli for $22.95. In DC I received a 4oz portion of filet, this time it was 2-3oz. The service however was great, just like in DC. M&S has their service training down. Very impressive. Unfortunately, I've forgotten the name of our server, but she was amazing!I was only here for happy hour but I was rather pleased with my experience. A friend and I had drinks: I had some kind of spiked tea, not sure of the ingredients but it tasted great. It wasn't particularly heavy on alcohol, but that was fine by me. My friend had a few glasses of wine. We shared happy hour bites: pita and hummus (great, the pita was especially crispy and the hummus was flavorful and not dry), chicken quesadillas (adequate, not my favorite, but pretty tasty), and the shrimp tacos (whoa, these were the best thing of the evening). My only real con was it was a little drafty by the door, but it wasn't opening and closing too much.
I'm pretty excited to come back here some time soon and try the full menu.Pretty weird place. The location of the restaurant is right next to City Hall in dowtown Philadelphia. It has all the looks of a fancy restaurant, yet, it seems a bit gimmicky with their "Kids Eat Free" promotion as well as their "frequent diner club". Although they're not bad promotions it's just not something you'd expect from a restaurant right in the heart of Philadelphia. It seems as if they're really struggling for business.
The food was pretty good though. I had a steak with some roasted corn mashed potatoes. I was pretty happy with it and the rest of the food at our table seemed to thoroughly enjoyed. Service was highly mediocre as our waiter never even asked us if we wanted another round of drinks and then forgot on of our sides when our meals came out. We ended up never getting the fries either. 
Overall, just very disappointed. I expected a much better experience from a restaurant that is seemingly very popular.I'm really surprised that this place only got 3 stars. I went with my bf for lunch. We did the restaurant lunch week menu. 
For the appetizers, we did the Maryland crab soup. I didn't really like it. When the waiter served it, the soup was dripping. It looked as though, someone carelessly prepared the soup. It didn't look appetizing to eat and nor did it taste good.
For the entrees, we did the flounder and salmon. Both were delicious! I was expecting something really crumby after seeing how the soup was served / prepared. I'm typically not a big fan of fish, but the chef definitely did a good job there. Presentation and taste wise.
For dessert, we did the creme brûlée. I wasn't expecting to like it because I'm not a big fan of creme brûlée. I surprisingly ate most of it. It was loaded with 4 different types of fruits! Strawberries, blue berries, raspberries, blackberries! 
I didn't give it 5 stars because the waiter looked as though, he didn't want to be there and the soup wasn't that great. I would definitely come back again but hopefully, get a different waiter and skip the Maryland crab soup.Picked this place for a consistantly normal meal. WORST experience ever at this chain.  Not only does it smell like humid when you walk in but the staff sucks!  Sat at the high tops by the bar, took over an hour for water, shrimp and a soup.  Skip this place and go to capital grill across the hall or better yet order room service.We only stopped in on a Sunday for drinks but were very happy with our choice. Our bartender Randall (Randy) was amazing. He was very attentive, sociable and genuine. You could immediately tell that he loved his job and the company he worked for (Landry Select). He promoted the Landry rewards program which is amazing and mentioned all the restaurants and locations you could utilize. He was not selling just informing of the benefits. We had already been members for years from a Morton's Steakhouse visit but were not aware of all the locations and perks. Anyway, the drinks were good, not watered down and reasonable. They also have an amazing happy hour hour from 3:30 -7:00 PM M-F. You should definitely check them out, you will not be disappointed and if Randy is serving you or tending bar, it's a bonus!I feel like last time I was here I liked it a lot more. I got the mahi mahi and it was just meh, pretty flavorless. The mashed potatoes and spinach were also pretty average. Our table also had random black ash or something all over the tablecloth and instead of giving us a new table or table cloth they covered it up with a sad little napkin, so that was a bit odd. This is a good option to go with anyone who likes a 'nice' restaurant and seafood. I do remember their carrot cake was amazing. I still like this place but would expect more...The steak was the only thing that saved this dining experience.  We were seated almost a half hour after our reservation because they were too busy trying to work a larger group, the hostesses were condescending and extremely disorganized, our water glasses were filthy, our sides were cold and we waited a while after being served for steak knives so we could actually eat!!  Let them know we were celebrating a birthday- $200 bill and they didn't bother to put a candle on the cake.As a seafood lover, I was excited to try McCormick and Schmick's (this would have been my first time). We walked in and both the bar and restaurant were very busy... That's a good sign. There were open seats at the bar, so that's where we settled in. We waited for one of the two bartenders to acknowledge our presence... One of the bartenders moving glasses from under the bar, directly in front of us, to another location... He moved a bunch of glasses; he came back and moved another bunch... Four trips and he didn't even look up and say "good evening, I'll be right with you"... Nothing. We sat there for about 10 minutes and then we left... We ended up at the Capital Grille a few blocks away and had a great experience with great service. It was McCormick and Schmick's loss, not ours.
I checked out reviews of this location after that experience and noticed several recent comments about unpleasant customer service experiences... So, I guess, they're consistent.
This was my first night of my two day business trip in Philadelphia... My restaurant choice for my second night... I walked past McCormick and Schmick's, straight to the Capital Grille.There are just so many choices in City Center to eat, it is a challenge. My colleague and I chose this place since it was right across Broad St. from the Waldorf where we were staying. As chain restaurants go, it was satisfactory. I had the grilled blue fin tuna plate which was just 'okay'. I always think the M&S tries too hard to be upscale, but never really gets there. Given there are so many 5 star places to eat in a 6 block area here it is hard to compete I'm sure. So, the food was 'Meh', the atmosphere was nice I guess if you like to stare out at a bus stop with questionable pedestrians staring at your food while you eat (like Victor and Victoria where Julie Andrews stares through the glass at what the diners are eating...seriously, I'm not kidding here). Enjoy!Our waiter had to come to our table twice after we placed our order:  first, to tell us they were out of the tuna & then (after several in our party had to reorder), to tell us they were out of the mahi mahi. As a major, multi-million dollar chain SEAFOOD restaurant in the heart of center city Philadelphia, how you can run out of two major fishes on a Saturday night I will never understand... & therefore will never be back.
We were extremely disappointed, especially since many of us have had more than enjoyable experiences at M&S in other major cities. This is unacceptable from the management, for the patrons and servers alike. While the series of events was not our server's fault, he was forced to take the majority of our table's frustration.
The manager on staff did work with us & compensated us for some of our troubles, so I added another star for his acknowledgement of the problem.The hostess was friendly and made me feel comfortable. The bartender wasn't so friendly, my opinion I was prejudged. But once I ordered my drink and spoke, she too was welcoming. I ordered a double of bourbon (neat) along with mussels in white sauce and shrimp. The white sauce wasn't overbearing which gave the mussels a natural taste. The shrimp, no thanks but I'll know for the next time. Overall, I'm satisfied and would recommend you come with friends; not alone. LolAn overall great experience. The food was excellent with the service equally as good.
The menu choices were not huge nor were they overwhelming.
The slight downside was the portion sizes of the entrees but that allowed room for desert.Went here on a Monday for restaurant week. The restaurant was not busy but it took quite a while for our service to acknowledge our table. We started off with the calamari, which was delicious and had a zesty taste. Next we all order different options on the restaurant menu and all of the portions were a little smaller than expected and the food was ok not over the top delicious. It reminded me of a typical chain restaurant. I think there are plenty of more appetizing restaurants in the city that are better tasting, better portions for a more affordable cost.what a terrible experience! if i could give this crap no stars, i would! We were seated at 7:30p, and by the time our entrees came, it was 10:30pm - and they were cold and not what we ordered! The kitchen as chaos - the waiter was screaming at the chef, the food was bad. The only thing that was good was the wine -it's hard to screw that up! Don't waste your time going here!A must go to place to eat love it Seaford is the best dessert is good to very romantic atmosphere prices are reasonableI only give McCormick & Schmick's 5 stars because of the banquet coordinator, Johanna Blyth.  I called on limited notice to book an event for my Husband's Birthday and she managed to squeeze us in with a perfect dinner menu. 
Thank you, Johanna! You deserve a raise!!!Let me get straight to the point, a difference of maybe one or two dollars is the only reason it's considered "pricey."  The decor was fairly nice, but I wouldn't reserve this place for an over-the-top special occasion. The food was pretty good, but nothing spectacular.It was Christmas night and very busy. Even giving slack for that it was the worst service I can remember anywhere. After waiting over 1 1/2 hours after ordering our food was bad. Chicken was dried out and tasted like it had been under a light. We didn't see our waiter for 45 minutes and didn't see him with many other tables either. Just bad. Will never go back.First time I tried this chain was while working in Minneapolis at a business dinner and it was great.  The Philly version is just ok.  Menu isn't inspiring and food quality is average.  Service is hit or miss depending on staff's mood that day.Couldn't have been more disappointed. Gone is the Maryland crab chowder, the best thing on the menu. Gone also the pan fried whole deboned fish specials. My $12 Martini was oddly salty, like a dirty Martini would be. And WTF happened to bread service. No bread, no rolls, no nuthin'. And room temperature mashed potatoes from a box. 
This place is now a very expensive Red Lobster. Never again.The words.. the best meal i have ever had... or my last meal... are non trivial things to me.... Over dinner at Morimoto's in Philadelphia, a friend of mine, we will call him Joe, said.  "the best meal of my life was a chef's table at McCormick and Schmick's."  I was very much like, WTF, that is insane, we both travel allot and have been to tons of places, this couldn't be true....
So next time he arranged the chef's table, he was gracious enough to invite me....   
OMFG!  DOWN RIGHT THE BEST!  .. it's been 4 days, and i had a horrible couple of days, and still think about how good that meal was, it's my happy spot.
Please note: this is a chef's table, nothing is on the official menu, they knew we where coming for a month, and worked on a 6 course meal and wine pairing to DIE for... I GOT MY FINAL MEAL!
So the players where:
Chef's table - Todd B.
Sommelier / Bar Manager- Mike A.
Sever - Kirsten
The Set up:
Upstairs, in the back very private...
Meal - Wine
Moroccan Shrimp - gruner veltliner- winzer krems 2007 
Fenil and Pepper crusted Lollipop Lamb chops - chateau mont-redon - chateauneut du pape 2004
Mouth watering Scallops - gewurztraminer - Columbia winery 2007
Arugula Salad apple wine vinergette - marchese antinori chianti 2001
Lobster Thermidor - Dutton goldfield chardoney 2006
These meals are where amazing!  each better than the last, each described as to how and why they where made... AMAZING!
This meal was outstanding, the regular menu is good, but it makes you realize that we really hold back allot of the chef's in these chains.. if they could get creative... meals like this would be more common, and that would be awesome!My first time here & I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is very dim & romantic  (in my opinion). You do get bread w butter (soft easily spreadable too not the just out of fridge cold can't spread type). I don't like tap water so I always order bottled. The salads were ok (best salad I've had were at chart house) the crab cakes were ok as well. I've had better but I've also had worse. The green beans their served on could use a little more flavor but non the less good. 
The hot water in the bathrooms were scalding HOT steam came from the faucets. Their was a caution sign to warn you but who pays attention to that. Fingers were definitely burnt from that.
My only complaint was the $21 valet parking it's expensive but unless you want to park blocks away & walk this is pretty much the only option.To be honest, I'm really disappointed. Lights are kinda dark in the restaurant, pretty good for couple dating I'd say, but the food sucks, really doesn't worth it's price, I wouldn't say it's really that bad but it's only fair but extremely pricy compare to its quality, if you wanna go to somewhere fancy, it's not the place your looking forI have been here for lunch a few times. Service is ok food is forgettable the place seems a little run down. Don't think I will go back as there are many other quality spots in this part of the city. Ok spot for a business lunch but make sure you have plenty of time as service is pretty slow.I've had grilled rainbow trout with fruit salsa at the Bonefish Grill many times and love it. So, when I went to McCormick and Schmick's for a family dinner, that is what I ordered.  I can only describe it as Bland, Bland, Bland.  I'm glad I paid extra for the fruit salsa, as that was the only thing that that had any taste.  The mashed potatoes were totally nondescript.  The green beans were nothing special.  There is nothing worse than going out to eat, spending a lot of money, and knowing that you could have gotten it someplace else where it was both better and cheaper (and you didn't have to pay extra for the fruit salsa).  In fact, I could have made it at home much better.  The chef needs to learn how to use seasoning.
My sister had the Ultimate Mixed Grill and was not happy with that.
The cocktail was the only thing that was good.Came here with one of my friend's for restaurant week, and it was absolutely amazing! I enjoyed every single bite.. I had the swordfish with jerk sauce.. mind you this was my first time having swordfish and I must say I was highly impressed! My friend had steak and stuffed shrimp and she also enjoyed every bite. We had apple pie and ice cream for dessert. Our waiter ( Nick ) was really awesome! He was so nice to us and very patient, because we had so many questions about the menu because we've never been before! He checked on us regularly and was just great! If you ever go ask to be in Nick's section!! I'll definitely come back here again. It was absolutely amaThis place is awesome.The location and view is spectacular,it's right in the heart of the city across from historic city hall. Very convenient to have valet parking .  The food was very fresh and enjoyable . Our server was pleasant and made some good recommendations .Anyone on vacation in the city or just looking for good seafood this is a must!!Went for a friend's birthday. Had a private room. Waiter was average, somewhat humerus. Food was really good, but had food poisoning the next day :( Possible seafood overload. Would try again, but not too hastily.Service was horrendous. Was seated about 15 minutes after my reservation time (not too big a deal) but then after that my party waited an additional 20 minutes just to have our waiter come introduce himself and take orders for drinks. Food was good- I had the lobster bisque which I would definitely recommend, and one of the men I was with have me a bite of his steak which was delicious. Even though the food was good, it wasn't worth the price, especially since the service was awful.