Wow...what a lunch!!!  Hands down one of my favorite all time sandwiches.  Only regret is not getting double meat...even thought it wasn't necessary.  
The soups are all homemade, as is the cake.  I had the potato leak soup (yum!) and chocolate cake which I will eat for dinner lately. 
Marie was an excellent hostess and bartendress!  Thank you for a great all around experience. Ok.  Going to take a nap now.  Night night.Went there for the first time today and had their famous sandwich, the Schmitter. Hands down, the absolute best sandwich I have ever had anywhere. The beef was perfectly cooked along with the 2 slices of thick, salty salami, and not a drop of grease anywhere! The cheese along with the fried onions and special sauce only made the sandwich more amazing! I was worried I wouldn't be able to eat the entire sandwich, but the next time I looked at my plate I was saddened to see that nothing was left....My recommendation is to haul your butts to McNally's ASAP. Don't try it at the ballpark; trust me me....the chef knew her way around the open kitchen. Will definitely be going again very soon!!!!!!Delicious. My buddy got the Yelp recommended Dickens and I got the daily special Shepard's pie. My pie had great flavor..The cranberry on the dickens surprised me.. Both very tasty. Plus, I sat across from the grill and every sandwich going out looked great - might try the roast beef next stop in.Holy Schmitolli. Schmitter is a fanfreakintabulous sandwich, the meat is shaved and then heated up caramelizing with the onion. A great side of coleslaw or chips accompany the sandwiches. We also tried the Dickens, dicktastick! My lucky day, I got the "free Guiness" glass. A drink special of the day was ginger beer, vodka, lime n lemon [aka Moscow Mule] in a fancy pants copper mug, sweet sweet mothers milk of summer days I could drink it all day long. Very little seating but they serve dishes up quickly and it's well worth the wait. Don't be those people and sit around jawwing. Get your can up and walk off that sandwich.Used to love the Schmitter but the one I had was so salty it was like eating a salt lick. Great flavor and sandwich but way too salty. Overall the sandwiches are very good with fresh ingredients. Don't ask for any changes though. The waitress gave us an outright "No" to have something else on the side saying "the chef doesn't like any changes and we want to keep him."  I would have thought customers come first.This food tastes delicious in my mouth. The Schmitter is on fleek. The cheesteaks are good also.One of my favorite places in Philadelphia. I always get the George Bernard Shaw ($8.35) which includes "3 cheeses: Swiss, American & Provolone, melted on top of green peppers, onions mushrooms & tomatoes. Top with fresh romaine & our special sauce on a kaiser". The service is usually quick.Love the grilled ham/cheese, and the green salad with pepper corn dressing.  Great service and prices too.Great Saturday stop!   Crew is awesome.  Especially Fred!   Chocolate cake is homemade & delicious!!!We were warmly greeted when we sat at the bar.  Of course, we ordered the famous Schmitter sandwich and it was delicious. The locally baked buns and freshly sliced steak.. Yum. We washed down the tasty sandwich with some beers. 
The place truly feels like a neighborhood bar and want to hang out there any night.Have the schmitter. It's the best. The staff here is super friendly and accommodating. We are in from Pittsburgh and Boston and love this place. Great food and awesome atmosphere. We traveled from the airport to get here. 
EAT HERE.Yummmm!  I don't eat meat 362 days of the year.  On one of the 3 that I do I went to McNallys.  I was ready to order one of the few vegetarian options when my husband said, "What are you doing?  You have to get a schmitter!" So I did and, wow, was it tasty!  We had a disagreement about whether it was roast beef or chip steak.  I say roast beef.  It was good, whatever it was, and made better by the grilled salami and awesome toppings.  Fried onions, warm tomatoes, cheese and special sauce (thousand island?).  I added pickles and hot peppers to mine.  I know I'll probably never eat it again...hmmm, well maybe I will ;-)Tried the Schmitter. Definitely recommend. Seating is a little tight, but the service is good and fast.In town on vacation, we stopped in here for lunch after visiting the Woodmere museum, which is a gem of a place. Started with the famous  Schmitter sandwich was life altering. Paired that with the crab cake special and my hubs and I were in heaven. Great beer selection. Did I mention the chocolate cake? Worth every calorie. Home made and delicious. I usually am the type to have a bite and be satisfied, this cake ended that nonsense. Our server was the owner. Sweet, warm and welcoming. The host was great as well. Definitely Go!Stopped by had a great sandwich, good beer and wrote a postcard, met the co-owner and just had an overall great time. Dessert was awesome and the town has a lot of cool old stone buildings to bootDelicious and fresh! Our go to place.
Only about 10 tables.
Bathroom in down a flight of steps so if you are unsteady on steps keep that in mind .
No french fries :( 
Great sandwiches, fresh roasted turkey everyday.Echoing the sentiments of all the other reviews on this page - the Schmitter might be the greatest sandwich ever constructed. 
I first experienced the Schmitter when I first moved to Chestnut Hill 6 years ago. I was out for a run late at night when two college aged "dudes" asked me where "that famous sandwich place is." I had no idea what they were talking about, but since most everything worth a damn in Chestnut Hill is at "the top of the hill" that's the direction I pointed them in. 
The next day, I did a Google search for "Chestnut Hill - Famous Sandwich" and found the McNally's page. 
Anyone who has been to this place knows why I didn't know about it before my chance frat-boy encounter -- the restaurant has no sign on the front of it. Just a big green door with a small brass plaque on the front. A feature that I find very, very cool... 
Long story long, the Schmitter is such a good sandwich that I crave it CONSTANTLY. 
That said, a sandwich comprised of cheesesteak, salami, fried onions, fried tomatoes and thousand island dressing isn't exactly the type of food you can eat each day so I have made a deal with myself that I am only allowed to get a Schmitter when I have guests in from out of town. So, if you're not from Philadelphia and you're looking for a place to stay - let me know. I haven't had a house guest in a few months, so I am jonesing to get Schmit-faced. 
Except on special event days (Chestnut Hill Arts Festival, etc), McNally's offers a "regular" Schmitter, which comes on a kaiser roll and a "large" Schmitter, which has double meat and is served on a standard Amoroso hoagie roll. Always, ALWAYS get the large it is SOOO worth the calorie count. I can easily down two larges in one sitting (and then not eat for another week). 
Mad props for "The Dickens" sandwich too - imagine all the best things about Thanksgiving crammed into a kaiser roll - Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce. They roast, and carve the turkey on location so the place always smells amazing. The only thing that could make the Dickens better would be a big side of gravy to dip it in. I make this suggestion for two reasons. 1. the sandwich is made with white breast meat, which is almost always dry (not a jab at McNally's, white meat in general is dry) and 2. gravy is just awesome (and something that I, and many others, would probably pay extra for). 
Have stopped here for take-out beer on occasion as well. Skip that unless there are no other options - the take out selection is pretty small and is kind of expensive. Check out the Trolley Car Diner (and my review) at the other end of the Hill for their (amazing) build-your-own six pack selection. 
In conclusion, skip Pat's and Geno's, forget about the roasted pork sandwich... if you want a life-changing sandwich experience the next time you are in Philadelphia, swing by Chestnut Hill (a really beautiful neighborhood full of GIGANTIC old stone houses) for a Schmitter. It'll blow your mind. 
P.S. Please, please god... let the McNally's staff read the part about gravy for the Dickens.Had to try the classic Schmitter and I was not let down!
This is a sandwich like no other, and since I have tried it , I have the craving for this specific sandwich that cannot be replicated!
Besides the raving for this sandwich , the location was small and slightly cramped when it is busy, but it is a very cozy and welcoming environment. A friend ordered a Shepard's pie and was very underwhelmed, and the waitstaff noticed and replaced his meal!
In Summary: 
Great Schmitters and great staff!This is a great place for chilly days and nights, very cozy and they serve very hearty warming food.  I'm not much of a meat person but their 
Schmitter sandwich and the Tobias are so delicious and quite filing.  Picture saucy, meaty, grilled to perfection and you've got the Tobias.  The prices are very reasonable and the crowd is a nice mix of families and old and young people.  It seems like a real pub atmosphere for locals but still welcoming to those that are not from Chestnut Hill.  It is not very clearly marked on the street, so if you plan to go you will have trouble spotting it from the car.This family-run tavern is one of my favorite places on Earth. 
A nice warm shelter from any storm, a pint (or half-pint) of Guinness, a good scotch or the world class (and famously kept "secret") The Schmitter.
Is Jack Sharkey still around? 
I worked with him down the hill at Limeburner's Opticians.
Tell him Michael says hi.In the family for generations, it's easy to see why this place has survived. You don't go for the ambience, you go for sandwiches the size of your face with all the flavour to match. The schmitter - McNally's answer to the Philly cheese steak - is their speciality. It comes on a kaiser roll with pepperoni, onions, tomatoes and "secret sauce", served with a side of slaw or chips. Not great for a summer's day as there are only windows at the front but even on a weekday there was a steady flow of locals coming for their sandwich fix. The total came to $60 for 5 specialist sandwiches. Would definitely go back.It's a trek and a half to get here to try the famous "Schmitter". But I was glad I made it. I didn't want the generic version of the sandwich they serve at Philadelphia sporting events, I wanted the real deal. The "Schmitter" is a frankenstein of a sandwich cranked out of a tiny kitchen that contains Sliced beef, grilled salami, fried onions, extra cheese, a deliciously decadent sauce fittingly called Schmitter sauce, a tomato(much needed to scale back some of the richness) all on a perfect kaiser roll. The bartender was great, overly enthusiastic on a slow Monday and took extra pride in his job. The bar seems to be very proud, and right fully so, about being one of the first smoke free bars in Philly. The bar itself is something to behold. It's old, the inside carries over the vintage look from the building and cobble stone street outside, and has a small intimate feel. If your a Guinness snob, there's is upper class. Interesting when you go to the bathroom in the basement you pass through their storage unit unguarded(they just trust everybody as far as I can guess).The SCHMITTER. That's it. Nuf said. Delicious. Filling. 
Nice staff. Good beer. 
I sat for hours enjoying my company with good food and drink. If I didn't have work I would have stayed longer and I'll definitely be back. 
The place is a little small and a little dark but it's an old tavern and the vibe is good. Definitely check it out.Get a Schmitter. Get a beer, a craft beer that can stand up to all the flavors packed into that messy sandwich. Don't expect preppy service: the short order cooks crank it out in the order in which it was received.  This is a great, real place to have a beer, watch a game, get stuffed with hearty food in.  
It's a really Philly thing. 
Beware of weekends and big game days, if you're claustrophobic. If you can, it's a great early evening place in the beginning of the week. Best of all, it's a skip and a jump from the Chestnut Hill West rail station.  
McNally's rocks, and you'll almost always see one of the owners running a platter to a table or trying to figure out if there are enough Kaiser rolls. I am a bit glad it's on the complete other side of town from me because I should not eat too many Schmitters.
( Finally, if you get there early, buy an LP at Hideaway Music, ha)
mcget / Trophy Bikes PHLPopped in here while in town for a day trip not knowing its history or anything else about it. Tiny pub with just a few tables and seating at the bar which is where we sat. We were the only strangers in there but felt welcome. Decent tap list and cocktail menu. Bartender accommodating but not a chatty chap. Seems like everyone there knew each other which says a lot as there was a wait for the few tables in there. Kids present and well behaved. They obviously knew their  way to the unique bathroom in the basement. Worth the trip down there to wait in the stockroom and check out all the food supplies on the shelves and it was spot on clean. Might be a little scary for an older person to trek down the stairs but rails on both sides to keep you from falling. Back to the food. Excellent sandwich, soup and burger list and the prices were beyond reasonable. Ordered the Schmidtter which was amazing and a turkey club that was stacked high with bacon and thick red ripe tomato slices. Excellent. Two of the best sandwiches we have ever had and the cole slaw was great also.  Kitchen area is right there behind the bar so you can watch everything being made. Didn't get to try the crab soup as they were out but heard it was wonderful. Will certainly be back...Could more accurately be called Tavern 9 3/4, my dad grew up in Mt. Airy and I have been up and down the drag in Chestnut Hill plenty of times and I had no idea this place existed until a friend told me about it. 
I enjoyed The Dickens™, Thanksgiving between two slices of whole grain bread (you can have white if you prefer). In a way it was better than Thanksgiving... no fuss, someone else cleaned up the mess. The turkey was nicely done and the cranberries were jellied which is a plus in my book. I could eat myself out of a pit of jellied cranberries but I'm not really interested in the whole variety. 
Be prepared to have your ID put through the ringer though. My first license wasn't good enough because I have a duplicate so they had to see something else with my name on it.. then I got a little receipt showing my license number and age. Fun souvenir, no?I know it's repetitive at this point, but if you live in the area, or are just passing through, and haven't been to McNally's Tavern for a Schmitter, you need to do so asap!  Yes, they sell them at the baseball stadium, and yes, other places have tried to copy this sandwich, but nothing is ever as good as the real thing!  It is hard to explain why, but the Schmitter really is that good.  If you can stop bye on a game night, grab a drink and a Schmitter and you'll find yourself in heaven.
I've also heard great things about The Dickens, so if you've had your fair share of Schmitters, this is a good second option.  With so much great bar food, the one thing that I was disappointed to find out is that they don't have a fryer, which means no wings.  Nothing else to complain about. The place is great.  If you are in the area, definitely give McNally's and the Schmitter a try!I had 45 minutes to celebrate the last vestiges of a very subpar b-day.
G/f and my buddy pulled this random gem out and they did not disappoint.  Some random sandwich (top of the menu) the very kind waitress recommended, the turkey chili (excellent) and a Guinness and my b-day didn't suck as bad as it did all day prior.
A fine if not snug local bar.  One of the gems of Germantown.  Pissed I didn't go sooner.Just ate here and it was amazing! Doesn't quite look like much from the outside but the food and service were top notch.  All the staff, including the cook, were extremely friendly and helpful with making food decisions.  I split the chicken cheesesteak and the schmitter. I got fried onions and mushrooms on the chicken cheesesteak and it was great!  Also went for the long roll and extra meat options...why not?!  If you're in the area you definitely need to stop here! SO good!I must Honestly say that I am EXTREMELY!!! EXTREMELY!!! Overjoyed that decided on this place today....Fabulous, Absolutely....Everything is Great from service to food excellence, fabulousI love hole in the wall bars. Especially ones that have pewter mugs hanging from the walls, and those big wooden beer barrels behind the bar. This place has been around for a hundred years. And they know how to serve a beer and sandwich. This isn't your highschool senior serving you, it's his mom. They know what they are doing back there. I'm don't know who invented the schmitter, but they are pure genius. I would have never thought that combination of meat would make one so happy. 
Very small place, but you eat and go. They have little tvs, but not the best to hang for the game. I think it would be a great place to take a date. It's a great test of character.We've been here sooooo many times over the years. Tonight was the first time I was disappointed. I had Greek salad with grilled chicken but the chicken was rubbery and the entire thing tasted looked and felt like every ingredient came straight from over-processed Costco. The clos du bois chard was $9.25 a glass.  Ouch. Our waitress chatted with another table for so long we went up to grab our own meals from the cook/chef.  Another weird thing: they switched from the Temple/ USF game to the Raiders/49ers and that was when Temple was still in the running. I've been going for too long to dismiss it, but I'll sure consider Tradewinds ( a door or two down) first next time.Charming hole in the wall in Chestnut Hill. I scoped out places to get a cheesesteak in Philly (through yelp of course) and came up with this place which was right down the street from my hotel. 
I was originally planning to get the Schmitter but changed my mind at the last minute because I wasn't at all hungry. Somehow I thought a regular cheesesteak would be a better option...The cheesesteak was great and so was the local brew. I wasn't disappointed!
The bartenders were really friendly and one even gave us a free CD of his band! I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area. For those of you that live in CH, I envy you!!!Another great night at McNally's!  Saturday night is great and Chris is animated and unexpected as always!  What a great joint!I've had the Schmitter and it was flat-out awesome. McNally's is one of those cozy, welcoming nooks you luck up and find and then you discover that it's a neighborhood gem that the locals are kind enough to let you in on. Service is always pleasant.
I'm giving 3 stars because I didn't order another Schmitter; I ordered an Italian hoagie and in the bygone words of Idols of old, "It was just aight for me dawg." Sure I got $11 worth of deli meat and a gargantuan roll but in the words of Hathaway & Flack, "Where is the love?"
The meats had no flavor apart from the overpowering pepperoni,  which tasted a lot like the vacuum-sealed pepperoni from one of those holiday gift baskets that you don't open til, say, three months after Christmas. Like. A whole lot.  A-bleck. The oil and vinegar plus mayo I usually get on hoagies marry each other, melding together to bless all the sammich's other accoutrements in semi-sloppy, juicy succulent bliss. This OVMayo came together like those estranged parents of Lady Rose on Downton Abbey. They barely tolerated each other and left all the Italian meats, wan provolone cheese, onions, lettuce and tomato feeling awkward and standoff-ish. The behemoth roll left everything open faced,  more like a grinder that I did not order. 
3 stars because I feel this particular hoagie is a step-child on an otherwise beloved, tasty menu.One of my favorite places to go and grab food. If I go with my mom we Will share a schmitter and the grilled chicken Caesar salad, which are both delicious.
The food is always hot and fresh and the atmosphere is great. The schmitter is their staple and is so for a reason! And the chicken on the grilled chicken Caesar salad is AMAZING!The schmitter is a good sandwich, something a little different than anything else you may have had. Unfortunately I am a bit of a noob to the schmitter being that my first taste was down at Citizen's Bank Park. A great sandwich nonetheless. That being said, the sandwich drove me to the restaurant. They do a pretty good job, nothing spectacular, but they are consistent which is a great thing in the restaurant business.Closest thing to a real English pub local in a village that you'll find in the US. The decor is not faux English pub, there are no overstuffed chairs, there are sports on TV, BUT the feel of this family-owned pub is as good as the best pubs, and friendly to newcomers too. I love introducing people to this gem.So, I've seen all the reviews of McNally's Schmitter sandwich and kept asking myself "Beef. Salami. Cheese. Tomato. Onion. Sauce.  How could can it be"?  
Two words -- the best!.
Yeah, it's a small place, kind of divey , and dated, but in a good way.  Limited menu, but with great daily soups and specials (delicious split pea with ham soup and an authentic- looking lobster roll the night I was there).  But if it's your first time, get the Schmitter and a cold draft ( did I mention the awesome draft list?).  You will not be disappointed.I've been coming to Mcnallys my whole life. Every time I'm there it is just as good as the time before. This place yells consistency. Staff is friendly, Service is great. Atmosphere is cozy, and the food is a knock out. Some of my favorites there are the chili, coconut cake and how can I not mention the schmitter. It is as classic as the Philly cheesesteak!  Named after former Phillies third baseman Mike Schmidt. This is a Chestnut Hill staple. It is truly a gem.Philly bar most likely to be open for another 95 years. Bonus points for the one time Action News was on the television and I got to hear the bartender call Chris Christie a fat a@@hole. A++I've driven past this place for years and (probably because of the lack of windows) never had any idea it was a thriving place. I went this year on St. Pats and it was packed. Total dive (in the best way). Everyone (staff and patrons) was really familial and jolly. I don't think I've ever used that verb before but it's too fitting here not to. We only got drinks but the food looked and smelled great. The icing on the cake was when I went to pay our tab - the lady asked what we had had and I accidentally said 4 Guinness instead of 3... she actually corrected me to the smaller number which is not only impressive that she could keep track with all those people, but also super honest which anyone can appreciate. If you're looking for a Philly dive bar vibe without heading closer to the city, this is a great option.As much as I love the schmitter, I love the Tobias even more. It's basically the schmitter with pepperoni. The dickens is a great option for those of us who can't get enough of thanksgivingThe Schmitter is fantastic! Great beer and knowledgeable bartenders.  The drawback---- is that B102 on the stereo?  Awful- made me feel like I was at a crappy dentists office. Please, with all the options of great music, why put on that garbage?  All my senses were happy except that one. I asked the barkeep to change the music, and he told me the owner insists its kept on B102.  Get decent music and I'll be back. otherwise, I'll stay at McMenaminsI had my schmitter baptism the other day, and I'm now a true believer! Praise the Lord! If you are a sandwich person (you know the type that always want to talk about new and crazy sandwich ideas), then you must try the schmitter while you're in Philly. It's like a weird but strangely satisfying marriage of a cheesesteak, hoagie, and a Reuben.  Don't ask me how it works, but it does! 
I felt like the sandwich size was just right too. Big enough to fill up a hungry gentleman like myself, but not so huge that it was a struggle to eat or induced a food coma. That said, they have a double-sized version of it that I'm confident I could take down if in the right state of debauchery.  
Ambience and service were pretty great. It's a small, no-frills Irish bar on the interior and easy to miss on the outside of you aren't looking for it. I may eventually up my rating to a five, but first I have to return and try some of the other menu items. Looking forward to ordering the homemade soup and diving into the craft beer rotation in the future!This is one of my favorite philly cheesesteak sandwich place! Highly recommended! The style is different from many other grab-and-go spots. I loved the cheese steak sandwich (ordered it on a kaiser roll-the long roll was an option as well but I wanted something different). It was made individually to order and the beef was sliced and chopped on the grill. The bread was nicely toasted and the texture of the bread was just right. The cheese was melted on the grill with the beef using a dome. I ordered it with fried onions and it was more like caramelized than fried onions--but I loved the flavor of it! Overall, there was a balance between the onion, beef and cheese. Each component was present, complementing each other yet not over-powering. 
Great and friendly service was a plus to McNally's!this place is a gem.... the beer is great.. the homemade soups rock.. The Schmitter is excellent.. but I normally get either the turkey club or roast beef club...The club sandwiches are really terrific.. The old fashioned charm of the place adds to a good time...I live in Cali and am visiting family in PA. McNally's is like an old family friend. The service is great. The Schmitter is ridiculously wonderful, surpassing the Cheesesteak on my "must have" list. Wish it was Friday so I could have the snapping turtle soup. Yummy!After a hard day there's nothing like the sweet, sweet taste of a Schmitter. Seriously. Nothing. 
Imagine what you like best in this world. Got it? OK, The Schmitter is better than that, whatever your "special something" is.
Honestly, I don't even know what the hell was on that sandwich. But it was the best friggin' thing I've ever eaten in my life. Better than any 5 star restaurant in the city, better than any high-concept dining experience you will ever have. 
I could make sweet, sweet love to The Schmitter all night long and have no regrets the next day. A bigger ass, maybe, but definitely no regrets.Ah! I haven't reviewed McNally's yet? That's a crime.
Truth be told, I've only come here for one thing: Schmitters. The Schmitter is quickly rising on its way to being my favorite sandwich ever. And here, at McNally's the birthplace, they do it amazingly well. The McNally's at the ball park barely comes close.
Generally speaking, the food and beer at this place is pretty cheap. For the most part, it's just a great neighborhood bar. As an outsider to that neighborhood, it's their specialty sandwich that makes it worth the hike to me. I know I owe it to myself to try something else there. I think next on my list would probably be "The Dickens" -- their Thanksgiving-themed turkey sandwich served all year long.Best sandwich ever; I say without hesitation that given the ultimatum to choose between the cheesesteak and the Schmitter for eternity, goodbye cheesesteak.  They take the steak, melted cheese, and fried onions we all know and love then add grilled salami, tomato, and secret sauce to create taste bud nirvana.  Staff tell me they had to copyright the sandwich as their culinary invention was being ripped off left and right; now the Phillies and Eagles serve up Schmitters in their respective ball parks.  Combine the ultimate sandwich with great beers on tap (Guinness, Harp, Lager and more) and pleasant service all in a small clean comfortable bar and the McNally family will continue to thrive on top of the hill.  
If for some reason anyone in your party doesn't want a Schmitter they serve prime rib every Monday and Crab cakes every Friday; I hear these are excellent but I don't look at the menu here anymore.Good food.  Fast service.  I was lucky enough to have room after my chicken wrap for some delicious carrot cake last week.  It does get busy during the week at lunch time, so we try to get there a bit early to get one of the tables.  There is a small parking lot ($) that's tucked away behind the stores.I had the G.B.S. and Joe had The Dickens. And we both had a Lagunitas beer. The service was friendly, the food was GREAT, and the beer tasted better than most drafts (which must mean they actually clean the lines!). I expected the G.B.S. to be cheesier (and therefore less healthy), but it was mostly veggies and a delicious combination of cheese. Yum! For as old as this building is, they keep it spic-n-span. Hope to take my parents back here before I leave town again.So I've heard rumors about the Original "Schmidter"for years and today was finally the day I got to eat one.  All I can say is "WOW!" This sandwich and this bar more than lived up to its reputation.  
I must mention that the service was great as well.  A few buddies and I sat at the bar and enjoyed our casual conversation with the bartender.Love love LOVE McNally's! Hubs always gets the Schmitter and I love their chicken sandwich. The Schmitter was the first meal he's ever actually moaned out loud during. A meal is not complete here without the chocolate cake. It is the BEST chocolate cake I've ever had. The owner bakes it in her kitchen at home every morning and brings it over to the tavern. You must eat this cake. Actually, don't eat it because sometimes they run out and I want to be sure that they'll have enough of the cake for me. 
The place is small and cozy. This translates to a minimal number of tables. They have 2 large tables in the back but if it's a weekend and your party is larger than 4, it may be difficult to get seated. I don't mind this though because I prefer the smaller setting. You can't go wrong here.So the schmitter is glorious, an amazing sandwich, but sometimes its just too much to eat for dinner.  I was at McNally's and I looked at the table next to me, and a woman was eating a salad, with what appeared to be a cheesesteak on top.  I asked, and in fact, it was a salad with cheesesteak on top.  This salad has since become one of my favorite foods.  The perfect balance of greens and glutton.  This salad (and for most the schmitter) is worth the drive to Chestnut HIll.Got here after work on a weekday. Seat at the bar for my virgin visit. Guinness on tap and a bartender who know how to pull one from the tap. Good start. Ordered the schmitter, watched them make it. I hope the prep are hand washers cause they bare hand everything.
Schmitter served with a few chips.
Sandmich was good, very good.
Attentive bartender. Nice little neighborhood irish bar with good food. I'll be back and I'll try the Tobias and maybe the dickens.Schmitter or Schmitter on a long roll?  That is all you need to know about the food at McNally's.  They do have other items on the menu but nothing to rave about.  
Finding this small bar might be tricky if you're not from the area.  There is a very small sign on the outside wall and that's all you can see when walking by. The inside is dark & there are only a few tables.  They have old metal beer mugs hung on the wall and the place looks like it hasn't changed in 50 years.  McNally's is a throwback to the old days and it's a great spot to grab a beer and a sandwich.
They don't have a large beer selection but usually there is at least one good beer on tap.  I had a Trogue's Dreamweaver when we stopped last week before heading down to a Sunday Phillies game.
If you ever frequented the Bent Elbow you will see a familiar face tending bar.Not a single complaint about this place.  Heard about their sandwich "The Schmitter" and knew I had to head over to Chestnut HIll from Havertown to give it a try. The place is really small and cozy and well frequented.  The staff is friendly and they all move well around each other is such tight quarters. The kitchen is open and super tiny.  This place is a well oiled machine. The Schmitter was an excellent one of a kind sandwich.  Parking is tough in this part  of town but what a quaint and beautiful town with stunning and unique homes. Our timing was good as when we left there was a line out the door.  Head on out to Chestnut Hill and try The Schmitter.  You won't regret it.Really, really good eating. I eat out a lot and this is the best pub food I've had. They are able to compete with other restaurants without relying on a fryer too. The key is top quality ingredients. Excellent ham and roast beef, fresh tomatoes, non-greasy ground beef, creamy mashed potatoes etc. etc. They have a small main menu and 3 specials which are always good. The Schmitter is as good as advertised. I like the Tobias even better.
The beer menu is small, but good.It's funny, I have been coming here my whole life and never reviewed it.  First of all The Schmitter is divine (wrong but divine).  However so are the soups and the Dickens and basically any sandwich you will get here.  Everything is fresh and fantastic.  The Bloody Mary's (with extra extra hot sauce of course) are awesome and not served in the wuss glasses you get everywhere else.  The bartenders are great (of course I know most of them so I am biased).  Of course you feel a little claustrophobic in here but it's worth it.  Now I have to bring the Mister since in the 11 years he's lived out here, he's never been...bad wife huh?Great all-around tavern/bar. The food, especially the Schmitter, is excellent. The staff is great and can handle a large crowd, as it will get packed on a Saturday night.Love, love, love! Always the best sandwiches in town. Only one problem... the male bartender during the day on Saturday. Yesterday I heard him curse out a waitress because she asked for waters and sodas for her table... isn't that his job? He is always miserable, rarely checks on his patrons to see if they need drinks. It's a shame! Everyone else that works there is greatÿ and the food is always superb! I just have to avoid his shift.Cozy atmosphere and GREAT food.  Turkey chili is a must (when available).Scmitt-ER!!!
The ones at the ballpark just aren't the same.  I mean, some of the best eats at the park but hey!
I am a purist all around, but I like schmutz - I like to do things up...whats wrong with truffles, tallegio, demi, frying, anything to boost something up bacon added to anything is always better right?
Well this Sandwich is everything you've read - sloppy, cheesteak-y, salami-esque and something you want to turn your back toward the corner and suck the dripping up off your fingers as they drip.  But hey, it's a bar, and can be loud so who gives a Sh***.  If you have enough to drink before hand no worries.
But Mcnally's isn't all Schmitter.  They make great homemade soups, fresh roasted meats for fresh carved sammiches like old taverns -baked ham, roasted beef and turkey....pretty classic fare to sop up the suds.
Nice warm drinking and Phillies cheering atmosphere.
On the right afternoon or night you'll see familiar faces - Dorothy Krysiuk or Larry Mente...Place had great reviews so decided to give it a try after visiting family in Flourtown, PA. It's a small place. There were no tables available so we sat at the bar.  Food was pretty decent.Order the Schmitter! Awesome little pub in Chestnut Hill. I have been coming here since the 90's. The staff is very efficient and friendly, and the food is always hot and fresh.  Example: The turkey in their turkey chili and sandwiches is made fresh on-site (you can occasionally watch them pulling a huge turkey out of the oven. You can drink a cold beverage and watch sports or watch the chefs quickly fill endless orders for good sandwiches and soups.  If there is a wait for a table, the line usually moves quickly.hands down the best bar food i've tried in philly. i judge a bar by its burger. if a bar has premade frozen patties its off my list. all i look for is just good beef, fresh roll, crisp toppings, pickles and cooked to the right temp. mcnallys has all this (+ crabcake specials, prime rib, grilled cheese, a soup calendar +++homemade carrot cake)!
what more could a girl ask for from a bar menu?I'm stuck here because of the snow and it would be nice if there were items on the menu that were vegan.  Beer is OK not greatGet the Tobias™.
Everyone knows McNally's Tavern as the Home of The Schmitter®, but don't be afraid to try some other items on the menu. For instance, the other sandwich worthy of trademarking is the Tobias™ -- for $9.45 you get: grilled beef, fried pepperoni & salami, provolone cheese, fried onions, tomato & special sauce on a Kaiser roll. After you get sick of that, try something with their roasted turkey. The sandwiches come with a handful of chips and are served on clear plate stolen from Sizzler's Salad Bar.
Expect a short wait when you get there. The bar will probably be full of locals, so you'll need to wait near the door. Parking is a pain, just take the first spot you find and walk.Small place, lots o character.  Dinner on a Saturday night and the place was full of young families.   I enjoyed the Schmitter, sauce on the side, and found it to be tasty indeed.  Served with chips, I would have preferred fries or something more substantial and found myself eating all the pickles and peppers from the table and wishing I'd ordered the chowder.
Tables are close, felt like we were a part of the date to our left.   I recommend it.Awesome!!! Staff is super friendly. The schmitter is heaven on a bun. Chicken cheesesteak on a long roll is delicious, as well as their soups. i highly recommend their draught Guinness...Criag, the best bartender ever, will even surprise you with a shamrock of good luck :)I like this place for their "Schmitter" - it's a horribly unhealthy but delicious variant of a Philly cheesesteak. The bar is comfortable and the staff hospitable. It's not a good place for large groups though as the whole Tavern is pretty small in size.I think some people either love this place, and some people hate it.  I for one, am really not a fan.  The food wasn't THAT great, and outside of the one thing that they are known for (The Schmitter), everything else is pretty horrendous.  
I agree that this place is sort of the "Cheers" in the neigborhood where everyone seems to know each  other, but I do not agree that they are just as friendly to newcomers.  I was a newbie and the guy behind the bar was completely rude when i was asking questions like, "does it come with fries?"  As if I should have KNOWN that though most other places serve fries with their sandwiches or entrees, THIS PLACE doesn't have a fryer so they don't do that.  
It's just too snobby for a dive atmosphere bar.  You want good food, and friendly faces?   Go to Campbell's place.  Never has let me down.My first stop on trying to find the best Philly cheesesteak in Philly and it was OK, the place is small and I drove by it twice before finding it and even drove away the 2nd time as there was some big orange/pink sign on the outside that said something about "public notice" (I found out later that it was a public notice they were allowed to serve alcohol) so I thought they had been closed down. I called the phone number and they said they were open till 11 so I went back. I got The Schmitter and it was alright but not great, the steak was great and the extras (salami, fried onions, etcetera) was nice but the "special sauce" brought it down, it tastes like thousand island dressing and there was too much, think of a Big Mac with too much special sauce, it ends up being too sweet. Draft beer (Dogfish 60) was good, easy to see the TVs, maybe a different entree would be better next time.CCOD is a real problem here.  What's that you ask?  It stands for Caloric and Cholesterol Over Dose and is what happens when you inhale a Schmitter.  Its major symptoms are glazed eyes and a silly smile.  Thank God McNally's doesn't have a fryer.  If this wonderful sandwich was served with French fries the death toll would be enormous.
McNally's has another problem.  The aforementioned sandwich is served with special Schmitter Sauce.  When you eat this sandwich it's everywhere and getting it off your cell phone is a real bear.  So many people trade in these less than attractive phones that the local Sprint store calls them Schmitter phones.
Despite these problems this is one great place to have a sandwich a beer.  The atmosphere is great and the people are especially friendly.  Speaking of beer, this is really not a craft beer place.  You'll find a few good microbrews but nothing exotic.
If I'm within a few miles of Chestnut Hill my stomach starts to growl and my internal GPS just aims me for here.We still make trips into Chestnut Hill JUST to eat at McNally's. Yeah, there's the Schmitter (it's w/out equal!) but the GBS is awesome, the ambiance is... well. it's McNally's. Want a simple burger and beer? McNally's is the place. Late lunch after hitting the Chestnut Hills shops?  McNally's. Nothing pretentious, just... yum.Decided to stop in and try it.  It was well worth the visit.  We went with a Italian Hoagie and a cheese steak.   Both were amazing.   Then to top it off we decided to get the Carrot Cake and Wow wad that an amazing cake.   If you go there you have to get the cake.  You'll be glad that you did.That Schmitter sandwich was superb and defeated my hunger handily. It was joined by a DirtWolf IPA. "Chips" were actually ridged potato chips, not French fries. Dinnertime was hopping, but we didn't have to wait long for a table. Kind service. The local vibe is comfortable and was a welcome mix of ages. I'm glad I got to walk through the neighborhood to get to and from this pub on a humid summer night.It's pretty easy to guess what I'm about to say about this tavern..so why beat around the bush? I absolutely, positively LOVE the Schmitter. I moved to Chestnut Hill a few weeks ago and sort of stumbled upon McNally's one night. I was instantly intrigued by the Schmitter and just had to have one...anything with a "special sauce" is sure to be amazing. And that it was! A great mixture of flavors with the salty meat and sweet onions and tangy sauce. Plus, who doesn't love a side of Ruffles potato chips? I had it a second time the other night and some how it was better than the first. Super friendly staff, the cook is nice too, good tap options, and the Schmitter is awesome!