Very good food here and friendly staff. We stopped by for lunch on our way to the airport and found that the wonton soup was exceptionally delicious. The other entrees were very tasty as well and the portions were very generous. 
Though we didn't have any, they have several beers on tap and also a liquor bar. 
The building was very clean, including the restrooms. Wood and tile flooring along with the wooden trusses on the ceiling gave it a welcoming feel. 
Next time I visit the office near here I plan to stop in again.Mekong River was great! I had special pho ga and Vietnam coffee to go. The service was warm and cozy. I actually wanna go there again for the yum pho!!Had dinner here with friends. The food was very good, and the service was excellent. I had the crispy egg noodles with beef and vegetables.  Very well done. And the noodles were extremely crispy.  Just the way I like it, and the way it is supposed to be cooked.  The service was friendly, but a bit too fast.  Entrees arrived before we were finished with appetizers.  Had banana ice cream for dessert.  Not the best I've had, as the banana seemed like it was puréed with the ice cream.  Still, I would definitely return for dinner again.Mekong is holding at a solid 3 for me.  My first experience there left me loving the food and not loving the service.  The second time around, the food was still enjoyable but the service was greatly improved.
The menu is huge and while that normally bothers me about a restaurant, they seem to turn out the food quickly and skillfully.  It's got a similar menu style to other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  The Banh Hoi Thit Nuong was the first thing I tasted here and I really enjoyed it.  It's a good amount of food, lots of bright flavors and it will fill you up.  I also tried their Pho Dac Biet and Goi Cuon.  The pho was just as I expected it would be, flavorful broth, hot and the garnishes I've come to love.
The restaurant itself is quite new and decently stylish.  Its pretty open and there always seem to be seats open.  Parking is very easy on Front St and I hope they stay around.  This place is good for a quieter meal and a catch up with friends when you actually want to chat.first and foremost the venue is nice, resembles a more upscale Vietnamese restaurant so I came in expecting a richer taste to Vietnamese cuisine but I left disappointed. It's a tad bit pricier then other Vietnamese restaurants roaming on Washington Avenue yet  more flavorless. the Thai Tea did taste pretty good though, I will give this place 3 stars and maybe give it another try1 star for being highly recommended
1 star for saying there open until 10:30 (on a saturday) and turning us away at 9:40p because the kitchen was "closing soon". 
Someone walked in and was immediately seated right before us. But we were then turned away... Can only assume it's because my fiance is black (im white) and assumed weren't together so she wouldn't give a good tip.. So why waste time? Wtf???!!
I've been in the food industry for 15 years and NEVER would you close a kitchen early in a saturday... Or close your kitchen that early...
Sad, sad world. They lost a pretty ticket with us, and an even prettier tip. Shows what they know.I love their summer rolls and all types of noodles except Pho, because I know this is not the best Pho I've had. The waiters are so nice and friendly (I come here too much that they know me lol). Overall, if I don't know what to eat tonight, I will come here: quiet and cozy restaurant with decent food. Great place for family dinner or if you need to talk to your friends while eating (without yelling) because it's quiet here, and people are polite. Another thing to mention, don't forget to try their Banh Tom Chien! It's so good!! :DAs someone who eats Vietnamese food at least once a week, I was very excited to try Mekong River and it did not disappoint. The interior is clean and the service excellent. Your water glass is always full and the waiters are extremely polite and accommodating.
I have eaten here several times and the food is always fresh and wonderfully prepared. Some of their standout dishes include an excellent preparation of the Bo Luc Lac ( best I have had in the city) their raw beef salad which is a steal for $7 and any of the pork items. My favorite is the Bun Thit Nuong! It has tons of fresh veggies and the pork is perfectly BBQ'd. 
I highly recommend this place for a cheap, quality meal! They are still waiting on their liquor license, so BYO.This new South Philly/Pennsport gem has become my alternate favorite Viet restaurant after Nam Phuong. The prices are great, the staff is super friendly, it's more modern and the Pho is just as delicious. There's some subtle difference that you cannot go wrong in ordering Pho here. I have also had the opportunity to try other dishes such as the stir fry flat noodle with beef, spring rolls, grape leaves and they are all amazing. Definitely give this place a chance and I'm sure you will not regret it.We came into an empty restaurant and were seated immediately.  The service was very friendly, very polite, and accommodating.  Our waiter was very attentive, nice to the kids, made helpful suggestions, albeit a little slow.
On to the food:
We had some rolls, some edamame, seafood curry, pad thai with tofu, and some curry thai.  I realize that our choices were not very adventurous, but we were looking for comfort on a wet, cold, miserable day.  The pad thai was probably on of the most pleasant I have had in a long time.
The curries were not that great.  I am a fan of Vietnamese curries and I had asked for extra spice, but it was not spicy at all.  The seafood selection in the curry was also a bit scant.
Would I try again?  Maybe, but with so many other possibilities in the area, I would need some convincing.The search for a richly flavored Pho continues, along with the quest for finding true Vietnamese cuisine. Today we made our way to Mekong River on Front Street. Unlike Chinatown or Washington Avenue, parking was right easy. Our spot was right out front. Open the door to Mekong River and you find yourself in a spacious and sophisticated room warmly lit and appointed with dark woods. The staff greets us promptly. The service throughout the dinner was courteous but perhaps not quite as attentive as it might have been: they missed one of our selections. But this slip may have been due to language problems.  Our first consideration was the pho. The pho would be our primary measure. We ordered the "delux" which was to have included a variety of meat cuts including tripe. Before the soup, we asked for an appetizer and after the soup, we selected the grilled pork bun, may daughter's favorite.  For the balance of the dinner we asked the help of our waiter to select a chicken dish and a beef dish. This is where was had the confusion that ended in a missed course.  The appetizer arrived within a reasonable amount of time: four shrimp balls served with that ubiquitous Vietnamese dipping sauce. Each fitter was a good sized tasty serving, large enough for each to be cut in half. While we were still on the shrimp balls, the waiter arrived with our soup bowls. We asked kindly if he could wait before bringing us our soup. It seems that in Asian restaurants, you really have to manage when they serve your food. Everything seems to come at once and then gets cold. When we finished the appetizer the server brought very large bowl of Pho, easily enough for the four of us to share. The first thing that struck me as I ladled out each of our portions was that there seemed to be no tripe or side meats.  In fact, the meat, although plentiful, seemed to be nothing but flank.  The garnishing also seemed somewhat spare, far less than one would find at Washington Avenue.  The real test, however, was the broth. Sorry to say, but the broth was mediocre at best. It lacked the richness and complexity of the pho at Nam Phuong. The server then brought out the grilled pork bun. My daughter doused it with the Vietnamese sauce, mixed it and served it. What is the attraction of this dish? Yes, it is good. But are we not just taken by the sweetness of the sauce on the appealing noodles and crisp vegetables? Our main courses were next on the list, but we only received the beef. There was no chicken dish. The beef dish, I think was supposed to be something with lemon grass and coconut sauce, but what came to the table was platter of thinly sliced beef with a mix of peppers in a very shiny corn starch sauce: something you might find in the most generic Chinese take-out. I cannot say that I found Mekong River to be any kind of exception or revelation. At Mekong River, the food resembles more that you might find at Nam Phuong but with less depth. What I still don't understand is the difference between the cuisine at these two restaurants and the Vietnamese cuisine at "Vientnam" in Chinatown. One thing positive I will say about Mekong River is the price. Dinner for four, with all the courses described, including  20% tip, came to about $44. You can't get hamburgers for that price.I was surprised I came across this restaurant by chance. It's right behind Pho Saigon, which is kind of interesting. The food is good and they actually have a lot more specialty dishes than other vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia. Dishes that I enjoyed from my mom's cooking. The grape leaves don't taste as good here as choo choo's. The ban xeo tastes similar to my Mom's here, which is good. It's spacious, feels clean and they also have a bar. I think I would go here again.Being a devotee of Pho 75 along with a couple other Vietnamese places on Washington, I didn't want to like Mekong River.  I didn't want anglicized Vietnamese, I wanted good Vietnamese and after recently going to Vietnam Cafe in West Philly(which turned out to be expensive and disappointing, what kind of Vietnamese place doesn't have tendon or tripe?) , I was prepared for something similar.  Regardless, we were meeting a friend for dinner there and then heading to a movie.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.  Finally a good Vietnamese place that I can bring my parents and in-laws to that they won't think is too dirty, despite how delicious the food is!
Also, try the Mekong-tini it's delicious (if you like frilly fruity drinks)Best Vietnamese food in the city, at very reasonable price.  Simple things make this place great: they don't skimp on the fresh Basil & Mint leaves, its clean w/ a nice atmosphere, best Won Ton soup I ever tasted and they don't kill you on the price of a beer.  This is my favorite new spot in Philly!  The fine vermicelli is amazing & the Pho is top notch.
If you are looking for a healthy, fresh, tasty meal with excellent service... this is your spot.  So happy this came to town.  Ignore any of the negative reviews bc those people must be nuts... I would give Mekong River 6 stars if I could!Loved how the menu had pictures of mostly every dish, made it much easier for me to decide what I wanted. Ordered the Bo Luc Lac which is cubed steak and onions with rice on the side. Came with a lemon pepper sauce that added a nice touch to it but was overwhelmingly salty. The beef was super juicy that sat on a bed of watercress. Great service and a pretty nice decor inside for a Vietnamese restaurant. They even have a fully stocked bar which is a first!This has been our new favorite Vietnamese place but their dishes can be very inconsistent. This time was one of the good days.
I always get the Ben Tom Chien which is fried potatoes & shrimp. I also call it the "nest thing" but only my mom & brother knows what I'm talking about when I say that. This dish is almost always good & so crispy. Rarely it might come out soft or too oily. I recommend eating this with the lettuce that comes with it so you don't feel too bloated.
This time here, I had the Bo Loc Luc which is diced meat on top of watercrest. One of my favorite dishes & it was perfect this time! The meat was cooked just right, very juicy. My only request would be more onions because I love that.
My brother had the Com Tham Song with an egg on top. We asked for a sunny egg & not the Vietnamese one. They gave a lot of juicy meat & rice.
We'll be back again where I will get the Ban Tom Chien!Food is good. Full of flavor especially the pork. Food presentation is good. But 3 stars for poor service as any Vietnamese restaurant, they checkup on you the first time then forget about you. You constantly have to get their attention for water, extra napkins, etc.  The waitstaff tends to congregate in the bar and talk. My last visit I had to walk to the bar to get our water glass filled and had to walk over to get my check. Hence when I eat there I give less than $3 tip and I usually tip over 20% for exceptional service because I use to work for tips, too.So I decided to check this place out and not a fan after my second visit and I don't think I will go back. Overall the food is okay, the decor of the restaurant is very nice compared to others in south philly. While my first time around was nice, I decided to give it another shot. As I walked in the restaurant, not very busy at all, I was not seated right away nor was I even acknowledged at the door. Not only that, the manager didn't care to do anything. So I waited for about 5 minutes which felt like 30 and finally someone seated me. After looking over the menu, we were ready to order and waited for our server to come back to us. After 15 minutes of waiting and waving for someone to come over, I decided to get up and leave and that was when they notice I was there! I walked over and told the manager that this ridiculous and he just stared. 
Never going back!This is one of my favorite places to eat out. The food, service and ambience is great. The establishment is clean and wait staff is always friendly. My favorite dishes to order here is the salt baked squid and sauteed steak cubes. It is so delicious! Other dishes that I have tried here has also been excellent. I love ordering their family dinner specials as well; they have huge portions and you leave full and satisfied.This place is beautiful. In a quite neighborhood. The food selections are great. I ordered bun Bo hue and had 7 other people with me.  I went at grand opening week. The owners of this place have an existing restaurant. So, I thought the food would be the same. For me personally, I think the the food was not as authentic as their other restaurant. The food is ok. Could be more flavoriful. It's a Vietnamese restaurant and it should taste more Vietnamese. Lol. Hate to say that because I love their other place. I guess it's catering to a different crowd.While South Philly is hardly hurting for Vietnamese restaurants, most of them are congregated about ten blocks west on Washington, so Mekong River pushes the geography eastward--a welcome addition to Pennsport, which feels a bit like Philly's version of Hell's Kitchen and could use the new blood. 
The place itself has a nice sleek modernist vibe, and an extensive menu (270 or so numbered items!). For my first visit today, I went for the ca kho to, catfish in a clay pot--nicely spiced and proportioned, so kudos on that. The cafe sua da left me as jittery as a bad Talking Heads knock-off, but I guess that's the point, so win there, too. Attentive service, hell, even an attractive menu . . . I'm sold.The Owner of this place move to Huong Tram located on 1601 Washington Ave. which is inside. Parking sucks a little bit, but the food is great!Very satisfied with my meal! Good portion size (honestly too big- come hungry).  Attentive and quick service.  Ambiance is very classy.The food here is alright. Big portions, but however some of the food lacks. It doesn't lack much though. The best part of this spot is the interior design of the restaurant. It is clean and relatively very easy to spot the restaurant since it's the only one of its kind on the block. They try to do a Cambodian and Vietnamese themed restaurant and it shows. I got the luc lac (lok lak) with rice and the meat was very good. However, the lime black pepper dressing was very salty. When I say salty, I mean VERY salty.
Try the spot out for yourself.We have been to lots of Vietnamese places in Philly (from S. Philly to Chinatown) and I have to say, this is my new favorite in the South Philly area. I normally get the vermicelli with grilled pork and spring rolls because the pork here is so sweet and delicious! The spring rolls are pretty good, too. The hubby gets the vermicelli that has everything in it and really likes it as well.
The service is pretty standard. Not great, quick service like I'm used to at Pho Cali in Chinatown, but I don't need much. 
I think what I like the most about this place is that it feels more like a real restaurant than all the others I've been to. There aren't a thousand people on staff, there aren't a thousand tables to flip, and the food is less-rushed than those places (you know, when you order and the food comes out the door five seconds later!). 
Parking is also a breeze in this area compared to the nightmare that surrounds Nam Phuong on 11th & Washington!
Special Note: Full bar, decent beer list, comfy boothsFor the most part, the best pho and Viet food you can get in Philly that's not cooked by my mom or someone else's mom.  (Why can't Viet restaurants live up to the Mom standards?)  The place is nicely decorated and clean.  The staff is nice, although they sometimes don't remember what you ordered and don't get the order right.  Try their avocado shake.Great food... very clean and nicely done decor! Love the bar area and the service was good! My new Vietnamese Spot for sure!I'm really excited about having Mekong River in the neighborhood.   Have been there twice now and enjoyed both meals.
I stick to seafood and veggie dishes and everything I've had so far has been delicious.  The menu is large and perhaps for someone like me who has only had Vietnamese food a couple of times, a bit daunting.
The food was light and not greasy and the service attentive.  Love the space too.I love the food here and the service is great. It's your standard Vietnamese restaurant but I think the quality of food here is a little better than some of the others in the area. Some of the best items that I have ordered here are their lemongrass vermicelli, their clay pot dishes and their pork chop is amazing!  They also have a bar with very reasonably priced drinks! The location also makes if really easy for parking whether on the street or under 95.Great service, great space and great food! The pho is awesome, but our noodles for the Pad Thai were over done.I went there with my husband on Friday evening.  They did a great job of remodeling the place although I'm not a fan of the booths (the benches are not secured to the floor/wall so they shift around--kind of disconcerting when someone is sitting on the other side of the bench).  We ordered papaya salad with beef jerky, shrimp paste on sugar cane, crispy noodles with chicken and vegetables, and pork spareribs with salt and pepper.  All the food was excellent, especially the pork spareribs which sounded a little boring on the menu but was the best thing they brought out.  The place still has opening night jitters.  We brought our own beer and they brought us cups with ice in it (?).  The service was friendly but very unpolished.  The place is trying to be more upscale Vietnamese but still has the "washington avenue" feel--bus boy rolling through the middle of the restaurant with dirty dish containers, a lot of the staff just standing around chatting or leaning against the bar, the manager looming without doing anything particularly helpful, the server forgetting to take our order, etc...  I worry about what it would be like if it gets really busy which I imagine it will since the food is really quite good.  Go now before people discover this place!Was here for a baby shower, decent food & good service. The decor and ambience is better than most pho spots. 
The highlight of the meal was the grilled stuffed grape leaves.Come here often, and the servers will be sure to remember you. The service is a little eh, (sometimes you have to flag them over to tell them you're ready to order) but they really are sweet!  Pho here is delish along with the summer rolls and the tea they serve you is just as good. Mekong River is very clean and visually appealing unlike a lot of the other pho places I have been to. Their bar is also really appealing too! In the mood for dessert here..order the flan!Great Vietnamese food.The Pho is real good.Never a bad meal whenever I've ordered. The tamarind wings are very good.This place is a real gem...chicken salad is to die for, chopped perfectly topped with well cooked chicken and the dressing is light and tasty...Won ton soup broth is very tasty, and the wontons are light and very delicate...if you order the soup to go...they put all the ingredients in a separate box so you can add them to the hot broth when you get home...now that's attention to detail...one more thing...we save what ever broth is left and add cooked frozen dumplings to it the next day.I love Mekong River! The atmosphere and decor are gorgeous and its just very warm and inviting there. 
I had spring rolls and crispy noodles with chicken and vegetables. The portion of noodles and chicken were enough to feed me for 2 days and I spent around $15 for my whole meal, including tip.
The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive of my questions. I love it here!Love this place great to order out or eat in. Very nice inside with a cool atmosphere. I always get pho Thai and it's amazing every time!
I went in recently when it was really cold to pick up some pho, they forgot to make half of my call in order (totally not their fault, I'm lost when it comes to ordering pho) so they gave me some hot tea while I sat at the bar and waited. They're so sweet there!!Appetizers were yummy, and fresh! Took a while to get our drinks. I was disappointed in my meal, however I ordered something new to me and guess I shouldn't have. Boyfriend liked his meal though. It's a really nice place. Will give a try again.Vietnamese food is amazing, and Mekong River fits in! Their Pho Ga soup with chicken was amazing! They are fairly priced and great atmosphere to dine in! Only four stars because their service can be slow. We waited 15 minutes before they asked our beverage order. People who were seated after us, placed their orders before us! Really good food though, to bad service doesn't level up!I can't say enough good things about Mekong.  This is me and the #bae's goto for pho.
The people here are fantastic.  Always happy, always polite - always giving out hot tea and friendly conversation while you wait for food on a cold night.
And the food is fantastic, but that should go without saying. The curry soup (vermicelli noods and lamb) is absolutely top notch. Spicy, tasty, chunks of lamb with plentiful, wonderful fixings.  The standard fare is great, too.
They're always fast, they're appropriately priced, and they're consistent.  I've gone elsewhere for pho (obviously) and I've felt like a doofus each time.  Mekong is the bomb, and I can't see any reason why I'll go anywhere else for pho anytime soon.This place is nice inside - spacious and clean. The staff was nice and food times were good.  We ordered the summer rolls (goi cuon), Viet crepe (banh xeo) sans pork, stir fries rice noodle with chicken (hu tieu xao ga), and soda egg drink (soda hot ga).  The crepe was good: the ratio of mung bean to the rest of the ingredients was just right, as opposed to being too much, which makes for a powdery texture. The summer rolls were decent: I wish there was more mint in it, instead of just lettuce.  The noodles were ok _ a little extra greasy, but the flavor was decent.  We will def b coming back to try the other items on the menu....check back,I'll keep u posted :)The pho here is flavorless and the noodles are of a strange consistency. The same noodles were in the summer rolls - I can only describe them as dry and tough compared to the usual spriny-ness that rice noodles have. I came here on Friday and am going back to Pho Ha Saigon tonight because this place just didn't hit the craving spot I needed it to.
Also - weird note - the booth is VERY far from the table, like uncomfortable far and I know that I personally am one that always sits on the edge of a chair and doesn't use the backrest. I feel bad for those who do...Food was well proportioned and ok tasting. I ordered the shrimp cupcakes as the appetizer, chicken pho and my friend had the vermicelli with grilled grape leaves and sausage.  It tasted just like avg viet food, it was quite expensive at $40 for 2 pple. I can go to pho Saigon down the street for the same price and get spring rolls on top of what we ordered. All in all, just ok.We've eaten here three times since we moved into Center City in August. The first time we had their family special, and it was good enough to get us to return for dinner on another night. The second time we had Pho. Very tasty. Also Shrimp buns which were quite good.
The third time we took out of town family members for lunch the day after Thanksgiving -- the Pho was very weak. Perhaps it needed to cook longer, and that's why it's much better at night.This place is great! Prices are reasonable, food is tasty and presentations are quite impressive! Stumbled upon this restaurant on a run and it has become a stable in my Asian cuisine in south Philly!  
Highly recommended, for dinner or just a causal meal.I have never had a bad meal here!!! #206 all day long!!!!! Whenever I come to the city this is my go to spot. The service is friendly and fast and the prices are very reasonable. It is good for large parties!!!So I've sampled most of the Viet places in the area and I have to say, I was quite impressed by this new establishment.  In the past, my favorite places were Le Viet and Nam Phuong.  Recently though, it seems like there was a mass exodus of both cooks and waiters from Nam Phuong.  The food just isn't quite the same there and it looks like that establishment is going downhill.
Luckily, if you're familiar with the former staff at Nam Phuong, you'll find some familiar faces at Mekong River.  They're attentive to detail and make sure you're happy as a customer.  It's always nice chatting with those guys and finding out that they're much happier with the ambiance of this new establishment.  Also, I found out that many of the chefs have also emigrated from Nam Phuong to this place.
One of the most striking things about Mekong River is the space.  With a rich wood interior, they've managed to create an intimate atmosphere that feels homey, personal, and clean without that chintzy feeling you get at a lot of other Vietnamese places.  What's also a nice touch is the separation of spaces; not something that pops out immediately, if you pay attention, you'll notice.  The section along the wall as you walk in is slightly elevated and additionally separated from the adjacent spaces by mini-walls.  I can only imagine that if capacity ever reaches full, this layout will help maintain some of that intimacy.
The food is actually pretty good, at least considering I only tried a handful of things.  Try it for yourself; I had quite a different experience than some of the other people here.  You might disagree with me, but I think it's at least worth a try.  Sure the menu isn't that adventurous, but uhhh let's be serious, if I'm going to a Vietnamese restaurant for food, I don't want any fusion crap.  I want good solid staples.  The Goi Thom Thit (papaya shrimp and meat salad) appetizer was pretty good.  Some places have a tendency of overdoing the seasoning/dressing in addition to the fish sauce on the side.  I thought they did a good job of balancing this out.  In addition, the fried onions aren't something you always find on this dish and I personally felt like it personalized and enhanced the dish.  I got the Bun Dac Biet and it was as good as I have had it.  While generally standard, the addition of Nem Chua to the dish gave it a unique spin that other places don't give you.  And they Banh Cuon even has a unique twist that stays traditional, yet unique.  Banh Cuon often comes with Banh Cong (a muffin-like thing with shrimp on the top).  But sort of like the Seinfeld episode on muffin tops, the real reason you eat Banh Cong is for the crispy top.  At least for me, that's the case.  At Mekong River, that's basically what they give you.  Crispy, shrimpy goodness.  
I'm pretty happy I came and I look forward to trying out the other dishes (other important staples, like pho or hu thieu).  It'll be important that they get these right, but so far so good...I've been to Mekong twice, first visit was not so hot, average food but rather strange service. We had a medley of wait staff serving us at random times. More positive second experience, we had the dinner for two option which was a mountain of excellent Vietnamese treats. Our waiter was friendlier and more consistent this time. I'm not dying to go back, but I'd definitely consider it. Huge menu and ample seating. Added bonus, if you sit outside you'll see a lot of dogs passing with the vet located next door.Solid food, clean facilities and great service at Mekong River.
We always go for the standard pho, the vermicelli noodles with the barbecued pork and I wash it down with some of that Vietnamese ice coffee that oh so hits the spot.  We had some family visit and we ordered this crispy noodle dish with veggies on top and it was so tasty, we ordered a second dish of the stuff.My boyfriend and I came for lunch yesterday and had a wonderful time. I loved their pad Thai with tofu. It was one of the best I've ever had! Super sweet is how it's supposed to be! So many places have it bitter and salty. I don't like it that way at all. The taro smoothie was excellent as well! I definitely recommend this place!I've been here a couple of times and its been an up and down experience. We ate at the restaurant the first time and had take out the second time around. 
The pho was subpar. The main attraction of pho is its soup base. Unfortunately, their soup was bland. I needed a lot of sriracha and hoisin sauce to give it some flavor. 
I ordered the Bún Bò Hue the second time around as take out. I recommend this over their pho because the soup has a lot more flavor and is spicy (if you're looking for some kick). But I told them I wanted the pho noodles and to replace the pig's blood with meatballs but they failed to do so. They kept the original noodles (which are thicker and shorter than pho noodles) and they replaced the pig's feet (best part of the dish) with meatballs. 
Overall, this is a nice vietnamese family restaurant. It is not the best but is certainly not the worse. You just have to make sure that they completely understand your order if you choose to change it.We've been back here several times since my first review, and the pho has been rich and flavorful each time, so I have bumped it up to 4 stars. The Banh, which is a noodle, protein and veggie dish with a wonderfully seasoned sauce, is addictive. In a neighborhood where there is no shortage of Vietnamese restaurants, this one stands out.In America, only restaurants serving cuisine from an Asian country can get away with naming themselves after a river. Would you eat at "Schuylkill Grill" or "Delaware Bistro"? Mekong River is yet another new Vietnamese restaurant in Philadelphia, located in a freshly-built, two-story building near Washington Avenue on Front Street. Right next to a state-of-the-art animal ER. The interior is spacious and cleanly decored. Like its counterpart La Viet on 11th Street, there is a bar with TVs. 
The friendly server (an owner perhaps?) greeted me as if he already knew me (I've never been there before). So, clearly, I was not the first brown man of similar age to dine at Mekong. Being accustomed to spring rolls the size of my pinky and usually fried, Mekong's rolls were surprisingly fresh, large, full of vegetables, and tasty when dipped in the peanut sauce. For the main course, I had the Tofu with Lemongrass Sauce while friend Steve ordered Pad Thai. The lemongrass flavor was excessively strong, which ruined the meal, even with copious amounts of rice. Steve reportedly "liked" his Pad Thai, which was a surprisingly lukewarm response given he had ridden the Wissahickon Trail for hours earlier in the day. With that amount of exercise, he would have found gravel to be delectable. He must have been distracted by his Russian mail order girlfriend situation.
So if you're thinking about exploring the mighty Mekong River, go for a dip -- you might like it. As for me, my next Vietnamese meal will be at La Viet.The two of us ate our way through Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand in January, and upon returning were disappointed in some of our favorite Viet restaurants because we'd just eaten (and learned how to cook) the real thing.  And then Mekong River opened, and it was like being in Saigon all over again. Very fresh, perfectly prepared and very reasonably priced dishes exactly the way we had them in the Mekong Delta.
Standouts were the summer rolls, so simple that only a master can create them; the Goi Ga Tuoi chicken salad, worth a trip just for this; and for me, the Bún Tht Nng Ch Giò rice vermicelli bowl, perfectly crunchy and bursting with authentic flavor.
The first time we went, we had one app (the summer rolls) and one entree apiece. Total tab, $21. We expected their prices to go up once their liquor license went into effect, but nope, still ridiculously reasonable.I used to go there all the time. It's was really my fav place (because of the food) until one time when I got a waiter who was being very sarcastic at me when delivering my food. Yes they do have good food but very rude and ignorant waiter.Came across this place by accident and I'm totally glad that I did! The chicken pho is wonderful and such a generous portion that you could easily just eat that for dinner! However, the crispy wontons are so delicious that I'd rather get both! The ambiance is great, servers are attentive and restaurant is very clean and inviting!Have to say I am a fan of this place. Clean, looks new, and the servers are friendly, helpful, and attentive. Prices are excellent for the quality and quantity of food. I consider this a hidden neighborhood gem. If you like Vietnamese food, this is a very good place to go.This place is my family's new go-to for Vietnamese noodles. I get the grilled chicken vermicelli bowl almost every time because it's so consistently delicious. My daughter's hooked on the crispy rice noodles and tofu. The place is more upscale than most S. Philly Vietnamese joints & spotless.Hands-down, best Vietnamese food in Philly. The food is authentic, the staff---very friendly and polite, this is our favorite restaurant for family outings.Came here for the first time with a friend last week and I'm not exactly sure how I feel about this place. The food was ok. It's not the best Viet food I've ever had. It's actually not even close, but the service was really good. They also have a very large menu which is always a plus esp for going out with lots of people who are in the moods for different things.
Started with this shrimp wrapped in a tofu shell and some quail. The ground shrimp thing tasted really funny to me. It had these big chunks of crunchy veggie inside that made it taste funny. Wasn't a huge fan of that. The quail on the other hand was really good! It was moist and flavored pretty well.
For dinner she had Bun Bo Hue (vietnamese spicy noodle soup) and I had Bun Rieu Cua (Crab and Pork Noodle soup). Both were lacking flavor in their broth, but it was decent. 
For drinks, I had pickled lemon in water and she had an avacado shake. She didn't say much about the shake so I think it was good..????. I thought my drink needed more flavor (like the lemons needed to be pickled longer) bc it tasted too much like just plain water to me.
As for decor, it's actually a pretty nice place. You walk in and it's very spacious with a large bar. I don't think they serve alcohol yet, but it should probably get busy once they get their liquor license.One of my favorite local restaurants..  clean, friendly waiters, large menu and relaxed atmosphere.  Great for families and there is outdoor seating!  The food is reasonably priced.  Abundant parking in the area.Great food, clean restaurant, and even better service! I've always been partial to Pho 75, but the chicken pho at Mekong is THE BEST in the city. I'd venture to say it's the best I've ever had. Also, the coffee is to die for!This new location is great!  We had a nice lunch, and were able to have great conversation without being bothered by the typical weekday bustle of center city.  The pho was about the 2nd or 3rd best I've had in the city so far. I think it was the first time I had to ask for a to go bag at a pho place, since there was just too much to eat! The helping of brisket and rib eye in the bowl was probably enough to make a cheesesteak! hahahaha  We also got the spring rolls that were unique, but good.  And the tea!!!  It has this floral taste that I couldn't quite figure out, but it was as addictive as pretzel bites at the ghettoview theater.
Definitely going back soon.This is one of our favorite date spots. Not just because the food is good and comes out quickly. The service is there when we need it. If we don't call a server over we are left alone to enjoy ourselves and our meal. This time I got ba vi, which is a large wrapping dish including shrimp, beef, noodles wrapped in lettuce or thin rice paper. My BF got the bun bo hue, which was also very yummy. Just not so much on the spicy side, so it worked out for him. Will I come back, definitely! Was it filling and worth the price. I would say so, I even had enough to bring home!Great food. Great prices. Fast service. Love the broken rice dishes. Will come back again!We are so happy to have Mekong River in the neighborhood. Wait staff is very friendly and the food is exceptional. I highly recommend this restaurant.Hey I really liked this restaurant.  It has a good vibe and a friendly staff.  And the food was very good which after all is the main purpose I gave it a try.  There was one totally outstanding dish here that I have to give props to.  That is the Goi Ga Tuoi (Chicken Salad).  It's the best Chicken Salad I have eaten ... period.  I also liked the Thit Nurong Cuon - these charbroiled pork rolls could be addictive. Had both of these generous portioned apps before the entree came  which basically caused most of the entree to accompany me home for a little zapping tomorrow evening.
The staff smiled instantly when I walked in the door.  i was smiling on my way out!Amazing food! Wonton soup was the best I ever had, very clean tasting not greasy at all! Most places spring rolls are all wrapper and not a lot of filling these were packed and delicious. My 19 month old loves every single thing she ate(soup, vermicelli bowl, fried rice) and my 9 year old loves their meat Pork rolls. You get a ton of homemade cooking for cheap. My new favorite placeThree things that ticked me off:
1. Waiter was annoyingly impatient whilst we were ordering. When we finished he made a comment that it was a lot of food for three people. We should had taken this opportunity to cancel a couple of items as everything came out unsatisfactory. 
2. Appetizer came out after entree & not all entrees came out together either. It seemed as though they just brought out what they finished first, not caring if we each had to sit & watch the other eat for most of the meal. No apologies were made when food was brought out late. 
3. The food definitely had a lysol taste to it like everyone else said. Especially the shrimp!  
The highly pretentious atmosphere did very little to mask the mediocre service and food.I tried this place with a friend visiting from out of town. I wanted to take them somewhere with good Vietnamese food AND nice ambiance...this place hit the spot! Clean and pretty, good food with quick service. I'll be back.awesome service, ice coffee taste bitter and sweet, just rightI have to preface this review with the fact that I have never eaten Vietnamese food before and am far from an expert. What I experienced at Mekong River was good food, prompt service, and a relaxed atmosphere steps from my house.  So far, we have eaten there twice and enjoyed it both times.  I finally got the hand of how to eat the rolls with the server's help!   The menu is huge, so for me it's always a tough call on what to get, especially being new to this type of food.get the number 174. it is amazing. and i eat it like three times a month. not even joking.Vietnamese food on the Washington strip is not hard to come by. 
Vietnamese food in a setting that is clean and welcoming is.
Mekong River is my for sure, go-to spot for Phò, vermicelli, and any other delicious Vietnamese fare (though not Banh mi, which is fine). 
The staff is amiable- I don't need to be hugged by waitstaff. I'm secure enough in my life where I'll be ok with a nod and an arm guiding which direction to go.
The menu is a combination of pictures and numbered options which is helpful for many people.
Appetizers are unique- though mostly fried. I adore their summer rolls with shrimp. Get them. Eat them. NOMS!!!!
I order vermicelli every time, and my love/dining companion orders the phò, so we share and are always so happy and full  when we leave. 
One star removed because bean sprouts are in everything. But I should know to ask for my meal without them shouldn't I?I'm really happy with the food and service at Mekong River - I've taken family and friends here for Vietnamese food and they've all loved it. The food is fresh, comes with lots of basil, carrots and radishes, and is always served quickly. I love the smoothies/shakes and soda chahn!
Some favorites include the spring/summer rolls, rice vermicelli dishes, and Bo Luc Lac. Sometimes my family even asks me to bring food from here when I visit them in northern NJ...Been her twice in the past week or so.  Both times weekday mornings, right around opening.  Solid place.  Had the deluxe pho.  The broth was a touch bland.  I've had better, but it was still pretty good overall.  Also had the spring rolls.  Again, good, but not the best I've ever had.  We also tried the duck salad, which was mostly shredded cabbage topped with duck and a sauce on the side.  The duck itself was okay, maybe slightly overdone.  I'm always disappointed when duck doesn't have a crispy skin, which this did not.  The waiter also forgot our drinks.  I had to ask for them after he cleared our appetizers.  He did apologize profusely, but its not as if the place was busy, with maybe 3 other tables occupied.
Second visit I had the summer rolls with shrimp, the chicken wings with tamarind sauce, and chicken congee.  Summer rolls were pretty standard and good.  I asked for the wings to be very spicy, but I barely detected any heat (aside from the wings themselve being burning hot temperature-wise).  They were also way too sweet.  I got them after reading a review of this place that raved about them.  I was underwhelmed. The chicken congee could have used a touch more salt, but that's just my personal preference.  It was pretty much just what I was expecting, and very satisfying.  My dining companion ordered the sweet and sour shrimp soup for two, which came with a side of rice.  It was way too sweet, with a strange cinammon-nutmeg-y taste, and not sour enough.  Would not order that again.
The place is big, spacious, clean, and has an extensive menu.  Some misses, but pretty good standards.  I'd come back again for sure, especially once they get their liquor license.What a disappointment. I was so looking forward to eating at this restaurant. The stuffed grape leaves were terrible. Had I not been starving, I would have sent them back. Following my appetizer, I sat for 25 minutes waiting for my entrée. When I questioned the waiter, he said "oh, we were waiting for you to finish your appetizer". I looked at him and said do I look like a moron? I finished my appetizer over 20 minutes ago! Then he said he would have it prepared immediately. By this point, I had lost my appetite, and that was the end of thatI've been looking forward to going to Mekong River since it opened and finally made the trip today.  I was most definitely not disappointed.  I'm not an expert in Vietnamese food by any means.  In fact, I've only had Vietnamese once before and wasn't wild about it.  The experience here however has changed my mind about the food and I'm now on board 100%. 
First of all, the service here is excellent.  Very friendly and informative.  The waiters speak English well and are personable and attentive.  For the time being this place is a byob and they are quick to offer a bucket to chill wine/beer.  Once they do get their license their prices for drinks looked very reasonable.  In addition to the eventual drink prices looking reasonable, the menu prices are also very reasonable.  $3 appetizer, $8-$10 entrees...does it get any better than that? 
As for the food, it was very very very good.  I would give it 6 stars if I could.  We started with a shrimp spring roll.  I expected it to be lightly fried however it was not, but rather a cooked shrimp and vermicelli on the inside with a rice wrapped outside and a peanut dipping sauce.  It was really good. For entrees my wife had the shrimp pad thai and i have the chicken with eggplant and black bean sauce.  Both were excellent.  The pad thai was different that the typical Thai style pad thai, but actually much better.  It had a thin vermicelli style noodle with a very tasty but not overpowering sauce.  The shrimp cooked in with it tasted fresh and nicely cooked.  It also had bits of fried tofu that will alter any preconceived misconceptions about tofu being anything but delicious.
The chicken with eggplant and black bean sauce was equally good.  Nice white meat chicken and a delicious sauce.  I was a bit nervous that the quality of the meat would be subpar and ruin the dish, but it was top notch and really good. 
The decor of the restaurant is very nice but simple.  I wouldnt say there is much about it that gives it a Vietnamese feel but the place is beautiful so who would complain. 
Overall, it is a great place with excellent food, excellent service, and good prices.  I'll be back...then I'll be back again...then I'll be back again...then I'll be back again...you get the point.One of the best restaurants ever. Whatever the reason for the closing, it should be fixed and reopened. I think the main problem was the process where a bit too low for what could have been charged. A really amazing entree with this kind of ambience for $8.95? Kind of unheard of. Bottom line, if they charged $11.95, it might have helped there success. Charging too little for such superior food is supportive to the public but self deprecating as an owner and business.
I sincerely hope they can reopen under the same ownership with a slightly higher price. If I was wealthy, I'd find the owner and back him to reopen.
Food was sick amazing. Ambience was spot on. Service was comforting, genuine, friendly.Best Vietnamese food I've ever had! Here on business trip and our first night in town we asked a cop for recommendations, and she told us this was the hot spot. We walked in thirty minutes before close and they still had the food hot and fresh, and even allowed us to wait inside for our cab, long after they had closed. Very nice waiter, good service and very affordable food. We got two appetizers and two dishes and after tip it was only $40!! You want good Vietnamese cuisine? Come here.