I've always wanted to try this place out. It always has a huge line. But it luckily moves fairly quickly.
We ordered the combo meal: sandwich paired with soup.
The Brielle sandwich was so gooey and melty packed with cheese & cranberry chutney. I liked the sweetness to every bite. It gives the sandwich a change in the usual cheesiness. Served warm, crunchy on the outside and smooth inside with a side of kettle potato chips.
The tomato soap was average. But it does cleanse the palate every so often midst the sandwich bites! I probably will opt out the soup next time.
Definitely a comfort / cheat day food. If you're a grilled cheese fan, you must try this place out for yourself!!Great grilled cheese and soup spot
Make there own cheeses
Skillfully crafted homeade potato chips
Mozzarella made on prem
30+ different kinds of olives and marinated veggies
Great spot in the reading terminalDelicious grilled cheese!! Took a while-- but they make everything to order!! Very heavy... but it's grilled cheese!! Could not be tastier, definitely satisfied my craving!Can you say "ArtisanGrilledCheeseOnCrack!?" A great find among a gross abundance of Reading Terminal Market eateries! We split the Highly recommended Valley Thunder: cheddar,brisket AND baked macaroni! YUM! Accoutrements incl hot tomato soup and Kale and Fennel cole slaw. Washed downwith, ypu guessed it, tap water. LOL.  Lunch for 2 for $15bucks. #BOOMVisited this place in November (2014) but realized I didn't write a review....I had the classic grilled cheese sandwich and it was very (very) good!  Bread had a nice crunch to it and it was super cheesy....I also enjoyed the rosemary chips they throw on the side. Definitely will go back and try another menu item.Awsome store everything maid in the store is maid at there own farms all  the food is great and the costumer service is great wish they more stores like this in the city. Highly recommend to anyone.Quick lunch here at Meltkraft. Picked the traditional grilled cheese and had them add carmelized onions, roasted tomato, and truffle oil. It was excellent. My husband had the Melter Skelter, which he liked except that the watercress was to stringy. The dill pickle chips were good too. I would definitely return for some more when back in the area.Haven't had grilled cheese in years. Boy was I glad I went back!   Melty cheese on crisp bread with flavored chips and tart pickled tomatoes.  YUMMmmmmm......Meltkraft!  This is one of the best additions to Reading Terminal Market.  We are locals who love to venture to Meltkraft to curb our grilled cheese craving.  Their selections bring the best of ingredients and flavors together with their delicious homemade cheese.  The results will beat any Philly cheesesteak in this city, hands down.  If you're in the area, it's worth the time to check them out!I ordered the Melter Skelter with caramelized onion (+$1.25) and garlic rub (+$0.85), and without jalapeño and picked green tomatoes. I substituted the roasted tomato for the pickled green tomatoes (no additional charge). I was so excited to taste raclette style cheese, and it was delicious! However, I was a little unsatisfied with the scarcity of caramelized onion in the sandwich.. I barely tasted any. The potato chips that come with the sandwich have a unique seasoning, kind of tastes like fennel / mild salt & vinegar. I also ordered the kale and fennel cole slaw- delicious and definitely a must try!Thanks to Yelp, I gave Meltkraft (Valley Shepherds Creamery) a shot. Glad I did. Excellent grilled cheese sandwich & soup. I got The Classic grilled cheese w/bacon (comes w/chips) and a small cup of roasted tomato soup. Even after the sandwich cooled, the cheese was gooey and stringy. Will return here on my next trip to Philly and The Reading Terminal Market.Whenever I'm in town, I make it a point to stop by Meltkraft to satisfy my craving for the good juicy melty goodness of their sandwiches. From the first bite - funky goodness of the gruyere, acidic crunch of the cornichon, the salty savory of the ham, and of course the soft buttery grilled panini bread... This place is a winner for anyone with an itch to scratch that can only be satisfied by cheesy sandwiches, whether it's a classic grilled cheese or something a little bit gourmet. *finger kisses* deliciosio! Will come back again and again and again and ... again.Was looking for a cheap spot for lunch when I was downtown, and this place was suggested. I am a big fan of grilled cheese sandwiches, so this place was hopefully up my alley. I got in a pretty lengthy line during the late afternoon. Luckily, the line was able to move fast! I decided to order a Valley of Thunder sandwich for 8.75 with chips. The sandwich was very cheesy, and I dug the shortrib. The chips were also a good side for a sandwich like this. This is definitely a good lunch spot if you don't mind being in the hectic spot of the Reading Terminal.I've been to specialty grilled cheese shops before but what stands out about MeltKraft is their emphasis on cheese. 
Their cheese comes from the Valley Shepard Farm. While I won't pretend to know more about this farm, I appreciate that the cheese is coming from one, fresh source and isn't just any random collaboration of cheeses from a distribution center. If you are not familiar with Reading Terminal Market, like myself, look up Valley Shepard Farm in the directory; you won't see a standalone listing for MeltKraft. 
The Sunday afternoon of my visit, there was no line and ordering was easy cheesy (like that sentence). I was able to order and get my Ave D. or Shepard's Classic within minutes of ordering. I also had to go with the tomato soup for dipping, and a sparkling lemonade. The staff was very friendly, and helped me with my qualifying parking validation ticket. 
The sandwich was all about the cheese. It was served a simple white bread that was panini pressed with a nice buttery toast to it. It was literally there to sandwich all of the gooey, cheesy goodness. I'm not sure what the exactly made up the three-cheese blend but it was good. The tomato soup was simply classic. Nothing fancy, but hit the spot. The kettle chips were a nice touch. I also split the Red White and Green with Michelle K. This one was mozzarella, spinach and tomato. If I thought mine was oozing in cheese, this one take the (cheese)cake. It was a battle for the mozzarella to stay put in the sandwich, but it was so worth it to hunt it down. 
Thanks for reading my super cheesy review about grilled cheese.I am an avid fan of tomato soup and grilled cheese. It is definitely one of my top 3 favorite meals. So when I found out Reading Terminal had a craft-grilled cheese shop, I knew I had to give it a try. They have many options to choose from and combos you can order. I ordered the classic grilled cheese with a side of their tomato-fennel soup. The grilled cheese was soooo cheesy, which I love and the tomato soup was good, but not the best tomato soup I've had. I would come back and try another grilled sandwich and maybe try out the tomato soup again.Should not be missed if you are at Reading Terminal Market!! I am in love with the Valley Thunder, which stretches the idea of a grilled cheese sandwich and makes it something even better. Do yourself a favor and try them outI loooove grilled cheese sandwiches and I really love Meltkraft.  Each sandwich comes out to perfect golden gooey perfection.  They are super quick.  For example, I needed to catch my train in less than 10 minutes. I proceeded to mention this before placing my order and the cashier says, "Oh, it'll definitely be ready in 2 minutes."  The cashiers and cooks at this location are always friendly.  The service is very quick.  Also, chips come with the sandwich in the same box.  The seasoning on the chips is really tasty (like a malty vinegar sour cream and onion combination of sorts).  Stop at this place when you are in the area.  You will not regret it!This is my favorite place to grab a bit at Reading Terminal.  I honestly make a beeline for it in the back of the market as soon as I arrive.  My favorite grilled cheese sandwich there is the Brielle, which is brie, cranberry chutney, car analyzed onions and pine nuts on brioche.  It comes with potato chips on the side.  It is so delicious!  I definitely recommend trying this place out.  And you can also get your parking validated if you park in the garage across the street and spend at least $10 at Reading.The valley thunder is the most amazing thing anyone has come up with... holly cow this place is unbelievably awesome. .. not to mention my favorite food is grilled cheese. They deserve an award for this place. The cashier was also hilarious.. very friendly staff.. the machines they make the grilled cheeses in are very neat too!The Shepherd Classic is my go to. Valley Thunder is awesome too but whew, it's a lot! I believe the chips are homemade, they're so good. They have a little bit of a salt & vinegar taste which I generally hate but it's pretty light so I actually like them.Kraft singles grilled cheese sandwiches were an instrumental part of my upbringing.  One could even say that I was raised by them.  While my palate has since been refined, there are some things that don't change.  Like a love of melted cheese.
The Brielle sandwich is melted brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onion perfection.  Great combo of sweet and savory that I'm sure would make 8-year-old Shauna endlessly proud of Shauna today.
If you aren't into melted cheese (who are you?!?), the Fresh Mozz is also an excellent choice.As a cheese/grilled cheese fan, I love their grilled cheese menu!  Tried the Valley Thunder (brisket), which was amazing. Will have to come back (as my diet allows) to try them all.Honestly, the fresh mozz sandwich is one of the reasons I can never leave Philly. I go there so often I'm pretty sure they recognize me.
Get the dill potato chips instead of regular kettle (if they have them) for maximum yum. Freshest mozzarella I've ever had, and most perfectly seasoned tomatoes on nice crusty bread.... dear god.
Also have had pretty delicious seasonal specials and the Brielle sandwich. Very tasty, but try the fresh mozz first! Only bad experience was when I ordered a sandwich with watercress on it having never tried watercress before, only to learn that I don't like it. That's my own fault though.
Heard they were opening up a Rittenhouse location and I really hope they do. All hail MeltkraftI was hungover after a night on the town. This was a great pick me up. I needed something significant and ended up getting the Valley Thunder. It was AWESOME. They also give you dill kettle cooked chips on the side. I got root beer as a drink and it was a great addition to the meal, plus free refills! I've been to reading terminal market countless times and I'm glad I finally gave these guys a try!I'm a huge fan of grilled cheese. It's something I never let go of after childhood. Cheesy, I know.
This place doesn't have the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had, but it's pretty close. My boyfriend and I ordered the valley thunder grilled in duck fat. The duck fat taste was pretty light, so I'm not entirely sure if I'd say it's worth it, but it's unique. I will give it that.So delicious, sandwich melted in my mouth. The staff was friendly and professional and gave great suggestions. The food was amazing and I can't wait to go back. The cheese was amazing and the blends were like no other I've had.Decent grilled cheese. Had the valley thunder with bacon. Honestly it didn't taste all that special, but was good for what it was. It was also super greasy as to be expected. 
Ordering online and picking up was a breeze. 
One point to note: There were super nice people working the counter. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 5 Stars
Wait Time = 4 StarsGrilled cheeses made by the creamery that owns the shop. I had the Valley Thunder - 12 month aged cheddar with brisket and homemade Mac & Cheese. It was fantastic!Heard so much about this place and was glad to finally be able to try it for lunch.
We got 3 sandwiches for takeout, I called ahead and the food was ready by the time I walked over (15 minutes).
Checkout was quick and easy, although there was a 5 person line for sandwiches.  Left for sandwiches, right for the cheese.
The menu was extensive and had a wide range of meat/cheese options.  I got the brisket grilled cheese with a 12oz tomato soup.
The sandwich was very tasty, the meat was grilled to perfection and there was lots of cheese which is great.  However, the sandwich itself was pretty small for almost $9!  It was grilled with a panini press so that may explain the smaller than expected height of the sandwich.  In addition, the food was very greasy so make sure you're not eating in front of your computer or something valuable.
The sandwich came with some home made chips that were 5/5, crispy and just the right amount of salt.
My 12 oz tomato soup was $4 and it was very good, but nothing that special.  It is comparable to the Trader Joe's soup in the carton.
Overall, I'm very glad to have tried this place, but for the price ($13 for sandwich, 12oz soup), I expected more food and slightly higher quality.  
If I was spending $10 on a sandwich, I would probably go down the aisle and goto Salumeria's for some fresh hoagies with great cheese and meats but you get much more food and customizationsthis. shit. is. AMAZING. i usually get the classic (im a vegetarian who hates tomatoes. yes my life sucks) and the cheese is just so damn flavorful!!!! i could just eat a bowl of this cheese. 
i'd appreciate if there were some other side option instead of chips, cause i never eat the chips. i can't think of what would go well with grilled cheese though.... maybe just offer some different chip choices.
anyways, the classic - at about 7 bucks - is pretty much the cheapest lunch you'll get from a fast-casual place in philly, so its a good deal if you find it filling. (which i sometimes don't lol)The best cheese place with the best cheese men/women.  I just wish I had a wider breadth of cheese tastes for my cheese mouth.the girl working the register today appears to be in long need for some time off as you could totally feel her pent-up stress in her passive aggressive tone and snippyness...yelling names for pick-ups in other customers' faces, sarcastically directing people where to line up to order, and snidely telling me there are already napkins in the bag when i took a few....btw, there weren't ANY so i'm glad to have taken "extra". 
otherwise, my order was as expected but not exceptionally tasty...just ok...missing a lil something, mustard perhaps?I stopped in here for, what else, a grilled cheese.   I went with The Shepherd Classic, and while the ingredients appeared to be fairly fresh, I wasn't completely blown away.    The cheese was decent and the bread was ok.  The price was right, but that's about it.  
This is definitely on par with many of the other spots in the Reading Terminal Market, but it's probably not what I would go out of my way for the next time I go to RTM.
Price wise at $7, it was a little pricey for a plain grilled cheese, but I suppose you're paying for the quality ingredients?At first, my heart dropped, like Oh Emm Gee, there is a place solely dedicated to an all time American favorite, child hood favorite, when mom says make it your damn self, favorite "GRILLED CHEESE" say what??? Sidenote: Until I grew up I always called a Cheese Grill, idk why? Haha. I mean we had to do a double take, like what is this place?!!  Anyways, this place is super cute on the inside with pretty pictures of little farm animals, the counter is small and welcoming and right above you view the all glorious menu of grilled cheese sandwiches I never even knew existed. So....I ask, "what would you recommend", the Valley Thunder is the most requested this sandwich...come on man, valley thunder cheddar aged and beef brisket, so glad I rocket launched my diet out the window a few days prior, because I was going to destroy this grilled cheese. The sandwich was pretty good, here is what I like, the creaminess of the cheese, the sharpness, the presentation, the crusty on the outside chewy on the inside bread, it had all the classics. Here is what I would change: more brisket please, it was sooo covered in the cheese I barely noticed it was there.  :(, that bothered me just a little as I crammed the last piece down my throat, so I guess it wasn't too bad. The chips were the last thing I ate, just not my thing. If only.....if only, MeltKraft would open up shop in Anchorage, Alaska *hint *hint, that would make me very happy.Make sure to stop by MeltKraft next time you are at Reading Terminal Market, you will not be disappointed. Having already been a fan of Valley Shepard Creamery cheeses I was excited to see they would also be offering meals at their new outpost. My excitement grew when I read they would be willing to cook their sandwiches in duck fat! I went with the Avenue D which features 3 of the cheeses. The flavors are really interesting and it is not your typical grilled cheese. The duck fat takes it to another level. I didn't really like the chips it came with as they were all broken into small pieces. I went with the salt flavor. Perhaps I would enjoy the dill flavor better should it be available next time. They offer Boylan fountain sodas and sell them in normal sizes. All in all, I think this will be my new sandwich place when I am in the market.Delightful. Red white green was amazing. The thundervalley was okay but has an acidic aftertaste.Great grilled cheese! Got the Somerset (ham, gruyere cheese, jalapenos, mustard) and it was amazing. Need to try them all!People here...they know there cheese! My friends & I bought a variety of cheeses here because we feel in love watching a worker make some fresh mozzarella cheese. If you have any questions, GO TO GRANT! I have never met anyone so in love with their craft & it's so inspiring to see that. TEAM GRANT ALL THE WAY!!!One of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had. Absolutely melt in your mouth delicious. Anyone who's a fan of grilled cheese or sandwiches in general owes it to themselves to check this place out. All of their grilled cheeses are made with specialty or well aged cheeses not the stuff you're going to pick up in the dairy aisle of the grocery store and it definitely shows.One of my favorite places at Reading Terminal Market :-) 
They make their own cheese, and it's so gooey and delicious! I recommend the Hot Topic--although I didn't see it on the menu the second time I came here (it could be seasonal/special). 
I had the Valley Thunder and Toad in the Hole this time. Both were really good; however, I suggest adding jalapenos for an extra kick. It may be a little plainer without it. 
They also have special sodas, so it's not your plain old drink menu.Just go. Order anything and thank me later. Or thank them! Or the glorious cows that produced the melty goodness engulfing your taste buds.Arteries, schmarteries.  The melty cheesy goodness here is worth whatever damage it causes.
Avenue D with tomato.  Hot, melty, buttery deliciousness.  Oh baby.   Yes, I paid $9 for a grilled cheese, and I'd do it again.  In fact, I did do it again, 2 days later.  Bonus: The guys behind the counter were super nice and pretty funny.  
Also: they rotate the potato chip flavors daily.  The BBQ chips were just meh, but the dill chips were outstanding.
Minus 1 star because Reading Terminal Market is awash with tourists and homeless people and delivery guys and the occasional weird smell that distracts from the cheesy awesomeness you're trying to lose yourself in.
Still. I'll be back.YUM- hand-stretched mozz , jersey sun dried tomatoes and prosciutto- in the words of Ina Garten- "How bad can that be??"
Seriously, go here. You wont be disappointed!!!Sometimes, a sandwich is just a sandwich.  Sometimes, on the other hand, a sandwich is a religious experience.
I first had Meltkraft in June of last year.  It's a little tough for me to get to this location, but I happened to be within walking distance during a conference, so I stopped here for lunch.  I ordered the Fresh Mozz sandwich with fresh tomatoes instead of roasted ones.  The friendly food service employee informed me that I would lose a bit of flavor if I got fresh tomatoes, and asked whether I'd like to add garlic oil to that.  I said yes, and would you mind throwing a bit of basil on there, too?  It was no problem.  I can't remember what happened after that.  It all went so fast.  I took a bite of the sandwich, and I lost all touch with reality.
Today, I visited once more with a friend of mine.  I ordered the same thing as before.  Now, I remember it clear as day.  The way the bread crackled as I bit down.  The way the mozzarella pulled itself apart.  The shameful noise that escaped my mouth after that first bite.  About halfway through, I realized that there were tears on my face.  I'm pretty sure I said the shehecheyanu.
Oh, I think the people I went with each time enjoyed their food, too.  Whatever.
Please visit Meltkraft.I will first start by saying I absolutely hate the RTM. I hate how crowded it is, I hate that you cannot move,  I hate the RUDE tourist, and i hate that you cannot get a seat. I really was torn when i heard about MeltKraft because i LOVE grilled cheese so much more then i hate the RTM....I did some research before going like what door to go through to reach my destination quicker(11th & Filbert) if you are curious. I went with a friend so we ordered both the Somerset and the Melter Skelter and split them...They were both unbelievable good. They were soooo cheesy and yummy and very filling...The dill chips are da bomb...Although they certainly were not cheap for lunch it was a little over $10 for Sandwich and a water it was well worth it....Definitely a MUST if you are in the area. I cannot wait to go backMy GOD.
Okay, so Philly is known for the Philly Cheesesteak, and YES, I did try one, so you can't even knick me on that.. BUT. What it should be known for is literally the best grilled cheese I have ever had in my life.
It gets better. Let's discuss the details of this mighty sandwich, shall we? I got the "Red White and Green", which, in comparison to the details of the other sandwiches sounds plain, is in fact a trio of perfection. This sandwich had fresh mozzarella (That they spin daily. DAILY!), freshly grilled tomatoes (with garlic), and baby spinach. Repeat after me... PERFECTION.
Anyways, the sandwich is quick to be made, the ingredients are extremely fresh and have a wonderful taste, and the workers are friendly! What more can you ask for? 
C'est fantastique.I should have looked at Yelp before going here... I originally read abuot this in Philly Weekly and wanted to go there.  Stopped in and noticed there wasn't much of a wait at all but still busy for a Sunday afternoon.
Ordered the Valley Thunder based purely on the review in the article and my anticipation for an awesome, mind-blowing sandwich.  What we received was a really good grilled cheese with some unforgettable fillers.  The Valley Thunder, named so for one of their cheeses they produce at their farm, consists of the namesake cheese, brisket, mac n cheese and a slather of BBQ sauce, then griddled as every grilled cheese should, with butter.
The sandwich itself, texture and meltiness were perfect.  Cheese perfectly hot, the bread golden brown and the cheese was really amazing.  A bit pungeant, for those who like it that way (which I do) and very ooey-gooey.  The mac n cheese and brisket were just getting in the way.  Despite the attempt to add more flavor to the sandwich, I wouldn't have missed it without the rest.  The Valley Thunder cheese and the bread were a match made in heaven.  I did notice quite a few people ordering the Brielle, brie cheese, cranberry and onion. Next time.. I'm getting the Brielle.  Give it a shot, but stick with the items they know best.. the cheese.Best grilled cheese I've had in a long, long while!
I came here with a Meetup group for a day trip to Philly. I came here some months ago and it was a chilly, overcast day--perfect for grilled cheese. I got the Avenue D (their original) with bacon and tomato bisque (it totally completes the meal). OMG, it was so good and they make their own cheese! My sandwich was nice and gooey--as a real grilled cheese should be. The lady taking my order was super pleasant. Also, I wanted to get something to drink and I was going to get a ginger ale (I usually don't drink soda and when I do, I only drink ginger or cream soda--and I want the real stuff, not the corn syrup stuff). Well, they have the Boylan fountain drinks and I was debating between the ginger ale and cream soda (hard decision)--another employee overheard and suggested that I mix the two--smart choice, very good.
I'm so glad I stopped here for lunch--so good. There's a reason why the line was long (it moves fast, by the way).This spot inside of Reading Terminal was a new find for us. We gave it a whirl after the 2 places we wanted to try out were closed (check what's open on Sunday before going!). Either way, it was a good choice overall. We got a grilled cheese with truffle oil combo which came with a drink and chips. The chips were just okay but the grilled cheese was pretty delicious. A little on the greasy side and pretty heavy so I could recommend sharing with someone. I don't think I could've eaten the entire thing myself. I would return though.I love grilled cheese and I love spicy - needless to say, the melter skelter was right up my alley.  While one of my major pet peeves is the overuse of "fabulous" to describe seemingly non-fabulous normal items such as grilled cheese sandwiches... I have to break my own inane rules as that melter skelter is truly truly fabulous and something very special  - especially when you go all out and add the extra jalapeños!So I'm glad we gave this place another try. Since my review, I have been contacted by the manager of Meltkraft, Rebecca- who is very sweet and wanted me to give the place a second chance. She offered to treat myself and my partner to lunch, and today we took her up on that. We got there around lunchtime and it was packed, and I got a little nervous when I noticed the same cashier from my previous experience. But we saw Rebecca, and she took us around to the other side (and let us cut the whole line!) and took our order herself. We got two sandwiches, a side of soup and a small soda, and she told us to sample some cheeses while we waited. We talked to one of the cheese helpers (also a very nice person!) who knew very much about cheese and my partner got to nerd out a little bit with him about a specific cheese from Vermont that he likes. Rebecca was (again) apologetic and thanked us a lot for coming back...both sandwiches (the Fresh Mozz and Valley Thunder) were very good, and I really liked the soup! I see why my partner likes this place so much now, and overall I'm really happy that the management here cares about their customers (or at the very least, their yelp reviews!)I got the Somerset... Fresh gruyere cheese that is perfectly melted so that it's stringy, but not so melted that it's like liquid. The bread is grilled properly to a crisp and tasty, the bread perfectly grilled and flavorful ham that doesn't feel too fatty for what is a fantastically delicious grilled cheese. This place is a must if you like grilled cheese sandwiches!With a warmer weather like this, my coworkers and I decided to take a stroll to Reading Terminal and check out the new grilled cheese place. Their menu online looked promising and we were all excited to try it out. We walked around the market trying to find where it is located, but there wasn't any clear sign. Thanks to a person who works at the market we were able to find it towards the back of the market. It's close to Irvine Produce. 
I had a hard time deciding between the Brielle and Somerset. Per their recommendation, I got the Somerset with a small cup of fountain soda. It came with homemade potato chips. All together it cost me around 10 bucks. The sandwich was huge and definitely very filling for lunch. The bread they use is thick and tasty with the right amount of melted cheese in between. Being picky, I wish there were a little more of crunchiness from the bread and pickles. 
They don't just make grilled cheese sandwich there but also sell their cheese. I didn't get a chance to check that part out. Next time!Had dinner hear last night and it was so worth the wait. I had red, white and green (grilled cheese with tomato and spinach) add bacon. The cheese was so flavorful and fresh. The bread was perfect as well. Tons of different options here too, my daughter had a grilled cheese with homemade macaroni and cheese and brisket on it as well. Totally decadent. There was a long wait due to heavy crowds but totally worth it. The only negative was I wanted to buy a T-shirt and the only size they had in was small.It's unfortunate that the MeltKraft has an appellation triggering Kraft Dinners, Kraft Singles and Wonderbread. While processed cheese product is, in fact, one of my favorite food groups (movie theatre nacho cheese with jalapenos, anyone?) the idea of paying someone else to stick a couple squares of yellow-orange solidified, compressed chemical between two pieces of air-infused white bread-product is just unappealing. Fortunately for all non-lactose intolerant people, MeltKraft concoctions are a gogol superior to grilled cheese ordered at any other joint. 
The Valley Thunder is the most un-Kosher concoction you could probably indulge in - with silky smooth brisket stuffed between poignant cheddar cheese and mac and cheese, you'll have a slight heart attack after eating...but it will only be a slight one, so no worries. 
Unfortunately, the Thunder lacks lightening texture. To add an extra jolt of electricity, gently peel apart you sandwich and jam in a few potato chips and homemade catsup. Do this one bite at a time, and voila! You have a crunchy, creamy chewy 'wich that would make even the most aged Parmesan's melt. (Giggle.)I don't work too far away from the Reading Terminal. Saw reviews on MeltKraft from Yelp and decided to give it a go. 
It was a sort of quiet day at the Terminal and the line was non-existent at MeltKraft. 
I ordered the classic grilled cheese with the garlic spread and bacon. Got back to the office and was surprised by the size of the sandwich. 
Perfectly grilled and tastes great. Would highly recommend.3.5! Meltkraft definitely has great grilled cheese.
Their menu is always updated with specials and etc. If you go during lunch, the line may be a bit long.
The Valley Thunder is ridiculous. Great brisket. I actually wish there was more cheese though.
I like the Somerset too. It had some nice flavors.
I think I may have over hyped myself up for this though. I wasn't wowed by the bread. Moreover, I  think grilled cheeses should have toasty bread that crunches when i bite into it.
I liked the small sides of chips. The tomato soup was okay.
This is great nostalgia with fancy cheese, but this isn't the best ever.Like everyone said, a little pricey but worth it!  The grilled cheese is the utmost "comfort food" kind of sandwich.  I got the melter skelter - even though there are jalapenos, don't expect it to be spicy.  The pickled greens added a nice texture crunch!  They served it with a side of plain kettle chips - so around 9$ for a quality sandwich and chips, not too bad for a lunch.  We were there early on Sunday morning so there were no lines, but I heard it can get crazy when you go around lunch time, so if you don't have time to wait in line - definitely go earlier.  I'll definitely be back to try a different sandwich!What are the crazy machines they make the grilled cheese in?!
So I usually don't love Texas toast because I believe bread is a plain vehicle to get delicious melty things into my mouth. In this case, however, the fillings in between the bread is so good, plentiful, rich, etc, that the thick bread is actually a perfect medium to deliver the tasty cheese into your face.
I love the truffle shuffle and the melter skelter, but next time I'm definitely going melter again, MMMM!Friendly folks and good grilled cheese sandwiches.  Try the pulled pork on the King's Hawaiian Roll.Ooey gooey goodness is the best way to describe the grilled cheese at Meltkraft @ Reading Terminal Market. 
Based on a recommendation: Skip the Brie and Avenue D and go with the Truffle Shuffle Special since it's not always on the menu and apparently in high demand. I honestly wasn't crazy about the tomato soup, could have used some cream but hey it's all about the grilled cheese.
On Saturday during lunch I probably waited a total of 20min which wasn't too bad.Fantastic gourmet grilled cheeses. The staff is wonderful - will answer questions as help you to create the best sandwich! I got the Tewksbury and added garlic - delicious! Thick white bread hold in all the goodness and it comes to you bubbling hot. The extras - chips, sodas, cheeses, etc - all have their own twist. A must stop in the Reading Market!!
I grew up in Philadelphia and moved away, but the Reading Terminal Market is always a stop when I am visiting and Melt Kraft will be my number one venue there!enjoyed meltkraft for lunch today with a friend. i had the avenue d classic, with valley shepherd tewksbury, valley thunder, and melter skelter. upgraded to add tomato and rub the bread with garlic. my friend had the brielle with chicken add-in.
while the sandwich was good, i thought it was a bit uninteresting and don't know that i'll be back (maybe missing a sprinkle of salt to clarify the flavors? maybe too much oil muffling the beauty of the cheeses?). with a small boylan's soda (99 cents), it was $10.21, which seemed like a lot. i guess i am not wild about it because i resent boring base sandwiches that necessitate upgrade and are still lacking something when upgraded. i couldn't taste the rubbed garlic at all in my sandwich, i wouldn't recommend spending 75 cents for that. the service was good and the packaging of the sandwiches was really well done.
i really wanted to like meltkraft, and i loved the chips that came with my sandwich (i asked for dill pickle but they didn't have them in stock, though the sea salt were incredible in their clean potatoey way), but my sandwich didn't make me want to go back soon. my friend's sandwich had some very tender & lovely chicken, and was tasty but didn't knock my socks off. definitely worth trying this stand in reading terminal, but i'd suggest the more powerfully flavored sandwiches like the brielle or somerset.I like reading market ans i love meltkraft. It is a really good place to eat cheeses sandwichs. People are very nice and warn welcome.I stopped here almost by accident. I was attending a meeting at one of the hotels adjacent to the market and wanted a snack. What could be better than a quick grilled cheese with some chips? I decided to try the 'Valley Thunder' which is cheese, brisket, and mac & cheese. It was melty awesomeness. My friend had the Avenue D with tomatoes - she was equally impressed. This was good enough to return the next day. It was just as good - if not better the second day. I could easily have come back a few more times if my trip was longer. Some of the variants you can choose to the standard sandwiches are tomatoes, bacon, fried in bacon or duck fat just to name a few. The staff are quirky, friendly, and knowledgeable. The cheese is really good on its own too. If you're in or near the market and looking for a quick and tasty lunch - this is the place.BEST DARN GRILLED CHEESE EVER!
The Melter Skelter...
Thick white bread, slathered with butter and drizzled with garlic oil, loaded with Valley Shepherd "Melter Skelter," a Raclette style cheese, pickled green tomatoes, jalapeño, BBQ potato chips (Yes, inside the sandwich!) and watercress.
Whomever thought up this bad boy is a GENIUS! The bbq chips turn into something like bbq mashed potatoes because of the super high temperature they put this piece of art through on a glass bottom Electrolux sandwich press. It's served with your choice of sea salt or dill pickle flavored chips.
A fact that makes this place even cooler, is they use as many of the ingredients as they can from within Reading Terminal Market. 
The guys and gals behind the counter are also uber cool. One guy, Zeke, was exceptionally friendly and held up a good conversation about Philly as I awaited my Melter Skelter.
Do NOT miss this place!The somerset was amazing!! The chips that come with the sandwiches are well done and crispy just the way I like it. Excited to come back and explore rest of the menu!!So good! I had the Brielle and it was delicious. A bit of a wait for your food, but it's worth it. Only trouble is finding a spot to sit in the market. Haha.I got a ham and mozzarella grilled cheese and the mozzarella in it was wonderful. If you're in the mood for grilled cheese you can't go wrong with them.One of my favorite lunch places.  These grilled cheeses are decadent and heavy, but thoroughly delicious.This is a fantastic concept and well executed.  The cashier was friendly and the sandwich was good.  I had the Valley Thunder sandwich.  Not the best cheddar I have had but it was decent.  I will definitely go back.Trying this place for the first time on my trip to philly. This place not only makes cheese from scratch, but also grilled cheese sandwiches on artisan style breads  Trying the valley thunder which is grilled cheese with beef brisket,mac and cheese and a option to have Bacon on the sandwich. it is also served with a side of kettle potato chips it was delish!!! everything worked well and together I highly reccommend everyone to check this place out at the reading terminal market its a nice break from the conventinal cheesesteak sandwich this city is well known for.Combo this madness - you'll leave full and satisfied! Cheese for days, accompanied by some hardy tomato soup. Don't forget your birch beer!
Staff is kind and patient. Good folks serving great food! Highly recommend.Hands down, the best grilled cheese sandwich I have ever enjoyed.  I had the classic, with added bacon.  Ooey, cheesy, buttery flavorful goodness.  The wait was minimal and the cheery, friendly girl who took my order was a delight.  I'm going back for the green, white and red.  And taking cheese home with me.I can't even explain how much I had been anticipating trying this place, and when I finally had the opportunity to at Reading Terminal Market, I could barely contain myself. A friend and I couldn't decide on just 1 sandwich to split so we decided to get 2 and split them-- we opted for the Brielle (because brie is my hands down favorite cheese) as well as the seasonal special R.W.G. (red white and green; fresh mozzarella, tomato and spinach). 
Both sandwiches were EXCELLENT but so, so heavy. 1 sandwich for the both of us would have been perfect because the cheesiness gets to be so much (but who would want it any other way?) You know you're eating a gem grilled cheese sandwich when, at the end of your sandwich, your hands are dripping in oil and there is extra cheese that has oozed out of your sandwich with each and every bite you took.
The Brielle definitely stunned me more than the R.W.G. The brie cheese coupled with the chutney and the cranberries made for a sweet treat. The R.W.G. was a little on the bland side, but the fresh mozz was incredible.
The sandwiches are a tad on the pricey side but you really pay for the experience of ultimate cheese. I could practically feel my arteries getting clogged as I continued om nomming on my grilled cheeses, but I couldn't stop. 
They really are magical!Best grilled cheese that I've had. The menu isn't super extensive, which is totally fine, and they have a few vegetarian options so I went with the brielle and got the slaw.
The grilled cheese is made with Texas toast (at least it looked/tasted like it) so the bread was on point and it was filled with brie, cranberry chutney and grilled onions. OMG it was freaking amazing and my meat eater husband couldn't stop taking bites of it. Sandwich comes with chips that were good but nothing special and I got a side of the kale and fennel slaw which was light, tasty and a perfect compliment to the grilled cheese.Probably the BEST tomato soup I have ever had in my life!!! Oh and the grilled cheese was to die for also  go her and great healthy soda selections too ... Parking sucks downtown but if ur in the area give this spot a try! Quick too!!New favorite vendor in the good ol' Reading Terminal Market! I tried the Somerset for the first time today, which is a grilled cheese with gruyere, whole grain mustard, ham and cornichons. Holyyyyy hell this was a tasty sandwich, even at 9am (fatass alert). The chips that come with the sandwich were really good too, all vinegary and crispy. Mmmm. Can't wait to try the other sammys!I arrived for a lunch at this wonderful Reading Terminal location.
Tucked away in a corner is this awesome purveyor of cheese and of course, grilled cheese sand which. 
I may be at a disadvantage in reviewing this. As I ordered a to go and it was 10 minutes before I was able to get a bite into it. 
It was a plain grilled cheese. It came with potato chips. 
The cheese was a wonderful garlic infused flavor. It was thick and stringy. The bread a little greasy, but it was still an awesome grilled cheese. 
The staff were very friendly and helpful, quick to take the order and get you what you need.
I will go back soon.So good! Get the Brielle, you will not regret it!! Seriously though, if you want a fancy grilled cheese this is the place to go.