The food wasn't great but good. The fiesta cheese and pure milk chocolate fondu was awesome! Dippers were unlimited as long as you had cheese and chocolate left. Remember that you have to leave room for your salad and entree after all that cheese!
I think the "cooking for yourself" part of it was a great experience but not something I would want to do all the time. 
The staff was extremely nice. They stop by regularly and explained everything. They even try to strike up conversation while your food is cooking. I spent 3 hours at the resturant and was not bored at all. 
I wish they had everything in writing! Suggested cooking times and sauces are hard to remember when you get so much food at once.With my strong aversion to "themed/concept" dining at corporate chain restaurants I should have known when I was dragged to this hell hole by friends for dinner last Friday night that it was going to be a bad, tasteless and expensive evening...
Our reservation for eight people was for 9:00pm and we were not even seated until 9:45pm which was completely unacceptable. I was told the average per person price at this fake fondue joint would be about $42.00. With one drink each and ordering off of their "Big Night Out" Menu (with tax and the included tip) it came to over $70 per person which is completely insane for the caliber of food and service that we received. This is coming from someone that has no problem what so ever dropping large amounts of cash if the food and service are up to par.
The cheese fondue was tasteless (we sampled three different varieties - traditional, Wisconsin Cheddar and Spinach and Artichoke - and they all tasted about the same), the salads were comprised of limp, tasteless greens and topped with items that some sexually frustrated, bored suburban housewife might consider "exciting", the entree meat and seafood selections looked questionable as were the dirty, unwashed vegetables. The dessert fondue was comprised lukewarm VERY low quality chocolate or some sort of chocolate substitute...
Bottom line - PLEASE do a little research and go to any of the other exceptional INDEPENDANT Philadelphia restaurants that are out there if you want to drop $70.00 on dinner...I always roll out of here very satisfied. It is a chain, but they do what they do very well. The food is always good, and all the stuff is refillable except the meats. The sauces are delicious (my favorite is the green goddess), and the chocolate fondue is a pmsing girls wildest dream. Their cocktail list is worth a look through too. I've always had superior service here, too.Is there such a thing as a novelty restaurant? If so, this is that.
I went here on a 2nd date with my now-boyfriend. He had been before, but I hadn't, and I was at first very confused about the prospect of cooking my own dinner. I still kind of am, to be honest. It seems like a good idea if you're going with a like-minded diner, but what if you don't both agree on which hot vat of oil in which to dip your raw pieces of meat? (Oooh, that sounds kind of dirty, and I like it, so no backspace on that sentence.)
We skipped the cheese fondue course, which in retrospect, was very smart. He got a combination surf/turf entree, and I got chicken. It was fun fishing around for the meat and guessing whether it had been in there long enough (hello, salmonella!)
All the while, there were about 8 different waiters coming over asking if everything was ok. I began to think my hair had caught on fire...it was annoying. I think they were trying to get rid of us for the next reservation, and it was pretty off-putting. Still, it meant that our water glasses were never even remotely empty, so I guess that worked out. 
And now, for the reason everyone (myself included) should get themselves to Melting Pot ASAP. DESSERT!!! You get to pick your dipping chocolate (boyfriend and I went with classic dark chocolate), and the dippers are UNLIMITED. That's right. UNLIMITED. They have things like fruit, but there's also much more fun options like brownies, cake, rice crispies treats, etc. 
I think it's a great experience to have dinner there once, but I think if we go back, it'll probably just be for that GLORIOUS dessert. That's what bumped up the average-tasting dinner and sub-par service from 3 stars to 4 stars.Quite a unique experience with the different types of fondue. The experience allowed for me to taste and sample various vegetables, meats and desserts with different fondue combinations. It sure rates high on my list.Best tip for this place- DO NOT GET THE "BIG NIGHT OUT" or whatever the hell it's called. It's a ripoff.  People seem to forget- it's fondue, you really can't get much of the stuff wrapped into a doggie bag and take it home. The prix fixed menu thing they offer is a TON of food and not cheap.
Best advice for a group of 3-4- Get one cheese (the dippers are refillable) and then get one entree (if you're feeling like meat) then one chocolate.  You'll be VERY full, and only in the hole about $30 a person.My family went during restaurant week. I have wanted to dine at one of these for a while. I was very disappointed. Staff was friendly. The prices are very high. Each of our meals were $35 each. That was the restaurant week special. I found the cheese dip to be bland. I found the bread to dip in the cheese very hard. I found the cooking of the meal to be more stressful then fun. Times have to be right or you will overcook your food. Then you have to keep times for the whole table. 2 minutes for this, a minute and half for that, 8 minutes for potatoes. The meal was pretty basic you get a couple bites of steak, chicken, shrimp, 2 ravioli that fell apart during cooking and 2 asparugus spears. The highlight was desert. I enjoyed this part very much. Dipping cakes, cookies and marshmallows in chocolate can't be bad. All in all not good and way overated. For the price I want my food cooked and cooked properly. I would not return.This was one of the best eating experiences I've had in a while. Eating was so much fun and I thought the food was great. I went for the bourgignone cooking style, which basically lets you deep fry your food (don't judge me for all those calories, i must have severely dieted a week before going there). I see that some people wrote that the food was bland--I didn't think that at all. I only had the steaks (one teriyaki sirloin, one pepper crusted sirloin) and the herb crusted chicken since my boyfriend and I don't like seafood and we thought they were great. There were also so many sauces to dip the food in after it was cooked, that I can't imagine it being bland. The cheese was also delicious--though I'm a huge cheese fan. I found myself wishing I could lick the bottom of the fondue pot. The salad wasn't amazing, but fine as far as salads go. I wasn't expecting much, I mean who goes to a fondue place for the salad? The absolute best part was the dessert. We got the original, which was chocolate and peanut butter. My boyfriend who doesn't like chocolate very much and hardly ever eats a chocolate bar was in love with this. The chocolate was warm, creamy, and delicious. Anyway, we loved the food and would definitely go again.We've been going for several years and this used to be our go to place for special occasions. And even though they've pared down the menu (certain items that used to be included are now separate), it's all still delicious.
Unfortunately, it's the service that has been lacking lately. They're friendly and informative, but they've either rushed us through the courses or barely checked in with us - which is particularly difficult considering how fast we go through some of the dippers and sauces. Seriously, the green goddess needs to come in a larger serving size! This is particularly disheartening because service used to be amazing.
I think we're going to stop coming in for the whole 4-course experience and switch to the occasional cheese or dessert fondue.
On a side note, the specialty cocktails have gotten really strong. Tried the "sassy senorita" and boy will that put some hair on your chest.Always enjoying going to the melting pot.  This really is a great place for a date and/or a double date.  The setting is quite intimate, the booths are rather secluded, and actually cooking and preparing your meal with one another is fun and kind of romantic.
The food is tremendous.  You have so many options of cheese, entrees, oils, and chocolates it's incredible.  I love every course, but the dessert really takes the cake for me (get it?).  The dippers alone are delicious, but add in the pot of hot gooey chocolate and its unbeatable.
Yes you will spend a pretty penny here, but it's a great place to go on special occasions or just every once in awhile.  If you can catch it on restaurant week, you'll probably save some money.  If you understand what a restaurant like Melting Pot entails and have no problem with your meal taking two and a half hours and technically cooking your meal, you'll love this place.  Great setting, even better food.  If you're not looking for a full meal anddon't mind spending some money, go just for the dessert.  It's amazing!We've been here several times and never been disappointed. Recently we took my mother out for her birthday, since she'd never been. While the food is delicious and fun as always, the service was outstanding.  The atmosphere is fun and pretty intimate.  I never feel like we're too close to other guests.  I've also never had a bad waiter or waitress at the Melting Pot in Center City - always attentive and walk you through the whole process, really making the unique experience so enjoyable. On this occasion the manager was involved due to a special request and she was absolutely phenomenal. She really got across how much she genuinely cared about our individual experience. Very, very impressive! Strongly recommend the Melting Pot Center City!Not the best food, but is a fun experience..especially if you bring a group with you.  The broth is a little bland, but you do get a great selection of meats, veggies, and a variety of different dips to accompany them.  
The best part of Melting Pot is the dessert fondue.  This is the reason why I will go time and time again.  I always get the ying yang, which is half dark chocolate and half white chocolate fondue.  It comes with strawberries, marshmallows, rice krispy cakes, brownies, cheesecake.  It is so good!!  This is coming from a girl who doesn't even like dessert.I've been an infrequent visitor of the Melting Pot for years. It's one of those places you can't afford to go to often, but I usually try to take advantage of restaurant week to make it seem like a better deal. You're definitely paying for the experience more than the food, but it's fun and the food isn't bad. The cheese and chocolate fondues are my favorites, but I also enjoy their salads. Sadly, it always seems like the meat/seafood entree courses are the least appealing. If it wasn't for the sauces, most of it would taste rather bland. One thing I like is that the waitstaff is always helpful and willing to substitute items if you don't like them or cannot eat them.Oh the melting pot. The name alone brings so many mouth watering memories to mind. 
This particular location has it's ups and downs. I was in here last for Valentine's day and it was kind of a mess. Our waiter got lost halfway through the meal to go talk to friends at another table and getting a new glass of water was kind of impossible. However, the floor manager took great care of us in our waiter's absence, and like I said the food is always amazing. 
This is a chain, so I feel like complaining about the prices is silly, they're all over the place and the prices are all the same and well advertised. This is strictly a fancy night out, or a the parents are in town and feel like splurging kind of restaurant. 
That being said, the fondue is amazing, I really enjoy the cheese and the chocolate more than the actual cook the meats part of it. I suppose the only warning I have is to try not to get too full before dessert because it is definitely not something you should miss out on!I like the experience of fondue-ing. Other than that, the food quality is alright. Drinks and customer service are good.so fun when you go out with your girls!&lt;3 the staff is kind and even takes pictures for you!haha the meal deal are kinda expensive but since your splitting it with your friends its a decent price for the food!=DGood food, decent portions, but a big chunk of money for what you get. Come once for the experience, then do it at home.So I think I like the idea behind this restaurant rather than the actual experience of going there and enjoying the fondue. I mean it sounds great having all these choices of quality ingredients to dip and cook and have an interactive dinner eating experience with a buddy/significant other. But somehow, the two times I've been there I was left feeling like something was missing. 
There's a great promotion that they have that allows you and your date to eat a four course meal for $25. That's something you should definitely take advantage of because on normal days, the only good stuff on the menu is way too expensive (lobster and filet). I remember when they present the raw ingredients in front of you, it's kind of awkward putting them into the fondue pot and just sitting there and watching them poach. You can't have a conversation because you'll forget how long your food has been in the pot and before you know it, the beef is overcooked. Plus I'M HUNGRY YO.
The menu does sound delicious and if I had to choose, I would definitely go for the Coq au Vin base as that's clearly the most flavorsome. It takes quite a while for the pot to heat up and your dining experience could go well over an hr and a half so be prepared!
I think what got me down the most was that even with all the marinades, available sauces and spiced broths, the blandness of the meats still seemed to come through. Perhaps when you drop a piece of meat into boiling water, all its flavor seeps out into the broth. You're better off drinking the remaining soup at the end rather than the food you put in the pot. The portions are SMALL!!! Tiny tiny pieces lemme tell u! You better go ahead and get as many add-ons as you can!
The only redeeming quality about this restaurant is the chocolate fondue dessert items! That's always worth visiting for. And you need to get a shot of liquor dropped into the melting chocolate for an extra kick of boldness! (I recommend the raspberry flavor) . Upon ordering, they melt the chocolate in front of you and present a platter of marshmallows, fruits, and cakes that are sweet and delicate. Dipping in the chocolate is a warm indulgent touch.
All in all, food is disappointing, but the dessert is great!!
3/5My boyfriend took me here for Valentines day which was very exciting because I'd heard great things about the place. He was disappointed with the "special flower package" that came with our table because they made it sound big and elaborate and it turned out not to be at all.  I still liked the flowers of course, but I'm sure he'd have some harsher things to say about them.
First course was delicious and very easy to do with the fondue set. Cheese with bread/fruit/veggies. Dessert was delicious and easy to handle.  There's a selection of different chocolate dips and things to dip marshmallows, cheesecake bits, strawberries, etc. in. The waiter also practically put on a pyrotechnic show in front of us lighting the chocolate on fire and whatnot.  We have video, and it's fabulous.
The main course however, was nothing short of difficult.  The waiter gives you a quick briefing on raw meat and how it can't touch the plate you're eating off of, and gives you a quick run down of how many minutes each meat should be in the hot oil (anywhere from 2-5 for all the different meats.. seafood, beef, chicken). Neither the boyfriend or I are very familiar with cooking, so it was hard to figure out how long things should go in for, if they were done, if they were overdone, etc. It was semi-frustrating because you could only eat/cook little bits at a time instead of being able to dig in and enjoy your meal all at once.
Never-the-less, it is an experience, and a bonding one at that. And if you don't have any idea what you're doing with a hot pot of oil and a piece of raw chicken, it can get pretty entertaining.  My favorite highlight of the night was when the boyfriend, bless him, who's cooking experience ended with his Fisher Price kitchen play set 19 years ago, managed to turn a piece of broccoli black as coal.-  Too much food.
-  Too expensive when you're cooking it yourself.
-  Took too long to get food.
+  Even though the food took awhile, the service was good, our server was efficient and genuinely friendly.
+  The atmosphere was nice, intimate.I LOVE The Melting Pot.  It's probably been my favorite restaurant for as long as I can remember.  I have been to all of the chain's locations in PA.  I really miss the Chestnut Hill location it was the best.  
If anybody reads this they will probably be wondering about the rest of my reviews, because I obviously like to prepare my own food because I'm so high maintenance food-wise. The truth is the meats cheeses fruits and sauces all are scumptious together and incredibly FRESH.  Not to mention THE DESERTS and DRINKS...mmmmm.  I dont even like chocolate usually, but at the MP the yin and yang really does it for me.  
The spinach artichoke cheese is amazing, their signature salad, and all the meats with Coq au Vin broth.  Everything is really good, though.
Great for every occasion!Came here yesterday with 6 other friends, so we were able to have 2 pots at our table. Ordered the Big Night Out, which came with a cheese fondue appetizer, salad, entree, and chocolate fondue dessert. For the cheese fondue, we tried the Alp & Dell cheese and the Wisconsin Trio. I liked the Wisconsin Trio more, because the Alp & Dell was a little bitter. I would definitely recommend getting chocolate fondue for dessert, which I thought was the best part of the meal- I had the Snickers fondue (which wasn't on the menu, but the server recommended it to us) and the White Chocolate Apple Cobbler fondue (on the Big Night Out menu). They even gave us extra dippers when we ran out. I think it's a fun experience if you've never been to a fondue restaurant before, but the food isn't particularly amazing, and I really didn't think it was worth the price (we paid about $62 per person, tax & tip included).The melting pot is a lot of fun, if you are willing to spend a decent amount of money. The first issue is parking, if you can't find it on the street then it's decently expensive in the garage, though the restaurant will give you a discount which is nice.
I personally really love the cheese and chocolate portions of this place...the salads and entrees are OK but I could live without them. It's a great place to go for a drink, cheese, and chocolate course with some friends on a night out when you're looking for something a little fancier.Happy Hour Review:
I honestly don't know why anyone would go during regular priced meals. If I remember correctly, a couple has to pay a little over $100 for their " big night out" menu. Happy hour is the way to go! From 5-6pm M-F, for $15 you can get cheese + chocolate or for $23 pp it's cheese, entree + chocolate fondue = WELL worth it.
Service: they train their servers pretty well, explaining the different sauces, what each course entails esp for those that are newcomers.
Food: 3.5 - 4 stars. It's pretty damn good, but for regular price.. probably not. Their cheese fondue they make right in front of you with unlimited cauliflower, bread, brocolli or apple. The entree is cooked in your choice of broth, with unlimited mushrooms, broccoli, potatoes and cauliflower. The DESSERT: we got the sm'ores with unlimited cheesecake, poundcake, marshmallows, strawberry, banana, brownies... = diabetes galore. It's delicious. I just feel so fat afterwards
It's fun for the experience. Great for dinner + drinks during happy hour time in my opinion. Great for dates. HH = $4 drafts (even blue moons, my fav!)I've heard many things about the Melting Pot over the years.  While I've always wanted to make my way there, I never quite got to it because I always wanted to patronize a mom&pop over a chain.  I'm glad I finally made it, though because the experience and the food was amazing and I'm sad that the Philly location is closing because I enjoyed it enough to make my way back.
We found ourselves here on a rainy Saturday evening because we had a gift certificate.  Getting there a half hour early, we decided to sit at the bar for the time being.  I noted that the cocktail offerings at this location were very reasonably priced, some were even cheaper than the premium beer selections.  Our bartender was great, friendly and quick, we just got a glass of wine and beer to start with.
Upon getting our table, we made our way back to a very quaint and intimate booth that was shaped as a half circle around an albeit small but usable table.  Because we had a gift certificate we couldn't partake in the 'endless entree' deal that was ongoing at this location, but we simply went with the on-menu selection of a four course meal.  I picked the surf 'n turf, the girlfriend got the Cajun platter.  On both were chicken, shrimp and filet mignon (the Cajun selection had sausage).  To start, we got the Alpine fondue which was a Gruyere with white wine and garlic.  This was amazing, although we noted the early tastes still were full of wine, it wasn't until we got half way through that we could taste a nice balance of cheese and wine. The 4-course offerings come with a salad of your choice, I got the house and wasn't disappointed.  
When we got our main courses, we were really excited.  The small cubes of raw meat go right into your pot of hot oil.  We got a special cooking type which included two different batters to cover the cubes of meat in prior to frying.  While this part of the experience is unique to the Melting Pot, we found that the cooking times our wait staff told us to use were simply not cooking the meat all the way through.  We came to find that with the batter on, it almost doubled the necessary cooking time.  After figuring out that our cooking times were a bit different than what we were told, everything was alright and the rest of the main course was great.  
For dessert we got the bourbon pecan chocolate fondue.  There's not much more to say than wow - that was delicious.  I highly recommend that fondue if you like a nice taste of bourbon with your dessert.
Finally, our waiter (whom I've unfortunately forgotten the name of) was amazing.  He was quite friendly, helpful and didn't rush us in any way.  After learning we were celebrating our birthdays, he had two candles put in our dessert - a touch that was the icing on the cake for my experience.  I loved this dinner from the experiences of cooking our entree to the ambiance of the restaurant, it was a great evening.  Note that this location IS closing but moving across the river to New Jersey.  I think I may have just liked this enough to make a trek over once they open their new location.I have been to The Melting Pot twice. Once was in Virginia, where we chose the chicken broth as the base with which to cook all our meats... bad idea! Seafood and red meat should NOT be cooked in a chicken stock. Also, not to be a salmonella nazi or anything, but I feel like all the handling and transferring of raw meat HAS to be bad for you! Anyway, a few years later I decided to give it another shot. This time we opted for just the cheese fondue... ok perfection! THIS was exactly what I needed. Bread and fruit submerged in a bubbling volcano of melty, gooey cheese. YUM! After we exhausted our cheese resources, we tried the Baileys/chocolate fondue... yet another good choice! Our waiter was so skilled at the mixing of the cheese and chocolate that I asked him if they had to take a class and guess what?! They DO! I wonder if they get to sample while they learn? Maybe I should sign up for that class...It was a very fun experience. The fondue was great. There are a lot of options for every course but the staff are very helpful in informing you about everything. We had the 4 course meal so the whole thing took an hour and a half altogether. We had a very good time and would definitely go back again.I had my first melting pot experience this week and it was a lot of fun. I really like the idea of a fondue restaurant. The swiss cheese pot was very good and the chocolate pot was really good too. Without a doubt, if you go, get a chocolate pot. It was kinda the whole point in going for me  : ). I was not disappointed.Let me start off by saying that I am reviewing the full four-course dinner at the melting pot and had I only down the cheese or chocolate this would have been a 5-star review. I have been here at least 5 times and try something new each time I go. 
Service: excellent everytime 
Ambience: private, upscale 
Cheese fondue: superb, a must! My favorite is the spinach and artichoke
Salads: they were fine, barely touched mine so that I wouldn't get full for the rest of the meal
Entree: this is where I subtract a star. The look of the uncooked meat is I appealing to me and the amount of time I was told to cook each for was misleading. I recommend getting the lobster tail or chicken dumplings and avoiding the beef and pork.
Chocolate fondue: out of this world! I will  continue coming back here just for this part! Endless cheesecake, pound cake and strawberries to dip = heaven.
Price: $$$ definately upscale, I recommend finding a groupon or living social deal or skipping one or more of the courses or drinks to cut down the cost.I finally came here with the bf on a date since my sister had given us a gift card for my bday about a year ago.  We got parking right in front of the restaurant at a parking meter spot.  We made reservations but there was a little wait for our table.
The server was nice and descriptive about the menu since it was our first time.  We both got the four course meal (plus a box of chocolate covered strawberries).  
For the salad course, I got the California (Mixed baby salad greens, Roma tomatoes, candied pecans and Gorgonzola cheese with Raspberry Black Walnut Vinaigrette).  I didn't enjoy any part of this salad except for the pecans.  The cheese was overpowering and the vinaigrette was very sweet.
The cheese spinach artichoke dip was my favorite portion of the meal.  The bread was a bit dry as dippers though.
For the entrée, we got the coq au vin as the base.  I wasn't a fan of this flavor.  I got the fondue fusion with lobster, sirloin, bbq pork, duck breast and a pasta pouch.  The bf got the French quarter and his came with filet, chicken, shrimp and Andouille sausage.  Nothing was spectacular.  I mean, all you're really doing is cooking the meats yourself in a weird base soup and then dipping it in a multitude of sauces.  It's the American style of Asian hot pot.  But at least Asian hot pot has more variety and flavors.
For the dessert course, we got the flaming turtle.  Chocolate doesn't normally let me down so this was better than the entrée.  
Overall, this place is such a silly concept.  And an expensive one at that.  I would gladly stay home and cook myself than come back.I recently went on a double date to The Melting Pot and really enjoyed it. The hosts are a little rude when you first walk in and im glad that I didnt judge based upon that. Our server was super friendly and so helpful since we were having a little trouble with the menu. Big Night Out is ideal for couples, it includes a cheese starter, salad, a wide selection of meats and vegis, and a dessert for two. The prices are a bit high, but when you think about how much food you're getting its really all worth itI love the idea of the Melting Pot. We got once a year because yes it is really expensive and really for what you get its a bit pricey, however we love the experience just as much as the food. Having been to several different locations over the last couple of years, I find this one to be the worst one yet. The staff made it seem like they wanted to rush us through our entire meal, constantly coming by asking if we were ready to move on or to clear our plates. They brought us dessert and five minutes later dropped off the check. The meal itself normally took us anywhere from 2 and half hours but this one was done in about an hour and fifteen minutes. 
Now the service I can kind of live with however the food we were served was so very below sub par that I am not entirely sure why we didn't walk out. We ordered the things we normally do but nothing tasted remotely close. We chalked it up at the time to different vendors.  On top of being rushed, crappy food, and having to pay so much being in Philly made it all so much worse. With so many other different options around you would think they would be on top of their game. Plus you have to pay to park in the parking garage and when my husband tried to validate our ticket the woman gave him a hard time saying we had already left the building. We had only walked out for two seconds before he remembered. 
For going somewhere once a year and spending this much money I would suggest going to the one in Atlantic City or driving out to the one in King of Prussia.so much fun, the waiter was charming and helpful.
the fiesta cheese fondue was amaaazing.. spinach/mushroom salad and the california salad were both delish, we got the signature selection combination with chicken, filet mignon, beef teriyaki, salmon, and shrimp in the vegetable broth. all was soo good and a lot of fun, a lot like the "hot pot" style in asian restaurants.
finally we got the cookies and cream/orea chocolate fondue (look for coupons online for free chocolate fondue!, i got one on their website!) soo good and it came with graham cracker crusted marshmellows, strawberries, bananas, rice krispies, pound cake and more.. sooo delish
i want to go back now...
to bad my wallet is now empty.The Melting Pot gives people an interesting experience on eating. The food is nothing new, but the preparation is different. It's known for its fondue, so you basically dip food into different types of "sauce", whether it be cheese, chocolate, oil, or other varieties. The cheese fondue is basically an appetizer where you dip mainly bread in, but they also give you other fruits/veggies, such as carrots, celery, apples (interesting mix). The chocolate is for dessert, of course. 
As far as the main course goes, you get to choose your own "cooking style". Choices include canola oil (cholesterol free!), vegetable broth, the "coq au vin" (burgundy wine), and "mojo style", which is carribbean-seasoned bouillon (I don't know what that is, refer to google =P). The latter two is an additional 6 bucks per pot. You can either do the Big Night Out which has tons of cheese fondue, salad, meats, and chocolate fondue, or the entree for two. The entrees that come to mind are the signature selection with the filet mignon, shrimp, teriyaki-marinated sirloin, chicken, and fish fillet, and the Pacific Rim which has teriyaki-marinated sirloin, white shrimp, marinated pork tenderloin, duck, chicken, and potstickers. The meat is of excellent quality.
I didn't get to try out the chocolate fondue since the food was already over our budget at that point, but it looked pretty good.
Overall, it was a decent experience. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, and the managers often came by to check on us to make sure that we were happy, so the service was definitely there. Of course, it comes with a very steep price. This place is NOT cheap. We had six people but only got two entrees for two to cut back on costs, and we only drank iced water (boy, I'm starting to sound cheap =P). It still came out to 33 bucks a person, and that's with an automatic 20% gratuity that's added on to parties of 6 or more. Is the food/service good? Yes, at least at this particular location. Would I come again anytime soon? Only if 1) I win the lottery or 2) for a special occasion and I have some extra cash to blow. Their Big Night Out package looks really awesome, but it'll easily top over 100 dollars per couple, not including any drinks!melting pot is one of those places that i always figured i'd try, but never made a special trip to check it out. when my foodie friend asked me to join her there for restaurant week, i figured it was as good a time as any.
our server was reaaally working overtime to impress us ladies. it was awkward. he mixed our spinach dip appetizer course so sloppily that i nearly took the fork from him and said "LEMME DO IT".. but i controlled myself. it was just so close to sploshing on me! and all over the table! really.
entree was uneventful.
dessert: amazing. absolutely overwhelmingly rich. we picked original chocolate but the dippers were fresh fruit, marshmellows covered in crushed oreos, rice krispie treats, red velvet cake and cheesecake bites.I had heard about the Melting Pot from my daughter who lives in Sacramento. Now I am in Philadelphia and there's a Melting Pot right across the street from our hotel! My husband took me there for my birthday, and it was an exceptional experience from start to finish. Highly recommend it.I discovered this location a little over a year ago and The Melting Pot is the only reason I travel into Philly. 
All of the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable each and everytime. 
The food is AMAZING. Safe to say it is my favorite restaurant. Yes you have to cook your own entree in the broth and the entire dining experience can take 2 hours but I find it relaxing. I usually get the four courses. Cheddar cheese fondue, ceasar salad, classic entree, and flaming turtle. 
Their yang yang martini's are a little piece of chocolate heaven. The only complaint I have is their drinks are not as strong so I have learned to stick with beer and wine. 
Also their happy hour Monday - Friday 5-6 pm is a great deal! A perfect time to come is during the car show which is hosted at the convention center right around the corner. This coming year it will start late January and end early February!Pricey but delicious.  I don't actually recommend getting the four courses, you will NEVER FINISH IT!  If you can, get a group together.  You'll get a table with extra cooking surfaces and then you can try more cheeses and chocolates!
Perfect meal for two goes like this:
1.  Both people get the cheese.  I usually go for the Wisconsin trio.  I've had the lager cheese before but it's very strong and I'd rather have the wine.  You'll get UNLIMITED dippers here, folks.  Just ask for a refill.  Apples, breads, tortilla chips are what comes with this meal!  For $9 a person, it's worth it.
2. Salads.  You MUST try the bacon spinach salad.   I can not stress this enough.
3. Share an entree.  You'll probably be disappointed when the plate of raw meat comes out (remember, you cook it yourselves!) because it looks so small.  Trust me.  It's more than enough for TWO PEOPLE!  You'll get unlimited veggies with your meal too.  Broccoli, cauliflower. potatoes, mushroom caps, carrots--  Yep, as much as you want, even sharing!  Try all of the dipping sauces that they give you too!
4. Both people get the chocolate.  I love the flaming turtle (they actually make it flame!) but I love the yin-yang too.  Again, you get UNLIMITED dippers.  Marshmallows, cheesecake, brownies, rice krispie treats, bananas, strawberries, red velvet cake, pound cake...  As much as you want!
Just going for the cheese and chocolate is delicious too and comes to $20 a person.  Can't beat it for the fun!
Also, try some of their cocktails.  You won't be disappointed!
Lots of people go here in jeans but I like to get dressed up.  Yes, it's a chain, but it's also kind of classy.  Fondue is really wonderful and a romantic way to spend a date.My wife and I went here because our first option - any place in the Reading Terminal Market - was packed because of the flower show. 
Essentially what you get here is some low-grade, high-priced food you cook yourself in a pot. I can see why this is a hot-spot for tourists as the gaggle of women at the next table verified. 
The service was good. Nice people.
But seriously - and I'm talking to you city-visitors - do yourselves a favor and walk the extra 200 feet to the Reading Terminal Market. You'll get delicious foods at a much better price.It's a fondue place, so it's fun to go with a group because it's something different. The atmosphere is nice. Our server was intelligent, attentive and fun. I wasn't blown away though. I thought the food was decent, but overpriced.
The Melting Pot says the average price per person is $42, but I think ours was significantly higher. We did have some drinks and there was a good amount of food.
The appetizers were my favorite part, but all the girls fell in love with the dessert instantly. The app was a bunch of cheeses and stuff that you could dip in a couple different sauces. I enjoyed it. And the salad was good.
For dinner, there was a lot of shell fish, and I'm allergic to that stuff so I missed out on a bunch of lobster, shrimp, etc. I ate chicken and steak. It was good, but not great. You basically stick something with a skewer, plop it in the hot fondue pot of your choice and then take it out when you feel it is done. The chicken was the only one I left in for a while. The steak was staying pretty rare, so I was all over it like a fat kid on a cupcake.
Speaking of desserts, it was chocolate with more chocolate and a side of chocolate. Really shocking the women liked this part of the meal the best, right? 
We saw Andre Iguodala (Philadelphia 76ers) coming in as we were leaving. He likey some fondue, apparently.
Bottom line: it's a chain fondue place that might be seen as overpriced by some, but if you've never gone, it's fun to try out. I don't feel the need to go back.Gosh, I love to come to these places. They all are decorated differently, and as far as chains go as a whole, I would have to say that this is the most consistent, best dining experience. Service always excels and we always leave full (over full if you ask me! lol) We love to go here on date nights. Drink menu is awesome too!Went there Friday night and had a great meal! The All American meal was actually too much food. The service was top notch and would definitely reccomend for a date, anymore than 2 people and there would be too many hands in the pot. Would go again for sure!The melting pot is one of my favorite chain restaurants around. I've been to several locations, and recently tried out the Philly when I saw they posted a deal on Groupon.
The deal included a cheese fondue split for two, two salads, and two dinner fondue entrees. Sadly, dessert (which is the best part!) was not included. 
I decided to try the Spinach Artichoke Cheese Fondue- which was delicious. The cheese comes with several dippers- bread, grapes, apples, and other veggies. PLEASE NOTE- you can get refills on the dripping supplies! (this is something I hadn't discovered until this trip- it makes a world of difference and applies to the cheese and dessert!)
My go to salad here is the California. The portion is small- but it is delicious. 
For the main entree I got to select three dripping items, I went with: 
1. Teriyaki-Marinated Sirloin- My personal favorite. 
2. Pacific White Shrimp
3. Filet Mignon
All three were delicious, and personally I would stay away from the ravioli as it breaks up in the pot- and the meats are some much better anyways. The entrees also come with veggies to put in your pot and 6 dipping sauces. I have yet to pick a favorite as they are all wonderful. 
As they say- save the best for last... DESSERT! There are about 5 different chocolate pots you can pick from- and not one of them is a bad choice. I personally love the smores pot. The chocolate comes with delicious dessert dipper including: strawberries, cheesecake, rice krispies, marshmallows, pound cake, brownies, and bananas. YUM. I ended up ordering dessert fondue for one and split it with the person I was with. There was plenty of chocolate for both of us- and like I said- they will refill the dippers! 
The melting pot is located in a pretty crowded area of Philly- so parking options are limited. I would suggest parking in a garage- there are plenty in the area. Call ahead and find out which lots the Melting Pot validates. My parking originally was $28, but with the validation it was only $8 for 5 hours!
The food, location, atmosphere, and staff were all great and I hope to be visiting this Melting Pot again soon.This place is insanely expensive (if you don't go there for restaurant week or have some special inside deal). Only gone without a "deal" once. But for $35, I love it. Yes, you have to cook your own entree but that's part of the fun of it. And who doesn't like dipping bread and apples in melted cheese? The drinks are a little overpriced but the chocolate at the end more than makes up for it!Yayyyyy, 
it was the 1st time i do dinner with my chem e friend, Melinda. We was so happy and stuffed with the whole experience we got in the pot. 
1. I love the decor they have in here. Downstair where the bar is and some tables is the main flooor of the melting pot. We sat upstair where was quite and nice. 
2. I love cooking for mysefl in this place because it was a great experience. That's how i enjoy eating soooo much. We had a deal which comes with two salads, one cheese fondu, one meaty fondu and chocolate fondu. All of these is our choices from the menu they have. 
3. The service was fantastic. Our server was so nice who told us every details about the menu and she showed us how to use/change/cook the food in their best. 
I highly recommend this place if you go on a date and want to impress him/her.This place has definitely changed over the years since I first tried it, but it's gotten better with age. What a really nice place eat, and the whole concept from start to finish is amazing. It's a bit pricey, but the food and service are well worth it IMHO. A+ service from start to finish.Huge pots of melted gooey cheese and rich chocolate. What took me so long to eat here?! 
My boyfriend took me here for Restaurant Week and it was just oh-so-cheesy (in a good way). It was very romantic, and a bit too warm (possibly from the love radiating off all these couples... or maybe from the burners sitting on each table). We fell in love with our spinach artichoke cheese-- even asking for seconds on our bread and veggie dippers. The California and House salads were great, which is surprising since I thought salads come only in two categories: gross and edible. 
I do wish we have better cooks, by that I mean I wish we are better cooks. We were a bit neurotic with our entrees-we sat there with a stopwatch app out,  but then again, we are dealing with raw meat here. Our cookie n cream fondue with flambee marshmallow was amazing, especially with the strawberries and poundcake dippers (theres also brownies, rice krispies treats, cheesecake and marshmallows dippers but that just made things way too sweet for me). 
Definitely coming back for the cheese and chocolate. I may skip on the entree next time. Asking "Does this look done to you?" over and over tend to kill the mood a bit.Fun place to eat for a change of pace.  Wouldn't go more than once or twice a year.  A very nice place for couples dating.  Highly recommend.Service was great, and the experience was well thought out (they give kids colored pencils instead of crayons, for example - crayons would melt on the burner). The meat, vegetables and sauces were all very tasty. We had a good time!Some people don't like chain restaurants, I am not one of them.  
While cheese fondue is the default for most Americans, and the chocolate fondue's the newest crowd pleaser, it's the old-fashion European style oil fondue that I love.  Sure the broth fondues are healthier, but if I wanted to have hot pot, I'd take myself down to Chinatown.  
I am not bashing the cheese or chocolate, both are wonderful at the Melting Pot.  Whether you're more traditional like me (swiss and wine) or southwestern minded (fiesta cheese), the cheese course shouldn't be missed.  The chocolate fondue choices are equally diverse, delicious, and decadent.  I also always get a kick out of watching the waiters mix the ingredients together table-side, waiting anxiously for the pots to simmer. 
But as for the main course, go for the oil.  I find that there's no better way to cook chunks of meat than in oil.  The oil creates a nice barrier that seals in the juices, so you end up with much juicier pieces of meat than if cooked in broth.  And oil does not mean oily.  The oil also comes with a couple tempura pre-fry batters.  One trick the waiter will show you is how to stuff your mushroom caps with the green goddess sauce, roll it in tempura batter, and fry it until golden brown.  Fried stuffed mushrooms!  Just remember to let it cool, or you'll end up melting the roof of your mouth.  
Word of caution though: don't bring kids.  It was hard enough teaching some of our older guests to cook their food, I would be more wary of second degree burns than undercooked chicken if kids were involved.  So leave the real kids at home, come here with someone fun, and have a good time poking at and playing with your food.Horrible!!! The waitress we got was rude as ever it was my 21st birthday and the ying yang martini was so watered down the apple martini was too sweet! The waitress was rolling her eyes and basically giving us her ass to kiss. All in all horrible I will not be going back there.Holy moley. Hands down one of my absolute favorite places to eat. Fiesta cheese, amazing. House salad, I'm drooling. The entree, just ok. This is actually my least favorite part of the meal (awful, I know!) but I can never cook the pieces 'just right' for my taste. But it's fully my fault! And last, but certainly NEVER least, the chocolate dessert. OMG. Wow. No words. Love this place! I go here as much as my paycheck allows (so maybe a few times a year :)Went for Restaurant Week, my second time to Melting Pot during a restaurant week. Last time I ordered the "King of Prussia" entree, with cold water lobster tail, steak, shrimp, etc. This time I ordered the "Chestnut Hill", with shrimp, teryaki sirloin, steak, spicy shrimp, chicken, and a gorgonzola & spinach ravioli. YUM.
Service was a tad slow even though our reservation was for 9pm and it wasn't that busy. We arrived early so we sat at the bar, it took the bartender 15 full minutes to even ask me what I wanted...again, they weren't that busy. We were seated and started our meal shortly there after. The food here is always good, our group liked the Wisconsin Trio fondue for our appetizer, although we did run out of fondue before dippers.
It was very obvious to me, the moment we were served our entrees, how the economy is affecting food prices--not that I don't already know it, being that I work in a restaurant!--the portion sizes were definitely smaller than last year. 
For Dessert--we got the S'more fondue. 
oh. my. goodness. Delicious. Amazing. YUM. I want to make this at home.
Will definitely go back for a 3rd, 4th, 5th visit :)Went here for a birthday party with the company of good friends.  The company was great, I just wish this place would give you more bang for the buck!  We just did cheese and chocolate fondue because otherwise prices would be a bit steep.  
The fondues themselves were great with great selection, but SERIOUSLY, Melting Pot, give us more food to dip, dammit!My friends and I went for Center City Sips. The only 2 cocktails on the menu were super weak, so that was disappointing. The spinach and artichoke fondue was great, of course. The "fresh" veggies for the cheese were a bit soggy, but I still enjoyed the dish. 
The Sips menu said that you get 15% off if you stay for dinner. Well, buyer beware: you have to order an entree, a salad, AND chocolate fondue for dinner (the menu doesn't say). I thought that was pretty shady of them. They should be more transparent on their Sips menu.
I had the ahi tuna steak... there were 9 pieces of tuna for $24.95... that was kind of dumb. But it tasted fine, nothing mindblowing. You really go more for the experience (and the cheese fondue)!
Nevertheless, my group and I had a nice time and left stuffed.My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. I made reservations prior and they asked us if we were celebrating anything and I told them it was our 1 year anniversary. We were greeted with a card and a chocolate candle from the hostess. Our waiter Jason was AMAZING. He explained everything wonderfully to us and during chocolate time he greeted us with complimentary champagne. We signed up for their email club and they sent us a coupon with a complimentary box of chocolate covered strawberries too. The staff here made us feel so special, we will definitely come back.Recently visited this location and enjoyed their customer appreciation week special. It may have been because of said offer, but the restaurant was very busy even for a 8:30 pm reservation on a Thursday night. Again, not sure if this is the norm. 
Our waiter seemed to have more tables than e could handle, but he was extremely pleasant so not that big of a deal. Service could have been more attentive with drink refills and such.
This is an awesome place to go for a FUN meal. The hands on aspect of actually preparing parts of your meal is exciting and makes for an entertaining expl. Food quality and taste was good and on par with other Melting Pot locations and visits.
The featured dessert fondue that night was Chocolate Peanut Butter & Bacon and it was delicious.
If park in the garage above the restaurant make sure to have your ticket validated before you leave to save a good bit of money!Always a nice and relaxing experience here. Whether you came with just two or a full group, it'll take at least 2 hours, that is if you get the four course meal. 
It's very simple. For the four course meal, choose a cheese, each person picks their preferred salad and food, but one cooking style, and chocolate at the end of the meal. 
Those first two minutes having to sit and wait for your food to cook may seem like the longest, but after it gets going it runs smoothly, unless you lose a ravioli and are missing the search and retrieve slotted spoon...things could get tricky. 
When I called to make a reservation, which I suggest to do, they asked if it was for a special occasion. It was for my boyfriends birthday and I asked if they did anything special. They gave him a card when we sat down and a candle with the dessert. They don't sing. I'm sure unless you request it they will, but I liked the low key gestures and so did he. As we were leaving, they also gave him a $10 off coupon for his next visit. Nice right? 
Our service was great. Everyone was attentive and organized. The one downside for me is that the lighting is very dim, it takes a few minutes to adjust. Mainly though, being forced not to devour your food gives you a chance to actually digest and enjoy your company more. The food is tasty and you will leave comfortably full. 
*Also, if you park in the above garage don't forget to have the front desk validate the ticket...it saved us $16.Go during restaurant week!! Four course meal for around $35.  Great selection and fun experience. A bit pricey for the rest of the time but the service is always great. I suggest the Cheddar fondu if it's your first time.Prior to visiting the Melting Pot everyone I met who had been there had one of two opinions about it:
"It's so great! it's sooo much fun to cook your food and the chocolate and the broth and the oil is amaaazing! It's a blast! I loved it!!!"
and
"It's a total ripoff. The drinks are outrageously expensive, the experience is mediocre and overrated and you could have as much fun and a better meal for less money virtually anywhere, assuming your friends don't need to cook their own food to interact."
After I went, I have to agree with the #2 version. The atmosphere and service were OK but the prices were pretty unbelievable. I was amazed that it was hard to get a reservation. I won't be back.It's was perfect for me and my gf. Service was outstanding and our server (I think it was Ryan) was totally cool.I've been to many restaurants in my 23 years on this planet. New York's Sushi Samba and NoBu, LA's Koi and even St. John's Ten Tables. While all worthy of applause and laud, sometimes a franchise can surpass the competition. And by 'sometimes' I mean always and by 'a franchise' I mean Melting Pot and by 'surpass' I mean enriched uranium---just kidding.
Although prices may have you waiting for a special occasion to reserve a table, you will not be disappointed. And this is especially a good place for first (or simply awkward) dates because you can elude silences and stares by cooking your own food (then commenting on how cool it is to cook your own food, then watching your food cook, then explaining that she's not really your type but it's not her it's just where you are in life . . .).
Choose the California salad with raspberry black walnut dressing, Gorgonzola cheese and walnuts to start. Then opt for the Wisconsin Trio cheese fondue (the sherry and white wine gives it punch and you a better chance with your date). For dinner, your server will always be accommodating and change what meats you want. I suggest asking for extra filet mignon instead of shrimp and ALWAYS get extra teriyaki sauce. Do I really need to recommend a dessert? Anything will do. (I've created my own: Ask for the flaming turtle with caramel.
The only con: you'll fall in love and need to take out a second mortgage.the food was not bad, cheese was delish, dipping sauces also delish...not a fan of boiling all of my food.........i dont like cooking for myself at a restaurant though........and especially not for the price that they charge. You usually pay high prices (they are not extraordinarily high, but mediocre high) for a nice setting, ambience, someone else cooking your food, hahaha.....but for real....we wont go here again. Food was fresh- service was good----but the waitresses talk a LOT (as far as if you are a 1st time customer)......This is a fondue restaurant.  That means:
1. You do the cooking.
2. You do so essentially a bite at a time, so it's a slow process.
3. As such, you will not be able to cook and eat an enormous quantity of food, even if you're there for 3 hours (which you probably will be).
If that doesn't sound appealing, avoid the Melting Pot, where you will drop $100-$150 a couple for dinner. Otherwise, it's a lot of fun adn the food is good.
My family does a three-course fondue on Christmas Eve every year.  This visit to Melting Pot was the first time I ever fondued outside of that tradition.  I thought it was awesome.
My girlfriend and I went on New Years Eve, so we got a little overcharged but whatever ($170 with tax and tip).  I knew I was spending a lot of money, so I was ready to enjoy myself.  The menu was excellent.
I started with a Caesar Salad; the best I've ever had, thanks to the candied pine-nuts (I'm not a salad guy).  Then we had Loaded Baked Potato Fondue.  Holy-shit-awesome.  For the main course we opted for a special red wine-based fondue, which came with a big plate loaded with filet mignon, bourbon pork, lobster tail, shrimp, chicken breast, ravioli, and maybe something else I can't remember.  The raviolis were gross.  Everything else was awesome.  The quality of the meat was very good.  We didn't finish all the food, so (at their suggestion) we threw it all into the pot to cook, then put it into a box and picked at it over the next couple days.
Dessert was ridiculous: Snickers fondue.  That's right, chocolate, caramel, and peanuts.  The sweets to dip in it were fabulous too, especially the tiny slices of cheesecake.  To make things even better, they refill your dippers for free, as much as you want.  They also brought us champagne.  Nice touch.
I'm a big boy with a big stomach, so yes, I wasn't as full as I might have liked to have been for the $$$.  But I knew that would be the case because it was fondue.  I had a ton of fun with my sweetheart Autumn E, and they gave us a $25 giftcard for our next dinner there.  Which we will use.How can this place not have 5 stars....its amazing. My family and I went for restaurant week. It was 4 of us plus a 1 year old. We were at a small table with 2 burners so we got to choose 2 cheese fondues and 2 dessert fondues. Our server Amanda was AMAZING!!!! The best we have ever had. The 1 year old kept her very busy and she was so gracious and got him extra grapes, strawberries and bread as he was very unhappy when they ran out. We had the swiss and wisconsin trio to start and both were delicious. We emptied the pots. The salads were great. I had the california and my parents had ceasars although my stepmom said her salad had too much dressing. Then for the main course we had a large variety of shrimp, salmon, chicken, lobster, filet mignon the works with red potatoes, baby squash mushrooms asparagus for dessert we had chocolate turtle and banana foster. We left Amanda over 20% tip because she was so phenomenal and even told the manager how amazing she was. We will be back!!!I am usually a snob when it comes to chains and try to avoid chain restaurants whenever possible, but I have to make an exception for the Melting Pot. I went with a group of 5 girls on a Saturday night. This is a great place for a group of friends or a date. It is not the most amazing meal I have ever had but it is a lot of fun and different from the typical dining experience. 
We ordered the 4 course option which was a ton of food. We ordered 4 orders of the 4 course option, instead of 5 orders even though there were 5 of us (great idea as mentioned by our cute, nice waiter Kevin). Since the cheese, main dish and dessert come out family style with a fondue pot, they just charge $5 extra for the extra salad since the salads are all individual dishes. We had the cheddar cheese fondue and the boston lager cheddar cheese fondue and both were very good- they both had unique tastes even though both had cheddar with the boston lager having a more distinct and powerful taste that I loved..  They give unlimited veggies, apples and bread to dip in the cheese. Apples and cheese do seem a little strange but they will bring out more veggies and bread if you aren't into the apples. One thing I didn't like was that the salads were brought out before we finished our cheese so we felt a little rushed. The spinach mushroom salad was good, especially the dressing. We asked for more bread for the cheese but then the main dish came out pretty quickly after our soups and salads so again we felt rushed which is annoying because one of the main reasons why we went to Melting Pot was so that we could sit and talk over a long meal without being rushed. The waiter was great though and left cheese and told us not to feel rushed and we could take as long as we want with the cheese. Part of the problem may have been that we are a group of chatty girls that probably spend more time talking than eating so I don't blame the waiter. He was very friendly and attentive to our table.
We had a mixture of meats and fish for our main course and the fish and meat were all seasoned well. We had the veggie/ Court Bouillon and also the Coq au Vin which is a few bucks more for the cooking styles and both were tasty. It is a little weird having raw meat sitting on the table so the main course is my least favorite. 
For dessert, which was my favorite, we tried the Yin and Yang and pure chocolate- both were very good. They give a generous amount of dippers (strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, rice krispies, brownies and marshmallows.) Both the Yin and Yang fondue and the Yin and Yang martinis are so pretty that you almost don't want to eat/ drink them but both are as tasty as they are beautiful. 
With the 4 course meal, you will be very stuffed. I had two martinis which were not weak but also not overly strong and I wasn't even buzzed at the end of the meal. We stopped at the bar after dinner for a final drink and didn't realize the restaurant closes at 11. The bartender brought our drinks and never made us feel rushed that they were closing.Went tonight , was not crowded. The experience was ok but I did not know that you have to cook your own meat.  Was the point of going out for. Anyway won't go again.  And very priceyToday clarifies why I rated the Melting Pot a 5 the first go around. The service is spectacular.  Eric our bartender/ waiter is beyond amazing. He knows the menu like the back of his hand. Most importantly he genuinely seems to love his job. He even went after us when we forgot something. Have people like Eric work for you is what does it for me. The food as always was beyond amazing. What really added to the meal was Eric's knowledge of the food and drinks he serves! Thanks Melting Pot can't wait to be back!Definitely a fun experience to try. Cheese pot, there aren't many places like this one. I don't like the service tho. They were like we can't sit too long we have to leave for others . Blah blah blah overall I enjoyed itWent late last night for desert. We had Eric as our waiter, who was SO awesome to us. We were served quick and treated well. We enjoyed our desert without interruptions. They gave us more star errors to finish our chocolate fondue which was amazing. We were in and out of there really quick, which is what we wanted!Wonderful food, wonderful restaurant and wonderful service! We will be back!
The restaurant is easy to find and is located close to Reading Terminal Market. We had a wonderful booth for two that was small and intimate and really gave us the experience we were hoping for. We were there during happy hour so we each ordered the "simply happy hour" meal which includes cheese, entree and chocolate. We also each had a drink. I had the love martini and it was delicious!
Our waiter Eddie is what put this experience over the top for us. We have been to other melting pot locations and never before have we felt so appreciated as we did with Eddie. He was attentive, helpful and very friendly.
Overall the experience was wonderful and we can't wait to go back!I will not go here again.  Please note:  I do not make it a habit of writing bad reviews.  However, this dining experience merits a bad review, so I will take the time to write one...
Reasons for One Star Rating...
1.  Getting a reservation is difficult at best.  My options were 4:30 or 9pm.  I chose 9pm--which is somewhat reasonable, though we've made reservations for more reasonable times at better restaurants on less notice and had no problem doing so.  I thought that perhaps, since it was so clearly booked, that this would be a fantastic dining experience.  It was not.
2.  It is expensive.  We ordered the anniversary dinner, which was a special and a good $20 cheaper per person than the regular meal.  We ordered an extra cheese fondue (see #3) and two drinks each, and our bill came to over $150 with tip.  That is a LOT of money for some raw meat and chicken stock.
3.  My husband really liked the cheese part of the dinner, and to be fair, it WAS really good.  He wanted to order a different variety, and did so.  The waiter's mood immediately changed.  He literally started banging pots and stomping around.  I get very upset when people are angry with me--and I honestly didn't understand what was wrong.  It was not like we were the last people there; there were several other tables present.  We were later informed that 'THERE IS NO 'IN THE MEANTIME' by said rude waiter--I guess my husband said--nicely--'can we have another cheese in the meantime', and this is what sent the waiter over the edge.  He was mad that we ordered something that delayed the arrival of our entree (which was, again, in case you missed it, six small pieces of raw meat and a large pot of boiling stock)  I realize he may have been about to be cut, but still, when one pays that much for a sub-par dinner, the service should at least be civil.  I'm not asking for butt-kissing niceness--just don't make me cry, please.  
Have I mentioned that we will not be going here again?  Ever.Tacky, 'Hi my name is Tiffany and I'll be your server' service. Food was not that great, the vegetables that came with our platter were browning. The place made our clothes smell terrible afterwards. Spent $140 for dinner for two, only one bottle of wine, complete rip-off.OMG! That is the first thing that comes to mind when thinking of my very first visit to this amazing restaurant!!! My boyfriend and I were in town for my birthday, the big 28! We went to the Mets Phillies game that day (we are huge Mets fans) and the Mets won, WOO HOO! We were having the best day and I had made reservations the day prior. I spoke with I think Patrick to make the reservation, it was very easy and he was very helpful. I told him we were coming to town to celebrate my birthday. I told him we were staying at the Doubletree; he even made sure I had the correct directions to get there! Nice guy. We arrived to the restaurant about 30 minutes early. I was prepared to wait but Lauren sat us right away! She was VERY knowledgeable and walked us through the whole menu. Being first timers to the Melting Pot the menu can be a bit intimidating, but she was very through and made sure all of our questions were answered. I was also surprised to see a card lying on the table saying "Happy Birthday" WOW what a place. It was a personalized card wishing me Happy Birthday from the whole Melting Pot team...very much appreciated! We then met Terry our server. What a nice guy! He was very pleasant and easy going and made our visit extra special! He again made sure we had no questions and when we did, answered every one with a smile! The meal experience was so fun! This is the first time my boyfriend and I have ever done anything like this and it will not be the last! The rest of the team was also very attentive. Whenever we had an empty dish, it did not sit on the table for long! Someone would come over right away and take any dirty dishes. About half way through our meal the Manager Alexis stopped by to check on us and to ask how everything was going. We gave her an earful! We were ranting and raving about our visit thus far. She was very sweet and asked us if we needed anything at all. The Melting Pot is very lucky to have people like Terry, Lauren and Alexis working for them. Lastly, I HAVE to mention how special Terry made our dessert. He heard that we were Mets fans when we first got there and really put his creativity to work. He served our dessert on plates that had the Mets decal under plastic wrap!! !!! WOW! It was something so small that made my night PERFECT! He was truly great and next time we go back we will be asking for Terry. Everyone was so great and made my birthday extra special! When we were leaving I was given a cute little candle and a coupon to come back again, greatly appreciated. Thank you so much for taking the extra time and going the extra step for your customers....we do notice!We had a great time on date night. We made reservations for 5, when they opened, since the reviews said many people waited 45 mins for their food later in the evening. We ordered the Fondue for you which is a choice of 3 meats. We had a Groupon for $40 incl salad, Fondue for you and 1 cooking style; we had Coq a vin. Pear Gorgonzola salad was great as was house salad and dressing. 
We weren't super hungry, but we eat a lot and we were satisfied. It doesn't look like a lot of food but u eat slowly as u cook eat piece of meat in ur fondue pot, and veggies are unlimited. I recommend putting in potatoes 10 mins prior to adding any meats. They recommend 5 mins. They take at least 15, unless u like hard, half done redskins. We had teriyaki sirloin, shrimp, salmon, filet Mignon and andouille sausage. We had approximately 5 or 6 chunks of each meat and 6 shrimp in each order. All were great. We didn't follow their recommended timing as we prefer our food thoroughly cooked (exc the steaks). Teriyaki sirloin is seasoned w sesame seeds and was more tender than the filet. The green goddess sauce was delicious followed by the curry and plum sauces. 
We didn't have room for dessert and we didn't order an appetizer. 
The waitress and hostess were nice but alouf. The manager was very nice. We were served within 15 minutes.Highly recommend coming here during restaurant week otherwise it is pretty pricey. If you come during restaurant week it's about $35 for dinner I think plus tax and tip (good deal considering if you came here any other time it would be like $100 for two people). I'd recommend coming here in like groups of 2s so like 2,4,6, because you'll be sharing a pot with someone. come here if you like fondue (don't  need to necessarily like chocolate). 
Spinach Artichoke Cheese Fondue is super good! The cheese is delicious! I was greedy and kept dipping more bread (save your stomach for the main meal).
I got a random selection of meat (shrimp, beef, pork dumpling) and we picked the tempura pot. Not much flavor obviously but it comes with 6 different sauces so it makes up for it.  I like the blue cheese and the garlic sauce. You can always ask for more sauce, bread, etc. 
For dessert I got the oreo one, super tasty! Unlimited fruit, brownies, etc.
They explain how everything works when you get there since they will ask you if it's your first time. 
It's prob not terribly filling but if you load up on the carbs you'll be good.  It's a fun experience like interactive cooking fondue style. 
Note: Takes like 3 hours....would not recommend coming here on a first dateI'm a fondue fan and I like the concept but in my opinion, for the price, this place should offer more quality and better products. You leave full of bread, carrots, potatoes, pound cake... but they barely give you any meat/fish. 
I went there for our anniversary. The ambience was intime but the waiter was too intrusive and kept asking questions about our lives as he cared. That was kind of wierd. 
The cheese fondue was the best but it wasn't mind blowing. They only give you bread to dip. The bread was kind of hard and not French at all. I'm usually not so picky but I need to be when I'm paying 17 dollars for this pot of melted cheese. 
The entree was very disappointing: we got a bunch of vegetables to boil in a broth and only 3 small pieces of meat, fish and something else. I have blocked this part from my memory.  I'm paying 25 bucks for this entree per person! Throw some steak there! and if you want a special broth, you gotta pay extra. What??
The end the night, we ordered a chocolate fondue. The one with caramel and pecans. It was good, what not to like about chocolate? but it wasn't real chocolate! It was good but it didn't stand out. They give you a lot of things to dip in the chocolate but nothing that taste good (other than the strawberries) Every other thing was too heavy and sweet. 
The 9 dollar cocktails were uneventful (I don't even remember the names. Something pink that tasted like cool-aid)  and they definitely lacked alcohol.
BREF,   I like the idea but I won't be back: the food is not worth the price!I was really looking forward to eating here as I heard so much about this place. Finally hit this up while visiting Philly.  I recently found out we actually have a Melting Pot in Hawaii but its on Maui and I'm on Oahu.
This place was good. I don't think you get as much food for your money here. The fondue you cook the food in was ok. Some sauces the flavorings felt "off".  The dessert was awesome however - they had fruit, marshmallows and different types of chocolate - that was better than the meal itself!After hearing rave reviews of the Melting Pot for years now a group of friends ventured out to give it a try. The concept is very cool, especially for a group, BUT it's entirely too expensive for a pot of cheese and some chicken/steak/seafood. Also, the portion sizes are soooo small that when we got done the entire group wanted to go to Pat's for a cheesesteak because we were all starving (that was including desert!). 
The waitress was fine, but the place is too cutesy and the attempts at an air of sophistication are very fake. You're better off buying a fondu pot and having friends over your house because it would be money better spent than on a joke of an establishment that barely feeds people (except the unlimited bread). What a joke!Cheese and chocolate fondue are both great and this is a fun place to go. However, there is something about cooking meat/seafood in a pot that is just plain weird. It still tastes OK but it is not worth the price.
Stick to the cheese fondue and/or chocolate fondue and you'll save yourself a lot of money that you can use on a good meal.
Had some after dinner drinks that were both very good and strong, too.