'Grossly underwhelming and peculiar' is the most concise way to describe the dining experience.
Four of us had the four course tasting menu.  Peculiarly, we were able to select an item from each - app, pasta, entree and dessert - so we were left wondering what its importance is.
Nevertheless, the highlight was my friend's short rib ragu - they were melt in your mouth tender over surprisingly light, fluffy pillows of gnocchi.  Everything else went downhill.  The pasta special black pepper linguini with scallops were good, the spring risotto was standard, the antipasti was stale, as if it sat awhile, the desserts were standard, nothing to sing about.  The lowest point was my strip steak, well done instead of medium rare as ordered, but the brussel sprouts were absolutely fubar'd - overcooked and so overvinegared that none of us could even identify them.
The service could have used some work.  When asking our server about the tasting, the opening statement was the rule stated in the menu - that everyone at the table must participate.  After dropping our entrees and offering cracked pepper, the runner scurried away as I was saying yes.  Our server must have sensed our discontent, having dropped off our check before we could finish our desserts and coffee.
At over $50 a head not including tip and its air of exclusivity (cash only, no reservations), I hoped for either better service or stellar food.  Unfortunately, as both left me extremely unsatisfied, there will be no repeat for me.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly, hands down.  I've been just about everywhere, and while there are other places that might be better for special occasions, in terms of food quality, price, and atmosphere, Mercato can't be beat for a regular dining spot.
The restaurant itself is cozy and romantic.  The floors are hardwood, with exposed brick on the walls.  The kitchen is open and right in the back of the dining area.  The space is really tiny, and the tables are very close together, which may seem uncomfortable at first, but it really creates a lovely atmosphere.  In the warmer months, there are outdoor tables that you can sit at as well.  It's a BYOB, so you save some money by bringing your own bottle (or two!). 
The service here is flawless, and the host or hostess will send a text when your table is ready, so you can grab a drink at one of the other bars nearby, or take a stroll through the beautiful, quiet surrounding neighborhoods.  A few things you should know beforehand: (1) Mercato doesn't take reservations, so there is often a wait.  Sometimes it can be pretty long if you are trying to get a table at prime dinner time.  (2) The place is tiny.  There is barely any room.  When it is full, it gets really loud.  There will also not be much space between you and other parties.  If you have a big party, it can take a really long time to get a table because you will need to wait for several parties to get up before they can join the tables. (3) It's cash only, and not exactly cheap, so fill up your wallet beforehand.  If you do forget to bring cash, there is a convenience store a short walk away that has an ATM you can use.  
The food is where Mercato excels.  I highly recommend the meatballs for an appetizer.  There are really flavorful, and the sauce is one of the best I've had on anything.  The meat and cheese trays are also really delicious, and everything is high-quality.  I brought my father here once, and both of us tried salads and were delicious.  
For an entree, I always get the bolognese.  Every time I come here, I say I'm going to get something different, but then I see it and I end up ordering the same thing.  I can't say enough good things about the bolognese.  The dish combines pasta with chunks of veal and pork in a cheesy, cream sauce.  The meat is extremely (and I mean EXTREMELY) flavorful, and the noodles are perfect to hold the sauce.  
At first the portion looks a bit small, but it's really more than enough.  They have a side that combines broccoli rabe with sausage and meatballs and is also one of my favorites. 
Finally, the service is where Mercato really shines and has won me over for life.  Earlier this winter, we decided to go on a cold evening.  We got there and were told it would be a twenty minute wait.  We waited outside under the heat lamps for almost an hour.  At first, we were frustrated about being told such an incorrect estimate, but when we were finally seated, they apologized profusely, and brought out a free meat and cheese tray with other goodies.  When our meatballs were brought out a bit too rare, they cooked the originals more and brought us out an additional order as well.  Overall, I recommend Mercato to absolutely anyone.Completely fabulous. I went with four other people, while visiting friends in Philly, and the outdoor seating was charming, the service was pretty good (our waiter spilled a bunch of the prosecco we brought so that was kind of "meh", but other than that, he was great) and the food was AMAZING. 
We did not get the tasting menu, but we did make sure to get a different dish for each person, in order to sample. My favorite was (conveniently) my own dish. I had the special, which was a proscsiutto wrapped some sort of meaty white fish...I want to say sole...(this was a week ago...) with crab meat flaking around it and covered in beurre blanc sauce. I think my mouth just started to water while typing this...
There were also scallops, pyramid pasta, squid ink pasta, and the ragu. All perfectly excellent. The dessert left a wee bit to be desired. (Gelatto in an espresso cup is not, like, the most exciting thing in the world.) But I'm still giving five stars for such a nice evening.
The outdoor summer ambiance was totally charming. We arrived at 8pm, just enough time to enjoy the setting sun and then have dessert by candlelight.
If you're in Philly and you want to enjoy a special occasion without going the far end of the high dining spectrum, I definitely recommend this place.i likes!  loved that the whole menu was restaurant week approved. this place was all about the food, no frills. nowadays, i lean towards the small, homey restos. this place definitely suits that. great byob spot.
started with bruschetta and grilled octo for appis. the octo could not have been more perfect (not chewy at all!) and mushroom bruschetta yummo.  entree was scallops and sea bass. scallops was plumpy and went well with mushroom risotto. loved the cripy skinned sea bass. tiramisu and cheesecake were moist and not too sweet.
trust me you would want to skip r2l or xix this time....choose this place instead and you won't regret your choice!Not too thrilled with our Mercato experience,  the space is cramped and HOT, we had to fan ourselves with the menus and actually had to ask for ice for the water! It is also loud due to the acoustics, spent most of the night asking people to "say that again". The food was ok but a bit bland in my opinion and pricey, but it's CASH ONLY and gratuity included with our group of five. The only thing that was great about it was that it's BYOB.Love this place! This is one of our top 3 restaurants. The food is amazing and we have never been disappointed. The restauarant itself is very cozy, but that is part of the experience. We have been here multiple times and will continue to go!This was my third and, most importantly, LAST time coming to Mercato. I brought my parents here for their anniversary dinner because I had raved about the 4 course dinner with large portions (my parents love taking food home) and a reasonable price. 
Turns out the price jumped from $48 to $56 and the first course was changed from choosing your own appetizer to a plate of charcuterie for the table to share. 
The appetizer was my favorite course and it's removal would have already made me think twice about coming again. However, the fact that they raised the price and ALSO removed one of the courses, to be replaced with a $10 spread of charcuterie, was insulting. 
Mercato, while small, is packed every time I have been there so I guess I get it. But they are too greedy for me and I definitely will no longer be dining there.My wife and l had dinner there yesterday. It was our second time there. And just like the first time, the food was incredible. We started with the meatballs stuffed with cheese. Then we split the rosemary pasta with a wild boar ragu. And finished with the scallops. Yum, yum, yum!! The staff was friendly and helpful. We are already looking forward to going back.We went there last night for rest week. This was our first time there. The place is very small n it seats 56 ppl!! I'm glad that wasn't the case last night cuz we would have to leave right away. This place is a gem to find BUT wayyy too cramped. We were greeted by a very friendly staff. We told her it's our first time here. Her recommendations on our entire meal was ON POINT!!! Everything was delicious!!! The ambiance was quiet n romantic. I love how they have an open kitchen. I've posted some pics of our wonderful n very tasty dinner. Btw, it byob n cash only. That's a plus. We like to dine at byob cuz you know how much you can crank up that bill with a couple of drinks. I love love this place, but do hope they might cut back on the seatings a bit. Whatever your conversations will be, the next couple will def hear EVERYTHING!! Even IF you whisper. Oh n the couple will be able to see your texts too. I'm still giving it a five star cuz I can't give six for the food. It's THAT goodI loved Mercato!! I ordered the pyramid pasta, and it was delicious. I also tried both of my friends meals, and they were right up there in amazingness with my meal. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. We also had the bruschetta trio as an appetizer. You guessed it--great again!!  The cherry on top is that Mercato is a BYOB restaurant. I will be back!Came for a friends birthday, loved absolutely everything about this restaurant!! The food was delicious and perfectly portioned, staff was attentive and very accommodating! Love this quaint BYOB, will definitely be back!!!Some of the best food I've had... period.  We walked in at 7:30 on Tuesday night and didn't have to wait at all.  The market salad was perfectly balanced; the tiramisu was good, but I wouldn't order it again; the duck with walnut crust and cherries was heavenly.   The flavors were delicate and well balanced and everything was cooked to perfection.
If paying cash and waiting for a table isn't your cup of tea... feel free to go somewhere else.  I found the food, the service, and the experience delightful.
FYI - they do take reservations from 5-6:30Wow! I love the BYO and the fresh take on classics. Food here is not particularly innovative, but simple and fresh. I had the charred caesar's salad. This is a must-order for those who like anchovies. 
Though deafeningly loud inside, it is still great! I'll come back again.Mercato is one of the last great BYOs in the city. The food is delicious and the service is very good. Four stars only because the seating is VERY cozy.  But perhaps that's part of the charm.This BYO makes me look forward to winter because I know they will be coming out with an amazing winter vegetable risotto.  I love meat dishes, but the veggie risotto is so good that you don't miss the protein for a second. 
Atmosphere is subdued and intimate.  The service has always been amazing. Never get tired of going back!Could we call this our favorite BYOB ever?  I think we could.  We save this spot for special occasions, every couple years though.  I absolutely love the feel of this place - I am a sucker for a cozy, casual-chic, kinda atmosphere where you're so close to the other customers that you can rub elbows with them.  It reminds me of the tiny little restaurants all over Italy that have absolutely fantastic food.  
And the food.  is. so. GOOD!  We end up not being able to resist ordering a meat and cheese plate (prosciuttos, french and belgian cheeses), which we realize doesn't take much preparation.  But it goes so well with a nice bottle of wine and it really sets the mood for the whole dinner.  
Every dish we've ordered here have been excellent.  Most recently, the market salad, Spaghetti and grilled octopus, Crispy skin striped bass. The service was friendly and good, but it was quite slow the last time we were here, and we were almost late for our theater show (we'd reserved for 2 hours before the showtime).  Oh and the serving sizes are quite generous too, for a restaurant of this type.  We took some leftovers home, and didn't have any room left for dessert.I have to say that I thought my dining experience at Mercato was very average. The service was quick and efficient, but like other reviewers have noted this place is regularly slammed, crowded and loud and staff seems overstretched, but they were polite. I had the meatballs as an appetizer and they were tough and not very flavorful; the meatballs I had a Little Nonna's were far better. I also had the seafood pasta dish and the pasta was very al dente and had little flavor. The tiramisu for dessert was also average. I've had better Italian meals at strip malls in Jersey - seriously. I feel you are paying for the "cool" factor/ambiance with this place and compensating for the fact that it's a BYOB. It's pasta, people - it shouldn't be expensive. However, I will share that the friends I was with really enjoyed their meals so it very much could've been my experience. I will also say, however, that I can't think of another restaurant in Philly where I paid as much and enjoyed my meal as little. As a comparison, I ate at Bistro La Minette a few days prior and that was hands down one of the best meals of my life. So, if you want OK and pricey Italian, but with a cool city feel and a BYO then this might be your place. If you want really good Italian at fairer rates, explore other options.My friend Danielle took me here for my birthday. We both had a very nice time. The weather was nice at the time so, we sat outside. Mercato is a BYOB, so it was nice to bring one of our favorite bottle's of wine, instead of being gauged for a bottle of their choosing. The food was delicious. We sampled three different plates. The dessert was just divine. The waitress surprised me with a birthday candle on it, which I generally dislike, but apparently my friend set that up in advance so it was very much appreciated. We were served by two or three people, which we did not mind at all. Everyone was nice, friendly, fast (but efficient) and made my birthday dinner quite memorable. Thanks Mercato!Mercato is the kind of place 5 yelp star reviews should be reserved for. This Italian BYOB has some of the best food I've ever tasted and I can't believe it took me so long to try it. 
I went here for restaurant week and was blown away with all three courses. The famous artichoke lived up to the hype, I would gladly bathe in that sauce, but the calamari stole the appetizer show. The meat was so tender yet smokey on the outside which just went perfect with all the other components (especially the different kinds of olives). It was served like a salad and a bite with a little bit of everything was to die for. 
I tried both the short rib ragu and the pyramid pasta, both very rich and delicious. The gnocchi was shaped differently than I'm used to but those little ricotta balls were some of the best I've ever had. Amazing sauce that I was sure to soak up 100% with the table side served bread. You can't go wrong with the combination of brown butter and lobster/shrimp, I could eat those pyramids every meal. 
Dessert was the perfect ending to such a great meal. Both the cheesecake and chocolate cake won't win originality points, but the taste speaks for itself. The chocolate cake was warm and moist and served over ice cream, completing the knockout punch for my food coma. 
Our reservation was for 7:30 and we were seated promptly. We were on the somewhat rushed side but I was quick to forgive them as the combination of restaurant week chaos and torrential downpour shook things up as the outdoor tables were out of commission. Nonetheless, the service improvised and did a great job considering how small this place is. 
Can't wait to go back and try everything else.I came here with a friend for Restaurant Week, which is only slightly smaller menu than their regular a la carte. Luckily, we were prepared and set multiple reminders to bring cash and a bottle of wine. Like the reviews say, it's a cluster of jammed tables in the small dining room. We felt lucky to be at a table against the wall to lean our wine bottles against it. 
Having looked at the menu beforehand, we decided to share the market salad and fontina stuffed meatballs to start. The arugula salad was light and refreshing with its grapefruit and rosemary vinaigrette, plus a nice rich and creamy chunk of burrata on top. The meatballs were classic with a delicious gravy that begs for bread to be dipped in. 
For our entrees, we both knew that we had to get pasta here. I got the spicy crab squid ink bucatini, which was amazing. The thick tomato sauce, with calabrian chilies and a slight touch of cream, had decent chunks of crab in it. The pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente.  My friend got the short rib ragu with gnocchi, which she was a little apprehensive about since that can be very heavy. But the gnocchi here is done right; they're light, fluffy pillows of ricotta, not dense at all. 
For dessert, we shared the cannoli and tiramisu. The tiramisu was classic and, thankfully, also light. The cannoli was filled with a banana flavored cream, which didn't quite taste right, served with dried cherries. It left me wishing for a classic version. 
One of the best things about the Restaurant Week menu is that it's pretty similar to their standard menu, so it really is a great deal. The best time to visit is during the summer with their al fresco dining that makes your dinner feel less cramped.I'm dreaming of the Bouillabaisse.  A bowl of steamy seafood goodness that I could eat every day.  Really delicious menu - a little meaty for those of a vegan tendency though and TINY, so don't count on conversation with your dinner guest.  But if you are lucky enough to get a table, you'll be too busy eating to talk anyway.Not impressed. We sat on a table near the kitchen that was very hot (from the heat coming out of the kitchen). When we said how uncomfortable it was, they did not offer to move us to another table.
The service not impressive and most importantly the food options are not wide. I ordered the lamb sirloin and it was probably the worst I have ever had.Atmosphere:  
Very tight, very close to other tables, loud inside, but we sat out on the sidewalk which was nice.
Beverages:  
The best kind, your own!
Cuisine: 
My Fiance and I have heard such great things about Mercato, so we tried to love it, we really did, but it just wasn't that great.  She had the red pepper soup, which was pretty good but a little too spicy we both thought (and we both love very spicy food).  The mozzarella stuffed meatballs were OK, the marinara they were resting in wasn't very good, there was not much cheese stuffed in them, and the cheese wasn't very flavorful. 
For entrees we tried the spicy crab bucatini which was pretty tasty and the ink noodles it sat on are certainly something different, but I don't think I would ever come back and pay full price for them.  I had the Pyramid pasta which sounded really delicious, but was really lacking in the flavor department, it all tasted very bland, needed more seasoning, and the chunks of lobster were chopped in pretty large chunks so some bites would have a huge chunk, and others wouldn't have any.  I thought it could've been done a lot better.
Desert was definitely what saved this place, at least for my fiance.  The goat cheese sorbet with balsamic reduction was fantastic, definitely the best desert either of us have had in a while both from a taste and creativity standpoint.  The Tiramisu I had was good, but like the meal as a whole, nothing to write home about.
Service:
The wait staff was fine, polite and professional, our only comment was that it took a long time by US standards (2.5 hours for the whole meal) which isn't a big deal to us, but it is something to be noted.
I think with a little more aggressive seasoning and flavors, this place could be top notch, but until then, it's just another pretty-good and slightly over-priced BYOB in Philly.First the bad. Actually, pretty bad. We, party of 7, had 8:15 reservations for which we were told we would be charged $25 for any no shows. Wow!  At 8:00 we were called and told we wouldn't be seated until 8:30 - 8:45 as they were running a little late. Ok, so our party meets @ 8:15 and we are told to go to a bar or somewhere and they will call us when the table becomes available. So we go down the street and have a drink and never get a call. At 8:45 we go back to Mercato and are told that our table will be ready shortly. At 9:20 we are finally seated. Over an hour past one's reservation is just unacceptable. 
We were comped an appetizer tray that was mediocre at best for our troubles. If we had had no shows we were going to be charged $25 but an hour delay on their part was worth only a tray of some salami and cheese?
The place is small so it does get loud, especially when there are larger groups like us in there. If you're a large group, as we were, it is difficult to hear or converse with those at opposite ends of your table. I would not recommend for larger parties as  it is better suited for smaller parties and is probably a great romantic spot.
Now the good. Our meals were as described in other reviews. We had an array of appetizers, main courses, and desserts.  Earl and Mike both said the potato leek soup, a late addition to the menu, was good. Michele had  the bruchetta and said it was ok, apparently not liking her appetizer as much as the rest of us.  Noelle and Desiree had the artichoke hearts and although it looked like a lot of work they both enjoyed. Tara and I both liked the octopus, myself probably a bit more than her. Three of us had the scallops for the main course and they were very good but I was a little disappointed with the risotto that accompanied . Desiree had the pumpkin fettuccine and she didn't seem to like it that much.  Earl had the lobster and shrimp pasta and said it was good. Noelle, who also had the lobster and shrimp pasta was disappointed as it wasn't what she expected based on the menu description.  Tilapia, another additional special to this nights menu, was Michele's choice and she said it was very good. For dessert, five of us had the liquid chocolate cake and it was, in my opinion, decadence described. Two had the cheesecake and it was good, as expected. It was an ok, at best, restaurant week experience. The meal was good, not great. The service adequate as our waitstaff was ok but not  something to be remembered. The two stars is a very generous and fair evaluation based on our total experience. 
Our group goes every year, winter and fall, to a new place for restaurant week and this experience was, by consensus, our least favorite. Not saying it was bad but we have had much better and none worse.Disclaimer: I did not actually eat at the restaurant itself, I ordered for delivery. 
I ordered the short rib ragu and it was pretty good.  The meat was flavorful and tender; the meat fell right off.  It was nicely balanced with the gnocchi.  However, the broccoli rabe was a little overcooked. I liked that mt meal came with bread so that I could soak up all the sauce.  
My only gripe with the food was that it came a bit cold.  The delivery service came exactly at the time they said, but the food came luke-warm.  When it comes to pasta, I like my food pipping hot, so needless to say, I was a bit disappointed.  Also, it didn't come with any utensils! I understand that if I wanted eco-friendly utensils, I need to pay extra, however, I didn't realize that if I didn't pay for it, that would mean the food would come with NO utensils!! 
All in all, for a $39 plate ($28 for the food + $2 tax + $6 delivery fee and $3 tip), my food should have come HOT and with utensils.  I will not order for delivery again, but I may try dinning in one day.Very good food! Consistently satisfying.BYOB always convenient.
A bit too loud inside... Hard time to talk with my company.Went here for my one year anniversary dinner and enjoyed my time. The place is superrrrr small, like maybe six inches from table to table. I could here the entire conversation of the people sitting next to us. The food was pricey but really good. We got a cheese board and the cheeses were great. It really helped that it's also a BYO. We then got the meatballs stuffed with cheese. Again, very good!! I ended up getting the pyramid pasta which was delicious and my girlfriend got the short rib gnocchi. Both delicious!!
I have to say, while the food was amazing, I am not sure if it was the cramped space or maybe I was having an off night, but I really have no drive to go back to this place. I will give it four stars though because I really did enjoy myself and the food was great.I was really surprised it took us so long to try Mercato. We went there on a week night and it was still quite busy. Not overcrowded, but you can tell it's a popular place.
We started with a charcuterie appetizer which was so much delicious food. and we were basically already half full off of the bread and the delicious butter spread they gave us.
We both decided to go with pasta dishes as our appetizers. They were delicious hand made pastas which we enjoyed thoroughly.
All in all, we had a good experience at Mercato. It's a bit on the pricey side and a cab ride away for us so not sure how often we will be back, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.A true delight!  
Terrific space, attentive service, BYOB and excellent food.
I suppose the only negatives are that the space is tiny, the tables are tightly packed and that it is cash-only.Hmph. My boyfriend and I had a little dinner date at Mercato this past Saturday night. It being Restaurant Week, I was sure we would have a wait but we were seated right away. Though chilly, we opted to dine outside as the restaurant itself is very loud. We started off with appetizers: charred caesar salad and a bruschetta plate - both quite good especially the anchovies in the salad however I would have appreciated a tad more dressing. For our main dishes I went with the pappardelle and my boyfriend ordered the diver scallops. This is where the night took a turn in the wrong direction... The lag between appetizers and entrees was a whole bottle of pouilly-fuissé and at least an hour later. The entrees were just okay and the vanilla bean panna cotta was disappointing to say the least. Thankfully this was all at the restaurant week $35/pp 3 course menu. I doubt I'll return to pay full price for the quality Mercato serves.This place is a gem. Another place I can count on for a great meal. They now take reservations but you still will have to wait on a weekend. While I like that I am not rushed through my meal, they need to do a better job of managing reservations. It's a small place. They will provide glasses to imbibe in your libation of choice while waiting but bring an extra bottle because you probably will finish a bottle before getting seated. Other than that, it's worth the wait. You won't be disappointed with your meal.No matter how many other quaint Philly BYOBs with arguably amazing food that I visit, my heart will always belong to Mercato.
Nestled in a small space on a quiet corner of the Gayborhood, this little gem has been making me do the yummy dance for years now.  They focus on Italian and change up their menu seasonally.  Most of the dishes are quite rich, and some can run towards the salty side, but this is not the type of restaurant that you would visit every week.  I think the most ringing endorsement I can provide is that I have enjoyed every single bite of food that I have ever put in my mouth here.  Items that stand out as my favorites include the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, and any of their scallops.  While the food is not cheap, it is not crazy expensive.  In fact, their four-course menu (your choice of any items from the appetizer, pasta, main and desserts) is one of the best deals in town.
It is true that it can be difficult to get a table at this popular and crowded favorite.  They only take reservations for pre-theater dining, so it is best to come here with an open mind and a back-up plan.  I have had decent luck on Sundays - especially if I show up before 7.  The atmosphere is casual and gets loud, and you will be seated pretty close to your neighbors.  This gets a little better during the warmer months when you can sit outside.  You want to sit outside during the warmer months since the open kitchen really heats things up indoors.
I keep bringing out of town guests to Mercato, and they keep wanting to go back on every subsequent visit to Philly.  Keep in mind that it's cash only.  If you do the four-course menu, plan on a leisurely meal and make sure to bring plenty of wine.  I like that I have never felt hurried to clear my table during these feasts.Updating my review a year later, and I hate to say I can't give it more than 3 stars.  Mercato can absolutely be a 5 star establishment.  But it can also be very 2 star, and for the price and feel of this place, it can't be this inconsistent.  
After my less than stellar experience, I shyed away from Mercato for almost a year. Then in about a month, I apparently decided I needed that duchess crown and went three times.  The first time, I thorougly enjoyed my veal cutlets, preceded by the Balsamic and Olive Oil flight and some delicious cheese.  Got a chance to try the Cioppino (AMAZING) and the Pasta Pyramids (Yum), Shared a dessert - definitely 5 stars. 
The next time was on point as well.  Really great for both my friend and I.  I was ready to take back my 3 stars and up them to 4 or maybe, dare I say it, 5.  Alas, I came here one too many times.  I ordered the pork chop special.  It's special, it should automatically be delicious, right?  I could barely cut it, it was so overcooked.  Had I not been on a date, I would have sent it back, but I like to pretend I'm a civilized polite person at first, so I slowly cut my pork chop - shaking the entire table (gracefully, I assure you) and chewed (and chewed and chewed) it quietly.  
It will be a while before I'm ready to give Mercato another chance.This is one of my favorite places in the city. And I love that when you order tap water they give you a whole jug so you dont have to wait for refills :)After reading several rave reviews of this place, my husband and I were extremely underwhelmed. We ordered several apps. The small bruschetta on the antipasti had no flavor and the pickled veg also could have used more seasoning. We ordered the bruschetta trio special which was a huge disappointment. The bread slices were cut too thick so very chewy and difficult to eat. The toppings were so-so. The white bean purée was ok but the mushrooms & fontina needed salt while the Brussels sprouts topping was disgusting (warming up raw sprouts under the broiler is not a cooking method I would recommend). The one dish we did like was the mussels and clams - generous portion and flavorful broth. Grilled artichoke was fair and meatballs bland. Service was ok but the runners didn't know what they were doing. We witnessed them bringing food to wrong table several times. My husband also didn't appreciate waiter's ass in his face while taking neighboring table's order because tables spaced closely together.Wanted to love this restaurant since I've lived in Philly for years, love Italian food and byo restaurants, and have wanted to eat here for a long time. Sadly, was pretty disappointed. Service was great, which was a plus, but I've had much better food at places like La Viola. Started with the artichoke appetizer and the bruscetta appetizer. Good, but nothing special and the bruscetta was pretty small (3 small pieces). Dinner was the most disappointing. Got the orichette pasta and both my friend and I found it to be extremely salty. There is also bacon in it, which enhanced the saltiness, but almost not edible salt level. The corn that was in the dish offered wonderful sweetness and should have been a higher ratio. It was however, perfectly cooked, al dente pasta. Highlight was dessert, excellent and fresh tiramisu. Would come back in the future if less salty!Came here for restaurant week last night and WOW.  I started with the mussels which were large and very fresh.  Served in a nice broth with bread for dipping.  For my second course I have the short rib ragu served over polenta.  The portion size was huge.  For dessert I had a canoli.  The service was fast and friendly, but it is a very tiny space and we were extremely close to the table next to us.  It is BYO and cash only, and I definitely recommend a reservation.The crostinis for the bruschetta trio were brick solid/rock hard.. The flavor of the bruschetta trio was off and I hardly finished it (cheap salami with tomatoes on top, pickled radishes with smoked salmon that just wasn't good, mushy butternut squash with some meh mustard sauce dipped on top). 
The pasta dish, that is apparently a house speciality, was more of an appetizer size/had more asparagus on the plate than actual pasta (only two stuffed pyramid pasta thingys)... And the cheesecake was not great. Never got to communicate this to the server because he hardly checked in or asked how we were enjoying everything. Was deeply disappointed after enjoying this place a long while back.The hostess is the rudest that she can be. Sadly her behavior substantially detracts from what is othewise an excellent dining experience. The food is superb and the staff are great EXCEPT for the hostessFood is excellent. Spicy crab linguine is one of the best seafood pastas I've ever eaten. Scallops are excellent. Artichoke app is brilliant. Service is attentive, knowledgeable,  and fun, but astute enough to give you space if desired.
Seating is European style so you are right next to other guests. BYOB so you can spring for a nice bottle of wine and have a 5 star quality meal for less than $100 for two, including drinks. My wife and I eat here every time we are in Philly.  It is a can't miss! I do recommend a reservation as it is always packed...A testament to the quality of the food.Mercato is one of the greatest Italian I have been to in the past year! To start the night out, the weather was great to be outside and dine. The waitress was very helpful in the beginning as well. As for the meal itself, the bread was average and so was the butter, but in combination with the mercato antipasti, it was fantastic. Then came the pumpkin fettucini, it was incredible, so rich and and not drenched in cream. However my favorite part was another pasta dish, the short rib ragu. The meat was pretty good, but what really blew me away was the gnocchi. It was so light and fluffy. The only place that I know that can even contend with it is this little restaurant Sola on Lancaster Ave in Bryn Mawr. Mercato was a great place to dine at and I will definitely return soon.It was either Mercato or La Viola. But Mercato's rave reviews won me over.  
But did they live up to their hype?  Hell yea they did.
The place is really cute (but small - prob seats about 40 ppl max).
Everything we ordered was good.  We had the Market Salad, Mussels & Clams , & Grilled Calamari as apps.  For entrees, we ordered the Scallops w/ Pea Risotto, Pappardelle, Lobster/Shrimp Pyramids,  Striped Bass, side of Broccoli Rabe/Sausage, etc.... yummmmmmm
I initially wanted to do the 4-course tasting menu but they wouldn't let me unless everyone at my table did it with me....which they didn't.  Sad.I went her for restaurant week with a large group.  The service and atmosphere were great.  My food, however, left something to be desired.  The bruschetta was good, my dessert was good, but the veal dish was average at best.  The portions were quite sizeable, and I love BYOB.  :)  I would be willing to go again.This is hands down the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  Everything on the menu is awesome . . . always get a side of polenta.I walk past this place everyday to and from work so I'm happy to have finally tried it this past weekend. 
My boyfriend and I both got pasta specials, a orecchiette with crumpled sausage and a pappardelle with mushrooms. The orecchiette was yummy and filling with a delicious sauce but the pappardelle was lukewarm and the noodles were too stuck to one another. Good portion of portobello, maitake, and shiitake mushrooms though! 
Our waiter forgot to put in my order for a side of brussels sprouts but was otherwise great - he agreed to move us outside when a large and boisterous group made sitting inside too loud. Some tables inside are also WAY too close together (around 2 inches of space between my table and the one next to mine) so moving outside was a welcome escape in that respect as well.
The menu seems diverse so I look forward to trying other dishes in future.Great atmosphere, Amazing food and wonderful service! What more could you ask for! I loved everything about this place and I'm sure you will too! It's a BYO so that was a plus. I would definitely recommend trying the squid ink pasta and antipasto, both were delicious!Although admittedly biased towards any Italian restaurant, I was genuinely thrilled with Mercato. First, my friends and I went for the BYO component and despite most of our party showing up late, the waitstaff was helpful and didn't give us any trouble. We also stayed for over two hours, and never felt like we were being rushed despite the place being busy on a Friday night. Everything on the menu sounded delicious - I ended up ordering the evening special which was a buckwheat spaghetti with grilled artichoke, tomatoes, olive oil, and lump crab. Our server even accommodated one friend's request for an item seen in a Yelp picture which was no longer on the menu, but created for him. Molten lava chocolate cake for dessert went over well to.
Only downsides were the cold bread (we were hoping for fresh / warm bread since it is an Italian place after all - no olive oil for dipping either, which might have incentivized us to trying their OO sampler menu), and the semi-cramped atmosphere (we were basically on top of the table next to us). Menu is definitely pricey for college kids, but worth it for the delicious food and experience.
Would recommend making a reservation! Apparently they have a tasty restaurant week menu too - will have to keep it in mind for next time.I ate at this restaurant this past Sunday. While the food was very good, the kitchen didn't seem too concerned with serving a scallop entree with either 3 fairly large scallops (our table) or 4 scallops of equal size to an adjacent table...at $26.50 I want another scallop.   It was also very annoying that the snapper entree arrived 5 minutes after the others.  After dropping the check, there was no further communication with the staff.  No thank you or goodbye from the wait staff (which seemed to have disappeared by the end of their night) or the kitchen staff.  A sad end to an overall decent meal.  By the way, there is a reason why they don't list the menu prices on their website.This is one of the best BYOB's in the city!! It can be hard to get a table but once you do you won't regret it.
 We started our meal with the a cheese and meat plate plate. We chose the aged gouda and the prosciutto. The gouda had aged crystals in it and was delicious, big portion and came with fresh fruit on the side. Incredibly reasonable price. 
For entrees we hard the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta as well as the short rib ragu. You could tell that the pasta and sauce  was fresh and homemade, and I appreciated the amount of stuffing in it. The short rib was braised to perfection, I would absolutely get this again!. The portions were big enough, as we couldn't make it to desert, although the selections looked amazing.What a SHAME because I REALLY wanted to like this place! My boyfriend and I went last night and were sorely disappointed. Interestingly enough, it was not the food nor the atmosphere that turned us off but rather the poor attitude of the hostess. She single-handedly made this place a place we will never return to again. 
We love discovering the little byobs that are scattered all over the city and have been to quite a few. It was our normal mid-week break and so we decided to check out Mercato. Upon entering the restaurant we were not greeted nor acknowledged. In fact, the hostess was nowhere to be seen. She eventually made her way to us and wanted to seat us right away. I'll admit, It was great that there was no wait. I told her we had just two in the party and she proceeded to lead us to a table in the back corner. The restaurant had a few patrons but not overly crowded. They had a few tables already set up but I asked to be seated near the open window as I enjoy the fresh air. She then looked at the general area I pointed to and quite rudely said, "those tables are not set up." I thought to myself, "Wow, how hard is it to put some utensils and a napkin on the table for us?" She didn't say no though and proceeded to set our table up. I felt like I had really inconvenienced her. She had such a sour look that I almost said to my boyfriend, let's just go somewhere else since we seem to be such a bother. However it was already 830PM, we both worked long hours that day, and I just wanted some food and wine. I didn't bother suggesting going somewhere else.
After my initial bad impression from our hostess, I just couldn't quite enjoy the rest of the night. It's a shame really because the waiter was super helpful and knowlegable about the dishes. He was quite nice and friendly. Also, the food was really good! We ordered a trio of bruchetta to start. I had the short rib ragu and my boyfriend had the crab ravioli. For the price and quality of food, I think this place could have been a winner. Too bad the hostess, her name was Stephanie as I later found out, ruined it for me. 
All it takes is one bad instance to leave a lasting impression. There are so many other lovely places in the city that I have been or will go. Why would I bother with a place where I am treated like a pest rather than a guest? No thank you!Hello,
I am italian and I ended in this restaurant with a bad surprice after I tried 2 things.
I tried a board with taleggio cheese and finocchiona.
What I was served was not Taleggio or Finocchiona but a bad copy probably made in Canada.
The waiters don't even know how to open a bottle of wine, which tells you a lot a bout the service.
After that I tried the scalops with risotto, I receive 1 miserable spoon of boiled rice (chinese style) mixed with something and 3 grilled scalops for 30$.
I didn't plan to eat Michelin's portions and the restaurant is away from that level.
I was very disappointed and unhappy of what they make there.
At the end one of my friends decided to buy 2 packs of their orecchiette (7$ each + tax).
They don't even sell orecchiette, they sell shells that they call orecchiette for a stupid ammount of money.
For the same price you can buy 2 pacs of De Cecco in a normal grocery store.
Mercato is definitely not an italian restaurant and is an insult to the italian cusine.
It is a complete scam and I suggest everybody to watch outGenerally this place was OK. First time here and def my last. They were willing to cut the pasta meal down to a half order, which I appreciated, but service was slow. A different person took my order, brought me water, brought my meal and brought my bill. Finally--speaking of Bill--what kind of place is cash only in today's world???? As a traveler I rarely have cash. Biggest turn off!!! The waiter or hostess could have said something as soon as I was sat down. If it was on the menu I didn't see it. Then, when I paid, the waiter brought me my change but conveniently kept the coins. Needless to say the coins were added into his tip.Yumyum and yummm!!! Came here on a friday night. It was pretty packed for 7pm already. The restaurant is pretty small so it would be a good idea to reserve a table a couple of days in advance. We were greeted by the staff inside and were quite friendly. 
Had the pan seared scallops and friend had the rigou. The food actually came pretty quick. How was the pan seared scallops may you ask? It was really goood!!!! The scallops were super moist and cook to perfection. The risotto was a little cold, but still really good. I can say the same for the rigou my friend had. Phenomenal. The food was very flavorful and a good portion size.
For the dessert we had the chocolate molten cake topped with vanilla icecream and the dessert with lady fingers and espresso. Sorry I can't remember the name for that one. I loved the molten cake. It had a good amount of chocolate and icecream. I didn't like the lady fingers and espresso as much.Maybe because I wasn't really craving coffee atm. 
Anyways, greatt food!! I would come here again sometime. 
And remember to bring a decent amount of cash. They don't accept credit card here.I'll start by saying it's a little obnoxious this place does not accept credit cards, which normally would be fine, but a little more than a tiny box at the bottom corner of the menu would be nice.
That being said, the food here really is amazing, and the atmosphere is quite nice as well (even though you are sometimes elbow to elbow with the people next to you).  
The food was absolutely delicious, and the fact it's a BYOB is great too.  I highly recommend the five-meat plate, which in and of itself could be a dinner.  Pasta very fresh, sauces quite delicious.
Wait staff can be a bit inattentive at times, and if you don't like waiting in the cold, I wouldn't recommend going during the winter as this place does not take reservations (unless you are coming from a show over on Broad) and there is no waiting area save for the street outside.  
All in all, i would absolutely go back, and I highly recommend.Good food.   Noisy despite the attempt at adding sound dampening to the ceiling.Really great experience...food was delicious, atmosphere was energetic and fun.  Expect to be seated DIRECTLY next to other customers, but make the best of it...look at what everyone else is eating!  
I had the Mercato salad with goat cheese (very light and fresh...perfection), and the short rib ragu over gnocchi.  
I loved the open kitchen right at the back of the room and I could watch the executive chef working away with her two sous chefs...this was probably the best part of the dining experience!  
4.5 stars overall.  Cash only (I don't blame them, but still a consideration), and the "cozy" seating might not be desirable for some.  Also, it got a bit warm which made me feel slightly uncomfortable while eating (downside of having the kitchen directly inside the dining room, maybe...??)I discovered this BYO through Yelp and must say it is by far one of my favorite restaurants EVER -- of all time.
The atmosphere is intimate but relaxed while the vibe just felt natural and anything but forced.
The food is amazing - I highly recommend:
1) pyramid pasta stuffed with lobster & shrimp and served with a rich cream sauce 
2) the pasta bolognese,
3) the squid ink linguini served with fresh clams, mussels, shrimp, and scallops.
You definitely won't regret it -- but remember to stop at the ATM on the way because Mercato only accepts cash.WOW. Restaurant week is usually not fantastic but this truly was. Squid app in pesto, crispy pancetta sea bass and some chocolate cake with warm chocolate goo in the middle. I tasted everyones meal..Short rib ragu (8/10)  For 35 bucks I thought it was well worth it. For what you get here, the regular menu is reasonably priced. The cheese pairings are special... although I can't recall the cheeses specifically one came with a chocolate carmel sauce that was delicious.
Would definitely go again, and would definitely go for restaurant week.Very good and original food in a pleasant atmosphere. It might deserve 5 stars just for the veal special with black garlic on pava bean paste which was totally delicious and artistically presented. Very special indeed! The short ribs were also quite tasty. The lobster orecchiette in spicy marinara sauce was exactly as advertised but it was a bit of a misguided dish, as the tomato sauce completely obliterated any taste of lobster, and the lobster bits themselves were softened beyond recognition. The mussels with speck appetizer was very good, as was the "marketsalad". The tiramisu dessert was a bit odd- very creamy/custardy but with no trace of coffee or espresso and just a trace of cocoa powder. I would dock them a star for the tiramisu and maybe the lobster pasta dish, but the pasta lobster dish was my own fault because I should have known better from the description. The veal special dish was so amazing I have to give them 5 stars just for that.Amazing. Probably my favourite all around BYO in town. 
I went a few weeks ago with the ladies, and even though there was a significant wait (our fault, no reservations taken, and it was like 8:30 on a  friday), they have a built in waiting room at Valanni across the street!!!
First of all, they didn't judge us for having three bottles of wine (there were three of us), second of all, they moved us to a less drafty spot as soon as one opened (amazing). 
We ordered basically everything off the menu. I had the crispy skinned bass and it was probably one of the best dishes I have ever had. My friend ordered the filet special, which was like filet with mushrooms and truffles. Now, I don't usually like filet, but this was insane. The size of the thing alone was enough to make someone go crazy. 
The prices are completely on par with other places in town. 
I would absolutely recommend mercato!!Evoo was ransid.   Waitress questioned if we knew what evoo was (wtf).  The watery tomato sauce overpowered the squid ink pasta.   Veal overdone.   
Kitchen sounded like blacksmith's anvil.  
Saving grace was the wine ... which we brought.  
Skip it.So so SO GOOD. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I had the lobster and shrimp pasta, which I still dream about to this day. Wow. The date had prosciutto wrapped chicken which was delicious as well. You can really tell this place is really about the food quality over quantity. I absolutely cannot wait to come back here!I ate at Mercato some time ago, and I wanted to start a review so I could update it later, when I go again!  The food is amazing, the antipasta was mind blowing and I LOVE this little location especially when the weather is nice and all the windows are open.  Mercato, I promise I will come back and give a more detailed review ASAP!Favorite BYOB in Philadelphia! Seating is tight and the place is a little loud, but the food is amazing. Love the pyramid pasta and the short rib ragu!Have passed this restaurant many times on Spruce Street and thought just a little too expensive for my taste.  Ended up going after the show tonight because it was close to the Walnut Street Theater and the YELP reviews were constantly very good.  First, it is on the pricey side for a BYOB, but beyond that there was little else that  took away from a great restaurant experience.
Ordered three appetizers for the 4 of us.  Antipasto, Grilled Artichoke and Broccoli Rob with Meatballs and Sausage.  Antipasto was great with plenty of choices - good for two.  No seafood and and one or two pieces of meat, but still good.  Would not order Artichoke again.  Did not impress us and that was not necessarily the restaurants fault since we had never tried before and was rather bland.  Broccoli Rob with Meatballs and Sausage was good, however meatballs were small and not very good - too hard and little taste..  Sausage was excellent with a nice heat.
Dinners all very good including Pappardelle, Prosciutto wrapped Chicken Breast and Grilled Beef Tenderloin.   A creamy sage fontina polenta served with the chicken was great and went well with the chicken and arugula served.  The tenderloin was tender and tasty.  The vegetables served with it were very complimentary to the dinner.  Not a drop of pasta left in the Pappardelle bowl so there were no complaints there.
An absolutely wonderful small Marscapone cheese cake and a plate of three sorbets rounded out the evening.  Service was perfect and servers and hosts were where you wanted them when you wanted them.  I know why this place gets great reviews.
PS I tried to duplicate the cheese cake at home and I came close to theirs, but missed on the sauce.  Nevertheless still very good.  A real compliment to Mercato that I would even venture into the cheesecake arena.
.The place is BYO and CASH ONLY. There is a bar across where you can buy bottles of wine and next door there is a deli with an ATM. Also do not sit in the back because it is an open kitchen the back gets a bit hot. 
Appetizers:
-Market salad was good but nothing to rave home about
-Grilled Artichokes appetizer was useless. You have a large artichoke cut in half of which 90% is not edible they might as well scoop the 10% and give it to you rather then having this big monstrosity on the plate. 
Dinner:
-I had the the short rib ragu which is was amazing. I would come back just for this dish. 
-My date had the mushroom pasta dish. There wasn't anything left so I am guessing she loved it? 
Dessert:
Skipped it.Great food. Quite noisy but wonderful crowd. Chef had a bit of a hard time adjusting my meal with all the allergies and avoidance of ingredients - but was extremely helpful and willing to make it a great outing. Even recommended they start a new dish with the different combinations they created for me to enjoy! Would definitely go back and can't wait to try out valanni across the street - owned by the same people and looks like a great atmosphere for late night drinks.My fiancee and I made a reservation for dinner on a weekday night, and had been meaning to try this restaurant for quite a while. When we arrived into the almost overwhelmingly loud space, it took an extremely long time for the hostess to attend to us and then seat us. Similarly, it took a very long time for our server to arrive - luckily our wine bottle was a screw top, so we could use some vino therapy to cope with the long wait. Finally, after asking someone to send over the server, he arrived. There are absolutely zero vegetarian entrees which I found strange for Philadelphia in 2017. Further, they were completely inflexible around accommodating veg or other dietary needs. Last time I checked this was not a Michelin starred restaurant requiring such rigidity - and again, in Philly 2017 it's quite common for chefs to accommodate needs. On top of this, when we shared our restrictions, the server responded in a way that suggested he wondered why we were at the restaurant at all. We ordered a few appetizers (luckily we eat fish + non shellfish seafood, otherwise there would have been almost nothing to eat; we eat chicken too but they "don't do chicken"). Our server did not check on us once, and we left after our app course (which was good, but nothing special).  Philly has too much amazing food and too many far better restaurants to put up with these limitations. We will certainly not return.Couldn't get reservations on Valentines so we went the next day.  Still very busy.
Made reservations at 5:30 (can't make any after 6:30).  Nice piece of bread to start out ... garlic butter spread really nice.  Would have liked more bread with it!
Ordered the recommendations of the server which was the Rib ragu with gnochi.  Portion was not overwhelming.  Very nice flavor.
Also had the special of the night - Baked Tilapia over crab stuffed ravioli.  I have never seen ravioli that large before... also with asparagus.  Very good. 
The place was very charming but small...tables were spaced very close together.
For dessert we both had the gelato.  Just the perfect size to compliment any meal.  
Will definitely return...highly recommend.  BYOBI've been there several times and I'm never disappointed. food is amazing. bring cash bring cash because they don't take credit cardsThere is so much attention paid to every dish. This is a must go to for BYOB dinner.  The staff is very friendly and stomach starts rumbling just looking through the menu.  You won't be disappointed with anything you order!  I've tried multiple dishes here and have been impressed each time.  This place has become a regular for me to bring people who come into town for visitsMy boyfriend and I had a mediocre, borderline awful, dinner here for Valentine's Day. I wish we had stayed home and eaten easy mac instead. 
Their Valentine's Day special was 4 courses for $60, which was a complete ripoff considering I was only really impressed with one dish, and their regular fixed price menu is only $48. We were about 20 minutes late for our reservation because we had trouble finding parking, but we did call ahead, and they said it was fine. I think we may have been treated differently because of this. The first thing our server said to us was very nice, but the rest of the night was disappointing.
The couple next to us sat down about 10 minutes after us but finished their dinner at least 30 minutes before we did. They were offered tap water, bottled water, or Perrier, while we were just given a bottle of tap water. I am fine with just tap water, but why weren't we offered anything else? They received every course before we did, even though we ordered nearly identical meals.
We started with oysters and braised pork and bean stew. The oysters were good, but  nothing special. This theme continued with the rest of the meal. Next, we had the duck ragu and fettuccine. What little duck there was in the dish was pretty tasteless, and only the first bite of the fettuccine was good (probably because I was hungry). The one dish that my boyfriend and I absolutely loved was the roasted butternut squash and roasted agnolotti. It was the only dish that impressed us. Everything else was okay... it wasn't amazing or even memorable. Not even the scallops and filet mignon we had for our entrees. For dessert, I had tiramisu and my boyfriend had ricotta budino, which he hated so much he didn't even finish it.
The restaurant is pretty small and the tables are packed together, so we couldn't even have a nice conversation. The service started off with a friendly greeting, but was slow and icy compared to how the table next to us was treated. People who were waiting for tables stood around the entrance and held the door open - letting out a lot of the restaurant's heat. Maybe it was a bad night because it was Valentine's Day, but we did not enjoy our dinner at Mercato at all.Best neighborhood BYO's hand down. Food is delicious and the staff is great. Out door seating almost year round weather permitting with heat lamps. Angela is the best!Absolutely love this place, and I'd consider it a favorite in the Philadelphia area. I came here for restaurant week earlier in the year with a close friend, and we absolutely loved our dining experience.
The place is definitely on the small side, and so my arms were practically touching the person's arm next to me, but I guess that adds to the small feel of the restaurant. The service was excellent!
Some of the highlights I tried were the: whole grilled artichoke, market salad, and autumn risotto. All were literally amazing. The artichoke was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and it was super fun to peel through the layers to eat the tasty parts of the vegetable. The market salad when I went to the restaurant was one with kale and pumpkin seeds, and the flavors were SO fabulous even though I was nervous about it being a boring plain and traditional salad. It was one of the best salads I've tasted to date. The autumn risotto is the best risotto I've had in my life. It came with mushrooms and butternut squash and tons and tons of cheese (prepare to see your risotto completely doused in cheese) but it's absolutely amazing. The flavors came together so well and the extreme cheesiness was JUST what I was looking for! Definitely don't order this dish if you can't handle a cheese overload.
We were slightly let down by the desserts we ordered, which is the reason for the -1 star. We opted for the New York Style Cheesecake and the Milk Chocolate Mousse Toffee Crunch Parfait, which were both only average. The cheesecake was extremely standard, and the parfait sounded way better on the menu than it actually tasted.  Both were lackluster compared to the amazing artichoke, salad, and risotto dishes I had eaten just moments before and so the finale was kind of a letdown.
Despite the disappointment with the desserts (perhaps I'll just need to try different items on the dessert menu next time?), I'll definitely return to try more of the dishes on the menu. This place has total charm and some gem items on their menu-- favorite risotto EVER and favorite salad EVER-- so that's gotta be worth something.My friend and I came here on a Friday night for restaurant week.  It was fantastic that everything on the menu was available for a set price.
He knew it was BYOB, so he brought red wine.  And I agreed, everything was delicious, and the service was friendly and brisk!  The following items were ordered:
Appetizers: bruschetta and grilled octopus
Entrees: crispy striped bass and steak
dessert: NY cheesecake and tiramisu
I kind of wished I had gotten the berry panna cotta, but that was just a personal musing.  The grilled octopus salad with cannelli beans was excellent - it had the perfect balance of spices and lemon, a lot like ceviche.  The striped bass was also quite wonderful.My husband and I live in NYC and were very excited for Mercato. He had been several years ago, had a great experience and was eager to return with me in tow this time. We came with my parents and ordered the pyramid pasta, short rib ragu, rigatoni bolognese and veal marsala. My mom loved her veal, although the rest of us thought it was only ok - pretty bland. The short rib ragu was very soft and pretty good, but slightly tart which was strange. The pyramid pasta and rigatoni bolognese were disappointing. The lobster and shrimp in the pyramid pasta were nearly in the form of a paste and the bolognese was in desperate need of pepper to reduce the bland flavor. For ~ $25 per entree, we were expecting some more flavor. The bread and their homemade butter is delicious though and the BYOB aspect is a bonus that we certainly took advantage of. The al fresco seating and semi-al fresco seating indoors is a wonderful treat during the warmer months. Unfortunately, these two aspects don't make up for the lackluster entrees.Service was terrible, the atmosphere was chaotic and overwhelming, and food was hit and miss (some very good, some not good.) Don't think I'll be going back.Food: 4.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
BYO Bonus
Recommendations:  The food at Mercato is absolutely amazing.  So delicious, so well prepared.  Here are a couple of insights we had from our meal for 2:
If you like meat/cheese platters, definitely get one here.  The portions are incredibly generous and the combination of cheese/fruits/meats is well thought out here.  I recommend the Finocciona (salami/pork) with two cheeses (Cypress Grove Humboldt Fog and Pierre Robert).
The portions are so generous that after the meat/cheese platter, you only need one entree to share.  We got two and were stuffed after the meal.  The Lobster and Shrimp is delicious but needs so much more seafood.  Its almost a faker because of all the cheese that makes you forget about the seafood.  If your entree features Lobster, it better feature Lobster (and lots of it).  The Filet is spectacular and the potatoes and mushrooms accompanying them are so delicious.
Plus... Its a BYOB
Minus... They take CASH ONLY
Overall: 4 stars
We will definitely go back... and soon.Food was delicious!! We had the cheese plate as an appetizer and I chose the brie. So luscious and soft and while paired with the honey was great. I got the veal with some vegetables and it was super tender mixed with the sauce that was ladled on top...it was quite delicious and I would certainly go back again. My best friend got a short rib dish with pasta that was also something that she was very happy about but her boyfriend got a dish that was not too great. Price is decent but it could be a little bit cheaper IMO. However, for the quality of the food, I don't think it was too bad and it was a really nice place to just catch up with friends over some good food and good company!
Space is cramped and ambiance is not quite the greatest for a date. I came with my best friend and her boyfriend so we had a good time just catching up and chit chatting with 2 bottles of wine. Sadly, this place was cash only but it's ok because the atm is nearby.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I absolutely love their Bronzino and get it everytime it is a special. Wait staff is impeccable and we always have a wonderful experience when dining here.