Combining the Mercer Cafe with Taconelli's pizza is one of the most inspired business moves this city has ever seen.  Fortunately, both still remain heavily connected family operations.  During my first, but definitely not my last visit, I focused on the pizza, but my mouth continued to water as I watched a variety of dishes pass by and observed the satisfied expressions on the faces of the numerous customers.  It was an especially balmy day, so the doors were open to the street, which made the dining experience very comfortable.  I envy the employees of the Navy Yard who have daily access to both breakfast and lunch.  (Hours are 7 to 4, Monday to Friday)  I hadn't been to the Navy Yard since I was a kid, well over sixty years ago.  Not only would I recommend the Cafe, but a tour around the Yard to look at some of the magnificent old officer's homes and the impressive industrial architecture that has been beautifully restored and maintained is well worth the trip. We're never going to see the likes of those buildings again.  And you're going to have to go a long way to get pizza of that quality. I can hardly wait to return for breakfast and lunch, perhaps having both the same day.So I have been here a few times since they opened. The space is beautiful and the staff and service is really great. The pizza is good, a tad expensive for the size of the pie but I like the original Tacconnelli's better. Don't get me wrong the pizza is good I just think you get more bang for your buck at the original location. I've also had the fries, chicken parm (fried) sandwich, and a turkey special. The fries are outstanding, however I would eat them there and not get takeout. I literally only work a 1-2 min walk from the place and when I got my fries for takeout they were pasty and lukewarm, not really their fault but when I get fries from Dinic's they are still hot when I get back to my desk. The chicken parm sandwich was ok but small and the chicken wasn't actually seasoned so something was amiss, lots of bread not a lot of chicken. The turkey special was great, albeit small, but it was a really good sandwich. No processed turkey but fresh roasted which makes a difference, however the sandwich comes with a small piece of fruit. I feel like because the sandwich isn't cheap they could at least serve it with some chips as well. All that said I will be back but I am refining what I order to get a better bang for my buck. They are definitely welcomed to the yard. And yes I complain about the pricing at the Frog too but I know what and what not to order when I don't want to spend my gas bill on food for the week. Pretty sure they can increase their portion sizes slightly or add chips to their sandwiches and still make a profit. I will still patronize because they are doing a really good job they just gotta work out some very minor kinks and they will be really close to perfect.Things have definitely smoothed over and improved over the last few months at Mercer Cafe.  I've actually come to really love the place, and visit several times a week for coffee and/or breakfast.  Even some of my co-workers who had similar complaints are now regulars.  
Every place deserves a second chance, and these guys have won me over.  Thanks for that.Me and my co worker went on their grand opening day. It was the worst experience ever. First we were told that they were too busy to make sandwiches and we can order pizzas, ok fine. Our waitress seems very high and somehow she never put our orders into the system, but keep walking over and told us that our food are in the oven for about 3 times, but 45 mins gone by, we still didn't get our food. By the time she brought out our pizzas, our lunch break was already over and we asked for boxes to carry out, she said they ran out of boxes!!! Then it took her another 5 mins for her to bring the check, by this time, we are late to work. Then finally she bought it over, then she was standing by our table while we were paying, how rude!!! I understand it was their first day, but the waitress's behavior cannot be tolerated. 
Anyway, this was first and last time. I will never dine with them again.Hooray! Went back yesterday. Everything's is getting much better. Chicken salad club was great. Chips were homemade and perfectly crispy . Service was really good. Pizza there and one to go couldn't be better. It's still really loud. Painfully so but they said it will be resolved soon. I asked for my Togo pizza not to be cut and they cut it anyway, but they made me another . No biggie. Brought a friend who introduced me to their pizza 25 years ago . He was so happy to get one of their pizzas in the daytime! Great potential .This is my third time here (second time for lunch). The food is good, but, if you come for lunch, it takes forever to come out of the kitchen. I had the Roasted Turkey wrap. It was so loose, I had to eat it with a fork. It was tasty though. If you order coffee after 10:00, be prepared for it to be cold. Don't think I'll be back for lunch again...I went to there for the first time and had a really bad experience because of the awful attitude for the old woman cashier. When I was going to make an order, she just showed me a finger without any words to let me wait. After quite a while, another cashier asked me what I want to order. What is worse, when I was waiting for my order, the old woman cashier stared me rudely and muttered something.  Anyway, it was the worst customer service I had ever experienced and won't be going back there again.Friendly staff, great food, clean, highly recommended if you're in the Navy Yard area.I have been to this place on several occasions and as much as I want to love it I am disappointed EVERY SINGLE TIME! The wait staff is extremely rude especially the short lady with the glasses she is awful and the girl with the nose ring ! The food is meh and overpriced but hey if you are the only place open in the navy yard I guess robbing people blind makes sense. It seems like the owners are ALWAYS hovering around, it kind of makes me nervous,  I can only imagine what the staff feels like with eyes on them at all times, what's the point of having a "manager ". The pizza is almost always burnt and when you mention it to the staff you get the same response "that's just how we make our pizza" huh?   
I had lunch the other day after the lunch time rush and from that day on I vowed I will never ever set foot in that place. The food was cold and the waitress rolled her eyes when I complained about my food, what ever happened to the customer is always right ? If you don't want to be a server or be  in customer service try something else because her attitudes was/is appalling. I was fuming when I left that place and From talking to my coworkers Mercer is the worst and some of the staff is Rude, the only great thing about this place is the La Colombe coffee and I wouldn't even recommend stopping by for that . 
This place is a disaster who wants to be treated like they aren't a paying customer and given attitude for it. I would never ever recommend this place to anyone and would urge them to stay as far away as possible, take your money where you will be treated with respect and where you feel comfortable eating your food without the owners hovering. A well deserved One Star, you earned it !I had a gluten free sandwich and a side salad. It was good!  My son ordered a pizza (he doesn't need gluten free).  My friend had the chicken quesadilla. We found the staff very friendly and the atmosphere pleasant.This was my first time ordering from Mercer Cafe and I got a margherita pizza to go. I'm all for a "WELL DONE" crust; but the bottom of my  pizza was so black, the taste of charcoal overpowered the rest of the flavors.  Certainly won't be back for the pizza...Good for a quick bite! My coffee is usually burnt, the bagels are hard, my main complaint is that it takes a long time to get your food, even if there is barely anyone in the cafe! It took 20 minuets for me to get a bagel and cream cheese the other day! Probably won't return. rather go to the sandwich shop next door.- I waited more than 30 minutes for a regular bacon cheese burger.
- The side salad was pretty good.
- I don't know how the burger taste yet because I didn't want to spend more time there so I took it with me.
- The waitresses were arguing amongst themselves.
- They add tips to our checks without telling us.A nice little oasis of contemporary eats at the Navy Yard. Here you'll find freshly brewed LA Colombe coffee, homemade pizza, sandwiches/paninis and breakfast options. 
As a diner fanatic I always get an omelette. I ordered a mushroom and spinach omelette and the one word I can describe it is fresh. Tasted like very fresh high quality ingredients, paired with home fries and a fruit salad. 
The place really picks up around lunch time, most of the patrons are people who work in the surrounding area. This is a great place for diner food of which has little presence in Philadelphia.Love, love, love this place. Been at the Navy Yard for years - this is just what was needed here!
Plenty of menu options, excellent customer service, very stylish layout, pleasant atmosphere, great food! The online menu doesn't list everthing. You have to visit this place.
There are two things that are not so great.
1. Just a little pricey for some things, although they make up for it in other ways.
2. Tacconelli's Margarita pizza is not what you'd expect if you're a huge fan of Margarita pizza from places like Nomad or Pitruco. Quality and fresh ingredients, just not a fan of the way it's baked - too crispy and a bit over cooked to the point that I couldn't taste the sauce, basil, or fresh mozzarella. They were baked in. I tried it a 2nd time, requested shorter cooking time, but got the same result. My co-workers love the pizza. Maybe I'll try another flavor pizza.
Mercer has so much to offer, so many great tasting options, and such a great staff that I'm there way too much!I'm literally here every day. Awesome breakfast place! Best lattes! They cater to whatever you'd like, and everyone is always welcoming and super friendly. I recommend a vanilla almond milk iced latte for drinks and a sausage, egg, and cheese on a long roll for those rough Monday mornings after an awesome Sunday funday.I really wanted to love this place. I love the Mercer and Taconellis. We ordered a burger and a chicken salad sandwich. It took forever when it did come out the fries where cold. I asked for hot ones the second batch was cold. Really? The chicken salad was great but very small. No chips. They were cooking. Great idea but really? The food was good. I order two pizzas to go. They looked good. The service was good and I felt bad for the waitress. She was very apologetic but no manager ever came over. These are rookie mistakes! These are not rookie establishments. These are management issues. There is no reason this place should be great . Really!!!!!!'nWe were looking for a BYOB to host our rehearsal dinner and had breakfast at the Mercer Cafe in Port Richmond near the church where we were getting married. I reached out to the owner to see if either site were available. She said they were and offered the Navy Yard location as she said it was a great space. It just so happened we and our guests were staying at the Courtyard Marriott South at the Navy Yard which made it extremely convenient! The space was awesome, we had it completely to ourselves!! We brought wine and beer and they served it. Liza was extremely easy to work with during the planning. I asked her if we could stay at a certain amount per person and she made it work! Liza and and her staff treated us so well that night! The food was great!! They included a cake which was a really nice touch. I think we hugged all of them before we left as they were all wishing us their best! They told us to come back in the morning for breakfast at a discounted rate. So my husband and his groomsmen did just that!! Wonderful people and a wonderful location for a private party.Avoid this place at all costs. The woman behind the counter who apparently is the owner was extremely rude and disrespectful. Also, it took about an hour to get a takeout sandwich which was not good. I come to the navy yard everyday to work and will never step foot in this place again. The URBN cafeteria is a far superior option.The food at mercer is decent, and I have been/ordered from here several times only because of the proximity to work and the fact that the food options in the Navy Yard are limited.  Quite possibly the worst service I have ever experienced.  Every time we try to place a phone order it seems that the woman is verbally telling the chef between orders-- why not write everything down, then input it?  This ends up taking so much longer than necessary! It seems that whoever takes phone orders is completely unfamiliar with the menu, because several times she has had to ask others what options they have (what type of bread do they offer breakfast sandwiches on, etc....)
They have also gotten several items wrong on our orders and when you call to have something fixed and go over, it takes over 30 minutes.  Unacceptable!  It's a shame because Mercer has serious potential, but they will HAVE to get their act together from a management and staffing standpoint to succeed.Very good food! The only downfall was that when I ordered a panini the menu says that it comes withMercer chips, however I did not get the chipsMercer Cafe knows how to sell itself on external, vain aesthetics. Unluckily for them, however, this doesn't translate into selling you on their fast food like food and service.
Walking in was pleasant. The materials and layout appeared to be well thought out. However, after sitting down and being overwhelmed by the noise level (which is legitimately overwhelming), it's obvious the owners should have installed some type of wall or barriers to reduce the sound reverberations. However, this wasn't the limiting factor for them in this review.
The food and service literally set a standard for subpar. In fact, I should probably up the star counts on all my previous reviews since this place was so lacking in fit and finish. In my entire 2hrs at Mercer, which was about 1.5hrs too many, I received only 2 drink refills. It's wasn't because I didn't ask...but because I only saw the waitress two times, once to order and once to take my money. 
The menu was blah. Nothing inventive or exciting. However, after hearing about the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich special, I was immediately excited. I pictured this awesome, house made chicken breast slathered in yummy buffalo sauce with all the fixings. What i got was a flavorless ground chicken patty with some sauce drizzled on the side. The Lean Cuisine version is better at 1/4 the cost. The fries weren't homemade and as for fixings...a piece of iceberg lettuce. 
With Urban's cafe literally across the street, I will just walk an extra few yards next time. Mercer certainty proves you can't judge a book by its cover.Was going there to get coffee and was using the stamp card they have (buy 10 get 1 coffee free). However, when I went to get my free coffee instead of getting just regular coffee I wanted to get a more expensive coffee and the main older casher lady started complaining that I could not do that because that is not the coffee I usually buy.
I mean the point of the rewards on coffee is that you reward the customer for their loyalty not tell them to fuck off.
Never going back again horrible customer serviceI had the Margherita pizza. The crust was thin and the pie was tasty. Make sure to  ask for the entire lunch menu.Went there for the first time today and they left a terrible first impression. They have the worst customer service ever! The cashier who was an older woman was very rude and disrespectful to me because of a mistake that was made by her and her co-worker. They are unorganized and incompetent! An easy fix turned into an unnecessary and bizarre issue. The food was just okay and wasn't worth the drama. I'm mad that I even have to give them one star because they don't even deserve that. Safe to say that I will not be going there again and I would not recommend it to anyone.The food is not bad but be prepared to wait. I ordered a wrap which took 15 min to prepare. This is mostly a lunch place for people who work at the Navy Yard. People who mostly have the standard half hour for lunch. I showed up at 130. After the lunch rush. No reason that I should have had to wait that longThey're a little pricey for the food you get. I've gotten burgers, breakfasts, and coffee (super good iced coffee) from them and have enjoyed everything fairly well, except the hole usually left in my wallet. Their pizza is super good and is baked fresh, comes out hot and crispy with fresh cheese and sauce. The sauce is a little bit on the acidic side, which doesn't bother me, but others have noted it can be a turn off. Personally, I'd recommend the pizza to a newcomer. This is a nice little cafe to visit in the Navy Yard for a professional lunch or just a quick bite or coffee!I was extremely excited for this place to become an addition to the Navy Yard.  I'm a huge fan of the Mercer Café in Port Richmond (definitely a 4 star place), and thought having this place a half block down from the office would be a huge addition.  Unfortunately, I didn't have such a great experience today.  It's been open for a month or so now, and the poor reviews I got friend friends and co-workers could maybe be expected for a brand new opening.  I gave it a few weeks and tried it for the first time today...
My friend and I order breakfast sandwiches.  We wanted our eggs fried - and specified that.  The woman ran back to the chef and told him what we wanted before she even input the information in the computer system.  It seriously took her 5+ minutes to ring the first sandwich up.  My friend said this has been the case every time he's been there thus far.
I had to use the restroom, so I gave my friend cash and asked him to pay for me while I went.  I came back and she was still trying to figure out how to put it into the system.  Not sure what's so hard but whatever.  We paid and waited.  
When our food came out we inspected it and low and behold... scrambled eggs.   Like... really??
We sent them back.  When they came back out I just took it because it had already been a half hour affair.  Now that I'm eating it I have a few things to say:
My eggs STILL aren't fried.  They are a less scrambled version of scrambled eggs.  Oh - and that "toasted" everything bagel I asked for isn't even remotely toasted.
My friends said they just don't have a clue as to what "fried" eggs are - and after being open for over a month they still haven't figured it out.  It's kind of BS - a café/diner to not be able to figure it out and/or make fried eggs. 
The one thing I will say is that the size of the sandwich is big, and I like that.  I love breakfast, and I love when its done big.  
So will I go back to try the French toast?  Sure.  But I don't understand what's so hard about the computer system and getting orders correctly made.  So far I haven't really heard too many good things about this place - so they better  start getting something right or people will go right back to DiNic's or the Frog.Breakfast was ok.  But I can't imagine what they'd do if they were actually busy.  Maybe it was a just one of those days?  For some reason, I don't think so.So I've been to this place a couple of times for chipped cream beef breakfast which was reasonably priced but was so damn salty, I could barely eat it.  When the waitress asked how it was, I expressed it is very salty.  She said I wasn't the first customer to say that and she'd express it to the cook.  His response was, "that's just how it is"....by its nature it is very salty to begin with...all I wanted the second time I went there was the cook to NOT add salt and it still came out salty AF.  Today, thinking about Pitrucco's AWESOME Pizza, I figured I'd order one from Mercer Cafe's, Taconelli's Pizza.  The 12" margherita  pizza and bottle of coke cost $17.25.  The box wasn't taped.  I carefully took it across the street to my desk with out a taped box.  I was totally stoked to get to my desk and eat it.  Not only was the proscuitto crispy, but it was CRUNCHY like over cooked bacon.  Going to Italy since I was 2 (now 42) I know what brick over, wood fired pizza is supposed to taste like.  With every bite, i tasted burnt, charred pizza, on the thin crust and the whole underside was polka dotted with brunt marks.  The red sauce gave me indigestion almost immediately and tasted nasty too.  After forcing down two slices, I called to let them know that the pizza was way over cooked.  The pizza guy got on the phone and offered my money back.  No offer of another pie less cooked...just come get your money, like I was doing him a phucking favor.  That place is over priced with crappy food with cooks and pizza makers that DON'T know how to cook.  Instead of them being happy for some constructive feedback and thanking me, I figuratively got the Philly F-U.  So you know what, I'll never spend another dime in that DUMP!Mercer Cafe is a warmly welcomed addition to the Navy Yard campus. It is the first restaurant of its kind in the area. Having worked in the Navy Yard for 4 years,  I must admit, it is nice to have an alternative to Urban Outfitters cafeteria. 
The cafe is so cute with raw wood and metal accents and includes a dining area that is open to the outdoors when weather permits. They offer fairly standard breakfast items like omlets, breakfast sandwiches, waffles, pancakes, etc. as well as an impressive selection of sandwiches and paninis for lunch. Gluten Free toast is available for an additionsl $0.75. A big plus is that they are brewing La Colombe coffee for your early morning (or sometimes midday) caffeine fix. 
Perhaps one of the best features is that they have aTaconelli's pizza complete with imported brick ovens from Italy tucked in the back corner of their space with a few fixed pies available. Note: they are only available by the pie. 
I stopped by on their second day and business was booming. Although it was very busy and they have only had 1 day of experience in their new place, they were so friendly, accommodating, and surprisingly had their sh*t together.  I applaud Mercer Cafe and look forward to many future visits.This place is the perfect blend of modern and classic dining! We were greeted warmly by members of the staff upon arriving (we were concerned, as we had our 7 month old son with us. At most modern dining establishments, we are usually met with concerned looks of whether or not he would be a disturbance to the other patrons.) and seated right away. Our server was very personable and went above and beyond to ensure we were comfortable, even bringing my son's pancake to the table first, as she noticed he became a bit antsy to eat! The food was excellent and very inexpensive for the quality you receive.  Might I add, they serve the best pancakes I've ever had! (Please note that I am a monthly subscriber to Pancake Aficionado magazine,  so my endorsement is valid) This has become our family go to for a great breakfast!It was just meh. Not worth your visit to be honest. Food was boring and did not have many vegan options. I felt hungry after eating the veggie wrap with fries.It's still pricey, but I had this short rib pizza they had on special a few weeks ago and it was phenomenal! The pizza was artisanal, gourmet, and I was crying tears of joy as I was eating it... One might say it was the best pizza I've had all year. Short rib meat was cooked to perfection and it had some type of onion jam or marmalade on it which was making my tastebuds do back flips. It was really an amazing pizza experience. It was covered with short rib meat.  I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. 
The barista, Nicole, is top notch. She really loves what she does and not only does it show it also comes out in her fabulous drinks that she makes. 
It's still uber expensive for lunch fare, but I treat myself every now and then. 
Customer service is always with a smile, literally everyone is always pleasant when I go in there.Had my sister's baby shower here and it was great. Liza was a pleasure to work with, the staff was friendly and food was great. Definitely recommend.Top notch food and top notch service. Breakfast is amazing, espcially the cream chipped beef. Best crab-cake sandwich in the city. Homemade pesto is addictive. Highly recommend!Fantastic food, comfortable and inviting atmosphere, extensive menu with a variety of options.
A beautiful layout that offers quality meals using fresh ingredients. I've been here multiple times since they opened at the end of May. As with any new restaurant they needed some time to iron out the kinks but each visit has improved dramatically. 
Their breakfast is some of the best the city has to offer, from Mascarpone French toast to insanely delicious cream chip beef.
Their chicken salad is dynamite, fresh roasted and handpicked.  Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.
Pizza is also top notch, smaller pie but tons of flavor. Service continues to improve, I'll keep visiting on a weekly basis for breakfast and lunchNot what I was hoping for. Service was spotty, at best. Homemade chips were very greasy. Bummer.I've given this place so many shots but the older lady with curly white hair is consistently rude to me.  She treats me as if I'm bothering her every time i come in.  Heaven forbid she's counting the drawer and then you'll get a real attitude.  I can't believe they still have this woman working as a cashier/barista.  She needs to be in the back washing pots & pans because she can't handle interacting with customers.I was so excited to stop and get my childhood favorite pizza Tacconelli's. I was very disappointed to find out it not only shrunk in size but went up in price. $45 for three of the smallest pizzas I ever had.  #epicfail.  Not even as tasty as Maple Shade.Fantastic food, comfortable and inviting atmosphere, extensive menu with a variety of options.
A beautiful layout that offers quality meals using fresh ingredients. I've been here multiple times since they opened at the end of May. As with any new restaurant they needed some time to iron out the kinks but each visit has improved dramatically. 
Their breakfast is some of the best the city has to offer, from Mascarpone French toast to insanely delicious cream chip beef.
Their chicken salad is dynamite, fresh roasted and handpicked.  Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.
Pizza is also top notch, smaller pie but tons of flavor. Service continues to improve, I'll keep visiting on a weekly basis for breakfast and lunch!Nacole is the epitome of good customer service!  She understands my addiction to iced coffee by having it ready as soon as I walk in!  She is the main reason I keep going back to Mercer.  She's incredibly friendly, always happy and in a good mood, and treats me like I'm her special customer. :) If it wasn't for Nacole I would probably just go to URBN for coffee.Fantastic food, comfortable and inviting atmosphere, extensive menu with a variety of options.
A beautiful layout that offers quality meals using fresh ingredients. I've been here multiple times since they opened at the end of May. As with any new restaurant they needed some time to iron out the kinks but each visit has improved dramatically. 
Their breakfast is some of the best the city has to offer, from Mascarpone French toast to insanely delicious cream chip beef.
Their chicken salad is dynamite, fresh roasted and handpicked.  Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.
Pizza is also top notch, smaller pie but tons of flavor. Service continues to improve, I'll keep visiting on a weekly basis for breakfast and lunch!This morning I waited 26 Mins for a breakfast sandwich I kid you not! I ordered at 9:03 got my sandwich at 9:29am The staff is slow and so rude especially the woman who runs the front! Gestapo Tactics ! This isnt the first time this happened! Very upsetting because its great food but if this is the service then I will not be returning nor will I recommendFantastic food, comfortable and inviting atmosphere, extensive menu with a variety of options.
A beautiful layout that offers quality meals using fresh ingredients. I've been here multiple times since they opened at the end of May. As with any new restaurant they needed some time to iron out the kinks but each visit has improved dramatically. 
Their breakfast is some of the best the city has to offer, from Mascarpone French toast to insanely delicious cream chip beef.
Their chicken salad is dynamite, fresh roasted and handpicked.  Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.
Pizza is also top notch, smaller pie but tons of flavor. Service continues to improve, I'll keep visiting on a weekly basis for breakfast and lunchThis place is the worst!  Chicken panini advertised online states it come with chips and pickles for $9.50.  They charged me 10.50 for the panini and chips then an extra 50 cents for the pickles.
Not enough meat and peppers.  
I always try to give this place a chance to redeem themselves but they blow it every time.  Do they even read these reviews?!  This is the last time I will go to Mercer.  
Take your hard earned money and go to Dinic's.  Meat for days and it totally tastes better!I'm a fan. I actually enjoyed the pizza better then the original tacconellis.  The new location is great and service is as good as the original Mercer.  They need to tighten a few things up but they are doing great for only being open for 9 days. Worth a trip, you won't be disappointedLOVING this new addition to the Navy Yard! Not only is the atmosphere fantastic, the food is amazing! I can't say enough about the blueberry pancakes and their variety of different paninis. They even do a daily special that is always creative and different if you want to divert from the normal menu. 
Service is awesome! The staff makes me feel right at home. Nikki who works in the coffee bar makes the most creative coffee drinks and smoothies. Love her!  If I'm dining alone it's perfect - I can grab a seat on a barstool and chit chat with the waitresses during lunch.  Thanks for bringing such a great new restaurant in the Navy Yard! Keep up the awesome work.  :)So annoying! I went to The Mercer Cafe for dinner a few weeks ago & had a great meal. It was a Thursday night, the place was empty so the owner spoke to us at great length about his story & business plans WHICH INCLUDED BEING OPEN FOR DINNER WED,TH& FRI nights! 
Last week we went on Thursday & the place was closed. The sign on the door said it was closed for "unexpected repairs" but the man doing construction outside told my mom that there had been a family emergency. Things happen, no biggie, so we decided to return this week & IT WAS CLOSED AGAIN!!!! No sign, no guy, no nothing!! Nothing on the web site stating the hours have changed...nada! So totally unprofessional! I will never go out of my way ( as it is tucked away in the back of The Navy Yard) to come here ever again! 
BTW dude, This the reason why the family doesn't want to share their good name with you, As you obviously don't care about running a professional establishment, the way that they have for the past 50 years!Got a turkey club, tastes good but not worth $10+ with no chips or fries. Little overpricedTerrible customer service. Food is mediocre. I got a breakfast sandwich and it's mostly bread. Long waiting time for food. Once the food was out, they took a long time to notice.Don't waste your money on this place.  Been here twice and each time very disappointed.  High prices because of their location and barely anything on their sandwiches.  Go to the URBN cafe.Very good sandwich tried the toasted Italian hoggie ,presitation was good, nice roll,alittle dry tomatoes not ripe nice touch with watermelon slice and homemade potato chip were good will go back. As for the pizza at tacconellis what a rip off 12 inch pie for 15.00 tried the signature pie , not much cheese, light on tomatoes and spinach probably cost them 2.00 to make not going to try that again better off getting pizza elsewhereI love this place! I've had great breakfasts and lunches here. The pancakes are wicked good, eggs are spot on. The lunch specials are very well prepared and are well with a try. The staff is extremely friendly and responsive. This is a must try.Just what the navy yard needed. Food was delicious and the service was good. Nice spot to grab breakfast or lunch and the Pizza is top notch.Fantastic food, comfortable and inviting atmosphere, extensive menu with a variety of options.
A beautiful layout that offers quality meals using fresh ingredients. I've been here multiple times since they opened at the end of May. As with any new restaurant they needed some time to iron out the kinks but each visit has improved dramatically. 
Their breakfast is some of the best the city has to offer, from Mascarpone French toast to insanely delicious cream chip beef.
Their chicken salad is dynamite, fresh roasted and handpicked.  Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.
Pizza is also top notch, smaller pie but tons of flavor. Service continues to improve, I'll keep visiting on a weekly basis for breakfast and lunch.The crab cake sandwich was one of the best I ever had. Turkey panini was tasty with roasted red peppers. First time at the Naval Yard.  Interesting area.What a nice place just to stop if you want a good breakfast for not a ton of money. The added bonus is just having a chance to drive through the Navy Yard I look at all the Fantastic buildings there were once used for a whole different purpose. My wife had the egg bagel sandwich special that was only $5 and I had the challah French toast which was fantasticLike to wait 15 plus minutes for an egg sandwich with bacon that you paid $5 for (on special) that has hardly any bacon on it?? Well Mercer is the place for you! Otherwise if you enjoy fast service and getting your money's worth of food, then I'd skip Mercer Cafe because you will be highly disappointed.  Mercer Cafe only stays open because of the limited choices in the Navy Yard. And even with those limited choices, I won't be going there again.I used to come here for lunch because the pizza is actually good.. when it's not burnt. However, the service is so slow, so I stopped going for lunch bc I just didn't have the liberty to take a 1.5 hour lunch. So, today I stopped in for take out. I got a Caesar salad with no meat and it came out to $9.18. For lettuce. Now I won't be back to eat in or take out.Workers not wearing masks properly, and don't seem to care when pointed out. Also,  the food from cooler seems old. If you're going to be open you shouldn't half ass it.If I could give Mercer Cafe ten stars I would! We just had the most amazing first birthday party for my daughter and I was blown away! The food was incredible and the staff went over and beyond to accommodate our guests. The pizza was amazing!!Tom was so easy to work with and made everything happen so seamlessly. If you are considering hosting your event at Mercer Cafe I highly recommend it!!Friendly service and excellent food. I eat here often and everything is fresh. Mercer Cafe is very clean and the kitchen is visible. An excellent choice for all meals. Parking is limited.This is my 3rd time and last time at Mercer Café.  It's not that the food isn't suitable, it's just not a friendly Café, which is disappointing since it is in the Navy Yard serving a lot of military people. Just a few suggestions: you do not put the condiment packs in the container with the food (ie on my veggie burger!). The reason is very simple, the packs are handled, some are dropped on the floor and they are not clean most of the time. Please put them in the bag outside of the container.  Secondly, your prices. I understood my veggie burger being $10.00 but .60 for a small slice of cheese, .95 for about 3 strings of caramelized onions and .25 for mayo that wasn't even on the sandwich. And finally, it's a Café which should be friendly - not greeted with attitude.Can't wait to eat here again.  One of the friendliest staffs that I've ever come across.  This location makes you feel like you're on vacation.  My favorite thing on the menu is the pizza.  If you love Taconelli's, this is it.  I'm serious, same family same recipe plus parking spots.I have been a frequent customer here for a while, and almost every time it's been splendid, the food is good, nice portions , maybe in the pricey side but not unworthy of the cost. I did have a problem there today with a lady at the marketplace who was wholly unprofessional in all aspects, and I kept my cool and didn't let her bad attitude get me to be as loud as she was. However I did send a message to management with my concerns and the owner called me back within 15 minutes and apologized profusely and re-enforced that this was not how they do business. I will continue to frequent the Cafe on the yard and hope that this was an isolated incident.Fire brick oven pizzas, who doesn't like that? They have them at Mercer Café, so get an order in. They have a lot of surprising options for the pizzas, unfortunately the warm up value on the pizza isn't that impressive. The chicken panini with pesto is a good go to, it'll do the job, I imagine all the paninis will do that. The fries, meh, not worth getting. They are skinny similar to McDonald's but they were wet from steam, potato chips may have been a better option. The staff were approachable and helpful, so overall a good experience.I just had an AWFUL experience at the Mercer cafe. The blond older lady was extremely rude because I placed an order over the phone for myself and my friend and we asked to slip the bill when we came to pick it up. She made a huge deal and acted overly stressed so I offered to pay the full bill to make it easier for everyone and she rejected saying rudely that that was too much talk and she needed to concentrate.  She kept making unnecessary comments and making everyone around us very uncomfortable. She was acting like she was over the edge. Anything you tried to say she'd raise her hand and ask to wait or stop even though my friend and I were super calm in the beginning.  I felt extremely disrespected and stressed due her behavior. She should NOT be allowed to deal with customers. Besides the food is mediocre  and expensive. I certainly DO NOT recommend this place.This is one of the only places in the Navy Yard to buy lunch, so I really appreciate the fact that they exist. The pizza here is great, and they're even open on Saturdays. 
They have a surprisingly large amount of seating considering their location. Service was bright and cheerful the last time I was there too.Like to wait 15 plus minutes for an egg sandwich with bacon that you paid $5 for (on special) that had hardly any bacon on it?? Well Mercer is the place for you! Otherwise if you enjoy fast service and getting your money's worth of food, then I'd skip Mercer Cafe because you will be highly disappointed.  Mercer Cafe only stays open because of the limited choices in the Navy Yard. 
They do make a great latte though. Well the one girl does, and that makes up for most of it.I've been here for lunch in the past and really enjoyed it. They are now open for dinner in the evenings. We came on a Friday night for pizza. I didn't love it as much as lunch and I wouldn't be dying to come back. 
The waitress was super rude. The ENTIRE place was open. We are talking no other table was seated before I got there for our party of five. I got seated at a table and no sooner does another table walk in and get seated directly next to us. Really?! It drives me NUTS when people do that. So I got up and asked to move to another open five top that I saw. She told me it was saved for reservations. So I asked to sit somewhere else and explained that I didn't understand why we had to sit on top of another table when the entire place was open. She rolled her eyes and agitatedly told me I could sit at the other end. Then proceeded to drag tables together which are metal and very loud. 
Three of us wanted sparkling water but there was only one left so there went that. 
Their margherita pizza isn't a true margherita. It had tomato sauce on it (which was horrible). A true margherita has Roma tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella and fresh basil. This was not the case. I would never want their margherita again. It was awful. Their plain cheese pizza was good and their pizzaz pizza was good. The pizza is small. If I was going with one other person I would definitely get two versus one to share. Their salads were pretty good. 
It's a very causal atmosphere. Almost like a cafeteria. I would still recommend it for lunch because they have more options. I know this is a hot spot for people working at the Navy Yard and I feel like it's a good lunch spot for them. Their dinner menu was pretty limited, though. I didn't care for the server at all. I wouldn't return unless I had to.Mercer Cafe was a buzz when it first opened. It was the new restaurant at the Navy Yard; that for a period of time lacked a sufficient amount of places to eat. Prior to my dining experiences, I would hear people say that the food was over-priced, and the service was slow. 
My first two dining experiences came a week after their opening. On both occasions, I dined at Mercer Cafe for lunch, and both times I left a little disappointed. I ordered the crab cake sandwich my first visit, and the chicken pesto sandwich my second. While the crab cakes actually tasted pretty good, the entire dish was underwhelming. The crab-cake was small so there was a lot of bread around the sandwich, and I was not a fan of the French fries. I returned a few days later and ordered the chicken pesto sandwich. The sandwich consisted of, asparagus and roasted peppers topped with pesto and a very thin piece of chicken breast, essentially making the sandwich all bread and veggies. If the chicken breast was thicker and seasoned a little more the sandwich could have been good. I believe this is why some patrons were expressing their concerns about this place being slightly over-priced. While my first two lunch experiences may not have met my expectations, things progressively improved. I ordered the chicken Caesar salad, and the pizza during my last two lunches visits respectively. The salad was certainty an improvement from my first two experiences. The full salad was enough to satisfy any hunger, and could serve as two meals if necessary. 
If you've read my reviews, you will know I am a stickler when it comes to pizza. While the pizza here probably won't make my all time favorites list, I can, without hesitation, eat the pizza here on a routine basis. I cannot say that about most of the pizzeria joints in the region. Unfortunately, I have to agree with most when they say the pies are slightly over-priced based upon the size of the pie.
Despite some of the negative lunch experiences, breakfast is one thing this place does really well. Yes, there were some growing pains at first, especially when it came to how my eggs are prepared. The staff at the front of the house at least, especially Nichole the Barista, is very accommodating, and after much trial and error, and the occasional mistake, I think the staff in the kitchen is starting to get the hang of it. Other than that, I have been  satisfied with the breakfast at Mercer Cafe. The French toast is pretty good, and the pancakes are really...really good. The only thing that can make these two Breakfast staples better, is if it was served with warm syrup. The breakfast potatoes are pretty solid as well. 
The key element to any establishment seeking to be a quality breakfast location is good coffee, and their coffee is probably the best on the base. It is smooth, and brewed to a comfortable temperature. In addition to their normal coffee, their Barista, Nicole, will whip you up some of the best lattes, mochas, or any other coffee flavored beverage of your choice. 
Despite the challenges, overall I am pretty satisfied with Mercer Cafe. The staff that I have encountered have been friendly, and accommodating. Their prices are not any more expensive than any other quality establishment at the Navy Yard but, giving my first two experiences I can understand why some patrons feel as if they do not get their money's worth. My mediocre lunch services came shortly after this place opened its door. Like anything new, you have to expect some hiccups and growing pains during the first few weeks. Are the posts from other reviewers true? Yes, there are some concerns from patrons that need to be addressed but, once they get past hiccups and growing pains, Mercer Cafe will be on track to becoming a successful eatery.