Pleasant people and a welcoming atmosphere. It's always a good sign when there's a good amount of people there even after the lunch rush. I was acknowledged quickly and was able to order as soon as I was ready. I ended up ordering the steak sandwich with the filet. It was tender, juicy and paired well with the American cheese fried onions I got on the sandwich. I will be coming back! 5 stars, looking forward to trying their other menu items.AWESOME little neighborhood!!  Clean, great food and service, but mostly importantly customer service is great!!  EnjoyPretty good and clean cafe! I got the burger, it was well made. The fries were on point. Really really great service!4 stars for the marscapone stuffed French toast. 5 stars for the awesome service.You know when 6 police officers are wrapping up their meal at a spot,  it's gonna be good. Why was today my first visit?
Liza is awesome,  crab anything is fantastic,  and the cookies are just silly! I can only imagine the rest of the menu,  and the rest of the desserts, are incredible as well. I guess I'll find out on my future visits! 
Thanks for a great brunch today,  Liza.This is my first review, although I've been here many times. This was a pretty standard visit. I had breakfast, and my husband had lunch. My veggie omelet was good, but the home fries were just awful. This place almost never gets the home fries right. Their Le Bus toast was great as always. My husband enjoyed his cheesesteak although I thought it didn't taste all that great. The service is almost always hit or miss as well, and this was no exception during this visit. Service was ok, but nothing outstanding. We most likely will be back again.I moved to this neighborhood 2 years ago from Center City and am used to walking just a few blocks to eat out.  Most of the other places to eat in Port Richmond north of Allegheny are pizza/steak places or bars (not counting Aramingo Diner), so Mercer Cafe is a great alternative.  
The menu is surprisingly varied, and they serve LeBus bread and La Colombe coffee, which is a nice touch.  We have always had great service and the food is good - every once in while something will be off (e.g. grilled chicken in the salad is dry), but that is usually when we've gone closer to closing time.  Their Shrimp Avocado BLT is always delicious! 
Peak time on weekends is before noon - we have usually gone around 12:30 or 1 and not had a problem getting a seat right away.My hands down favorite breakfast joint. LaColombe coffee, fresh homemade food of the highest quality, lots of variety, friendly staff. The mom-and-pop quality experience, the neighborhood feel, and delicious food make this place hard to beat.I absolutely love it here. The sevice is always incredible and the food never disappoints. I went with the hazelnut french toast, basically Nutella and strawberries on your breakfast. This was a special so it isn't always offered. However the rest of the menu is incredible as well. It's a small little cafe so you need to get there pretty early to get a table if you have a larger group. I've been here several times and they never disappoint.  Next time you are in Port Richmond give them a try.We stumbled across this place for lunch riding a bike through Philadelphia from Los Angeles and would definitely cine here on purpose if we lived here... Great, fresh food and amazing friendly service.Worst customer service I have ever recieved. I went there for the first time this morning with my fiancee and our children. When we went in I specifically asked for a high chair for my one year old. We were told to go sit over there and never given a high chair. I had to eat with my son on my lap and while I heard our waitress ask several tables how there food was she never asked us. My bacon was so burnt I could not even eat it so I pretty much payed for trash. I definately will never be going there again and will be sure to tell everyone I know how horrible it was there. And to make it all even better as we were leaving someone else came in with a child a little bigger then my son and was given a high chair.One of my favorite spots. I wish they were open earlier though. It's a small cute space that's a gem in the city. Love the coffee, food and ambiance. Feels like familyGreat little place in Port Richmond!! Breakfast is delicious, have eaten there multiple times and haven't been disappointed yet. The home fries with onion and peppers are delicious, and the French toast is some of the best I have had. I do have to say I enjoyed their lunch (the homemade BBQ chips are fantastic), but the breakfast really takes the cake.   Cute neighborhood eatery where everyone knows each other. Definitely recommended if you are in the area!!Don't go to Applebee's, you should eat here. I was satisfied in more ways than one. You'll get a smile along with that delicious breakfast sandwich. This place is the quintessential neighborhood eatery.
I had the Jason's Breakfast sandwich (the precise name I don't recall) and it was literally everything I could have wanted in a breakfast sandwich. The coffee wasn't bad either. 
As far as neighborhood lunch/breakfast places go... 5/5 for sureI went here with my boyfriend after 4 hours of college class. We were going to go to Cheers cafe but decided to try Mercer cafe. 
I had the french toast with Marscapon  and berry sauce but I asked for only blueberry's and blackberry's because I'm allergic to strawberry's . I got that and my boyfriend got a egg  omelet with asparagus . The food was excellent and I will visit again. The wait staff was great, only problem was that we had to first sit at a table for 4 and being only 2 of us I guess it was awkward, we were asked to move to another table because a party of 6 came in. After moving around then I felt relaxed. It was loud though a lot of talking which was okay by me. 
I will visit again. I enjoyed it. I over looked this place many times.This is a local gem in Port Richmond where most corners have a pizza shop or bar. The food was great and the service friendly and prompt. A huge menu of sandwiches with - get this - homemade potato chips! They came straight from the fryer, hot and a bit greasy. The smell was amazing.An amazing place for breakfast. I love their specialty omelettes. Staff were polite, giving Mercer Cafe a family feel. I haven't tried their lunch options but have been impressed with the breakfast items I've tasted. I would highly recommend checking this place out. Good food, good folks, and not too hard on the wallet.I've been an on again off again regular here for years. It's only because I don't spend much time in the neighborhood where it is. The food is good.
I always return for one reason. Consistency. I've loved every burger, nearly every chicken finger and French fry, each cup of tea and every bite I could manage to finish of their fluffy hot pancakes. What's great is with all that the front of the house where you are served, the countertops, and the bathroom is always clean. The plates and silverware  are clean. And the waitstaff is polite. It's also good to know that they do take orders by phone and give you pretty accurate times when you can pick up your food.This restaurant is in Port Richmond, not Kensington.  I have lived in this neighborhood for 7 years now, and this was one of my favorite local spots.  Over the last 2 years the quality of the food and the service has dropped steadily.   My breakfast order is never how I order it, somethings always missing, or overcooked.  I had lunch there recently and the hot roast beef was overcooked, and dry.  It didn't appear "fresh" at all.  
The wait staff are all young and attractive, but snotty and not service oriented.  One server we usually gets drags her feet constantly on Sunday mornings and appears to be in a drunken hangover...messy hair, and shabby dress.  Bottom line on Mercer Cafe...skip it.We went to Mercer Cafe to day for Fathers Day brunch and it was delicious!!! It was our first time and all of the great things I've heard about it are true! They have many unique dishes like peanut butter, Nutella French toast, marscapone French toast, veggie eggs Benedict, scallion and garlic home fries, the list goes on! It was hard to decide what to get. They also have Le bus bread and la columbe coffee. Ingredients are fresh and staff is super nice!!! I hear they are opening a few new locations with the first being in the Navy Yard, across from Urban Outfitters.Pretty good food in an area where there are not a lot of options.  Plus you won't get your car stolen.  (At least during the daytime.)  So it has that going for it...  Which is nice...They have this great breakfast hoagie that has scrapple on it. It was delicious and big enough to share if you're a moderate eater.Undercooked Bisquick pancakes, Cold Overpriced tiny portion of soggy home fries, and government grade gallon jug of orange juice. This is a cute place but the food is not goodI sent this email to the manager:
Hi Bernadette,
As I sat sipping my delicious cup of coffee I noticed your card on the ledge so I felt compelled to send you a message. 
First I must tell you that I've been on a quest for the perfect breakfast for the last few years. I travel for business around the philly/nj/de area and I always order the same thing. 2 eggs over easy, onions in my potatoes, rye toast & coffee. I kid you not, I've ordered the same plate at least 200 times. I'm putting it out there that what I just ate today is easily a top 3. 
Here's how it scored in my mind....
Coffee: 8.5  La Colombe, can't go wrong. Nice to have something other than Sysco. 
Potatoes: 9.50 perfect portion size, excellent mix of small pieces and big chunks, added onions were sautéed just right. 
Toast: 9.75 Yum. You buy the good rye. Buttered just right. Woulda been a 10 if was toasted for like 15 seconds more. 
Eggs: 10. BOOM. perfection. The person that cooked these is my hero of the day. Cracked ever so gently into a perfectly heated pan. Yolks a phenomenally perfect over easy. Whites stretched like a small fluffy layer of clouds across the plate.  My tastebuds sang with notes of joy and splendor.  
Bravo. 
I found my new breakfast spot for 2016
Happy holidays, 
StevenWhere did the quality go? We were here first thing (8:15) Sunday morning, and I can only assume that the cook hadn't come in and the manager hadn't come in, and the young waitresses did their best in taking over the kitchen.  
How can you mess up an omelet?  Let me count the ways.  I ordered a featured pancetta, tomato, and onion omelet.  First of all they were out of pancetta, and used whole strips of bacon instead.  I don't have a problem with that, provided they come out and say "We are out of pancetta, is it OK if we substitute bacon?"  Which they didn't.  They just delivered the omelet as if nothing had happened.  And why not erase it from the featured chalkboard?  
Just as remarkable, there was hardly a shred of tomato nor onion.  You know how sometimes a tiny piece of an ingredient sneaks its way in because it stuck to the spatula from another diner's order?  That was the quantity of tomato and onion in this omelet - a speck here or there.  No cook would have ever done that, which is why I suspect no cook showed up 8:00 am this Sunday.  
La Colombe coffee was excellent.  The potatoes were excellent.  The Le Bus bread was excellent (but it was supposed to be toasted, not just warm).  Those prevented me from giving this place, a former gem of mine, only 1 star.  
I think they are really better than this.  I truly believe they were pretending all is well, but missing key cooking and management staff.I come here atleast once a week, usually for breakfast. It's always very good. Their coffee is the best! And I highly recommend ordering creamed chipped beef with rye bread from Le Bus.The food is good and so is the atmosphere. Their French fries are addicting!  The only 'meh' meal I've had here is the steak tip Caesar salad. The filet tips alway tend to come out chewy and not that great. 
I also didn't like that we had no idea they were only serving breakfast ONLY on Sundays until we'd been seated and given menus, with drinks in front of us and then server then came over for our orders. This happened twice. We wouldn't have stayed and that needs to be made more clear.Again I will say, PORT RICHMOND, NOT KENSINGTON!!! 
Anyway, this has been one of my favorite neighborhood places since it opened.  When it started it was basically the first cute, trendy spot our neighborhood had seen.  Now a few other places have followed in Mercer's footsteps, but I will always like this place the best!
They have great sandwiches & desserts on the menu.  I just absolutely love the vibe here.  As a Port Richmond resident born & raised, I always see soemone I know in here.  Just a great place to enjoy lunch & hang out.I'd like to consider myself a self proclaimed breakfast connoisseur, so when I find out about a new place to get my breakfast on, my little heart jumps for joy at the change to try out a new spot.
Mercer Cafe is a wonderful little corner...diner? bruncherie? I'm not sure but the food is amazing. My boyfriend and I went on a late morning on a Monday. it wasn't busy even though it was a holiday and everyone had off from work. We picked our seat and were greeted with smiles from the staff. The coffee was delicious and the menu was very long. There were almost 4 pages of things to choose from for breakfast alone! They also have an extensive lunch menu. I decided to choose something from the specials menu and got a sausage, pepper, and onion omelet. Everything about it was just right. it wasn't so large that I couldn't finish it, but I feel like I got my money's worth. It also came with a side of potatoes that were cooked just right and perfectly buttered Le Bus bread. My boyfriend got the Liza omelet (named after one of the women working there...perhaps she's the owner) which had some asparagus in it and was also very good.
Service was swift, to the point, and polite. This is a new favorite spot and I'm glad I heard about it from a friend. Definitely a good alternative to waiting 5 hours for a table elsewhere.Just had brunch at the Mercer for the first time in too long. This place is one of the best kept secrets in Philly. All the food is freshly made with fresh ingredients. The place has a very local vibe and you feel right at home there for breakfast or lunch. There is never a huge wait, no pretentious hostesses, servers, or design just amazing food. Standouts include bottomless La Colombe coffee, crab and asparagus omelette, their famous mascarpone and berry french toast, egg & cheese on a fresh crossant, and the best eggs florentine I have ever tasted. This place is truly a gem and the perfect cure if you have had one too many the night before.Hands down the best breakfast/lunch spot in city. Flat out can not get a bad meal here. I would eat here on a daily basis if I lived a little closer. Most incredible crab cake I have ever sunk my teeth into, challenge it vs any on the planet.I used to work in Port Richmond and stop in here all of the time for breakfast and lunch.  I haven't been back in a while so I wanted to stop by for brunch.  It was amazing as always!  The owner is a nice guy and greeted us when we walked in.  Mercer is a small cafe that fits right into the Port Richmond setting.  The servers are nice and waited on us promptly.  
As for the food, I very much enjoyed my Farmer's Frittata.  It was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  You can't go wrong with the quality coffee they serve as well.  I'm excited for the new location which is close to me!I came here with my bf for brunch at his suggestion. The servers were definitely more Port Richmond/old school - didn't give us much time to review the menu, not overly polite - but I kind of like the "authenticity" of that. Ugh, how hipster do I sound. Basically, it felt comfortable and not fake. They were also pretty good about keeping our coffees full. We split the mascarpone and berry French toast, an omelet, and a single pancake (because that's what I was actually craving). The French toast was amazing - not too sweet, the toast was the perfect combo of crisp on the outside and custardy in the middle. I usually prefer pancakes, but not with French toast like this. In fact, their pancake was the most underwhelming of the items we ordered - it was pretty pale (I like my pancakes with a little color) and not very fluffy. Still good, though. Finally, the omelet was also scrumptious. We had it with cheddar, bacon, and onions - plenty of flavor. It looked kind of small for a three-egg omelet, but we honestly didn't need any more calories. The omelet came with home fries, which were fine (I'm generally not impressed with home fries, just because they're kind of boring most of the time) and two huge pieces of buttered toast (which were very good). We were definitely full when we left, but surprisingly not uncomfortably stuffed. Not sure how that happened.I had breakfast here this weekend for the first time in months.  I'm happy to say it was good, and so was the service.If you haven't been here before, do yourself a favor and stop in. Even if your not a local, the breakfast omelets are amazing. Everything is well priced, and the staff is super friendly. Mercer Cafe is on my top 5 best brunch spots in all of philly. Oh and they have La Columbe Coffee!Great food and affordable prices. La Colombe coffee is def a plus. Just moved here and have already eaten at Mercer 3 times.Have never had a bad meal here. The shrimp and crab quesadilla is amazing for lunch, and the marscapone French toast is to die for. The service is great, all the girls are so nice and accommodating. The owner is in there helping when it is crazy busy and he's so down to earth. My favorite spot to eat!So finally after all these years we stopped in for lunch today. I have to be honest, I was a bit disappointed. I'm not sure if I just went on a bad day or should have just went for breakfast. First and foremost the service was great! The servers were very nice and the place was clean, no wait. I tried to order the seafood soup but they didn't have it so I went with the tomato basil. I have to say the soup was the best part of the meal.
I ordered the burger, meh, it wasn't as good as I hoped. The fried onions were burnt, a perfect brioche bun that wasn't toasted and 4 small tomatoes, and possibly romaine? I've never had romaine on a burger, bibb and iceberg yes but never romaine. I was a bit confused as to why they wouldn't just use a large tomato slice? Anyway, it came with fries. Again I was disappointed, they were cold and appeared to be frozen fries just like a chain. My wife had the tuna special. She said it was ok, was supposed to come with a pesto sauce but never did. It was funny because it looked like a pork chop, never seen that before.
I guess we may stop back if we're in the area, but I won't make a special trip. Maybe next time we'll do breakfast. Funny we grew up in the area and never stopped. Maybe we will have better luck.Great Port Richmond establishment. Clean, friendly, and top-notch food. It was a little warm the day we were there, so a cooler facility would have helped . But I'll be back for sure, and the next time for more than a Diet Coke.love this hole in the wall! cream chipped beef is amazing! the staff can seem unfriendly sometimes but everyone has their days!Mercer Café is a neighborhood gem, serving up creative dishes with quality ingredients, but located just a little bit off the beaten path.  One thing that I liked was that they go the extra mile with La Columbe coffee and LeBus bread, for instance, but the restaurant has an utterly low key, unpretentious atmosphere.  The location is in Philadelphia's Port Richmond neighborhood, not far from the Castor Ave/Alleghany I-95 exit.  
Our party of 6 stopped by for lunch on Saturday, and the entire group left the Mercer Café happy and satisfied!  The restaurant is not a large space; while we were there, they were able to accommodate 2 groups of 6, plus several other tables seating 2 or 4 people, mostly families.  There is also a lunch counter.  Service was friendly and attentive, with the owner pitching in and also checking in with each table.  It seemed like there was a lot of familiarity in the greetings.  The only downside was that we were seated near the door and the alarm kept on beeping.  I hope that is a glitch that was acting up that day, because it was pretty irritating before we eventually were able to tune it out.  
The menu has a lot of variety, including specials, and I found it hard to choose since it all looked really good.  Some of the items that we ordered included:  bacon, lettuce, tomato, shrimp, and avocado sandwich (on LeBus multigrain); grilled vegetable panini; house salad; salad plate of tomato, mozzarella, and tuna in olive oil; roasted turkey sandwich; freshly made potato chips.  Our portion sizes were more than adequate, but we saw some hoagies delivered to another table that were absolutely gigantic!  
If my lunch experience is any indication of what the Mercer Café is capable of, I definitely look forward to stopping back for breakfast or dinner!I've never had a bad meal here but lack of seating is what keep me from returning.  I live in the area so I usually order to go now.  The food always taste fresh and the menu always has a good variety of sweet and savory options for breakfast.  If there were more seating I would give this a 5 star.  Something about sitting arm and arm with other patrons while eating makes me enjoy my visit a little less.4.5 stars 
My friend and I were driving through Philly at the mercy of smartphone directions early on Sunday morning, and we were out-of-our-minds hungry. Desperate for some breakfast, I just yelped "open now" and "near me" and Mercer Cafe popped up. I love little mom-n-pop neighborhood finds on Yelp! 
The food here was very good breakfast/diner food in a casual but not too greasy environment. It looks more like a coffeeshop/bakery, and less like a diner. 
It's worth having breakfast here for the home fries/potatoes alone, since they're crispy all over, but still fluffy on the inside. The sausage links are not your typical wimpy breakfast sausage, but are almost the size of a typical wurst and oh so good. My friend barely made a dent in her mountain of pancakes but thought they were amazing.  The La Columbe coffee here is amazingly good too. You get one refill, then they start charging. 
I could not have asked for better service. The servers were attentive, quick, and super friendly. Breakfast is served all day on Sundays.
P.S. I love when you ask for hot sauce, you get both Tabasco and Sriracha.Not only are their plates creative and tasty but they're brought to you by some of best looking ladies in Port Richmond. Mercer is pleasing to the eye and BellyAWESOME!!!  Cheese fries were great!  I love how the were melted in the bowl!  My eggplant pesto and red pepper panini was GREAT!The food is amazing here and all for a great price. Menu items are very unique and some are customizable. Specials are always worth checking out. Only con of course is the seating but go with an open mind and expect to wait. It's quite worth it. So is the iced chai lattes.This place is awesome.
I skipped going here a couple of times because I thought it was a ice cream shop. When I realized it was a diner, I stopped in for breakfast with my family.
The food was amazing. The portions were decent, not huge.....but you'll leave full. The omelets are very fluffy, bacon super crisp. 
The girls working there are never far away and always ready to refill your coffee. They are very polite and quick with suggestions for breakfast. 
They aren't super cheap....but not expensive. For a meal for 3 people, my bill came out to about $45 with tip. Not bad.
Will be trying this place again real soon.
Also, get your home fries with the peppers and onions.....thank me later.I give this place two stars because the coffee and toast were really good.  I went here yesterday for brunch and ordered a tomato, onion, and pancetta omelet.  My husband ordered a bacon, cheddar and onion omelet.  I requested an addition of cheese to my omelet.  Not only did I not get the cheese I asked for but the omelet was tasteless other than the pancetta.  My husband's was blah as well.  The homefries were also tasteless and lukewarm.  Okay. That was the food.  The server was completely oblivious.  She spent way more time on her cell phone than on us.  She never once asked how the food was (so I never got to tell her about the missing cheese).  I quickly asked for more coffee as she wisked by to do something else.  She refilled mine and left my husband's half-filled cup ignored.  He also needed more water -- too bad for him.  (Oh, and the place was not busy at the time.) At one point we actually grabbed the coffee pitcher off the counter to help ourselves. As we finish up she throws the illegible check on our table and mumbles something.  Well, we were at least charged for the cheese.  So for the first time in my life I didn't leave a tip.  I mean she was that bad.  If you're looking for a good place around here go to Hinge or Kitty's instead.For a luncheonette that shares it's space with a drug store, they sure are ambitious at the Mercer Cafe, I'll give them that. However, that ambition is not exactly matched by execution.
The menu is a mix of the typical and creative. Take the shrimp and avocado BLT for example. Great idea, lots of potential, and in the hands of the people at the Mercer Cafe, it's good; but it could and should be so much better. Since it's one of the few decent lunch options available in the area, I've had lunch here many times, and have had my order messed up on several occassions. Another strike on the service.We were in the port Richmond area looking for a diner and this one came up. The food is delicious, service is quick and the waitresses are friendly. We'll definitely be back again for breakfast.I was starving the morning I ended up here. I had found myself in the neighborhood unexpectedly (under less than stellar circumstances) and wanted to make the proverbial lemonade from lemons. What better to lift one's spirits than brunch? This was the first place Yelp recommended, and I'm glad I was led here.
The pricing is fair and the menu is varied. Definitely get one of their coffee drinks. They use La Colombe and both the drinks that my husband and I got were great. Their mascarpone French toast seemed like it was a fan favorite, so that's what I ended up ordering. It's a huge dish and will probably be two meals for you. It was very well made, and I loved the thick challah bread they use. The berries and cheese combine perfectly, and while it's sweet I wouldn't say it's sickeningly sweet.
I would come back definitely, but I am rarely in the area. It's a cute and cozy little cafe, and the perfect place for a casual brunch or lunch.Very good food for a very fair price. One of my favorite breakfast spots in Philly. Highly recommend.Amazing!!! From the quick and friendly service to the smile on everyone's face working ant patronizing this place. I had a pork sandwich made to order. My date had a chicken cutlets with mozzarella and spinach. He was raving about it at first bite. My pork melted in my mouth and even the fries were good.  Can't wait to try breakfast.What a great cafe! The food here is very fresh and surprisingly upscale, I wasn't expecting Le bus breads and la colombe coffee! 
The prosciutto and mozzarella panini was very nicely portioned and very tasty. The mercer chips are homemade and cooked perfectly. My dad had a nice breakfast with eggs (over easy, perfect!) Canadian bacon, hash browns and Le bus multigrain toast, boy did he love it! 
The menu here is large (well over 50 items) so I definitely need to come back and try more! The ladies working here are very friendly and fast.I stopped into Mercer Cafe because I wanted to try something new in the Philadelphia area, but I didn't want to drive into center city. 
The restaurant was clean, and cute and the service was good. 
On to the food:
my husband ordered the chicken noodle soup which was hot and delicious and then he had fillet tips and eggs. The eggs were cooked over easy and were perfect but he said the fillet tips lacked flavor. He usually eats his steak with A1 sauce, but the restaurant didn't have this. 
I had the turkey and provolone panini which was very dry and just mediocre. I also ordered french fries which were good, and the coffee I had was delicious. 
While there, I saw various wraps and salads being served which all looked fresh and delicious. I think I just chose the wrong thing on the menu. If I am in the area again, I will definitely give this place another shot.Very good affordable breakfast no frills. The #5 combo is the move. The coffee is always hot and ready to top off-La Colombe. Staff is usually always very friendly and the food comes out quick. 15-20 min turn around from walking in until you have your check and you're leaving-but also they never try to free up your table. Very polite and quick service. Regulars as of now, and will be for a long time.Ugh, I hate doing this, as I have just discovered this place and actually quite like it. For months I was trekking back into Fishtown from work, so this is a bit closer. I just got their chicken caesar salad, which is fine, they make their own dressing which is decent, but the grilled chicken is gnarly. Not only is it really oily, it's chewy, and I stopped eating it a couple of bites in. The reason this sucks is because adding protein is what makes a salad a do-able lunch for me. I'll go back, and I'll do my best to remember to leave a positive review the next time I add one- but it's not that difficult to make decent grilled chicken, especially if you work as a cook.Mercer Cafe is very affordable, clean and most importantly has great food. I enjoy going there for breakfast.Mercer Cafe is one of those rare Port Richmond gems.  Consistent and delicious, no frills breakfast or lunch at a reasonable price. I've been here about 50 times before I started using Yelp so it's hard for me to have a fresh perspective. 
It's a smaller restaurant so it may be somewhat difficult to get a seat if you have a large party on a weekend. 
For breakfast you can't go wrong with one of the neighborhood favorite specials. I generally don't go for lunch, but I've had a few of the panini sandwiches and the burger. All of which were solid. 
Nice and friendly local wait staff. 
Very much a local spot, but it appears that outsiders are starting to catch on.  Worth a visit if you happen to be in the neighborhood.Mercer Café at the corner of East Westmoreland and Mercer Streets in Port Richmond, Philadelphia, PA, is a classic neighborhood restaurant that helps give this section of the City of Brotherly Love its distinct character. It has a cozy, clubby atmosphere and a strong kitchen for classic and neo-classic menus focused on the morning and afternoon meal.  There is a small counter and a couple of dozen tables in the front of the house facing Westmoreland, and many more along the wall to the back of the house.. It is a very nice place to hang out with excellent La Colombe Coffee, and your favorite breakfast or lunch repast. 
Our basic egg, hash browns and wheat toast, and Greek-style omelet (I edited the ingredients), were both solid meals, yet not the knockouts they could have been. We found the potatoes to lack crispness and be overly salted. Too, there are unusual upcharges on any bread accompaniment other than plain Jane white.  Their whole wheat option costs a few dimes more, looked good, but lacked any identifying flavor. It was just a good sponge for the runny over easy yolks. Similarly, my omelet which contained onions, spinach, tomato, feta and those taters, was pretty good (especially with a large dose of Cholula), but the premium rye toast was smallish and far from the freshest bread I have eaten for an additional half buck.
There must be a business reason for costing out the meals with add-ons for bread choice, but it is idiosyncratic to say the least, especially when the quality of the loaves denies that they could have cost so much more than the white. 
Still, putting that aside, Mercer Café is a strong city breakfast and lunch nook, with superior Java, that can easily become a favorite stop on the Philadelphia breakfast train.Mercer Cafe is a small place, but great service. The employees are always nice and personable. Noting is ever a problem to them. The food is also amazing! Every dish is made with care and love. There is a full house, but when there is, the wait is generally short. I love this place and they definitely deserve all the 5 star reviews coming there way.An interesting hybrid of a hipster new wave diner, and a classic Philly neighborhood diner. Everything from creamed chip beef to steak and crab cake eggs Benedict. Great staff, fresh squeezed OJ, and street parking, what more could you ask for?This spot is a real gem in my neighborhood. I've eaten here a few times and it's always been fantastic.
The crab omelet is one of their daily specials and one of my favorites-- filling and all fresh quality ingredients.
The eggs benedict is kind of pricey for the amount of food you get, so don't get it if you're hungry, but it's done right and tastes as good as it looks.
Coffee is from La Colombe, so expect it to be good. Plus they have free refills for what is the regular price in the city.
Service is great, as expected, and the decor matches the classy vibe of the food.Excellent excellent food! I highly recommend this place if you're in the neighborhood! 
We stopped in for brunch on our way through Philly and were surprised at how good it was! 
Recommend: Turkey pesto panini with their homemade chips!
Check them out!Hey Benny, come and give me another kiss!
Mercer's is a tiny little corner bistro, that serves only breakfast on Sunday's, they are open until 3:00, but do not offer any soups on anything off the lunch menu. On the other hand they have a great selection of omelets, egg and meat combinations, a wide array of French toast and pancake platters.
I would be surprised if they had more than a dozen tables, but the long counter is lined with enough stools to double their capacity. Many tea and coffee choices, cookies and a dessert case filled with slim pickings. The large blackboard hosts so many tempting offerings, which makes it difficult to deviate from the daily creative specials.
Some of the choices for omelets made me drool, omelets that you would not normally see in a small corner cafe, but my eyes kept returning to the filet with crab topped eggs benedict and it was an awesome choice. The filet was small and cooked perfectly, but the quality of the meat and it even being a filet was questionable, however, the eggs benedict were superb, eggs were perfectly cooked, the hollandaise was top notch and it was all topped with a generous portion of pure lump crab meat. 
Michael had a bacon, cheddar cheese and onion omelet, which I would not have liked, since the outside of the omelet was dry looking and too brown. I'm so picky about my omelets, don't undercook them, but definitely do not overcook them, regardless, he enjoyed it.
It came with a side of wonderful home fries to which he added onions and peppers and toast, I snitched my fair share of potatoes, while he snitched his fair share of steak.
Friendly service, they do fill up quickly, but the overall service keeps them flowing nicely. I would definitely return, if you do go on another day for lunch or dinner, it is BYOB. Heck, maybe me and crab Benny can enjoy a Bloody Mary next time. 3.5You can't go wrong here. Breakfast and lunch are always great. Staff is super friendly and food is brought out promptly. Love it here.This is a small neighborhood spot. The food is okay. Like someone else said it needs better execution for the price. Being from NJ I prefer a diner, but there are none in the area. I asked to turn home fries into french fries for my kids and they said not on Sundays. Just as an FYI no lunch on Sundays and only 1 refill on coffees.Mercer Café is amazing. The food is wonderful, & the atmosphere is great. Danielle & all of the staff are truly angels from heaven. A Port Richmond must.This little spot is proof that great food is coming our way! If it seems a little far out ..... grow up. You moved to the city so you could walk to shit. 
It's probably going to be hard to keep something alive this far down. So next time you're thinking of cramming yourself into a booth at Fishtown diner or waiting 45 minutes to sit at Green eggs, I suggest you pop over here and try something new. 
There is not a lot of seating but it was not packed. Not sure if this is normal for this place or not. 
They serve La Colombe. This of course is appealing to me right off the bat. It automatically sets a place apart. 
I got the two eggs normal breakfast. The one you can make at home but that I choose to order whenever I'm out. I got it with sausage. Now normally I prefer patties over links. Their links were different though. Not sure how to explain it. Different in a really good way. They had some bite to them but were not spicy or hot. 
I also tried some of my wife's scrapple which was cooked to perfection. Crispy on the edges and soft mid section. 
The whole thing for three people amounted to $36 give or take. In my experience that isn't half bad. 
So please go Marvin K. Mooney.I have only had breakfast here, and even then, only three times over at least five years.
Thus over the long run the place is immaculate, service is a good (recognized servers from years ago so it's consistent in staffing to some extent), and prices were great.
My last meal there was modest as I am dieting:
Three fried eggs, grilled tomato slices, and multigrain toast.  Best such breakfast in town.  And LaColombe coffee was made so well it tasted just like I was at LaColombe.
I love Port Richmond and I love Mercer Cafe. Give it a try.Great place for breakfast or lunch. Great creamed chipped bead and very good burgers and fries. Service is good and prices are reasonable. A go to place in my hood for breakfast or lunch!!Absolutely superb local cafe. Wonderful friendly service, excellent tasty food made with uncommonly good ingredients (La Colonel coffee, LeBus bread). We stumbled upon this place and were so glad we did! Anytime we're in the neighborhood, we'll be back.Cute place. Had the special grilled chicken sandwich. Very good. Side salad had everything and was especially impressive. 
The ladies were all warm and delightfulWhat a great cafe! The food here is very fresh and surprisingly upscale, I wasn't expecting Le bus breads and la colombe coffee! 
The prosciutto and mozzarella panini was very nicely portioned and very tasty. The mercer chips are homemade and cooked perfectly. My dad had a nice breakfast with eggs (over easy, perfect!) Canadian bacon, hash browns and Le bus multigrain toast, boy did he love it! 
The menu here is large (well over 50 items) so I definitely need to come back and try more! The ladies working here are very friendly and fast.friendly staff, very good food, robust selection.  They really gave this neighborhood a great eathing option.  I go there a lot.  We also use them for catering.Come here for an awesome breakfast sandwich and great service. Came to this little spot with a friend for a quick breakfast but ended up staying a couple hours. The staff was super friendly and our coffee cups were never empty. I loved that we didn't feel rushed or that we were taking up a table for too long.Outstanding food, gourmet breakfast. Service is great and always with a smile. Just wish the place had more seating because it gets full fast.  A very nice expirience.Cafe is open for dining inside, always a line to get in. It had been a while since I've visit, but nothing has changed. Food and service is always excellent. Great gourmet dishes.Friendly and efficient service. I've only been there for breakfast but it's a great spot.9/2/16, first time visitor: Took my mom here for breakfast today and everything was good - pancakes, eggs, toast, coffee, ham, potatoes - all very good. My mom enjoyed her meal (French toast), also, especially liking the potatoes. 
Place was clean and the service was pleasant and efficient ... Needed the a.c. cranked up higher, though. Price was very fair considering the amount of food we received.   
All in all, a nice experience. I would return.