This place has great Ethiopian food and value for the prices! One dish would probably feed two hungry people.
The atmosphere could use an update but I gave it five stars because the owners are ridiculously friendly and offer authentically Ethiopian hospitality and eats.Second visit--even better than the first!
The chef/owner is so welcoming, and a fantastic cook. We had the vegetarian sampler and the Ye Doro Tibs. Every bit of the sampler was so full of flavor, and we couldn't stop eating the chicken. Other reviewers have said that it feels like you are having dinner in someone's home, and it truly does. There's a lot of choices for Ethiopian in W. Philly; but Meskerem is special!Five stars no doubt! The food is soooooo delicious! And the people are very nice and welcoming and the price is perfect as well! Definitely going back again and again:)
I ordered one of the fish dishes and my friend order a lamb dish and each comes with 2 sides! It was a lot of food and super yummy.This restaurant is a Mom&Pop dining, the wife is an excellent cook, the husband hosting us in a very friendly gesture. We had raw kitfo and doro tibbs, both are so delicious. Their honey wine is out of this world, it is spiced with ginger and other secret ingredients. Highly recommended  We will comeback to this place in the near future when we visit Philly againThis place is exceptional.  This was my 17 yo son's 1st time having Ethiopian food (chicken, greens and chick peas) and he loved it.  I had the vegetarian variety plate and it was fantastic: the food was fresh, tasted amazing, was cooked perfectly, and had a great variety of flavors and spiciness.  There was also more variety on the plate than any other Ethiopian restaurant I have ever eaten at.  Even better was the sweet, sweet woman who made the food - she clearly loves cooking and really cares that people enjoy her food.  Don't be thrown off by fact that at this point of time not a lot of people have reviewed this place yet - it is WELL worth the visit.  And the price is very inexpensive; IMO they could charge a lot more for that kind of quality food.  Worth the visit!Absolutely delicious Ethiopian. We ordered the dinner for four and enjoyed all of the four meats and four veggies provided. Some dishes were on the spicier side but were manageable. Not sure if it's officially byob or not but we brought two bottles of wine and the server was kind enough to bring us glasses and some ice to chill our drinks. Ordered an appetizer based on other reviews indicating food can be slow, but the pacing from appetizer to main course was just right and no hangry diners in sight at our table.Amazing Ethiopian food! We came in with our two sets of twins 5 and 7, an the staff was extremely accommodating and kind. Great service and the food was outstanding! We have eaten Ethiopian in a lot of places and was some of the best. It was extremely comfortable, like having dinner in a family home. Lovely experience! We will be back!By far some of the best ethiopean food I've had, and I've had a lot of ethiopean food. Service is fast and friendly and food is delicious.  My go to is the vegetarian combo but my friends who get the meat love it too.I had the Doro Tibs very spicy. The side dishes I chose were yellow split-pea, lentils, and salad. The platter of food was absolutely delicious. The lady who cooked the food and provided the service was so nice and helpful. I can tell she takes great pride in her cooking. I finished with a spot of Ethiopian coffee. Ethiopia is where coffee originated, and this cup hit the spot perfectly. Overall, a great experience, This little Ethiopian spot is a great addition to the neighborhood, not far from the Penn campus. I will be back!Fantastic Ethiopian food, relaxed no-frills atmosphere, kind and attentive waitstaff.  I totally love this place! The Combination Platter For 2 is perfect for sharing and a great way to sample multiple dishes. BYOB.Delicious food, cozy place and reasonable price. The chef herself came out and checked on us, thank you.For years I have gone to Dahlak, Gojjo, and Almaz Cafe. No more. Meskerem is the best Ethiopian food I've ever had. I strongly recommend the vegetarian platter.My friends and I shared a lovely evening at Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant tonight. The woman there not only hosted the space and took our order, but she also cooked the meal for us. We felt as if we were guests in her home. You could tell that the food was made with love - it was delicious and soul satisfying. We'll absolutely be back and recommend it to anyone looking for Ethiopian in Philadelphia!We came here for dinner with friends & enjoyed ourselves, mostly because it was a relaxing laid-back dining experience.
Food was okay for Philly, but mediocre in general. (I haven't had great Ethiopian food in Philly.) We ordered vegetarian combo, Tour of Ethiopia combo and bozena shiro. The combos are probably the best way to go. 
Veggie combo has an assortment of standard vegetarian dishes and salad & is a nice way to sample different dishes
Tour combo included Doro wat, another chicken dish that was yellow-ish, lamb, and some veggie sides. 
Bozena shiro had small bits of beef & was not as rich or flavourful as I'd like; the sauce was a bit too runny.
We also enjoyed the honey wine.
Service is friendly.
Restaurant has a nice, casual, chill vibe.I accidentally stumbled upon the old Watusi when I wanted a drink. Came in for a 30
Minute tour and ended up drinking, eating, and enjoying the flat screen tvs and awesome bartender,  PJ. Solid Ethiopian food from a lovely chef, the yemisir wot was heavenly! There were also these dope happy hour specials for 3 and 5 dollars. 
The renovations they made really changed the dynamic of the bar/restaurant. Looking forward to making this my go to.This quaint, family-owned restaurant tucked away in your local neighborhood serves authentic Ethiopian food that certainly HITS THE SPOT! The spices blend together so well. I enjoyed eating with my hands, and I dug in so hard and fast, the next thing I knew, I was in food coma. (A part of it was because I was already hungry from smelling the food wafting throughout the restaurant, and it took a bit for us to finally get our food) I love how sweet the couple who work there are. They're like your grandparents who love serving you food until you're bursting at your the seams! Even though the restaurant is kind of small and old, they do a great job of keeping it quaint. Even the bathroom was well kept- always smelling fresh. I would love to come back again!We absolutely LOVE this place! The food is delicious and Keb is the sweetest! We have an Ethiopian son who feels right at home here with this authentic food and kind people. The food is cooked from scratch when you order so it does take some time, but is well worth the wait!The food is good but it takes way too long. Today, I came in at 1 pm, and I was the ONLY patron; nevertheless, it took approximately 33 minutes for them to prepare 1 fish dish. I've now been here four times, and they take 30-45 minutes to prepare the food. There are other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly with the same quality of food and better service, so unless you're willing to wait long, avoid this place.Don't know if we ordered the wrong food, but the dishes were very mediocre and got cold and soggy really quickly. The host was sweet though.I travel quite extensively for work and ALWAYS on the look out for Ethiopian food. I can tell you that the food at Meskerem makes me want to relocate to Philly!
It is a hole in the wall but the chef and owner is so sweet and welcoming. I can't say enough good things about this place.
If you're in Philly- come here. Now. And if you're not in Philly, book a trip just to come eat at this little gem.This place has great Ethiopian food and a nice atmosphere.  You have the option of sitting at a traditional Ethiopian table (meaning short stools and a whicker table) or a Western table and chairs.  The Ethiopian tables are fun to sit at once, but the stools have no back support, so once the novelty wears off you might want to go back to the other tables.
The food is delicious!  It's good for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  There's also a good selection of beers (some of which are imported, such as from Ethiopia) and so on.  The service is average.  It's not great, but I wouldn't call it bad either.
The atmosphere is nice and calm, and you can usually expect to see the normal southwest Philly kind of folks hanging out here.This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in all of west philly! Kind, quick service and delicious injera.We were the only ones in here (besides locals in and out to say hello), and that's a crying shame . . . THIS is great Ethiopean!  If you haven't tried it, do yourself a favor and do so.  This is the type of place that you wonder why it isn't chock full of patrons - because it should be! :)Chill, friendly, laidback. Super tasty food, more varieties included in the vegetarian combo than most other places around here, at a better price too! Don't be in a rush, just enjoy the family atmosphere. Nice music too!Huge portions. Very generous with sides along with injera. I had the veggie platter. I liked it. My only concern was that each side did taste similar. The cook, was very pleasant. I would come back and try a meat dish. And hopefully change my review. I did love the vibe of this restaurant. Very welcoming!!Meskerem has the absolute sweetest owners ever! Very reasonable prices and there is usually no wait to get a table. I've tried 5+ Ethiopian restaurants and this is by far the best. Also great vegetarian options + right off of Penn's campus!I had dinner with my girlfriend on our first day in our short trip to Philadelphia . The place was really nice and modest . They had Jazz and ethiopian music in the background . The waiteress was a young lady very nice and friendly and the food was amazing . We had a 2 persone dinner with a combination of different kind of meats and salads , it was very good i totaly recomand it . The price was perfect for us because we are budget travelers but in the same time we want to experience local and international food .Very delicious! Generous portions, warm service and a variety of flavors. We got a vegetarian combo with a side of shiro after a long workday. Highly recommend giving Meskerem a try!First time having Ethiopian food and it was delicious! I was surprised at how much food you got for the price, one meal could easily be two and only cost 10 dollars. The owner is kind and patient- even when my 2 year old spilled water and knocked down their partition. 5 stars for food quality and quantity, and for fantastic customer service. I will be back.If you're checking out all the Ethiopian restaurants  in west Philly don't skip Meskrem! Very nice woman-run business and kitchen with delicious food!!! Everything my heart desires!!Ive been in philly for a long time and hands down the food was great. Customer service was very pleasing. I will definitely come back, if im in the mood for Ethiopian food thats my spot.Great!  Literally a one-woman show, like being cooked for and served by your Ethiopian grandma.Had a delicious family meal at Meskerem this weekend.  The vegetarian selection was more varied and tasty than any I've had here in Philly.  The kind woman who brought us our food (and prepared it) could not have been more welcoming.    Although I'm not a big fan of TVs in the dining area, otherwise the experience was fantastic.  We'll be back!I've visited about 5 of the Ethiopian restaurants in this area - this place is by far the tastiest. The potato salad is a+, and all the fish is just so so good. The owners are also some of the nicest people you will ever meet. 
After a good time in small company here, I came back with a group of around 40 people. I have never met anyone more accommodating than the owners of this restaurant. And everyone thought everything was delicious. 
In all, I strongly recommend this placeThis is a great little neighborhood restaurant. I like to go here whenever I'm in town. Good for vegetarians and carnivores alike, the menu features an array of salads and pureed chick peas, lentils, beats, potatoes and other tasty vegetables.You walk in and it's small, quiet, quaint. The owners, a cute ethiopian couple, walk out to greet you. You wonder... "Will I like the food?" The server explains items on the menu very patiently. You order... and then the smells begin to fill your nostrils. The food is coming. The first bite is amazing, flavorful, well-seasoned. Nothing bland or ordinary. The injera is served warm and has an amazing flavor, itself. There's an acidity reminiscent of lemon.We've tried another spot in the area and were underwhelmed but THIS place is the truth. If you want good Ethiopian cuisine, come here. You will not be disappointed at all.Omg my mouth is on  and I'm loving it. Excellent kitfo done rare. Spices are delicious. Very nice portions. I'll be back.a review in a haiku: 
"I had to Google / everything on the menu / but it was yummy!" 
Disclaimer: I've never had Ethiopian food (which is why I googled things) but the server was patient, kind, and offered great recommendations. My little party got a Tour of Ethiopia (where we picked three additional veggies) and a veggie combo for my herbivore self, all of them packed with bold flavors and deliciousness. I personally would like the great coffee in an IV drip to fuel my slothlike mornings. 
overall I would recommend if you'd like to try something new!Incredible food! Ordered the vegetarian combo, which came with more than enough food (was several bites shy of finishing it!) for a great price. It also came with a couple of pieces of injera, so the proportion of bread to veggies was perfect. If I had to pick, the lentils and collard greens were the stars of the dish. This place is definitely a top favorite for me.Adorable place with amazing (!!!!) food. Went there on a Tuesday night and were seated immediately, the waiter was very kind and attentive. Seems like a family run business, and we love to support those!!! Definitely recommendMy mother and I came in for a late lunch recently and the food was absolutely amazing. It came out very fast and there were seven different dishes on the vegetarian sampler platter which was nice because we got to try a little bit of everything. I also got the vegetarian samosas and they were crispy and delicious.The place is very bright. For a dinner a bit too stark. 
It serves traditional Honey Wine and no other alcohol.
The food was well spiced and flavorful, the presentation was haphazard and the overall feeling was that I was eating warmed-up leftovers.
I really LOVE this type of cuisine​ so I am going to keep on trying more places.I've been here a few times and decided it's finally time to get the word out there about this place. It's a small, homestyle restaurant that serves the best Ethiopian in the area. I've been to many of the others and have found this is my favorite. The service is about as friendly and genuine as you can get. Can't wait to go back!Would highly highly recommend this place. It's such a small little gem that you could easily walk past without even realizing there's a storefront. The food is really incredible. I think the move is to do the combination shared platters - it's a great way to try all different options. I for one, had never had Ethiopian food before and can't really speak to Meskerem's authenticity, but the flavors were incredible. I did a combination for 4 platter and was pleasantly surprised by the portioning, price, and flavor of all the different foods on the platter. I kind of thought all the foods on the platter would merge flavors and get a little overwhelming, but they all pair with each other really well. Would 100% go back again.Delicious homemade food. Great spices and meat cooked to perfection. It's a mom and pop food extravaganza.Best Ethiopian food I've had in philly. I always get the vegetarian platter and it's always incredible. I have dreams about it! The family who owns it are so kind and you can tell they put a lot of love into their food :) always leave there feeling so good!Omg my mouth is on  (Fire)and I'm loving it. Excellent kitfo done rare. Spices are delicious. Very nice portions. I'll be back.Great flavors, great prices, friendly staff. Nothing fancy here, just healthy filling food that warms your soul without emptying your pockets! Their spice level was perfect for me. I had the vegetarian combo and the sabossa appetizer. Can't wait to go back again!Great flavors, great prices, friendly staff. Nothing fancy here, just healthy filling food that warms your soul without emptying your pockets! Their spice level was perfect for me. I had the vegetarian combo and the sabossa appetizer. Can't wait go back again!Went to this place a while back with a friend. I had been searching for an Ethiopian place since moving here from the DC metro area. After doing a bit of searching on Yelp, I decided to try it.
We ended up going on a Saturday afternoon in mid November. When we got there, we were the only people in the restaurant and it was pretty chilly inside. Part of that was because the space is pretty small, so any time someone opened the door, cold air rushed in and filled the space. However, I'm not even sure the heat was even on. It was so cold, we ended up leaving our jackets on the entire time. 
The service was fine. We were greeted once we walked in and our orders were taken shortly after we sat down. As for the food, it was nothing to write home about. We the had the Combination for Two, which included dohro wet, kitfo ground beef, and wet lamb. Of the three dishes, my favorite was probably the ground beef. They provide plenty of injera to scoop the meat and sides. Overall the meal was good, but I was a bit let down. The glowing reviews I had read for this place had gotten me really excited and my experience didn't really match them. I've had better at several other places in DC. There are a few other Ethiopian places nearby that I'm looking to check out in the near future. And I may come back to Meskerem just to see if I have a different experience the next time.We had a wonderful vegetable combo platter for two. Each side was perfectly spiced. The service is so friendly. Can't wait to come back!Very relaxed casual environment. Tasty food! Got the tour of Ethiopia to try a bit of everything- very tasty and fresh tasting. My only issue was the entrees could have been hotter but maybe that's not customary? In any event, the flavors were very good and our waitress was super friendly , kind, and patient explaining what everything was to us!
Thanks for a great eveningVery disappointing.  The beef was so overcooked it was like chewing 3/4 inch rope.  Our other dishes were ok but the sides portions were extremely smallThis is a no frills place. Just good food and friendly staff.
Please be warned that it was quite a wait for the food - not to get in. We got the sampler for 2 and it took ~35 minutes to come out.
The wait was worth it! The spicy chicken and land in that dish was insanely tastyCame here for dinner a couple of Saturdays ago when the bf and I were in town visiting his friends. We went in at around 6:00PM, and by the time we had finished our meal, the place was basically packed, so I'd recommend coming by here earlier in the evening if you want to beat the dinnertime rush.
The menu had most of your standard Ethiopian offerings. I opted for their vegetarian combo, while the bf got the yebeg alicha kikel, and our friends shared a combo for 2. Service was a bit on the slower side, but it seemed like there was only one woman taking orders and actually preparing the orders. We weren't in a rush, so we didn't care too much either. 
When our food did come, we promptly tore into our respective meals. I liked their various lentil dishes, and the injera was also pretty good. Everybody else also liked their dishes, so all in all, it was a good meal, and everything was way cheaper than what I am used to paying for Ethiopian food in NYC. Overall, we had a good experience and I'd recommend this place for people looking for Ethiopian food in this party of Philly.Amazing! I live in in New York half the time, and have eaten at some of the best restos like Ghenet (Brooklyn) and this place can hold its own! Well spiced for sure, the Misir wat, shiro wat, and gomen were delicious!
Well worth the 20 min walk over from my West Philly home! We'll be back with friends for sure!I loved this place and the food here so much! It's so delicious and different (even compared to other Ethiopian restaurants). The taste is just so fresh. Get the big family style platters if you are in a group (they make a vegetarian one if you ask). Each platter serves 4-5 people and eating off of one shared plate is such a fun experience. Also, coming to this place feels like you're sitting inside someone's house. The servers were so welcoming and kind!! A gem in West Philly!This small, unassuming little restaurant more than makes up for its sparse decoration with flavor! I came here for dinner with a friend and we ordered the combo for 3 people (I know, we were hungry). This was my first time trying Ethiopian cuisine. All of our food came out on one huge platter for sharing, which is a fun way to bond over a meal. Each of the various dishes were unique and flavorful, though our tibs was a little tough. My favorites included a lamb curry and the chickpea dish (Shuro Wat I think?). Service here is slow, but it's just run by a cute old couple. Always happy to support small family businesses!It is a Gem of a restaurant. Lovely people and amazing food. The couple loves to innovate and puts effort in cooking delicious Ethiopian food. There is another Ethiopian place nearby called Absynn.. something which is a shithole. Dont mistake it for that.
Very clean, tasteful dishes and good portions at great prices.Very nice people. Kitfo is my favorite Ethiopian dish, and here the spicing is very good...but the beef was chilled as if right out of the refrigerator, not raw at room temperature the way it is supposed to be. The effect changes from something unctuous to a sensation of eating raw hamburger. 
On my second visit I asked for the beef to be at usual temperature, and they agreed, but then brought it out just as cold as the first time. 
I prefer Abyssinia, but again, nice people here and some good cooking...aside from the kitfo.Fantastic food and service. I got the vegetarian combo and it was the best! For $10, it's the perfect snack to share with a friend or to have as a meal on your own.Went here last night with my girlfriend and another couple.  I thought the food was great.  This is the 4th Ethiopian restaurant I've been to.  2 in DC, 2 in Philly.  I would rate this as the second best only to Dukem in DC.  The amount of food you get is generous.  We ordered the meal for 4 and Awaze beef tips, we ended up taking 1/2 of the meal home.  It was so good!  The staff was helpful and explained what everything was (it's not always clear to me).  This is not a fast paced restaurant though.  It takes time to even get the check.  I would come here again for sure!We love this restaurant. It is our go-to spot for Ethiopian food. The food is ALWAYS amazing. I get the vegetarian combo and the portions are large, and it is always delicious. My boyfriend usually gets some sort of meat dish, and he loves it too. We practically lick our plates clean at the end of each meal. If you're in the area, give this place a try. 
The woman who makes the food is truly very talented, and she is very kind as well. She always checks up to make sure everything tastes good (it does!) and she is friendly. 
This is a wonderful restaurant. Eat here and you won't be disappointed.We love it here!!! After having been to the place next store several times with average experiences, my sister and I decided to go across the street this time. The ambiance was a little strange - loud music bar type situation - but the food was AMAZING and the wonderful lovely lady who cooked our food and served us was the highlight.  We will be back soon!There is some really bad Ethiopian food in Philly but this place is the exception! Really yummy. It feels like going to your friends house and having her mum cook for you. Also they serve alcohol if that's what you're looking for.I travel quite extensively for work and ALWAYS on the look out for Ethiopian food. I can tell you that the food at Meskerem makes me want to relocate to Philly!
It is a hole in the wall but the chef and owner is so sweet and welcoming. I can't say enough good things about this place.
If you're in Philly- come here. Now. And if you're not in Philly, book a trip just to come eat at this little gem.
PS- cash only!Awesome food and the service is fabulous! Definitely will go again! The place is clean and BYOB as well.. so take your booze and enjoy the good food.Once again, I had my usual order of spicy beef tibs (it's spelled and pronounced tibs!) and a vegetable combination, combined on one large platter, at Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant, on 45th Street between Locust and Walnut Streets in West Philly. I always buy a Big Platter and eat about 1/3 of it, then doggy-bag the rest for 2-3 more meals! The owner and cook at Meskerem is a fabulous 50-something lady named Kebe (Ke-bay). She truly makes some of the best Ethiopian food I've ever had, not just in Philly, but from all over the world (I estimate that I've eaten Ethiopian cuisine in at least 20 countries and 45 cities!). The restaurant itself is very comfortable and homey, with soft yellow walls and cute, bright yellow fake flowers at every table. I truly hope that Kebe lives forever and that her fabulous little restaurant does likewise!One of my favorite places for Ethiopian food. The staff are super friendly and the food is out of this world. If you haven't tried Ethiopian food before, the spices are similar to Indian food. I would highly recommend Meskerem if you're looking for a new experience.Came here for dinner on a weeknight and we were a party of 8. The restaurant  is clean, small, and cozy. We ordered family style dishes to share and it took about an hour to come out which is long, however, this is a family owned business and the food came out super fresh. It's definitely worth the wait. It's also BYOB so don't forget the wine!Excellent food and excellent service. The prices are great too. Definitely the best Ethiopian food I've had in Philadelphia.Best Ethiopian in the city and that is saying a lot considering all the great Ethiopian in West Philly. Run by two lovely grandparents this is a must.I was hungry for Ethiopian food and decided to try a place I have never been before ( Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant) and am I ever glad i did. The dining room had paintings and artwork from Ethiopia, they play traditional music in dining room and the food\coffee fantastic! First, The food. I eat a mostly vegetarian diet and opted for the Vegetarian combo. This gives you a trur taste of their dishes. It comes with the yummy injera bread (pancake -sponge like bread) that you use to scoop up your food. They serve their traditional meat and fish dishes as well as appetizers. Also, they serve traditional Ethiopian coffee and tea. It was delicious. The flavors very nice. A couple dishes a little spicey, but water washes that away. coffee was good but not ad strong ad i remember it. Perhaps, they make it an "Americano" and add a little water? Still had a nice taste to it. The prices are very reasonable.I will definitely come back and bring friends who like this cuisine or are daring t o try.We found this restaurant on Yelp and we were delighted by the food and the owner. She could not have been more welcoming and friendly. And the food blew us away. Very happy!Delicious.  Warm caring pleasant service.  Authentic and fresh, well seasoned, will accommodate for individual needs.This was my first Ethiopian food in Philadelphia, and it was excellent! I had the vegetarian combo - flavors were great and it was a fun variety of tastes and textures. My friend had a chicken dish with two veggie sides and also really liked it.  The portion sizes were good - my friend ended up taking some of her chicken and injera home for leftovers. The hostess/server was super kind - she explained everything to us and checked on us several times to make sure we were doing okay. I am excited to bring other friends back here!Give this place a try! I had the vegetarian combo(also a vegan dish) and was blown away. This dish features the classic sour dough bread and  inside has about 5 different foods or platters. This dish gives you a great feel for what they are capable od because of the diversity in what's inside. Everything inside was absolutely delicious, can not find one flaw if i try to. On top of the food beinf delicious the man who handed me my food was very kind and hospitable.I've eaten a lot of Ethiopian food. I think this is outstanding, although all I've had is the veggie combo, over and over. The injera is just right, the veg dishes are each perfection. My family loves and is always looking for the just-right yetimatim fitfit, and it's great here, almost as crazy-vinegary as we want it.just had especially good meal. very underrated place here in west philly. good price. good portions. healthy options.The Injira was cold, as was the room (freezing). They were out of a few things. The waitress wasn't familiar with the menu and couldn't describe the difference between dishes. I used to come to Ethio at this location, but had not been to this establishment. Same menu, but what a big difference.