Simple Tex-Mex with a fantastic bar.  The food is on par with any chain Tex-Mex restaurant in the nation.  Look to eat mainly appetizers with a margarita.  The dinner courses are excellent as well but I rarely eat them.  A great place to go for happy hour, group lunches/dinners, or any simple celebration.A lot of people seem to dislike this place and give it bad reviews but I see it as a great place.
Service, it was great. Our waiter was always on top of things. He recommended us some of his best drinks and eats and didn't steer us wrong. 
The atmosphere of the place was ok, but nothing memorable. We visited around 5pm but it was dead so nothing exciting was going on around us so it seemed kinda dull. The bar area looked great with TV's to watch sports and just hang out at. I'm sure on much busier time this is a great spot. 
Food wise it was good but not great. It was just your average Mexican style food but I've had better. 
For the price ($30 for 2 alcohol and food) it's a great place.I have actually been to the this and the Old City Mexi Post many, many times. This one is a far sight less tolerable than the other and my latest experience made me really want to comment on it.
For starters, crappy margs. I know everyone is picky about how their mixed drinks are made, but these margaritas are the worst in the city. If you can believe it, they're actually just bland.  Second, the food is all stereotype and frozen chicken. Blech. Then, there's the crowd. I am convinced that people only come to this location after stepping out of their office on the parkway with one goal in mind: get hammered before getting home to my husband/wife/baby.  I wouldn't be so bold as to assume this about the entire crowd if I hadn't heard it directly from so many mouths at 5:30pm in the dining room. And finally, the service. It's not good. End of story. 
It just really hurts my feelings that every time I swear that I will never set foot in another Mexican Post again, some very dear friend of mine has a going-away-happy-hour or some such nonsense there. UGH.It appears that the ONLY reason you should go to Mexican Post is for cheap happy hour drinks and outdoor seating after work.  I will admit, their House Margarita for $4.50 is tempting; however, I've had better.  
2 stars for a pretty groovy atmosphere.
Don't get anything to eat.  Unless you have another restaurant deliver it to you while there...  
Happy Hour, 5-7.  Plan wisely.this place is a joke. being from SoCal, i have had a tremendous range of mexican food, and this isn't even comparable to any of it. it's like a photocopy of a photocopy of a photocopy. 
we went at the tail end of happy hour, and ordered margaritas at the bar, which were watered down to within an inch of their boozy lives. there were stale chips that were mostly small crumbs (bottom of the huge bin in the kitchen perhaps?) and obviously jarred salsa brought to the table. we also ordered guacamole, which had a strange consistency that makes me think it likely had something in it as a filler. the queso dip was so thinned out with milk (or maybe water) that it was like soup, and had 3 sad chips floating in it. the quesadillas were greasy, soggy and tasted stale, again like they were pre-done. it was at this point that we said screw it, and went to R2L for a proper dinner, which was mediocre but at least had a view.
the bartender was ok, but there was a bouncer of some such who got all butt hurt when we tried to put two tables together. such a fragile ego, apparently we had to ask him first, and he reminded us of that, then said he would put them together for us, then stood there and did nothing. we finally asked another bouncer to put them together, and he said only for more than 6 people, even though we had taken all of the chairs from the table. hey the arbitrary and silly rules are like mexico- one point for mexican post! 
the crowd also bolted en masse when happy hour ended, which should be a signal to others that this place is of poor quality.
listen, it's not 60 years ago, when it was difficult to travel to mexico and no one knew of the food. there are actually a couple of places in philly that get closer to the real thing, like dos segundos, xochitl, las bugambilias and even el vez, which has very decent guac. the owners should be embarrassed, and the patrons should be offended that they are seen as mooks, too stupid to know any better. 
i wasn't expecting anything spectacular, or even great. but  this place shouldn't even pretend it's a restaurant- it's a shitty meetmarket bar, and should clear out all the tables and quit trying to fool people. 
if you are thinking of going there, or even worse, are there and reading this, you deserve better! leave and find somewhere else- almost anywhere will have better food and stronger drinks which will get you drunk with less volume.*sigh* this isn't Mexican food folks.  I pretty much have nothing good to say about this place.  Their unlimited chips and salsa is a plus, except i neither like their chips or their salsa.  Their salsa is probably from cans that they bought at the supermarket, and their chips aren't even fresh.  I like mine still warm (like at el vez).
The food is really sub par.  I guess the only thing decent i would say is that it's a large restaurant so it would be good for big groups, but that's about it.The dishes have that freshly-popped-out-of-the-can taste to them.  That's about all that seems fresh here.  I can almost picture some automaton in the back mindlessly squeezing predetermined portion sizes on each ordered place.  Well, at least the salsa that comes with the chips is not bad; nor are the chips.  The food I've tried was not particularly terrible, it just wasn't at all good.  It's about on par with Taco Bell.  However, the outdoor seating area is pretty nice and the drinks are reasonably priced.It's amazing, with reviews as bad as these, and food as bad as theirs is, that I've been there multiple times. But there just aren't that many places to eat near my office, if I want to meet someone for lunch. Ugh.We wouldn't go back. We can make that s**t at home . Sat inside, table had one regular chair and one soft foam bench. I hate not being able to lean back and  the bench seat  was so soft that it felt like my chin was on the table. No other tables inside as the were expecting a large group. Would have sat outside but it was 100 degrees in the shade.
Chips and salsa were ok. Margarita ok, beer ok.none were even what I would call good. Tequila poppers nothing special. Entrees ( burrito and enchilada) greasy and messy. No effort made in presentation.
Large group came - it was literally about 100 people, so forget talking to your companion. Even screaming went unheard.Brutal.
We finished our drinks outside in the heat. Waitress was ok,considering she had tables to look after both inside and out.
Keep looking for another place to eat, is my advice....Ew. Over priced, gross food, weakest margarita I've ever had, garish music wayyyy too loud. I only went there once, to meet up with a friend, and we both felt gross afterwards, and ever since all I hear is awful things from others with the same experience as us. Truly just not worth it. I am not sure how this place is still open.The two is for the food and the ambiance. I found their mojitos and beer specials decent. We shared three appetizers none of which were a) at all authentic (though I don't think any of expected them to be) and b) not all that glorious in their inauthenticity. 
A good place to have a beer or two and then go elsewhere. But you can have a better meal for a lot less money at a taqueria.The Mexican Post served mediocre tex-mex food. And the margarita and beer selection were just okay. As far as the service, seating at the bar was much better than being at a table.
This location also participated in Center City Sips, which I frequent. But this Sips spot is one I steered other away from since it was a watered down experience where they served all sips drinks in plastic cups....and not the red solo kind.It should rename itself DudeBro Post.  
There is nothing Mexican about this place except for the fact that it serves margaritas and nachos.  Everything else from the decor to the slammin' techno music to the waitresses in black stretch pants screams generic Center City bar.  
This is one of my least favorite places in the city.I read the reviews and prepared for the worst. They were right. This would have been better serve as a bar near a big state university. I was dirty and worn. Food was marginal at best. 
I ordered a beer in the seating area and got a plastic Heineken cup. Oh how nice. My friends ordered margaritas and same thing, plastic cups, wow, keep it classy
Salsa was pretty good, I wonder if that came from Sysco or Trader Joes
I made this mistake twice, never again.Each time I go to Mexican Post, I think, 'last time had to be a fluke, i love mexican food, I will love Mexican Post.' 
And each time I go to Mexican Post, it is bad. Really bad.
When the waitress finally realizes/cares you exist, and you've yelled your order over the loud, constant hum of the crowd at the bar, she sullenly walks away. When she finally reappears with your (cold) food, and you dig into it, all hope disapears.  If qdoba can make a tasty burrito in 17.8 seconds, you'd think Mexican Post could do it in the 45 minutes it takes to be plopped down in front of you.  You'd be wrong. 
And it's always nice when you find a filthy plate at the bottom of the stack. 
I finally gave up on you, Mexican Post. Some relationships just aren't worth salvaging.I had a gift certificate for this place and needed to use it. I went with my boyfriend and I am happy to say we are both happy with our experience. The atmosphere was comfortable and it was busy but not crowded which was nice. Our waiter was super awesome and very attentive. He checked on us without being overbearing and he offered refills. For the appetizer, we ordered the empanadas which where delicious. For our entrees we order the Fajitas and the Enchilada de Mole. Both were really delicious and tasty.
Overall, I like the place. Is it authentic? Not really. But the food was great and the service was even better. Unfortunately, it was raining so eating outside wasn't an option but I will be back to do so.Pretty terrible Mexican food -just because it's served in a tortilla does NOT make it a burrito.  Pleasant decor and outside drinking in a cool area is the only decent thing about this place.The bar and drinks are good. The outdoor seating is good. The food is not so good. It is very very bland. Think of TGIF if they were mexican. You can tell it was just frozen food. Its not horrible just not good either.This place is awful, but still seems to attract large crowds for happy hour.  The food is horrendous. The salsa taste like it comes straight out of a can. The margaritas taste like bottom shelf triple sec (even when you order the expensive top shelf pitcher).  We had the poor waitress have the bartender make us another pitcher and it was still awful.  This is Mexican food for college students. I've been here a few times to give it a try. I will not go back willingly to this place. This is not Mexican food by any means.I was pretty excited about coming to Mexican Post as there's not that many good Mexican offerings in the area, but unfortunately they fell a bit short. The dining area is a relatively nice size, and the bright lights at the bar do make the place a pleasant place to be. It may be a nice place for a large group or a party.
The food is average at best, though. The chips and dip don't stand out much. I had enchiladas de mole which were a little sub par. Perhaps I was expecting too much? 
Maybe I was spoiled by the Mexican options available to me in Los Angeles, and though I appreciate the convenience of Mexican Post, the food just falls short.I've been to this place a handful of times, and left very happy after all of them. I order the enchiladas del mar every time, and every time they are delicious. The service is always great and my I never feel like I overpaid. I'm not sure why there are also many negative reviews if this place. Is it the best, most authentic Mexican food? No. But you could do much worse. If you're hungry by suburban station and don't want to spend an arm and a leg, this place is worth checking out.There's nothing fancy about this restaurant.  The drinks are good and the food average.  Service was friendly and attentive.  I recently had the black bean soup and a salad with grilled chicken.  I can make a better salad at home.
This would be a good place to hang with coworkers for drinks and maybe some appetizers.  But as a regular sit-down for a meal restaurant, I think there are better choices.We used to love this place for business happy hours, but the last time we went we had a terrible experience. Our server was the worst- she took our order then disappeared. She came back after 20 minutes and said to just keep waiting because the bar was slow. We asked for extra napkins and she forgot- twice. It wasn't even a busy night! She wouldn't split our tab. Then at the end, we paid but the tip was already included and she came back and said- "You didn't want change, did you?" It was overall an awful experience and we are finding other places for our happy hours now!I ended up at MP because the reviews raved about the extensive outdoor seating.  Unfortunately, when we arrived none of the chairs were out or set up.  
We were there for margaritas and some apps.  The margaritas were below average in quality- very sweet.  For $26 a pitcher I'd prefer a little better quality.  The chips and salsa were also below average.  I imagine that their salsa comes from a jar- which could be okay because they're free, I guess.  This scared us away from ordering any apps.
Plus one star for unbelievably comfy seats and a very pleasant waiter.  But, there are WAY better places to go in PHL.Hmmm.  I'm wondering if I had a different experience because I was attending a party here.  
One of the professional associations I belong to held a get together here.  The apps and drinks were comped by the association (so I have no idea what the pricing was like).  We had an area to ourselves where appetizers were brought over non stop and a waiter stuck around to take our drink orders.
When it come to the food, it was yummy enough and the drinks were huge and potent!  
I had a fun time and thought it was a great hassle free party experience.Will have to try out more offerings but for the most part the food is solid, nothing to be over-jubilant about but definitely solid. Price seems a bit steep for OK Mexican food however.
Margaritas are delicious and there's no shortage of various flavors to choose from, raspberry, strawberry, pomegranate, etc.
Service feels like it should be a bit more attentive.I had a larger-than-expected margarita, which was fabulous, and was later pleasantly surprised by the low cost of our meal (several drinks, an app and two entrees). The food was delicious and service on target. Our waiter even went out of his way to check on ingredients in a sauce after I informed him about a food allergy. I hadn't thought to ask, since the sauce appeared to be OK, but he offered. Good thing too, since the sauce did contain the offending ingredient. If you're expecting authentic Mexican food, you might be disappointed, but this was pretty good for the American version. Also on the plus side, this MP does not have the cliche Mexican restaurant decor. It's contemporary, giving it a more upscale vibe.I've been perfectly happy going here. We work in the Comcast building at 17th & JFK, so it's a very short walk for lunch. The chimichangas are very popular with my coworkers and myself (with different varieties of meat for each of us), and it's a sizable plate of food.
About once a month we manage a restaurant dot com gift certificate to help out, but it's not terribly expensive anyway. 
Chips and salsa are free and plentiful, wait staff have been extremely attentive at lunchtime and tend to bring more chips, salsa, and drinks before we need them. They've been friendly, bantering with us, and helpful, making suggestions and answering questions.
Definitely a positive lunch experience. Maybe I'll go back today...Last night was the second time I ate dinner at The Mexican Post on Cherry St.  And, although as for as I can tell it is not authentic Mexican food, it is reasonably good food, at a moderate price.
I would not sit inside, as the decor and music leave something to be desired, but the outside seating is spacious and comfortable.  Basically I see it as a Spring/Autumn fallback restaurant for when you and yours are trying to find a place with a decent selection and not spend too much money.
I had the chicken wings, and since I cannot handle ANY heat/spice, I had them dry.  They were edible, but not particularly good.  My beef and bean burrito, however, which was from the al a cart section, was ample and tasty.  My dinner companion had a vegetarian burrito which she found good, but a bit bland.  The guacamole had a nice flavor, but was too spicy for me to eat more than a taste.
The service was friendly and quick, which qualifies as great service in my book.
One caveat, I was there at about 9:45pm and it was relatively empty.
Overall, I say it's an average place, which is sometimes exactly what I'm looking for.1 star only because they force you to select stars on here.  I've been here 3 times. The first time I thought hmm everyone has an off day maybe I was just moody, the second time I was welcomed with the same rudeness and poorly made dish! I was done but a friend had a birthday gathering here so I went, keep in mind this is a year later. We all received such bad service and the food was horrible. The night went a little like this:
1. We got there no one asked if they could seat us despite the fact that they were all standing around and it was pretty slow. (my friend had called 3 days ahead a time to book it and called that day but that didn't seem to matter)
2. We tried to order drinks. Every drink we asked for they could not make or were out of including something as basic as coors light. A friend asked for a virgin Pina Colada (non drinker) they said they could not make any frozen drinks until 7pm due to busy service at the bar their policy was that frozen drinks began at 7. We looked around and said but there's no one at the bar the guy said well YOU can go over and ask but he's not going to make it. I go over and the bartender says nope can't do it till 7pm. I say well can you make me a mojito he says oh sure but I don't have any mint leafs...WTH I had to settle for some corny drink he called his special. 
3. They were "out" of certain things on the menu??????
4. Our waiter was rude and barely came to the table, when we asked what was the hold up with our food (nearly an hour later) he said I'm not sure and did not offer to go check, keep in mind the place is dead so we couldn't understand what the hold up was. 
5. When 7pm rolled around the birthday girl said I want a beer but I also want a mango daiquiri, the waiter says ummmm OK THAT'S WEIRD BUT OK....I was done at that point. 
NEVER EVER AGAIN! 
The food was bad so I ended up getting pizza afterwards! 
Do yourself a favor and go to the Mexican Post on 2nd & Chestnut!Ok, not the best mexican food I've ever had. Pretentious decor, considering the fare, but I enjoyed the bathrooms, and really that's what I base my review on anyway. 
The stars are for cheap beer (2.50 bud lights all the time) and good service, but that may be because no one was there. Scott, our waiter, was v. friendly and attentive though - after taking our drink orders he came back to tell us that the happy hour specials were still in effect to see if anyone else wanted something, which I appreciated. The food came out super quick and was pretty uninteresting, but filling. The price was exorbitant for what it was worth, but che sera sera.
I'm lukewarm.Pass - there are much better mexican in the city.
It's a popular place for the young professionals (YPs) and some work get-togethers.  Honestly it works for those outtings. 
Once you order food, Mexican Post doesn't hold up in a city full of great establishments.  My last few orders there came out dry and bland... having to take a drink of water just to get it down.Nothing Mexican about it. I went there late at night just because I did not want to walk too far from where I was staying and I was in the mood for some mexican food. The place looks like a very good place from the outside but inside is ordinary sitting arrangement. The sofa on near the wall is not appropriate height for the table. I ordered Jablano peppers and my girlfriend ordered cheese enchilada, none of them were good. Enchilada were served with some sort of mole sauce which is okay but they actually did not have Enchilada sauce at all. My peppers were not stuffed properly and overall tasteless food. I enjoyed the chips and salsa very much. Overall very bad experience. I will never go there again.I went here once.  Once was enough.  Don't come here unless you're on a business meeting with a corporate card, or you are a generic person with little adventurous spirit in terms of eating.
Of course we all know it's not "Mexican" food.  It's just food -- your typical whitewashed, Americanized, corporate rendition of "Mexican" food.  Therefore, expect to pay more than you should for the meal you receive... and do not expect any epiphanies of the palate.  The drinks are also really nothing to write home about, and they are expensive enough when off special.
At least the interior design isn't bad.  It's fairly open and bright in the daytime.  Also, I can't imagine you'd have much trouble getting a table either -- judging by the sheer lack of diners at happy hour during my visit.
I would suggest this restaurant to the type of person that visits a new city for the first time and chooses to go to Applebee's.  Mexican Post might be a safe deviation if they were craving "Mexican" food.I don't understand why this place got such low ratings and El Rey is so much higher. Really guys?
I like this place a lot. Again, I will make my comment about being biased since I am Mexican. This place is not that bad...
I was at this location today for Center City Sips. The food was good and the drinks weren't that bad.
2 margaritas, 3 Dos Equis, 2 orders of empanadas (chicken, with a really tasty chipotle dipping sauce, 4 empanadas total) 1 order of ceviche. all = $24.
I was more than impressed when I saw the bill, i assumed i wasn't charged for something, nope... it was right. 
the crowd is obnoxious and its annoying when everybody is just scavenging for chairs, can't mexican post afford some more chairs or just not seat people outside if theres no more room. Seriously. My boyfriend went to the bathroom and it wasnt even 2 minutes before someone came asking for the chair.
overall, i like this place.This post has been edited to reflect my true experience at Mexican Post. I did not eat or drink here.  But I did use their bathrooms. 
I went in to use the bathroom. Their front door was a wind tunnel.  I actually had trouble opening the front door. I know this sounds minor, but it's embarrassing when you can't open a door.
But what really bothered me was their bathrooms.  While generally clean, and decently lit, they had one major flaw.  The soap dispensers only jut out about an inch from the wall.  This means the plaster wall gets wet and soapy every time a lady gets some soap.  This means that I tried to get some soap but instead had my hand start to go through a soapy, wet, moldy wall.  Pretty gross.
I can't say anything about the food, service, or management.  However, the bathroom certainly left something to be desired.I actually think Taco Bell would have been step up from the food I ate at Mexican post.  I had chicken and beef tacos and a chile relano.  The meat tasted like dog food.  The chile relano was a mass of soggy partially fried batter.  Maybe an acceptable place to drink (I didn't), but avoid the food at all costs.Meh.xican Post.
Meh.
Bleh.
Blech?
I love the peom the lady wrote.  The service and noise level are just awful.  And yes, this is gringo-philly-mex.  How I miss my Gordo Tacqueria in CA.  In philly I like Xochitl or Tequilas (both are pricey and haute-mex - not taco joints.)
When, oh WHEN will we get a good taqueria in Center City?  And, no, Qdoba does not count.I've been popping into this place for the Euro 2008 specials they've got going on in the afternoons this month.   It's on my way home and it's a change of scene from hanging out with the paddys at Tir Na Nog.  
Their margaritas are a bit overpriced for what you get and your experience can vary hugely depending on who is serving you and what kind of mood you're in.Came here with some friends for dinner & drinks, and we had a really enjoyable experience. The place was clean, great decor, great service and loved the atmosphere. My margarita was huge and really good; I ordered the Peach Margarita because it was on special, and it was just the perfect hint of peach without being overwhelming. All of us had a great experience with our food. I had the fajitas, but I heard everyone else's tacos and food were delicious as well. I will be returning when I am in town! I don't understand the bad reviews for this place.WoW! Its been a long hiatus from Yelp and I decided I would dip back into the fray with a easy review on a sub par restaurant. How many people do you think you should have working a restaurant, bar, and outside smokers paradise on a Friday afternoon in Philadelphia? If you are Mexican Post your response would be, "As least as possible so that we can make sure that no one comes back here". How can I possibly rate a place I left after being there 40 minutes and only being able to order one beer? Oh Yeah, I just did.It's been a couple years since I was here, but it seemed fine. I don't understand why so many negative reviews. My own experience: Best mojitos ever. Seriously; among the best mojitos I have ever had. I liked it so much, I had to order a second one. I don't really remember the food part of the experience one way or another.I like it here, and am making plans to come back
good place for Happy Hour when hitting a few spots, not sure if I would go any other time....
a bit loud a few hours in, but cheap happy hour prices made it ok in my book.  Less mex and more taco bell, but a change of pace from many placesWay gross, that's all you really need to know. Take me to Chipotle immediately!A half step above the typical "Mexican food for white people" places, but misses the point in many key areas.  The fish tacos were heavily battered and very fishy.  Take a hint from California and use fresh grilled fish.  Carnitas tacos were overspiced, and I have a high tolerance for hot pepper. And they only do a single tortilla on those.  Go to any respectable tacqueria, and every taco is double tortilla'd. The biggest offense by far was using sour mix for the margaritas (what is this, Auschwitz?) Make half an effort and get some limes, it makes margaritas actually taste like margaritas.
Pros: salsa was good. Wait staff was friendly and attentive.With my second visit....
minus 2 stars from my original review for the veggie burrito: zucchini, summer squash and mushrooms wrapped in a tortilla? how is that a burrito? did you guys run out of peppers and onions and beans?
plus a star for a waiter I would have done dirty things to.Don't eat here. 
We sat ourselves as no-one was outside to greet us. The waiter should never be a waiter. I know that by just talking to him for 5 mins, he does not have the 'service industry' thick skin or demeanor to be a waiter. 
Also, if you are thirsty I might not suggest coming here with 'something in mind' to drink.  When we sat, my friend wanted a mimosa...so she asked the waiter (here's the conversation)
Her: "May I have a mimosa?"
waiter:  "I'm not sure if we have champagne?????"  (questioning look on his face, finger to chin, things that make you go hmmmmmmmmmm)
Her: "Well I surely don't know as I don't work here....."
ME: laughing my ass off
She landed up getting a sangria.
Sauce on the food was ga-ross. Not sure what's in it but it ruins a burrito and the enchiladas, we both hated it (two snaps in a Z formation). 
Very unimpressive, best thing going for it was the outside seating.This is where Mexican food goes to die. Dirty, bad service, the food is disgusting, and drinks are the worst. The drinks are like pure corn syrup. Nasty, nasty.
Yet, somehow I always end up here. Maybe because you can always get a table.I had lunch here yesterday.  I agree this is not authentic Mexican by far and not phenomenal overall.   However, the atmosphere of the restaurant was quite warm and the place was hopping for a 1 PM lunch.  And, the food was decent.  I had the taco salad with chicken, which was pretty good. The chicken was marinated so it was just about the perfect amount of juicy.  The taco bowl was browned just right.  And, the rest of the salad was good.  If I was in the area and hungry, I might swing by here again.  However, I wouldn't go out of my way for it...Had lunch here last month (August) while visiting Philly. We were on our way to the Franklin Institute and decided to grab a quick lunch since we had skipped breakfast.
While visually nice inside the music, as mentioned by others reviewing this establishment, did leave a lot to be desired. Especially at lunch time. 
I really enjoyed the salsa they provided with the chips while we waited for the entree to arrive. One thing I've noticed about Mexican restaurants up north is they only give you salsa with your chips, no white sauce like they do further down south.
Both of us had meal that consisted of 3 beef taco's for lunch. It was ok, but I've had better. There was something about the way the way the ground beef was prepared that I didn't like. Maybe it was the spices. However it filled the spot. 
All in all, not a bad experience but it wasn't great either. Next time I'm in town I'll be trying another Mexican restaurant.I like the layout and atmosphere of this place, but the food... well, I hate to keep saying it, but: meh.
The one thing that was really good was the homemade tortilla chips.  Completely addictive.  But the salsa... little more then pureed tomatoes and some hot sauce.  
I ordered a beef burrito, and I don't know what it's like in Mexico, but I've grown accustomed to interesting fillings like beans and rice and guacamole and all sort of other stuff tossed into my burrito.  This was little more then ground beef and taco sauce rolled up in a tortilla.  And yes, I understand that in a real Mexican burrito, meat or beans can be the only filling, but I hardly expected that at this place, with it's cartoony chain restaurant style sign and upscale interior.  I was just hoping for something more interesting.
The service was also pretty slow.  Not egregiously so, but slow enough for us to notice.
My advice, stick with the old city location.  It's not as nice looking, but the food is way better.I only went here once, and I didn't really enjoy my food at all. I ordered a chicken enchilada, and not to be crude, but it headed south way quicker than normal. This is because they try to cover up the lack of flavor and improper seasoning in their food with cheese, which just doesn't work and ends up in a disgusting pool of grease. Also, it was more expensive than it was worth. I doubt I'll ever go here again.The margaritas were okay, but I can't see paying $6.50 for them at any time beyond happy hour. The food was terrible--bland, overpriced, and generally something you'd only order if you were there for the drinks--this is certainly not a restaurant destination. Our server was pleasant and attentive, but beyond that, I'd probably not come back here again.I appreciated the efficient service at Mexican Post; our waitress was sweet and attentive.  The free app for checking in at Yelp was a great bonus.  And it was one of the least expensive meals I have eaten in the city, ..but there's little else positive to be said.  The food wasn't great.  The salsa was okay, just like something you can buy at a jar in the grocery story.  And the queso seemed to be velveeta and Rotel.  I appreciated all the vegetarian options on the menu, so maybe I just chose poorly, but I didn't really like the casa tacos; too salty.  My date's steak tacos were fine he said.  The draft beer list was lacking and my margarita was watery.  And we were seated at a booth near the back.  We liked the private area in the rather open warehouse-like back area of the restaurant, but the table was at least 6 inches too high.  There are a lot better mexican options in the city.The food here is terrible! I came here at 4pm. We had great service but the drinks were just okay. I ordered the Jalapeño Poppers (they're listed as Tequila Poppers on the appetizer menu). They were cheesy and really flavorless. I expected some spice from the jalapeño but they must have scraped all of the seeds out. They gave us complimentary chips and salsa but the salsa was barely flavored and the chips were cold.This place is good for one thing and one thing only...drinking outside.  I went here often to go with co-workers for a happy hour because the drinks are pretty reasonably priced ($2-3 for all beers).  Their nachos are good, but don't be expecting any kind of authentic tex-mex food.  This is a regular bar with regular bar food trying to pass itself off as authentic mexican.  It does get crowded after work, however, so do yourself a favor a try to get there as early as possible.  We always had to wait for a table, so expect the same.Like others, I don't have very much on the positive side to share.  
The staff was friendly, although they did seem to disappear once our meals arrived.
They were efficient for a Saturday night - Yes that means they were empty.
Their drinks were average - still for $30 a pitcher I would hope for more.
Unfortunately for this Mexican Post, what sealed the deal (on my one star rating) was discovering a bone in my South West Chicken Avocado Salad.  While it was a chicken bone, one does not expect bones in salads, does one?Oh Mexican Post how you failed me during my last visit.....
The first time I visited you, you were awesome. We were drinking on the patio. The drinks were awesome. The chips were flowing as if it was an afternoon summer rainstorm -- with salt and all.
I was excited to come back for the full experience.
I came here a few weeks later -- they were pretty busy as it was the end of Center City Sips.... The hostess told us it was going to be an hour wait -- acutally it was only 10 minutes. That was hilarious.  We ordered our food and I got confused -- was I at On the Border (the chain restaurant)? Or was I at a non-chain called Mexican Post? It was hard to tell.  I was not impressed with the food at all
Two stars for having solid happy hour on the patio during spring, summer, and fall.
Come for the chips and drinks kids -- and get here early.  Skip the food.Wow, I should have read the reviews before coming here. Def would not return.
I waned the flautas with pulled pork but they didn't have pulled pork and I was even trying to touch the ground beef. So instead I ordered the ropa vieja which I've had Several times and LOVED (@alma de cuba). 
It was literally as bad as you can get.
Rice was poorly cooked. The menu stated that the beef would be simmered with veggies..I did NOT see any veggies on my plate...just salty dry pulled beef. There was refried beans that didn't make the grade.
It was soo bad. I hardly even touched the plate.
Anyway, this place is cheap. But I beg you to save your money- add it up and go to Alma de cuba OR even El Vez.
Or go to taco bell...at least u only spend $3 and you sorta know what you are getting.A decent happy hour that has Mexican food. Go with a group for cheap drinks, eat elsewhere. It's cheap.Oh, you didn't know? They take the food scrapes from the busboy station and use it as filling for their enchiladas and burritos. 
O, wait- what did you say, they don't? That's even worse to hear. How does their food literally taste like GARBAGE then? I swear there was a beard hair in my food (I am telling myself it was a beard hair. It actually resembled something else but the thought of that makes me barf in my mouth a lot). 
I went to Mexican Post (Center City) with a party of 6. Throughout the day, it slowly hit us as we kept repeating how terrible our food was and how hard it was to keep it down but how dizzy we felt due to the toxins from the garbage that we ate that we felt like puking up. 
I don't understand it. I like the Old City Mexican Post...I can't believe that the one in Center City is still in business. I don't have the best cooking skills but I am pretty sure that I could take a dump on a hoagie roll and it would taste better then what I had at Mexican Post last weekend...and the service wasn't too good (sorry waitress lady).My comments about the food here prompted a friend to say, "Wow, you really like authentic Mexican, huh?" I was probably being overly critical of the salsa, the quesadillas and other such things (and do not consider myself an authority of authenticity). But the happy hour-priced margaritas and the flexibility of the servers with outdoor seating ("oh, our group is going to have 3 more people coming. no, just 2. wait, 3 again" are probably the best things about Mexican Post. You can leave without ever having to actually go inside the building. If you do, prepare to trip over closely-packed tables on the way to the restrooms.I feel an inner conflict brewing over Mexican Post. On one hand, I hate Gringo Mexican. It's bland, boring, bogus; just some meat thing with lettuce on top and gooey beans on the side. On the other hand, I LOVE GRINGO MEXICAN! Which I blame on a chain of bland-o Mexican restaurants back home.
So, the straight truth is: The food here sucks. The decor is nice, the outdoor seating is pleasant, but it's just not a very exciting place. However, it's boringness would make it an easy crowd pleaser if you have picky relatives in from out of town, or are entertaining Mormons (or maybe just those polygamist moms who are all over the news lately. Wouldn't you love to have lunch with them?! Seriously.)
What really sucks about the food sucking is that it's really expensive for mediocre food! I could easily spend 1/3 as much at one of the many taquerias about town and have a meal I could actually enjoy.
But, you know, if you're in the 'hood give it a try. I'm sure it's better that Tir Na Nog. Or Subway.We arrived late and weary on our road trip to Philly.  It was almost 10PM and we had a starving kid on our hands....Two wonderful guys on the street recommended this place but the walk seemed next to impossible on this cold and VERY windy night.  This weary woman needed a cocktail and Mexican Post was THE PERFECT place and atmosphere for me.  When we arrived, we missed the dinner crowd (Lucky for us!!!) because the restaurant was not busy, it was tranquil and the lighted bar was a welcome view from the street.  The chips and salsa was so good, the 5 year old couldn't keep his hands off the salsa, no matter that his lips were on fire, when he likes something that healthy, shove it in his face!!!  (Salsa is healthy right?)
My Sangria was a nice surprise, it had a very nice twist that I never figured out and I think I'd like to keep it that way.
The fish tacos were phenomenal, it was obviously fresh fish (I can tell the difference) and the sauce and fresco cheese was a great touch!
The beef tacos were also very good.
Our waitress was really, really nice, very attentive and I forgot to mention that as soon as we sat down, the kid was given a coloring placemat and crayons so that was a huge plus...(remember, it's 10PM at night)
I absolutely look forward to returning to Mexican Post on Cherry Street in Philly.I had higher hopes for this place! I LOVE Mexican food! I went there for happy hour last week with some friends. We didn't sit at the bar so we couldn't do happy hour food but we liked their drink specials. $4.50 for the biggest margarita of my life? I'm okay with that! It was pretty tasty too. I asked for extra salt, and I got my extra salt! It's so hard to get extra salt at other places. I always ask and it is never salty enough, but the bartender here got it right. The decor of this place is pretty: modern meets Mexico/Arizona. Our server was a sweetheart. Okay so here is the bad. The menu! And I don't mean the food on the menu but the physical menu itself. Oh man can we say cluster-uck? There was no central focal point! It was so hard for all 4 of us to order because the menu was so busy and not very organized that we could not focus! It was not pleasant to look at. The prices were not outstanding either. I have paid less for way better at other places. That being said the food was not that great. I had cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. That is my staple at Mexican places. It was pretty boring and not very flavorful. That made me sad because I had been craving my enchiladas for a very long time. I was pretty let down. Oh well, what can you do? Oh yeah, most likely not go back.Here's how to enjoy your time here:
* have some shots of pure Tequilla
* sit outside and enjoy the band
* order a nice salad without cheese and canned olives
* order fresh avocado 
* order fresh tortillas
Our beautiful server was very attentive and sweet.  I like their big open eating area inside and tiles.I have been here many times for work functions because of its location. Lunch, dinner, receptions- you name it. None of the food is what I would call "good" or "Mexican." It's like your mom decided it was taco night and picked up some stuff at Acme. The service is good to ok, depending on the day. The only reason this place endures is because it offers a convenient location, well stocked bar and has outdoor dining in the summer. Honestly, those are the only reasons whatsoever. Don't go here unless it's a last resort and you are tired of pizza. I warned you.Poor service, ok food. Waiters are aloof and lack customer service skills.HOLY AWFUL!
their gazpacho is terrible. its a campells tomato soup and a bloody mary  hybrid (with chopped celery) with way too much sodium. 
couldnt tell the difference between a burrito, soft taco, quesadilla, and wrap. it all looked like it was shoved in the oven after being generously doused in salt and what appeared to be cilatro with a very grassy taste. 
the margarita glass was also rubbed vigorously with salt and then mixed with a very neon yellow-y almost radioactive-like margarita mix.
unless you need to seriously up your blood pressure, or increase your salt intake because you just finished a triathlon, id say stay away.I actually came back for lunch on my own, and was not happy.  The restaurant smelled of cleaning products and flies were attacking my food.  I had a shrimp fajita which was ok.
Again, the Post may be good for drinks and apps, but you can do better elsewhere.My boyfriend had a craving for Mexican, and after reading all the terrible reviews on Yelp I told my boyfriend there was no way I was going to Mexican Post. (At least, not the Love Park location.) 
We went the next day. He dragged me, I swear, fellow Yelpers!
The inside was nicely decorated and pretty quiet despite it being the beginning of happy hour. The waitress was pleasant and attentive. Our food was delivered quickly. 
The food is not terrible, but not amazing. The salsa is decent. The salsa con queso leaves a little to be desired but wasn't inedible. My boyfriend enjoyed his combo, which consisted of a beef burrito, post tostada, and shredded beef taco. My steak fajitas were not bad. 
I wouldn't mind going back for a few drinks with friends.Went for happy hour this evening and would not go back. The margaritas were watered down - and my waiter spilled half of mine on his tray! I ordered the casa salad - the grilled vegetables were cold and the black bean and corn salsa was flavorless. It was also an extremely small salad not at all fitting for an entree. Considering the price I had assumed it would be a dinner salad. Also, I came because I had a coupon from the website for "$5 off of $15". When I tried to use it on my bill (went with a few friends but had asked for separate checks), the waiter said that the coupon could only be used if two entrees were ordered. The coupon didn't say that anywhere. Very displeased and would not recommend this place to a friend.Ok folks I hate to break it to you, but you're not going to find authentic Tex-Mex in Philadelphia.  It's not for the lack of effort, but the establishments here either can't find or choose not to use the right cheese to make the meal.  Now that's out of the way, I don't think the Mexican Post is that bad once you reset your expectations.  The atmosphere is rather pleasant, there is ample outdoor seating, and the service is average.  I usually order the taco and enchilada combo.  While it is not spicy and often slathered in some form of cheddar product, it beats Taco Bell or Qdoba.I enjoy this place. Is it better than other Mexican places I've reviewed? No, not that close. But I am always satisfied after a meal here, which is usually regularly once or twice a month. Cheese and/or chicken enchiladas in mole are pretty good. I really haven't had much else. The atmosphere is as one other reviewer said, "pretty groovy" and the outdoor seating is very nice and tables are spaced well apart from your neighbors. The service is pretty pleasant. I'm amazed at all the bad food reviews from alcoholic Yelpers who seem to go to Mexican restaurants just for drinking booze, and then negatively rip on the decent food. All that alcohol waters down your taste buds big time, so there's zero credibility in those reviews. Nothing about Mexican Post says to stay away, so I won't.Awful. Awful. Awful. I came here with co-workers for a Happy Hour event and we were beyond disappointed. We arrived at 5:50 and went over to our reserved area. We were the first ones to arrive. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas at 5:57 (still the only ones there). We received our margarita pitcher at 6:25. Are you kidding? The service was GOD AWFUL. The server felt it was necessary to serve the folks who came long after we'd arrived. She put the pitcher down and returned 10 minutes later with glasses. The margaritas were awful - pure sugary mix. Where was the tequila? We paid our bill and left, not finishing our drinks. On the way out, we passed someone who'd ordered tacos. The meat in the tacos was oily ground beef. EW. I won't be back.I was here for Sips and I have to say it was awful.  From the start before the mad rush of eager to get drunk college kids came in the bartender was rude.  When we asked him the special for sips he handed us a sticky special list on one of those picture frame type of holders on the bar and rolled his eyes and walked away from us. We had one round before the rush came in full force.  It was so crowded there was no where to go.  I was elbowed, pushed, and had a beer spilled down my back.  I am all about going out and having fun but if there would have been a fight it would have gotten ugly.  They need to stick to the fire code and not back people in like farm animals.  I also saw one of the servers bring out a someone's food order while picking his nose.Atmosphere is great for the price.  Food was enjoyable, but not fantastic.  Margaritas were extremely syrupy, and mediocre.  Mojito was basic.  We were told there wasn't any guacamole when we visited, which was just strange for a Mexican restaurant, but then it was served on top of one of our dishes.
Would visit again but only during Happy Hour.Don't make the mistake I made and choose to eat here. Coupon or not this place isn't worth it.  Bottled salsa. Stale chips. Dry microwaved flavorless chicken. Raw undercooked rice with no seasoning. Greasy hard tacos. Dry cheese enchiladas. Everything slathered in a ketchup sweet "salsa". Gross. It's no wonder my waiter didn't ask how I like my food.I'm not sure where all of these negative reviews are coming from... The restaurant we went to had very nice ambiance, great food, and pleasant servers.  Maybe I had reasonable expectations, but we will certainly be going back here again.No Me Gusta.  I used to live in Old City, so Mexican Post was a standy-by, until I realized, "Wait!  This is no good."  I am not a margarita aficionado, so I can't really comment more than I didn't like theirs.  Why are they served in little martini glasses anyway?
Their food was just ok.  To start their chips were always stale.  I had the stacked enchiladas which were pretty good, but the rest was...eeehh.   PS-Mexican's don't put lettuce in their burritos.
Peace Out.I'm actually not sure why this place has so many rave reviews.
We have been to the Mexican Post on Cherry St. and thought it was average but then tried the one on Chestnut the last time we were in Philadelphia and found that we liked it better. So, a couple weeks ago while in Philly we decided to go to Mexican Post (on Chestnut) again.
At first our server was quick and friendly. Our food came promptly and we were enjoying it.
However, from where I was sitting I had a very clear view of the kitchen (as there is no door). I could see employees sitting on a food prep counter--and then not even wiping it down when they got down to pour salsa or set down plates.
I could also see that there was a giant bin on tortilla chips sitting UNCOVERED directly on the FLOOR! This grossed me out a bit as all I could think of were things like, "what if someone dropped something in there as they walked by?" Then, I actually saw our waiter refill our chip bowl from this bin which made me hesitant about eating them. But the worst was watching an employee pour himself a bowl of salsa or cheese (I couldn't tell which) sit down on the food prep table and proceed to use the big tub of chips on the floor as his own personal chip basket. He wasn't washing his hands in between bites, he was simply grabbing a chip or two, dipping it, then reaching back in for more. These being the same chips customers are being served! Gross! (I should note, I did speak to someone from Mexican Post about this who said that the issue was being resolved and won't happen again).
We then had to wait at least 20 minutes to get our bill. Finally, I had to go ask the employees sitting and standing around in the kitchen doorway for the bill.
Despite the decent food and alright prices...Needless to say we are quite disappointed and will NOT be returning to this restaurant. Maybe it's better at happy hour or if you don't eat there.
On a side note, it is pretty loud in there--they have a jukebox that doesn't seem to have been updated since the early 90s so expect loud music by 1990's one-hit-wonder bands.Look, people, I don't see what the problem is here. Are you coming here looking for a 5-star authentic Mexican meal? It's just a hole in the wall Ameri-Mex joint that has average food and great margaritas and doesn't put a huge dent in your wallet.
What else do you want?
The whole point of a place like this is to do one thing really well, and let everything else fall into place. That's essentially what they do here. Their margaritas are cheap and tasty, and if you want something resembling Mexican-American food, you can get that too.
Is their food great? No. But it's not horrendous, either. It's decent enough that when you put it into your mouth you go, "yeah, that'll get the job done." And, honestly, that's all they are trying to do.
It's not like anything here is expensive, either. It's pretty much dirt cheap, so how can you argue with that? You can't. So shut the hell up and stop giving this place one star you overly picky bastards.I have been to Mexican Post about a dozen times for lunch over the past year or so. It's not my first choice when going out to lunch with co-workers, but it's one I'm willing to settle for.
The service isn't usually too quick for lunch, but it is friendly. As for the food, it is okay. Nothing to write home about, but nothing bad. Just mediocre. I was surprised at how bland the food tastes, given how flavorful Mexican food can be. I will say that the salsa they serve with the chips is quite tasty. The prices are also not bad, but I know a few places in Old City where I can get a better deal with better tasting food.
Really, this place exemplifies the "A-OK" three star rating. 
Word of warning: be VERY careful if you order a hot dish. They will warn you that the plate is hot, and you really should heed that warning. I accidentally grazed a dish once and gave myself quite a burn (and I just brushed against it, it wasn't even a deliberate touch). I think they sit the plates under the salamander broiler, because there's just no way the food itself is causing that much heat.A good place for happy hour and that's only if you're drinking margaritas which are good, hence the 2 stars.  The food however was truly awful.  It's worse than cafeteria food.  My vegetarian dish was lukewarm (not sizzling like it's supposed to be) and had some unidentifiable ingredients.  What a waste.  Good thing the drinks dulled my taste buds though.  Ugh, never again.I was all set to give Mexican Post in Old City 5 stars until my girlfriend reviewed her credit card statement and found that the bartender cheated her out of a $20 tip! Surely we'd given a generous amount but she uped the ante and rewarded herself with more, how dare she? The situation will shortly be rectified as my friend's going to be contacting the manager today. As for the food, I know it's served fresh and with pride as I've met the cook on a couple late night occasions after the kitchen closed but the reason for my visit is usually not at all for dining but for their superior mango margarita pitchers heavy on Patron Silver! At $45 for a patron margarita pitcher the price beats a handful of other bars/restaurants who also offer good margaritas. Nice place to stop in for some tequila but that's all I can speak for at this time!Ordinary, at best.  Although it's not made in an assembly line (not that I know of!), the food is comparable to Qdoba.  I like Qdoba, but if I'm going to sit down in a restaurant and order a $10 entree, I expect a little more.  The Chile Relleno was a little blah and very, very heavy.  The side of rice and beans was taco bell quality.  The margarita was weak.  Everything was just a little under par, including the service.Ehhh, this is the lesser of the two Mexican Post restaurants in the city. Its more convenient to my house which is why I end up at this one more often, but the one near LOVE park is TONS better. The menu is somehow completely different (lesser) and the decor and atmosphere are as well. This is an old bar, imagine Drinkers turned into a mexican restaurant. Food is still good, but I hate the open doorway into the kitchen/service area. I always end up going back but wish I just trekked up to Center City...Go here for the drinks and not the food.  I think there was something in my burrito that tasted oddly like spaghetti sauce.  Nonetheless, the margaritas were pretty choice.Seriously, Yelpers?  3 stars average?  My fiance and I went here for dinner last night and it was one of the worst meals I've had in Philadelphia.  I should say that I lived in San Diego for 5 years and spent a lot of time in Baja...I know Mexican food, but it's also like pizza to me - even when it's bad, it's still kind of good.  I should have known as soon as we walked in (during happy hour on a Friday night) that Mexican Post was pandering to the lowest common denominator.  Yeah, that sounds super snotty, but it was a Center City after work kind of crowd.  The alcohol seemed to be flowing and maybe that accounts for some of the good reviews here.  
I wanted carnitas, which was nowhere to be found on the menu.  Instead I ordered the nachos grande with chili con carne, figuring that was impossible to screw up.  It came out room temperature with not much beef, dry crusty beans, soggy chips, and greasy cheese.  The side of guacamole was about 2 tablespoons.  I convinced my fiance to order the enchiladas del mar since he wanted seafood.  I thought it was mediocre, but he hated it.  We waited about 10 minutes for a second round of beers.
I will definitely not go back and I'm angry because I should have known better.  With tax and tip, there's $50 down the drain.  What a disappoinment.  I've had better meals and better service at Taco Bell.Decent menu options, good happy hour specials and the service is fast. The food is pretty decent and and not to expensive. I would recommend any of the shredded pork burritos. 
There is also usually a pretty good crowd for Phillies games.I think the thing I like the most about Mexican Post is that they don't try to fool themselves or their customers into thinking that they're anything other than a slightly divey, decently priced restaurant (much like Jonathan G. has pointed out). If you want a burrito and some good margaritas, then this is the place to go. I like the Post because it's an oasis of non-pretense in Old City - don't come here to see and be seen. My biggest gripe is that just about every time I've been there the service has been painfully slow, but you might not mind that if you're in good company and aren't in a hurry. 
Don't fall down the stairs when you're heading to the bathroom (sadly, I have seen this happen on more than one occasion - especially after mucho margaritas!).Oh Hells No. I have to admit I have been here close to a dozen times if for no other reason than the bartender seems to always have an Iphone charger when I am intent on bar hopping with a completely dead phone. 
Tonight we stopped by a little bit before 11 p.m. after a solid afternoon/evening of drinking with a serious need of some cheezy Mexican carbi-ness *yes I think this should be  word. 
I ordered the Cuban Chix Tacos, which where listed under the "TACOS" heading only to be informed that these were not tacos but a  chicken platter all on it's own. What I got served were three hockey pucks of chix which were overdone and downright Nast-ay!
My husband ordered a combo platter, but as the waiter was putting it down he spilled my hub's entire margarita on top of his lap. They did go ahead and comp his meal (after asking) but it didn't quite make up for his soaking wet lap the rest of the night. And the food was pretty sub par to boot. 
I will stick to this place for margaritas in Old City when I am totes desperate (they were  28 bucks a pitcher for some fake fruit flavoring)  but otherwise will stay clear. You probably should too.This is a solid happy hour option in Old City.  I've been here several times and the margaritas are great and the happy hour special is one of the best between here and NYC!  The food is standard Mexican.  Tasty but not earth-shattering.  Hearty, filling and inexpensive, especially during happy hour.  It's my new mainstay in Philly.New to Philly, I went to the Mexican Post based on a glowing recommendation from someone showing me around town.
It was the biggest mistake in the brief history of my Philly food experience.  I should have know better as there were many signs of a mediocre meal from the clientele to the salsa that literally tasted like a jar variety with some added cilantro.
I could go on about the frozen ingredients and horrible chile relleno.  Instead, I will say that this is my first Yelp review despite having an account for over a year.  Yes - the food at the Mexican was so bad,  the experience so frustrating, that I was motivated to post a review warning potential visitors.
You've been warned - stay away from the Mexican Post.Came here to take nourishment after a long day of drinking, dancing in the streets, and viewing some pretty stunning pieces of artwork during first friday in Olde City. (Downtown LA has the best one I have ever been to, Philly people much more real though) Needless to say this place was wiggidy whack. What's up with your prices, if someone is going to serve for that  much the food either better be good or have generous portions, neither apply for this place. 
Margaritas were fine. Only semi-complement I can think of. The pork tamales made me have diarrhea today, if it was good I would be okay with frequenting the bathroom so much but when my food tastes like cardboard, and I get almost no meat on my plate then I'm gonna be upset crapping this crap out.I can safely say that after my experience at Mexican Post last night I will NEVER return. I ordered the veggie tamale without cheese, sour cream, or the chefs "special sauce"- the waiter repeated my order back to me, took my husbands order, and went into the kitchen. Our food came out rather quickly and incorrectly. My tamale was smothered in cheese, sauce, and sour cream so I sent it back. The waiter then came over and informed that my meal could not be prepared the way that I ordered it (which I know is a lie because I have had this before here), and asked me if I was allergic to cheese or something to which I replied "I don't eat any dairy food", he asked if I wanted to look over the menu again and said he would be back to retake my order. After 15 MINUTES of my husbands food getting cold I finally flagged down the waiter who informed me that he forgot about us and I ordered the veggie fajitas- no cheese or sour cream. I eventually got an apology from our waiter and was offered free fried ice cream- again I told him that I don't eat dairy. 
I will say that this was not my first bad experience here, the food is nothing exceptional and the service has almost always been sub par. The only reason that I have continued to go here is because I live a block away and it's cheap and convenient- but NEVER again. I will travel a few blocks north to Cantina Dos Segundos where the food rocks and the service is exceptional.I think this place is pretty gross.  I think everything comes out of a can, yet  it isn't priced that way.  And it smells kind of weird inside.  I was really disappointed, because I love Mexican food and this place is super convenient for me, but alas, I'll have to look elsewhere.  Frankly, Taco Hell would be better.why do people go here?
my friends convinced me to go here on memorial day to enjoy happy hour. it was a terrible experience.
the bartender did not only neglect to tell us that he was NOT giving us happy hour pricing at 4:30 pm because he was putting pitrone in our margs, but that he would charge 60 bucks for it.
when we questioned it, he gave us attitude, and demanded a tip.
AND THIS GUY WAS THE MGR!!!
ha.Sorry, folks, but I need to warn you about this place.  Maybe it has a great bar scene (though I saw no evidence of it when I was here), but it certainly doesn't make it as a restaurant, and we've tried it more than once over the years.  The extensive Mexican menu is too much for the kitchen, which produces food that is poor in quality, uneven in execution, and poorly seasoned.   Even the chips and salsa aren't worth it.  Fair warning.Decent service (not great, but decent).  Okay food (again, nothing to write home about).  Bad decor.  Overpriced considering the quality of the food.  I won't be back even though I live within blocks of this place.I've been 3 times for lunch and 2/3 times I was unimpressed. Americanzed Mexican. Chile relleno was ok but very soggy. Sauce was bland. Anything with ground beef was flavorless and greasy. Chicken fajitas were great. Chips, great, but salsa tastes like it comes from a jar. 
Far better options out there.I'm still on the hunt for the perfect fajita...  They were rather dry and bland here, but I did adore my chicken medallion dish with cream sauce.So disappointed with this restaurant. My boyfriend and I went in for dinner and it was terrible service from the moment we walked in. We told the waitress table for 2 and she grabbed two menus, walked away, placed them and the table and walked off without a word before we even got to the table! 
When we were trying to order the waitress looked opening annoyed when we ask about what drinks were on tap. After we ordered the food she only came back to put it on our table and never stopped by to check up on us even once. We wanted drinks and desert but she never returned to our table! I had to yell out that i wanted my check to her as she walked by our table. 
The food was not the best. I order the Cancun Chicken and it did not taste good to me at all. The chicken tasted a bit burnt and the honey mustard sauce was too sweet and didn't go with the flavors of the rice and chicken (my opinion). My boyfriend was starving and I just gave him all my chicken and I just ate the rice. He ordered the Enchilada Del Mar which was yummy. 
The restaurant was not even full, 3 tables had just finished and left when we got in so it wasn't too busy. The restaurant itself was disappointing, the tables were tiny and crowded, my plate was chipped and the music they played kept skipping which was kinda annoying. The portions are small and the prices are a bit too high for the quality of the food and service.Ordered 2 shredded beef enchiladas--these are a staple of Mexican food and should be spectacular so I thought. The came out looking pretty sad but I thought, well, it's all about the taste really so I dug in eagerly. My initial "meh.." reaction was the correct one. While they are not the worst I've ever had, for almost $7 I think that I could have done just as well (or better even) had I gone to Taco Bell.
I won't be going back.I enjoyed this place. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but everything I had was very tasty, and the menu selection is pretty good as well. If you get there at the right time, you'll have no trouble finding a seat - but it does seem to fill up quickly by 7 or 8pm. The service was fine...I'm not one to complain anyway, but I can't see where the negative reviews are coming from.  I did have to laugh when I saw one saying "This is a great place to eat before heading to Camden".   Lovely Scenic Camden?? LOL...I cant understand why someone already in the great city of Philadelphia would purposely go to the toilet of a town called Camden.  Well, that's another review for another time. Anyway, I won't rank this place as good as Johnny Manana's, but it's still pretty darn good!Haven't been here in over 5 years saw a groupon and thought it would be a good excuse to go back. Big mistake! Margaritas were a terrible pre-made mix with zero tequila (mad at myself for not sending back and at least getting a beer).  Service was non-existent. I asked what flavor margirtats they had and the waiters reply was "what do you want."After an awkward pause I replied "blood orange" and he said he never heard of it. Place was dead empty at 8 on a Saturday night ( it was a sign) and it took forever to get two drinks. Guacamole was bland and not fresh. Burrito was terrible... It was what you got in the cafeteria at college when they had Mexican night. Let me not forget to mention the filthy dirty bathrooms!!! And the dirty menus!! Overall poor service, bad drinks, cheap food and dirty  restaurant . Too many better GOOD Mexican choices in the city for me to ever go back here!Jalapeno Marg, best Margarita in the city!UGH the food at this restaurant was awful.  We ordered two dishes that had ground beef that seemed to be of VERY LOW GRADE and simply put, resembled dog food.  It was watery and I really couldn't even distinguish the bits of meat in the burrito.  The sides (rice and refried beans) were edible at best and I would guess were straight from a can.  
I was also suspicious of how quickly our food came--at first I was pleasantly surprised but after thinking about it I realized it came out a little too quickly--like less than 5 minutes for two dishes, the burrito and also flautas.  Microwaving food at a restaurant is in such poor taste.   
Basically, I was totally disappointed with the food and would never eat here again.  Terrible.Chicken tacos were excellent!  I wasn't as keen on the enchiladas.  I'm not a drinker, but my husband was impressed with the alcohol.  I'd go again...I wish they had chips and salsa :(Cheap food, decent margaritas, awkward decor, but not even close to real mexican food. Came here during regular dinner hours and realized I would never come back here again except during happy hour.I came here with a group of six friends and had a pretty good time. We ordered a few pitchers of margaritas which were good but didn't pack too much punch. I would have liked it more if they were stronger. For my meal I had a quesadilla which was fine. Nothing to call home about but no complaints either. The service was prompt but we were between meal times (around 3:30) so there weren't too many people there. There happened to be a bar crawl that stopped by while we were there. The was a tour guide who was explaining facts about tequila and was using a microphone which was slightly annoying but they moved on and out. I don't know if that is a regular occurrence or just a special occasion.Solid three stars.  Decent food and good drink prices - especially happy hour for $3 dos equis drafts.  Nothing fancy just decent food.   Friendly bartenders. Good value in Old City when you can have a filling meal and two drafts for $20.I've been here a couple times and I like this Mexican Post better than the one on the Parkway. The staff is nicer and a lot more attentive, even when they are packed on a Friday night!
Food is good.
Price-wise, they may seem high, but you get very large portions that it's worth it!
Staff- very friendly!
Good location
Drinks are really good (margaritas)Excellent food, great margaritas, good mixed drinks, gets crowded after 9pm but its normal for olde city.Excellent Food! My wife and I had a evening in Philly with plans to see Toby Keith in concert across the river. We wanted something close to Penn's Landing and close to our hotel. We decided on Mexican Post. the margaritas were wonderful, the salsa and chips were great and the fajitas were out of this world. The prices were very reasonable and the food was worth every penny! We will go back! Try it and enjoy!Looking for a happy hour, we stopped in for margaritas! $10 got us a regular pitcher and a shared barstool, but it was a quickfix for the sweet and salty we were hankering after our date. Definitely the right option when compared to their "by the glass" margarita special, which was in little bitty cups. The food that passed us looked amazing, but we were dining out on a budget, so we just sipped a quick taste of mexico and headed home- but for that, it was a fun, cheap adventure :)We used to frequent the Post and made a trip back recently only to be very disappointed with the food.It appears to be in line with a chillies or chi-chi's now, nothing all that good,chain restaurant now I think... in a bad way.Will not be returning, they have managed to make our black list, there are so many real good Mexican joints in philly now,this one is not needed.Considering that most of the patrons are not from Mexican decent, the food is passable. However, if you are looking for authentic cuisine, this is NOT the place you want to be. The food is great if you are bar hopping around 1:am in the morning and need a quick bite to eat. I suggest the Beef Chimichongas as a bar meal (who doesn't like a nice tasty chimy??).  Authenticity? Nope! It will never be real Mexican food, but I doubt anyone that is around that area really care, so dig in!Oh man,  so bad.  Ordered tacos to go and I couldn't believe how bad they were.  The chicken wasn't cut up,  it was just one big piece of chicken in a tortilla.  At least cut it up and spread it out.  I can make better chicken tacos and I can't cook for anything.  When I arrived to pick it up I decided to add some chips and salsa.  The guy said no problem and disappeared into the kitchen, for a full 5 minutes.  I know because thats how long I had to watch my car to keep it from getting a ticket.  Just throw some chips in a container and give me a cup of salsa!   The salsa is pretty bad too,  huge chunks of tomatoes, too big.  My wife warned me but I didn't listen.  I will listen nowThe hubby popped in for a lunch visit, and since I had been aching to go to Mexican Post to try it for awhile, we decided to head on over to the Chestnut St location. 
As soon as we walked in, it was obvious it was a divey bar, but hey thats ok with me, as I had read the reviews and was prepared, 
Since we were the only people in the place, the barkeep came over and asked what we wanted to drink. I asked for a Coke or Pepsi and the weirdest thing happened. He said (with a straight face) "we have "COLA"..its generic". LOL! Ummmmmmmmm Okkkkkkkkay. 
My husband ordered a sprite, and he wasnt told it was just "Lemon Lime" so I assume they DID have THAT available. (I have never in my life been told at a bar no less that they only had Cola.) 
He made our drinks, but they sat on the counter for a few minutes because another customer (clearly a regular) came in and he started talking. Meanwhile, my mouth was burning from the free chips and spicy salsa he left us. Eventually, he brought something to cool the fire. 
I ordered the pollo wings and fries, which were great, and my husband got a combo with a taco, enchilada, refried beans and rice. He said it was pretty good, although the sauce tasted like it came out of a jar. 
Nonetheless, we knew this place wasn't going to win any awards for authentic Mexican cuisine, but it gets 3 stars for good, solid, hot, tasty food. 
I'm still a little freaked out about the Cola situation though. 
I would probably pop in again if i was nearby.Come here sometimes after work on friday with my wife and sister in law, this place has a awesome happy hour.the food is great and the drinks are well priced.remember if you want happy hour you have to sit at bar or at table by the steps to go downstairs.we have great time there.this is a good spot to get your night startedYes, there are more authentic Mexican restaurants in the city and suburbs, but I do enjoy Mexican Post for lunch. I've been coming here for years.
I usually get enchiladas and tacos, but my friends have gotten other entrees. No complaints about the quality of the food. 3 stars sums it up. Their food always satisfies my Mexican cravings.
However, there are a few things that have annoyed me for years: 
1.  Bathroom is downstairs
2.  Sunlight so bright during lunch it is painful to look out the window.
3. $1.00 for a side of sour cream.its getting worse and worse. time to close your doors and let someone who has passion use the space.I love this place! Everyone in here treats you so nice and they make sure you have everything you need. I love love the mojito here! My favorite dish is the chicken avocado salad...ahhh its so good! My daughter loves the chicken tacos and of course the salsa is awesome! Its not the fanciest place but it sure is the type of place where you can go relax, have a good meal, and a good drink on the cheap!!!if your looking for that amazing authentic knock your socks off Mexican feast..you prob should go somewhere else, but if your relaxed and appreciate a killer atmosphere this is the way to go! the margaritas are delicious, there is a good variety of snack and entrees and the employees are helpful, shout out to our serve erica she was hilarious!This place is all about expectations. If you expect an authentic mexican meal, you will be let down. If you want a place that will get you silly drunk while allowing you to stuff your face with pretty decent tacos and nachos before you go somewhere else, then you have struck gold. Happy hour is the best time to be here, especially if you can grab a seat at the bar (service issues vanish when you do). Great place to go before you head over to the The Khyber, or if you are seeing a show over in Camden and plan on taking the ferry.i use to love this place even gave it a great review before, but for some reason they changed their menu and everything went downhill. Food now sucks service sucks all new waiters they changed their rice to a white rice with peas and carrots , i will never eat there again and i ate there for 7 years ..The Mexican food here is pretty good, but it seems to be a place that is more about the bar scene.
Ultimately chips and salsa until your meal comes out. I ordered a simple burrito with extra guacamole and it was nothing to complain about. If you come here just needing a quick Mexican food fix with no frills or extra "wows" then you should be good.Let me first say that this restaurant was my go-to "Mexican" restaurant for years.  That is why I am, generously, giving them 2 stars.
I went there for lunch with a coworker last week and I must say that I have had better Mexican meals from Taco Bell.  
I ordered 2 soft tacos and a chili rellano.  The chili rellano was one of my favorite things from their menu, but not this time.  First off, the pepper was smaller than my pinky.  Second, it didn't have the usual breading around it.  I am not sure if they changed their recipe, but it was CRAP.
Oh, and the two SOFT tacos I ordered came out in HARD shells.  Normally this wouldn't be an issue, but they charge extra for soft shells which I am not too sure why that is.  Needless to say, the bill came and I was charged for the soft tacos.  I didn't even have the energy/time to say anything about it.
My coworker ordered some pork dish that looked like dog food with sour cream on top.  He usually "cleans his plate," but when we left there was 3/4 of the food left on the plate.  We frequent Las Cazuelas and we always send back empty plates.  
Thank you Mexican post for all the good "Mexican" meals is the past and for helping me and my coworker lose weight by not finishing our meals.  Your quality has diminished and the little corner stores/bodegas are pumping out REAL Mexican food.  Shame on me for being fooled for all these years thinking that what you were serving me was authentic Mexican food.  I have seen the light and it looks like Las Cazuelas and Jose's.I'd love to know why the quesadillas at Applebee's are better than the quesadillas at MEXICAN POST! If you're looking for tasty and quality food, please do not waste your time here. 
However, I would recommend this place if you just wanna have beer and watch the game, or pop in for some margaritas and chips-n-salsa.I lived in Mexico City for a while, and I came to expect a lot from Mexican restaurants. The Mexican Post, however, isn't really a Mexican restaurant. All of its dinners are loose American versions of the classic dishes they claim to be. The chiles rellenos (my super-gringo server called them 'chileez relenoz') tasted like more of highfalutin jalapeno popper dish, and while the tacos were okay, they lacked in the most important category: the tortilla.
But I don't think the Mexican Post is trying to be a Mexican restaurant, either. It's biggest draw seems to be the pre-club crowd, which gets its momentum from the pricy margaritas and more reasonably priced beers on tap. The Post is conveniently in the heart of Old City, and I suppose, if you don't care too much about the quality of your tortillas, it makes a good place to fill up and ship out on a Saturday night. Again, the food isn't bad; it's just, err, more of a T.G.I. Friday's take on Mexican cuisine.Mexican Post is the best place to go for cheap, but good bar food and ok-margaritas. Between 4-6PM on weekdays, $0.25 wings and $1 quesadillas, tacos, and pizza (don't get the pizza, its not really a pizza). Food is surprisingly good for bar food and their $5 a glass margaritas are decent too (get the mango blended). Our bartender (can't remember his name) is the same guy who is always there when we go and he's awesome. Always gives us a little extra when we order drinks - now thats service!Pretty good food! The drinks were better than the food though. I definitely recommend coming for the margaritas as they're not too sweet and the right amount of strong. Raspberry's particularly delicious :)
However, the food was not too impressive. I got steak tacos, which were good but I feel like I've had better Mexican food elsewhere.
However, the rice that came with the burrito..so freaking good! I don't know what it was about it but for some reason the rice made me swoon lilke Rachel McAdams in the Notebook.Just a glance at the menu will tell you that the Mexican Post is all about the basic basics - tacos, chips, burritos. It's nothing fancy here. It's not authentic Mexican by any definition and it won't blow your mind. The margaritas are blended with absolute bottom shelf tequila, but there's so little in there you won't even notice. 
That said, it's an OK place to pop in for a bite and a drink, and reasonably priced especially being in Old City. The fact they have an a la carte menu earns a whole star of its own. I was able to order two soft tacos and munch on some chips and call it dinner.
Service isn't even worth mentioning. It's "OK." Last time I was in here, we got a little 'tude for claiming a table for drinks only, but (a) the bar was full and (b) the rest of the place was nearly empty.I do not believe one should expect to find authentic Mexican food in Philadelphia. After all I wouldn't expect to find an authentic cheesesteak in Mexico, (or even New York for that matter).  I appreciate The Mexican Post's food for all that it is: cheap, above average and belly filling.  My typical order involves three soft tacos and an enchilada, which runs me about 10 bucks.  Add a couple pitchers of Margaritas to that and you've got yourself a great beginning to a weekend.  But don't get me wrong, "The Post" is just as great to visit on a Tuesday "don't feel like making dinner night" as it is on a "let's get tanked" Friday.
The one downfall to the Mexican Post is its lack of space, as on weekends it typically becomes crowded and wait times can be considerable.  I would recommend the Mexican Post for anybody looking for a fun time in a great part of the city.  The Mexican Post is what it is: an American Mexican restaurant.  If you're looking for authentic Mexican, head to La Lupe in South Philly, if you're looking for a good time go The Post."beer of the week: bud light lime."  need I say more.Gross.
Stick to the newer outpost in Center City.  This place needs a complete and utter overhaul.  From the interior to the decidedly rude and jaded service, this place needs to get cleaned up. 
The food here is decidedly on par with Taco Bell, and I would be almost apt to say it might even fall below the fast food joint's offerings.  Service is also befitting of a place like Taco Bell -- but I can be sure as hell that I have gotten more pleasant and patient service there than I have received at Olde City's Mexican Post.  I did not expect royal treatment here, but general decent service dictates that you are civil and that you do the job that earns you a tip (obtain my food order without condescension, get the order right - write it down, maybe? check in after it's been delivered?).  This aggressive service is definitely more suited for the drunk patron than a restaurant diner.
Also, most importantly, I  don't expect white tablecloth standards, but I do expect a restaurant to be clean.  Sanitary.   Watching service wipe down tables with dirty kitchen cloths, and peering into a kitchen that did not appear to be at its tidiest and using their disgusting run-down bathroom did not exactly whet my appetite.  So when all said and done, you can get a bowl of salsa and chips just about anywhere in the city - stay away.This is a great little hidden spot for after work drinks and food. Prices are great. Views of the Ben Franklin Bridge. The ladies behind the bar are excellent. Drinks were NOT watered down. Get the watermelon margerita. Yum! I went on a Friday after work and found a parking spot steps away from the door.i just went here for lunch today, really great food. no lunch menu though, so few things under $9. we were all very pleased, until our bill came- 5 of us racked up $70! we were so confused, until we realized we had spent $15 on sodas!!! dont be so cheap mexican post! our waitress was so impersonable that when we asked for take home cups for our expensive sodas, she told us we could take our cups for all she cared. so we did.If you're expecting high end Mexican food, go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-catrines-tequilas-philadelphia-2
If you're expecting great margaritas, good prices and basic (yet pretty good) Mexican food, the Post is the way to go. 
Very good lunch spot that is pretty kid friendly.Mexican Post is one of those restaurants I really like, but never seem to get to very often. The first time I went, I had trouble finding it because the front of the place looks like a house; there's not much signage or anything. I kind of expected it to be expensive, too, because of the location, but everything is pretty reasonably priced. Service has always been good, nothing special, but the job got done. I really like the decor of the place and the fact that there are plenty of seats (no waiting!).
Edit: wtf happened with the weirdo link in my review? It's cursed!Tasty and cheap average Mexican fare.  You'll leave with a full tummy and a happy wallet.  A pretty decent-sized menu and while the food may not exactly be top notch amazing, its certainly fine when you're looking for a spontaneous Mexican fix in Old City.
Service is good although the venue itself can get rather cramped.
While I'm perfectly happy with grub, my favorite thing at Mexican Post are is the red sangria.  While not the best sangria I've ever tasted, its pretty good & like everything else here, won't break the bank.  My boyfriend loves their margaritas.The margaritas are blackout-tastic.  I went to the new location at 16th & Cherry, and the place was blowin up!  Next time I'll try the food.I can't comment on the scene here on a Friday or Saturday night, but I do know this: 
There are few better things to do during the day to escape the sweltering heat in the city than sit in a bar, watch the Fightin's, and wash down freshly made chips and salsa with cold bottles of Pacifico.
Sure it's Americanized Mexican, but when did assimilation become so passé? Eating authentic ethnic cuisine doesn't make you any more authentic as a person, so go ahead and enjoy that chicken avocado salad (but feel free to brush off the enormous mound of shredded cheese). Jan Brewer would approve.Terrible service! Ordered guac take out - dealt with not one, but three rude employees while picking it up. $10 for 4 tablespoons of mediocre guac was not worth it.  Will never go back!We were at the other Mexican Post and the manager gave each of us (3 of us) $5 free coupons to use at this place.  We came over right after because we were hungry.  The server wasn't very nice about checking on how we could use these coupons.  He wouldn't let us use all 3...he let us use two after he asked the manager and said that was even stretching it.
The food ended up being pretty good, but the margaritas were so expensive and did not have any alcohol in them pretty much.'
I wouldn't go back."Inoffensive Mexican food" is the perfect way to describe it.
It's fine in a pinch, inexpensive and generous portions. Salsa is a bit salty. Nothing is very spicy. But still, not terrible. It might even be worthy of 3 stars if you're drunk.First things first, they have the best margaritas in town! Great place for drinks and food. Prices are great. Views of the Ben Franklin Bridge.The watermelon margarita. is awesome!i went here wanting a margarita and a steak fajita. cue the disappointment. the margarita was nothing memorable. the fajita however... the steak was so beyond chewy, i couldn't even bite through it. now, i am one of those people who would rather go home hungry than complain, but in this case i had to make an exception. our server seemed genuinely annoyed that i was even talking to her at all and then proceeded to tell me that since i had eaten some of it they wouldn't take it off my check. what? the only reason i ate more than one bite was because a) i was hoping it was just one bad piece and not the whole dish and b) the server was no where to be found for a while... but that's just bad customer service. i'm hoping my experience was a rare isolated one, but i haven't been back since to find out.The food here is good the drinks are good. The atmosphere isn't bad but is a bit congested. Considering the area you get a lot of bang for your buck.This is an unpretentious, divey little bar in Old City that I actually kinda like, despite it's mixed reviews.  Why?  Because when you're walking around the city and it's disgustingly humid and hot as freakin hell (like yesterday!), a bar that serves refreshingly ice cold, strong and cheap margaritas (in a variety of yummy flavors) is a sure winner in my book.  Love their happy hour!  The food looked pretty damn inexpensive too but in this heat, all I wanted was to drink, drink, drink.
Salud!!No Bueno! I'll take Taco Bell over Mexican Post. Greasy, bland. ick.I have always really enjoyed going to the Mexican post. While it may not be completely authentic, the food is delicious and priced well. I live in Olde City and this is usually one of my first recommendations for people to go to when they ask where they should eat. my only complaint is that the margaritas are not that good.I don't understand all the negative reviews here. I love the Steak and Shrimp Fajitas here, I get them everytime I go to the Mexican Post. It's a delicious, cheap, and the service has always been decent to good everytime I have went.A. Yo esse, you in mi barrio...wait, I only pretend to be mexican so I can get a discount in this awesome spot
B. Actually, I don't need a discount cause during happy hour, the prices are muy bueno
C. Chips n salsa are top notch as are the pitchers of margaritas...I've been here dozens of times and nothing has changed, in terms of quality
D. Everyone is friendly and druuuunnnkkkk...well, not the workers
E. I've had the beef enchiladas but my taste buds were so abused from the drinks that I won't attempt to describe them
I will hit cause this place is a hit. (cheesey, sorry)Awesome, cheap happy hour!  The best jukebox in Olde city!
Prefer the atmosphere at this location over the one closer to the Parkway &/or the one in Wilmington.
Not the best (meaning most authentic/interesting) Mexican food.  You food-snobs probably wouldn't like it, but I've been going here for years & its still one of my favorites for a summer happy hour.i actually went to the 16th and cherry location, which recently opened.  i'm a huge fan of mexican but the food here was just depressing.  i was incredibly hungry and they had so many options but the food was just bland.  I didnt try the margaritas but it has potential for a good place to get drinks but i don't think i'll be headed back here.Yuck, the chicken tasted old, everything was bland, and our waitress messed up our drink order, mixed up my order 5 seconds after I said it, brought out the wrong thing to my date, and as another commenter said, even the salsa was pretty sub-par. 2 stars because the margarita and seafood enchilada was pretty good and I liked the decor.I ventured here with bunch of friends. The chips, salsa, guacamole was alright. Everyone loved their drinks. I see an inconsistency in reviews , which isn't good either .Hopefully they have fixed their problem(s) with chips on floor, people able to see it. That would turn me off. I actually enjoyed it there, would return, but if I saw what one reviewer did, run!! Do not like poor , Un-sanitary conditions, wont eat , come back back there. But for it being in Olde City, prices were reasonable, drinks good. Give it another chance..but definitely on the look-out!!! Gulp??!!!Horrible! I've been to the Mexican Post in Delaware several times and have always had a good experience and an even better meal. Their Old City location is the complete opposite. Was greeted by an extremely rude waitress who had an attitude from the minute we walked in. The chips on the table were all crumbs and the queso dip there compared to the one in DE was disgusting. It tasted like cheesy milk. The tacos were less than taco bell quality. No hint of authentic Mexican taste to them at all and dripping with grease. I am definitely aware of the fact that this is not the place to go for authentic Mexican but seriously these tacos were similar to the tacos served in my high school cafeteria. Don't waste your money!