I'm from NYC originally, now northern NJ (Bergen County), and that's my usual food scene. 
You can see by my review history I eat mostly Asian food but I'm adventurous and I frequent/review only quality food places. 
This place is one of them. 
I.. am a little upset that I live so far away. 
The fried tofu banh mi was BANGIN. Like. The tofu is a whole cm of thicc savory flavor (homemade sauce ftw) and the veggies/daikon/cilantro/jalapeno balance the texture and taste of the tofu. 
I'm not a vegan/vegetarian By Any Means and it was still SO GOOD. 
I forgot to take a picture of my banh mi's cross section bc i was so busy chowing down ‍ HIGHLY recommend for a light but fillibg and satisfying meal. 
Also had the tropical paradise(?) bubble tea. The pineapple w coconut foam. SH! it was delicious. 
Like Dole Whip meets Pina Colada. Perfect sweetness and creaminess and good portion of boba to drink. Wow. Even the boba was chewy and perfectly sweet. Not too bland or too sticky or too stale. 
5 stars all around. 
Please roll over to NJ/NYC with a food truck. (Come to Columbia University Medical Center- you'll make a KILLING) 
If not, i guess i dont mind driving almost 2 hrs to try your Classic.. with pateOMG, the crispy shrimp sandwich is UNBELIEVABLY good, as are all the sandwiches, as are all the drinks. THANK YOU, MI 'N TEA!!!Love this place and I think about it all the time! If you're out in Manayunk, definitely stop by. They have outdoor seating too. 
The bread on their banh mi is perfect--great crust while also being soft. I love that they have a traditional banh mi with Vietnamese cold cuts, but their grilled pork was also super flavorful and yummy. Boba was perfect, though I've only had their black sugar boba.This spot was such an incredible find! I went on a Sunday afternoon, and while street parking was a terror, it was absolutely worth it.
I went with a vegetarian who was pleasantly surprised with their options. I had the Side Trip to Korea, and while the spice pushed my limits, it was delicious! Their teas are fun and creative, and I look forward to going back. 
I found it as a soon-to-be graduate, about to leave the area, and I couldn't be more upset - I will absolutely be visiting here every time I come back to visit my alma mater!I would venture to say they are the best quality and value on Main Street.  The family owned business was a pleasure to visit, the 'side trip to Korea' sandwich less than $10 and huge, was AMAZING and 'the Blues' slushie which usually isn't my thing and was SO GOOD!!  I totally took a chance on this new spot post-COVID and I'm so glad I did!  Service was great and the set up inside is pretty cute!!!  So many restaurants on Main Street have come and gone And I really hope this place stays forever. I went by myself tonight but I'm bringing my husband back next week.Our family decided to try this place out during COVID-19. I ordered the crispy fried shrimp banhmi and hubs got "the classic" banhmi. Living in the city, I've tried almost all the banhmi hotspots. I must say,  was blown away by their shrimp banhmi, the shrimps were a decent size and the veggies were FRESH. We have ordered delivery 3x in the past week. That says something. I have yet to go there in person. 
ALSO, the VIET ICED COFFEE was spot on!
I liked the "calm down and perk up drink" for a twist on coffee & matcha. 
Pros: Fresh ingredients, crispy bead, generous portions of meat/ veggie to bread ratio. 
Cons:  I haven't found one yet. Maybe wishing it was closer to me.Sandwich was good. I don't like bubble tea, so i can't speak to the drinks but the sandwich was tasty. They have a variety of options and you can customize your sandwich. Prices are reasonable and sandwiches are large.such a good addition to the lineup on main st, manayunk! a hearty bahn mi sammich and a refreshing bubble tea is the PERFECT weekend takeout lunch. really hoping to see this business thrive--my go to order is the lemongrass pork sammich and the calm down/perk up tea (add tapioca bubbles).Lofty expectations arise when a current place's yelp score sits at 5 stars like this one.  Usually the reviews are dead on as they were in this case.
Banh Mi has become less scare of a menu choice here in Philly and I've become acclimated to what it is.  Essentially it's a Vietnamese Hoagie.  Julienne carrots, cucumbers, cilantro and daikon with a particular meat.  In this case I went with the crispy chicken.  Fresh ingredients, tasty, cooked fried chicken on a crispy long roll hit the spot.  
The only other item on the menu besides the sandwiches is tea, so I had to go for it.  I got the upper and downed tea which was espresso and green tea layered in one beverage.  I added the bubbles (tapioca) for effect.
I'll be back again to try another flavor or two.  The only thing that prevented the 5th star was the 9 minutes I had to wait inside for them to finish preparing.  They said twenty minutes over the phone and I arrived then but had to wait a bit more.  With PPA circling the parking meters like sharks I'd rather get in and out a bit quicker especially with the bow limited parking situation on Main Street.Best banh mi I've had!! So worth it. Got the lemongrass pork - generous amount of meat and veggies. Bread was great too. Portion was large, so took the rest home. They also just added taro fries which I 1000% recommend with the spicy ketchupHad a craving for bubble tea and found this place on Uber Eats. I had no expectations but was pleasantly surprised! I ordered the Fried Shrimp Banh Mi and it was delicious. Crispy, jumbo shrimp with a good balance of pickled veggies and jalapeño. The bread was light and crisp. All in all, a great banh mi. The brown sugar boba I ordered hit the spot as well. Like the other reviews have said, it is more expensive than other banh mis I've had in the past. But still super happy to have found this place! Will definitely be a repeat customer!I am glad this spot opened up since it was needed in Manayunk to diversify from the typical pizza and bar junk food throughout Main Street.  Ordered 3x within two weeks since the food and drinks were delicious. Prices are reasonable and cheaper through their own website. My only issue is how slow it took the first two times I went. I understand their are online orders mixed with walk-ins,  but hopefully they get better at prioritizing orders.Good Vietnamese food is hard to find in this area. Luckily Mi N Tea opened up recently and I'm obsessed with it. It has some of the best banh mi I have ever had. My favorite is the medium rare filet mignon and the Thai coffee is to die for. I will definitely be coming back and recommending this place to my friends.During covid, things have to adapt and they did a great job at moving it to a call in and pick up service. Tables lined up for you to pick up your order. This was the first time we ate here. We got the banh mi with pork and lemon grass. Honestly did not taste the lemon grass at all. Either the order was wrong or they really tried to keep that flavor off the table to make it more palatable to the non ethnic taste buds. We still enjoyed it because the pork was we done and flavorful! Packed with lots of fresh herbs.
We also got the taro boba's which was slightly disappointing. It's always hit or miss with taro cause it could be fresh or it could be the powder and this was clearly powder. We enjoyed our food not so much the drink. We wanted to try it out and get out of our home. Unlikely to be back but service was great and friendly.
Happy eating! Stay safe and healthy out there everyone.Creative banh mi's and layered tea drinks... count me in! My fiancée approves, and she has a very high standard for her native food. A modern twist on classic street food. Great presentation and fresh ingredients, the bread was also very good.. seemed like they may have baked it from scratch.  A little more expensive then we're used to paying for banh mi's however the portions were good. Will be back to try more flavors!Very yummy banh mi's. Ordered the lemongrass pork. Came here with a group of friends and we ordered different banh mi's and drinks. It was my first time here and planning on coming back.Solid banh mi, with a modern twist. Not my favorite place in the area for them but I think it is now in second.
They did a really good job with the filet mignon; tender but with a nice crisp from the deep frying.Crispy Shrimp Banh MI.  Excellent. Shrimp was well seasoned and lightly breaded.  First time having a Vietnamese Sandwich. I will definitely return.Such a great new spot in Manayunk! I moved here from the West Coast and really missed my authentic boba milk tea spot, and this is the best boba I've had on the East Coast! Great quality flavors and ingredients! I got the peach milk tea with tapioca bubbles and it was fantastic. Looking forward to going back and trying more!Absolutely superb bánh mì and boba tea - I can't recommend this place enough!
I tried The Classic and the Crispy Chicken sandwiches along with a Calm Down & Perk Up boba tea.  The Classic is easily one of the best bánh mì I've ever had - great bread, phenomenal ingredients, and a well-balanced combination that allowed all flavors got to shine through without one dominating the palate.  Maybe more importantly, everything tasted fresh!  The Crispy Chicken was an unexpected pleasure - the katsu-style fried chicken breast was absolutely amazing, especially when paired with the pickled carrots and daikon.  The Calm Down & Perk up (a mixture of matcha green tea, cream, and coffee foam) was an absolute pleasure - it wasn't too sweet or too strong, and the boba were absolutely perfect.
I'd eat here every day if I could!I could not have been happier with our meals from Mi 'N Tea! The Gettin' Fancy and Savory Sausage were both SO delicious, and very reasonably priced for the size. We also got the Jade Elixir - the matcha foam was unreal, plus the Lychee Mojito with bubbles was the perfect combo. I would definitely reorder these exact same items, but given how amazing everything was I need to try the rest of the menu!Come here at least once a week for lunch. The vegetables are so fresh and the bun is 10/10. Faves are the honey chicken, lemongrass pork, and crispy chicken. Such a delicious and filling sandwich, also love that they have several meat-free options.Just all around delicious. Every item on the menu. 
The Fancy sandwich is just so dang good. Teas are all fantastic as well. Clean place too.Saw their Banh Mi and Bubble Tea/Coffee options on social media and had to give them a try especially because I love bubble teas! They're a little far but worth the trip.
I ordered the spicy shrimp and the hubby ordered the traditional banh mi. I ordered the classic Viet iced coffee slow drip style. 
The shrimp is nice and spicy, so delicious and it was a huge portion. The coffee was bitter and sweet, just how I like my coffee. Next time, I want to try their other drink options and sandwich options. Give it a try if you're in the Manayunk area, or if you're not!Mi 'N Tea just opened in the middle of the pandemic, but they have take out options and even do party trays! They sell Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwiches and have a plethora of drinks to choose from. I love that their menu adds a modern, creative twist to more traditional items. They have two vegetarian options - fried tofu and grilled eggplant. I went with the fried tofu Banh mi, and the bread so a perfect balance of crisp yet light yet substantial. The filling was great, but would have preferred more pickled radish/carrots. My friend had the Viet pork skewers and also really enjoyed it. My only gripe is that the price is a lot higher than the normal Banh Mi's I get at home in California. I'm excited to go back to try their drinks next time. I also tried two of their drinks, the watermelon twist and the other "green Thai tea", which didn't taste like Thai tea and was more floral. Innovative drinks, but not sure it hit the spot for me. 
Parking is mainly street parking or a parking lot in Manayunk.No food deliver. Previous was good, but this time, no delivery and no contact.Tried the latte and matcha with coffee foam, both were really good.  Also tried the classic and fried shrimp banh mi, both good too!  Wish they were spicier, but may be I should have specified "spicy enough for an Asian" vs just "extra spicy." Still, I am really pleased with how my orders turned out.   I've found my alternative to driving to South Philly for banh mi.Really good food and drinks, but the customer service I received was confrontational in the strangest way. I attempted to pay with exact change, then the person ringing me up indicated that there was a $10 minimum. After then deciding to cancel the order, she let me know the minimum was only for credit cards, which was not relevant since I was paying with cash.
After making the interaction very weird, she didn't say anything to me after receiving the payment, which was very off-putting. 
If you're going to order from here, it's probably best just to stick with online ordering. Again, the food and drinks are great, but the customer service needs a little work to be welcoming. I'd been coming here nearly every day for a week, but it'll be a while before I come back.The thai tea with coffee foam was on point, and both the classic and honey chicken banh mi were delicious! Will definitely be ordering from here again.Met up with some friends today since they've been wanting to give this place a try. I peeked at the menu ahead of time and knew I'd have a hard time making my decisions since pretty much all the sandwiches sounded good. Ended up going with the fried shrimp banh mi and the Thai It All Together drink with bubbles.
     Sandwich was great! Shrimp seemed freshly fried and a good size. I'm not one for mayo, but I ordered it as is and really enjoyed it. The jalapeno gave it just enough of a kick. The drink was good, though the foam kind of doesn't really incorporate well, so I ended up with quite a bit of foam just sitting there at the end.
     I really want to go back and try some other sandwiches.This food was definitely an A +, the purple daze tea was the best tea I've ever had,  we absolutely loved it!  We came all the way from Jersey for this, and we'll be back again and again!I had a huge craving for banh mi and ordered delivery. The sandwich was pretty good and the bubble tea a surprise new fav. I got half sugar found it to be just the right amount of sweet.I decided to get lunch here today to try out their banh mi and drinks and was very pleased. I got the lemongrass pork sandwich and the calm down perk up drink, and my friend got the watermelon twist.  The drinks were really good and the lemongrass pork was nice and savory. I don't normally give reviews, but I thought this place was a good addition to Manayunk.I was so happy to find out that I could get both banh mi and boba during this national emergency. We usually get boba on the regular (like every weekend) before the pandemic and craved it badly.  I've also been eating Banh mi since I was in the womb. Banh mi and boba are the perfect combination and reminds me of what I could get back home in California.  Good sized banh mi with everything that I could want in it, plus more! We've tried almost all of the creative options and they are all delicious. Jalapenos could be spicier, banh mi could be denser and they could be heavier on the nuoc mam (fish sauce) but I'm just being nit picky at this point. Boba is fresh and chewy with great flavors. Our favorites are the fruit teas! Bonus for having the sugar and ice level options. I especially like their back story and how they have interesting options without compromising too much authenticity. Very millennial! Hope they stick around for awhile, will be continuing to support this small business!!!I had the side trip to Korea and it was so good. It was meaty and flavorful, the veggies were fresh and I thought the bread held everything together well. Unfortunately my gf did not have the same experience. She got the mushroom and tofu and her sandwich was really soggy which turned her off. She's a vegetarian so she didn't have many options so she may not be back but I'll def try another sandwich soonAs a wise Kool-Aid Man once said, "Oh, YEAH!".  Today's lunch was a treat! We had the Classic and Crispy Chicken.  Both were excellent, cooling cucumber and spicy sauce! It was extremely tasty.  I tried one of the milk teas for the first time and it was ok.  Wife's Passion Fruit something with Mango Bubbles was incredible.  We will certainly be back!The Vietnamese coffee and Bánh mì sandwiches are so good. Staff is very friendly. Great location and atmosphere.My friends always drive out from NY to see me and we always grab bubble tea! However recently, the last time we came in around 6pm when they closed at 8pm and they were closed. We asked if there was any bubble tea left over by any chance but they were just very dismissive. I didn't want to go back and fourth but I was just very disappointed since they had drove out in hopes of grabbing some bubble tea and catching up. It's fine if they were to close early, but the dismissive attitude just really left me feeling unsettled especially since my friends were so excited...Love this place! My go-to is the Lemongrass Pork with a bubble tea. Although I've noticed lately the bubble tea tastes a little watered down. BUT still worth it and better than most places!Super friendly staff, banh mi and tea were both super good. Definitely a must try spot in Manayunk!Finally a Bahn Mi shop in Manayunk! This place is seriously so good. My boyfriend and I both got the Side Trip to Korea sandwich for lunch today and it was amazing. We loved it so much that we actually went back and ordered two more of the same sandwich for dinner!! 
Definitely more expensive than other sandwich places in the area, but honestly the price is worth it. Can't wait to go back and try more.Love this place, great addition to Manayunk - tried the Almond Soother, Fried Tofu, and shrimp bahn mi and everything was delicious!Food is bangin'. They make a bubble tea without caffeine for the kiddos. The side trip to Korea may be one of the better steak sandwiches in Philly. Banh mi is better than average and fresher than almost all.The first time me and my fiancé were introduced to Mi N Tea was for a Yelp event. We really liked it so went back again for my fiancé birthday. Their banh mi is so yummy, I got the lemongrass pork and it was just perfection. Boba was cooked perfectly as well. The only thing I would say is the outside seating isn't set up great. The heater did not work at all, so we were eating our dinner in the cold. Next time we will get takeout instead.A great and delicious range of teas and absolutely bonkers banh mi. (That's a compliment.) Our personal favorites are the Classic and the Crispy Chicken. It's definitely a treat to get lunch here, but well worth the price.Great new spot in Manayunk. Love their crispy chicken sandwich. It you don't like hot then get it without the jalapeños. Lol. They also have a good selection of drinks and it's some cute shops nearby.Cutest little tea shop. I haven't had the Bahn Mi so I can't comment on that, but I have had a few of the teas, and I really enjoy them. My favorite is the Thai Sunset with tapioca. They have a good variety of milk based, coffee, and fruit teas, along with a great selection of additives. I love the order ahead feature because they definitely get busy. Make sure to either bring cash or buy over $10 worth of product because there is a minimum for card purchases! The staff is always friendly and prompt. I will definitely be returning soon!Our favorite spot in manayunk! Not just favorite bubble tea place, favorite overall! We've made it our Sunday night tradition to order from here, and we look forward to it all week. I usually order the "side trip to Korea" and he gets the honey chicken. Fresh cilantro, crunchy slaw, spicy bulgogi beef, all on a delicious roll. They really pay attention to details and it shows in the way the ingredients are placed and the end of the roll sliced off. The Bubble tea I change up every week, this week I got watermelon matcha and it was 10/10 awesome. Support this place and the super nice people who own it, order from here!!From a town with great Viet food couldn't find great Mi until now. This is the real deal. Love it!This tea was, and forever will be the pinnacle of the greater Philadelphia underground Boba Tea scene. So good that I must double fist this magnificent beverage every time I drink from the sacred boba straw. Woah is me...'it's my only addiction. Drink responsibly (this product does contain dairy and will cause bloating to those suffering from lactose intolerance)-good shitOrdered a classic bahn mi and a guava tea from Grub hub.They did not disappoint. The bahn mi had everything a traditional bahn mi has and the tea was amazing! (I ordered it without the sabja seeds). My one slight issue was that it was a little pricey but I got $7 off the promotional price. All in all, everything taste dynamite.Food is always consistently good and their customer service is great! They personally delivered taro fries, and added a complimentary bag of taro chips, when they forgot to add it into the bag. We forgot to check for it but they definitely went out of their way to make sure we got what we ordered, and more. Thank you!The Banh mi selection is very good. I tried the fried shrimp Banh mi and the classic Banh mi, both are absolutely delicious!! The bread is fresh and has the perfect of crunch, and the veggies are pickled well. The bubble tea is amazing too, and I love how unique the flavors are. I wanted every drink from the menu. The tapioca pearls were perfectly chewy and the mango coconut flavor was good and not too artificial. Highly recommend.so so so good. their sandwiches are AmazingBCDEFG and will definitely be back! I had the thai iced tea drink and that wasn't my fav thai iced tea i've had but I haven't tried other teas and will definitely be up for those as the sandwich is worth going back again and their portions are great! one of the best restaurants i've tried in the manayunk area and far better than a lot of the expensive places i've tried!!Mi 'N Tea is the best addition to Main Street in years, and could be the best quick service restaurant in Manayunk. It's about 2 days old as of this review. I ordered a Bahn Mi with Katsu Chicken and a Vietnamese iced coffee. First, the Bahn Mi was perfect; a delicate balance of bread and mayo sweetness offset by appropriately pickled vegetables and a jalapeño. There was a healthy amount of chicken; a bit more than I expected. The coffee was executed well, and gave me the afternoon pick-me-up I needed. I'll be returning frequently. 
Oh, also, the no contact pickup was safe and easy.Wow what can I say I was fortunate enough to try this place and let me tell you it's one of the best "Mi" I've had. 
I went for a classic pork Banh Mi and pork there was a plenty. It was roasted/cooked perfectly no burnt or dry pieces, you can tell it's home made in house. 
Next, the bread, it was fresh, plump, and held up to not only the meat but all the condiments. Fresh cilantro, fresh crisp pickled radish, and the sauce. Mmm it's like we may as well call it Vietnamese secret Mayo. 
The Staff was nice, the place is super cute. The menu is very intuitive and everything is customizable. I didn't throw any curve balls in but I do want to go back and try the filet mignon BM. 
Also I got the black Vietnamese coffee with cold foam. Solid choice too! 
Highly recommend this place and I will be going back !Came here on a Covid Sunday. Mi N Tea is an absolute gem who is so organized that pick up is as smooth as anyplace I've been; and all of whom are navigating in the trying era. 
We had the Lemongrass Banh Mi and the quirkily named Bulgolgi Beef Banh Mi called a Side trip to Korea. 
These are FRESH. I mean just incredibly fresh veggies mixed with pickled veggies as well. The beef and pork are the stars, the Vietnamese mayo cuts through everything delightfully. 
We picked up and sat at a shady table and stopped talking, just taking in the mix of flavors on a terrific roll. What a treat.I got caught by the insta ads but I don't have regrets lmaooo. The drinks were so aesthetic, I had to try. brown sugar boba milk - good taste, what you would expect, good bubbles! I like the chew. Next is the Thai milk tea. I liked this! Really good tea, maybe a little creamy - I think I would like mine a little more tea forward, but still good. Also pictured is the Viet coffee and the jade elixir. Thai green teas which look almost the same as a jade elixir lol. Personally, the Thai green tea and jade elixir are too creamy for me, I may either skip the cream or the foam top next time. The bubbles are super good and chewy though. Would try other ones. 
These sandwiches though! Big sands and definitely stuffed up! Worth the money. The classic was everything you want in a Viet banh mi. But that Side Trip to Korea  the meat was soooo good with all the toppings. Depends what mood you're in, but both were deliiiiicious! Would def come back for more drinks and sandwiches. Also, I appreciate the little nub ends of the sandwiches being cut offI had heard this place made excellent bahn mi so I came for exactly that. I ordered the viet pork skewers bahn mi. The bread was fresh and well executed in the baguette style with a crisp exterior and soft chewy crumb.
The sandwich had ample pickled vegetables, cilantro, and aioli that complemented the meat well.
The pork skewers were seasoned and execute well on the grill, though could have been more charcoal/fire forward.
The páte on this sandwich was a little too chunky and flavor dominant. I found it wasn't spread evenly across the bread and distracted at points during the gustatory experience.
Overall this spot clearly has a good grasp on bahn mi execution. I will be back to sample other options.I have been living in Manayunk for 10 years now and FINALLY have a banh mi and tea place near me! And its great- I am so thrilled! I have ordered from here several times now. I am a cha lua kind of girl so my favorite banh mis are the Classic and the Viet pork skewers (formerly known as the Savory). Their boba is so delicious too. You can tell these guys put alot of care into their craft and the ingredients are fresh. I really hope this establishment sticks around forever and stays consistent bc i will be ordering here as frequent as I possibly can.Amazing! Best boba and banh mi sandwiches in the area. Hands down. I recommend the classic and Vietnamese coffee with coffee jelly.I love the banh mi here. I don't ever really order the tea. I've ordered coffee once and it was so so.
The banh mi is great though. You can't go wrong with any of them. I would recommend the Fancy w/ Deep Fried Filet Mingon for the those that are new to Banh mis. The Vietnamese Pork skewer and lemon grass pork are delicious as well. If you are good w/ the mayo and classic meats, I think they use the pate here, then go with the classic.
I've tried a bunch and have never had a bad order. I will miss this place when I move away from Philly. 
Make sure to eat it fresh when the bread is nice and crispy.My taste buds are in love. Hands down the best.  I just left and my daughter and I had to pull over to eat the shrimp sandwich.  
I.  Love.  You. Guys.As a Viet person from Cali and then Texas (Houston is proclaimed for their Vietnamese food), I have very high expectations. 
We tried the classic, side trip to Korea, and fancy banh mi. They were all good, but both me and my boyfriend prefer the classic probably for nostalgia. Size of the banh mi was decent and the amount of filling:bread is generous. Milk tea was very good and the pick up process was quick and easy.
The only reason why I give it 4 stars is because of the price. $8-11 for banh Mi is really unheard of where I am from (usually $4-5). That prevents me from being a regular, but I would recommend this place and come here again to indulge myself when I get a craving.I'm so happy that I can get boba and banh mis so close to home! I've only been there twice and I was blown away both times. Super friendly and helpful staff to help you decide what to get and DELICIOUS food. The lemongrass pork was great but the honey chicken was even better (sweet,savory, spicy- perfection). I got the almond soother each time and added boba which also was great. Come support a wonderful new place!!First time here: got the "Side Trip to Korea" for lunch and loved it! Actually went back again and got another for dinner.Banh mis are great - def prob a fav banh mi place! 
And something guests always want when they come back to my place
We esp like the gettin fancy and the lemongrass pork 
We were not as crazy about the bubble teas relative to other bubble tea spots in area but def get their banh mis! Love the service here too - have placed large orders and they've been great about delivery time, etcI have to admit, Mi 'N Tea was truly awesome. Very good value for the money. Everything I had was magnificent. Hospitality was on point. So thankful for the addition to the neighborhood.Mi 'N Tea just opened in the middle of the pandemic, but they have take out options and even do party trays! They sell Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwiches and have a plethora of drinks to choose from. I love that their menu adds a modern, creative twist to more traditional items. They have two vegetarian options - fried tofu and grilled eggplant. I went with the fried tofu Banh mi, and the bread so a perfect balance of crisp yet light yet substantial. The filling was great. My friend had the Viet pork skewers and also really enjoyed it. My only gripe is that the price is a lot higher than the normal Banh Mi's I get at home in California. I'm excited to go back to try their drinks next time. 
Parking is mainly street parking or a parking lot in Manayunk. To-go service is quick. Since the pandemic, they place your order on a table to pick up when you walk in.Banh mis were surprisingly good. Nice sized baguettes, with yummy pates and delicious meats. Teas are also great!We'd heard a lot about this place in the past and wanted to check it out, so we decided to stop by before an appointment in the area one afternoon.  This time, we just bought drinks, as we're mostly GF.
The drinks were a bit on the pricey side for bubble tea, but they tasted great!  We ordered two more fruity-type teas, and unlike the teas from other places, you can really taste the tea!
One thing to note is that their sugar levels are perhaps more accurate, so 30% sugar (the lowest above 0) is pretty muted on sweetness.  Having gotten a bit used to another chain where 30% sugar is still quite sweet, that was a bit of a change from expectations.  That said, we'd quite likely come back for more tea, and I'm very tempted by the banh mis!I just want to say... This place has the best banh mi, I have ever eaten. In all the selections I tried (original + lemon grass pork): 1) veggies are fresh and crisp 2) bread is awesome! 3) each protein is characteristically flavorful and cooked to perfection and very generously portioned.
Go to post long-run meal!Was really really really good and the service was awesome. Had a little delay with grub hub and the person who answered the phone took really good care of me. 
But seriously- we never had Bahn mi and I've always wanted to try it but was scared i wouldn't like it. I was wrong. It was delicious.Stopped in today for a bubble tea and a classic Banh mi. 
I've tried their purple bubble tea, (tasty but too sweet for me) and their mango coconut bubble tea ( loved it).  The sandwiches were fine. Not the best I've ever had but not also not bad. I felt like the sandwich was a little dry and need like a little something. 
On a different note, they have done an excellent job of following covid safety precautions so definitely a big plus in my book.Mi n' Tea is amazing. The banh mi is always delicious and filling. The boba is essentially perfect, the right amount of chewy and the tapioca pearls never clump together. My favorite is the green thai tea boba. It's actually becoming a running joke because my significant other lives in LA, so he's been searching for a boba place to rival this one but hasn't found it yet. Every time he visits, we grab boba from here.Savory meat, crispy crunch of the bread, fresh light veggies, zing of the spicy mayo and jalapeño- this is why I love banh mi. 
First time I ordered from here there was a bit of a confusion but instead of rushing to leave a negative review I wanted to give this place a shot. Kim reached out to me personally and the restaurant worked hard to make up for the misunderstanding. 
I'm a business owner myself and I know mistakes happen but I appreciate and acknowledge the integrity and dedication to make things right. With that said, the coffee hit the spot and the banh mi is delicious here. I've had crispy shrimp and crispy shrimp so far and both were wonderful. 
Give this place a shot folks. As far as sandwiches go, I can't see how anyone WOULDN'T like one of these.Just got mi n tea for the first time- honey chicken bahn mi and feelin peachy tea are soooooo good! You can tell they really care about the food they serve.So now that we were introduced to Manayunk..bubble tea and banh mi's!  At Mi n tea.  Owner was super, duper nice and accommodated us picking up at 6:20 when they close at 6.  We have not tried the drinks (saving them for tmw since they are teas).  Hands down the best Banh mi's I have ever had - bbq pork, fried shrimp, and chicken cutlet.  Seriously, amazing!!!A great addition the Main St! No longer a need to drive to Chinatown or West Philly for banh mis! They unfortunately had their grand opening during a global pandemic but they appear to have taken appropriate measures to ensure employee and customer safety. 
We ordered online (super easy) and went to pick up. I would say we had a small hiccup in our order (order wasn't ready when we arrived, and by the time we got back home we realized we were missing a hoagie so had to go back and wait for it to be made. Basically ended up taking one whole hour just to get our food back home), but the order was easily fixed. 
As for the food, I am in no way used to paying $9-12 for banh mis, but with the price comes much better quality! Bread is freshly made, meat is nice and chunky, and veggies are fresh! We ordered 4 different banh mis and 3 drinks. Honestly, they were all great, but lemongrass pork was my favorite!  We also ordered the Getting Fancy filet mignon, which was quite tender, but since the whole pickup took an hour, it was quite soggy by the time we got to eat it. 
Will definitely be returning!I first visited Mi 'N Tea for a Yelp event about a year ago, and I thought it was great!  When I was in the area for a doctor's appointment last week, I thought it was the perfect time to swing by again for lunch.
I ordered:
-Thai Sunset:  This was thai tea, cream, and cold foam, and it was DELICIOUS.  I added boba which in hindsight I don't really think it needed.  I usually ask for teas half sweet but it slipped my mind while I was ordering.  I actually thought it was great as-is though.  It was definitely very sweet and creamy, but it made for a nice treat.
-Viet Pork Skewers banh mi:  This was another home run.  The sandwich is pretty big and I was already getting full after the first half, but I kept eating it until I was done the whole thing because it was so good!  When you first unwrap the sandwich, it may look like it doesn't have that much filling, but that's just because the toppings are stuffed inside and the bread has an overhang.  If you look at the cross-section you will see there is plenty of goodness inside!
-Taro Fries:  I love taro and I don't see it available much near me, so it was a no-brainer to add these fries on.  They were hot and crisp.  One thing I will say is that it seemed like the coating had a little sugar in it which I could have done without, but it was balanced out by dipping in the side of spicy mayo.  Note you could also get spicy kethcup instead of mayo if you prefered.
Service was great - everyone was really nice and they brought my tea out first while I was waiting for the rest of my order.  I definitely recommened Mi 'N Tea and hope to be back soon!