I was impressed with Midtown Diner II the first few times I went. I walked in expecting your stereotypical diner; however, it is much more than that. Their menu has so much to offer including daily specials. Several times I would get the eggplant parm special which included soup, salad, eggplant parm with pasta, bread and dessert for less than $10. It's a good thing they allowed to go boxes with their specials! I liked its location as well. It's nice to know you can find affordable places to eat near Rittenhouse Square.If you like old school diners with original decor, equipment and possibly waitresses ...then here you go. No theme just noises from the kitchen and forks heating plates. I had breakfast which was good for the price with minimal portions. All-in-all not a bad place, but keep in mind...it's diner food.By far some of the worst food I have had in a very long time ! Asked for a patty melt and got a very small piece of meat that covered less than 75% of the bread with even less cheese. Oh and grilled onions ha. There were maybe five little fragments of barely grilled onions. The most pathetic idea of a patty melt I have run into in a place that calls itself a "diner".The only time I hit up this diner is after a late night of whatever, and I wreck any diet I'm currently on by consuming mountains of greasy, ill-advised food. But what is better after a late night of whatever than mountains of greasy, ill-advised food? 
This place serves a purpose, and serves it well. Plus, the staff is always jovial, smiling and cheefully puts up with whatever walks through the door.This place is outstanding. We had a complete meal with soup, salad, wonderful ham dinner, beverage, veggies and dessert for $12. Really wonderful food. Highly recommend.Midtown is your run of the mill diner. You've got your veteran waitresses that have seen it all, and breakfast food that was pretty good, but the amount we paid for it didn't line up with how small our portion sizes were. My friend ordered a side of bacon, 3.00, to beef up his meal, and received two wafer thin pieces of bacon that had already gone cold. My breakfast sandwich was tasty, but again small. 
Don't know that I'll go back, but it's also by far not the worst diner I've been in.Old school place with great service by Tom at the front. He is amazing! The time just stopped here. It is so unique! This is dinner food - huge variety - a gem in the neighborhoodAlways a staple when in downtown Philly. Consistent quality and portion size. Good value. Worth the visit.So I went here with a super upset stomach after a night of terrible drinking. My mom always told me that creamed chip beef was terrific for hangovers, and she was right. This place is slightly hidden but I am so happy I found it. It was a little after 11, but they still had cream chipped beef and the manager said even if they didn't have it, they would make some just for me since I appeared so desperate.
Since I already had my own ginger ale pasted to my side I declined the drink offer from the waitress and my food came, which was wonderful. It was terrific, needed some butter but I am a butter fiend so this is a typical need for me. 
 It literally CURED my hangover, and I was forever grateful to this restaurant, despite its lackluster 80s interior. The staff was fairly decent too.I'm always happy with what I order, and the staff is great. Most of the ladies working there have been there for 20 plus years.no yellow mustard? wtf is this north jersey?? I don't really have anything else to say.. but I will comment on the slow ass service, when the place was damn near empty at 4am.. and the non cheese ( mushroom & CHEESE) omelet I ordered, and the mound of butter on the toast I specifically asked to not be buttered.... all of that I could move past.. if you only had yellow mustard.. *sigh*I love this place. It is a favorite of mine for lunch and late night empty stomaches. The ladies that work here are awesome. They have been here for years. I am a creature of habit. I normally get a short stack and turkey bacon.The Midtown III is what it is, a greasy-spoon kind of diner, and for an inexpensive no-nonsense breakfast, that's what I wanted.  The cheese omelet was well cooked, the shredded potatoes were just the right blend of crispy and not and the toast - finally! - was hot enough to melt the butter.  The staff is what you'd expect as well - old-school diner staff that call you "honey" but may or may not smile.  So, for diner breakfasts, I'll be back. If you want brunch, this ain't it ... move along.This is a 24-hour diner with original design and counter-tops apparently unchanged since they opened in the 60's (although everything is clean and well-maintained), plus an adjacent small dive bar. The bar doesn't do cocktails or mixed drinks, just beer or booze with soda or tonic at the most. Waitresses are old-school and grizzled, they've seen it all, still do everything by paper tickets, cooks know how to make eggs right, and everything comes out fast.This place gets a 4 Star for being a bare bones 1970s style cocktail lounge. You literally can't go wrong with that. The bartender was about 115 years old, and talked about the Eagles and the fact I'm a New York sports fan. Usually those things don't mesh but he was 100 so I'm cool with that. And a whiskey sour and Bud light lime bottle were TEN BUCKS. There's an adjacent diner, and i believe you can order food here but the kitchen is literally next door. No pretense here. Awesome!Not a review of the food which I expect is run of the mill diner stuff!
Ended up here recently while wasted after a long night out, and my party and I didn't even get to touch our food before a friend got sick, but that's pretty much why I'm writing because the staff was so NICE about it. Any other place would've kicked us to the curb. Don't know your names, can't remember the one bite I had of my waffle, and probably won't come by much after that, but I'll always remember the staff's hospitality. Still have those free saltine crackers that they gave us in my jacket pocket.
I'm not telling anyone to go in here and toss their cookies, but accidents happen.Wow, I missed Midtown!!!
Inexpensive breakfast, fantastic service (by local standards) and everything you need to start your day. GF and I went right from the Airport to Midtown III...
If you don't know, go!!!The good first: This place is never closed.  You can appreciate this when you're leaving a bar in Rittenhouse and your f-ing starving and it's freezing outside.  You pop in and get a burger...
Not the best food on earth, obviously, but what do you really expect.  When you sit down, you could probably order without a menu because you already know what it's going to be: diner food.
Burger: worst I've had in awhile.  Fries: not good.  Milk shake: okay, but I was hoping it'd be better for being an old school diner.
Service: pretty slow, but I don't hold that against them as they were pretty freaking busy for it being 3:00am.
At any rate, if I'm wasted and in the area again, I may look for another restaurant first, but if I can't find one, what the hell.  I'll brave it again.I come here every so often cause it's never busy, and it's fast. super fast. and 24 hours.  
but the food, meh. it is what it is...diner food. and certainly not the best. but there's not much else you can get in the way of pancakes late at night in center city other than little Petes which is smaller and a little overcrowded at times.
prices are ...ok. $6.35 for 3 pancakes and 2 eggs. guess that's pretty normal.
the wait staff is nice enough, they don intentionally rush you. they give you your food so fast and then hand you the bill like they need a fast turnover and really...like i said it's never busy in here.This was the first time I'd been, and right off the bat i was very impressed with how put together and sparkling clean the place is! and the menu is huge, so whatever you're in the mood for, they've got it. They had awesome golden crispy hot hashbrowns (a favorite for me), and I got a gyro omelet that was stuffed with meat! no skimping on the servings here! Had a great time and will be back.Stumbled into my kitchen this morning at around 11am. 
Thought to myself, "why is there a can of Red bull in my sink and a half empty bottle of Jack on my counter?"
Decided it was probably a good idea to eat something and stave off my rising hangover / headache. But why wasn't I hungry? 
Oh yeah, because I had french toast and eggs at 3 in the morning at the Midtown Diner! Thank you, Midtown for a very early breakfast!
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 3
Decor: 1
Service: 3
Wild card: I generally only remember 50% of my experiences here...I sat there for 20 minutes and not one waitress, which weren't even close to being busy, approached me to ask what I wanted. They didn't even ask me if I wanted coffee or something to drink. Unbelievable for a place that wasn't busy at all. Hence why ! I ended up leaving. A waste of time. If you want your business to be unappreciated then go to Midtown III Restaurant/Diner.The ladies that work in this place are Angels in every sense of the word, and the food is good home cooked style food.
We got stranded in Philly one night due to a parking garage losing our car. We walked for a while looking for a place that wasn't too pricey that would allow us to sit and wait for our ride that was coming from 3 hours away. The late evening shift took us in, fed us good food and let  us stay until our ride arrived. Our group had an array of breakfast items, salads and burgers, then dessert. All was very tasty. They also have a bar side separated by a wall, but we did not partake, however the music was nice and it sounded like a good crowd. We'll go back in a heartbeat if we're ever in the area and in need of reasonably priced, tasty food and very nice staff.It's a diner.  
The service is what it should be for a diner. I ordered an omelette (what you should order at a diner).  The omelette was a good diner omelette. 
I'm really trying to think of a creative review - but it's a diner.  They're all the same.All those snooty servers out there outta be ashamed, I love the place and service. Food hasn't disappointed me yet for a diner meal. My man & I usually drop in there late at night and always have a good time. It's homey and makes me feel like I could sit there for hours drinking coffee writing stories about the people there with their hilarious and mundane conversations. The bar is very much a Bukowski spot. 
 Right on all you sweet lady servers, you kick ass.No one should be surprised that an old-school diner is just that - a diner.  You know you'll get OK eats served quick and no-nonsense about it.  
Just what I expected when I went there for a Saturday breakfast before sallying forth on a day of sight seeing in Philly.  
Eggs and hashbrowns just fine, and I tried the Scrapple just because...Oh Midtown III. You're my favorite late night dining spot in center city.  After a night of boozing with work rapidly approaching, you fill my belly with sustanance so I dont show up for work still drunk.  You're food is average at best but average is all I expect when i'm hammered at 3 in the morning.  You're servers are ancient  yet helpful.  You're location is convienent and you're establishment is clean enough.
Thanks for being you.The Midtown Diner is reminiscent of all of the terrible times that Philadelphia went through in the 70s and 80s. As you're inside, eating their frozen food and staring at the extremely dated, but not charming decor, it's hard not to imagine driving away in your 1980 Ford LTD while passing by Philadelphia's Rizzo-era hookers, abandoned cars and drug addicts. There are restaurants in our city that have aged well, keeping mostly the same, with the same great food. The Midtown Diner isn't one of them. Last night I had the pleasure of having their chicken tenders, only to find out they decided not to fully cook them. After showing the waitress my raw chicken, she took the chicken back to the kitchen and subsequently brought the same (previously raw) chicken tenders back out on the same plate. She was clearly confused at my disgust, as if this were a regular occurrence at the Midtown and did not taken the chicken off the bill. As Philadelphians, we should shun Center City's sketchy 70s and 80s, embrace our new restaurants, enjoy our newly gentrified city and finally let the Midtown go.Midtown III was our last hope of finding a decent 24 hour spot in Center City. 
We arrived around 3 a.m.on a weeknight and were of course seated right away. There were only a couple of other people there. The decor is incredibly dated and the booths are small, but at least the place was clean.
I had an incredibly bland tuna melt with potato chips and a sliver of pickle. The boyfriend had fish and chips that tasted like they were cooked from frozen. The cherry coke was made with real cherry syrup. 
To their credit, they have an extensive menu and probably there are a few items on there that don't suck. I guess if you're looking for a 24 hour diner this isn't an utter disappointment, but you'd be a moron to come here during normal hours when there are so many other places to choose from.I don't expect diner food to be particularly special but this place is gross. And the staff is so rude!- Within walking distance from my hotel (as well as other neighboring hotels) = check
- Friendly staff = check
- Serves breakfast any time of the day = check
- Good place for selective (a/k/a picky) eaters = check 
- Open 24/7 = check 
- 9-ish dinner on a Saturday night and not crowded (yet) = check
- Very reasonably price = check
This is one of those places I would definitely stumble upon if I were out on the town on a Saturday night and then got hungry for some breakfast-type grub at 3 AM. Man, those were the days. Food is decent and cheap, both good combinations already. I had the Western Omelet: ham, green peppers, and onion. Well, I substituted the ham with turkey sausage, and it was good. I haven't had them in awhile, but the hash browns that came with were damn tasty. The toast is not so bad. If you're not a butter-on-toast type person, you might want to say that beforehand. The four pieces of bread are pretty much dipped in butter...very gooey. Overall, this place is not a bad option if there are times where you are starving and lazy, it's late, and the other restaurants nearby are closed. They also offer carry-out...in case you're wondering.Midtown III is your typical late night diner. The food is good, as far as diner food goes. Though the restaurant is a 3-star in my mind, I've upgraded it to a 4-star because of the convenience of this type of place staying open so late.
I came here once a couple months back (after a night of partying / drinking, like the rest of the patrons) and was pleasantly surprised to be wisked right in and seated immediately. The place was so crowded but there seemed to be plenty of room for everyone! My party was greeted by a nice-enough waitress within a minute or two of being seated; our food arrived almost as quickly.
I don't know that Midtown III would be my first choice for breakfast/lunch as there are so many other great choices in Center City, but for those late nights when diner food comes calling-- this is where you should go.This place is disgusting.  I orderd and when i looked back at the kitchen i saw the chef smoking.  What a nasty establishment.  I know it's a diner and not a 5 star restaurant but why would you be in a kitchen with a cigarette hanging from your mouth..smh.  I would suggest you eat somewhere else late night.Went to the Midtown III on 7/28/16 with a friend before going to see the Abfab movie. We got to the diner around 11:15am. Seated ourselves promptly and the server Nicole was there within two minutes with menus and a smile. She appeared to be busy getting a lot of food out of the kitchen as we came in but she did not bring any stress or strain to the table with her. Just a pleasant attitude and a smile. My friend and I took a couple of minutes to decide our orders while Nicole got water for us. My friend (also named Nicole!) had a hankering for a cheesesteak with french fries. I ordered breakfast for lunch, which I often do when I am in a diner-blueberry pancakes with two eggs topped with provolone cheese and a side of corned beef hash (Once-in-a-blue-moon red meat eater!). My friend ordered a large orange juice and I satisfied my own return to childhood with a strawberry milkshake. It came served in a tall glass with the metal shaker along with it filled with extra milkshake. It's like getting two shakes for the price of one. And I drank all of it. The sweet tartness of the milk and the strawberry flavor worked well with the tangy/saltiness/creaminess of the pancakes and the cheese eggs and corned beef hash. The cheesesteak was your straightforward classic chopped steak sandwich with lots of melted cheese on a firm-but-not-hard roll. My friend opted not to have fried onions on hers which seems like sacrilege to me, but that's just my own preference. The food came out in about ten minutes or so and we enjoyed it all very much. We thanked Nicole for a job well done and were out of the restaurant and on our way to the Ritz Five in less than a hour! So if you want good food at very reasonable prices and good service without a lot of attitude that you get in some places, I highly recommend the Midtown III on 18th Street near Chestnut. Thank you to Nicole and everyone who created our great dining experience. Well done!This is my little hideaway when I'm having a bad day. It may be typical diner fare but what it lacks in food it totally makes up in kitsch value. 
I mean, come on...the walls are decked out in orange and the booths are a myriad of 70s colors. I don't think it gets any better than that. I'm pretty sure the staff all know me by name and exactly what I'm going to order at any given point in the day.
My favorite waitress there is Betty. She is such a sweetheart and will carry on a conversation and give you awesome service, love her! 
They have a good breakfast...I usually order a lox, mushroom and cheese omelet which I devour. They also have really delicious onion rings.
Wouldn't suggest getting a burger here. Pretty gross. Stick to breakfast foods.
This is my favorite Midtown solely because of the staff. They are the sweetest bunch of ladies you'll meet. Ask for Betty!Stumbled in here late one night looking for grub. I expected/was looking forward to  your typical, greasy diner fare, but, UGH. I couldn't eat what I ordered, due to not being able to determine what animal it came from (side note: I'm NOT a picky eater, and especially not after drinks).  I'm pretty sure my friends wished they hadn't eaten theirs. It was nasty all round. The location is stellar, so there's that.Yum, diners.  Though this one isn't quite so yum, it's the best you can do in CC on a lunch hour as far as I can tell.
Pretty much everything is fried, comes from a can, etc., but somehow they make it work.  If you're veggie (not vegan) and not worried about your girlish or boyish figure, I suggest you come here simply for the fried zucchini or eggplant parmagian.  They also have some of the yummiest french fries in town.
p.s.  don't forget your handy wipe.  All that grease sticks to your face and makes you look like a teenager with an emerging acne problem.I have been going here for a few years.  The employees are friendly and courteous... We have had breakfast lunch and dinner on various occasion....always pleased ....food is good and service is fast....The owner should definitely commend his employees....I spent the week in Philly for a conference and there is absolutely no shortage of hip awesome restaurants around the Center City area.  However, if you are looking for something that is easy on the wallet and will transport you back to a simpler time- this is the place for you.  All the waitresses seemed to have worked there for decades and begin every sentence with sweetie, honey or baby- in a completely earnest way.  The food is not the best you'll ever have- it is a no frills diner, but I ate here 4 times in 4 days for breakfast, dinner and way late night after bar food and it was always good.  If you want to take the night off from haute cuisine, spend it here- you'll get some great people watching as well.I've been here both when sober and inebriated and, each time, i think, you have to actually TRY to make food taste this bad, I've had better food in public school cafeterias.
In terms of quality of food, this place holds the title of worst i've ever had in PhillyAfter hearing great reviews from friends we decided to try out this local dive...... Much to our disappointment we would not return to this much loved place. If you are hoping for amazing diner coffee, perfect griddle eggs, and quirky diner hospitality.... Please keep walking to find another place as you will not find any of the above at Midtown III. However if you're looking to get breakfast that you can "choke" down because its cheap.... Well than my friend you have found your spot to eat.... LolIt was lateish, liquor stores were closed, but we were ready for hotel room shenanigans. What to do?! According to one of the local barkeeps, hit up Midtown III's skeezy side bar and buy a few 6packs to go. Yes, from the bar. So that's what we did. One part diner, one part dive bar: I'm surprised I didn't think of it. 
Buying your beers to go will cost you, but when you're desperate it's certainly worth it. Kind of like late night diner food, which... yeah, we went there. The very next night. In long gowns we descended like locusts on to this joint and they dealt with us handily. Admittedly the night was pretty hazy at this point, but I remember my chicken cheesesteak tasting as if it came from the hangover avoidance gods. And it worked.Slowest service ever. All the staff is moving slower than molasses. The entire restaurant is excrement out dated as if your grandfather created it. The employees are just as old and forgetful. It took us 3 times to remind the server of a diet come before we got one.  The food is not good and if your willing to wait 30 minutes then please do. The Buffalo wings have no spice.Local diner/bar in Center City.  Good, cheap comfort food and booze.  Great conversation, welcoming staff and crowd.Went on Saturday morning and the place was empty, our waitress was funny and polite. 
During Sunday's "breakfast rush" it was probably the worst service and food I've had in a while. We got our toast when we got our check, a check we waited almost 20 minutes for. We had to borrow syrup from the table next to us. We also got our eggs before we received water glasses.On a warm February night when the trendy bars are all packed to the brim, the Midtown 3 is a comfortable reprieve from the madness. You can still get a solid domestic beer but the bonus is a solid short stack of pancakes that cost in the single digits. It's a great spot for lunch too; yes they serve breakfast all the time.We were on a search for scrapple. We didn't know what it was, but we were told it was the thing to try. So I Yelp searched 'scrapple' and came up with Midtown. I figured we would be in for one of those 24 hour diner spots and therefore had low expectations. We walked in and every table was empty being that it was early afternoon, but there were two ladies working who let us sit wherever we liked. It sounded like a pretty bangin' party in the connecting next door bar.
What the f* is scrapple? pork 'mush' mixed with cornmeal that is deep fried. Served mostly as a breakfast side. We asked our server how the scrapple is. She kinda looked at us like "uh, it's scrapple" for a second, but then realized we weren't from the area and proceeded to explain. She didn't make it sound like it was her favorite meal ever so again our expectations were set low. 
The scrapple and eggs: The eggs were cooked perfectly sunny side up. Scrapple reminded me of spam or vienna sausage because of the texture of the meat and the probable high salt content. For many people, spam or vienna sausage is off-putting, but for me both are a staple in my childhood breakfasts. Therefore I didn't mind it too much. I think scrapple would be good in two places: 1) hangover food 2) in a can next to the spam in my pantry 
I came for scrapple, I tried it, and now I know. As for Midtown, it's a simple diner that serves diner food. Don't expect a whole lot. PS I'm pretty sure I typed the word scrapple in this review way too many times. It's just one of those funny words to say/type.Sometimes you just need to cut the bullshit and go for the cheap, plain breakfast. You don't want cereal, you don't want to cook something, yet you don't want to comb your hair or change out of the shirt you passed out in. 
If you're in no condition to deal with the well-groomed brunch crowd (with their incessant stares) at one of the countless spots around town where everyone swears up and down that "this is the best place for hangover omelets" yet no one appears visibly hung over, Midtown is your salvation.
The food is average, the service straightforward and oftentimes accurate. The dining experience is usually heightened by the late morning ambiance (most recently the background noise of a one sided argument from a guy on the phone with his bookie, with odd Valentine's Day decorations on the wall - Who's asking to be kissed, hugged and loved, the waitresses?). It just feels right as you swallow your eggs in a half stupor.
If you're feeling adventurous give the gyro omelet a try. Add feta, tzatziki or hot sauce if your stomach can handle it, otherwise stick with the plain old egg and meat. And when you get home brush your teeth, wash that blood off your face, and sleep it off.Don't bother comparing the Midtown to Honeys, or Sabrinas, or Morning Glory.  It's not the same kind of place by a stretch and that's a good thing.  I've eaten many meals here, both late night and regular hours, and I've never been less than satisfied.  The food is average diner fare and the decor is un-ironically tacky, but the service is always great and sometimes even crosses into caring.  What more do you want from a diner?This is going to be a pretty straight forward review. This is a diner. It makes great breakfast diner food. All the little old ladies working there are hysterical. I was laughing as they argued with each other. It is fast and cheap. Just what you want out of a diner for breakfast on weekends after being out drinking the night before. I will be back.WHEN WILL THE ANNOYING WAITRESSES STOP COMPLAINING. five years i have stopped into the place. and all i ever here is Racist ass bullshit outta the old maids who work here. Shame this company doesnt require name tags. Id name all the old souffilly nags who bring the diner experience down. No wonder we go to jersey for a good diner. WE DONT HAVE TO HEAR RACIST COMPLAINING. I hope a manager sees this. End the diner dismal swamp. Drain Philly in favor of young energetic and fun people. end the bullshit status quo and fire em. they're terrible. and RACIST.Giving four stars due to the fact that there is barely a smile or kind word throughout the experience-or else it would've been five stars. If you are looking for a delicious reasonably priced breakfast with good coffee, and are not looking for hugs and smiles-then this is your place!There's no charm or hospitality here, no atmosphere, but one can find a cheap, decent breakfast in an expensive area of Philly.  I would return, if only to watch the waitresses ignoring the lines of people waiting to be sat.  Tip- eat at the bar, seems like we got faster service that way.My original tip, that I wrote when I was drunk, remains....what are we doing here? We originally went to Continental because we were craving cheese steak egg rolls but they stopped serving food!...so some how we ventured next door to Midtown.
I often think about how everything closes up fairly early in Philly. Trying to get a good slice of pizza after 10pm on a week night is surprisingly hard to do. So when you find an all night diner I guess you have to take what you can get. 
So in conclusion, its a diner people! Go there at 3am, get disco fries, be nice to the servers who have to put up with you, leave as small of a drunken mess as possible, wake up the next day and think...what were we doing there?!This was an awesome place for breakfast. Great friendly service and it fit my college budget perfectly. I got the midtown 3 special and it was a good amount of food. Also, when I was in here I overheard that someone picked up the check of an elderly couple. Great community feel.I love how old school this place is. From the decor to the menu, this is an old fashioned diner and I love that it still exists. The servings were a little small; my grilled cheese and tomato was about four bites. But the waitress was so friendly it almost didn't matter.Typical diner food - the waitresses are adorable, sweet and caring.  I order from there at least twice a week, always for pickup as I work across the street.  
Don't order the crabcakes - I learned my lesson! $14.95 and the rice pudding was the best part of the meal.
They have a great corned beef/pastrami double decker you should try.  A bit skimpy on the meat, but that's just my opinion.
You can definitely find something there to fill you up for $10 or less.  Try asking for their specials as they change daily.  
If you are sitting down there, it's a great place to chill out and enjoy your dinner.  Nice people and a great atmosphere all around.This is a great, no-nonsense diner with classic food and great prices. They even have Moosehead beer, which is a huge draw.  Keep this landmark open- especially for beers starting at $3.25 and eggplant at $1.95The only reason I've been here a few times is because where else am I gonna go hungry and still drunk super late at night?  So I heard this was one of several Midtown restaurants but I arrived in Philly shortly after the one on Chestnut had closed (which is now El Rey!).  I can understand why.  This diner does not hold a candle to the ones I used to go to in northeastern New Jersey or Manhattan where it wasn't just greasy, sketchy looking overpriced food, it was actually tasty!  My bf loves pancakes so he's gotten those here--I can make better Aunt Jemima mix-pancakes than these.  I've had the pastrami sandwich with mystery meat, I'll stick to Famous Fourth Street when they're open.  And what kind of place serves potato chips out of a bag on your plate instead of fries?!  Booooo.  Also, the waitresses are sassy but nothing new there about late night diner staff.  The eggs are safe to go with but still pretty tasteless.  I've tried various omelettes, they just do the job of filling you up.  Like the other reviews have said, the service is fast, but overall, I'm sad that this is one of the handful of places open super late at night in Philly.I stopped in for breakfast while I was in town on business. Typical diner food (not an insult). I had a ham and cheese omelet with a side of sausage. The sausage was great, the omelet was ok, as were the potatoes.If you walk in Midtown III at 3 am wearing  a tiara and a bathrobe followed by friends in various states of undress, with can beer stuffed pockets. Order four cheese steaks and fries, they will not blink an eye. 
If you return in the morning for eggs and scrapple, no judgement. 
Midtown III : No frills, no fuss, No questions asked.Hi ..I was there a few days ago....I looked at the menu and ordered...when i got my bill it was a totally different price....i inquired about it and the waitress told me that she would of recommended the cheaper price with more food but people always says they have Money...so i than changed my order and when my new bill  came it was $15.90 ...for a pancake platter....really
..ihop is cheaper than than....the little oldddddd waitress was really nasty when i asked for the menu again...she needs to retire...she is set in her ways..she told me she knows how to read...inquiring that the price was correct.....I will never go back to this place ever again...i wonder y my coworker dnt go there...now i see y....ps the owner called my job the next day complaining and said i was rude and threw the menu ..and they wanted they money....really...smh.. so they lie as well to...NEVER AGAINIt's great to find a spot that has turkey sausage and turkey bacon. Food came out hot and good! Can't go wrong getting breakfast here.my biggest complaint about Philadelphia besides the insane murder count is the lack of quality late night diners. Exhibit A in my case- Midtown- is a sorry excuse of a diner that somehow manages to have a few establishments throughout our fair city.  Service is OK but the food is comparable to a high school cafeteria. Michael Nutter should pass a law requiring Honey's to open 24 hour locations throughout PhiladelphiaCocktail Lounge Side:
Forgot about PA's archaic liquor laws until my recent visit, when I walked all around downtown at 7:00pm on a Sunday looking for beer or wine.  I used to live in Philly in 1995 and I thought the laws would have been change since then.  
Anyway, I finally remembered the "take-out" beer thing and went to this place.  I was in and out very quickly. Of course there was a little back-and-forth from the drunk regulars inside (who else would be there at 7:00pm on a Sunday), but it was all in good humor.  
Restaurant Side:
The next day, my conference buddies were looking for a nice quick greasy-spoon breakfast and I suggested this place.  Midtown III is the epitome of an old school urban diner. The welcome was warm and the service was very attentive and friendly. The food was well-prepared, well-presented and well-seasoned.  This is your go-to place for a hearty affordable American breakfast (though they were out of Scrapple that day :-)I came here again with my friend and I had a glass of Rose wine, which was ok, then I had a dinner special which was pretty good, included was the soup, salad, entree and vegetable choices and a choice of different dessert options, which did not include pie or cake selections so I paid the extra few $ for a slice of chocolate coconut cake which was the best part of the meal.  It's nice that they serve wine here, it's not expensive but the wine is decent quality.  The waitresses are always polite and helpful too which is nice because some waitstaff at other restaurants have a bit of an attitude.  I'll come back!Been here a couple times.They were even open on Christmas! They are always affordable and it's by Rittenhouse Square. If you are looking for that small town diner feel, this is the place!In an area where most places are fancier and more expensive, Midtown III is the homey 24/7 diner you are probably looking for. The food is decent, prices cheap, and service welcoming. Come to relax.I walked into the "cocktail" door at this establishment, on the cocktail end I stayed. I at no food, for it the whole place certainly has a diner-tastic feel. The clientelle was diverse, the beer prompt, and we watched a little of the Phillies came on the tv. I'd like to come back some time for some late night eats (and hopefully a + update). I hear they have delicious fried spaghetti!Let's start with the service, I felt like I was watching a side show on Coney Island. While our waitress was polite, and kept referring to us as "honey", the other waitresses left a lot to be desired when it came to the service. This place seemed to be popular with tourists, and most of them understandably did not speak very good English. However, there is absolutely no reason to be rude and abrupt towards a paying costumer who is having trouble understanding the menu or relating what they would like to order. Just because a costumer is an out of tower and is not coming back to your establishment, it does not mean that they should not be treated well. Also the waitresses were fighting among themselves. After feeling like I was in a scene of a bad 80's movie, we decided to skip this place the next morning and take our money where all costumers are appreciated. While, the good was okay, the place is not that cheap, and we got a much better experience elsewhere for a few extra dollars.Worst service ever, no refills, didn't get our orders right, still haven't gotten my fries, and I loved it!  Granted, it was 3am after a night of boozing.
For some reason, we were seated quickly and our waitress "Flo" (possibly named "Alice") brought me the mayo for my chicken sandwich when I asked.  I'm sure I got more than mayo if you know what I mean...  Actually, she may have had the bottle in her hair.
"Flo" must own the place because she is the worst waitress on the block, but she took it all in stride.  At least we didn't throw sugar at her like one table did.
Definitely the place to go before heading to bed at the Crowne Plaza.Midtown, oh Midtown. You perfectly soak up imbibed martinis, and offer some respite from the frightening crowd at Continental. Your waitress is the sweetest thing, keeping water and coffee on my table and never rushing me. Your omelets are standard, but extra cheese does wonders. And your decor transports me to the 70's in seconds. Honey, I might love you.This is a straight up cheap, greasy 24 hour diner that just so happens to have a liquor license. Midtown is complete with apathetic waitresses who've been working here for generations (check out the photos up by the register.)
When it's 3am and you're starving, Midtown is like a bright and shiny, (insanely bright it seems like sometimes) beacon of greasy fooded hope. I only get breakfast food or the veggie burger (which actually is pretty good, except it comes with a tiny bag of generic potato chips instead of fries) but it's always worked for me.
When the bars close you'll find giggly goth kids, exclaiming queens, drunk girls in impossibly high heels and thugy dudes have all emptied out of their respective parties into this place for some sloppy sustenance. Yeah it says "cocktail lounge" but I don't know anyone who comes here as a drinking hangout. (Though it is pretty cool to be able to get alcohol with breakfast food.)
If you're expecting over-the-top friendly service, or gourmet food- don't. But if you want a cheap solid meal from a no-nonsense waitress any hour of the day, go to Midtown.Had a delicious bagel and lox here. There eggs looked great too. Overall - pretty standard dinner. I love breakfast foods and this place is great for that. They have a very friendly staff. It doesnt seem the cleanest and definitely is dated in look even for a diner, but it is a great greasy breakfast food hub. And they are open 24/7. I havent been but am dying to go at 3 am sometime!My 1 piece of advice don't EVER, EVER , EVER order from here via the Online Menu at Menupages.com.. YEAHHHH you'll end up with something you weren't expecting. The 2 ladies(mother and daughter) in there are REALLY nice but this 1 time I was disappointed. I ordered the sampler via the menu I saw with 3 wings, 3 mozzarella sticks, 3 chicken fingers and FRENCH FRIES..What I ended up with was 2 wings, 2 mozzarella sticks, 1 chicken finger and 1 ONION RING for $8.95..WHAT a RIPOFF. This tasted like the cook was PISSED that they even had to DO ANYTHING at this hour. WOMP WOMP WOMP big let down and now I will think TWICE before going back to this place for late night eats..It feels like Cheers...where people know your name. The food and the alcohol choice may not be the best bit if you want to hang out at a "local bar" atmosphere,  this is the place.Lunch specials are the best. Pies are delicious. Bread pudding is awesome.Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak with extra meat, green peppers, and onions with a side of mozzarella sticks is the staple at the end of a long night of drinking.  Even though I wake up the next day with a stomach ache (combination of drinking and the food?) I find myself coming back here every time I go out. The staff is very nice and courteous.    The food is great, under these circumstances, but I cannot see myself coming back here during the day.Quick service and good diner prices are a plus...the only ones.
I counted 7 flies while sitting at the counter swarming around the toaster and coffee pots
The home fries were clumped together and only partly crispy, kind of like when you microwave something that was frozen just a few minutes before. The omelet was good. The toast was ice cold, they put it in the toaster the second you order, even if your eggs don't come out for 10 minutes.A convenient place to get your hangover breakfast after a night of drunken debauchery.  The waitresses are ancient, so it's like being served by your grandmother. They dart from table to table with trays of food, stepping around hungry patrons waiting for a seat. The place is so old and dated, but the service is fast and the food is inexpensive. 
Tip: Try the Lox Omelet and wash it down with a nice glass of water or orange juice.