I found out about this place on Yelp, just looking for a good bbq place. It is everything you can read about here! Good rubs, good flavor and just plain good to go and try!Great new addition to the Passyunk Ave corridor (note that it's a couple blocks off the Avenue, down 11th). I've tried most of the sandwiches on the menu, at this point. I'd say my favorites are probably the pork sandwich and the brisket "cheesesteak". The first time I went, I got the Mac & Cheese side, but it ended up being a bit too heavy, along with a sandwich. The coleslaw that comes on the sandwiches is pretty good, so would likely make a good side along with meat that isn't in a sandwich (or with a sandwich, even). I haven't tried the banana pudding, but am dying to since it looks really good. I would recommend putting a good dose of the "Mike's BBQ" sauce on the meat. It's really good. Finally, make sure you go through the "receipt" process when paying, since it gives you the opportunity to sign up for the frequent customer rewards program (through the "Toast" payment system).Wow! My husband randomly brought this home for lunch today after walking past a few times. We were so pleasantly surprised! It was the best BBQ I have had in Philly by far. I got the ribs + cornbread, he got the Brisket sandwich, and we shared the Italian Mac and Cheese. Everything I tasted was better than the last. It's been forever since a new restaurant in the neighborhood impressed me so much. 
Only downside is now we both smell like a campfire. Worth it.Drove up from Delaware to check this place out. Definitely worth it!!! Will definitely keep coming back. Had: Brisket, wings, pulled pork, macaroni -- all 5 starsHands down the best BBQ that I've had in Philly. Brisket!!, Chicken!!, Pulled Pork, Ribs, Mac!!, Coleslaw!!, Cornbread!!, BBQ Sauce - All winners. All of the meats were moist with a good smokey flavor and went well with the BBQ sauce. The Carolina style slaw was spot on, and balanced the rich flavor from the meat. The cornbread had a nice crust with a slightly sweet flavor - good on its own or paired with any of the meat. And the mac and cheese - we should've ordered double! Go early, go often - a winner for sure!Absolutely amazing. My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch because after all 1lb of ribs is the perfect light lunch, right? Philadelphia definitely needed a no frills, fantastic BBQ place and this is it. I've had great southern BBQ and let's not forget Motown has some darn good BBQ too but this was fantastic. My husband ordered the brisket sandwich and I ordered the 1lb ribs, both with a side of cornbread. All of it was so delicious and we regret nothing. The only improvement would be maybe to have a BYOB option because I was definitely craving a beer during our meat utopia. Great addition to the neighborhood. I'm beyond excited to bring some of our friends here from out of town.Shockingly good BBQ in South Philly.  Literally everything is amazing.  If the Pulled Pork Italiano Sandwich is on the menu, get it.  I know, I know, you came for classic BBQ but you won't be disappointed!Mike's is knocking it out of the park! He knows how the brisket, ribs and sausage need to be smoked.I can't attest to the chicken, but we were full with the above. The Italian Mac n' Cheese was tons of cheese-great!
If you like BBQ, you won't be disappointed with the food. Come early, Mike's sells it and when it's gone, it's gone for that day.I love barbecue (the food group, not the cooking device). I'm particularly partial to Eastern North Carolina's whole hog barbecue, but also endure regular hankerings for Central Texas brisket and sausage.
Now I only have to travel as far as South Philly fot barbecue that can hang with the best smokehouses in the South and Southwest. Mike's BBQ at 11th and Morris smokes the best local pigs and chickens and best brisket over real wood behind its tiny storefront. In only its second week, seemingly evet James Beard award winning chef has dropped in to reaffirm what I knew at first glance - this is killer barbecue in our own Philly backyard.
So far, it's open Wednesday-Sunday noon to 5, or until they sell out. Come early; leave full. Credit cards accepted; beers appreciated. Bring friends.Holy hell this is good Q!  Had been following Mike's in IG which depicted some very appealing food.  Then I read about the brisket cheesesteak and I ventured over, from NJ, for lunch one day.  Damn that brisket was outstanding!  There are sauces, like most BBQ spots, but no sauce was necessary!  I looked at other plates around me and let me tell you, everything looked great. I've been craving that brisket since I ate it, 36 hours ago.  Damn that was good!
So I've returned here again. And this time I brought peeps.  Had the brisket, sausage, and ribs. Damn everything is so damn good!  Years ago I never liked ribs. Too dry, to fatty, not enough taste. Mike's ribs were as good as the brisket!  Everyone with me loved it too. And again, I'm craving Q from mikes.Went to try Mike's for the first time this afternoon on our wedding anniversary, toddler in tow. Had to stop 5 minutes into eating to write this review because it was so AMAZING!!! The ribs have the perfect smoke and seasoning. The brisket is so tender and juicy. The pork belly so wonderfully crispy and fatty. Let me tell you, my wife is not a fan of fatty meats, but she couldn't stop praising the pork belly!
The sauces are not really that needed, but I would definitely recommend the white sauce if you get a sandwich. 
oh almost forgot. The staff are pretty amazing here. They are so welcoming and all smiley. They gently encouraged out daughter with a piece of the pork belly. She was hesitant at first, then kept asking for more. Wonderful neighborly vibe, home-y, and absolutely delicious! Plus, easy street parking.
Banana Q pudding is also a must (sorry, not pictured).
Will definitely be back. highly recommend!You know what I love about Mike's?? Everything! Consistantcy in the preparation. Flavor personified. Ohhh God, I'm in love! Keep up the good work!!I dont know why this place does not have more reviews. The food was amazing!! I recommend everyone rating this place so more people can try out the food. We ordered full slab of ribs, coleslaw, chips, beans, pickles and pudding bread and everything was very tasty! Definitely recommend this place.. the only downsize (for people with babies) there is no changing table in the bathroom so make sure baby is changed before going there but they do have high chairs. Gave this place 5 stars but it deserves more stars... very clean, staff is very helpful. If you are in the area definitely check it out.Obsessed with this new bbq spot in passyunk square! The food is delicious and the staff is awesome. Especially love the brisket and chicken wings! Highly recommendReally great BBQ, served to you by some of the nicest people you will ever meet! Can't wait to pick up some more!!! Highly recommend the ribs, brisket and wings. Thank to Mike and his staff!!!Took us about an hour and a half to get here. Parking is a challenge, but the food is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! The ribs are to die for! They were tender with the right amount of dry seasoning. The potato salad was fresh with pieces of bacon in it. This is the 1st time Had this type of potato salad and will definitely get it again. I suggest you get here early to get a good parking and eat delicious bbq...will be coming back for sure and we live in Collingdale PaThis legit bbq. Having grown up in the south I have been kind of disappointed with the bbq in philly until this place opened. They will take advance take out orders. People are super friendly and everything we have tried has been awesome. Give them a shot!Add me to the 5 stars club. Went with my dad today. We both absolutely loved it. Did that thing where you look at your loved one while chewing, you raise your eyebrows and mumble  "it's good" with a mouth full of food. Had brisket and some sides.  I'm sure anything you order is great. Oh and Mike is cool as shit! Talking old Philly with my pops. So happy this is in my hood now. Thanks Mike and crew.Great Lil gem in south philly  best barbecue I had in a long time brisket pork ribs top notchMan,
This is good.
A little Spendy, but I'll be spending money here again. 
The Greens were great with the Vinegar sauce doused on top.
The Brisket, Pulled Pork, & Ribs were Right on!AWESOME!The only way to describe the food Mike's BBQ is cranking out fresh off the smoker. Make a point of a lunch time outing for the BEST BBQ IN PHILADELPHIA.The BBQ meats were very moist and tasty in the restaurant....the slaw wasn't all that good in my opinion...but their beans had a nice taste and a small spice kick. The Gouda Mac and cheese was okay....not bad but was lacking flavor. Overall for a BBQ joint they definitely had their main dish done right....tho the take out wasn't as good.... definitely tastes better in restaurant than for take out.
GO FOR THE BBQ - it's 5 STARS
SIDES was ok - so that got 3 STARSI've been to Mike's three or four times at this point. It's a small place, open for lunch, but often closes early when they're all sold out of bbq. Mikes is a genuine bbq joint with a huge smoker, traditional sides, and a limited menu. They have sandwiches, but everything else is a la carte. It's very much in the Texas bbq traditions with sweeter sauces and pickles and things. It is NOT bourgeois bbq though. It really can't be compared to Smokin' Betty's or Percy Street Bbq. Mike's lacks flash and upscale amenities. It's just a dude and a huge smoker grill. 
I'd say the brisket and ribs are probably the top menu items. The brisket cheesesteak is pretty amazing too. They're super friendly but ordering can be difficult due to the layout and size of the joint. It can also be annoying to dream of smoked ribs all day then get there to see that sad "sold out" sign. No beer or liquor either. 
Either way, I'm a fan and will definitely patronize the shit outta this place.I have been to some of the best bbq places in Texas, and this is just as good, maybe better. Brisket is second to none. Ribs and potato salad 5 stars. This place is a gem in Philadelphia and a must try if you even remotely like bbq.The BBQ was delicious! The ribs have a nice peppery taste. I also tried the bacon potato salad which was fantastic. The bacon potato salad was creamy and a little smoky. My husband ordered the smoked sausage stuffed with Gouda Mac and cheese. The food was served with a small amount of house made pickles. These pickles are not overly sour and they have a simi sweet after taste. 
The atmosphere is very small and seating is like first come first serve. They only serve bottled sodas  but it is a BYOB.Delicious BBQ done right served right.
Everyone working behind the counter all look happy and the entire restaurant smells like wonderful smokey meats and it's well air conditioned. So you can have a meat sweat comfortably. 
The brisket here is perfection, beautiful smoke ring and crust with a juicy melt in your mouth meaty center. I ordered the brisket cheesesteak, when in Philly, you gotta order a cheesesteak. All I can say is you have to try it for yourself, immediately.
I also had a order of the jerk wings which were supposedly spicy but it's not bad at all. So don't be afraid to order the jerk wings, they were amazing. 
Last but not least, I'm a big fan of the homemade chips, crisp potato chips which you can dip in BBQ sauce.Michael and his team are rocking out some tasty BBQ brisket and ribs. There was a line out the door when I arrived, the kitchen was efficient and had my order taken and completed with 15 minutes. Worth the effort to get some delicious BBQ.This spot was very extra kind to my toddler daughter and she was thrilled to enjoy a sample of macaroni and cheese and even some banana pudding dessert that was so decadent and delicious! Generous and yummy. Highly recommend and will be back again!OMG. This place is legit. Collards were among the best I've ever had. The sauces (esp. the vinegar pepper and this other white vinegar sauce) for pulled pork and brisket sandwich had me doing air kicks. The bbq meat was tender and flavorful. The slaw in the brisket sandwich was unmatched. I am incredibly pleased with this place and will be ordering on the regular.Great place to eat. People are super friendly and they treat you like family. Can't wait to go back.Being a Chiefs fan who lives in Philly, I regularly travel to KC (America's BBQ capitol) to watch games and eat a lot of BBQ. For the last 10yrs i have yet to have anything in this area that even holds a candle to the stuff in KC, until now. 
I've tried every notable BBQ place in this area and Mikes is far and away the best. It's not. even. close. I had the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. Sides i tried were greens, m&c, slaw, potato salad. Liked the slaw and salad most, greens left a little to be desired and m&c was just ok. 
Looking forward to trying some of the specials and other items on the menu over the next weeks and months. Consistency is key in BBQ, hoping these guys keep it up.Best bbq in town. Everything I've tried has been amazing. Ordered some chicken wings and collard greens for a party and everyone was raving about them! Also the cheesesteak is incredible. I feel so lucky that this place is right around the corner from me!I'll say that perhaps our experience was hindered by the fact we came here for dinner and not lunch, but then I'd say, don't come here for dinner. We were aware that the food options may be more limited to the end of the day but we were so excited to try the place we didn't care.
When we arrived, there was a worker ( possibly the owner) sitting at a table across from two diners who greeted us with, "not much left". Not the greatest way to bring in two new customers. But we went to see what was available despite. Only two options when we arrived so we got so pulled pork sandwiches. The meat was not very tasty and the chips were seasoned with a faint BBQ taste but not enough to be sure what was going on with the chip. There also wasn't much meat on the sandwich. It wasn't expensive but not cheap and we were extremely disappointed. Frankly, I'd rather have Bull's BBQ down at the ballpark. Not quite sure what the hype is here. Also, no follow-up from anyone on how the food was. No one spoke to us even though we ate in house.First customer of the day and this place didn't disappoint.  Had the brisket, wings, Mac and cheese, slaw and water.  Tried two of the bbq sauces and they were great too.  Highly recommend this place.I'll be returning. I had the pork Italian style sandwich. Which came with chips. They do collars greens really well. Yummy. A half rack of ribs and an order of baked beans. I made a special trip to try the food. And It was all very good. And I found parking at the door. It was meant to be!So I made a big mistake by getting take out from Mike's.  The mistake is that I had to drive almost 45 minutes back to NJ with all this food.  The smell was awesome and I continued to salivate the entire way home.  The homemade chips didn't not survive the ride. Thank God for the chips that came with the pullled pork sandwich - my wife found them just as tasty.   Besides the sandwich I also ordered ribs, wings, coleslaw and corn bread. They were sold out of the Italian Style Mac & Cheese. 
This past August I was schooled on "barbecuing" in Nashville by my buddy from Kentucky.  I thought the food was good there.  Mike puts their food to shame.  Mike's food was AWSOME!  The smokey flavor was spot on!  And it was remarkably tender and moist!  Everything that we ordered was perfect. The homemade Mike's sauces were a perfect compliment. I'll be going back for more!By far the best BBQ I've ever had!! Been to the south and even they don't do it as good. Staff is fantastic, food is the bomb. If you're a foodie you've gotta check this place out. Brisket and ribs are a must!! The sausage is also pretty banging! There's literally nothing bad I can say about Mike's BBQ.Great food, BBQ done right with passionate helpful staff.  The brisket Cheese steak is a must try.This place is incredible! The brisket cheese steak is second to none and I can't stop dreaming of the pulled pork sandwiches. These guys do homemade sausages too- looking forward to trying them. What a great addition to the neighborhood and the people who work there are incredibly friendly! Looking forward to coming here weekly.The chicken is out of this world. Moist delicious and the rub is to die for. Brisket was amazing. Ribs are phenomenal. All the sides were delicious too.I came to Mikes after a long morning of errands, pumped to check out a new bbq spot. I will say, I go to the made in America rib cook off every year, so I'm a huge rib fan and so of course I got ribs. I can't comment on the brisket cheese steak beyond what I saw with my own two eyes when others ordered it (lots of cheese, decent roll, onions on top). But back to the ribs, the spice rub on the ribs I got was good, spicy and peppery. The assortment of sauces in this place makes my heart flutter, I loved the vinegar one and the mikes bbq and sweet heat. The greens were great, I like the black eyes peas and meat involved. Gave it good texture. I love that salty sweet heat as a contrast to the heavy meat. My only complaint would be that the ribs were a bit fattier than I would have expected. I love fat as much as the next bbq lover, but I've had ribs that were just as succulent that were not ribboned with fat that took away from the heavenly rib experience. That being said, everyone had their own preferences. The meat was by all counts super juicy, the crust fully formed on the outside of the meat, sealing it all in. Just make sure you have some wet naps to wipe your hands and elbows ready to block people from snagging your ribs!Hands down the best BQ in Philadelphia!mike the owner takes great pride in his craft.the sides that are offered are really delicious and compliment the protein.i really look forward to getting back and enjoy a great meal. Be sure to get there earlier as they sell out on a regular basis. Everyone that I have told about mikes BQ has made it a point to thank me for the recommendation. After a wonderful meal your steps from the trendy passyunk ave that is filled with great shops.My wife and I checked this place out two saturdays ago and wow! We got meat by the lb including, beef brisket, pulled pork ribs as well as pickles on the side. All the meat was super tender with a nice Smokey flavor. We went with the standard BBQ sauce, but the offerings were plentiful in that department if you wanted to try another. Staff was super nice and the seating was quaint but ample. Highly recommend and can't wait to make it back here.Well, dont know what to say. Amazing food, friendly service, great prices. I will go there again and again and again and...I would go sticky for the meats. The BBQ was really good, tender beef brisket and ribs have a nice smokiness and fell off the bone. Unfortunately, the sides need some work. The Mac and cheese was pretty dry and lacked seasoning. The greens were flavorful but I didn't care for the beans inside, different, but not my cup of tea.Literally the best brisket I have ever eaten  fast and nice service! Best bbq in south philly!The best brisket I've found in Philly. And I've been searching. Mike's Sauce is good, but the brisket needs nothing on it. Perfection. 
Mike - Thanks for doing what you do.The ribs are amazing. They are smoky and spicy. The rub is perhaps the best I've had in Philly. The menu is also very good as it contains traditional bbq items and specials. I will definitely return when I'm craving bbq in philly. They stand out from the rest.I was in the area and stopped at Mike's for some BBQ. this place is the truth! I had the brisket sandwich with a side of chips and it was delicious. My brother ordered the fried Mac and cheese ball with Gouda. I think that meal was worth every dollar. If I'm in the are again I'll definitely stop by Mike's BBQ.My cousin and I went and it was the best brisket up ever tasted in my life so tender so juicy so Smokey any & everything you can ask for the brisket unbelievable and the price is very reasonable we would definitely be back there againOnly decent low Key BBQ restaurant anywhere near center city. Great smoked meats! Great sides! Also super friendly and nice. Reasonably priced. Go!Delicious. The brisket cheesesteak was easily one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. We also tried a regular brisket sandwich (great slaw), ribs, cornbread, and mac & cheese, and everything was excellent. Will definitely be back.Best bbq in philly hands down! I have tried 3/4ths of his menu and never a disappointment. Always get the brisket and the ribs are a1! Sauces are flavorful esp the vinegar sauce. I tend to go when it opens so i wont miss out on anythingExactly what you want from a BBQ joint.  No frills on the wall or seating but all the focus on the food.  I'm bittersweet about spreading the love cause I would love to keep it a secret, but with food that good there is no way it will.  Hat's off from a southerner to the best BBQ in Philly.I love it here! It's tiny and I've only gotten food to go.  But everytime I've been here (all of two times), the service has been quick and super nice.  It's like the staff actually likes being there and still has that shiny new place feel.
Now, on to the food, I've gotten brisket, ribs and chicken wings from there. The brisket, yummy, and not too fatty, you know how sometimes you go get brisket and it's either way too fatty or way to dry, not the problem here (even reheated).  The ribs are very good, it's not fall off the bone that some people are used to you can actually bit into it, also it's the big ribs, not the small baby ones, where you're like, where did the meat go. The wings, now this was my least favorite of the items of gotten, and I think this one was my fault. So, I thought the wings were a little dry, but like I said, that was my fault, because I got it to go, and then waited 2 hours to eat them.  So, you know what that means, I have to try it again!
Onto the sauces!  Mike's BBQ sauce, just the way I like it, bbq flavor but not too sweet, a little vinegary.  The white sauce, yummy, it's not very thick, but yummy nonetheless, Mike recommends eating it with chicken, and it totally should be eaten with the chicken.Great food! I ordered from the takeout menu for an Eagle's tailgate.  Mike was easy to reach, accommodating, and the food was delicious. Highly recommended.GET THERE EARLY! When I went they had just ran out of corn bread and I was so heartbroken as I looked around and saw other enjoying the very gracious cuts of golden deliciousness. We tried the sandwiches our first time here and they did not disappoint. I forget the names but one was pork and the other a brisket and provolone sandwich with collards. Both sandwiches were on point, but the collards really did it for me. Would definitely recommend and will be going back to try more menu items. There wasn't a sad face or clean hand in the joint!THE BEST!!!!!! I AM not kidding sooooo amazing!!! I wish I lived closer I would honestly go there every day! It is honestly just done right!!Mike's bbq open Wed-Sun 12Noon Till they sells out. On the weekends they sell out quickly depends sometimes sold out by 3-4pm. My fave to get there are cheesesteak brisket extra extra Cooper sharp cheese sauce for me. I'm not exaggerating when I said extra extra cheese either! Get that and thank me later. I also order brisket(this is the closest I can eat of a Texas bbq), beef ribs(special order them), pork belly( during weekends only omgggg it's so crunchy but there's also meat), smoked wings are amazingly good! Mike Strauss is the pit master of Mike's bbq. The staff is very friendly. Don't forget to get their banana q pudding! U will be head over heels with this. Order extra 3-4 because you won't want to shareHands down best BBQ in the city. Only thing better than the Que is the staff. I'd put pants on and get off my couch and venture to Mike's. That is saying something.I've been dying to try Mike's BBQ, particularly the Crispy Pork Belly, but it's only available on weekends, sells out quickly, and I'm not in the South Philly area in weekends. I have in and decided to try it through and Caviar and what a disappointment. The food arrived on time but everything (the pork belly, collard greens, and Mac & cheese) were FREEZING cold. Whatever. So I tried to microwave the pork belly and big mistake. The whole thing exploded. In the end, the cold food that exploded was not worth the extra courier fee from Caviar so I definitely won't be ordering from them again.If you need help finding it, start at the singing fountain on east passyunk and head south on 11th. Your nose will take you there.
I won't give away any spoilers. Just go. Go now. (When they open of course). Buy everything on the menu. Bring a friend (optional).
I think that mike purposely under-salts the food so that your tears of joy don't affect the flavor palate.Solid BBQ. Could walk in for a table for two for Sunday brunch around noon. 
The brisket was solid, but the pulled pork was slightly on the dry side. They have lots of fun sauces you can try.  The beans were nice. 
My biggest complaint is you have to buy any water.Pretty solid BBQ, drove from Baltimore to Philly for Barbecue from another spot. The spot was closed for renovation, so I remembered I had Mike's in my yelp bookmarks.
We order Ribs, Brisket, Chicken Wings, Pickles, Mac and cheese, corn bread.
The only items I think we had issues with were the ribs a little tough, and Mac was bland.
Overall we were happy and will be back.Best BBQ in the city. It's down the street from my house and couldn't be any happier. Food is amazing, always have specials that never disappoint. Service is fast and friendly. Favorite menu item is definitely the Brisket Cheesesteak.I regret never having had time to go in there, as I've heard so much about the atmosphere in the friendliness of the staff. I do however order Take out from there regularly. The food is always incredible, and even my pinky 10-year-old daughter absolutely lovesEverything I've had so far was great. I typically go with the pulled pork sandwich & the Mac & cheese. Huge portions, best BBQ in Philly right now.The ribs was amazing as well as the ribs and chicken, I could really eat two whole slabs of ribs from this place every day of my life!ABSOLUTE FAVORITE BBQ RESTAURANT IN THE AREA!!!! (being PA and South NJ) I love how the place has a small town/part of the neighborhood feel so you live in Philly you need to go here!!! EVERYTHING on the menu is to DIE FOR!!! And everyone in the staff is friendly and are really passionate about their food!! Definitely we'll be back soon!!!
Highlights: EVERYTHING! Try anything!My words will do Mike's BBQ no justice. The food is simply amazing. I highly recommend going to this place and getting everything!!!! Super friendly service and got to talk to the owner and chefs about their food. Thank you !!!The people there are extremely friendly and the food is amazing! I love the variety of sauces that they have and the bacon potato salad plus the corn bread is the best in the city! I highly recommend that you check this place out if you're in the area.This place is fantastic. The food speaks for itself. And the BRUSSEL SPROUTS wow. Just wow. I can't wait to come back and do take out for my next family event. The brisket was phenomenal, ribs were fall off the bone delicious, and the chips were an incredible side. Great service as well! Wonderful recommendations!! Loved it, can't say enough.Best bbq in philly hands down! We came all the way from Texas and wanted bbq and they delivered! Great service friendly staff and nice place to have food with friends and family. We will be back!Back in the '90s BBQ was definitely a hit or miss proposition in Philadelphia. Times have definitely changed, and Mike's had elevated the game exponentially. I've always measured a Barbecue by it's brisket and I can honestly say that this is Texas class brisket, worth every penny. But there's more than brisket here, and the pulled pork is another treat. And I haven't even mentioned the sides, 'cause that would be worth a whole separate review. The only downside is trying to find a place to park in the area; hey it's South Philly!Love this bbq place.  Small, mom and pop place in Philly.  Don't knock this place from the outside. Go inside and try this place.  It's awesome.Clean, Quick, Easy and Delicious! Great Brisket, Spicy and delicious Smoked Korean Wings. Definitely with be a favorite stop when visiting Philadelphia again.Awesome Brisket Cheesesteaks!!
Fantastic fries and delicious sides. Fast friendly service. Totally recommend!Brisket sandwich, pull pork sandwich, small Mac and cheese, small corn salad, and two pieces of cornbread. Seemed like a reasonable amount of food when we were at the register. We ordered way too much food. 
The sandwiches both needed pickles in them or on the side to complete the sandwich. The side sauces were a nice addition to the sandwiches. The corn salad is basically all corn. Mac and cheese is quite good. Cornbread is huge. Literally the size of five pieces of Boston market cornbread. 
Thank god the cashier did ring up the banana pudding. There is no way we were going to finish that.Great, relatively new place in South Philadelphia. Enjoyed the brisket a lot, juicy, flavorful. The ribs were good, but on the drier side - the sauces helped. The sides were also delicious - beans, and slaw. 
Definitely going back and exploring more of the menu. 
#foodflickerVery amazing. There was a a huge line and no where to sit. But by the time the food was ready, we grabbed a table. We got several things and the bill was crazy. 68 for two people.   Ow the good was good. Cornbread moist. Wings just ok? Brisket sandwich.... amazing with a spicy coleslaw on top. Mac and cheese... super yummy. Potato salad yummy but the potatoes needed cooked a wee bit longer. Will go back, but need to wait until I can afford it