Review is again an update for their $10 deals on Wednesday. Choice of entree ( vegetable lasagna, meatballs, crab pasta, chicken alfredo) + salad + bread + cookie for $10 .
I don't know why I tried to give it a shot again.. I got the crab pasta again and disliked it, again. That's my own fault for gettin the same thing I didn't like, again. The pasta is cooked well, but the entree is flavorless, does not have sauce, is covered in black pepper and there were tons of crab shells in the pasta so you'd eat and then.. * CRUNCH CRUNCH*. 
Overall it's a " good" deal but not so good if it's not entirely edible
If I were to try the deal again.. I'd get another dish . Or just stick to the cheesesteak.I tried the 2 for $20 deal that they offer on Wednesdays today, as suggested by a coworker. 
I opted to try the Penne pasta with lump crab meat in alfredo sauce, it comes with a bread roll, side salad ( which is plain romaine lettuce with Caesar dressing), and a cookie all for $10. Not a bad deal considering the area is relatively pricey as it is. However the food leaves much, much to be desired.
As stated, the salad although thought is nice, is lacking. Just chopped up romaine lettuce and Caesar dressing, no croutons , grape tomoatoes, red onions or anything. 
The pasta itself -- I will say I'm happy with the amount of lump crab meat, it was a perfect amount to match the amount of pasta. However I found a number of shells while eating, stuck between my teeth which is frustrating. On top of that, it was quite bland -- could use more seasoning or even a bit of salt would help.
Employee was very friendly, energetic and offered samples thoughMesses up orders consistently - cannot tell the difference between provolone and mozzerella. Too much roll, not enough steak.My office discovered Mike's Steaks on a quest for some lunchtime wings, and boy are we glad we did!  I can't speak on the cheese steaks because we have yet to try them, but I can say in regards to other reviews, that if you're looking for a true cheese steak you should visit South Philly.  People need to take a stand in a food court for what it is, and this.... is delicious.  Both the hot and honey BBQ wings are fabulous.  A co-worker ordered a burger which he also raved about (and looked delicious).  The best part about Mike's was the customer service we received!  Our order wasn't that large, but Mike treated us like we had placed a hundred dollar order.  Thanks Mike!  We'll def be back!Great bread sandwich, wish there was some meat. Overall it was too expensive with too few toppings. Will not return.It's hard to find a hoagie after 5pm in Rittenhouse. Primo closes at 3 (wtf) and then there's Jimmy John's and Subway. But what if you want something special? I decided to try Mike's in the Comcast Center. EXCELLENT! The hoagie rolls are big sesame rolls, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. And the sandwiches are mad real. I ordered a cheese hoagie for myself and a turkey for my boyfriend. Also named Mike. Mike's Hoagies. It was HIS hoagie. They were both full and delicious. As the nice man who handed me the sandwiches said, "two works of art." I also ordered a giant tasty root beer. 
The guys working were friendly. They're open after 5. They're on my way to the bus. This is exactly what I wanted and I plan on returning. While I reccomend Mike's Steaks, I do not reccomend ordering two giant sandwiches and a giant root beer and then running to the bus full-speed.This place is most likely the lowest place I've even eaten. I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first time I tried their below average cheesesteak (I mean come on its Philly step up your game). I went there for lunch right now and the had a sign that said salon burger so I thought maybe I'd give them a second chance. WORST DECISION EVER! I paid almost $7 for the sandwich only and was handed an unrecognizable patty that was so beyond obviously previously frozen, drenched in sauce that ran off it when picked up, on a bun that stuck to the roof of my mouth. Usually I'll finish my food the best I can but I had two bites and threw it out. I wish I could give lower then a 1 star because for the price and absolute disappointment of both my meals here they should no longer be in business and I am baffled they still are.This place only gets 1 star, and not because of the food.  I actually never tried the food because I wasn't able to get it.
I heard that if you come here during lunchtime it's a total mad house so I decided to call ahead of time to place my order, but when I got there they didn't seem to have a clear line for pickups and everyone was just packed together in a chaotic fashion.  After waiting for 30 minutes, I left without my food.  There were so many people hovered in front of the counter and the people behind the counter were so busy running around that I wasn't even able to ask anyone where I was supposed to go.  It didn't seem fair if I had to wait in the 20 person line to place my order when I already did.   So I left without my food.  I figured I'd rather go somewhere else then to wait 30 more minutes for my food that I had already ordered an hour ago.I've been to Mikes two times...once for an Italian hoagie, which was good but nothing that stood out in my mind. 
One time for cheesesteak.  I did not like the meat which was sliced, not chopped, and came out very dry.  I only ate half of it.
My take: if you are in the Comcast Center, Di Bruno's is a better bet for sandwiches.The staff here were very rude Megan gave me a hard time threatened to spit on me and my food me and my family will never come back again recommendation don't go there they do not rsspect customersI have eaten sandwiches all over the city through the years and this place puts out a good, respectable product.  I basically stick to their chicken cutlet (with spinach), chicken cheesesteak and turkey hoagie and have been consistently happy with all.  I haven't tried an original cheesesteak so can't comment on that.
I would also be remiss if I didn't mention the amazing sliced dill pickles that they offer.  They are so incredibly thin (yet crispy) it's like they're cut with a razor blade.  A nice, refreshing side to a heavier sandwich.
Mike's is not fancy and can't say it's the best I've ever had but I keep going back and that counts for something.Very friendly owner who instantly recognized that we were out of state visitors and made us authentic philly cheesesteaks sandwhiches.  I might be because I had cheesesteak sandwhich at the airport earlier but the sandwhiches tasted so much better in comparison.I've been avoiding this place for 6 months since working in Comcast Center b/c I had a meeting (at Comcast with catered cheesesteaks) that were not very good.  I thought it was Mike's but It was actually Comcast/Raphs Catering that supplied those dry/chopped steaks.  Never order a cheesesteak in Ralph's/Comcast inhouse foodservice.
I heard that Mike's doesn't chop their steak so I finally realized that the one I had was not from Mike's (which is actually in the foodcourt of Comcast Center under the lobby).  I was blown away as the steak was a very juicy, delicious version of a cross between tony lukes/steves.  not as good as tony lukes b/c bread was a little too soft.  but a hell of a lot better than steve's b/c the meat was jucier.  I did mine wit/whiz.  Perfect steak and good bread.I work in the One Liberty Place where they had Jake's Philadelphia Steaks until earlier this year. Then, Mike's came there and also I was roaming on my lunch hour and found out the same Mike's was in the Comcast center. Odd, I was at the Sushi restaurant and somehow ended up at Mike's. The line was long and I thought to myself "Hmmmm, they're probably good like Tony Luke's" so I decided to order a sandwich. 
I ordered a chicken Cheese steak with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone cheese. I also go the fried onions so my Philly steak sandwich would be complete and authentic. It took awhile, but, i must say it was worth the wait. They use chicken Breast and the sandwich was moist. So, this was my first visit to Mike's at either location. Glad I chanced it and targeted the cheese steak. I needed something to last as I wasn't going home after work. It was tasty. Authentic. Nice.This review is in regards to the chicken cheesesteak.
+1 star for excellent customer service, and Mike is very personable and a great business owner. He actually remembered me from an online order that was canceled because he had run out of chicken last week, so I had never even stepped inside the store, but somehow remembered me. He also gave me a drink on the house to apologize for running out, which was totally not necessary, but very sweet and great way to conduct business. 
The chicken cheesesteak itself is pretty good. I might add fried onions next time to add a bit more flavor. The chicken is nice, fresh cut up chicken , it was a tad dry but this can probably be alleviated with mayo for those that eat mayo, or hot sauce or maybe even using cheese whiz instead of provolone.
Overall, whenever I crave a cheesesteak in this area, he will be my go to for a decent cheesesteak and to see a friendly face. Thanks for the great service!This place was fairly decent. Came here with a friend during our lunch break. I ordered cheesesteak hoagie and she ordered a chicken cheesesteak. Mine came out pretty good. Not too greesy (which is a definate plus) and just the right amount of meat/toppings. Her's, however, came with Mayo in it which she did not request. She was sitting there scrapping off her mayo here and there bc there were globs of it in certain places. I love mayo, but not the types that they squeeze on the bread and not spread it with a knife. (not sure what they do here, but mine had mayo on it and it did not glob up like hers did)
On another note, I'm glad we came when we did. If you get here around 12:15 or later, prepare for a loooong wait!! It's a mad house at this place. Would I be back... sure!! It's extremely close to my work and offers a decent size sandwich.One of the better cheesesteaks that I had in PA.  I was there for a week and tried 4 places, and was most impressed by this spot in the basement of Comcast Center.
In addition to being downright tasty...the service here for a quick - grab and go spot was spot on.
Will be back for more!I was going to get a sandwich at Di Bruno's which is always good, but the line was long and there was no line at Mikes---I now see why.  Ordered a turkey hoagie with sharp provolone (an upcharge) and broccoli rabe (another upcharge).  Got back to my office--NO PROVOLONE and 1 sprig of tired week-old rabe topping a sandwich with at most 2 ounces of premeasured turkey.  What a joke--in a city of great sandwiches, this may be the worst ever.   Highly NOT recommended.Best bread you'll ever have, and the sandwiches overall are phenomenal. Highly recommended.
Staff is friendly, too. Only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the fact that the last three times I've ordered hot sauce on my tuna sandwich, they forget, a bit frustrating.Surprisingly good for a pretty basic sandwich shop/grill. 
The food here is solid -- it's simple but tasty, a good value, and they have a decent variety to suit whatever mood you're in. Where they really excel is service: Food is prepared quickly, even during the crazy lunch rush, and they always make an effort to do a little extra -- offering substitutions for free, complimentary goodies if you have kids with you, etc. It's a nice touch I don't see too often any more.This place wasn't good. I got a chicken caesar wrap and small fries. The wrap was soggy amd saturated with dressing. It wasn't cut and fell apart before I took my first bite just trying to pick it up based on the liquid to wrap ratio. 
The fries were frozen crinkle cut that were over cooked and not salted. This is the only place in Comcast or even within blocks of Comcast to get fries and they were terrible. 
I can't say I'd recommend this place.Not a good steak... 
The steaks aren't chopped up on the grill, so it's not like a typical cheese steak. The consequences of not chopping the steak are that the steak becomes dry and it isn't very uniformly distributed in the sandwich. At 7.50 a steak, which is pricey, you could do much better... For a place that claims to be a cheese steak place, this is pretty bad because you can do better at pretty much any pizza place in the city. 
The service was pretty good, and it was nice that they had free hot peppers and free pickles, but still... It's the cheese steak I went for, and the cheese steak was disappointing. 
It's probably not the worst steak I've ever had, but then again it's probably the worst steak I've had in the city.Mediocre and a little pricey. Somehow a buffalo cheese steak and one water was 10. On the plus side, it's better than subwaysReally bad, possibly worse than Steve's. Onions aren't cooked with the beef, its the diced hot dog topping type of onions. The roll was just okay, not enough steak, not hot enough to get the whiz really runny. Really disappointed, thought I could get a decent steak at the Comcast center.Steaks and burgers are good, but the fries taste like they came out of the freezer case of a supermarket.  Staff are friendly.Talk about disappointment! I work in the building right next to the Comcast Center, therefore I frequent this food court often. If you're in the same boat or ever around here, NEVER EAT AT MIKE'S. 
First of all, they are not prepared for the high volume of rush hour lunch time. Any cheesesteak establishment you go to is always prepared. I waited 30 minutes for a chicken cheesesteak and fries. For a place with "steaks" in the title that's literally unheard of.
Everyone around me was shocked as well, one guy was waiting for up to an hour and asked for his money back and just left. 
Once I did get my food, the fries were cold and the steak was undercooked. Both were flavorless.  It was appalling. 
Take it from me - go ANYWHERE else. 
*the only reason there is one star is bc you have to give a star to post a review*I'm a huge cheese steak fan, although I haven't yet had the pleasure of tasting Pat's or Gino's. They just don't have good cheese steaks in North Jersey for some reason! Fortunately, a colleague brought a bunch of Mike's up north for us today - YUM!
My samplings: cheese steak wit whiz and cheese steak wit provolone. My clear fav was the whiz. As mentioned in at least one other review, you can really taste the beef. The onions were plentiful and really added a little sumthin sumthin to the sandwich, and were well cooked so as not to be crunchy. The bread was absolutely perfect - not a bit too big, and soft and yummy. But the star for me was the whiz - salty perfection.
Caution to the salt-sensitive: the whiz was quite salty (which I believed to be perfect).Came to Philly for the first time expecting a great Philly cheesesteak and this place is not it. The staff and owner are extremely rude and they charge extra for things that are supposed to be on the sandwich. Horrible service and rude staff. Would NOT recommend. PS they don't give refunds even if you're unhappy with your order. It's a no for me!This review is primarily about the cheeseburger which is really great!  It isn't too greasy nor too lean and neatly constructed.  Pickles are great to add to them, too.  As others may have previously mentioned, at lunch time the line / wait is expectedly long, but I think it's worth the wait given the quality, freshness and price.
I've also had a cheesesteak hoagie which is good - but more expensive than the cheeseburger.  I'm more of a fan of minced steak for my cheesesteak (more like Pat's steaks or at most food trucks around Philly), but it's fairly good nonetheless.
Keep it going, Mike's Steaks!Overall: 3.25
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3
Mike's steak is a nice place for a good cheesesteak. It is not my favorite spot right now in Philly but it's a good cheesesteak. The bread was soft and cheese whiz was hot. It's not like a cold @ss cheesesteak how Pat's and Geno's does it. Not hating. I'm mentioned their cheesesteaks because they usually make them in advance while at Mike's steaks I saw them cooking it in front of me. 
The service was average and just what I expect when I order a cheesesteak. The price was around $12+ with some fries and cheesesteak. It was good. I would go again if I was around and had some cravings for cheesesteak.I haven't been here in awhile, but, food is still good. They also have a good selection of vegetarian  sandwiches. I tried the new Eggplant Italiano, which is a hot sandwich/hoagie. Other veggie sandwiches are Veggie burger (and they have a variety of choices- with choice of meat too: beef, turkey or veggie patty), cheese hoagie and two other hot sandwiches: Eggplant parm and Veggie . Still they have traditional philly sandwiches (cheese steaks)hot dogs and appetizers galore. The service is fairly quick for a busy lunch time crowd.Like I said - I'd be back! 
I went with just a plain cheese steak - rib-eye and sharp provolone 'wit' (sorry ... I prefer a good sharp Italian provolone to sloppy, processed Whiz any day). 
The thing I like about Mike's? You taste the pure flavor of the beef. You taste no freezer burn - those thin slices of premium beef are not too greasy, but definitely not dry. The peppers and onions supply the right amount of texture and moisture to create a satisfactory bite. Don't believe me? Here's a close-up shot.
My one criticism? I could use a bit more cheese (they provide two slices which is standard). To be honest - I could've used a bit more rib-eye, but then again, that's just my gluttony talking. 
FYI  - If you check out the reviews on Yelp, you'll see that the majority of the negative reviews for Mike's are due to the fact that they don't chop up the meat. Now why in the world would you chop up premium, lean rib-eye? I want to savor the flavor of the cut - I don't need chopped up minced meat to be adulterated by any grease or oil that isn't inherent to the true taste of the beef. Thankfully - I think Cifelli family tends to agree.First trip to Philly and My husband and I were so pleasantly surprised to meet such warm and friendly people. We were traveling with 3 very hungry children and I truly believe fate and divine intervention lead us to Mike's Steaks in the Comcast building. Max greeted us with such warmth we felt right at home!!! His cheese steaks are absolutely amazing!!!! So good my husband and I split a 2nd sandwich. He made our children feel really special and they keep asking if we can take a day trip real soon to see Max for the Best Philly Cheesesteaks ever!!!!!Just had a fantastic Texas Weiner at Mike's.
Everything about it was exceptional.
Hard to find a Texas Weiner that rivals the ones made in Trenton, NJ years ago!
And the steak sandwich was very good according to my husband!Today was my first time ordering from Mike's Steak. This will be the last time that I ever go to this place.  I ordered a Veggie Hoagie that was suppose to have broccoli rabbe on it. When I called to report a misrepresentation of what was on the menu I was told by Megan, the order taker, that they didn't have any so they took it upon themselves to add more spinach. When I went back there they wouldn't even give me back my money. There is so much that went wrong with this encounter to even mention.  All I have to say is if you have money to waste and love horrible food that Mike's Steaks is your place. They don't even deserve a star. Everything was below even below average.I really don't know what the other reviewers are talking about.  First off the ordering system is pretty simple. You go to the order taker on the left and give your order. Then you go to the right and pay. Then you wait for your name to be called and you pick up your order.  As far as the food goes, I always get the italian as I am not a cheesesteak fan. The meats, bread, toppings, and condiments are perfectly balanced.  They also make a great breakfast sandwich and even though I'm not a cheesesteak fan, the addition of the egg makes a great tasting sandwich.  As far as it being mobbed at lunch, well what place with great food isn't crowded at lunchtime whether it's Philly or any other city location in America.  If the food here wasn't good then it wouldn't be crowded because believe me there are a lot of other sandwich shops close by.  Lastly, my experiences with the staff has always been positive and it's one of the reasons why I come here as opposed to the other sandwich shops in the area.Mike's delivers! This shop genuinely cares about their customers & the awesome food they serve...I am not from Philadelphia and I have not been to Geno's or Dalessandros or Pat's, purportedly the three real players in the market. Mike's Steaks, for $6.49, the cheese steak with addition of mushrooms, with onions, was perfect. Wrapped in tin foil, soft chewy sub roll, perfectly chopped steak, nicely sautéed mushrooms and soft onions. Cheese Whiz is apparently the way to order and that's how it comes unless you specify otherwise. Mine was hot, steamy, and generally a standout. Tiny little cart out front of the Comcast Center and on the way to Market Street, search it out next time you're in town!!!Not bad for a cheesesteak joint - and that's coming from a guy who hasn't found an exceptional Philly cheesesteak (hopefully that changes when I attend the Philly cheesesteak challenge later this month at Square 1682). 
In any case, I made the 'mistake' of ordering the cheesesteak hoagie ... which is a hoagie with cheesesteak fixings in it. So it came with lettuce. The hoagie roll was quite fresh which was nice. You could choose ribeye or chicken. I chose the ribeye of course - and quality of the meat was actually excellent! I just wish there was more of it (says the glutton in me). 
I got the fried onions on top (wit) and provolone. 
Nice sandwich - good heft - perhaps I should have gone with the mayo (the grill-meister hesitated when I said no mayo - he must've known better). Especially as a hoagie - that would have made the sandwich I think.
Will def need to try the regular cheesesteak next time.Best chicken cheese steaks ever. You can tell they don't use those frozen slabs this is real chicken breasts. Those dinner specials they do on monday and Wednesday are amazing. You get alot of food for $10 and there's alot to choose from. Great dealI've eaten at this steak shop about a dozen times. The steaks are phenomenal and the hoagies are just as good. The bread is the best I've had, especially the seeded rolls. Staff is very friendly and helpful, especially the older Italian hoagie maker.Great place for lunch. I eat here at least 3x per week. The tuna is second to none. The turkey is awesome and the steaks are a Philly classic. Best of all the staff takes care of you. Anyone who says that they get busy at lunch is correct. It's because the food is fresh, clean and good. Absolutely an A+Horrible customer service. Rude cashier and rude owner. Overcharge for every item that should be included in a Philly cheesesteak. Would not come back here.Waited 30 minutes, and the chicken cheese steak wasnt any good.  Pass!I've had a cheese steak from here and It literally was the best steak sandwich I've ever had!! Hands down... Everything was delicious from the fresh bread, to the awesome cut of meat that is cooked right! It's nice, tender and always seasoned the way I ask! It's soooooo good! I've had about 3 cheese steaks from them and I've never been disappointed! Give them a try...I got the wasn't sure what to eat today, so I wondered down to Comcast building. I read Mike's menu real quick and chicken cutlet Italiano Sandwich, hmmm, but let me check out the other places as well. My mind kept thinking about the sandwich so I gave it a try. Overall, the sandwich was ok. The bread lacked that crispy crusty feel and taste as other Philly sandwiches are known for. The chicken cutlet itself it seemed more like chicken tenders cut and not too well seasoned for being Italiano. The spinach was good but a little bitter that also lacked seasoning or flavor to it but perhaps maybe I'm making too much of a comparison to other sandwiches. The provolone cheese was also okay I would probably suggest more of a sharp provolone cheese to give a little bit more bite. Good place for the touristI was on a diet from cheesesteaks and burgers. But when I stumbled across Mike's Steaks, and tried the cheese steak, I was in heaven.  Mike's have the perfect roll, the meat is top grade and not fatty. The roll is never soggie. Whenever I am in a mood for a cheese steak, Mike's Steaks will be the only place I'll go.  THANKS MIKE!!  Plus, there is a cute guy working the grill.Horrible. Old meat. Small portions. Taste made me sick. Stay away from this place. I wish I could give 0 stars.I had Mike's last week during the 2 for $20 dinner nights on Wednesday. I was hesitant as they offer food that is not on their regular menu. I was also hesitant as I tried the 2 for $20 dinners a month prior, from a different vendor, and it was TERRIBLE. I told Max and Megan (i think that is her name) about the bad experience and Max said he is one of the owners and if I was not satisfied to come see him the next day and he would give me a full refund. Beyond impressed by this, I took the deal.  For being Italian (1st generation), I was quite impressed with the Spinach lasagna and my husband loved his Chicken Parm. I decided to give them a try today for lunch off of their regular menu. Kept is simple - cheesesteak with Provolone and marinara. AMAZING!!! The roll was perfect, the meat was juicy, and marina was delicious. I am a Philly native and this was damn good! The wait was long (20 minutes), but what can you expect during lunch hour at a place that offers awesome food. Fried pickles were ok - a little too greasy,but still good. The customer service there is better than any place I have been to in the past few years. Love this place, so happy I found it!Food is below average.  Ordered a veggie wrap was supposed to have mushrooms but I didn't.  
Service is really bad. They rush you to order and then take a while to process it.
Eat anywhere else but here.First off. I ordered a cheesesteak hoagie and the they charged me a regular steak hoagie and added cheese as an upcharge which is more expensive than the regular cheesesteak already on the menu. The attitude they give is not worth the food which they overcharge for. They charge an extra dollar for cheese on a Philly CHEESE steak. The owner is very rude and abrasive. The extra cheese they charged for was minimal on the steak. 
When asking for a refund the owner said "not giving you a refund"
The woman helping walked away saying "I can't I can't deal" 
Horrible service. Overpriced food. 
Horrible first experience when first arriving in phillyI was not impressed with this cheesesteak at all. I was not alone. I was with two very discerning palates. A 8 yr old and his 11 yr old sister. The 11 yr old's first bite of the cheesesteak was a bread. The bread/hoagie roll is fresh and soft, but not an amoroso. The cheese is in the middle and the 11 yr old complained hers was not cheesy enough. I did not like that the meat was not chopped up, it was served like a steak um sandwich and the pieces were not super thin either. three pieces of meat with cheese in the middle slapped on a roll does not equate a cheesesteak to me. I want it bursting from the seams with chopped up meat and the cheese on the sides of the roll. Sorry thats a cheesesteak to me. I feel a cheesesteak from a cart is better than these guys. 
8 yr old had a hamburger that looked pretty sad and lackluster. He only ate half of it and I just didn't think it was worth taking home. 
The fries were awesome. They are crinkle cuts and were cooked perfectly. I also liked the jar of thinly sliced pickles free with your meal. 
I will probably never eat her again cause I'm never near here and if I am I prefer the sushi place or something from di bruno brothers.Had a chicken parm sandwich. The chicken parm was ehhhhh. 0-10 about a 4. The sauce wasn't the best. The roll was better then I thought it was gonna be. It could be improved if it was toasted.Terrible. My cheesesteak was so lukewarm the cheese didn't even melt. Chewy and rubbery because it's not made to order. Pass.I first got a taste of Mike's Steaks at a Yelp Elite event last year at the Food Court in the Comcast Bldg. I thought it was pretty tasty then, and I recently returned and found out that it was no fluke. The Cheese Steaks were pretty darn good! 
Mike's serves up their steaks just like I like them, thin slices of quality steak meat on a great roll with hot gooey Cheese whiz. I know it's an ongoing debate on sliced steak meat vs. chopped , but I can't stand quality steak meat chopped up like baby food. Some Cheese steak places chop it so much, it becomes Pulverized and you could spread it on a cracker! No thanks, not for the Kid. 
Mikes has great Fries and the Chili is outstanding, and the great thing about a new spot to eat is that you get to systematically go through the whole menu- that's what I'm looking forward to.We went to see the Comcast Holiday Spectacular today.  After the show, on the way out, a nice young lady was giving out samples of Mike's Steak's various hoagies.  The 4 of us tried the Italian hoagie samples.  They were delicious!  The rolls were out of this world and that was enough to entice us to find the restaurant.  Although we ended up with cheese steaks with fried onions instead of hoagies, we were very happy with our purchase!   Max kindly offered the same sesame seed rolls to us for our cheese steaks that were used for the hoagies we tried.   This made the cheese steaks even more delicious.  The length of the roll is very generous and makes you feel like you are definitely getting your money's worth.  The steak was tasty and there was plenty of melted cheese (3 with American Cheese and 1 with Cheese Whiz) on our sandwiches.  The free sliced pickles on the counter were crunchy and an added touch to our sandwiches.  There were also jars of peppers available as well.   We also enjoyed the crinkled fries.  They were crunchy and very tasty.  Max and his brothers were very friendly and really cared about pleasing their customers.  We definitely will be back to try their food again.I had high expectations... I expected things to go well. 
I wanted to be able to recommend them to the many out-of-towners I deal with. 
I even gave them a heads-up when I ordered my steak sandwich by letting the order taker know that I have a lot of influence in the neighborhood. 
Sigh... I have never in my life received a steak sandwich with so much fat in it. WTF? The meat in my sandwich included very large areas of fat. I wasn't going to eat that! I picked the fat off the meat with my hands, ate the sandwich, then went back to the counter at Mike's to give them my thoughts on what they had served me, and also to show them the mound of fat that I had picked off.
A gentleman who appeared to be the manager decided to show me a frozen hunk of meat, basically saying that's how the meat is. I said he should at least cut out the large areas of concentrated fat. He said something about how that would cost him too much money, since he buys the meat by the pound.
Damn... 
I was so disappointed to hear that response. I had actually been sending them customers, but after this experience, I can't do that anymore.
I work in the hospitality trade. Does anybody know of a good steak sandwich shop within 6 blocks of Logan Circle that uses a higher grade of meat?