Love the atmosphere, the space, the staff and the drinks. Frozen watermelon Marg is divine. Don't love the food though. The tacos are just not that great, especially for the price. The exception is the churros - but get some leche dip! I've been a few times now so obviously it's worth the patronage but the search for a real taco continues...OBSESSED with the green juice margarita -- a delicious contradiction for those health nuts at happy hour. Chili-salt rim is a must.
Lots of options/variety on the menu, including the salsas. (Coconut hazelnut was interesting...in a good way!) Ordered the lamb, mahi mahi and special pork belly tacos. We all agreed the fish tacos severely lacked flavor, and while the other two were better, we weren't blown away. (I'd give the edge to lamb.)
Decor was nice -- lots of natural light for my annoying foodie pics. A 20% tip was automatically included for our group of six, which explains why our server ignored us for loooong stretches of time even before we ordered. :-/How did I find this place ? My friend said he knew a local bowling joint, so we mistakenly went here. Whoops but the food and service did not disappoint. I went here again with another friend, better informed this time, and we got the nachos and trees leche for dessert. The price range was really good and my friend really enjoyed the "cute" decorations. The atmosphere was nice and cozy. It felt like an indoor picnic type environment.
The portions of the meals were a good portion. I can complain. The service was kind and welcoming to offer her opinion and recommendations. She really made our first time. 
Overall, this place is nice. Bring your friends, co-workers, or a date here. It can get kinda crowded during their busier hours. They usually take reservations with parties roughly six or more.Love this place! The decor is amazing and I love how airy and fresh it looks. I've been here for lunch a few times and it has been a great crowd pleaser. I never get burritos but here I make an exception. Great ingredients ratio and so well seasoned. To top it off THEY GRILL IT so the tortilla is warm and toasted. I love it so much I want to go right now. 
The tacos and corn elote are nice as well and the salsas are a great addition! I love dessert and their desserts do not disappoint get them all. As I wrote this review I made plans to go with a coworker tomorrow. The service was wonderful the staff was helpful and informed. They also put my picky eater coworkers mind at ease and were able to guide him through the menu, he ended up loving his sandwich!I love the way this restaurant looks, it's fun to be here and it's really modern and clean. There are really cool free taco temp tattoos at the hostess's desk so make sure to grab one on your way in or out.
There's a foosball table in the middle of the restaurant which is fun, and there's a bunch of places to sit, tables, the bar, booths, window seats, etc.
The nachos are a MUST get, with goat chili - who knew how amazing that would be. The tacos are ok I've had better but I've also had worse, the horchata is also hit or miss. I've been here 2 times so far and the first time the horchata was delicious and the second it was kind of gross. Not sure what's up with that.One of the best brunch places in center city. Mission is on Sansom street and is a very sos IOU's place on the 2nd floor of its building. The place is very big and bright. For brunch I had the breakfast burrito which was the best breakfast burrito I ever had. The potatoes eggs and avocado made a delicious combination. My friend and I both had margaritas that were great and strong. The prices were very reasonable and I'll be back for sureNice atmosphere and aesthetics. They have plants all around the place! A little more expensive that I would like to pay on a regular basis but good food, good service and good drinks!I recently attended the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit "Think Local Give Local" at the Lowes Hotel in Philadelphia. All of Garces restaurants participated with various food offerings and there was participation from many of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. It was a great benefit to help support immigration and immigrants that are located in Philadelphia. I was pleased that Mission Taqueria participated and they had one of the best if not the best offering of the evening. They served a ceviche that was so tangy and fresh - -- one of the best that I have had. It was a generous and well presented portion and the staff that was there representing Mission Taqueria was very friendly.  I am looking forward to going to Mission Taqueria with my husband sometime soon!I went there for lunch.  Nice, bright space.  Nice selection of drinks.  However, my chicken burrito was disappointing, a lot of rice and not much chicken.This new Mexican spot re-imagines and maximizes the space once completely under-utilized by Nodding Head.  The bar is great, tile work on and behind the bar is impressive.  Drink selection is what you would expect, other CC bars have better tequila offerings, but this is acceptable.  The little atrium in the center is awesome, took me a few minutes to realize it was open air.  
With that said, the food was so so.   I wouldn't want to sugar coat the food by any other classification.  The guac was what you would expect at a basic suburban party, no real defining flavor, and way too much citrus.  I had high expectation for the tacos, they just weren't good.  Tried the chorizo rojo, grilled skirt steak, and the mahi mahi...nothing I would go back for, mahi was by far the best, but even the flash frying was not done right.  With the right leadership in the kitchen, these could all be easily correctable, it's a shame to see such laziness accepted.
Even though the food was less than average, I'll be back, but only for drinks.Modern Mexican with a great atmosphere in Center City. Room is small but feels spacious even when packed. Food is pretty good, not amazing but does hit the spot. Service was both attentive and fast, would come again.My wife found this place word of mouth, and we Had a really fun experience here! Upstairs location. Seated immediately even though we were late for our reservation. Very understanding staff! Appreciated that.  Brunch menu was appealing, but the Steak and Eggs special was delicious. Fresh Quac was on point too. 90s hip hop/RB music was fun to listen to and creates chill vibe. 
Awesome time and looking forward to our next experience here!!Have been here multiple times and have yet to find an option for those who cannot tolerate spicy food (I know, I should change my expectations if I'm going to eat Mexican food). I mean it though, do not eat here if you cannot tolerate spice. The drinks are good but the atmosphere is very loud at night. I have been with larger parties both times and we found it difficult to hear each other. Everyone else liked their meals but did not love them.Move over El Vez, there's a new taco restaurant in town and it provides amazing watermelon margaritas with such an respectable and fun not robotic staff that clearly love their jobs.
I am a firm believer in first impressions are last impressions so to walk in with several smiling managers overlooking the staff, I knew my friends and I were in good hands. I worked in the restaurant business for five years and the main issue always were managers hiding in their office, making the staff settle out disputes or unruly customers -- not here at Mission. 
Now, onto the food, the salsa we had (Fresca) was the perfect marriage of spice and savory, as well as the fresh nachos adding a crunch! I had the mahi mahi tacos, grilled shrimp tacos; and the chicken wings makes me feel some type of way. The glaze on the chicken made me want to stop being a lady and lick the bowl clean which will eventually happen to the horror of other customers.
Tabitha, the server we had was amazing with such a warm personality! Mission did an amazing job with hiring the right people.
I'm making this the only place I get Mexican food from now on and frozen watermelon margaritas as my adult slushie.If your looking for a rustic hipster Mexican restaurant, this is your place. It had a great atmosphere and trendy decor. They also had shuffleboard for the kids to play while we waited for our table. 
The food was phenomenal. The 1st pic is 3 different types of Ceviche (Black Sea Bass, Red Snapper & Mixto Ceviche). The 3rd pic is of the short beef rib tacos. The 4th pic is of grilled mushroom tacos. And the last one is of the hot sauce!When upscale Mexican is done right! OMG, this place was amazing...I had the mixed seafood ceviche with the veal tongue tacos and the tamarind margaritas. It was so tasty. The veal tongue tacos was super impressive and very tender. The ceviche had an array of flavors, had to order chips as a side, but it was so delicious. I absolutely obsessing over this place. As a Californian, it means a lot to find a good taco. This place takes the cake!I just inhaled tacos al pastor... so good I'm pretty sure my mouth just committed an act of cultural appropriation as memories of my abuela making these in a kitchen in Cuetzalan, sweet marigolds in the air. My god, I even cried a little, the flavor so compelling, the savory piggy goodness, the delicate pineapple, and the heat the brings it altogether. 
Thank you Tabitha, for inspiring this selection. You even laughed at my terrible jokes. 
I just ordered more.Came here during the lunch hour rush and was still able to get seated right away. Everyone was very friendly, even though I was waiting for a bit before my friend arrived. I ordered the al pastor tacos and he ordered the mahi mahi. I can't eat deep fried fish for some reason, but he told me they were good and the al pastor weren't the best I've had but still good enough. I like the small side of oranges topped with spice. We also ordered the churros at the end--which were super freshly made and came with two dipping sauces. The spicy chocolate was a favorite, though I didn't taste much spice and the strawberry jalapeno one had a tad bit of kick to it but I felt like it could of had more.Tacos were decent but nothing memorable. The space is very pretty and modern, and it wasn't too packed for Saturday lunch.I got referred to mission taqueria from my friend who recently visited Philly. This taco shop totally screams modern hip aesthetics af. I luckily got to dine here during their happy hour on a Friday night and this place was packed. The happy hour wait can get pretty long so try to get here as early as possible. If the happy hour thing ain't your thing or you simply don't want to wait an hour, mission taqueria also has regular dine in tables with their normal menu. 
Their happy hour menu is small, but definitely more affordable and cheap. I tried the two tacos on the happy hour menu and got the "green" juice drink from their normal menu. First off, for EIGHT FRIGGIN DOLLARS, I expected more juice than what I got. Literally half the damn drink was just ice cubes....seriously what a mothereffing RIP OFF. NEVER ORDER THE JUICE HERE...
Now now, I understand most people order drinks during happy hour, but I was getting sick so I figured some juice with ginger should help me...Anyways, onto the food. The tacos are single tortilla and have a decent amount of meat inside. I don't know if I was sick, but I didn't really see  anything THAT amazing with their happy hour tacos. My sister also agreed, but at least they were only $2 each. 
I wish I could try their regular tacos on their regular dine in menu, but their prices are definitely NOT affordable. Cute place and good happy hour deals, but I think I'd only come back for happy hour.On our way to the Oyster House, where the wait was a half hour, we discovered Mission Taqueria, located on the second floor. The atmosphere was lively and family friendly. Our waiter RYAN was an amazing ambassador for what was to come. The tacos were a mouth watering experience. My family and i were taken aback at the quality of the dishes. Mission made our trip Philadelphia a more wonderful event.If you haven't been here yet it is definitely a must try in the 914!! Great staff, great aesthetic and such a great vibe. We had a bunch of tacos my favorite was the carnitas highly recommend. My friend had the trout and I had a bite it was phenomenal and perfectly cooked. Mission Taqueria is definitely great addition to the neighborhood.What a great space for large groups, so many long picnic style tables that fit 6+. Very well decorated, from the lighting to the greenery to the open concept kitchen. The longest foosball and shuffleboard table I have ever encountered at a restaurant/ bar. Awesome bar space in the corner that fits many on the counter. Drinks, especially, the original and different flavored margies (margaritas) are delicious. Wanted to try a frozen one but they ran out! Took a tequila shot instead with a Jarritos Pineapple Soda as chaser. They have a extensive selection of tequilas - not your typical store bought brands. Tacos are awesome, kinda towards the pricier side for 3 tacos per order but you are in the middle of Center City at a pretty nice/ classier Mexican restaurant. However, the creativeness and flavorfulness of the tacos makes up for that. The ceviche selection was decent and unique, very bright and refreshing flavors. If you're adventurous, definitely try the braised goat tacos. Come for Happy Hour (5-7pm) for $3 taco, cheaper wings, sope and margaritas.The best spot in the city for happy hour! Love to bring my friends there who are visiting and the margaritas are amazing! I highly recommend this place. P.S. Don't leave without ordering guac!!!Sat at the bar for some Sunday funday shenanigans. Guacamole was tasty and the guava margarita was perfect. Service was great as well. Our bar tender did forget one of our drinks but no biggie, we are all human. Only reason I am giving a four is that there was no music. I felt music would have livened up the place a bit. Definitely going back to try the full menu.This place is delicious! From the tacos, chips & salsa, and the drinks, you can't go wrong.The one great thing about Mission is the decor. It's so so cute! But the food was honestly just ok... it definitely wasn't the best Mexican food I've had. I had the guac as an app, and it was very typical guac. It didn't really have anything special about it. I also ordered a horchata, which was really quite good! Very cinnamon-y though, so as long as you like cinnamon I'd suggest it. 
What bothers me the most is that they don't let you mix and match tacos. I think it'd be just that much better of an experience if you could mix and match tacos. I ordered the fried fish tacos and they were ok, too. I would have preferred non fried fish tacos I think, but ideally I wanted to try several types of tacos in one dish.The food was really good, albeit expensive. Guacamole was 12 dollars for a bowl and chips so I'm giving it 4 stars due to price and the service wasn't the best. 
That being said the atmosphere was amazing and the food was good as hell. They have fun drinks and stuff and there was a shuffle board table! Would go again.It makes me happy every time I go here,  Staff is always very nice,  My faves are the guava marg with spicy rim, torta, nachos, fish taco, shrimp taco.  My new go to lunch spot in the city.This review is based off of the atmosphere, service, and drinks. We have not eaten at the Mission but will return for lunch or dinner! The drinks were amazing- some are made spicy (so good) and a great bang for your buck. The bartenders were in good spirits and waiting for drinks at the bar did not take longer than expected. We played foosball at a table for up to 8 players which was awesome. The bright lighting also made the atmosphere a great place to enjoy with friends.
Edit: As of January 7, I have eaten lunch at Mission Taqueria.  While the atmosphere is still awesome, I'm not impressed by the flavors of the food.  Will definitely go back with a group of friends for drinks, but I'd rather go to a better taqueria for my tacos.Great selection of different mexican food.  Drinks are heavy on the tequila side (margaritas, etc,) but what else would you expect from a Mexican restaurant.  They do have a nice variety of beers.  Enjoyed my visit, and liked the portion size and the decor.  They had a lot of renovation work to do, as the Nodding Head (former occupant) left a lot to be desired on the design side.Been wanting to eat here since its open a couple months ago and it definitely didn't disappoint. And with the new upscale casual trend on the rise, this place is doing a splendid job leading the pack. 
The ambience is sublime--light wood, plants hanging overhead, mixed picnic benches with table seating, punches of color splashed here and there, and an adorable inner courtyard with plants and pumpkins. The whole place feels airy, clean, and contemporary. And there's a 6 person foosball table in the middle, a nice touch! Service was exceptional! Everyone was quick to help--quick seating, glasses always filled, and sweeping clean up. We let our waiter Ryan know that we had a show to catch at 8p and he did an excellent job of being both attentive and speedy! If we had more time we would've loved to have done the tasting menu which was only $25/person--a steal in the world of tasting menus! The food was tasty and appropriately priced. The bowl of chips and guacamole was very generous and our tacos (grilled steak and goat) were scrumptious. Best thing ever though was the dessert--coconut Tres leches. It was flavorful, fluffy, creamy with freshly cut up mango and pineapple. Don't take my word for it, just order it! Definitely looking forward to frequenting this place in the future.Solid happy hour with drinks and snacks. Friendly staff to take care of you. All around solid!This place is great! The atmosphere was awesome. I came for brunch at noon on a Saturday with a group of friends. The restaurant was fairly empty but stared to fill up around 1pm. They have shuffle board and foozeball which I love. Food was solid and service was quick. A few of my friends got he breakfast burrito, I got the huevos rancheros, but the dasyuno torta was definitely the fan favorite. Get the TORTA. We each sampled, and it was delicious. Definitely will be back again (for the TORTA).Cute place! It's on the second floor of a building so it can be easily missed from the street. There are plenty of tables in an open feel. The decorations are cute and trendy. It does get very crowded! 
They have a great happy hour! 5-7 I believe. $6 wine, sangria, and margaritas. $3 Coronas. They also have $2 tacos and some other snacks. You must have a seat to order food at the bar which was a little disappointing because there aren't many seats and most people are just standing around. They don't offer happy hour special at most tables either, we waited over an our to get a table with the specials and ending up getting a chair at the bar before so we just ordered there. 
The chicken tacos were very spicy! The carnitas were my favorite, milder. The chips and queso were delicious as well. Overall the food is great, just get there early if you want happy hour specials!Good food with cool ambience. Fun place to hang with friends. Only downside was with pricing-- I ordered one salsa assuming it would be $3 (normally 3 salsas for $9), but was charged $6. Small downside, but would have liked to know pricing upfront. Otherwise a good experience!The space is absolutely beautiful, sunlit, and fun. The service was fine, and the food was pretty decent. Not the best Mexican food I've had in Philly, but solid. It was a little overpriced ($5 for an horchata?!), and the waiter said chilaquilles instead of chilaquiles which makes me think he (and the restaurant) wass trying too hard to make it "authentic".Such a fun atmosphere! I loved the margaritas!!! I will have to go back to try more things. So far the tacos and guacamole were fantastic.The best part of this place is the decor. I went on a rainy day and it's still sunny, bright, and cheerful. This is a great place to take someone in from out of town. I got a burrito (they made one with shrimp for me even though it's not technically on the menu) and it was yummy, but not out of this world. I will definitely be back for happy hour and apps.I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with a house margarita. Great flavor combination. I was disappointed by the lack of chips and salsa as part of the meal. While I understand the concept of premium salsa, make that a premium option and provide a house salsa and chips complimentary with the meal. 
The soft serve ice cream with spicy peanuts and chocolate pearls is a real treat! A nice finish.Really cool venue with unique layout. Love the extra long foozball table!
Food is overpriced, even at happy hour. I guess because it's by rittenhouse? 
We ordered margs (average) and chips & salsa (way overpriced) that was really tasty. Their house made hot sauce, though, stole the show. It's phenomenal and I think I ate half the bottle. 
For the salsas we got the chunky tomato (fresh), tomatillo (addictive) & some deep red spicy salsa (different in a good way). 
We went around 6pm and it was empty but it filled up really quickly. A lot of space for large groups.Mission accepted. This place is off the CHAIN good. On an early Saturday morning, our group of three sat down for some brunch. The place was empty, but thy wasn't going to stop us from chowing down to some Mexican brunch food! The interior was crazy cool and the bench style seating was very comfortable. 
What we got:
-Ice coffee, mimosas (8$). The adult beverages were a tab bit pricey, but worth it to get a little hair of the dog. 
-Breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and I ordered the breakfast tacos (bacon, egg, crispy potato strings, and a side of sweet potatoes)
The waiter was quick, kind and was very helpful! Can't recall his name...tall guy is all I got. We'll be back for some more delicious brunch when we visit the city again! 
OfSmall selection for happy hour but it is good - the margaritas are some of the best in town!  Also, very cool vibe - you can hardly believe it is the same space if you'd ever been to the brewery that was here before they came in.Came here with a rather large party for a birthday. Started with chips and Salsa. Tortilla chips were the salty/crispy ones that go great with the chunky guac. We all got different tacos and split them up, my favorite of which was the Mahi tacos. After the dinner was over they gave us churros for the birthday girl, which were good. Little pricey with smaller portions, but typical for a place in the area. 
Atmosphere was cool, picnic-style benches with good music and they adjusted the lighting for us. I would for sure go back!I tried Mission Taqueria for lunch today and was pretty impressed. The restaurant is really bright and open with neat decor. The menu has a good variety of items including different kinds of tacos, burritos and salads as well as cool appetizers. My friend had the steak burrito and I had the chicken. Both were really good and the ingredients tasted really fresh. If you aren't really hungry and go with a friend, you could probably split an appetizer and a burrito. The drink menu looked awesome, making me sad to have to go back to work... I really hope I can go back soon for happy hour!Definitely pricey for what you're actually getting but honestly, I'd do it again (and again). Food is very good and aesthetically pleasing and comes out quickly and the drinks served are very very good. Probably the place in Philly with a vibe most like "New York dining" that I've found.  I'm definitely a fan of this place. 
I went when it was very new (like just opened new) so I can't speak to wait times but I am SO glad to see they're doing well. I highly recommend.Love the layout and general atmosphere at Mission Taqueria. Its second floor location gives it a hidden gem feel in Philly. The nachos are my favorite thing on the menu - definitely get them to share as they're legitimately huge.This is my third visit (I forgot to "check-in" once), and I still love it here! We came on a Friday night (where every other restaurant imaginable had a 1+ hour wait). It was busy, and the hostess told us 20 minutes. Coincidentally, three seats at the bar opened up as we chilled by the foosball tables. The hostess asked if we would like to sit there to get served immediately (we're not impatient, but why not?), so we did.
We ordered the lengua (veal tongue), Pork al Pastor, and Cabrito Suadero (goat) to share.
See my previous review for the rundown on the al Pastor and Mahi Mahi. Warning: the al Pastor are a lot spicier than I remember from the first time.
The Lengua (veal tongue, onion ash, braised cabbage, mustard seed mayo) were amazing! They're four dollars cheaper than the skirt steak (I had on my previous visit), and arguably better because the meat is more tender. Now, I know what you're thinking. "I don't want to eat a tongue taco!" but it doesn't look or taste weird. It looks like, and tastes like, a thick cut steak. I'm definitely going to get these probably every time I visit.
The Cabrito Suadero (braised goat, feta, black currants) were good, but not mind-blowing (like the tongue). I've never had goat before, but these tasted like some sort of shredded beef in a beef gravy. I'm glad I tried them, but I probably won't get them again.
The other two of the people I was with each had the El Diablo (reposado, cassis, ginger, lime, soda), and I had both the Tamarind Margarita and the La Rosita (reposado, campari, sweet vermouth). They loved the El Diablo, and I loved the La Rosita. The tamarind margarita was too bitter for me (I assumed it would taste similar to Lolita's Tamarind Sour, which is very sweet, but it didn't). My only problem is their whiskey is only for show.
The guacamole here is incredible. It's thick and has huge avocado chunks. One of the waiters even showed up at the exact moment we ran out of chips with a new bowl. Also, because we were at the bar, we always had at least two bartenders constantly checking on us and refilling our waters. It was great, and I think you get better service than when you sit at a table.
We had the churros for dessert (one order conveniently comes with three, and there were three of us). What a way to top of the meal. They're phenomenal. They come with some sort of "brown butter pear" dip that, although I don't like pears, was amazing. 
The food took unreasonably long to come out, but we didn't mind because we were chilling and drinking. The bartender (our "waiter" for the evening) told us they ran out of tortillas and had to make new ones. He even comped the ~$60 worth of alcohol for our "inconvenience!" We tried to turn down this offer because we weren't inconvenienced (we didn't even complain), but he insisted. I respect that. A lot of other places wouldn't do that unless you complained.The atmosphere is so cool, open, and bright! But the food is not that great. I love my food to have flavor and this restaurant lacked in that department. But the drinks were delicious! Try for yourself ?Came for drinks, stayed for dinner. What started out as a quick meet with friends for a drink after work, turned into a Tuesday evening meal that will definitely result in many return visits in the future.
A beautifully designed restaurant with beautiful, delicious food to match. Started with the yellow fin ceviche - a little hint of spice that was balanced perfectly with watermelon and tomato. Goat chili nachos that were so well done - I always find myself ordering nachos and being disappointed, not this time. It looked like a work of art, individual attention to each delicious chip, perfection!
The gulf shrimp and the mahi mahi tacos were fantastic. Three tacos per meal were the right size and right price. Very flavorful, you can tell this chef is on top of his game.
From start to finish, awesome. Well executed service would make you think this restaurant has been up and running for years when in fact it is the new kid on the block. Welcome, we're glad your here.If you remember this place in its former incarnation, it's a hoot to visit, just to see what they've done with it. I found it short on vegetarian options, but what they offer is excellent. If you like Margaritas, you'll probably be very happy, but if you don't like them, there are excellent beer and wine choices, too. It has a tendency to really fill up, and it can then be loud when it's crowded. I'd focus on getting in early, when the vibe is a bit more relaxed. But if you want a higher energy level, you know what to do!Fried Mahi Mahi tacos. Save some dough and buy some Mrs. Pauls fish sticks and slice your own avacado and radish. The quacamole is goid thoughGreat spot for some Tacos in Philly. I absolutely love the Chips and Salsa to start off with. They have ample of salsas​ to choose from and they are all delicious. I tried the mahi mahi, the steak and the pork Al pastor tacos. All were great. The pork ones were a bit spicy but delicious. The Mahi mahi was perfectly fried and the steak was amazing, this was the first place I've seen medium cooked steak slices in a taco but it worked really well. I did feel like although the food was great, I paid a but much for tacos. Don't get me wrong this place is really good and service is excellent but I've had some amazing tacos at a whole in the wall for a quarter of what dinner cost me there.So much to say! So many good things.
First things first, I posted a question this afternoon about happy hour and the owner responded very promptly! I was so excited I headed over right after work.
The happy hour is amazing! $6 house margaritas. They are delicious. My friend and I also got chips and guacamole...duh! And I got 2 chicken tacos ($2 each!!!!!!) and my friend got a veggie sopa! Holy shit I'm so impressed. So cheap and so delicious. We got three margs each and were feeling a little tipsy! 
The friggin aesthetic is also legit as hell!!! It's so chic and hip. If I didn't have an interview tomorrow to prep for, I would still be there right now. This is 100% my new spot. This is also the BEST deal I've found in the city for a Mexican HH! 
Next time I'm definitely getting the fish tacos and nachos. They seriously looked dope. I will be back here FOR SURE!Lively ambiance and really good margaritas. 
The food options for vegetarians are limited. The mushroom tacos (only veggie option) was forgettable. The guac, enchiladas were better.So I'm born and raised Californian and we came here for a drink and snacks. The food is genuine Mexican and the Horchata is Phenomenal!!! The bartender and hostess were friendly and helpful! Definitely my new spot for genuine carnitas. Good job guys!The picture looked better than how the food actually tasted. The restaurant its self is very cute but the food isn't so great.I really loved this spot. Great shrimp tacos and margaritas. Lovely decor. If I didn't have to go back to work I would have spent all day here.Ok so right off the bat the renovations on this space are truly amazing. It is a large modern space with plenty of natural light. Numerous tables and a large bar. Here's where it goes a little south for me ( no pun intended) as I have been to various regions of Mexico many, many times the food and atmosphere are beyond inauthentic. The tacos arn't bad but nothing special. The juices are not fresh either. Pretty disappointing and the price points are a little high.Following a morning of walking the streets during this year's Philly Free Streets event, we stopped here for drinks and snacks. The margaritas were excellent, and the empanadas and churros were nothing short of amazing. My two cents: Two thumbs up!The service is great! The food was good, but my tacos and nachos were a little burnt. I got the guava margarita which was delicious. For those that like spicy, get it with chili.Huge fan of their lunch deal. Don't be deceived as the food is fairly filling. Lunch deal comes with 1 order of tacos (3), soup, and a drink. Definitely worth since the price of the tacos itself are somewhat high. Nice ambiance, bright lights. Tacos tasted great, shrimp one was my favorite.I went here for happy hour on Friday.  Arrived at 5:30 and was seated right away, no wait.  Note: they will not seat you unless your whole party is there.  The happy hour drinks were great but the spicy margarita was the true standout.  We also ate a plate of nachos, delicious.  Service was a little slow but it was a busy Friday night, so understandable.  The decor is adorable; bright, fun, and festive.
UPDATE: Came here for dinner and the food was wonderful.  We started with a plate of nachos to share and then shared the fried mahi mahi tacos and beef short rib tacos.  The service was fast and friendly.  I still think it is silly that (1) they don't take reservations; and (2) they wont seat you until your whole party is there.3.5 To keep it short, I liked the way the restaraunt looked, the food was pretty good, too. I tried the short rib and fried mahi mahi tacos (my favorite part of the visit) and nachos. Service was meh at best and the prices were a little more than I felt they should be for what we got.Corn side is to die for. Great guacamole and salsa. Some of the tacos are spicy but they are all really great. Cool atmosphere.I loved this old space when it was Nodding Head Brewery, but it is now infinitely better! They completely revamped the space to be bright, beautiful and fresh. I can say the same about the menu and flavors. I enjoyed my meal here of fish tacos and empanadas. My only complaint is the pricing - it seems a bit high, and the portions aren't huge. Also, the happy hour isn't much of a deal. Hopefully they will play around with their pricing and portions until they hit the right balance - for me, it's too expensive to make it a regular lunch.The wait on Saturday was pretty long but it was nothing compared to some of the other restaurants along the road. The wait at the bar was pleasant and the bartenders were nice. I highly recommend the Habanero Margarita. 
My friends and I ordered tacos, which were pretty awesome! Of the three we had (shrimp, albacore, and Mahi-Mahi), the Albacore and Mahi-Mahi were my favorites. Prior to the tacos, we ordered the nachos...there was a lot going on with the nachos and every bite was appreciated.
For dessert, we had the Tres Leches and the churros. Both were delicious. The Tres Leches in particular was great! 
I can't wait to go back and try happy hour!Great food, nice young ambiance. Great place to meet for a casual date or grab dinner with friends. Expect nice open loft-like space, young patrons, delicious tacos, and a must-get guac. They even have a fuse ball table to entertain your group of friends, and ability to rent out a few tables at a time for corporate social events.I have been there twice in last two weeks and both times the food was delicious. The guacamole is very good. Had the chicken torta which was great - it's large so you may want to share. Last time I tried the skirt steak tacos and they were equally as tasty. The space is bright - nice renovation to the former space. Looking forward to returning.I have to preface by saying that I didn't exhaust the menu during my visit, and I'm not local so I'm not entirely sure that I will have the opportunity to do so in the future.
I started the meal with the guava margarita which was great. Rim was salted well and it tasted really good. Not like a store bought guava juice that you may get elsewhere.
As I was dining by myself I skipped the apps and went straight for the taco plates. I got the Beef Short Rib tacos which were very small; even for street tacos. The meat was good, avocado/jalapeno sauce was also good. However, they were horrendously greasy. You really have to expect more at $5/taco. I left hungry as any other item on the menu is $9-$10 and I wasn't ready to spend $50+ on an average meal for 1.
At more authentic taquerias you could certainly expect nearly the same quality of flavor. I think this place can charge what it does based on how incredibly trendy it is. It's definitely a nice inside space, but my tacos were lacking.
I give it three stars because the food was "meh", but the margarita was great and the vibe was good.Delicious food and drinks. Great service. Fresh ambiance. Awesome manager Lindsey!  Worth the drive from D.C.!walked by this place and caught my attention. I went there with a friend for brunch and I was very pleased with their service.Such a cute place!! Great lunch spot. Very open and airy. I feel very on trend in a casual way when I eat here. The express lunch is such a great deal, and so filling. Tortilla soup, short rib tacos, & hibiscus Fresca are my go-to pairings, but the torta is also a worthy opponent not included in the express lunch deal.Love this place. Hipster trendy vibe. Excellent tacos and lamb plate. They have my favorite beer - numero uno by flying fish brewer. Huge foosball and shuffleboard. Definitely a place to hangout all day and drink with your friends.So far I have been to mission for happy hour, dinner, lunch (weekday) and brunch (weekend). 
Happy hour
Always fun, can get a little crowded but there is still plenty of seating. The margs are delicious and they generally have pretty awesome food specials as well. The wings are always good and I recommend trying thier salsa for sure
Dinner/brunch/lunch
Service was great. The food was also good, got the nachos. The only downside is that the tables are oddly low to the ground and don't really offer much space below if you happen to be tall. (I was unable to sit come comfortably with my leg crossed as my knees would bang into the table) I have tried most of the tacos and they are pretty standard.
Would definitely recommend you check this place out.Mission is a great place if you're looking for good vibes, trendy ambiance, and great margaritas. I bring friends here all the time and everyone is always pleasantly surprised by how chic and cool it is. It's on the second story so it can be harder to find but that makes it more fun. Its in a great location to start drinking here (while you casually play bar games and meet new people at the bar and picnic style tables) and then move on to other nearby bars like ladder 15 etc. I can't wait to come back and try the brunch!This is the great stuff.  Excellent place - open, light and comfy. Service quick and really friendly  
Asked waitress for chips and her choice of three salsas. Do it!!   All three were great!  
Short rib tacos literally the best I've ever had.   Tasty and delicious.  You never want to stop eating them. 
We sat right in front of the kitchen counter and talked to the woman as she hand-rolled and pressed every corn tortilla.  A waiter came over and gave us a complimentary pork taco -- fantastic!!!!   What flavors.  
The wood-fire grilled meat make the flavors pop!  Service excellent.  Staff all friendly and accommodating.  Outstanding place.  I'll be back.This place rocks. Trendy little taco spot on the second floor with an eclectic Margarita menu($6 at happy hour!) including a 'green juice' Margarita - vitamins and tequila um YES. Have tried the Mushroom, Steak and Mahi tacos, would definitely recommend all three. The gaucamole is delicious with the perfect kick of lime and the nachos are a plate full of cheesy beany beefy deliciousness. The only item I would not recommend would be the quesadillas, not sure if it was just mine but it tasted like the beans were burnt and very salty.I stopped at Mission Taqueria last night for my first time and really loved it! I came with two friends around 9 pm and we were able to sit at the bar right away. Upon entering, the space is very hip with some dark mood lighting.
For drinks, I went with the Paloma (which left a smoky aftertaste) and the Naughty Woman which I preferred a little more. Since it was later on in the evening, we only ordered chips and salsa but I have to say, the chips were delicious! Not too salty which I really liked. 
This is a great place to go for a casual date night!I came here with 4 friends on a friday night for dinner. Since we were having dinner, we elected to sit at a table rather than jockey for position at an incredibly crowded bar.  When we asked for the happy hour specials, our server told us that we could not order from that menu because we were seated for dinner. We all though it was an odd policy that penalizes dinners (who will on average spend much more money than the drinks-only happy hour crowd). Other than that, I adore this place. Drinks and tacos are fantastic!