Yummy yummy yummy. We sat at the coffee bar with Janilex - she was awesome and so down to earth and friendly, even on a busy Saturday afternoon. We had the Gallo Pinto with vegan chorizo, Mixto Criollo, Cubano and vegetarian omelet. I could have done w/o the vegan chorizo and the cubano was a little dry, but all else, amazing. Hot sauce, also amazing. Bloody Marys and Tres Leches  We've found a new go-to brunch spot in Philly.Rule #1 to finding a great brunch spot in any unknown city:  find the gay neighborhood and walk for 3 blocks!  From my experiences, this rule applies to San Francisco, San Diego, and now Philadelphia.  Mixto was a surprise, and I must say it was nice to have a great Sunday brunch with a large party and not have to wait in line for it.  I had some dish that isn't on any of the online menus I've seen--maybe they've recently changed?!--it had a little bit of everything.  Eggs, spicy rice & beans, steak & onions, sweet plantains, and oh yeah, a brick of fried cheese.  Yeah, that's right, deep fried f'n cheese.  Everything was delicious.  It was a bummer I didn't get a chance to try any of their drinks--unfortunately, this time I was with the wrong crowd for that.  I did have a cafe con leche that was amazing.  Either way, it was nice to find a brunch that comes with hot sauce.I am in love with this place. Great atmosphere, awesome food and mojitos and wonderful service. A big shout out to our server Jesús for being amazing! :-)This is more like a 3.5 (which is not offered by Yelp). 
The food was really good, but they're certainly taking advantage of being in this neighborhood because it was pretty expensive for the amount of food you get.
We were only here for happy hour (BAR ONLY, which is lame because some of my favorite restaurants offer it to all of the tables as well), but we  had the guacamole and the Plato Mixto (Arepas, empanadas, chicharrones, chorizo, shrimp ceviche, tostones, maduros and papa relleno).
So far this is the only restaurant I've seen put guacamole on the happy hour menu, but that's the only time I would get it because it was smaller than my favorite "modern Mexican" restaurant's serving for the same price, $12 (regular price at Mixto, but is $6 during happy hour).
They only include the beer menu if you sit at the bar. They're clearly trying to sell you their $10+ cocktails (normal for around here). 
The service was standard for any other restaurant. Nothing to rave about. I found myself wondering why my water wasn't refilled (because I drink a lot of water when it's hot out), but I didn't have to request more. It was refilled in enough time. 
The Plato Mixto was not as big as I expected for $24. It was wasn't* tiny, but I think $18-20 would've been more appropriate. The chorizo was great, the empanadas were good, I could live without the chicharrones ((never had it (from anywhere), but it was just fried pork fat that was really tough to eat, nothing special, would not order by itself)), and the shrimp ceviche was awesome (also never had this from anywhere, but this made me want to order it elsewhere when it's available).
I saw the waiters bring out entrees to other people, and they looked great. I'll eventually come back, but I'm not dying to go back tomorrow.To be fair I haven't been in the past year or more. But across  the board Mixto is a disappointment.
My Cuban better-half and I tried it a couple of times, once alone, once with friends who wanted to go. The food, for latin cuisine, was remarkably bland. Latin food uses simple ingredients and it's all about developing flavors and building on those simple components. Mixto's food was largely flavorless. Like they just squeezed a lime over it and called it 'latin.' The moros (rice cooked with beans) was completely devoid of flavor. 
Only go if you are absolutely desperate for latin food.Mixto is a gayborhood staple in Philly.  It has a lively ambience and the food was great. Looks can be deceiving, though.  During my visit to Mixto, I probably had one of the worst service experiences I've had, and unfortunately after our meal we heard similar experiences from friends.  
We visited later evening on a Saturday night, where the restaurant was full and lively.  We were seated on the first floor fairly quickly and near the open door/windows for a nice, airy dinner.  As we sat, the busboy came over and filled our water glasses.  However, the server was nowhere to be seen...  After about 20 minutes, and 2 or 3 glasses of water, we were greeted by our server. 
More often than not, once a server notices you, things are generally smooth sailing...not this time. It took 20 more minutes for our margaritas to arrive, and another 10-15  minutes after that for our appetizers to arrive. Our server did not check on us. (He was actually cleaning the air ducts with a stick and a towel on the end of the stick, which was thankfully not near our table.) We'd now been seated for about an hour, and only gotten to our appetizers. 
All in all, food was OK. 
House Margaritas not great. 
Service was downright horrendous.  
Let's hope this place gets it together or I won't be back.Another great meal at a restaurant in Philadelphia! More and more this city is impressing me with its culinary prowess...but I digress
My fiancé and I decided to check out Mixto for some Sunday afternoon brunch. I didn't know this before coming to the restaurant, but Mixto actually specializes in Cuban/Colombian cuisine (pretty much Latin inspired dishes). 
Mixto has a very "homey", comfortable atmosphere to it. The very first thing I had to have was coffee with cream, or "cafe con leche". The coffee was excellent, and gave me a nice boost throughout the day. For brunch, I had to go with the heuvos rancheros, considering we were at a Latin inspired restaurant. The eggs came with a creole sauce, refried beans, tortilla chips, and I choose chorizo (one of like 4 meat options). 
The eggs were very good, and definitely kicked up a notch with the creole sauce on top. The chorizo was also enjoyable to. But I found the tortilla chips to be the best part of the dish! They were so fresh and crunchy, clearly these were made in house. I found the best way to eat this dish was to top a chip with some eggs, beans, and a little piece of chorizo, a great combo overall! My fiancé got the veggie frittata, which looked very good but I didn't try it so I can't say more than that.
We both really enjoyed our meals here, and now look forward to coming back for dinner!I was visiting a friend in the city last night and we decided to get a bite to eat. What a great find! we were seated inside, right by the open window and it was perfect.
 I told our waiter Jesus, to pick a good margarita for me... and he did - a "skinny margarita", nothing skinny about it! My friend tried a couple of beers. We had the Tostones Bruschetta for an appetizer, something new and different for both of us - we enjoyed it. My friend had the Vegetarian Paella and I had a chicken and rice Cubano. The servings were HUGE! It seemed like the more I ate, the rice multiplied, it didn't even look like I put a dent in it.
I highly recommend the restaurant, great food atmosphere and attentive staff!!!Started off my brunch with a Peach Mimosa. Delicious. Then I ordered the Mexican Breakfast which was absolutely to die for! 
They give you a complimentary bread that was toasted in butter...so it was warm with just the right amount of crisp to it. Our waitress was attentive and welcoming and the service is "right on the money" as they say. 
The Mexican Breakfast was pretty filling and beautifully plated. The mimosa was about $8 that came in a nice champagne glass. However, I think around $5 would be a more reasonable price. 
It was my first visit and I definitely want to go back to try more of their dishes. One of friends had a sirloin steak with eggs and toast and it looked just as good as mine.Other than the noise level being a bit higher than I would normally like, the food was awesome, had a beyond wonderful server and the decor was simplistic yet charming. A great place if you're in a festively active mood. I'll definitely be back here.Food was very good. Fair prices. What made this 3 stars was our server, who was HORRIBLE. Short stout woman, Latin descent. Slow, not friendly, slow. Oh, did I say SLOW?!?I have to say that I'm a pretty big fan of Mixto. I've been twice so far and have been pleasantly surprised both times, for different reasons. My first visit was solely a "bar night" with some friends and we doused ourself in Mixto's margaritas and infamous "bulldog." I don't recommend this HUGE drink unless you have ATLEAST two people to share it with! It was good though.
 The second time that I visited Mixto was just the other night, for a more formal dinner. A friend and I sampled a number of the cheap $4 - $5 beers and some of the house White Zin. For dinner, I had the Caesar Salad. I can't say enough about the salad! Not only was it beautifully prepared, it was probably one of the best salads I've had! My friend who played it safe with some fries and random sides also seemed happy enough.
Give this place a shot and sit outside if you can! The crowd has been great both times. I love that the patrons are a mix of straight and gay men and women. Great times. I'll be back!So as soon as I walked in with my boyfriend and his mom, we were barely greeted by the hostess who rudely said that if wanted the happy hour specials we HAD to sit at the bar, not at a table? Very weird. But anyway, my steak and mashed potatoes were amazing. my coconut mohito was even better! Unfortunately, as I was just about finished eating, i and to run to the bathroom and throw up. Maybe the steak? Maybe something in the mohito? not sure. but don't want to go back even though it tasted good.Wonderful food and wonderful ambiance in this place.  We enjoyed our dinners and they were nice enough to make allowances for dietary restrictions.Drove up 3 hrs from D.C., didn't know we needed rsvp, girls got us in, and food was delicious, Olga our server worked fast and hard. This place was crazy busy on a rainy Saturday. We'll have to drive up here again soon!Food was very good as well as the drinks.  The issue was there were 4 of us and we sat upstairs where it was very hard to hold a conversation due to the noise.I was here for drinks with some co-workers for happy hour... we left at like 9pm. It was a great time...
I had a margarita, classic of course, i dont like to try flavors because sometimes it's too syrupy or too sweet. I like lime and salt, I can't do mango or peach with sugar, it's not me. So it was good but not great, so I ended up having beer after that.
I had the empanadas as an app because I thought we were just going to be there for happy hour not a long time. I believe it was some sort of seafood empanada and they were ok, but I like the more of the fried empanada or maybe a bread type. These were just ok. My friend had the calamari and it was amazing, so much food for a good price.
The staff was so nice and friendly, we were at times difficult (in my mind) you know when you know what you want but others dont and they sit there and ask questions and then think about what they want and you feel bad because theyre taking too long? yea... check. but the server didnt seem to mind.
at the end i felt pretty bad because everyone pretty much stopped drinking and we just talked, it felt like we were imposing and taking up a table. i hope that the nice tip made up for it.
the atmosphere was so romantic i would love to go back on a date with the bf and actually try their menu and some fruity drinks!No words can explain how delicious the food here is. get a mojito and empanadas to start and go from there. I've tried about 4 or 5 different items on the menu so far and I loved every taste of it.I had a great dinner experience here and I am looking forward to going back to try their brunch. Three of us went out for dinner and drinks. We spent about $55 each, which was a great deal for the amount of delicious food and drinks we got. 
We started with some house margaritas and a sampler plate. I would definitely recommend this. Although it was a bit expensive, ($23 I think...) it gave us a chance to try each appetizer that we couldn't decide on. We loved every bit of it. Plaintains, beef and chicken empanandas, chorizo, shrimp among other things. That plate alone was extremely filling, I'd say that would be a very adventurous undertaking for two people-- it could probably be a meal on its own!
I was deciding between the "Old Clothes" platter and the scallops. The waiter made the decision easy for me. "Old Clothes" = very heavy meal, Scallops = light meal. I went for the scallops in a cream sauce with cheese, potatoes and vegetables. Absolutely delicious. The sauce was just creamy enough with a great flavor for the scallops. 
My friends had a whiskey steak and chicken stuffed with peppers and shrimp. I got to sample a little bit of everything and was very impressed. Each dish was served with black beans and rice. I wish we had room to try dessert, but we were so full from our meal...it just couldn't happen.
The service was good, but not the fastest. They were quite busy and we were chatting away, so it wasn't a big deal. The waiter did take his time to answer all of our questions, make recommendations and explain what was in each dish.
Mixto is a great spot to grab a meal/drinks. They also have outdoor seating, which is a huge plus with the great weather. We didn't want to wait 30+ mins for an outdoor table, but they seated us right in the front and opened up the glass doors, so it was just as good.For the amount of hype my friend gave this place, I found it disappointing in the quality of the food. I ordered a pork tenderloin dish which came out with the texture and flavor composition of leather. Thankfully our server was excellent. Their service really was a saving grace. I let him know about the food and he sent back the food and brought me out a recommendation that was very good. Otherwise the mojitos are great. I'd suggest a pitcher if you have 3 people at a table. This place is good but I wouldn't say I'd stop by regularly.I love this place! I've only been here for brunch -- but I have had many a brunch. The spicy bloody marys are fantastic and HIGHLY recommended. I've tried multiple things on the  menu and it is a hit or miss for me. The eggs benedict are great, empanadas are also really good but my favorite and go-to is the gallo pinto, which has a little bit of everything. One of the best brunch spots in Philly.To be honest, I wasn't that hungry when I visited. That being said, overall I had a pretty decent dining experience. 
It was my last night in Philadelphia before my vacation came to an end. Made reservations via OpenTable for 8:00 pm on a Saturday night. Got there an hour early but there were several open tables on the ground floor. At first the hostess hesitated a bit and said I may have to sit outside. I certainly did not want to dine outside so then she showed two open tables on the second floor, which was more to my liking.
There was a group of about 10 about two tables away from me and they were VERY loud. Any way I placed my order... Had the tropical mojito and the Arroz con Camarones which were both pretty good. 
Great, at tentative server (forgot his name).
Overall good experience... I'd go again.We had three appetizers. Guacamole, Beef Empanadas, and Shrimp in garlic sauce. All were excellent! For our main entree we had the filet mignon tips and pork Pernil! Both very flavorful and out of this world! Service was very good and waiter was knowledgeable about the food. I highly recommend this Latin American restaurant. Flavors  from Cuba, Spain, Argentina, Peru and Colombia.Every time I am in Philadelphia I come here. It has never disappointed me or my friends . Simply love it. Margaritas, , food, ambiance everything is perfect. Fabulous !The food was fantastic! I was a little skeptical because I had eaten Cuban food before when I was in Key West & it was just fried garbage. So I was really impressed and very satisfied by the end of my meal at Mixto. I had chicken with a mushroom cream sauce & the black bean soup. All of it delicious. The atmosphere is perfect and the service was great. Only problem was this place was SO authentic, that it was hard to understand the waiters sometimes. But that didn't take away from everything else.Food is fantastic. Brunch drink specials are great. Awesome for groups, no sports or tvs. Service was kinda bad. Music selection is fun.I've been here a bunch of times, but visiting twice in the past two weeks has inspired me to finally write a review. 
Great location. Upstairs/downstairs, bars on both floors. Cute, friendly hostesses. It's real cozy and comfortable in here. 
I always sit upstairs when I come here. I'm not entirely sure why. I've had dinners in groups of six or more here, I've also had dinners for two - it's always been an enjoyable time. 
The food is great, the atmosphere is great. That having been said, Mixto is casual in every sense of the word. It's elegant while absent the haughtiness of fine dining, with the warmth and authenticity of Latin comfort food. 
The menu has changed subtly a couple of times. The original ceviche dish they had was awesome. Almost one of those dream-worthy meals. You could choose your meat (halibut, octopus or shrimp) and it came in a nice-sized bowl. Now, the ceviche is a medley of all the meats together in a smaller portion. 
I'm more of a beer and shot guy, so I can't speak on the mojitos or margaritas. I've had dates that loved them, others that didn't think they were anything special. I did get to talking with people at the bar and the bartender and apparently they have a spicy mojito that is supposed to be very hot and very good. 
If it happens to be your M.O. on a given outing, there are few places better for drinks and appetizers. You're not getting your typical mediocre pub menu items here. In fact, the one thing which amazed me during my most recent visit was their Plato Mixto. This is what at other places you might call, a sampler platter. 
My date was pushing for the Plato Mixto. I wanted to get an assortment of individual appetizers. My logic being, a sampler dish typically gives you a couple of bites of maybe four or five different items. Hardly enough for two - right?
She won out and I'm glad. The Plato Mixto was awesome. It included eight different items and was beyond ample. Gluttons & binge-eaters aside, this thing is sufficient for dinner.
The empanadas, chorizo and chicarrones are all habit forming. If you enjoy Latin food and those items in particular, you will not be disappointed. The Sopa Valenciana is a great seafood dish. 
Would you like to enjoy yourself over a great meal in a relaxed comfortable environment? Go to Mixto. 
Just watch yourself on the stairs on the way out. ;)I've been here a few times and I've always been pleased.  Their bread is wonderful and so are their Mojitos!  I'm planning to go there this Saturday for brunch.Returning to this place after 5 years on a Sunday evening very bad meal mediocre Margareta with mix although waiter says not the case 
awful potato 
Generally bad stay awayGreat place for happy hour! 5$ margharittas and 5$ empanadas (the cheese ones are the best by far! Great for bar food!) 
Good service too, the guys at the bar are fast and friendly
This place is simply fun for happy hour, we find ourselves coming here almost every Thursday!Style points baby. Style points....
Great atmosphere, awesome waiter, wonderful mojitos and stellar Cuban delights. 
We were promptly seated on a cold Friday afternoon. Check one.
Waiter brought over our half priced mojitos and some awesome pan fried bread. check two.
my small group ordered a few apps and they were quickly brought out. All were pipping hot and delicious. I really liked the mussels and chorizo. The deep fried pork was pretty top notch too.
My main course meal was Pork Shoulder, rice and pigeon peas, and tostones (fried plantains). It was remarkable. Everything I ate was authentico. Growing up Puerto Rican I know the taste of real Caribbean food. This was it. 
5 stars and they did it with style. Shit, I am surprised the waiter didn't start salsa dancing my fiancee up. I don't think I would've minded.Order the margarita pitcher and you won't leave depraved of an enjoyable dining experience.  If you're going on a date, or even a group, and plan on drinking, it's a much better deal to pay 30 smackaroos for a pitcher (which is fairly sizable), than to each pay for a few individual drinks.
It's a pleasing and warm atmosphere, espesh in the spring and summer months when the weather is nice.  Outdoor seating and tall open windows give a nice breath of fresh air from Pine Street.  It does get a bit cramped in there when it's busy, and I have been bumped more than a few times by servers and fellow diners.  But patience is a virtue, and if you wait long enough, like I've had to for a server to even take my drink order, then you will be rewarded with a delicious meal.  
As far as it being "authentic", I cannot vouch for that entirely, having not had much experience with Columbian and Cuban cuisine.  But my palate and belly were pleased after my meals here.
The empanadas were nice and flaky, and just the right size for an appetizer.  Good deal, too.  The plantains bruschetta and plantains served with guacamole were delish as well.  The plantains are cooked nicely, and not to mush.  The vegetarian platter for an entree was very good.  It's definitely a full plate, encompassing a barrage of different flavors and textures.  There was almost a bit too much going on with this entree - seemed a bit scatterbrained, espesh in appearance - but the flavors are still very nice.  You don't have to be a vegetarian to thoroughly enjoy this plate.The food was good, the drinks were good, everything was good loved our experience. When we are back in Philadelphia this is one spot to visit again.their brunch was delicious. a little pricey but worth it. great bloody mary's and good service. very bright and airy inside. one downer was the noise. it was very noisy, but if you can get past that, then you'll enjoy it. 
very flavorful food and they don't skimp. you definately get a beautiful meal both visually and taste wise. 
for local center city residents its worth the walk.I stopped here for drinks so I didn't eat but the Peach Sangria was ! Will def come back!Mixto is a the go-to place if you have a large group of people and a last minute rsvp (thank you OpenTable). For some reason they can always seat big parties with ease! The food is always reliable, and their mojito pitchers are always a sureway to have fun (with a side of hangover in the morning). Food is good, atmosphere is great.Hit or miss here. I have been in the neighborhood for over a decade and still I never know what I am going to get. Service, quality, or even just a nice welcome. Not sure why I keep trying. 
Food quality is usually good if not better but it seems they lose all rules when they are busy And that is when they should be their best.Green plantain empanadas were light and fresh - the pork dishes were traditionally prepared and absolutely delicious.I had no idea this place had brunch. Came with a group and the hostess put us in front of the soccer game.  Great options off of the norm for brunch. And refreshing smoothies. I got the soursopFour stars just would not do.
I came here on a Wednesday night and I was immediately drawn in by the blue lights outside. There is seating outside, inside, and upstairs, and we were seated across from the hostess by a window. It's pretty loud, so I wouldn't bring anyone here on a first date, but perfect for date number two or three when it's okay to yell "HUH?" Without feeling rude. The decor is really cute and there's all kinds of little dainty interior finds to look at. Bathroom was extremely clean so kudos to that but there's only one stall. Eh
We started off with a double margarita (mango) and an appetizer - the plantain and guac. It was ridiculous - the margarita was very tasty but still strong, and the guac was heavenly. I wish there were more plantain chips but I usually wish that when the food is good. I got the Arroz con camerones (shrimp) and that was just as tasty. The server was on point, the music was on point, and all in all it was a delightful experience. 
**** A plate can be between $15-$36 so just be mindful before you're seated ! Luckily for me it was a treat!Awesome mojitos (a dozen to choose from) and Sangria
Awesome food
The Charrasco Argentino is one of the best steaks I've ever had.  It is so good I've recommended it at least a dozen times and most people give me the same "oh my god this steak is like the best I've ever had" line.  I love their Ropa Vieja, their rice and beans are great.  I've not had a bad meal or experience here.
I've enjoyed Mixto at least a dozen times and the reason for my 5 stars is every setting has been awesome over the past 6 years.  I was there a few weeks ago with 5 people (you need 6 or more for a reservation) and was seated, attended and well fed.  Our waitress was prompt, meals came out fast and hot and everyone had a fantastic time.  
The cuban palace is two stories, a bar on both floors.  They have outside seating and generally the wait isn't too bad at peak times.  
Some of the waiters can be tough to understand, but pointing at the menu always worked for me!This is my favorite Philly restaurant for the following: reliably good food, nice atmosphere, downtown but off the beaten path, and sangria by the pitcher.  I've been here a million times and I'm the first to admit maybe it's a little over priced and the service is friendly but not awesome. But it's a quality experience for date night or a large group. 
Let me recommend the paella, which comes in servings for one or two share. It's a huge portion either way and it's hard to find on a lot of other menus. For appetizers the guacamole and plantain chips is a must. Be careful not to fill up on the yummy table bread.  
I love some of the other Latin places in town too but when I crave Mixto.My favorite place in the city to eat. Incredibly priced. Brunch here is my favorite meal by far. Even though it gets crowded the atmosphere is always pleasant. Can't say enough good things about Mixto.The service here is amazing!
The hosts here are not only beautiful, but they are very accommodating.
The Calamares Fritos was a great way to start. I was really hopeful for the rest of my meal.
My boyfriend loved his Salmon al la Parrilla...so much that he didn't even let me try it!
The tres leche cake tasted like Heaven in my mouth.
The Tilapia Mango however, just wasn't anything to get out of bed for. It tasted dry and improperly cooked. It definitely could've used a sauce. I could've had a V8!awesome place for delicious, relatively authentic food. i had dinner with a friend one evening. i ordered the sangria and the ropa vieja because the latter dish is, hands-down, one of my favorite cuban dishes. the ropa vieja was fantastic. there was a healthy portion of meat with a side of rice and beans. with the sangria, i had more than enough food. (i was particularly hungry that evening since i had missed lunch so i was able to eat the entire entree, but if i had been more sated, i would have easily been able to box half to take home.)  my friend enjoyed her scallop entree and was able to make a substitution (salad for rice and beans) without an extra charge. 
prices are reasonable. the dining space is nice, and there is optional outdoor seating.Vegetarian Paella was very mediocre.   
3.5 for atmosphere.   
T.G.I. Friday's quality food and drinks.
I would drink here again.  Eat elsewhere.This review makes me sad because I love MIXTO!  The arroz con pollo and the mango salad with salmon and the camerones...I've been coming here for many years.  I went for dinner last week and was really disappointed with my food.  I ordered the tequila salmon and it came out room temperature (almost cold) with yellow rice and black beans which were similarly lukewarm and sweet plantains which never arrived.  I told the server about the salmon and he brought me out another piece of grilled salmon which was better but that time I wasn't even hungry anymore. And my drink was nearly alcohol-less.  It was a sad day for me at Mixto...but everyone has an off day...I will return again and give them an opportunity to redeem themselves!I was pretty devestated when "Two Sisters" closed (anyone??) and was quite skeptical when rumors began to spread of a Cuban restaurant occupying the space. Soon after opening, Mixto became one of my favorite all-purpose restaurants in Philly. I have been to several other Cuban restaurants in the city and have found Mixto to be the only one worth revisiting. I've been there for all kinds of occasions--a romantic date, brunch with Mom, a large birthday party, late night cocktails at the bar. The staff is incredibly accomodating for large groups, mostly due to great use of the expansive two-storied space. Party of 12? No reservation? Right this way! 
The entrees are generous in size, not-overly spicy, and consistently good. The mojitos are delicious and a tad sweet, albeit dangerously potent. My only real hesitation for not visiting Mixto more regularly is my tendency to over-indulge while there. It is pretty much guaranteed that I will leave stuffed and slightly drunk.Jason makes an event delightful. Quick, knowledgeable & FRiENDLY bartender in spite of crazy wedding reception. Very good food items on 2nd floor.  Managers Isabel and Magali are exceptional for helping clients & heading off "situations"
If I could hire them I would for their savvy & f'ng great work ethic!!!!!!Great strawberry coconut mojitos, or as the bartender called them "stroconut" flavored. The guacamole was great too, but come for the best mojitos in philly.(Happy Hour review only) Mixto has a pretty standard Happy Hour menu - $3 beers, $5 mojitos/margaritas, and $5 plates. My boyfriend likes the margaritas and I really like the mojitos - and they don't skimp on the alcohol for Happy Hour at all! The guacamole is pretty good and comes with plantain chips for dipping. The cheese empanadas aren't my favorite - tastes like it has ricotta in there and really wants to be a stuffed shell when it grows up. I'm mostly pescatarian so we haven't tried the beef or chicken ones yet - those may be better options. The shrimp skewers are delicious but at 4 shrimp for $5 ... eh! We've also tried the mussels and those were yummy. 
We have eaten happy hour on the tables outside, but this most recent time we were there only had happy hour at the bar. The windows/doors were all open so it still felt like we were outside and we got a great seat on the ledge overlooking the dining room so we could people watch. 
Also, if you're dining there when the bar is crowded, I suggest a table closer to the windows or outside. I accidentally kicked the wall under the ledge any time I needed to move around and I imagine that isn't fun for the people whose faces are right near that wall on the other side trying to enjoy their dinner.
It all ends too soon at 6:30! Overall, a decent happy hour spot that we do keep coming back to, but would be nice to see some different food options pop up once in a while. And I wish it lasted until 7! I always feel crunched for time though I guess getting there at 5:45 doesn't help us!I don't normally  post on yelp but I was extremely disappointed with the overall experience that we had today at Mixto. I've been here before for brunch and thought everything was outstanding. However today was a different story. We went in for a quick bite and drinks for happy hour, something we don't normally get to enjoy very often because we are similarly in the industry.  From the host, to the food, to the service it was all extremely disappointing. 
I don't know if it was because we asked for happy hour, but the host was extremely unwelcoming and dismissive when i asked for a happy hour menu after being sat outside. We ordered four plates of food and it was disappointing to say the least. I completely understand that it's happy hour so the portions are going to be smaller but the quality of them shouldn't be less. 
The service wasn't terrible  but I guess that's because I was being understanding for being in the industry.Mixto's is a Latin American restaurant off of South street with a fun, energetic vibe.  I love going here for ladies night or a romantic dinner - not often can you find a spot that serves both purposes.
I highly recommend the mango tilipia, empanadas, chicken soup and cubano cubed chicken (I think that's what it is called).  Make sure you order it all with the arroz con guandules.  Oh and the mango mojitos are THEE best!  They also have yummy bread that is dipped in butter and fried..........YUM!
The (2) things that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that parking is horrible - so plan ahead.  The 2nd is that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes you get a good server and other times they are mediocre.....but the food does help to make up for this.  Enjoy!Good food but below average service. Came here on a Sunday night with a few friends. The place wasn't too busy so we were sat immediately. Our waiter was a little standoffish from the start but we chose to ignore it. We ordered our drinks and food and they both took forever to arrive. Our waters were also never refilled unless we asked for them to be refilled (they sat empty at the table for a long while before we had to ask). The bread and food also took forever to arrive considering it was fairly empty in the restaurant. Food was good, but not great enough for me to ignore their average service. 
Won't be coming back here. Their prices are a little high for sub par service.Came here once for a friend's birthday a couple of weeks ago. I heard the Ropa Vieja was good from yelp, so decided to try it, but honestly it was nothing special. 
The atmosphere was nice and it was a great place to have a birthday dinner, just wished I got something else. My friend got the Pernil Rostisado (with Pork Chop) and it was very good. I will get that next time.I've gone to mixto now for both happy hour and dinner - both were great experiences.
For happy hour, I tried a Mojito and Margarita. Both tasted good, nothing special, but were relatively well priced at $5 each. I also tried their beef and chicken empanadas and both were amazing!! Highly highly recommend. Again, for happy hour, it's only $5 dollars for 3 pretty good sized pieces. 
For dinner, I again had the chicken empanadas because this has to be my favorite from this restaurant, but at $6 for two pieces, it's kinda pricy. It was nice though that they give bread to the table, so you really don't even have to order an appetizer if you're on a budget. For my main entree, I ordered the "bandeja tipica" and let me tell you, if you are a meat eater or just really hungry, this is the plate to get. It comes with 4 kinds of meat, rice, beans, plantains, avocado, an egg, and a cornmeal type thing. Overall, I enjoyed the plate and had enough to take home and eat the next day. My friend had the "montuno de lechon" and unfortunately, as much as I liked my dish, both of us agreed her plate was way too salty. 
Our waiter was nice and the food came out relatively quickly for how busy the place was. Also, I don't know how long they'll have the promotion for, but if you check in with yelp and subscribe to their mailing list, you get 10% off your check! (Which we did).Went here a few times for happy hour and dinner. The food was delish, and the mojitos were strong and delicious. Great happy hour specials.This place is really fantastic for happy hour.  They have 1/2 off margaritas and mojitos till 7PM.  The bartenders are extremely friendly and the place wasn't too crowded.
The crispy pork bites were so delicous that when one flew out of my mouth onto the floor, I considered for a brief moment to pick it up and eat it.   The plaintain chips and gaucamole and the ceviche were also amazing.  I will definitely be returning back here for happy hour.Much delicious.
So Latin food.
Very wow.
The mofongo con camarones could use a few more shrimp and a bit more creole sauce (which is served on the side). Otherwise it's very tasty and apparently the best and most authentic mofongo you can get in the city. 
The boy went with ropa vieja, a favorite of his growing up in Puerto Rico. (He did explain that it's a Cuban dish, though.) He let me try and I was hooked. The steak is extremely tender and so flavorful!
I got the scallops. I'm a sucker for scallops and wow: I'm in love with Mixto's. The scallops were huge and cooked to absolute perfection, and the sweet corn cream sauce went really well with the scallops and accompanying vegetables. 
This place is amazeballs.Had a very nice dinner at Mixto last night and I can't stop thinking about my meal. Their menu is wide-ranging and I did have a little difficulty settling on what to order. We started with the beef empanadas which were good (a little greasy but not too greasy) and the sauce it came with was nice and spicy. He ended up with the Arroz con Pollo Cubano for his entrée and it was amazing! It had the perfect amount of spices, very flavorful but not excessively so, and a good portion too. The service was great as well, we walked in on a busy night and they found a table for two right away. I'll be back soon.This place looks like it has so much promise, but my girlfriend and I ended up paying 60 dollars for dog food.
We started off with the guacamole.  The plaintain chips were stale.  The guacamole was served on a plate and looked like cat food that came out of a can.
Next we had the plato mixto.  Everything was either really dry and bland or dry and burnt.  
Then we had the Arroz con Pollo Cubano.  The rice was dry.  The chicken was dry.  The sausage was dry.  It honestly tasted like they bought one of those premade meals from the super market and charged me $16 dollars for it.  
Needless to say, we were very disappointed and ended up giving the leftovers to our dog.Firstly I would like to say the food here is amazing. I truly hate writing a bad review because I've been here many times before during the day for brunch/lunch at the downstairs bar with no issues; as well as during restaurant week last year. 
Saturday night was the first time I had dinner at Mixto with a group for dinner. We had 6 people altogether and a table reservation for 915pm. We waited 20 minutes after our reserved time in which we were told "the table we wanted to give you the group has been here 2.5 hours". We were not seated until around 9:50pm.. once seated we asked for a pitcher of mojitos which was forgot about. When we mentioned it again 10 minutes later we were asked "what flavor we wanted, again?" Another 10 minutes later we speak with a manager about the service and wait and she casually just asks "what flavor mojito?" 
It was a friends' birthday dinner so we spoke about having a comp or something for the service in which they gave us a round of tequila. Our Mixto app and our dinners were beginning to make up for the wait and poor service. They even brought out a cake with candles for the birthday guy. 
Once we were ready to close out we were told the bill could only be split with 2 credit cards (we got approved for 3) we split the bill evenly amongst the 6 of us to make it easier. When we received our credit card slips I quickly realized we were charged $20 more on the cards. We let the waiter know and he grabbed our cards up quickly and said "I'm going to need these. I have to fix something." We then waited an additional 15 minutes for them to reimburse our cards and recharge the correct amounts. 
We were there for about 3 hours.. half of that waiting. I'm not sure what happened Saturday night. I know it's tough when it's busy but no one seemed to be too concerned, not even management.  I work in the industry and I was very surprised at how bad the service was. I really liked Mixto, but I'm not sure that my friends and I will be back anytime soon.Can't understand the positive rating of this place. None of the food we ate was restaurant quality. The plantain tostini was a tasteless fried piece of nothing smothered in melted cheese. The baked chicken stuffed with shrimp and peppers reminded me of the lunch served in my elementary school and the mango tilapia was a flavorless pan seared tilapia with a few pieces of mango laying next to it. No reason to come here. There are a number of good Latin American restaurants in the city.MIxto ruined my rehearsal dinner. Yes, ruined it. 
We scheduled our rehearsal dinner here MONTHS in advance. They knew we were coming, there is no excuse for the lack of attention and service we received at Mixto. We went with a set menu, again, we decided on the menu at least 3 months in advance, there should have been very little room for error, however, Mixto completely blew us off and I could never recommend this restuarant for any large groups, or any size group for that matter.
Reasons being:
1) We sat down at 7pm. We did not recieve our appetizers for another hour. Again, we had a set menu- we did not order anything at Mixto, it was all decided in advance. 
2) salads came out no less than 30 minutes after the appetizers were FINISHED, and the dressing came out 15 minutes after the salad. So when they put the dressing down for us to use, we were all done our salads, and realized at that point why they tasted so bad. 
3) The dinner entree came out another hour after, and they completely forgot our mashed potatoes, which my MIL had specifically requested. She had even called in advance to make sure we would get them, they said we would, but we didn't. By the time the food came out, my appetite was completely gone and I didn't eat anything. My diabetic friend had to leave since his blood sugar had dropped. 
I had spoken with ALL of the managers here beforehand, and they were all accomodating at first, but none of them followed through in the execution of our event. I am so disappointed in Mixto, they really dropped the ball on this one. We will never return.Happy hour was fantastic. Awesome service by Liliana. Great happy hour menu. Will be back!Food is mediocre at best. Drinks are pretty good. I've come here before and have been disappointed in the food. So this time I thought I'd get a salad because how could you mess that up? Well they managed to serve me a $12 salad which consisted of a lump of spinach with a nut on top. The waitress also threw the check at me . This place is a suburban restaurant like Bahama breeze but in the city ... with city pricesI've been to Mixto for brunch only, but if that's all you need, this IS IT!  Delicious Cuban and Latin American influences make these dishes out of this world!  Whether you want a simple (yet beautiful) bowl of oatmeal with fresh fruit or a whole plate full or eggs, rice and beans, bacon or chorizo, avocado, and fried cheese (yes, that was all just one plate), Mixto satisfies all sized appetites!  On top of all of that, the drinks (alcoholic and non) are muy satisfying: mojitos, bloody marys, and gigantic cups of coffee will all help you wake up on a weekend morning.  I'm always happy after making a trip to Mixto!Had a great meal here last weekend. Wow.  Happened to find it while out walking, and decided to stop in for lunch. So glad we did. The food was amazing. Had chicken soup and a grilled chicken and veggie plate with rice. Husband had some type of lobster/shrimp soup and loved it. Delicious. The veggies were just perfect. Chicken was tender and flavorful. Everything was great. Will definitely go back. Soon I hope.Not comming back. Period. Even after spending a big amount on the tap, very unreasonable staff.Awesome Latin America food. We ordered the Bandeja Paisa and Plato Mixto. Very authentic and delicious. The price is very good for the portions as well. The Guanaba juice was perfect.This is probably closer to a 3.5 star review. We arrived in time for happy hour, which meant $5 mojitos and margaritas, $5 guac with plantain chips, and $2 pinchos (meat skewers). The skewers were a good deal -- three of them, one each shrimp, chorizo/arepa and steak/peppers. The drinks were acceptably strong. The guac was nothing special, but perfectly acceptable.
Our gluten free friend got the lamb chops, the vegetarian got the paella, I had Montuno de Lechon, and others had scallops and the Parillada de Carne (giant plate of meat over hot coals -- I want 'parillada' to mean 'parade,' as it was definitely a parade of meat, but alas, it just means 'grill'). Everyone finished their food (except me, but I'll eat it today). The boy says the paella was a little dry, and more veg-friendly options would've been nice. My pork was quite rich and succulent, and I loved the sweet corn tamale. The prices of everything seemed a touch high.
Service was efficient and friendly, we got seats without a problem early in the evening, but it definitely picked up, so reservations are recommended on weekends.I love Mixto in the summertime. Gazpacho, empanadas and a mojito or margarita is exactly what I want on a warm summer evening, and Mixto delivers. In fact, I have been known to drag friends there in the middle of winter so we can forget about the cold for awhile. When it's warm, try to sit by the big open window downstairs if you can, but upstairs is perfectly fine too.
Margaritas are served in a giant bucket of a glass, but they're well made and interesting if you want to venture beyond the basic recipe  - I like the one with Chambord. Mixto does great with mojitos, caipirinhas and their specialty cocktails, too. I haven't had a bad drink there.
Aside from my usual empanadas and gazpacho (which is excellent and comes with delicious guac and plantain chips), vegetarians have several apps, salads, black bean soup, and a feast of a vegetarian platter to choose from. I've liked everything I've tried.
Now, the downside - service. I don't think I've ever been to Mixto without experiencing some kind of service hiccup: an order coming out wrong, a bill that doesn't account for happy hour, a disappearing server. However, the issues are always minor and resolved relatively easily, and the drinks and food are good enough to keep me coming back.Big disappointment.
I'd heard really good things from a friend of mine. We finally went one night recently and I couldn't have been more underwhelmed.
The mojitos were great, but they should be. The food, on the other hand...oh, the food. I wanted so badly to like it, but everything just fell short. We started with the chicken and beef empanadas. Neither was great, and the beef filling tasted off. The dipping sauces weren't even memorable. Then I had the lemon chicken. Let me rephrase: Then I paid $19 for a chicken dish that I could have blown out of the water with the ingredients I have in my fridge, and I'm in desperate need of going to the grocery store.
Bottom line: Go somewhere else.Mixto ,Mixto I swear you have my someones grandmother slaving in kitchen...... I hope you treat her well  J/K The foods here is so authentic so flavorful and  presented so beautifully I'd wish i'd live closer to eat all my meals here. 
The service sometimes is lacking in attentiveness ....  but they are always so packed and busy I completely understand, besides my tastebuds are in food heaven is its ok If my server isn't checking on me :) 
Every thing here is delicious. Brunch - Lunch- Dinner- Deserts- and the drinks alcoholic and non,they have great tropical fruit juices and shakes.
Overall a- must in philly!A great place for a summer brunch date with your love. Getting seated and served can take a very long time ( -1 star), from my experience, 5 - 20 min, even when its a slow day, but this could be a good thing if you know ahead of time.
They have a very distinct flavor and once you try it, you'll know that most of the things on the menu will stay in that palate range. They also have lovely outdoor seating, but it doesn't seem like it meets code with Philly's zoning regulations - I could see a biker or a pedestrian running into the tables very easily, but hey its Philly, so who cares, right?
Little things matter. They don't put too much attention into what you ordered. Example - your order of over-medium eggs will be runny with some whiles slightly uncooked ( -1 star).
environment - 5
food - 3
service - 2
location - 5Eh. Fun place to go with a bunch of friends. The drinks are good, the appetizers are quite good, but I ordered the ropa vieja and holy crap I have never left that much food on my plate ever. It's a huge dish, so good for sharing but not good for one person. It was surprisingly dry, and the balance of the dish basically made it taste basically like old clothes. I did love the maduros (plaintains) so that was at least some form of redemption. I think I ordered the complete wrong thing on the menu, but come on! Ropa Vieja is such a classic Latin dish - what happened??Great cozy place! Went there for happy hours and the food portions were large . Price was great!
Had dinner there too--- had the salmon which I recommendI'm so glad I returned here after a mediocre experience years ago. My recent dinner was pretty much perfect.  My date and I had each ordered two courses and 3 drinks between us to come to a very reasonable bill, considering the neighborhood. 
The traditional Gazpacho del Dia, tomato, was like summer in a bowl. I want to return just for this!  The baby spinach salad was as good as any place while the entrees were super great.  My date had an interesting tuna dish I found to be good, and Im not a fan of tuna.  I am however a huge lamb fan and ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops dish with concern that it might not be suffice for my appetite; I was wrong.  I fell in love with this since it had three hearty double ribbed chops, on a pile of the most rich risotto with asparagus, pineapple, mushrooms, artichokes and parmesan. It was prepared with layers of flavor that had me in awe.  
So, yeah, I'll be no stranger here.I came here with my family the day I moved into Philadelphia. We arrived at an in between time and the staff was very nice to let us order off the brunch menu rather than the dinner menu. We all shared a variety of sandwiches and salads. They had some gluten-free options for my girlfriend and we had a lovely meal sitting by the window after a hard days work. I would like to come back for dinner. My gf went for dinner with a friend visiting from out of town and they both really enjoyed their meal. I got the benefit of some leftovers that they brought home. The happy hour menu also looks like it is worth a try.This place has amazing South American and Caribbean food. Prices are reasonable, especially for drinks. Would recommend the paella and the octopus appetizer. Four stars only because service can sometimes be a little slow.