This place was incredible from top to bottom. Service was spot on and the vibe of the restaurant was like being in a movie. Everyone was laughing and vibrant it was an experience. 
We walked in at 5 without a reservation and the place was pretty full but luckily they were able to accommodate us with an out time. Everything we tried was delicious and the plating was amazing. I am dreaming about that tiramisu because it was so unique and delicious. 
This is hands down one of the best restaurants I have ever been to in my life from top to bottom. 
Cash only but there's an atm in the back. 
As most PA restaurants BYOB.Never have my taste buds and palate, something I'm still trying to refine, been treated to such delight.  On top of an exceptional New Year's Eve menu, we were treated to stellar service and a warm, lively atmosphere.  This was one of my best, if not the best, dining experiences I have had in Philadelphia.  Even for our fixed menu, we were allowed to custom order and went with 2 antipasti dishes instead of the pasta.  The eggplant and white bean puree topped with a crustini, pine nuts, and fennel was absolutely outstanding.  This combined with the chicken liver pate was the perfect way for me to start out a meal; sweet and savory.  For entrees, we went with the seafood stew and the Gorgonzola topped filet.  After devouring our surf and turf, I was amazed that my girl had eaten the majority of the filet.  She NEVER eats cheese like Gorgonzola, so you know it must have been prepared perfect.  I'm definitely excited to return and put the regular tasting menu to the test but after eating here and loving the sandwiches at Paesano's, I'm sure it will be another spectacular experience.I love italian food and at this point, can't settle for something that isn't authentic. This place is so unique and extremely delicious with a great deal ($35 person, includes starter, pasta, entree and dessert - I think it's available everyday, we went on a Saturday). The keyword is "unique", so take that as you will... Changing classic dishes can deter people, but I welcome it if it is still amazing.
Almost everything on the menu has a special factor to it. Also the portion sizes are small but you will DEFINITELY be full after all four courses. I guarantee it. My girlfriend and I had the scallops and calamari for starters. The scallops were extremely minimal (2? maybe 1 and half? again, size doesn't matter because you have 3 courses to go) but full of so much flavor. I would order this again. The calamari is not like the ordinary fried versions at most places, but grilled - I loved it. It was almost like a salad with the arugula. These were complimented with bread and olive oil & ricotta cheese to dip the bread it... Every italians dream come true.
For pasta, she had the ravioli (I never tend to order these out, but it was full of flavor - again very small portion size) and I had the gnocchi which had much more quantity than the ravioli. I'm used to gnocchi in a blush sauce but the pancetta definitely gave it a very savory taste. It wasn't my favorite gnocchi but still you have to appreciate those flavors and we all should be going out to eat to try new stuff anyway!
I honestly forget what my girlfriend had because my entree was just ... too ... good. Bistecca Siciliana, I will have dreams about you. Again, I don't usually get steak at an italian place but i saw lemon caper butter and fried egg and couldn't resist. It was amazing and I was definitely full at this point. So delicious.
The dessert. I'm not a dessert person - Give me real food and more of it, is what i say. But this chocolate tart ("flourless" as our waiter constantly said. I guess this is an endearing quality when homemade? Maybe it was the wine, but I thought it was funny how he pointed this out many times) was the BEST part. If you like chocolate, you have to order it. No questions. My God, it was the perfect ending to an amazingly unique meal and experience (great wait staff - he was so knowledgeable about everything and polite- and even though small place, great atmosphere).
Did I mention BYOB? So you're paying a little over $35 per person (tax and tip) and that's it for an amazing night of food and memories. 4 stars because sometimes an authentic italian meal with huge portions just can't be beat. But do yourself a favor and go. Now.Still one of the best. Table for five right by the window at the front is perfect!.We all had the Turista of course, just ridiculously good for the $35 price. I had the Sformato, Bucatini, and Bistecca and tasted all the non-repeats. Dessert was too much, so we nibbled and took them home. Some on Yelp complain of salt and butter, but uh, this is a treat, not a way of life. Treat yourself. (Also had brunch at Monsu earlier in the day, so maybe I should buy stock!)Had an early dinner here a few days ago. It was the first time in. In all it was a nice dining experience and I'll definitely return to explore the menu further.
We (two) opted for the "menu turista" tasting which consisted of four small but more than adequate plates. At $33.00 per person, I thought it was a terrific value and offered us the opportunity to sample the menu with some depth. If we had ordered the same 4 courses á la carte (with same-sized portions), I'd have thought it a bit pricey, but I think they expect most to order the tasting menu.
Our starters were balsamic grilled octopus with oven roasted tomato and house-made sausage with poached egg in a mustard cream. Both were very good, although the octopus arrived to the table room-temperature. For a pasta course we had a spicy lamb ragu maccheroni and lasagne bolognese. Both were very good, but again they needed to arrive piping hot from the kitchen, not barely warm. For entrees, we selected the beef cheek on polenta with salsa passito and the skate in apricot brown butter and lemon. The beef cheek was fantastic. Unfortunately the skate and its sauce were not quite up to par with the rest of the meal. We also ordered a side of  italian spaetzle (according to the menu with fennel, but came with arugula(?) instead). Although we were surprised by its crunchy consistency, the flavor was good. To finish we ordered a lemon crepe and an apple-walnut tart. The tart was superb, but the lemon crepe tasted a bit flat and heavy. In all it was a very good but not great meal. 
The service was excellent, but at the time we dined, the restaurant was only a quarter full. The atmosphere is pleasant and the space fairly small. In sum we weren't wowed, but Modo Mio is a very solid 4 stars. CASH ONLY. BYOB. Resv. a must.A girlfriend and I had a terrible service experience here last night.  We had a 7 o'clock reservation and had to wait outside, in the cold, until 7:25 when we were finally seated. What's the point of a reservation?
The service was so. incredibly. slow. Our waiter was perfectly fine, just seemingly overwhelmed. It took him about 15 minutes from the time we were seated to come around for our orders.  Food came out piece by piece, about 35 minutes between each course, and piping hot like it was just plated seconds ago. The portions aren't large enough to be served that far apart. Bread didn't come out until we asked for it during our second course.........
To top it off, within 10 minutes of receiving our check, and 2 minutes of settling our bill, a manager came over and asked us to hurry it along because a large party was waiting on the table.  We still had an entire glass of wine to finish! When I informed him that we waited 30 minutes past our reservation to be seated and would be finishing our wine, he sassed me. We were stunned. 
The food: 
Antipasti was the rocket salad, which we loved
Pasta was the gnocchi and ricotta & spinach stuffed lasagne, both unfortunately over salted 
Main was the rib eye, cooked perfectly but with an overdone "over easy" egg on top, and the porchetta, which was decadent
The chef also sent out a side of roasted potatoes and Brussel sprouts for us.
Ambience: it was freezing in there and SO LOUD. I have a sore throat this morning from trying to talk to my friend that was 4 ft across from me.
3/10 would recommend and it is unlikely that I'll ever return.  I'm genuinely surprised people have good experiences here.It seemed like over 90% of the reviews gave 5-stars for Modo Mio so I was suuuper excited to try this place. However...one word summarizes my Modo Mio experience: a DISAPPOINTMENT. 
The services, atmosphere and the food presentations were Excellent. 
On the other hand, SODIUM ruined everything. 
For Antipasti, snails and bruschetta (worked very well in terms of flavor and texture), grilled octopus (i liked  the raisins, almonds and lemon-flavor), and crab and ricotta cake (which was our favorite). They were all very delicious but SALTY. 
For pasta, Lasagne was the best thing. However, shrimp gnocchi had like 4 tiny pieces of shrimp and had not much flavor, along with the specials - lamb gnocchi....which was VERYx10 salty (there was no balance amongst the ingredients). 
We were hoping that the last course would surprise us. Grilled swordfish with bunch of good stuff.... specials were Sea Bass as a Whole roasted fish and grilled pork with balsamic vinegrette and some stuff.... But oh man...dried grilled pork and sodium-marinated swordfish.... Salty food parade just had to end with exhaustion with the sodium overdose. 
We had to ask to box the desserts (Tiramisu, lemon cake with blueberries on top, canoli with sprinkles of stuff....) because we wanted to get out asap. 
I guess I'm still on a mission to find the best or better Italian restaurant in Philly.Stopped by this place with my parents a while ago and was blown away by the food.  The tourista menu was perfect, left the place feeling very very full! We also enjoyed the complimentary shots of Sambuca.
The portions were perfect, I didn't think I was going to be able to finish the many dishes.  Inside was noisy but that didn't matter, i'm sure my family and I were just as loud! I definetley recommend making a reservation as you most likely would not be able to get a table without.Great Italian restaurant. Loved the menu. Really interesting combinations. Decided on the tasting menu which was priced very reasonably considering the large portions. Thank you to Lilly our waitress and chef/owner Peter who couldn't have been nicer to us as he walked around the dining room meeting and talking with all his dinner guests. Also, the busboy and other 2 waitress all very professional. Low keyed atmosphere and BYOB. Definitely make a reservation. We arrived and the dining room just starting to fill up but by the time we left, maybe one table available. Only downside is that we thought the food was a bit oversalted. Definitely will go back again.Modo Mio gets five stars.  I'll admit I was considering 4 because my entree wasn't exactly perfect, but I honestly think some of the other dishes were perfection.
I started this review months ago and I finally want to post it.  Modo Mio stays at 5 stars because I definitely plan to go back.   It was a special occasion the first time so I'm holding off on it, but without a doubt I want to go again.
I wish I could remember more of the specifics, but regardless so much of what we got was delicious!  It's a somewhat small space, but has a very comfortable atmosphere.  I consider the price range appropriate for a nice night out at a higher quality sit down restaurant.  
Plus we took advantage of their three (or maybe four) course meal deal which at the time was $35.   The food was more than worth that price and I cant wait for a chance to give this place another shot.   Even though the entree didn't blow me away the rest was amazing and there are plenty of other entrees I'm looking forward to trying.OK.. So I have been really bummed about my food experiences in Philly until Wednesday night.  We made reservations for four celebrating two birthdays.  We all decided to do the turista menu and were very pleased.
Bread w/Olive Oil = hearty bread with olive oil garnished with homemade ricotta :)
Mussels in red = AWESOME - ordered them hot and they were delicious! :)
Lasagna = silky pasta layered with bolognese and cheese - again AWESOME
Skirt Steak = OMG at this point I was FULL had a bite and wrapped up to go - will say this was a bit salty.
Chocolate Cake = THE BEST PART OF THE NIGHT!! :) SOOOO GOOOOOD!!!
For $45 this meal was a WOW(er) 
Planning our return visit very soon!Warm ambiance, attentive service, and very good food (and lots of it).  The Turista menu is a bargain at $33 but even ala carte it is difficult to spend $45 a person.Went Friday Night. The food was pretty good. Did the Turista menu, which I would strongly recommend because of the variety of food you get. Portions are medium so you end on the fuller side.
Can't give them higher than a 3 because if you go without reservation they treat you very rudely. I wanted a table for 2, and the waitress made us wait 20 mins before even telling us that the only table they had available was outside next to the kitchen door/garbage. I took a step inside to see the ambiance and was greeted with a waitress who tried to shoo me out immediately and rolled her eyes when I told her I just wanted to see the inside. We decided to take the seats but wish we hadn't. The whole time we would get shocked by the dishwashers slamming clean plates against the window. By the end of the night we had about 20 mosquito bites between the two of us, and had been shooing bugs away the whole time. Worth going to, if you are ok with the tightness of the space. Do not sit outside if you can help it. Get reservations or you will get treated like garbage.7pm: Two first-timers arrived eagerly with reservations, were told by a not-so-friendly host that our table wasn't quite ready. No big deal, it happens. 
7:01-7:24pm: Wait outside in the freezing cold.
7:25: Go back in to check on status of table. Still not ready, but we see plenty of empty and set tables. Confused. 
7:28: At last! Our table is available! Hooray!
7:45: Finally, our waiter has decided to acknowledge our presence. Wine is opened. Water is provided. Specials are shared. 
8:00: Waiter comes back to take our order. Yes, folks. It's been a full hour since our reservation was supposed to begin before we even order food.
8:16: Still no bread. No appetizers. No nothing. Sigh.
Slight break from the timeline for a moment. Our salad, pasta and entrees were served between 8:20-9:00 or so. Service was really slow. Our waiter was fine, just seemed a bit overwhelmed. Perhaps they were understaffed? 
9:15: Received check from waiter
9:18: Settled check with waiter
9:20: Here's the good stuff: The manager came over to our table and informed us that they needed our table for a large party and he basically told us to get out. I actually thought he was joking for a second. We just settled our bill two minutes ago, and we both had a full glass of wine in front of us. We waited almost a half hour for our reserved table and and now you're asking us to leave because you can't properly manage your restaurant? HUGE turnoff. 
End scene. 
I enjoyed the food. If it wasn't for the attitude of the host upon arrival, being shunned outside to wait for a reserved table, the eternal wait for bread, and the brazenness of the person I can only assume was a manager, I would give this place more stars. Factor all those things in with a FREEZING cold restaurant (I've been to hockey games that were warmer) and the decibel level inside (this place is LOUD, like, front row at Metallica kind of loud). Meh. I don't get it. I really wanted to love this place and I appreciate the menu and the food, I just can't see myself returning for the above reasons.My favorite italian byob in Philly! For $35 you get 4 courses. It is a great deal! Make sure to make a reservation since the place is small. But the food is delicious. The scallop appetizer that i orders was the best bite ever.Loved this place!   It's small and noisy, but that's the italian way.  Definitely the best italian food i've had since I lived in tuscany.Just got back from Modo Mio and couldn't even wait until morning to write a review- so... 3 glasses of wine should make this review pretty interesting :)
If you go here, get the 4 course pairing for $35. There's really no other way to go honestly. Normally I would write about each dish in detail, but this place is an exception. Everything I tasted, I mean EVERYTHING... from the homemade bread to the dessert, was spectacular. Nothing fell short of amazing. 
The only thing I have negative to say about or experience was that it did feel towards the beginning as if we were being a little rushed. We still had a couple mussels left in the bowl we were planning on eating and she grabbed them from us and we were all a little disappointed, but we learned in the following courses to hold on to our dishes a little longer. 
I literally can't wait to return to Modo Mio!!!First time  here with my husband to celebrate my 40th birthday . Loved everything about this restaurant ! The food and our waiter James were excellent!  We had a 4 course meal for $40 per person and everything was so delicious! They are moving to another location . There last day open at this location will be June 29th. So if you in the mood to try some real Italian cooking you  need to go and check this place out! Looking forward to come againModo Mio, you are amazing!  This restaurant has set a new standard for me for Italian dining (and perhaps for 5 star yelp reviews).  The turista tasting menu is the way to go.  And with 4 delicious courses for $33, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal in this city.  Highlights of my meal included the bucatini (thick, hollow spaghetti noodles) with pancetta, and the lamb.  The lamb was amazingly juicy and succulent!  As great as the first three courses were, the best part was dessert.  I have a dairy allergy, so none of the dessert options were an option for me, so they brought me a poached pear with a sweet and tart sauce (cranberry, I think) and walnuts.  In addition to this dessert being unique and tasty, I was just so happy to actually be able to eat dessert!  (Dessert was also accompanied by some complimentary sambuca.)  
You can expect some of the normal BYOB qualities:  It is crowded and loud, they only take cash, and you usually need  reservation.  But unlike many BYOs, at no point did I feel as thought they were trying to rush us along.  I had adequate time to enjoy my meal and service was top notch!  I would highly recommend Modo Mio.  Just be sure to make a reservation and eat a small lunch that day.  You will get a lot of food!Menu tirista is a great way to explore the menu and try everything! Be ready to eat a lot because you choose a starter, pasta, entree (meat) and dessert! But no worries non meat eaters! You can choose double pasta which is always a good choice! 
The capesante aka a jumbo scallop is one of the must trys. It is cooked to perfection with a crispy outside and placed on top of mozzarella and potato puré. It was my favorite dish until the entrees came out. I had a breaded veal that was so flavorful I almost asked to skip dessert and have a second. Good thing I didn't however because the tiramisu was one of the best in philly.
Don't be deceived by the small appearance of modo mio, it is on of the better Italian menus in the city!Best tasting menu in the city. Food is consistently 5 stars. Service is some of the best around. Homemade pastas, bread, and some of the most inventive seafood I've ever had. $35 for 4 courses, including their daily specials doesn't hurt either! Anyone complaining about noise level or tiny dining room needs to loosen up - it's an excellent BYO, what do you expect? Maybe you'd be happier in the 'burbs.Modo Mio is loud, cramped, and tough to get a reservation.
But the food is worth it.
Don't even think about not ordering the Turista. $37 for four courses is a good deal. $37 for four courses of some of the best Italian food in the city is a fantastic deal. The courses are portioned for a tasting menu, but you couldn't possibly leave hungry. 
Service is outstanding. Nothing more to say about that.
Cash only and BYOB. If you're not fully prepared, there's an ATM inside and a state store across the street.Wow! I suddenly feel like I've never really had Italian food until now. So many delicious and unexpected flavors in every dish. It was, as the waitress put it, "salt forward" with lots of olives and anchovies, and it made everything come together beautifully. Every plate, including dessert, was amazing. The decor is underwhelming, but the ambiance sets in after the sun goes down and the tables start to fill up. The staff are courteous and professional. The bathroom and ATM are located out of sight at the end of a hallway in the back which is nice. And this BYO is conveniently located across from the best wine shop in the city.You know how sometimes you go to a movie and it just did not live up to the hype? You leave disappointed.
Well Modo Mio is that movie that EVERYONE talked about. Oh but it lived up to the hype and beyond. I don't think I have ever been blown away by a meal the way I was there.
I went there with my boyfriend for our 7 year anniversary. I don't think in the 7 years that we have been dating had we been so excited about a meal. We knew what we were walking into to... and we were blind at the same time. We got the Menu Turista which we were told was the best for our first time. We were able to choose a dish from each Category on the menu (except sides and beverages) for a set price.
With each bite we moaned and swooned with appreciation for the flavors. We carefully chewed and tasted everything that was compiled on the plate. We even went as far as taking pictures of each dish we ordered. Not a single dish disappointed... and each time something new came out, our taste buds were shocked and stomachs in love.
The staff was great and seemed just as passionate about the food as we were. Our waiter offered suggestions when asked based off her preference and kept us up to date on the status of our food. They handled our beer and kept it chilled and always kept our water glasses filled. There was not a moment I felt like I was "waiting" on food because everything came out in increments that seemed timed perfectly.
I can easily say that Modo Mio is now one of my favorite places in the city. It embodies the passion for good rustic food, good services and a quaint atmosphere.Yesterday my son and new daughter- in law held their wedding ceremony and wedding dinner at Modo Mio.  I would like to commend the entire staff for the way they treated our family and guests, most especially Lucy and Gared, handling the front of the house. Nothing was too much trouble for them, including rearranging tables and place settings at the last minute, helping us to remove photos from their walls to replace them with photos of the bride and groom, last minute meal requests, and handling the end of our party and their waiting reservations for the rest of the evening( while we gathered up many centerpieces and gifts scattered about their restaurant). I am totally amazed and so impressed with this service! The food, as always was awesome and overly abundant ! No one left hungry. A wonderful time was had by all. Thank you , thank you , thank you ... You made our son's and new daughter's party something they were very proud of and will never forget!!!Truly, one of the best values in Philadelphia.  This place is beyond generous with the portions, kind service, and quality.   My fiance and I indulged in the Sunday Sugo yesterday.  
We could barely finish our left-overs from the $80 meal; including, a late-night snack, two lunches, and left-overs for dinner.  The most surprising part is that the quality was even more memorable than the quantity.  
So figure it out and make a reservation here for any occasion - Sugo or not.Modo Mio is a really pleasant dining experience.  The staff was really friendly, the small dining room was very quaint and the food was really tasty.  We did not go for the tourist menu because we didn't want to eat that much but what we did get was really tasty.  I got the an arugula salad and my husband got a calamari appetizer .  For pasta, we got Lasagna and a baked pasta with pancetta and a smoked cheese.  Both were excellent (watch out, both dishes were really hot from the oven).  I could not believe how inexpensive our meal was given the quality of the food.  Being a BYOB help that of course!  Highly recommended but make sure you have cash - they don't accept credit cards.This restaurant was super hyped up by people that I spoke with, and recommended by my girlfriend, so I agreed to check it out.  As a vegetarian that dabbles in chicken sometimes (when there just isn't any other choice and you don't feel like a kids grilled cheese meal), I called ahead and made a reservation and asked about vegetarian options.  I was told the chef would cater to me and create something fresh for our dinner.  At this point, I was pretty excited.  
The initial reaction to the restaurant when I got there was really positive; I liked how the enterance and the dining room were seperated, and the giant bread loaf near the window.  I started looking over the menu while sipping some water and saw that there was only one vegetarian option in each of the pre-fixe categories.  When our waiter came over to tell us about the food, I asked about the vegetarian options and was told that that was all that was available.  Additionally, on the topic of the waiter, he was a bit creepy in the sense that he was a 'close talker' who hovered right over my face and told us the specials.  It was a little off putting.  
The food ended up being mediocre, a cavetelli dish that I was neither here nor there about, a pepper stuffed with polenta which had an interesting texture, but again, did not wow me like I thought it would, and dessert which I cannot remember...  
Anyway, for vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're roped into it by a group of friends.  In that case, get something small and then splurge on some Taco Bell after.Modo Mio is one of those places that you have to find out about from friends or you won't even know it exists. It's almost like a hidden and well guarded secret that you don't want to let out to the public because it will get overwhelmed and abused. Seriously if people out in the open only knew how good this place really is you'd never be able to get there. Right now it's not so easy - better call a week ahead to make your reservation! If this is not enough for you then know the food is absolutely top notch unbelievable. It's the restaurant you take your best friends or the hottest date to if you really want to impress them. All that without having to rob a bank because for what you get the prices are vert friendly. So is the staff. I went twice already and I am most definitely coming back for all special occasions!All the ambiance of sitting in the living room of a cheap apartment with 40 drunk people.  The food is average at best.  I'm not mad, because it was free, and the servers are clearly busting their butts, but I'd never go back.I was happily in a food coma for hours after having the four course fixed menu. The first course was my absolute favorite. The crab mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious. The gnocchi and tiramisu were noteworthy as well. The only complaint is that the service was slow, however, the staff was extremely nice. Modo Mio, Keep on doing things your way!Amazing restaurant.. delicious food.. subway was running late due to "medical emergency", i called to let them know and they could not have been more sincere and thanked me for calling.. upon arrival two people asked me how our commute was... service=amazing.. there was not one time when my water was not full or dirty places were sitting in front of me.. best italian food i had in the city (closest to food in italy)....our waiter couldn't have been more helpful.. explained dishes, offered suggestions.. also appreciated that they informed me when making a resi that it was cash only establishment..food was delicious.. i had the torta, gnocchi, eggplant, and tiramisu (tourista option).... atmosphere is very laid back, almost like you at your grandmother house for sunday dinner...I agree with the overall 4.5 rating of this place. It offers brilliantly conceived and beautifully executed menu items in a very down-to-earth atmosphere. While it is quite a trek from Center City, the restaurant was packed on a Friday night. I believe the wait was 45 minutes for those without a reservation. It is a bit loud and space is tight, but it is not stuffy and the service was impeccable from everyone from beginning to end. If you forget to bring a drink to this BYOB, there is an extensive "wine list" to choose from in the form of a liquor store across the street. 
We went with the $37 Turista menu, which allowed for one selection from each of four courses: antipasta, pasta, secondi, and dessert. That's 8 items to try between 2 people and a very great deal! It was definitely a lot of food. We also ordered some extra items to try, but ended up taking a lot of leftovers home. 
The first few items we tasted really blew us away. There was an amuse-bouche consisting bruschetta (sorry, I forget which kind), delicious bread with olive oil and fresh ricotta (I cannot describe how amazing this bread is), and some appetizers: grilled squid, pan-seared tongue with egg (special), and crispy-fried lamb belly with scallop. These were all very tasty and complex in flavor and texture. I especially loved the refreshing touch of citrus that was a theme throughout. However, the squid pieces, while perfectly charred, were salted a bit too heavily. 
Another reason why I'm leaning more toward 4 stars instead of 5 is that few of the subsequent items really blew me away. The Agnolotti (rabbit ravioli) definitely did - beautifully flavored filling enveloped by house-made pasta shells in sage brown butter. However, the chocolate duck tortellini did not particularly stand out. I did not taste any chocolate, nor duck - just a bland, slightly too thick covering of pasta around some kind of salty filling. The skate wing special was also a bit bland. The fish was nicely textured, but could have used some crisp and a bit of citrus or other flavoring. The veal cheek was good in every area other than texture, which I felt was too homogeneous. 
Before dessert, each of us had a shot of sambuca (anise-flavored liqueur), which added a very nice touch. The desserts themselves - mascarpone and chocolate chip cheesecake, flourless chocolate torte, and a cream and chocolate filled crepe - were good, but I've had better versions of each elsewhere. 
Despite some less-than-perfect menu items, I would still come back for the rabbit ravioli, the bread, and the appetizers. I'd try some new entrees and might skip dessert. We were lucky this time because there was a parking spot in front of the restaurant practically calling our names when we arrived, but parking seems generally difficult to find in the neighborhood, so I would definitely plan ahead for that. I'd also bring plenty of cash since the restaurant is cash-only.This neighborhood gem in Northern Liberties serves some of the best Italian food outside of Italy.  With an emphasis on regional Italian cuisine, fresh ingredients, and exciting dishes, Modo Mio is definitely an experience worth trying.  Aside from some mishaps in the service, this BYO is definitely recommended for those who want to try something off the beaten path (i.e. something north of Center City).
The best way to experience the menu is the Menu Turistica, which allows you one antipasto, pasta, entree, and dessert for $33 (side dishes and beverages are extra).  The menu changes seasonally so you can expect new dishes each time you go.  Of the 8 dishes we shared, my favorites were the grilled calamari served with green olives, toasted almonds, and greens; the veal and rabbit stuffed ravioli in sweet brown sage butter, and a stewed lamb casserole in a rich tomato broth served with apricot, olives, and goat cheese.  They also make an exquisite carrot cake (which I usually hate).  The portions are also perfectly sized: not too big to overwhelm you but not too small either; great for sharing if you choose to do so.
Despite how amazing and sumptuous the meal was, there is definitely room for improvement.  The bread here is good but used in nearly every dish, and got a little tiresome by the third course.  The service was also a bit off: we had to wait beyond our reservation time and our waiter ignored us for the first ten minutes we were sitting down (he later apologized and comped us a contorni).  Also, we did not get the digestivo shots at the end of the meal like the other patrons (which would have helped since I was feeling quite full).
Nevertheless, I'm glad I went and can't wait to come back for another special occasion.  The food is excellent and is definitely worth any serious foodie's while.  Two other notes: bring cash (Modo Mio does not accept credit cards) and make reservations ahead of time (at least a day or two in advance).CASH ONLY.  Meat lovers, your heaven awaits at Modo Mio.  I'm not talking your average carnivore options here... I'm talking about selections like goat, lamb, carpaccio, rabbit, calf's liver and veal.  There are limited options for those who are faint-of-heart when it comes to adventurous foods... but if you feel like taking a chance you should do it at Modo Mio.  They do it right.
I was lucky enough to have my first visit just a week or so ago... and it was probably the best BYO i've been to in Philly.  You MUST do the Menu Turista - the portions are not too big and you get to try several things on the menu for a great price.  I believe they change up the menu fairly often, and the selections online don't always match up with the selections of the day.  Ask the server's recommendations - they did not disappoint.EXCELLENT!
Been there a handful of times and already looking forward for more good stuff.  The tourista deal is surely losing them money; 4 courses for $30!?
Everything was great last time I went with a party of 9, in fact, it seemed even better then the last time I was there.
Great place, make a reservation for sure.Unbelievable.  The 40$ tasting menu is an affordable splurge and a great value.  My partner and I went for our mutual birthdays (she's the 28th, I'm the 23rd).  Our server Richie was helpful, attentive, and enhanced the already incredible food.  Great espresso and dessert too.  We will be back, stop reading this and go feast!I hate to say, I'm really not a fan of this place. Everyone raves about it but I just don't get it. My boyfriend and I have been here twice (we gave it a second chance), and have been disappointed both times. Both times we got the pre fixe menu which is a very inexpensive one. The food seemed like it was trying to be very creative and interesting, but for us, it jus fell flat. It's also very buttery (which should be a good thing!) but had so much butter, both of us had stomach aches after eating our meals.
The atmosphere is great, service was very nice, and love that it's a BYOB. However, we were unimpressed by the food both times. We won't be back for a thirdA fantastic meal - snails that were just wonderful balls of butter, agnolotti stuffed with rabbit - fresh pasta - skate wing and hazelnut torte - incredible meal and lovely service - will revisit - very inventive menuAlways great service, food is impeccable and price is just right.
Get the Turista Menu and bring multiple bottles of wine.
I've been here 4 times now with different groups of friend and every person is always pleased.ve been trying to get to Modo Mio for months and months, but circumstances keep thwarting me. When I finally made it, I decided to go with the menu turista - the "tourist" or pre fix menu - in order to sample as many dishes as possible.
Modo Mio is a small and very popular establishment, full even on weekdays. Certainly make a reservation if you plan to go, and enjoy the intimate space (and lovely antique buffet table that holds linens and serves as a giant bread board). And go ahead and order the turista menu - at $33 it's a delicious steal. Add BYOB status, and I can't wait to take friends and out-of-town guests! We had to sit by the door, but the food made up for it! 
The service was great (and I love that they just give you one piece of bread at a time, not a whole basket!) and, unlike some small (and famous) BYOBs they were very accommodating to little old vegetarian me. I really appreciate it! And will be happy to return.If you're looking for the best Italian restaurant in Philadelphia, and probably in all of Pennsylvania, you've found it. Modo Mio is exquisite in every way. Two quick notes before we get started: Modo is cash only and BYO, so hit the ATM and the wine and spirits store on the way.
Our server, Lucy, is fantastic. You won't find a more conscientious, considerate, or fun server anywhere - so don't bother looking, just come to Modo Mio instead. She really knows her stuff when it comes to wine and can guide you in the right direction, and she'll also assure you that, really, there are no bad directions when it comes to wine. She manages to be warm and funny while also being polished and professional at all times. It's worth a visit to just for Lucy!
Let's talk about the food. Oh. My. God. I'm Italian, I was raised with an Italian grandmother whose lasagna would make you weep, and my standards for Italian food are unbelievably high. Believe me when I tell you the food is out of this world. Perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, every dish, every time. You could close your eyes and point to something on the menu and no matter what it's going to delight your lucky little taste buds. 
If you're in the area on a Sunday, you should definitely come to Modo for Sugo Sunday - especially if you're with a significant other. Lucy describes it as a "hundred dollar date" - dinner for two, wine, tip, hundred dollars, easy as pizza pie. There's no menu and no decision-making - just let your server know if you have any allergies and then sit back and enjoy the parade of delicious that comes your way. The offerings are a little bit different every time, so keep coming on Sundays, you won't get bored. Eat your way through a medley of Italian favorites. I'd say leave room for dessert, but it's just too good - but don't worry, once you see the dessert you'll find a way to cram it in. Just make sure you bring a friend to roll you home after you stuff yourself, and to carry the leftovers. It doesn't matter if you don't eat all day leading up to it - there is just too much food. You can make your coworkers jealous by having the rest for lunch on Monday. Put an end to lackluster Mondays with leftover Sugo Sunday dinner from Modo Mio! And make sure to ask for Lucy, because did I mention she's awesome?Went here for an anniversary dinner, because I'd heard such good things about it. It's very tiny, cramped, and noisy, so I'm not sure whether I would go here for a "date-y" dinner again, and the decor was a little odd... also, the waiter was kind of overbearing and a little bit creepy. We were half an hour early for our reservation, but were seated promptly. Since it's so packed, the people you are sitting next to can make or break the experience. First we were seated next to an extremely friendly party of 6 who sent us complimentary drinks after chatting for a while. After them, though, grouchy, horrible, prima donnas replaced them, snapping at the waiter things like, "What do you mean, this is ridiculous. We're the kind of people you WANT to have at your restaurant!!!!"
The food that I had was uniformly fantastic and a great deal at $32 for four courses. I started off with the cotechino, which was a ridiculous concoction involving sausage, "fried crema", and a poached egg on top (!!!) It came looking vaguely basket-like, with that egg nestled delicately in the top of it all, just ready to cover the plate in yolk and wonder. For a second course, the agnolotti, fresh ravioli filled with veal and rabbit, the pasta so tender and thin that I could barely pick it up with my fork, and had to push the cut bits on with the knife. The third course was a daily special, a flaky fried skate wing with briny capers and fresh tomatoes. And for a dessert, sticky, chocolatey semifreddo and a cappuccino. 
I don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but vegetarians might have trouble here. We had emailed them beforehand to ask whether or not they could accommodate a vegetarian diet, and the response was that the chef could do so and selections changed often. There was, however, only one vegetarian option for each course, if that (for the first we had to order the bruschetta without anchovy), so your options are v. limited. He liked everything he ate, but wasn't as over-the-moon about the food as I was (except the tiramisu, which was devoured promptly). Omnivores are clearly at an advantage at this restaurant.
All in all, though, the food more than made up for any defects.Best Italian. Hands down. Both of us have been to Italy and we loved it. Definitely felt like we got that good good. I will update it later :)Outstanding!  Best Italian food I've ever had in the Unites States, maybe second or third best if you include places I've eaten at in Italy.  (And I've definitely eaten at my share of Italian places in NYC, Boston, Philly, and SF). Everything here is made from scratch with an amazingly creative, yet simple combination of flavors in perfect balance.  This place "gets" the essence of Italian food.
I've lived in SF for the past year and I pine for this place every time I eat yet another mediocre meal in North Beach (SF's "Italian" district).  My GF and I can't wait to eat here when we return to Philly for the holidays!
Here's to you, Modo Mio!  You've set the standard of Italian cuisine for the others.Came here on a Friday night. Waited 15 minutes for our reservation at 9:15. Not bad. But it gets worse. Our waiter left us for 25 minutes had to flag him down and order. They ran out of two dishes and had to come to our table twice to tell us this. The food is okay feels very family style and warm. But courses don't come out on time waiters seem confused and overworked. The whole place just seems like some guy was like 'yeah.. ill try and open an Italian place why not!' 
Waits long, portions are small, restaurant is loud. I really don't understand why this place is rated so high. Maybe people came here on a less busy night? Wouldn't come back. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
So much better Italian in the city. Like in my apartment.. with a bottle of wine and store bought ravioli.
And the manager had an attitude on top of it. Wanted to leave half way through the meal.This restaurant is proof positive that it's more about the food than it is the location...this location had several failed restaurants before and sits on a strip of Girard notorious for closed "pretty good" restaurants.  
And thank goodness this place taught me that "Italian" isn't all pasta and vodka sauce.  (Which has its place, but I'm not paying for that at a restaurant.)  
Modo Mio's tourista menu is ridiculous.  If the food alone weren't the best, hands down, of any restaurant I've ever been to time and time again, the pricing for this 4 course meal is out of this world.  $33...I can't believe the chef/owner still does this but alas, I returned recently to find out this menu is still available.  
Book well in advance...this place is always full.  It's small and you get packed in...I've seen some Philebrities in there but mostly, it's filled with saavy suburbanites who must have taken their first trip to Kensington in 20 years to go to this place.  
My friends and I repeatedly say that while the food quantity isn't much, don't be fooled at first glance thinking you won't be full.  The flavors are so rich, you'll have to roll out of there.This place is amazing. I made a reservation based on Yelp's reviews/high ratings and I'm so glad I did. Came here on a double date and we were all beyond happy with our meal.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and patient and every person from the Modo Mio staff that I interacted with maintained this polite and affable nature. I was torn between trying to do the turista menu or just ordering a pasta and with the help of the waiter, I decided to order a pasta. They accommodated my request to remove the pancetta from the bucatini dish which came in a tomato based sauce. My girlfriend ordered the tagliatelle without chicken liver and I think it may have been my favorite. The pasta ribbons tasted especially fresh and the black truffle sauce was delicious. 
The one thing I knew I wanted to try no matter what was the almond cheesecake. It was absolutely amazing. I usually don't like almonds in desserts but this was something else. The crust of the cheesecake was crunchy because of the almonds and like nothing I've ever had before. I may have been on the fence of whether this place deserved 5 stars but this cheesecake made my decision for me.My boyfriend and I went here for our 4 year anniversary. I have to say it was one of the best meals I have eaten in the city of Philadelphia. I normally would never choose to go out to eat Italian food. But after this meal my prospective has changed. We will return. Best value for our buck for getting the turista menu. 4 courses for $35!!! The downside is that it is cash only. Other than that our server was the BEST! It did not take long for the courses to come out. Everything was paced right.So disappointing.  To start, we were kept waiting 30 minutes past our reservation time, which was especially annoying after leaving friends and traveling across the city to get to Modo Mio on time.  We were apologized to by staff and assured that our waiter would be informed and it would be made up to us.  
The antipasti's were above average.  I got the crab mashed potatoes, which was essentially a large serving of lump crap dunked in potato.  While it could have used a bit of a stronger flavor, I'll never complain about chunks of crab.  GF got the spicy red mussels which were good.  Enjoyed the sauce.  Bread was brought after asking the server multiple times.  
My pasta dish was not good.  Chocolate flavored pasta with duck and pistachio cream sauce.  The only way I can describe this dish is that it tasted like chicory beer, which is straight gross.  Just a poor tasting dish all around.  And did not at all look appetizing either - a big plate of brown mush.  GF did like her pasta dish.  Enjoyed the spice.  It was a sausage and spinach pasta.  Her favorite dish.  
Sweet bread - Now, this I'll say I took a stab at as I was curious to try it.  Tasted a bit chalky.  I did not enjoy it, but I can't say with any certainty whether or not it was simply because I don't like the dish.  GF got the pork.  Looked incredibly unappetizing and was stringy.  Could have got a much better pork sandwich at paesano's (speaking of which, I can't believe how much I love paesano's and disliked Modo Mio!).  
Desserts were good.  We got an extra one on the house to make up for our wait.  But by this point, we were full, tired and generally unhappy with our meal.  Too little too late.  I will say the panna cotta was the best thing I ate.  
Overall, the long wait time put a bad taste in my mouth and the food was at best uninspiring and at worst a poor meal.  For $95 (2 turista tasting menus and tip) I should not leave feeling disappointed.I must say, I had high hopes for this place, but my party of 7 was pretty much let down.
First, they came out with a tiny bite of gorgonzola and fig jam on their house bread, which was quite delectable but packed a pretty salty punch for its size. Next, the bread came and while the interior was hearty and delicious, the crust was insanely hard. The accompanying porcini olive oil with ricotta was ok, but the ricotta was pretty flavorless.
The wildly different and delicious-sounding appetizers all had the same thing in common: WAY TOO SALTY. It's really a shame though because ricotta crab cakes and mussels in a spicy red sauce are right up my alley. The eggplant roll looked gorgeous, but pretty standard, and the chicken liver cannoli sounded very interesting but definitely not my cup of tea, nor the friend of mine who ordered it. 
Now for the pastas. Again. Really salty. I got the veal and beef ravioli, and they would've tasted so much better if the kitchen went lighter with the salt. It's a good thing the sauce was a lightened broth rather than a heavy tomato or cream sauce though-I can only imagine the sodium levels then.
Continuing on this downward trend, I think the entrees might've been the most atrocious in taste and presentation. 3 people got the veal cheek and all agreed that the tomato-ey sauce with orange gremolotta tasted canned with a sickly. sweet, sour, weirdness going on. My pork tenderloin was, you guessed it, SALTY, with the addition of cheese and sopressata and a tasteless weird sauce whose ingredients I am completely unsure of; however, I've never had an egg before that had the 'fried' texture without that unpleasant skin. It had the most pleasant crunch to it-utterly extraordinary. 
And finally dessert. They gave us a round of some kind of licorice-flavored alcohol, which was really good considering I hate licorice. And they gave us 7 different desserts: basil panna cotta with pistachios, flourless chocolate cake, an apple cake with caramel and vanilla ice cream, layered genoise cake I think, some kind of semi-freddo, a ricotta tart, and I can't remember the last. I guess dessert was my favorite because it was a break from all the salt, but I remember the panna cotta being unique yet too gelatinous and the semi-freddo being a blob of 1 texture at room temperature-no 'freddo' here. 
Overall, I appreciate the innovative nature of Modo Mio, especially in a city where Italian is overplayed and overpriced, but execution is really all that matters in the end. I have to give the service 5 stars though. Our waiter was really attentive and helpful, and this is the best dining experience that I've ever had in Philly. So if you're tired of being treated poorly and want a delightful dining experience, come. Who knows, maybe their next menu won't be quite so offensive.I had to organize a conference dinner for 35 people and we had it here. They went above and beyond the call of duty and everyone was very satisfied. Several of the people who live in Philadelphia were shocked at the quality and mentioned that they look forward to bringing their friends and family here to try it.Every year I try a new spot on my birthday, and this year a good friend of mine insisted on taking me here.   She nailed it; best birthday dinner I have had in my 30 years of existence.  It's a byob so of course we elected to bring an assortment of beers, as well as some tequila in a mason jar...why... because we're classy like that!  If you forget your bottle don't fret, there is a liquor store directly across the street that will fulfill all your needs/wants!
  If your looking for well constructed, balanced fine Italian plates then this is your spot! When I have the pleasure of experiencing a place like this I strive for the "perfect bite" (a mouthful consisting every element of the plate) as often as possible...the result, a culinary erection on more than one occasion!  My date and I both elected to go with the tasting menu while here which worked out very well because enabled us to try 2 plates from each course.  I have to say it was the first time in awhile that I had trouble looking for something to complain about.  This could partially be due to the fact that by the time the 3rd course was placed in front of us I was fairly saucy (ohh birthday tequila) but I couldn't stop eating.  The executive Chef Peter even went out of his way to come over and chat with us table side.  
  If your looking for a great date spot, look no further!  Intimate, yet not too formal.  The wait staff isn't in your face, they give you the room you need/want/expect in an establishment like this.  They paid just enough attention to us, and all of our courses we're well timed!Beyond amazing! It's BYOB, and you'll want to bring two bottles for all the food you're going to down. There's a really nice Wine and Spirits across the street. While the service can be a little slow (hey, there's probably close to 50 or so people in there at all times), they make up for it with smiles and charisma. The food cannot be described as anything less than five star. I'm impressed that the chef rotates the menu as often as he does. They like to experiment with what is currently in season. You would think that they'd stick with their main staples, but they seem to be good at making anything. They're risky, and I like that. Moderately priced Italian fair. If you can, go there on a Sunday for their Italian-style family brunch. It's basically a ton of pasta for you and your friends in massive bowls. Call ahead because spots fill up quickly (rightfully so).The first time I ate here the food was good, as well as the service, I would say it was 5 star.
The second time was not good. Too many dishes were redundant, like when my friend ordered a mussels dish. Then she ordered another dish (that she didn't realize had mussels because the menu did not state mussels being included) arrived.
I ordered a fish that was so bland, apparently they forgot to add flavor.  I ordered another dish that had anchovies, wow, it had so much salt in it that it burned my mouth. My friend tried a bite and it burned her mouth as well. I told the waiter, and he said that they would make the dish for me all over again. I told him not to worry about it, but he insisted.  Their way of preparing the dish for me all over again was to simply put it in the microwave. Obviously it was still SUPER-SALTY, even my other friend took a bite and it burned her mouth as well from the overabundance of salt. I politely told the waiter that the dish was not new and was merely microwaved. He denied it. He even insisted that the cook had not added salt to the anchovy dish. At this point I felt as though my intelligence had been insulted.
Modo mio needs to hire cooks/a chef who have actually educated themselves on preparing dishes with anchovies and on using herbs and spices in order to introduce flavor to fish.Really terrific.  Great service.  We went for the Sunday dinner meal.  The appetizers have such distinct flavors -- pickled vegetables, roast vegetables, beans, cheese, and so on.  Pasta and meats are great too.  This is a "hidden gem" in Northern Liberties that everyone should visit."When I can't get a reservation here, I'd rather eat at home..."
I've been to Modo Mio at least twenty times-and EVERY time I leave the restaurant with a smile on my face.  I'm the guy that tries so hard to choose something new and different from the menu, but when I place my order, I generally stick with my favorites:  the polpo (amazing combination of flavors and with all of the chef's food, perfectly seasoned), or the saltimbocca:  a grown-up grilled cheese and worth running a 5K for, the bucatini pasta (all pastas are homemade) carbonara-style and the breaded ribeye with egg, prosciutto and provolone are definitely on my list for the perfect "Last Supper."   Don't overlook the daily specials as the chef incorporates the most in season items in these dishes.  Not to be missed and a reason why I work out?  The bread.  AHHHHH!!  One bite of this perfectly baked carb and you will be hooked, just like me.  It is THE BEST bread I have ever had.  Desserts are understated, and the perfect finish to an amazing meal.  You can't beat the Turista Menu for $34 and with BYOB, it's a great way to have a phenomenal meal at a great price.  For large groups, reserve the circular table in the back of the restaurant to minimize the loudness of the dining room on busy evenings.  The entire staff works so hard to please their guests and I'm one of many that will return again and again.  Just save me a seat.
One more thing:  check out Modo Mio's new sister sandwich place across the street, Paesano's.Had reservations at 915 pm on a Saturday night. My husband and I showed up at 906 pm and were told by the female hostess that it would be a few minutes before she could seat us and that we could go wait outside...  Like we were somehow invading her space and taking up room in the empty forum in front of the restaurant. Like I want to wait outside on the street corner when it's now 930 and we still haven't been seated? I think if she was more cordial about it I wouldn't be pissed right now but customer service and hospitality go a long way. If I make reservations for 2 at 915 that's when I expect to be seated and not standing on the corner. If the food and remaining service is impeccable I will update my review.
Update: impeccable service... Once we were sat down the waiter took great care if us. When we initially came in, the waiter asked us how we were doing and my husband voiced his displeasure. From that point on, the waiter and the chef in the back did everything they could to make up for the initial inconvenience. The food and service and ambiance was amazing. Will come back. Thank you to waiter and kitchen for being so accommodating.If you're in the city and looking for a spectacular place to eat with wonderful service, this place is it. The byob option keeps the bill down. The food is ALWAYS amazing. I've come back multiple times and I am never disappointed. The kitchen uses seasonal ingredients to offer the best possible selections on the menu. The menu turista is the best option but even if you don't choose that route you won't be disappointed. The gluten free options are simply the best. The gf baguette is sourced locally from Taffet's bakery in little Italy and is the best I've ever had. They are exceptionally accommodating and will cater to your needs. The service is always on point. Make sure to come hungry and bring cash! Best Italian/gf spot and my favorite restaurant to go to in Philadelphia/possibly anywhere.Holy shit, best food I've ever had. 
tourisa menu gives you 4 courses for $34 
this isn't really the Italian food your thinking of. no spagetti here just stuff more awesome than that. 
I'm a fan and will return again, and again. 
The space is small  so it gets loud but shouldn't every restaurant?This has to be one of the best restaurants I've been to in Philly. We got a four course meal, and the duck main course that I got was absolutely delicious. Dessert was also amazing, and so was every course. They are moving locations, so I hope they keep the food quality.Dined here for the first time yesterday and it will definitely be my last!!!! 
food: 
They have a 4 course menu option for $40 (the price was raised). I wasn't that hungry so I opted to just get just a main entree. I ordered the chicken piccata which was 1 medium sized piece of chicken breast for $20. The biggest rip off ever... Basically come here only if you're hungry enough for a 4 course meal or else ordering off the menu is a rip off. Also, it was very salty.
Service:
SO slow. Our dinner on a Wednesday night took 2 hours.... We we're waiting so long to first be waited on, then our food came out slow, then we would sit and wait for the waiter to come back when we're done. The worst part, when I ordered my entree he was trying to push more food on me disappointed that I opted out of the 4 course. Also, all his recommendations were the most expensive - never trust waiters that do that!!! 
Modo mio - living in no Libs I was excited to try this place but I won't be back.I have to agree with what everyone has said.   This is probably the best Italian food I have ever had in Philadelphia and at the best value ($32 for a four course meal!).  I went with my boyfriend and we simply ordered whatever the waitress recommended.  Everything was spot on amazing!!  The entrees were a bit salty, but we still cleaned our plates.  We also got a complementary shot of licorice liquor at the end of our meal.  Delic!
Added bonus is that it's like a four minute walk from the Girard station on the blue line.What can I say that hasn't already been said. This is not Italian food for the meatballs and gravy crowd, just authentic, no frills, hearty, delicious, seasonal fare worthy of your best wine. and all at a great price. The tourista menu is flat out the best deal in the city. It's refreshing to see some of the adventurous dishes on the menu such as rabbit, chicken livers, veal cheek and sweetbreads. Bravo to chef Peter McAndrews for not caving in to the ordinary. Yes it's tough to get a reservation but that might tell you something about the experience and quality. so just book a few weeks in advance and stop your wining....So far best Southern Italian food ever i have ever tasted in US also Italy. I have been to Italy eat in so many places but this place made me feel really really good. Every portion, professionally prepared i haven't seen anything made me think " och, oohh no etc". My best of 2015 Modo MioFood was phenomenal.  We did the tasting menu and I loved that we could get a little of a lot of different options at a reasonable price with reasonable portions.  The scallop appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  It was perfect.  The rabbit pasta was very good but the gnocchi my companions ordered was better.  The stuffed trout was absolutely delicious - I wouldn't change a thing!  Finally dessert - we each got something different and the chocolate flourless torte was the best.  They are BYOB and cash only - but there is a spirits store across the street and an ATM on the premises.  Oh yes, the homemade bread served at the start is also very tasty with a salted crust and served with a smooth hummus.  Our waitress was a bit flighty but overall very friendly and eager to please.  She was attentive and overall service was excellent.  Atmosphere is the one area where the restaurant could improve.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't much to see.  But if you appreciate the food - this is the place to go!Fantastic food that will fill you up but the service sucks. We werent given menus for over 15 minutes. I looked around at one point and no one at other tables, including ours, had food or drinks. They ran out of bread. They didnt bring us drink refills or more olive oil until we asked a few times. It took us 3 hours to get through dinner because they were so slow. The restaurant is so loud my voice is sore the next day from screaming at the person across the table from me. The waiters were not attentive even though the restaurant probably has less than 20 tables. Oh and the atm was out of cash and its a  ash only place. I was told to go to the bank across the street. I went to two of them and neither atms were open so I had to go to acme instead.Truly disappointing experience. First, the smell of cigarettes; second the bad food ( the calamari salad was soggy and sweet; the arugula far from fresh; the presentation sloppy). My friend could not finish her chicken nor the bruschetta. The service was pretty bad too- 35 minutes for the antipasti.  It was so bad that I won't even bother giving it another chance.Oh my Modo Mio.  This is place is fantastic.  With a revolving menu (or so it seems), I've always had a different meal at this place and I haven't been disappointed yet.    I always go with the $35 4 course meal to ensure that I'm very full and I've tried a little bit of everything.  I wish I could remember the names of the dishes I had, but I assure you pretty much everything is great.  The bread is a little hard though, so beware.
As for the location, it's sorta on the fringe of Fishtown, NoLibs, and Kensington, so I'd be careful not too park too far north and west.  Generally I find a spot right out front so it's not a big deal, just be aware.
The ambiance is simple.  It's a small place and the tables are close to each other, so if that's not your thing, beware.  Also, make sure you make reservations, even on week nights it tends to really fill up.  
And did I mention BYO?Enjoyed the food here, although I thought the portions were a little tiny. 
Went with a group of 6 and we had a chance to try and share a lot of the items on the menu. Normally I don't eat duck, veal or pork, but I decided to give them a shot because they didn't have any "ordinary" beef or chicken dishes. I'm really glad I tried them because some of the dishes were just superb. I just wish the portions were bigger.
The waitstaff was also very friendly.
PS- I couldn't stop eating their bread. It was most likely one of the best I ever had.For our family birthday dinners we like to go to good restaurants throughout the city. This was by far one of the worst birthday dinners ever! I was excited to go based on rave reviews from my fiancé. We went there for the Sunday dinner and all I can say is that I was sorely disappointed...and she was too.  The food was below average and the portions for 6 adults and 2 children were small. Maybe we caught them on a bad night or maybe it's better when it's not the Sunday dinner. All I can say is my experience was bad, so bad that I'll never go back. There are so many better Italian restaurants that I don't want to take the chance of wasting money again.The menu and meal was only sub-par to the amount of reviews/stars that I have seen from other reviewers. The price for the food is more expensive than what is presented.I'm always afraid to finally go to a place that I've been highly anticipating and have spent way too much time reading Yelp reviews on.  I had super high expectations going into this meal, and I'd say that they were met, but not exceeded.  Ah, the woes of an obsessive review-reader.
Even on a weeknight, this place can get really busy (and LOUD).  They accidentally double booked our reservation and my dining partner and I had to wait for about a half hour before being seated.  They were very apologetic and brought us all four desserts on the menu as a courtesy.  Ummm yes, apology accepted!  Anyway, on to the food!
I really can't imagine why you wouldn't do the turista menu - it's a great deal and gives you a chance to really explore the menu.  The portions are definitely bigger than "tapas" size, so I had some trouble eating every bite of my four courses,  but thankfully my DP had a big appetite. 
The spicy mussels with red sauce were in a word, delectable.  I order mussels literally every time I get a chance, and these were some of the best I've had in Philly.  This was absolutely the highlight of my meal.  The fried egg on top of the lasagna really makes it unique.  It's pretty heavy as a second course, but the combination of textures and flavors was well worth it.  I ordered the skate wing as my entree but I wasn't a big fan.  It was my first experience with skate though, so I really can't comment on the taste or quality.
The fact that there is a liquor store across the street is probably one of the best things about this BYOB.  Great place for a date or a long catch up with a friend - lots of food to try and chat over, but be careful: the pace of the meal makes it very easy to accidentally go through two bottles of wine!My hubby and I have eaten here on several occassions.  Food has never disappointed.  We chose the 4 course meal and looked forward to every dish delivered to the table.  Staff is also very attentive!The food was good but the waiter rushed us through our meal then we got the boot.  No chill time and an abrupt ending to our 5:00 seating. With no one waiting as far as I could tell. But i would go back but not on a busy night. Very good place for sure.We've been coming to Modo Mio regularly for five years and have never been disappointed by the food or the service.  We use Modo Mio as both our "go-to" restaurant and as our "special event" restaurant.  We've never had to wait (reservation,  reservation, reservation) and have dropped in and been accommodated.  EVERYTHING is great. The array of unusual dishes in each of the fixe prix categories does create a desire to be more than one or two people in order to try the many ways seemingly disparate ingredients are combined to make amazing flavors and textures - chicken liver and figs - wow!  The lasagna is really specially, as the vitello - veal and anchovies?!  If the portions were larger, very few people would ever reach the secondi course.  Noisy when crowded? Yes, but even with my poor hearing, I can carry on a conversation at the table. It is crowded and table are relatively close to one another, but if they had fewer tables, then fewer of us would be able to enjoy an outstanding dinner.  If you want to go to a quiet place with only a few diners, I would guess that the food there wouldn't be drawing in customers.  An empty restaurant usually means one thing....  Modo Mio should be a big secret, but the word is out, and we'll just have to live with that!Place is a must try. get the tasting menu! everything is great!
go early if you don't like loud/cramped places. 
BYOBWas pleasantly surprised with all the food - shocked by some of the flavors and how strong they were. The $33 fixed menu is a pretty sweet deal.this is probably one of the best prix fix menus hands down.  located on an unassuming strip of girard avenue, the interior is simple but warm.  the service is unhurried and friendly.  we came on a sunday night for the sugo sunday meal.  what what a meal it was.
the first course is a huge antipasto course with salumi, pate, an enormous plate of 10 different marinated/roasted salads and cheeses and olives plus a warm garbanzo bean calamari ragu.  
stretch the belt for the 2nd course: one plate of lasagna with rich ricotta, a plate of buccatini/gnocci/rigatoni in a simple herb infused red sauce, and then a gigantic plate of tender and flavorful meatballs/sausage/chicken/pork. 
bring out the leftover boxes.
oh we're not done.  then comes a fresh arugula radicchio salad which is perfectly dressed with lemon and pecorrino and has a bitter acidic bite which is the best palate cleanser.
and finally, the dessert.  wine poached fruit, tirimisu and a chocolate cake.
AND THIS IS FOR TWO PEOPLE! 
come hungry.  it's byo.  best meal in a long time.$$ not $$$. This is my favorite BYOB in Philly hands down. It's not the absolute best meal I've ever had, but combine the service, price, and ever evolving menu and there is no beating Modo Mio. It's so refreshing to have top level service without the unnecessary fluff. And it's so small and unassuming and always packed that you can even bring your little one without the stares. Definitely the best meal I've had with my kid at the table. I guess my only complaint, if I must, and it only stands out in my head because everything else is always so delicious, is the bread. Eh. I would expect a little more from Modo. But perhaps it is a blessing in disguise to assure there is enough room for the yummy goodness ahead. Definitely make your reservations in advance folks!