I found Mom-Mom's food cart at a Night Market, and now they've opened a brick-and-mortar restaurant around the corner at 2551 Orthodox Street in Bridesburg! Score!
Sorry this is a bit of a bare bones review, but when I looked at the reviews and saw there was only one from 2018 and none so far for the restaurant, I felt like I had to get another recent one up. 
The food is delicious - flavorful and more complex than I expected. I wasn't raised in a Polish family, but friends who were say it's also very authentic. The pierogi dough is so soft and light it's almost like a crepe. The atmosphere is charming and homey, and the service is friendly, knowledgeable, and low-key. The vanilla-bourbon apple sauce is all I care about in the world from this point on. The kielbasy is from Czerw's down in Port Richmond and it is great - my partner's family has it for Christmas every year. I highly recommend the gołąbki - it's got some zing and, luckily for me, reheats beautifully since I totally over-ordered my first time here! Also I had never heard of pickle soup but now I want it all the time, especially when it's cold and rainy and I'm feeling under the weather. All of the bread they serve here - the long rolls, the dark rye - is excellent. Do yourself a favor and stop by this unpretentious BYOB gem.The food is nothing short of spectacular. Everything and I do mean everything cause I've had the whole menu is great. The staff is super chill and very pleasant. Adequate parking available. It is BYO and the setting is small and intimate. Only reason I took star off is the pricing seems very high and there was just 1 tv without cable (not good during a NBA playoff game). But otherwise the food makes up for the minor miscues.It should be 4.5 stars. A nice young couple, Ryan and Kaitlin make their own pierogies, learning from the Ukrainian ladies at the Cathedral parish at 8th and Brown. They usually stuff them with potato and cheese, but they do use other ingredients like  blueberries or cherries.They buy good kielbasa from Czerws. But I especially like their stuffed cabbage or galubki (holupchi). Being Ukrainian, I have eaten all of these foods for a long time. The galubki are better than any I have tasted recently. They come with a little spicy tomato sauce, just like my mom's. They move around a bit, Navy Yard, the Linc and at Clark Park on most Saturdays. Check their FB page. If you see their little cart, stop by for a nice lunch.Delicious! Wish they had a slightly larger menu but I realize that is hard to do.  It is like eating at Babcie's house!Absolutely delicious polish cuisine. The pirogies are plump, delicate and flavorful. The special of the day was a stew with kielbasa, lima beans, potatoes, shredded beef and cabbage. It was perfect. Stuffed cabbage was also a hit.These are the best pierogi's I've had in Philadelphia. I travel from Cheltenham, PA and my man travels from NYC for their delicious pierogis. The cheesesteaks pierogi's were delicious and are worth the trip in itself. The applesauce was amazing and I definitely recommend it. The service was increidble, attentive and friendly, and everything we ordered was fresh and outstanding. I love Mom Mom's this is the place to be!!!!!I'm so obsessed with mom moms polish food truck! I am polish, and I grew up eating my grandmas home made Perogies. Nothing beats her Perogies, they melt your mouth and warm your heart. I feel that way again eating Mom Moms Perogies. They are hands down the best Perogies I've eaten since grandmas!! The caramelized onions are perfect on top, and I love the sour cream on the side.. Not slathered on top. These are so good they don't even need sour cream!!  And don't get me started on the Galumpkis.. Holy hell they are the best Galumpkis maybe even better than my grandmas!! How does Moms Moms do it!!?? I don't know, but I'm in love. Keep it up guys, you bring me back a piece of my childhood :-)I was excited to hear that mommom's cart had an actual location! The restaurant is small, cozy, and clean. The decor is lovely and expect to find the menu written on one of their black boards. They have a super friendly staff who create amazing dishes. Ordered the golabki and pierogies and was not disappointed! If you have the chance, stop in and try one of their delicious dishes.Mom Mom's is one of the many food trucks that is stationed weekly at the Navy Yard, and it's one of the best! I can't recommend the cheese and potato pierogis enough (3 for $5 or 5 for $7). The pierogis are topped with sauteed onions, sour cream, and green onion. I actually can't recommend any other menu item, because they're so good that I can't stop ordering them. Though I can almost guarantee that anything else they prepare is just as amazing. Make sure you have cash, as I don't think they accept cards. Next Thursday is their final day at the Yard so make sure to stop by before they're gone for the winter!My husband and I ordered cheddar and potato pierogies and vanilla bourbon apple sauce from this food truck at the South Street Spring Festival. The pierogies were perfect in both texture and flavor, and they were served with a generous portion of sauteed onions and sour cream. The pierogies are obviously homemade and are doughy without being too heavy. They were seared nicely on one side and were stuffed perfectly with very flavorful filling. The apple sauce was good too, but the star of the show was definitely the pierogies. I highly recommend this truck to anyone that enjoys good Polish food.Delicious! I love pierogis but they can be hard to find. I really appreciate all the options. I little pricey but very worth the cost.  
I went around St. Patrick's Day and had the Cheddar and Potato topped with Shepard's Pie Special. Amazing! I'll be back soon!Each item we had was incredible!! At Mom Moms you can get traditional polish food like potato pierogi and kielbasa along with specialty items such as Philly cheese steak pierogi, potato pierogi topped with pulled pork and slow cooked beef pierogi with sauerkraut and bread crumbs. The strawberry rhubarb crumb pie was also absolutely delicious! Definitely check out Mom Moms!!At the Thursday Market in Clark Park, West Philadelphia.  Had an excellent kielbasa on grilled rye bread with sauerkraut, and previously have enjoyed superb regular pierogies as well as specialty pierogies such as cupcake, blueberry, and cheeseburger.   The couple running it are personable and friendly, the food is grilled on the spot so there is a short wait, and the decor of the cart is gorgeous--painted by Mom-mom herself, so they say!  Specialty items change weekly (if not daily) so go and be surprised!This place is amazing. I love Polish food and Mom Mom's doesn't disappoint with traditional Polish dishes as well as some interesting pierogi recipes.I got a preview of this delicious food cart's offerings-the potato & cheese pierogies are easily the best I've ever had, and the homemade applesauce is AMAZING! It really tastes like your Polish grandmom is back there cooking you up a delicious dinner. Make sure to check Mom-Mom's Twitter page to find out where they're at! https://twitter.com/mommomnomnomWent there with 2 other Polish food affectionattos. Pierogi are excellent. I ordered the farmers cheese and was quite impressed. Perfectly done. An order was more than filling. The potato placki were very good. Pickle soup gets a thumbs up. Looking forward to many meals there.I must try if you're in theBridesburg area homemade cheesesteak Pierogies are One of many things on the menuMom Mom's isn't what you'd expect from a typical food truck. These are by far the best perogies I've ever had. Homemade ooey gooey deliciousness that just melts in your mouth. Get them topped with caramelized onions, sour cream, and applesauce- you won't regret it! You can find them at Garden Variety across from North Bowl. Whether you're looking for a quick snack, lunch or dinner, Mom Mom's will hit the spot!One of the best food carts in the city. I have been twice now and both time the food has been excellent. The classic pirogues are amazing.I saw this place on FYI Philly on channel 6 and wanted to try it because it was my mom's old neighborhood.  Today I had the opportunity after researching ancestors in a local cemetery.  It was absolutely amazing! The best pierogi I have ever eaten including homemade by myself and family. Light dough sautéed to perfection served with onions and sour cream. I had farmers cheese and a cousin had potato.  Great flavors! My other cousin had golumpki which she pronounced as yummy, even if I can't spell it. She also tried a cold asparagus soup with pistachios, strawberries and farmers cheese. Amazing! 
Owners were very friendly and accepted our compliments graciously. I would love to take one of their pierogi making classes some Wednesday night. 
We definitely want to return.Delicious!
Mom-Mom's was stationed at the Navy Yard at lunchtime on Thursdays this summer/fall.  Unfortunately for my taste buds, I didn't get a chance to try them until their second to last week here!  I am counting down until nicer weather when they hopefully will be back down here!
I tried the pastrami reuben pierogi.  First of all, reubens and pierogi are two of my most favorite things in the world.  So to put them together was a dream come true.  These pierogi were stuffed with swiss cheese and pastrami and then covered with sauerkraut, rye croutons and thousand island dressing.  Every element of the dish was super fresh tasting and delicious.
The only reason they lose a star is that it is a bit of a wait after you order (they grill the pierogi to-order) and the price was a little high.  At $7 for three pierogi, it wasn't SUPER expensive and I was pretty full after eating them, but it wasn't really a full lunch, ya know?  More of a snack type item.  Regardless, I really enjoyed my meal here and can't wait to visit again!SO DELICIOUS. my SO and I got these pierogies at the Kensington Derby festival, and they blew us out of the water! perfectly crisped on the outside yet light and fluffy on the inside. the provided toppings, sour cream and caramelized onions, were the perfect complements. I'm honestly not usually an onion fan, but I have to rave a little about how tender and flavorful these were, and how delicious they were with a big bite of potato and dough. We shared a portion of 5 pierogies (if I recall correctly) and were both extremely satisfied both by the food itself and the portion-cost ratio.
our only complaint is that now we periodically crave these pierogies but haven't seen the food truck since!I have been waiting to try this place for awhile and  I was not disappointed. The food was great, the proce was great, the staff was great. Will be recommending and going again.Place is great. Great pierogis, great kielbasa, had a special of pork medallions in Rye breadcrumbs which was great. If you're missing mom-mom's food, here's a quick replacement.  Love this placeReview #4 
Probably the best Polish food I've had state-side. Totally worth the Uber out there to try it out. 
Staff is dynamite & ownership is present and tops. Super duper good stuff all around. 
Highly recommended if you dig this kind of cuisine & you're open to a lil north east adventure to try something awesome. 
Rad.Whatchu know about pierogies?! Every item at Mom-Mom's is like heaven in your mouth. I'm so excited that Philly has a new kid on the block and it's AMAZING. We follow them on facebook to stay updated on their current offerings and location. No more traveling to Port Richmond to get your polish fix, people... Mom Mom's is taking over NoLibs.... GO GET IT.Been dying to try it, finally got takeout on the way home from work.  I bought some frozen pierogis for later as well as some hot ones, which are browned and served with sour cream and caramelized onions.  I also ordered the kielbasa platter.  My husband said "OMG" on repeat while eating it.  It was just so homey and delicious, absolutely loved it, completely lives up to the reviews.Great spot!  So good.  So my friend chose this for his birthday get together and we had a blast and the food was all great. Loved all of it and the staff were so fun, friendly and down to earth welcoming I knew I wanted to come back soon.
A couple weeks later, I went back with my mom and a friend to just enjoy more of their grub and we were all in heaven.  The cheese steak pierogi were my favorite but the farmer's cheese pierogi were absolutely delicious too ... so close to a tie really.  The Golapki were wonderful, though my mom wish there were just a little more cabbage .... they were devoured by us as it was though.  Everything we had was excellent and at such a great price.  
Looking forward to more!Had Mom's pierogis, kielbasa, and stuffed cabbage at Night Market Point Breeze.  They were all delicious, which is why we kept going back.  The stuffed cabbage was delectable - it melts in your mouth and had a mild tomato cream sauce on top.  The pierogis were nicely browned had just enough cheese mixed with the potato filling.  They take a lot of time to thoroughly caramelize the onions on top.  You can tell that they care about the food that they serve and take the time to make sure everything is cooked perfectly.We took a pierogi making class here and absolutely loved it! We ran into serious traffic and arrived late - the people leading the class could not have been more understanding (which we so very much appreciated). The pierogies tasted amazing - both the ones provided beforehand as well as the ones we were able to take home. We also loved the food we took home for dinner - we couldn't recommend this more!I really enjoy eating here. This is truly a hidden gem in the City. Its been a while since I had the chance to sneak down and bust a grub.Oh my goodness! Love this place! We had the pickle soup, stuffed cabbage, perogi, and pumpkin cheesecake. Everything was absolutely wonderful. Our server, Ryan was such a sweetheart, explaining the menu in detail.
This is the best polish food I've ever had. To anyone thinking it's pricey, which I don't think it is, remember this food takes time to make. Our church makes them, but uses instant mashed potatoes. Yuk. 
Mom mom's are real potatoes and the dough is just so tender! I can not say enough about mom mom's. Can't wait to go back. 45 minutes away, but so worth it.Stuffing them in your face is the best way to eat them.  Beautiful cart, food, and people.  Perfect comfort food.  LOVE IT!I literally stood in torrential rain for delicious Polish food :)
My Aunt has a secret family pierogi recipe that I was finally given maybe 2 years ago. We eat a lot of pierogies in the family at all holiday dinners.
Mom-Mom's is on par with what I grew up with. The flavor, texture, the filling, all super fantastic.
Now, the golabki.. my friend's Baba (grandma) has been making me the best golabki since Kindergarten. Mom-Mom's golabki is perfect. And because it's hard to get to see Baba to get her delicious foods, I now have Mom-Mom's for all the cravings that hit.I love this establishment! Great service and amazing polish food. Very happy I was guided to MomMom while in Philadelphia!I can't say enough good things about Mom Mom's! We had their food truck at Philadelphia Brewing for a surprise party for my husband and the food was amazing - everyone loved it! The best part however is how wonderful their people are. Ryan and his team were so friendly and great to work with and I cannot wait to see more of them (and of course eat more food). Thank you thank you Mom Moms!Best pierogi I've ever had in my entire life. Made me forget I was standing the in rain while I was eating it.Authentic is all I have to Say.  Go get you some Nom Nom @ Mom Moms
Had a little bit everything, Cheesesteak Pierogi, Golabki, potato and cheese pierogi.
Wish I lived closer, will be a must stop when traveling through the Port Richmond area.Polish never tasted so good - just like babcia used to make, it's comfort food that will have you coming back for more.
Polish food is the most underrated of cuisine. Growing up in the coal region of northeast Pennsylvania, with its strong Polish/Lithuanian/Eastern Europe influence, I've been telling people for years about this type of food. I was delighted to find this food truck at Chaddsford Winery, and I was drawn to the food truck by its immense ethnic pull. I was delighted by the straightforward dishes of potato and cheddar perogies, golumpkis (cabbage wrapped beef or pork with a sweet tomato sauce on top), and kielbasa sausage with sauerkraut. 
Yes humble yelp reader, I went back to this food truck three times. And I would go three more times if I see this food truck again. 
If you're reading this and it doesn't sound appetizing, you are missing out - delicious homemade comfort food that will instantly make you fall in love with Polish food. So if you're waiting in line at that kebab/cupcake/BBQ truck and see this across the way, take a chance and give it a try. You can message me your thank you later.Kaitlin and Ryan catered our wedding last weekend at the MAAS Building and we could not have been happier. The team was helpful and gracious throughout the entire planning process and executed the event wonderfully. Our guests are still swooning over the cheesesteak pierogis. They are two of the most hard working and kind people we have ever met. Would give them ten stars if I could. Go visit them!Too full to talk about it but must say Serena is a rock star! Craziest day here ever and she dealt with it all with grace! Super woman.So this place is EPIC, my husband & I were in Philly for 9 days. I knew we wanted to check this place out, it's actually a Brick & Mortar NOT a food cart which they also have too! 
So the Farmers cheese & the Potato Pierogis are INSANE! IF anyone knows anything about Pierogis & how labor intensive they are, you have to just appreciate APPRECIATE what this restaurant does. You cannot get any better or authentic than Mom Moms. We plowed through some Kielbasa & Vanilla Bourbon Applesauce! Oh my goodness. 
To top it all OFF, we finished with a Rhubarb sour cream based upside down cake---- the owner is not only a talented chef but also an artist! Oh I wish we lived closer!! Thank you guys so much for your dedication to quality!Excellent Polish food in a relaxed atmosphere with super service. The best pierogis and pickle soup! Lots of vegetarian options, BYO, and it is in Bridesburg (worth the trip!). I am excited for their new spot (on South Street) but will miss this location if they close the dining room (which I read was a possibility).First visit to the restaurant but not our last. Everything we ordered was fresh, hot and delicious. Loved the shareability of the food. We ordered cheese steak perogies, stuffed cabbage and some kielbasa. I never had pickle soup before but it is a favorite now. EnjoyWe used Mom-Mom's food truck for our wedding this past weekend. Ryan and his team were an absolute pleasure to work with. They are professional, flexible, available whenever we needed them by phone or email, and the food is incredible. Half of our family is Polish and they were raving about the food. Service was amazing -- our guests loved it. They were everyone's favorite of our three food trucks. If you want a food truck with smooth service, excellent food and a business that goes above and beyond then you have found them in Ryan and his team at Mom-Mom's. Thank you guys again for being so stellar and helping make our day so special.Very often you get a pierogi that makes you want to cry! Chewy or just not all that! Mom Mom's will have you crying tears of joy. They are just so good!! All you have to do is try them and you will be able to taste the TLC that is put into each one. They are like delicious clouds of happiness. Also the apple sauce is da bomb. Really it is.This place is super cool. It's a small place with BIG flavor. You may have to wait for a seat depending on when you visit but it's worth it. We go mostly on weeknights and have never had to wait. 
First off, any place that offers birch beer as a beverage option automatically makes me swoon. However, their food makes me swoon just as much. 
We always order the cheesesteak pierogis with spicy ketchup. It's such a fun twist on a Philly classic. And it's super fresh! The golabki's are delicious too! They remind me of my grandmother in laws! 
Everything here is made with some serious love and you can tell the owners and staff really take pride in what they do. The staff is SO nice and helpful. They help navigate the menu and and give great recommendations. I never thought I'd try pickle soup until they suggested it. So happy I did, it was unique and flavorful! 
Anyways, we'll definitely be back! 
Cheers.I just went in for the second time. First time was takeout, I decided to eat in today. And service was fantastic both times and the food is out of this world. I got one of their specials, cheese steak porgies and a order of gołabki. The porgies where great and possibility the best gołabki I've had to date. This is a cool spot to bring a few friends and eat family style. I plan to.Look at those prices. WTF. This is Bridesburg not the 4 seasons. Do they co- sign loans so you can pay for it. (Won't last)Amazing! Tried their "Pierogial School" cooking class. It was a delightful afternoon! They treated us to a huge platter of delicious pierogi, gave us some history and taught us how to make the perfect pierogi. Ryan was an excellent instructor and the service was top notch. We all left with a sampling of all their menu items for dinner with our families. Rave reviews from everyone on everything we brought home. We will definitely be back!The cheesesteak pierogies are absolutely delicious with the caramelized onion on top. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. The apple sauce is great too.
Stuffed cabbage has creamy tomato sauce and well seasoned.Bought Mom-Mom's cheesesteak pierogies at head house farm market last Summer. So great that a week later I stocked up for the freezer and pan seared them two at a time, now and then, over many months. Heartbreaking when we ran out. Glad to see they have a small store location in center city now at 15th and South, where there is usually street parking available to dash in. Many other flavors but that one is garlic-free so safe for our purposes. Tip: buy a container of their caramelized onions for the perfect accompaniment. Sooo delicious.Really cute spot. Staff is super friendly.  Everything on the menu is excellent. Highly recommendMom Mom's recently catered our wedding reception with their adorable cart, and I could not recommend them enough!  We went for a non-traditional wedding celebration using food trucks for the catering, and it was the best decision we could have made!  Our guests are still raving about the pierogis.  The hardest part of the process was trying to narrow down our menu because there are just too many delicious options!  Not only was the food amazing, but Ryan and Kaitlin were such a pleasure to work with in every way!love it!!! fave place ever literally i can eat like a million peirogies there. it's small and stuff and so cute. although i did order a big tray and they came a bit soggy and were not that good so if u want a good mom moms peirogie you really gotta eat in the restaurant.I'm a travel nurse, and I'm literally only in Philly on work days. I wanted to try something new, and this immediately caught my eye. I ordered the Cheesesteak pierogi without a second thought, and Grubhub delivered them nice and fresh and hot. The pierogi dough is soft and perfectly cooked, the filling was delicious, the caramelized onions were perfectly executed and added a nice touch, and the ketchup was tangy and a good compliment to the pierogi. I have had tons and tons of pierogi in my life growing up in a Polish family, living in a Polish community, (I even lived in "Little Poland" New Britain , CT), so I consider myself to be picky when it comes to Polish cuisine. These are some of the BEST pierogis I ever had in my life! I'm only disappointed I didn't order more, but I'm very cautious when people try to make Polish food. I can't wait to try more! If you're thinking about ordering, just do it! You won't be sorry!!Ok for a fast food type place with Polish food,but for the price I would rather go to a sit down dinner with full service and entrees.  Nothing stood out as spectacular to come back.Mom Mom's pierogis are unbelievable! My mom and I drive as often as we can from the shore to eat at their restaurant and of course take some pierogi home for later. The hospitality has always been rad! Portions are shareable (super great from my mom and I), and the applesauce is worth the $$. 
I totally recommend attending a pierogi school if you get the chance. For the price you pay you get pierogis and a beverage, a tutorial, and then 12 pierogis to go home with. Being of Polish heritage, I enjoyed learning some pierogi basics since I no longer have the opportunity to learn from my own grandmother.Excellent golabki, pierogies, pickle soup and rye bread - all five stars! 
Half star off for the warm water and a star and a half off for the small $6 slice of cake. I'll be back for the soup and golabki, but I won't get 'had' again on the cake.I have a little bit of a food truck fetish. I don't know what it is, but serve food out of a colorfully-painted vehicle and I'm automatically intrigued. 
I, like many of the other reviewers, also am a Polish girl, raised on home-made pierogi made by my mother and grandmother for the holidays, or someone else's Polish-speaking grandmother for the local church fundraising bazaars.
So I do not say this lightly: Mom-Mom's is one of my all-time favorite food trucks, and their pierogi are phenomenal. 
I was at first turned-off by the concept of pan-seared pierogi. I'd always boiled/steamed them and drowned them in butter, but turns out there is more than one way to make little potato dumplings delicious. The caramelized onion, scallions, and sour cream are the perfect accompaniment to these pockets of heaven. Served up in an unassuming little paper bowl for $8 a serving, they're by far one of the best food-truck deals one can find, and they come with bonus nostalgia (for some, anyway...)
My only complaint is that it can be difficult to track them down --- I don't live in Philadelphia, and they don't always widely publicize where they are going to be, so it can be tough to make the trip when they last-minute post on Facebook that they're in a certain park for a few hours. But they are always so, SO worth the trip.You want a Gem?  Like something others don't know about?  Imagine this....You have real-deal Chefs/Bakers......North of Girard Ave......So, I begin.....
1.  Traditional Vs Specials?  
Answer: If you are reading this.....Point Blank.....They handle the classics,   Nothing on Alleghany can touch them.  As good, if not better than most Greenpoint/East Village spots when I live in NYC. So for classics....read no further. Just go.
But.....they go way beyond that. From what I gather....Chefs sourcing and cooking. (They list the purveyors)  Seasonal versus Traditional.  Regional (Philly area staples like Rabe or Sharp)  Old and New. Culinary work. Makes you feel like you are at the beginning of something big.
2. Can Mom Mom's Frozen Perogies be Delicious at your own Home? 
Answer:   I bought them. I served them. They tasted like just like what I got at Mom Mom's.  But......People ate them like candy! Kids liked them. Grown Men acting like kids. Don't give them out during an Eagles game. LIKE DONT. For Real. No Cheesesteak Perogies!  Think I'm Kidding? Your husbands friends will be there every Sunday. Like Clockwork.  
3.  Chef taught Classes on how to make Perogies?  
Answer:  Group Classes. Saw it on the chalkboard. Looked it up online.   Name another Restaurant were the Chef's will teach you the skills they have learned? And then take what you made home!  Holiday Party??? Hope my boss see's this post so we don't do Ax Throwing again next year.....
4.  A Family Event coming up?
Answer:     Ummm. This is how it started for me.  There food cart is at the farmers market.  You smell it everywhere. It starts with waiting in line..with farmers......it's literally the cafeteria for vegatable purveyors.  Then  heaven with carmalized onions  Imagine this truck at your own Family Reunion? or a Classic Car Auction?  Or a post-wedding Pool Party. Endless.
5.  Any Vegan Options?
Answer:  The reason I wrote this. They are thinking of everyone's dietary restricitions with their cooking.  Gluten Free?  Def. ....  Lactose Issues?  They have options.   And they donate to causes!
PLEASE.  Tell a friend.  (Selfishly) I want this closer to my house, at every reststop on the PA Turnpike, and in stores.  
I rest.Absolutely Perfect!!
Mom-Mom's came to serve our family providing lovingly handmade Polish food for a funeral reception. We were so blessed by the food and service. Pierogies were amazing. Golubki was delicious. Kapusta so delightful.As a Polish native I was curious, but more importantly, I was impressed. I tried the potato and cheese pierogi, which I love to make myself.  The dough was soft and the filling was smooth and well seasoned. They don't cut any corners and caramelize the onions to a perfection.  The pierogi were topped with a little green onion and accompanied by sour cream. For $8 you get 4 delicious pierogi. Kudos to these guys, you could sell these in Poland :)So we finally made it here and wow am I glad we did. The owner was there and let us know the lay of the land. The cheesesteak pirogies where so delicious and melted in my mouth they where some of the best food I've ever tasted. My man had the stuffed cabbage and basically licked the plate. We also had the cheese stuffed pirogies which where also yummy. Our waitress was a little clueless but sweet.  Can't wait to go back. Also they have pirogies making classes. I want to try that.I recently visited this truck at Lincoln Financial Field. 
This one is going to be simple. 
They're not complicated. They have pierogies and kielbasa along with a few other Polish delights, and they get the kielbasa from Czerw's. 
They grill them up and serve them in paper baskets with onions, or on a roll for the kielbasa. 
It's simple. It's straightforward. Quite honestly, it's fantastic! I downed my pierogies and kielbasa in record time. 
It ain't brain surgery. It's just damn good Polish food.I love this place! I got the pierogis. Very, very good. The caramelizad onions were a nice touch. 
The only suggestion I have is that there's vegan options. Like, I'd love if there were vegan sour cream.Great food and service. Went out of the way to come here with friends and not regretting it. Had a little bit of everything. You really can't go wrong here.I have to bump these guys up a star.  Mom Moms has easily become my favorite food truck.  Their pierogi are incredible and the price (especially compared to other trucks) is right on point.  
FYI- Potato and cheddar pierogi are 3 for $6 and 5 are $8.  Specialty pierogi are 3 for $8.  If you are a first timer, go with the potato and cheddar.Awesome! Ordered the philly cheesesteak and farmers cheese perogies, pickle soup and golabki.  All fabulous and will be back!Wonderful little restaurant, lots of atmosphere and amazing food !! The staff was so nice and accommodating and I literally could have eaten the entire menu! Highly recommend for authentic polish foodWow! Awesome pierogies either hot or cold for heating at home. Very generous portions with perfect dough and filling. We ordered cold pierogies with the potato filling. I sauté onions and garlic in butter and add the pierogies.  Just amazing! Highly recommendBest pierogi I have ever had. 
My friends dad use to get frozen pierogis sent to San Diego from Phili in the 90s and now I finally had a chance to make it to phili to try super fresh for myself. We had the cheese steak and the potato. OMG the beat ever. Thank you mom mom for teaching your family this delicious traditional food. The man on grill and woman up front (mom mom granddaughter) were both very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely stop in again when I am back in town.They now have vegan pierogi and stuffed cabbage! Also, since my last review they opened a restaurant in Bridesburg that is super cute and are opening on south street. So exciting!Awesome. Went here for the chocolate perogis. Left after eating those, the cheesesteak and the farmer's cheese ones. All really great. Service was above average. Ate the pickle soup and recreated it at home.Get these pierogis. I thought to myself for so long "do I really want to drive to bridgesburg for pierogis?" And I can not confidently say yes. I do. 
Potato pierogis were classic and very fresh. The cheese stake pierogis I thought would be a little Philly-gimmick but I was wrong. They're amazing.  The onions are a must add. 
Had some leftovers and they stayed good in the fridge for 4 daysI saw this on Diner's Drive-Ins & Dives and knew I had to visit!
Was about a 15 minute walk on a gorgeous fall afternoon.
On weekdays this business opens at 4pm and it is recommended to order on line for quick pickup!
We did just that!  The proprietors were young and hard working.  It is a takeout business but the adjoining bar has tables outdoors for use ( of course we went in and purchased a beverage).
I love visiting a family owned and run business.  The Polish food was all made with love.  We tried pierogis & applesauce but all the choices sounded great.
We will be back.Point blank: Go Here. I could write nothing but positive things about Mom Mom's. They are great food, fast, cheap, and a small business. What else do you need? Oh, their location. They are right across the street from Wine Dive, right next door to Bob and Barbra's, adjacent to the south street pop up beer garden, and like a few blocks away from Broad street. 
I have had their food as a food truck before and was waiting for this spot to open. They just don't miss the mark at all. It is just a joy to eat there. Yes, do I wish they had more of a seating area, and the shop was bigger, yes. However, going from Food truck to this, during a pandemic was smart. The outside seating doesn't stop them. They hand delivered our order. 
So, we got the Blueberry Pierogi, deep fried cause it is hot girl summer no matter what you eat, served with sour cream ice cream and some cooked down blueberries. Let me tell you how I drooled over this. I ate it within 30 seconds. That small scoop of sour cream ice cream was not enough. I wanted to order a pint of it. 
Just go. Order original Pierogis and enjoy. Order the dessert and be happy. They just brought back the elote Pierogi. Just go. Why are you reading this still? Check their hours, and go. Bring a friend, don't. It doesn't matter, you will love it.Omg amazinggggggg!!!! They had a secret opening yesterday in northern liberties and I was blown away! I had the pop-pop plate, only 13$ and you get kelbasa, pickled veggies, 3 perogies, kraut, rye bread, and that polish cabbage thing that I forget the name of but was super good! My friend got the sweet onion perogies with truffle oil fondue...had to steal a bite...they were out of this world! I wanted to order the dessert perogies (strawberries!) but I was so full...next time!!!So let me just tell you, we were at the Swarthmore co-op food truck party, and we stopped at this one...LORD...the perogi 's were the BEST I have had in a long time, crisp and yet light and fluffy. My hubby had the kielbasa sand with kraut on a nice roll and it was cooked perfectly! The 2 kids running it were kind and friendly! Way to go!!Mom Mom's moved last year from its original Bridesburg location to Center City Philadelphia.  On popular South Street it serves a loyal clientele as well as people looking for a tasty snack after hitting up the nearby bars.  It's all about pierogies at Mom Mom's and yes they do them extremely well.  In fact the chicken mushroom pierogies I recently ordered here were among the best I have ever tasted.  They were large in size and totally delicious.  My only request for Mom Mom's is to somehow offer a selection which contains a mixture of pierogi types.