Ugh. The last few times I've left this place, I've left annoyed. The hostesses and the bartenders are rude. Really terrible attitudes consistently. I will not go back. 
Can get the same fries and mussels at their other location in fairmount minus the attitudes.This was my first trip to the famous Monk's.  What anticipation!  The beer variety did not disappoint.  Maybe my expectations were too high but all other aspects of the place were only fair.  I was there for lunch.  Maybe it is better for dinner.  The place is dark and narrow.  I looked online so knew the menu in advance.  I had mussels.  Good, but I have had better.  Only the front bar was open and the bartender did not want to talk about the taps in the back room.  He was knowledgeable about beer but that is the only positive that I could give him.  I asked for a particular beer and he had to go to the basement to get one.  He came back with a different beer and poured it without asking me first.  When I noticed the bottle and asked what he did, he brushed it off as no big deal because he knew it was just as good and cheaper.  The substituted beer was good but that is unacceptable behavior by a bartender. Maybe Monk's is better with a different bartender.  Maybe, maybe, maybe.  Maybe Monk's is riding on its rep.  Maybe I will not go back.I love this place, the mussels are amazing and the mac and cheese is so good! I usually go to the back bar, and the bartender back there is great! There's always great beers on tap and the staff is knowledgeable and make great suggestions. Yummy, thinking about Monk's makes me want to eat there right now.... Guess I know what I'm doing tonight!My only complaint with Monk's is that it's popular. It's a Philadelphia institution, they've been pouring Belgian beer before you could find it on a map and long before you could tell the different between a dubbel, trippel, and quad. Great beer selection divided up between the front and back bar. Love the food. If I could reliably get a table or a place at the bar I'd be here all the time.I've had many, many great nights at this Philly staple. Writing this review makes me wish I was there right now settling in with some friends, ordering some fine beers and a couple pots of mussels on a crisp November night.
The beer selection is the #1 draw. The draft list is always changing but if you are into IPAs, barley wines, belgian blondes and then like, there's always something for you. I remember going once and seeing Pliny The Elder on tap and being particularly delighted. The bartenders themselves are seasoned vets and they know their stuff. They're also incredibly friendly and easy going. 
When the place gets busy, and it does get busy and noisy, it just feels vibrant, never chaotic. There's a great energy there. I'm giving this place 5 stars because it's a long-time favorite of mine and it never disappoints.the only reason i gave monks a single star is because the mussels are decent.  
the staff is rude and acts as if you are privileged to merely be in their company, the service from the moment we walked was miserable.  the consensus of our party was that nobody had ever been treated so poorly eating out before. 
there are plenty of other places in the area to grab a excellent beer - i suggest trying one as you stroll past monks.YUM. Love the mussels. Great service; I can actually credit their servers for helping me develop a taste for beer. Fun atmosphere. I always recommend it to people coming to the city.Delicious! Loved sitting at the bar.  Too many good beers to choose from!  I tried thd Belgian beers (since this is a Belgian restaurant) - Duvel draft and Chimay triple ale.  Try what they're known for - a small pot of Monks Mussels and pommes frites!  Just the right amount of food with bread to dip in the sauce.We arrived around 9pm on a Friday night and the four of us were seated in minutes and spent about 3 hours at our table ordering food and drinks.
These may be the best mussels that I have had in Philly. The small pot was huge so I can't even imagine what the large pot must be like. The 4 of us split 3 small pots of mussels and 2 sandwiches and were stuffed. The mussels also come with a side of bread and French fries. The Portobello sandwich was good, but I think their burgers are even better. They also have a decent beer menu. The 4 of us had 3 pots of mussels, 2 sandwiches and countless beers over a 3 hour period and our bill came to about $160, and we left very full and satisfied. Service was decent.
They do need to fix their bathroom sink because the cold water faucet did not work at all.For Belgian brews and tasty pub food, it doesn't get any better in Philly than Monk's.
Monk's has a great atmosphere--dark, wood-paneled walls smattered with Belgian beer paraphernalia and old woven tapestries, with a great indie/rock soundtrack to boot.
But really, you come to Monk's for the beer.  They have their own branded Flemish Sour Ale brewed for them that is bomb.  The Sour Ale is a MUST, and should be your first drink of the night. Always.
The tap list is always rotating but never disappoints.  Monk's does a great job of carrying some solid Belgian gems like Tripel Karmeliet, while also mixing in seasonal flavors, IPAs, and a few heavier beers.  The Monk's beer guide is worth a look for kicks, but the tap list is so great than I've never found myself wanting anything bottled.  For the non-beer enthusiasts, you can often find lambics that will satisfy.  The bar is pretty weak in terms of liquor, but that's not their wheelhouse.
Prices are rather high but won't kill you, especially if you're having fewer servings of boozier beers.
Food is great, but good luck getting a table until late night.  Odds are great that you'll be standing with your drinks until a bar stool or two open up--totally worth it for the the Monk's experience.Habit forming... like a Monk's habit.  Get it? I'm stupid. 
My little sister showed me this place when I came to visit in Philly.  Honesty, you can't beat mussels, pommes frites, and good beer.  A great ambiance and a great beer selection are two things that always make me smile.  
Now I understand why Belgium still exists as a country and hasn't been partitioned between France and Holland.  Actually, I don't. Why does Belgium still exist? Whatever, this place rocks.It was good food and great beer selection. I got the duck salad and it was very big portion and delicious. The first time I went however the hostess told us 20 minutes. We waited 40 before we decided to just go somewhere else. She even offered to sit out group at a large round table with another group? I though this was weird and kind of unprofessional? Like no thanks I don't want to sit across from random people while I eat dinner. Gonna give the benefit of the doubt and hope it was her first day doing that job. Thankfully the second time I went and successfully ate there it was a much better experience.I finally had the opportunity to eat at Monk's after some time of waiting, and my general comment would be that I expected more. 
   Now, the beer selection definitely lived up to the hype. As many Yelpers indicate, the beer menu is a book, and Monk's has whatever your heart might desire. 
   As an entre, I ordered the Provence mussels, which I hoped would tickle my taste buds. I actually hoped to experience something similar to Granville's in Washington, D.C., but the mussels did not have the strong flavor I hoped they would have. I will say that the quantity served was worth the price, but what the food was in quantity it lacked in flavor.It's more of a 3.5. Food is decent, beer selection is excellent (although I went with Duvel as I don't know much about Belgian ales and their "bible" was overwhelming). Ambiance is excellent. The service was below average. If hipsters annoy you, don't go here.Overrated, service slow and not very polite. Except when they are ready to give you your bill to move you out so they can seat others. Ordered scotch eggs and they came out with the pork raw and slimy. When mentioned this the waiter said that it is normal because the sausage is homemade. No the pork should not be gooey. The burger and fries were good, but nothing to rave about. Spanish fly chicken wings boast of being HOT HOT HOT, hardly. Would not come again, not recommend this place.Amazing Fleming sour ale, privately brewed, perhaps one of the best I however had. Great burger perfectly cooked, awesome chicken, and some sweet vegan/vegetarian options. A person in our party got the Seitan cheesesteak, and it was better than most normal cheesesteaks. Very friendly wait staff too! If I find myself in Philly again I'm definitely coming back.There are very few places where I am willing to wait over an hour for a table.  Monk's is it.  But because of this, I don't go often, and I don't even consider going on a weekend anymore.
The 6 of us went on Tuesday, and the place was packed at 6:30!  Fortunately, we are Monk's savvy, and showed up an hour early to start our festivities at the bar, so by 7:30 we'd have a table.  They don't take reservations and they won't seat you unless everyone is here, so once our last friend arrived at 7:30, we were seated at 7:45, not too bad.
Their beer selections rocks, and I really don't like to drink beer anymore (the bubbles make me feel sick), but here, you have to drink the beer, so I had their chimay on tap, and a bells in a bottle.  I promptly started to get a buzz since I was there on an empty stomach, so we order fries at the bar while we waited. I LOVE their dipping sauce.  It's SO much better than ketchup, and almost makes you think ketchup is so declasse. I've tried to replicate this sauce at home, but it's just not the same.
For dinner, I had a large pot of Brussels Mussels (it rhymes!) and their green mixed salad.  It was plenty and I was full.  
Their expresso creme brulee really was a misnomer, but nevertheless decent with a cup of coffee.  
I guess I am biased, because if it was anywhere else, I'd probaby give it less stars, but I love their beer selection, their fries (really just the sauce), and their mussels, that I'm willing to deal with the wait, spotty service, and the loud atmosphere.7pm on a Saturday, packed bar and only one bartender serving. Literally waited 7 minutes at the bar to even get a drink. After we were seated, had the Monk's mussels. Bland and unseasoned. Fries were on point. Ambiance is very homey and warm. Great service, had a server named Felicia that was super attentive and friendly. Will be back, maybe it was an off night.Amazing mussels for ~10. Juicy burger but hard as rock bread cut up the roof of my mouth. But ironically, soggy fries. Insanely awesome selection of craft beers and drinks. Nice staff and cool ambiance.
Fix the fries and the bread and it'd be a 5 star restaurant.Oh how I love their fries and clams! Amazing combo! Service was great (except I wish they would let me sit at the table instead of making me wait for my group).Monk's Cafe has a really huge and extensive collection of beers. There are SO many that are really unique. This is definitely the best part about the restaurant/cafe. Come for the beer as the main event! It's pretty busy even on Sunday night. We waited 25 minutes for a table for two. The ambiance is a little dark and bar-like as the bar is the main focus with food being secondary.
I won't review drinks specifically in the review because this time I only went for the food. I got the Monk's Burger and my friend got the mussels. I tried the mussels ($16) and quite liked them. They were garlicy and had a nice "sea" flavor. They were also juicy, and I didn't notice that there was any sand in them.
The Monk's burger ($13) was in general good. It comes with a side of seasoned fries and a mustard-mayo dip, which works well with the burger. The burger bun was very soft and enjoyable, and the blue cheese was sharp too. I found the burger meat itself slightly on the dry side and a little cold though, which is why I took off one star.
I did not get it this time, but I remember not liking the duck salad, thinking there was too little dressing.Finally got a chance to check out Monk's cafe this past weekend. Monk's gets a lot of hype so I was afraid that it wouldn't meet my expectations, but they most certainly did. Their beer menu is extensive to say the least - they have lots of beers on draft to choose from and it's just a fun place to be. Can't wait to return!Some say the beer list is impressive, but I'm not big on sampling beer. I just stick to my Corona.
The service was slow. The place is packed, so there can be a long, long wait, and once you're in, you probably won't hear the person right next to you because it's loud as hell. The food is average and overpriced. It might be a good place to drink on weekdays or for taking people from out of town.I like spicy food. Generally, when I order wings, I ask for the hottest ones without a second thought. I'm here to tell you that if you are like me, and decide to go to Monk's, you are about to make a mistake.
These wings are painfully spicy. I was dining with my good friend Callen, and we had a great night. It's fantastic to get someone who regularly drinks Miller Lite to enjoy a Delirium Tremens. As usual, the mussels here were fantastic. This was also my first time sitting at the back bar, and I love the atmosphere back in that little room.
The wings are a slowly growing fire in your mouth, and it sticks with you. One of the worst things is that if you have any other food or beer, you can forget about tasting it. Luckily, I saved the wings for last. By the end of the six wings I ate, I was visibly sweating and involuntarily crying. I'm not sure if that's embarrassing. These may be the hottest wings I've ever had.
Bottom Line: If you're looking for a challenge with incredibly hot wings. Stop by Monk's. Order these to go. Then take them home so people don't see you cry.2nd time in this joint and I love it. Hasn't changed a bit in 5 yrs. Chimay all colors and lotssss of other choices. Dark, hole in the wall, authentic.There is a fascination with this place that still evades me. My impression is that it is too small for the following, so everything from getting a beer, to a table and then food, just takes too long, and the price to quality ratio is off here.My friend and I went to Monk's Cafe around 3pm on a Saturday afternoon. The place was packed! We only had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a table, but probably would have had to wait longer if we had a larger group. We were seated by the bar in the back, which was pretty secluded from the rest of the restaurant. The service wasn't that great. The staff barely passed by our table. They had a description of each beer in their selection which was great. We ordered mussels of course - DeKoninck (DeKoninck ale, apples, gruyere, carmelized leeks, and garlic) and Ghent (Saison Dupont, fumé, parsley, carmelized leeks, bacon, bleu cheese & garlic). The DeKoninck mussels were way better than the Ghent. The apples added to the sweet and savory tastes of the dish. Also, the mayonnaise that accompanied the pomme frites was delicious.
They do not take reservations so you should get there early!Went here yesterday for my brothers 39th bday for a few drinks before heading out to dinner..Was having a great time check was paid and we're ready to head out to dinner and had one of the mangers come up the our table wondering how are experience was tonight?
 We all said we had I great time..And he questioned the tip on the bill?! He wasn't happy with the tip I left on the bill for the waitress . First off I'm a Professional Chef and I have in my 14yrs in the restaurant business I have never heard of anyone come to the table not happy about a tip and even ask for more?! Which he did! And made my poor brother feel so bad he gave him  20 bucks! 
That was so rude, unkind and unprofessional. The waitress we had was not great, she was good so I gave her the right amount for her service... it made a wonderful night turn soar. I will never return to Monks Cafe do to this... Take what you can get... And never question your costumers as well, or you will never see them again!Went there last night to meet up with some friends.  We arrived early and when I attempted to put my name down, I was told the wait was an hour.  Fine, no big deal.  I tried to put my name down and he asked if my full party was there.  I said they weren't, but I expected them to be there in a few minutes so I was sure they'd all be around by the time we could be seated.  His response? "Okay well that all depends on them.  Let me know when they get here."  The dialogue does not translate well on the Internet, but the guy was giving me a ton of attitude for no reason.
It was a Saturday night, and they only had ONE bartender working.  It took me forever to get a drink.  The place was unbelievably crowded, to the point that it was close to impossible to maneuver.  I understand places tend to be crowded on Saturday nights, but this was chaos, and the crowding could have been solved if they had someone else helping at the bar.
When my friends arrived, I tried to tell the hostess (I guess two people were in charge of seating) that we were all there.  She couldn't find my name and had to "confirm" with the other guy.  Luckily that was squared away, and within an hour we were seated.
The service was atrocious.  My friend asked for water and he was very rude as he said he'd bring out water for everyone.  Of course, the water was rarely refilled.  It took forever to order beers, and our food took a long time to arrive.  At first he gave me the wrong order, and then he came back with the right order.  I ordered a burger medium rare.  It was completely well done, but at that point I was way too hungry to send it back.  
The fries were pretty good, but probably not worth the wait.  My burger was decent, but completely overcooked.  The beer selection is very good, but I can't imagine myself going there for casual drinks.  The beer is very expensive, and I would probably only indulge in something like that on special occasions.  The service is terrible there, and I probably won't go back unless someone else insists on going to the place.  I really didn't appreciate getting attitude when I'm eating at a restaurant, especially when these people don't seem to have a clue about how to manage a crowd.Worth the wait.  Enjoyed the steamed Mussels and the Duck Salad was out of this world. IPA's were a perfect fit.I have to give this place a 5 star because everything was just perfect.. They do not take reservations, so we had to wait for about 30 minutes (not bad at all) .. We got a very good table for two (perfect for our date night) .. The wine and beer were great .. The ambience was perfect .. We ordered fries because we saw them at very table and they were really good. I ordered the salmon and my husband ordered trout for the entree and they both came out well cooked and tasty. (tip: The plate will look much cleaner they serve broccolini instead of broccoli with the fish. For dessert, they bring out an entire tray of all available desserts for you to see and choose while they explain what each is. We shared the blueberry cheesecake and it was soooooo good :D  For, people who like beer - they have a beer bible on every table .. interesting ..!I got the Salmon Framboise. The salmon itself was very good, albeit VERY small. I've had bigger pieces of fish at diners, for MUCH less the price. The waitress was very inattentive. The rice wasn't even identifiable as rice, mainly because it was SO DARK in there. I didn't like how the lights were VERY dim in there. Hard to see what was on the plate. The tables are WAY too close together to each other. The food and beer was overpriced. My boyfriend enjoyed it, but I didn't. I will not be coming back..Monk's mussels and an Allagash White... always hits the spot. Personable staff, great food, great drinks. This place has become a regular stop for me and I'm not complaining!Been to Monk's a few times for drinks but ate there for the first time on a Friday. Took a while to get a table for the 4 of us but that is expected on a Friday., so we hung out at the back bar for drinks. The food was above average and reasonably priced. "Small" pots of mussels, which were decent sized, were $10 and included fries and bread. One of the girls ordered a pulled pork sandwich and liked it. Certainly not the fanciest place in the city but a good spot to grab a quick bite.I've literally been to 100's of bars since I've turned 21 but this one is definitely my favorite. Eat here drink here and be merry. 
The mussels are the best I've ever had. I usually get the Ghent mussels. For 10 bucks you can't beat the amount given. Last time I was here, a guy next to me was talking about his pulled pork sandwich as if god himself made it. I plan on trying that next time. 
Service is outstanding. All the employees are knowledgable and attentive. According to my friend, most have been here for a long time. 
The best part of this place - the beer selection. They have a beer bible and it's loaded with craft beers. Considering it's a Belgian bar they are also loaded with my guilty pleasure which is sours. The owner has great connections to some of the best Belgian brewers on Earth. I always get lambics and geuzes here but my wallet is never happy with that decision.Came here for lunch during a work day so I couldn't try any of the beers. I had the fries which come with a flavorful mayo. Then the cheesesteak with seitan. Even though I am vegetarian, I had never had seitan before. It was really delicious! Much better than I expected and mixed with onions mushrooms and some French cheese. I actually wish the bread was toasted with some melted cheese on top, but it was still good. Can't wait to come back and try the beers! They seem to have a huge selection!Crowded. Warm. Cold Beer. Hot Mussels. 
Check your coat Philly style (throw it on the pile) and grab a seat. Wash down the fantastic bar food with a cold bohemian beer.Went here for dinner, and sat at the bar. The place is dark, but not terribly so. Beer selection is huge, although i did not partake in any. The menu was kinda gross, sticky and probably the most poorly put together i have ever seen.
Ordered:
Spanish Flies - Spicy grilled wings. Very good. Different taste, and actually fairly spicy.
Cheddar and bacon burger - Good quality patty, but the bread was way to big for the meat. Had to peel a good portion of the bread off. But the taste was good and it was satisfying.
Overall a good place to get a bite.SO GOOD. Whether you get the traditional mussels and fries, or the roast chicken (my personal fave here), I love this place. It feels relaxed, the food is tasty, and there's a HUGE beer list. However, having become gluten-intolerant recently, I'm disappointed at the lack of gluten-free beer (I don't think there's one on the menu, but I'm not sure). The chicken, however, makes up for lack of drink (I'm happy with some Pinot Grigio or just plain water anyway), and as a cute place with a hole-in-the-wall feel, I will definitely come back multiple times in the future.They do what they do and they do it well. Tons of great beers! Very unique selections. Great food...at least the mussels (Ghent) were good. Fries (umm err frites) were middle of the road. Have had wayyyy better...Burger Bach is the new standard....I think they use duck fat but I digress. Nothing trumps duck fat... Nonetheless, Monks is awesome and I hope this place is here forever! A landmark!Visiting Philadelphia on business and saw Monk's on Yelp.  Good vibe.  Loved the mussels.  Good draft beer selection.  Perhaps it is a normal price for Philly - and, premium 16 oz drafts in San Diego (Hamilton's for instance) are about half the price. Overall a nice evening.All food: quite good. All beer: badass. Service: good. Misses a 5th star because there's no rez and it's cramped as heck. Fergie is still the man, though.Great place- sometimes a bit more crowded than I would like, but I can't blame them! Of course great beers, and of course great mussels, but my boyfriend had the duck sandwich and that was awesome too! Bar tenders were great and wait staff is OK.Very good selection of of Belgian wares and some of the finest brews in the world.  Staff is knowledgable and the layout is bright and clean.  I've been to other places in the city that may have this one beat on service and even a bit on prices, but Monk's is bigger and more comfortable.  I don't mind paying a small premium to not feel crowded.Great dive destination in Center city Philly.  Grab a beer and some mussels and frites for a nice wind down from the day.There is always that one spot, where you can keep going there over and over again, knowing that every time, there will be something new on the drinks menu, and the food is always great.....Monks is one of those places.  Remember if you are planning to go there on the weekend, be prepared to wait for about 15-20 mins for a seat, as the place is really popular.  Talk about a beer selection, some of the best in the city.  Not only do they sport two bars, but each bar is featured with a different draft list, and no this is not your average draft beer list, this draft list has beers that I am convinced are sucked right out of oak kegs under the vintage bar.  Quick Fact: Monks has a Sour Beer on their draft menu that is brewed uniquely all the way in Belgium for this very location, It is great!
Get the mussels, i repeat get the mussels, If you grew up in a town close to the ocean and you want the taste of some fresh mussels, get them here.  There are several broths to choose from, I have come to like the ghent and the red Thai, the red Thai is spicy but delicious.  Dunk the bread, there is no better way of eating the breads that they give you on the side.  Also the fries are really good, they pair really well with the spicy garlicy sauce that accompanies it.  
As long as I live close or in this city, I will be going here over and over again.Sure Monk's is known for their beer list and mussels, but on a recent lunch date, I had one heck of a burger.  The pommes frites were amazing as noted in other reviews.
It was a bit quiet, but it was nice to sit by the front window.  Service was perfect, as usual.  If you are in this neck of the woods for lunch, go a little south and find yourself one enjoyable meal.It is a rare combination to find an amazing beer bar that serves some of the best food in the city. Monks has the best beer selection I have ever seen with a focus on Belgian beers. The house "Monk's Sour" beer is my favorite and is worth the trip alone. The food is fantastic. I've had the mussels, the steak frites, and the duck sandwich and all are top-notch. This is simple food executed very well that is outside what you will find at most restaurant menus. The place is no secret and is very popular every night of the week. It can be tough to get a group in for a table but the hostess was great about getting a table quickly and the waiter did and excellent job getting all the orders and keeping the beer flowing. Monk's is frequently named the best bar in the city and I have to agree.Was it worth the 45 minute wait in the crowded front bar for a table? If you like Belgian beer, excellent food and great service like I do, then the answer is a resounding "yes".  Homemade veggie burger was yummy, beer selection amazing. Everyone in our party of four enjoyed our first time here.   Good frites and dipping sauce accompanying all burgers. Coming back for the mussels and to check out their extensive "beer bible" again soon.East coast bar with Russian river pliny the elder; can't beat it! Awesome vibe here. Will definitely come back when I am in PhillyGreat beer selection and great food.  It's gotten a little pricey in the last few years and the lines for dinner are a little unbearable at times but once you're in and have your seat it's a wonderful experience. 
Typically I'll visit during the afternoon nowadays because it becomes crowded around 5pm-8pm.We stopped for some birthday drinks with my friends, the beer menu was great, but the service was terrible. Our waitress kept coming at our terrible trying to get us to order food (it was 9.30pm) while 2 out of 5 of us had ordered food already and the rest were drinking beers.
After being there for 1.5hours she brought us the check without us asking.... So rude!1. "Unbelievable" Mussels.
2. Tripel Karmeliet is amazing beer, worth writing home about.
3. The Staff was welcoming, I felt literally right at home away from home.They really need to change one of the hostess, didn't catch her name but she had an attitude problem. Waited more than 1 hour for a table of 3, there was a larger table available, if she would have gave it to us, we would have been done within 1 hour.  Other than that,  the waiter made it all better, food was great and a lot of selection on beer.Tried monks cafe's Flemish sour ale all the way from California and I'm in love! If you have the opportunity to visit this place in person you're one lucky son of a bitch! Best sour ale I've ever drank! Hope to visit philly soon just to come here in person!!!!'Came here a few times when I was in college outside of Philly, and have been meaning to come back next time I'm in the area. I'm not a beer drinker, but you have to get a glass of something when you're at Monk's--I'm sure this place is nothing short of paradise for those who are.
I've only ever gotten one thing on the menu, because it's impossible to pass up: the mussels. Amazing, beautiful, perfectly prepared mussels, brought to you in a pot to fish them out of, complete with thin, crispy/soft Belgian frites, a delicious mayo dipping sauce, and a roll. There are few more perfect meals. Especially for the $10 you pay for it.
It does get crowded as heck...be prepared to come in and hang by the bar for at least 45 minutes (though easily longer) if you come with a group on a Saturday night. The food is worth it though. And the beer too of course, if that's your thing.has been in business in one form or another since it was 16th Street Bar & Grill in the 1980s.  
Monks Cafe offers a HUGE variety of brews, a very full bar, a superb & eclectic mediterranean menu which is reasonably priced, and a very hip atmosphere right in the heart of downtown, the art school area, the theater district and essentially all that is happening.  
They dont take reservations but no worries-just stand near the bar and imbibe!  
they have two tables in the front for people watching and a good sized rear room for dining.  best time to go is a week nite.  
this is one of the unsung jewels of philly cuisine.Love this place! The food is good, not fantastic, but good. However the beer is to die for. Come for the beer. The back room has awesome ambience. It can get a little loud at meal times, but we love to come for an afternoon drink and fries. This is a very genuine place, so please don't come with attitude. You'll ruin the vibe.Tiny & dark. Good selection of Belgian and craft beers that are hard to find and the servers are knowledgable about them. Good burger, good mussels, loved the duck salad. The spicy mayo with the frites is excellent.rude rude rude,
we travel a lot and there are so many places in Philadelphia to have a great dinner and beers.  These people could care less about anything and whats more is they care more about causing you problems than they do about making sure you come back.  Since we stepped foot in the door they gave us a hard time...
many places in philly will open the door to you like you are family dont waste your time with people like Tom and his coworkers.   
Go see Frank and Bobbie at Pesce's or le beque fin, or if your in for a nice night Tria on 18th they will make you feel like they actually care if you do your business thereFrom NOLA, in town for a convention.  Picked this place based on Yelp reviews, and there's a reason it gets so much online love, it's definitely well earned.  
We had scallops, salad and the mollusks.  All amazing, and the drinks were strong too.  Great atmosphere that definitely references the namesake.  A fantastic place to grab lunch or dinner!I adore Monk's. I went through a phase where I had to eat there once a week or I would get really crabby.
I'm all about the mussels- I've had almost every kind, and they're all good. I've been there with other folks who have ordered other things, and they've been good too, but I'm pretty loyal to the mussels.
I love the versatility- I've been here with groups of girls, groups of dudes, co-workers, and my parents, and they've all reacted equally well. I love that in a place. 
Finally, it's obviously beer place, but I'm not a big beer drinker- and I love that the bartenders/waiters never mock me for ordering wine or cider.Monks offers a great menu with authentic Belgian food and beers. The bourbon mayo which accompanies the fries is delicious and the mussels are fantastic!AmaZing place! Best mussels I have ever had. Fav dishes: Thai curry mussels and the duck salad. Pair with sour ale,  on pointSo unhappy about the attitude and rudeness of the staff at this place I was really looking forward to try.
I totally understand they had a special event last night, a beer and food pairing with Sierra Nevada Beer.
With that said the hostess asked us if we were their for the food event, we explained no. She explained that we would not be able to stay long maybe have enough time for one or two beers tops.
Understandable with us. No problem.
So we head down to the bar, take a seat. The one female bartender makes eye contact with both of us and then runs off without asking what we would like to drink.
The other bartender sees us, make eye contact and continues to clean up. Runs off for a minute. He continues to cleanup while we are looking over the beer menu.
About 10 minutes pass while we wait for the bartender to attacked our drink order.
He finally goes up to us to tell us that he closed out and will not be taking any more beer orders due to the event.
Real nice of him to not say anything when we first came in. Wait 15 minutes while we sit their like idiots to tell us.
He was pretty snotty about it. So we walked out not very please with this establishment.
I understand they had an event. All the bartender had to do when we sat at the bar was inform us that he was not serving anymore instead of letting us sit their for more then 15 minutes just to tell us we could not order.
Not cool at all.
BAD SERVICE I MUST SAYThis place can get a little crowded but it's worth it! The mussels are cheap and good and the beer list is great.I've been to Monk's several times, and in terms of food, Eulogy edges them out by a bit. My review is mainly based on the food and atmosphere.
Provence mussels: I ordered the small pot which was a decent size for $10. The mussels are cooked well, but their size tend to be on the small side. The flavor of the broth is pretty good - fume, celery, olives, bell peppers, mushrooms, leeks, garlic, parsley & cream. However, I would love if there was more broth for the mussels to bask in and for the bread to soak up. 
Pomme frites: The fries came with the mussels as this is a customary pairing. I prefer Eulogy's thicker fries more than that skinny fries at Monk's, but their bourbon aioli/mayonnaise sauce is delicious! I usually use up my sauce before I finish my fries!
I'm not a beer expert but I think Monk's has a pretty wide selection (pages and pages) of beers to choose from, so you would be hard-pressed to find something you didn't enjoy. Many of their beers are Belgian (of course). 
Monk's is pretty dingy-looking and loud, but this isn't a place that you go to for the atmosphere. You come here for the beer and mussels.Don't understand the hype of Monks Cafe. Service was very poor. Chicken tenders were dry, re-fried, and burnt . The Antwerp burger was neutral- nothing to rave about nor bash about; was able to barely taste the truffle cheese. Wouldn't go back.Cane here for drinks. The beer selection is great! Belgian beers are my favorite. Get the Delirium Tremors beer! Bartender service was slow! Good music. (David Bowie, Portishead and Beirut)My husband and I are big craft beer fans and couldn't wait to come here to get our hands on some Russian River.  We had some of the beer on tap and the Monk's own beer which I enjoyed.  We splurged on 2 bottles of Russian River Supplication. $50 but worth it. Nice atmosphere.  We were there on a Saturday night and were worried we would have a long wait but it wasn't too bad. 30 minutes.   The service was very friendly.  The mussels were good but nothing special.  Definitely a cool place to visitI'm a little fenced by Monk's.  I love it, but then sometimes I'm there and I can't help but think that there's really no reason why I love it.
They have a fantastic selection of beer both on tap and bottled - but it's pretty significantly overpriced.  The mussels can be great, but I've now had three experiences where more than half of my pot was unpleasantly undercooked and/or gritty.  The burger is great, but too decadent for regular indulgence.
It gets NUTSY packed at 6 PM on weekends, and some of the servers seem to get pretty frazzled by it (understandably), which is unfortunate.  It's pretty fun for people watching when packed, but not quite as hilarious as Eulogy.
Overall, it's an experience, and a Philadelphia landmark, but me personally - I'm trying to cut back.Great spot for some quality brews. Wife and I have been wanting to go here for years and finally had the chance, sorry we waited so long. Staff was super friendly on a Sunday night. Bar tender had great recommendations and even offered up some suggestions for local brewpubs to hit. We will definitely be back.Hands down best beer list in Philly.  The Grilled Portobello Sandwich was fantastic, and of course the mussels.  I recommend this place as a beer/lunch/dinner-at-the-bar type place, and not a get-a-table restaurant.  I took an out-of-town friend here for sit-down dinner and the service was pretty lousy, the food mediocre.  Of course, it could have been an off night.lovely, delicious food, well prepared, well presented, and the ennirons are classic pub.  One major compalint-- the place spells of cleaning solution.
really needs an airing outSometimes my random cravings for mussels reminds me of Monks, but each time I visit, I'm slightly underwhelmed. The service is good, but they don't take reservations which make it difficult to guarantee a seat and the waits can get long. 
The ambience has a typical dim pub feel; it's surprisingly large with two bar areas (at the front and back) and it does get kinda loud. 
And, onto the food! They used to have two sizes of mussels (small and large), but now they just have a standard medium for almost $17. It feels somewhat pricey, but the mussels are great and it comes with bread and fries, which makes it good and filling. I've also had the "award-winning" duck salad sandwich, was was delicious but personally, I felt that the duck meat was slightly sparse and the sandwich was a bit small in general. And the burgers were great as well, each for close to $14. All in all, the food was delicious but felt a tad pricey and somewhat messy to eat. 
Not bad for an occasional treat, but be prepared for the price and potential long waits!LOVE LOVE LOVE! This is my absolute favorite place in the city. If possible i would eat here for breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday! The Monks Sour Ale is amazing and unique, if you want to try a different beer  - than you must try this house specialty! It is actually made by real Monks especially for this bar (or so they say).  They also have an enormous selection of other great beers.  
Food - their food is fantastic.  I have never had anything here that I wasn't fond of, but their Mussels are my favorite.  They are to die for!  They have a variety of different broths for the Mussels and they come with their delicious fries and dipping sauce for the fries along with an assortment of bread to dip in the Mussel broth. If you are a fan of Mussels you must stop in to Monk's Cafe. They never disappoint!
I honestly cant say enough about this place, did i mention its my favorite?My husband and his friends love this place. Its an older pub, the bathrooms are kind of gross. The food is ok. I wouldn't choose to go here unless my friends were already there.The mussles here are so good that the initial shock is like getting hit by a Septa bus! ehhhh anyway...
I finally had the opportunity to give Monks a try. I was impressed and disappointed at the same time. Yes, I tried the mussles and yes... they were delicious. The beer is top notch and compliments the food very well. Everything was prepared nearly perfectly. The wait staff was polite and helpful with the menu. It was just soooooo crowded! It got very loud and it became hard to enjoy with people bumping into everything.
I'd recommend going to Monk's when its not so busy or just ordering drinks when its crowded.You can NEVER go wrong with beer here. Every beer I tried is amazing (except for IPAs, which I simply hate). I had Kasteel Barista Chocolate Quad, which was amazing! Very strong toffee taste and smell, and the chocolate is almost like "melting" on your tongue -- it was incredibly thick and malty. De Molen Cease & Desist and Hill Farmstead Everett were great, too. Thai curry mussels were amazing -- such a HUGE serving, very filling, and a bit spicy. Awesome fries (very salty, yum), and good pulled pork sandwich.
Service was great. Place is always full of beer snobs :) It's a bit hipster too.When people complain about Monk's, my heart does a sad, little flip- flop in my chest. Where is everyone going that's better than Monk's? Seriously. I want to know. 
Monk's has an unparalleled beer selection, 'crack in a basket' fries (frites) with delicious dipping sauce, casual ambiance, superior music and competent waitstaff/bartenders. Not to mention that  patrons can roll in at 1pm on a sunny day and never experience even the slightest twinge of regret - much like being in a cool, comforting cave that serves beer and wants to feed you fancyish, fried things covered in mayo. Doesn't get much better than that as far as I'm concerned. The steak frites salad is divine. Not a fan of mussels generally but met an out of towner chef (at Monk's actually) who was in for a conference and had come to the restaurant specifically to sample the famous fare.
What really makes this one of the best resty's in the city is that it maintains the most crucial elements of Philadelphia itself: crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside. You may have to work a little harder to get past the grit but once you do, it's more than worth it.