This place was super cute and the service so was nice. We ordered the Eggs Benedict and the smoked salmon bagel for our entree and they were both really good. It also comes with a side of salad and a yogurt cup. Although the price is a little high, for all the food you get it's definitely worth it. I'd highly recommend this place and I can't wait to come back!New opening brunch place in Chinatown just around the corner of 11th street with clear open windows. Tried on the day of soft opening, tried couple items and love them so much !!! Will come back with friends and families. The clam soup was hot and super good, with potatoes and celeries. The tiramisu was just the best I have tried so far, with real dark chocolate on top, soft and not over sweet. The 2 platter I tried with my brother are avocado toast and shrimp quesadilla. If you like porched eggs definitely tried it with a brunch meal, round and with golden yolk flowing out when you cut it. The shrimp quesadilla was little spicy but just at the perfect taste. First time wanting to try a brunch in my life and turns to be perfect. All the food comes with beautiful decorations but I cant wait to eat it so I do not have good photos. The person behind the counter who make all the coffee and cakes was good-looking :) Amazing experience at more sugar, recommend more people to stop by to eat and take good pictures~This place has great food and service! 
The food i ate:
The tofu cheesecake is FINE, like you wouldnt expect tofu flavored cheesecake to taste this good. I didnt even expect it to taste like cheesecake nor did i expect the bouncy quality of the cake. It was BOUNCY and JIGGLY, like WHAT?!? Ikr.
The lamb leg or the Rack of Lamb, was hecka good, especially the black rice (the healthy type of rice lol). As a meat expert, my dad can instantly tell it was fresh meat, not frozen lamb. I dont know about you but im no meat expert so i cant tell you what to eat.
The udon noodles, or The Seafood Udon was OML, as a noodle lover myself, that is some quality taste. The taste just blends itself all together. It was amazing, this is one i 100% recommend. 
The clams, if you love seafood, you will see that the eccentric sauce completely attacks your taste buds and makes you crave a second one. The clams are also nice and chewy which is why i like clams.
The place and service:
Great service, there is not much people there which works great for me, considering what solace i can enjoy either by myself or with a few friends, jamming out to the soothing and sometimes, joyous music. You have no idea what eating a cheesecake, taking time away from humanity can do for you. 
Fancy place, too but anyone is welcome. For 15 bucks or less, you get to pretend you are a rich person eating some fancy food.
At first glance it may look like a dessert/sweets cafe but it also serves brunch and all the delicious food that you couldnt find at your local restaurant. The place is really clean and can probably calm your anxiety disorders. Lol. You can come here on a date, with friends or partner and i know you will really enjoy here.Great dinner, desert, coffee and tea.  We stoped here three times and love it.  Great staff tooA dessert/brunch Cafe is CASH ONLY! It was my first time visiting but decidedly ruined my weekend that I have to get cash from the overpriced ATM inside the Cafe. Alright, it's not only dim sum or noodle restaurants cash only, a modern brunch Cafe is also cash only in Chinatown. You know what, it's more expensive than many other brunch restaurants or Cafe which accept credit card.Delicious food at great price. I love the ambience. Definitely one of a kind in Chinatown. Clean quiet with great taste. Good for breakfast lunch or dinner. Even a mid afternoon coffee and dessert. Highly recommended.Came here today with my husband after seeing them open lately. And Wow ! it was better than we expected !! the big breakfast dish with a side of their homemade fruit yogurt and everything I had today was delicious. The staff are nice and welcoming service. So after we had a stir fried udon and egg benedict, we were about to order a slice of cake after the meal BUT then they serve us the cake just like they read my mind. They gave us a slice of carrot and coconut cream cake for free as an apology for slow serving our dishes. 
We hope they have more choice of dishes and drinks coming in the future. This is such a cosy brunch place in the Philly Chinatown
Would definitely recommend and return!Looks good. Tastes good without being excessively sweet. Got the carrot cake and red velvet cake roll.This new Chinatown restaurant is truly a gem. The decoration is comfy retro, they play great music and the service is sweet and attentive.
The food is amazing!! We ordered the seafood udon, steak and seared tuna. We also tried the fried chicken wings and the  seaweed  salad. Each dish was beautifully presented, full of flavor and unexpectedly  generous. When we arrived it was early and the restaurant was quiet-they brought us delicious mushroom soup on the house. When it was time for dessert, we just couldn't decide-the staff helped as she  had made all these remarkable desserts-the tiramisu  and creme brûlée were as tasty as were beautiful.I went in with my friends and tried their cake on my first visit, absolutely LOVE the tofu cheese cake. I tried their grilled quail on my second visit and it was absolutely delicious. The server was very considerate and prepared gloves and knives for me to eat the quail. Another thing that I have tried was the black cod, the rice was cooked well and the fish tasted amazing with light seasoning. Also if you like soups, their soup of the day would be something great to try. I had this seafood soup and its creamy taste was also very pleasant. The servers were also very attentive and friendly with big smiles on their face. The environment was great with nice and calm music that aren't too loud. My overall experience with this place was fantastic and will definitely visit again soon.Amazing place! Seems to be a hidden gem. The outside says "brunch and dessert" so we thought it was more of a cafe so we were super surprised to find out that they have an amazing entree menu! One thing was really better than the next. We ordered the black cod and lamb which were both incredible (I especially recommend the cod!) 
Service was also great! Definitely consider eating here if you're looking for a quality meal with great prices & service!!Place just opened and had to stop in when I walked passed it. Had a great brunch with great service and food with such attention to detail. Friendly staff and great food and their coffee is bitter just the way I like. Come for a relaxing brunch before starting your day.It's my first time here, I ordered coffee & Shrimp quesadillas... i was good tasted & beautiful... salad more flavored with variety of vegetables... services & decoration was nice... i'll come backFirst time here yesterday, cute decoration, hot latte is good, starters with small yogurt that I love it, delicious food and super fresh salad with super yummy ginger dressing and good serviceI absolutely adored this little place, the food was amazing, the aesthetics were on point and the service was too nice!! I love the interior design and the chill vibe as well! It was something unlike I have seen anywhere else in chinatown! This truly will become my regular go to~ my friends and i ordered the seafood udon, grill quail and shrimp quesadillas. Definitely the udon is a must order!! The portion was also very decent and the visuals and the care and details put into each dish for the price is so worth it in my opinion! Also a must try is the "I hate strawberry mojito!" It was so bomb, please just go and visit guys you wont regret it!! I mentioned this above but the service was top notch; they were all attentive and came to refill our water before it was even halfway down! You also get a free tote if you spend over $50!
One thing to note is it is all cash only, but there is an atm machine available.Had the hamburger. It was delicious. Great interior design and the server was amazing. She checked up on us ever so offend to make sure everything was fine. Can't wait to come back to try the other entrees!We had a very enjoyable lunch today at More Sugar. We ordered the hamburger and lamb sliders. They were very tasty and filling. Service was friendly and welcoming. The decor was pleasant. We will return. This place is a gem!This is an amazingly aesthetically pleasing place. The front is boarded up for now, but the side view is still open. The staff were friendly and attentive.
You can't go wrong with their drinks and the food is amazing. My friend and I got the Shrimp Quesadilla and Chicken Spaghetti in black pepper mushroom sauce.
The shrimp quesadilla was well seasoned and balanced. You really didn't even need anything else to go with it. The only thing I wish it had was more of a kick to it.
The chicken spaghetti was amazing. I had doubts in the beginning but they really brought out the best of those ingredients. The chicken was soft and juicy. The noodles were cooked perfectly. The sauce itself was amazingly spiced, savory, and fragrant. 
The desserts were pretty good too. The burnt durian cheesecake was very smooth and melted in your mouth like a cloud. It's a hard flavor to describe since it's durian, but it was amazing.
The fall in chestnut was alright. The components seemed to not fit as well together. The creme was delicious and a little heavy.. The layers of chocolate sponge seems to throw it off for me. The sponge was dense and not as moist. It seemed to clash with the creme, but overall wasn't too terrible.
All in all this is a great spot to have an outing with friends and a perfect spot for a date. It might seem like a dessert place, but the food is amazing and well priced. The desserts are on the more expensive side, but they have some unique and delicious gems in there. All in all an amazing place to dine at and well worth the experience.New store, nice place, cozy music, friendly staff, and most importantly great food. The rack of lamb  surprised me and tiramisu is not that sweet which is a good thing. I will definitely come backWe went by this place several times and finally decided to give it a try. The atmosphere of the place is great, the interior decoration gives it a very clean aesthetic feel. The customer service was great, they came to our table several times asking if everything's ok. I love the amount of effort and details they put into everything. The water they brought us were infused with fruits such as strawberries, blueberries, lemon, and mints. We ordered the seafood udon, rack of lamb, and a strawberry mojito. They even gave us clam chowder on the house. It was really creamy and the flavors were great. The seafood udon was good and the seafoods were fresh, and I liked the clams because they have a very clean taste with no sands in it unlike some other places. The rack of lamb was really good as well. I liked the blueberry red wine sauce that complimented everything. I don't normally eat lamb but it was really good. The strawberry mojito was really refreshing as well. I liked that it wasn't too sweet and the flavors of the fresh strawberries, mints, and lime were well balanced, overall it was really refreshing. For dessert, we got the tofu cheesecake and canelé. We wanted to try the tofu cheesecake because it sounded exotic, which to my surprise was reallyyyy good. It's a must try! It had a really refreshing taste that wasn't too heavy like a normal cheesecake, and it was all jiggly. And when the taste was too overpowering, the raspberry gave a tart taste to help with that. The canelé was good but it was a bit sweet for my own liking, and it was harder than I expected. The place is cash only but they do have an atm inside if you need it. Would definitely come back!Loved the vibe of the cafe. It was meticulously clean. The sweet potato cake and hot tea were so good and nicely presented. Music was great and service was superb. Kind of pricey but totally worth it. I'll be going again.This is a great brunch spot with a cute seating area. The menu is a mix of asian fusion with italian inspiration. I was excited to give this place a try. They have a dessert menu but not a as a wide selection.
I tried the seafood spaghetti pasta and the chicken and waffles. The spaghetti had a variety of seafood prepared really well. I was not a fan of the type of waffle they used for the chicken and waffles. The waffle was made with more soft wheat and did not have a crunchy outside texture. I think it soaks up too much of the sauce and lacks flavor. But I do really like the style of this spot and excited to come back and try something new. They also have salads for something lighter and other menu options too!
Look forward to it!I always walk pass but never tried until my friend recommended us here for brunch. The food was sooo good and fresh! The food took a bit longer to come out but the outcome was worth. Since it was our first time, we asked a bunch of questions and the server was so nice and sweet.New store, nice place, cozy music, friendly staff, and most importantly great food. The rack of lamb  surprised me and tiramisu is not that sweet which is a good thing. I will definitely come back!I was highly satisfied with everything I ordered! They use chicken thigh for the chicken waffle and the flavor is more like Taiwanese style. The black cod is really good, too! It came with purple rice and some vegetables. One thing that makes this place unique is that there is no other Chinese restaurant making brunch like this and it's also very different from American brunch. I would recommend people to try it out. You will be surprised!This place is so cute and aesthetically pleasing. The food is also amazing and our waitress was so sweet. The music is calming. Just the atmosphere was great. I'm sick so I just chose a new place to try out with my boyfriend and we walked in and they gave us clam chowder on the house and it was perfect for my throat. It's like they just knew. 10/10. If I could give more stars I would
Update : We came back the same day. We just can't get enough. The food is just too good to be true ! The service is amazing and they're so nice. I'm definitely coming back every time im in Chinatown which is all the time and recommending this place to all my friendsImpeccable service and pleasant desserts. I came to specifically try the tofu cheesecake and durian basque cheesecake. I thought the durian was very well done because it felt naturally incorporated into the creaminess, and it was something I've never considered before. The tofu cheesecake wasn't to my taste but it well-executed. 
The staff here were so kind!!Honestly wowed by this place and the assortment of dishes they bring to the table! High quality in nature with interesting blends of flavor, this locally owned restaurant definitely is a niche with a unique and creative style. I personally had the hamburger and I loved the sweet accents to the savory patty. It made the burger very palatable and light and refreshing. I felt particularly healthy as they provide a salad with similar sweet tones to balance out the carbs and meat. The presentation itself was very cute and all the dishes came in such a neat package. I saw some of my other friends dishes and I can for sure say that I'll be coming back soon for another run of their Asian fusion foods!Hidden Gem in chinatown.
Cod is divine. Sliders are excellent. Salad is flavorful.
This is a Philly favorite.This restaurant is a little hidden gem. The atmosphere is amazing and if you're into aesthetic places, this would be it. In term of food, I must say it's deserves more than 5 stars. I ordered grilled quails, shrimp quesadilla,  seafood udon, and they all taste delicious.  The drinks are good too. I ordered "I hate strawberry mojito" and machiato,  both tastes so good. 
For service, the server is super attentive. She came to my table a couple of times to check in with me and my friends. This is something that other restaurants in Chinatown fail to do. Also, if you spend more than $50, you get a cute tote. Will definitely come back again to try more food  
Must I say more? Just come to check it yourself!Hidden gem!! Beautifully plated meals with amazing flavors and good quality ingredients. I loved the attention to detail. Also, very clean interior.
The Grill Salmon was excellent. My friend liked her Avocado Salad. The Double Fromage Cheesecake was pretty good! And I LOVED the Long Jin green tea; super light and loved the flavor. Honestly had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed every part of my meal.
They don't wait the tables in a traditional way, but staff were super kind and there if we needed anything.This all day brunch spot has some wonderful dinner entrees too. We visited after a day at the Philly home show and our dinners were fantastic. Large portions with the chef paying great attention to the way different flavors come together. A bright clean dining space and excellent service. We're looking foreword to coming back soon!I had a very nice experience visiting this cafe for the first time. Staffs were very friendly and helpful. The cakes were amazing. Highly recommend creme brûlée and Chicken Waffle!Their seafood spaghetti had much more than I thought they would have. It had a good five pieces of shrimp and clams. The sauce was just perfect - creamy but not too much. All in all, I would try them again.A magical morning in which I woke up with a plan to get brunch, the thought of the same-old, same-old American breakfast made me nauseous. But my brain had the miracle of remembering this quaint little place in Chinatown that I had scoped out weeks before: More Sugar.
Taking the SEPTA trip, I did not regret anything. In fact, it was the best decision I made for the week. This beautifully designed restaurant deserves way more attention. The Asian theme took me back to my brief vacation in Japan, where I sat at many cafes and restaurants trying the most amazing treats Asia could offer.
Thankfully, this place did the same.
The  Chicken and Waffles. That's all you need. The unique syrup lathered across the batter fried chicken created a dreamscape of tenderness and sweetness. The waffle, crisp and perfectly powerful enough to eat on its own, partnered with the rest of the meal to put my mind into ecstasy.
The salmon bagel was well prepared but could not live up the hype of my chicken and waffles. It was a perfect heavy meal to get the day going, but I would 100% go for the chicken and waffle delight over the salmon bagels.
To those looking for something away from your basic eggs and Omelettes, this is MUST go to, because really, all I wanted was moreI've been wanting to try this place, but every time I  go by, it looks so empty or closed. I'm glad I finally tried it today. I got the avocado toast, seafood udon, burnt durian cheesecake and iced coffee with sea salt foam. Everything was cooked perfectly especially the seafood udon, the noodles and seafood had the chewy texture that I like. Flavor was great too, it was a teriyaki sauce which I loved but I sorta want to try it with a creamy sauce too. Even the salad and avocado toast were flavorful and delicious. Most avocado toasts I've tasted are sorta bland, but this has somewhat of savory and sweet taste from the toast. Burnt durian cheesecake was tasty also, not too sweet and just enough durian flavor. I love the cute aesthetic. Most importantly, the staff was very attentive and friendly. They even accommodated when I asked for slices of avocado on the side to feed my baby. Definitely will be going back to try the rest of the items. Please check this little gem out! It's always so empty when I go pass, so I'm hoping they stay in business!I usually consider brunch places and high-end Asian bakeries to be overpriced and not worth it; for a restaurant that seemed to be both, I was actually quite impressed! I made the basic move of getting avocado toast for my meal, which came with poached eggs and some REALLY good candied bacon that made it surprisingly filling. The dish also came with a salad with some tasty dressing, which certainly made me feel healthy, but I kind of missed the classic breakfast potatoes. 
My friend and I didn't have much room after our meals, but we shared a Taro Cream Box for dessert, a cup of alternating layers of mashed taro, cream, and sponge cake. It wasn't too indulgent with real taro rather than the neon-purple stuff in boba shops, and it was the perfect light finisher to our meal, if a little pricey. 
No complaints about service, and I liked that we were provided our own water pitcher to use as we like (no ice though, as Asians prefer it but maybe not summertime customers). Really clean and minimalistic aesthetic that makes for great food pictures. This is a great spot for a date or for an Instagram-able meal/dessert with friends!Very cute resturant. Food is amazing and atmosphere is great. The crew is also very nice.Best place for brunch! 
 It's my first time here at More Sugar and  I'm already impressed by the taste! I've ordered the avocado toast which I'm very satisfied! Fresh and quality food with reasonable price. Definitely come back next time!There is so much to love about More Sugar! To start, we had excellent service. This is quite possibly one of the prettiest restaurants and so cozy. I was obsessed with the decor!
We went here for brunch and had a little bit of everything. For starters, they gave us complimentary Pumpkin Soup which was rich and creamy. I would absolutely order this if they had it on the menu.  My fiance ordered the Eggs Benedict and loved it. He did say he wished there was a little bit more sauce.  I had the Avocado toast and it's arguably one of the best I've had. It's a large piece of toast and they definitely don't skimp on the avo considering they give you extra slices on the side. The salad that came with both dishes was super fresh and I loved the ginger dressing. The eggs were so perfectly poached! More Sugar poached their eggs about as good as some of the top restaurants in Philly.
We had to have a dessert because they looked so delicious on display in the case. We opted for the Sesame Crème Brûlée since I've never seen a sesame version of it. Let me tell you...this is one of my favorite desserts I've ever had and would go back here for this alone.
Just a warning this is cash only but they have an ATM on site!Finally found a place near me that has this kind of desserts! So happy and ordered through a pickup app. When I got there, my order was just done.
Tried all of them when I got home. The pork floss cake is the best, very soft cake with crunch pork floss and seaweed. The two boxes were just okay. I prefer the oy milk box, very light flavor. Although I personally love taro, but the tarp box was too sweet. Actually both boxes were too sweet. I figured later that their cream was too sweet, that made everything taste nothing but sweet...Such a cute spot with yummy food! We got the grilled salmon, hamburger (it has pineapple on it), shrimp avocado salad, tofu cheesecake, crème brûlée, and a pot of xi hu long jin tea. Everything was flavorful and portioned nicely! The staff were attentive and friendly. Absolutely recommend checking More Sugar out!More Sugar is the perfect spot for a cute brunch date! Coming here on a Sunday afternoon, I was shocked to see how empty the place was. The interior was beautiful, clean, and inviting. I love the marble detail, and how amazing the lighting looked. 
The service is absolutely fantastic. Two ladies attended to us, and both were so professional and sweet. We ordered the Seafood Udon ($16) and the Shrimp Quesadilla ($13). I really wish I read into what was in the dishes, as I regretted the Shrimp Quesadilla as soon as I saw bell peppers and nuts in it. The sauce inside the quesadilla was not our thing, although the salad with the dressing was pretty good. 
The Seafood Udon lived up to its popularity. The udon was A+ and the udon I always looked for: bouncy, chewy, and soft. All of the flavors of the seafood and other veggies soaked into the noodles, making the whole dish so flavorful. Not to mention, this dish was saucy! They don't skimp on the seafood. 10/10 recommend you get this dish.
Everything looked so pretty, from the inside to the presentation of the food. You can make multiple visits here with the amount of options they have on their menu. Go here for brunch, you won't regret it!I didn't have high expectation when I got there. Maybe that's why it blew my mind. Highly recommend to give it a try. Great western food with twists. Shrimp quesadilla and chicken spaghetti were delicious. Also the cheesecakes were on point.At first I thought a brunch place in Chinatown would not be good - I mean it's Chinatown, we come here for authentic Asian food. So glad I decided to give it a try. I've been here twice, and I always find myself eager to try many dishes - everything sounds really cool and interesting! I commend the owner/chef for being bold and offering unique items. From entrees to desserts and drinks, I don't think we have another casual, cute Asian Fusion cafe/restaurant in Philly like More Sugar. I tried 3 pasta dishes so far and I liked all of them. The Strawberry Latte looked cuter than it tasted, but that's just because the strawberry jam sunk to the bottom and didn't mix well. But I loved the presentation. Takoyaki was nice and crispy on the outside, different from others I've had before. I love the pastas. The Seafood Squid Ink pasta was great, it has an Asian twist on a familiar Italian dish. Same with the Shrimp Spaghetti with Minced Pork and Shrimp and Bacon Carbonara - Asian fusion pastas just has their unique flavor so it's hard to compare. But I love it. Pricing is reasonable too. Portions are great. I always want to try the desserts but I'm always too full. It reminds me of western style restaurants in Asia where I've visited so it makes me nostalgic. I like the interior - not too casual but also not too fancy, just trendy and cute enough for a nice date. Quite romantic. They play Korean indie music and I also love that! This place is cash only so be prepared, but staff are always friendly, warm and inviting. This might not be for everyone but it's a hidden gem to me. I can't wait to keep coming back to try other dishes - the desserts and 19oz Tomahawk Steak for $32 is on my list! And Seafood Udon, and other Asian fusion pastas!Decor/service: 
Service was friendly and mostly attentive. Clean and simple decor. They were only taking cash at the time which was a downfall
Food: they serve a small brunch menu all day long which is obviously the go to. the eggs Benedict was very good and deff one of the better I have tried. The big breakfast sampler is just that BIG. Lots of food but not all of it seemed to flow together into a cohesive meal. It's worth a try but not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here.This new restaurant recently opened up on the corner of 11th street in Chinatown. We stopped by because the decor was just so cute! The plating lived up to the standards of the decor. I'm impressed.
One doesn't generally associate Chinatown with an elegant brunch place, but More Sugar managed to make it happen. Im very impressed with how healthy and delicious their Breakfast Sampler was. The salad was delicious because of the beets and ginger dressing. The bacon and scrapple needs to be fried crispier for this to taste better. 
We each got a soup of the day (Clam Chowder) and absolute loved it! My favorite clam chowder in CT. 
I had the seafood udon noodles and I loved the flavoring! The seafood was fresh. The clams were grilled perfectly. The fresh calamari in the noodle gave it a delightful crunch. The sauce was a perfect amount of savory and sweet. I highly recommend this dish! P.S it comes with bean sprouts, bell peppers, onions, carrots and black mushrooms in case you're a picky eater. 
If you come here let me know what you like so I can try it too.
I wanted to try the desserts badly but I was too full from our meal. I'll come back to order from the dessert menu next time!High quality food at a very reasonable price. We tried the seafood udon, chicken waffle, latte, and taro cream box, all of which were delicious and presented very nicely. The decor gives a warm and cozy vibe, similar to cafes I've seen in NYC. The staff are incredibly friendly and attentive. Overall, highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great new neighborhood spot.So damn good!  I had the salmon for a late lunch. There was an egg with it which seemed odd but worked so well. Staff was super friendly.This place is truly a gem in Chinatown. If you are looking to take a break from the traditional Chinese food, please checkout More Sugar. Most of their dish sounds seamingly normal on the menu, but they have a slight Asian twist which makes it all interesting. For example, chicken and waffles, it is more of a katsu over waffle which some sauce that goes well together. You can tell in their plating and ingredients, they have a chef that always tries his or her best in all their dishes. 
The avocado toast was huge in portion and loved how they have 2 avocado toasts with 2 poached eggs, salad, and bacons. It was a solid brunch meal. Don't know if you can find anything else for the large portion for the price.
They have the sweetest and most accommodating staff.  Always a pleasure to be serve by them. But as it is a smaller restaurant, during busy times, food may take a bit longer. Just heads up. 
They also have an awesome taste in korean indie music. For that they get a extra +0.5.
4.5/5 for me!
Ps. They are cash only at time of this review.Food and Drink Ordered:
* worth trying
- [Creme Brulee*]: Tastes like your standard creme brulee. The ratio of caramelized sugar to custard is good. I don't like when there's barely any caramelized sugar. 
- [Charcoal Cake Roll]: On paper it seemed really interesting to try but it tastes like a drier version of a vanilla/original cake roll. I'm not sure if they have this dessert anymore. 
- [Tofu Cheesecake]: This isn't like your typical cheesecake; it's very bouncy and jiggly. Unfortunately, the cheesecake wasn't to my taste. I can't quite pinpoint why. Perhaps it was the distinct yogurt-y flavor. But my friend, who I gave the rest to, liked the taste of it. 
Would I go back? : I'd be interested in going back. I've already been to More Sugar twice and both times I've tried to order their sesame creme brulee. However, both times it was sold out. D: So if they still have the dessert, I'm hoping third time's the charm. Also, I'm interested in trying the brunch because other reviewers speak very highly of it.Outstanding service and a very unique menu!
The Seafood Udon was absolutely amazing here! I would definitely come back for that. The Takoyki  balls (octopus) were also really delicious. The bright vibes of this place is also a welcome addition to the neighborhood.I absolutely love More Sugar and will 100% be back! This may be one of my new top favorite brunch places in the city, and I think a really unique cafe in Chinatown.
First off, it has my favorite kind of cafe ambiance - the inside is just absolutely adorable, and we were seated by the window on plush cushioned chairs with curtains and pretty flowers. The service was amazing, and our waitress was super helpful when we had questions.  Despite the name seeming like there is nothing but dessert here, they actually serve all day brunch from traditional lite fare to more heavier plates.  They have a nice menu selection as well as teas and coffees - there's definitely something here for everyone. We got the heavier side of the brunch menu, and ordered their chicken and waffles and seafood udon. Before our food came out, they also gave us a cup of pumpkin soup on the house and I wish I had gotten a full bowl honestly, it was perfect and warmed me right up.
The seafood udon had a light teriyaki-esque sauce, with the seafood cooked overall pretty well. I will say I think the clam could have been cooked much softer, but it was still juicy and flavorful. The udon noodles were great, and the portion was huge. The chicken and waffles was my absolute favorite - there was a nice citrus taste to the sauce they put on the waffle and the sauce they drizzled on the chicken was similar to what you would have over takoyaki. The combination of sweet and savory was perfect, and the chicken (cooked like torikatsu) was so crunchy and tender. It's going to be hard not to get this every single time I want to come back here! 
For dessert we got the sesame creme brulee (absolutely incredible!! Nutty and not too sweet, with a perfect caramelized crust) and the tofu cheesecake which was recommended as a staff and customer favorite. It's got the taste of a light cheesecake without the heavy texture, which I love - sometimes I don't like just how dense cheesecake can be, but this felt airy and fluffy and it was to die for.
We also split a pot of their green tea (longjin tea) and my partner had an espresso, and we enjoyed both immensely. Our server kept pouring hot water into our teapot which was much appreciated. The dishes are just too adorable as well, and our brunch experience was just so lovely.
Just as a heads up, this place is cash only!! There is an ATM right in the restaurant though. It's so worth it, and everything is reasonably priced and very sharable. I will for sure be bringing friends here. The seating on the inside is pretty plentiful, and when we arrived on Saturday afternoon it wasn't crowded at all, but I can see this place getting (hopefully) popular!What a shameful, misleading review. I should have been suspicious when all the pictures are nicely edited, and the reviews are all 4 to 5 stars only. No doubt they were all left by associates of the owner to promote this less than a year old restaurant.
Went there Saturday for brunch. Had to wait 10 minutes just to get the menu.  The place wasn't that busy.  Only 4 other tables were taken. 
One table had one of the workers having his breakfast. The menu was white papers on a clipboard. Some items were handwritten on the menu. Definitely not things you expect from seemingly fancy, upscale restaurant.
After we placed our order while waiting for our food, the guy sat diagonally from us returned his entire meal.  We could hear him saying something about it he couldn't eat at all. 
30 minutes later, still no food. We only ordered 2 items which shouldn't take that long. And most tables have gotten their food. My bf and I decided to leave. Luckily we are at Chinatown where there are great options for us. Avoid this place!Wow. Such a nice surprise. Beautiful decor. Food taste and PRESENTATION exceptional. Family run. Hidden treasureWe came here last minute for New Year's Day brunch. As other people have mentioned, this restaurant definitely has a different vibe from other establishments in Philly Chinatown. The interior is cozy, and we enjoyed our food (the pasta moreso than the quesadilla). Portions were more than enough, and I'm removing one star just because it took a while for our food to come out. I hope this business continues to be successful and would recommend it as an alternative to dim sum if you are looking for a brunch spot in the area!A surprisingly pleasant visit! The interior decor is cute and modern. The food is good, but the squid ink pasta is very different compared to a typical squid ink pasta. The ink sauce was a bit overwhelming. The dessert was good. I especially loved the consistency of the burn cheesecake. I only wish that there was a original flavor instead of durian. The tiramisu did seem a tad watery and was missing that expresso flavor. But otherwise, the experience was generally good. The employees were attentive and kind, which ties the experience. I look forward to coming back.I'm a little bit mad that I didn't find this place sooner! Ugh, so good. The price point is more than  fair and the place is unassuming. The food really slaps though. I got the black squid ink spaghetti and cod. I can't wait to go back.Let's be honest, you probably don't think of Chinatown when you think of Brunch.  More Sugar might have you adjusting your thinking.
A small and quiet spot on the corner of Chinatown, the first thing I noticed about More Sugar was all the natural light in the restaurant.  Then my eyes went straight to the dessert case!  What I found out after brunch was I'd need to make a return trip for dessert as the portions were huge.
We started with Prosciutto salad and then each had an entree.  We could have probably just had an entree each, as the salad was big enough to serve as a meal itself.  Besides noting the large portion, the quality was amazing as well. Fresh everything, including plenty of avocado, with a delightful ginger dressing.
As for the entrees, I had the avocado toast (which came with a small salad as well).  One giant piece of toast, loaded with smashed avocado and a poached egg.  On the other side of the table, another huge portioned dish, Seared Tuna, arrived and gave me immediate food envy. The veggies with the tuna were amazing.  Both dishes were "picture perfect". As such, I couldn't help playing with my phone settings to get a few different shots.
The take away:  Large portioned, delicious meals with a solid brunch menu. Save room for dessert or plan a return trip!I love me some asian pasta!! Also really appreciate how this place has great (nonalcoholic) drinks AND good food AND desserts. 
We got:
- oolong tea pot 10/10: plus a refill was perfect for the two of us for the whole meal
- pepper beef spaghetti 9/10: its a taaaaad sweet but the beef is super tender and i still really enjoyed it
- lamb sliders 7/10: the buns were plain and i feel like the ingredients didnt mesh together super well
- salty egg pork cake 8/10: super bouncy and really moist. Definitely not sweet so wouldnt recommend if youre looking for a traditional dessertA great place to have brunch and dessert. I like the Combination of East and West favors.Let me start off by saying how cute this little cafe is! I absolutely love the decor and the cozy seating. The setting is bright and airy. Although you may think that they only have dessert here because of the name, they also offer a full dinner menu! I personally came here after a dinner, so I was ready to eat all the desserts they had. I came here with a friend and we ordered desserts to share which included their red velvet cake, creme puffs, cheesecake, creme brulee, and tiramisu. My favorite dessert was the creme brulee - which I'm super picky about! They nailed this one. 
In addition to ordering many desserts, we ordered tea and a cappuccino. The tea comes in a large pot, so enough to go around for everyone. The cappuccino was the perfect touch to go along with the dessert!
The service here was excellent. The staff was quick, knowledgeable and super friendly! I had a hard time deciding which desserts to get, so our waitress made some great recommendations. Can't wait to come back again soon!New store, nice place, cozy music, friendly staff, and most importantly great food. The rack of lamb  surprised me and tiramisu is not that sweet which is a good thing. I will definitely come backDo not be fooled by its location in Chinatown - this place is a hidden GEM. Like no kidding, it almost makes me feel embarrassed for other American brunch spots because this place does it so much better.
You can tell the owner really tries to put their own creative twist on classic American/western dishes and it just comes out flawless. The potatoes are well seasoned and cooked perfectly - unlike other non-Asian brunch places where they always come out burnt. Ginger dressing with the salad was refreshing and on point. The T-bone steak was dare I say bussin. They also use real taro in their drinks - not powder. Say whaat? 
I've came here on multiple occasions and have never had a bad dish. It's become one of my favorite spots in Chinatown. And it's not just for brunch - they feature dinner and dessert items as well.More Sugar is a cute new addition to Chinatown, tucked away on the corner of 11th and Cherry.  Although their sign says "Brunch & Dessert", they also offer a full dinner menu, which is what my friend and I had. 
For our entrees, we ordered the rack of lamb and seared tuna bowl (spoiler: it comes on a plate lol). The lamb was decently tender and flavorful, but the star of the night was the tuna bowl -- I could eat plain rice with their house special sauce and die in peace. 
For dessert, we ordered the sesame creme brulee and tiramisu. I absolutley loved the nutty addition of black sesame to the creme brulee, but it had an unexpectedly thick consistency. The tiramisu also fell a little flat with the thick layer of cocoa powder leaving us in caughing fits. 
Overall, I'd describe More Sugar as the new kid on the block, still figuring its identity. It currently offers a little bit of everything to please everyone, but if they narrowed their focus, perfected their craft, and just ran with it, I believe they could easily become a community favorite. 
I will definitely be back to try their brunch (so rare in Chinatown!) and can't wait to see how this promising little business develops.