I won't take up everyone's time with yet another lengthy review. We were here for my birthday. We got the $80 omakase. We're still talking about the meal (particularly the scallop!) two weeks later. I think that about sums it up.OK, well, let me start out by saying that I don't really eat a lot of seafood, so I got the  Wagy steak with fried egg, shaved truffles, and fries fried in duck fat with a truffle sauce, and it was VERY good. However, not sure if it was $60 good for 6 oz. I'm pretty sure that you can get a much larger portion of great steak elsewhere for less than that (like Barklay prime). That being said, the decor was beautiful, and love the second floor bar and how that just melds into the decor and design of the restaurant.
Also, I went with a bunch of people who DID eat seafood, and said that the sushi was AMAZING and definitely worth it. One person in our party also got the tasting menu with the drink tasting menu with it, and it looked like fun if you're a seafood lover. 
The service was great and the ambiance was amazing, and I would say definitely worth it for seafood lovers.Morimoto definitely live up to the hype!  
We went here in 2003 and we recently went back.
Omakase is definitely special when chef Morimoto is in the house! 
Food is very decadent.  Three words, Oyster Foie Gras Uni.  Opps! I meant four.  You get the idea!Came here for hubby's birthday because he has an Iron Chef crush on Morimoto, even though chances were admittedly slim that there'd be a sighting.
Eating here is not just about the food, it's about the experience. Every dish was delicious and beautiful, and the atmosphere pulls it all together. My one big complaint about the decor is the big glowing phalice in the middle of the table... made arranging dishes on the table precarious and the celebratory birthday photo of us at the table took an unintended turn for the risque ;)
The tuna pizza was so good; I'm not usually big on the raw fish and almost stole some of hubby's slices after finishing my own. My curiosity to see tofu made table-side made me order the yosedofu; it was cool, very silky, not the most flavorful but good. He got the chef's selection sushi platter which was so much food. I got the ishi yaki buri bop; came in a beautiful presentation that involved more table-side prep, was ridiculously delicious, and still yummy the next day when I finished off the leftovers. 
The black sesame moussecake was again ordered partly out of curiosity, and was very good. They even had a candle on the plate for hubs to blow out =)
All in all an awesome meal. Portions were pretty huge, everything was tasty, and our server was attentive and helpful.Second time to morimoto and even better than the first. Our server, Joe, was super personable and went out of his way to make our night a good one. He explained the menu thoroughly and was so polite and happy to serve us. The carpaccio and the 90 combo was perfect for 3. morimoto doesn't disappoint, ASK FOR JOE!Sexy interior. Best sushi I ever had. The other plated dishes were all delicious. Morimoto does a great job of mixing unique ingredients and making it work for a perfect meal. This restaurant is worth every single penny!!!Great food, Omakaze menu is a must, so is the tofu made at the table. The drinks are good if you order from the menu. Ordered an old fashioned which was not on the menu and it was sub-par for $20.Amazing service. Amazing food (even though the Kobe beef was a tad bit too salty for my liking). Even more amazing ambience.
Coming here, I would recommend getting either their sushi platters as an entree or one of their regular entrees such as steak. When I went, I was under the impression that sushi would not be able to fill you up but boy, was I wrong. Definitely one or the other or sharing entrees is the way to fo.
Try the sashimi for sure and no matter how full you are, you should definitely still try the dessert, especially the chocolate pot!I have never had a bad experience here. The waitstaff are well versed on the menu and incredibly professional. They always give recommendations both on their personal favorites but favorites among the customers. In particular, Alice is great - she previously worked at another restaurant my grandparents frequented and has brought over the great and bubbly attitude over to this establishment. 
The food is phenomenal - some of our favorites include the baby calamari salad, shishito peppers, hamachi, carpaccio, the toban yaki, sushi, etc. Everything is so tasty and good proportions. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to have a nicer, Japanese meal!Best and one of the most expensive sushi restaurants in Philly. They aren't just limited to sushi and I've had other menu items that were great but the sushi is the gem here. The fish is fresh, very simple rolls, and my favorite thing - there wasabi in the rolls. The drinks are fantastic. I once had this Acai berry cocktail that blew me away. The presentation of the drinks are food are beautiful. The restaurant is hard to find. There isn't a clear cut sign outside that says morimoto, the front is white and plan with a glass door. To the left of the door it says morimoto but it's so hard to read. The first time we walked by it 2-3 times before finally seeing it. The interior is beautiful and HUGE. It's so modern and very nice lighting, a little dark but it goes with the posh theme they're going for.Wonderful experience!  I had the omakase and everything was delicious, especially the wagyu beef.  Still thinking about it.  Service was awesome and the decor was beautiful.Nice sleek modern Asian restaurant. Make sure to make a reservation or you will be waiting a while. Service here is subpar we were waiting a while to be greeted and for our drinks. Nevertheless the food was amazing.  The dumplings were by far my favorite it's a shame they only give you four bc u would have a whole meal of just dumplings. We also got sushi which was fresh and filling.Best part: customer service
Sad, depressing part: the food
I ordered the Omakase and was super excited (like a litle schoolgirl-excited). It was a letdown. Place is over-hyped, and the prices are sky-high for a subpar sushi experience. I think some super market sushi is better. I went to Union Trust the night before and should have gone there instead. Sorry Iron Chef...you were not the winner that night.Joe was amazing. The food and drinks were great. It was my first time here and I will deff be back.Great vibe less of a wait than some of the other locations. The menu is very straight forward. All of the food was excellent. Very well prepared appetizers. I love when a good meal is started off right. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly! Can't wait to come back.The original... and worth every penny. Listen folks, the raw fish doesn't get much better than this.   Not to mention, the rest of the menu is superb. Omakase is top notch.The Mister, myself, and some friends finally had the Morimoto experience. We are HUGE sushi fans and even though I was full of rum and Jamaican Jerk Hut food from lunch (seriously I inhale food when I come to Philly--must be something in the water), we decided to hit up Morimoto for drinks and sushi. On a Saturday night, it was packed but not obscenely so and the restaurant is very chic (wait, do people even use that word anymore? Oh well...)
We didn't have reservations (I'm a fly by the seat of my pants type of girl) so we enjoyed drinks at the upstairs lounge while we waited for a table. Cocktails are yummy and strong. For the life of me I can't remember what I drank. We were seated at a spacious booth and enjoyed some people watching. 
The menfolk went all out on the Chef's Special sushi for one hundred or one hundred and fifty (I can't remember but it was a ridic amount of the freshest and most scrumptious sushi I have had in a while). My friend enjoyed the Ramen soup and I got down on the portabella mushrooms (in a butter sauce) and wasabi fried ricea and some rock shrimp that wasn't even better than PF Chang's version (booooo!!!). Whilst eating myself into a food coma, I drank a carafe of sake (which was reasonably priced and smooth) and I was quite satisfied with the meal, the ambience, and the entire experience. Would I come back? Heck yes even if it cost a car payment to eat here!Great place to have some delicious sushi. Not too crowded and food was extremely fresh. Our waitress was amazing. Very well overall.The food and service was of high quality and the atmosphere was very modern.  
I ordered the miso soup with tofu, ishi yaki bop with kobe beef and the chocolate custard.  I liked how the miso soup (w/tofu) had a lot of big pieces of tofu instead of a few tiny cubes.  The ishi yaki bop was very flavorful and a surprisingly good-sized portion.  The chocolate custard dessert (i forgot what it was called), was absolutely delicious and a large portion as well.  It was a bowl of thick, rich chocolate custard, topped with this sweet milky cream and a caramelized banana.  It was really good, although I could not finish it because I was so full!
Morimoto's is definitely on the pricey, but I think if you're in the area, it's something you should try at least once.Hands down, the best Japanese fare I've ever had.  I live on the west coast where sushi and seafood are as fresh and abundant as you can find, but still, nothing compares to Morimoto.
My mother and I treated ourselves to a meal of a lifetime (cliche, I know, but true) by ordering the omakase.  Every single dish was incredible!  Fantastic flavours, fresh product, outstanding presentation, and the excellent service didn't hurt either.  I went back again with some friends and tried a large variety of dishes including the miso black cod, steamed scallops, surf and turf, and various sashimi/sushi pieces.  Wasn't on the same level as the omakase meal but delicious all the same.
Highly highly recommended.This was amazing! I have wanted to visit his restaurant for years! We came here to celebrate our honeymoon and they did not disappoint. We were greeted with complimentary glasses of champagne and all of the staff congratulated us on our wedding.
We ordered the classic chef tasting menu and every part was delicious! All of the fish was fresh and melted in your mouth. We left feeling full and satisfied. I would definitely recommend coming here.This place tears me in half. Their food is mostly immaculate, but the service my friends and myself were given was unforgivable. One of the few regrets I had was leaving a tip for the waitress. The hostess was also cold and unwelcoming. We arrived ten minutes early to our reservation and were told to go for a walk and come back. The restaurant was empty. We could have easily been seated and given drinks. The waitress snydely asked if we would have anything BESIDES water. Japanese cuisine is delicate. You Dont want a strongly flavored beverage to mask it. We all did the Omakase and I suggest you do too. Unfortunately the chef was testing a new dish and wanted opinions. My friends shared to me that we all didn't enjoy the dish but when asked, they all told the waitress the dish was perfect. It was improperly prepared and the scallop had bits of shell in it and I told her. Overall, our meal came to a few hundred dollars and we had each had 8 courses. We left hungry. And promptly went to burger king to satisfy our remaining hunger. The food usually tasted amazing. This place used to be better. Send a message by skipping this place unless you really know why Morimoto Seafood is worth it.Out on the town with wife and 10 year old daughter. The service was outstanding and the food was even better. They treated my daughter like a princess!!  We all shared the Edamame, then she had the house green salad and the Morimoto Ramen Soup. Two thumbs up for both from a picky eater!  My wife had the duck which was amazing, and I had the seared tuna salad, out of this world!!  My wife and I shared the Chef Special Sushi platter. Superb!!!  We'd go back in a heartbeat.  Side note - it's easy to walk right by the place, keep your eyes open.Sushi is very good drinks are good but stop there. I was excited to eat dinner here after having tried their sushi and drinks on a previous visit, however I should have just stopped at the sushi. I ordered the duck which came out cold, when it came back out it was too salty, unpalatable. It was a shame and maybe they were just having an off night , but I'll stick to the lounge for sushi and drinks only.The fiancé and I celebrating 4 years of being together with the omakase at Morimoto. The regular omakase is $100pp and the seasonal is $150pp. We weren't feeling adventurous so we went for the regular and although we left full, all of the dishes didn't "wow" me. As other reviewers have mentioned, the fish really does "melt in your mouth". My favorite dish was the yellowtail tartare (I love anything yellowtail though!) They have a great selection of sake, cocktails, and a handful of Asian beers.
Service was great throughout our meal -- everybody was friendly to us and we didn't have any issues with that. The ambiance is intimate and swanky. The bathroom is downstairs and there is a bar upstairs that you can hang out at while you wait for your table.
If we were to dine here again, we'd go for the a la carte option, but it was a good experience for us to try.Pros: (high grade sushi, lobster, carpaccio, i mean... it's Morimoto). You can't go wrong when you let an Iron Chef decide what you're having for dinner. The sushi is easily top 5 in grade ("A" personal grade) in Philly, and the sauce for the carpaccio is outstanding. But the best dish may be Morimoto's Lobster 'epice'. The blend of spices for the roasted lobster is heavenly and is a must have. 
Cons: (Expensive if you weren't expecting it. Decor and lighting is not the most conducive for picture taking). It should be easy to tell that we're nit picking at perfection. It is quite hard to not walk out satisfied. 
Recommendations: Sushi and Lobster Epice if you're not going for the Omakase.
Comparable to: Sasabune (NY), Momofuku (NY)The lobster and beef in omakase are wonderful. The sakura cake is good too.Our dinner last night left us disappointed. While the food was tasty, the service was less than impressive. One person ordered sushi and the duck, which was all delicious. The seared tuna salad was full of ginger flavor. The problem came in when one person in our party ordered the tofu appetizer, which they make at the table. We were waiting and waiting for his appetizer. We weren't forewarned but it takes 15 minutes to set. When it didn't set and left us waiting for 15 minutes, the waitress didn't apologize and bring a different appetizer. She merely asked us if we wanted to wait 15 more minutes to try again with the tofu. We said no please just bring our dinners. When they came, the black cod, which that same person ordered, was very small and came with no side dishes. The waitress did not say that he should order a side dish. My dish, the yellow tail rice bowl that a server prepares at the table, was plentiful with vegetables and rice and the duck was plentiful with a side of quinoa and egg, however the black cod entree fell completely short. While it was tasty it had very very little on the plate. It was completely odd that two dishes had a full dinner and one had too little to constitute a dinner. Made for an awkward, disappointing experience. A better waitress would have steered us in a more appropriate direction. Spending $250 for three people, our expectations were much higher for service.I went here to try a different take on Japanese cuisine, and may have walked in with higher than normal expectations given the name recognition. 
It's located right in Center City so I would recommend to plan for parking. I parked a few blocks south and walked to the restaurant. Otherwise, they do offer valet service for $15. 
The inside ambiance was very hip and trendy with low lighting, and modern aesthetics. The seating seems purposely done to be closer to the ground as is typical for traditional Japanese meals. 
We sat in the upstairs room which was more secluded and allows for better conversation. 
I started with the mixed baby greens as my appetizer. It was served with a yuzu vinaigrette. I thought the dressing overpowered any freshness from the greens. I found the dressing to be quite tangy, and I didn't end up finishing the dish since each bite was becoming more dressing and less greens. In hindsight, I should've asked for the vinaigrette on the side since I tend to not enjoy too much dressing on my salads to begin with. 
For my entree, I ordered their ramen bowl. This was pretty good! It was made in a vegetarian broth, with lots of veggies and noodles. I had asked for hot sauce, and it was served on the side for me to add in as necessary :). I thought the dish was hearty and I liked that I could spice it up with the hot sauce at my leisure. I don't think there was anything special about this ramen bowl versus others I've had at different places, but still a decent option. 
For dessert, I got the mango pudding! You can definitely taste the mango, which I liked. The presentation was in a popsicle form and I think it works nicely on how it's meant to be eaten. There is a creamy center and the outside edge is more tough - allowing you to mix the hard and soft in one bite! The fruity notes and the fresh undertones are captured well in the dish - very enjoyable!
Overall, I think this is a nice restaurant to try out, but no need to rush back anytime soon. I think you can probably find similar fare elsewhere at half the price.I would say, I expected more based on the price and iron chef reputation. 
The drink: I tried Morimoto martini and Yuzu Julep, both are very good, but the Morimoto martini is a little bit strong. The warm sake is average, nothing to surprise.
The appetizer: I must say, the beef carpaccio is awesome! The beef is so tender and sauce is so flavorful! The Yosedofu is yuck, seriously, no favor, and it's way too soft to eat. We also ordered some kind of fried seafood, I wouldn't recommend it.
The sushi: I was a little disappointed of the sushi because I'm sure you can get even better sushi in some other places for cheaper price.  I ordered "chef's choice' which is the sampler of different kinds of sushi. It was good but I expected more. 
Our server was nice and friendly, the restaurant's decoration is definitely a plus, but the music is too loud, you feel like you have to talk loud so the other party can hear you.  
Overall, convenient location, nice decoration, friendly service, very good drink but average sushi. Maybe I will go back to sit at the bar to have some drinks and appetizer, but definitely not getting a table.Love this place! The food is amazing and the staff is very accommodating.Popped in here for lunch this afternoon and was delighted to find Moromoto taste for reasonable mid-day prices. The lunch sets are extremely great deals: around $17 for soup, salad, and the entrée. Chicken katsu was delightfully tender with crunchy panko breadcrumbs and sat atop fluffy white rise soaking in a savory broth, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. Miso soup was unlike anything you get at your typical Asian joint; very fresh and flavorful. My boyfriend had the duck udon with a delicious broth. We shared the spicy salmon maki as well. Although I do not like when sushi is wrapped inside a very thick wall of rice, the salmon had a strong taste and the sauce had a great kick to it. Between the two of us with the sharked maki, two entrées, and a cappuccino (great foam) for me, the total came down to $50. Excellent deal for this place. I'm excited to try it for dinner.Food is very good, decor beautiful, service excellent but also very over priced.They have an amazing selection of vegetarian options from soups to specialty rolls which go above and beyond a basic cucumber roll!  I always get the shiitake roll and vegetable roll.  The sushi is as good as it gets (according to my fiance) and their pot de creme is amazing!  The food just tastes fresh.  It is simple but, that is what we like about it!  No spicy mayo or sweet eel sauce, just authentic well prepared Japanese dishes.  The service never lets us down either!  Had a mishap with the kitchen one time and they made right!  Above and beyond expectations!  I think the staff was more upset about the situation than I was!!!!  That spoke volumes to us.  Clearly, they take pride in their work and service!  We try to get here at least once a month and always leave happily excited for our next date at Morimoto!Phenomenal!! We got sushi as our appetizer which is the best sushi I ever tasted in my life. You can taste how fresh the fish is. If we knew how good the sushi was, we might have just gotten that!! Entrees were Arctic char and duck duck duck. Also amazing! Finished with dessert which was the chef's take on a smore. They light it on fire at your table and the coolest thing I've ever seen!! We will be back again... A must to try!I saw this restaurant opening on the Food Network about five years ago and I said if I am ever in, I am going to go.  Well five years later, I got to go.  It was really good but I think Oishii in Boston is better.   Moritomo's atmosphere is really unique.  I had mentioned I was a fan of the food network and the waiter brought me over a free appetizer.   There is a lot more cooked dishes on the menu than sushi.  I would recommend the sushi sampler that gives you two pieces of each fish in its own unique sauceI was pulled into a dinner at Morimoto by an obligation that I could not back out of.  As I was still in the job market, splurging on the chef's tasting menu wasn't justifiable.  So this review is geared towards others in my situation or otherwise on a budget.
I was pleased that it is possible to dine at a reasonable price at Morimoto (I am referring to reasonable given the type of restaurant, of course).  Dinner for two consisting of a glass of red wine a piece with an assortment of sushi and dessert with tax and tip for around $100 or slightly above that.  
Half the fun can be people watching - for example, the table next to me was occupied by a hollywood actor when I dined there last week.  The design of the restaurant is tastefully modern and the seats were much more comfortable than I expected based upon the website's pictures of the interior.  I enjoyed the ambiance far more than Distrito.  I am more concerned about the quality of food than decor, though, and that weighs heavily in my ratings.
The food was not exceptional.  I've had better suishi in the city.  Much better, in fact.  I got to try a bite of three other entries at my table - the salmon was exceptional, though Marigold Kitchens' salmon is far superior.  Dessert was divine, although misleading in its description (brownies with a consistency resembling fudge, for example).  Presentation was great and service was top notch.
I've given it two stars because the text rating for that is "Meh. I've experienced better", and I have.  That's not to say it was a bad experience as it clearly wasn't, but just that I'll not be seeking it out for return patronage.I give this place 3 stars because the food I had in no way meets the expectations from a $100+ meal for one. 
The glass of vouvray white wine was excellent. I also liked the miso soup but it arrived in a gigantic salad bowl. I would have much preferred the smaller bowl version. I ordered the chef's sashimi and sushi platter. The fish was very good; some (tuna) were excellent. But the rice ruined it! Sushi rice is supposed to be slightly warm, slightly sticky and quite light. I could feel every single grain on that dish, the texture was awful and prevented me from enjoying the fish. Again, I was mostly annoyed because it was an expensive and famous place. The dessert which has an annoying name (micro batch ) was excellent, however! Service was impeccable and the place is very funky on the inside.Deeply Disappointed!
I really wanted to love it.  As a food writer and reformed restaurant critic, it had always been my regret that I had never written a review for Morimoto's when I did it for a living. Alas, no one ever offered to pay for that meal.  After many years, my husband surprised me with a reservation for dinner last Saturday night.
Ok, I was totally excited. I read every single review. Almost a thousand. I studied the menu. I was prepared.
The ambience was fine. I get the complaints about the phallus in the center of the table, but, what the heck.
We ordered a la carte since my husband is not a huge fan of raw fish. For appetizers, we had the rock shrimp tempura which was tasty but reminded me a bit of the bang bang shrimp at Bonefish Grille. We also had the soft-shell crab roll. That was delicious even though it wasn't unique.  The third appetizer was a spicy tuna roll.  Just ok. Vic in Horsham is just as tasty.
I would have been happy if my meal continued on that path through the entree portion of the meal, but, catastrophe occurred after the waiter took our order.  He politely asked me if there were any dietary restrictions or food allergies the chef needed to be aware of. I mentioned an onion allergy. The waiter then checked with the chef who ok'd my order of trout as being safe for me to consume.  Well, the food came out, My trout looked great and with great anticipation I speared my first bite on my fork for the first orgasmic taste when..... the waiter comes flying across our table, grabs my plate, my fork, my rice, my everything,  apologizing all the while that he is sorry but there is onion powder on something! So, ok, I am a little non-plussed by this behavior, but, thankful he saved me a miserable evening.  Several minutes later, after I think he calmed down, he asked me to order something else. He suggested the cod with miso, because I had considered that at the beginning of the meal and he was certain it was onion-free.  The cod came out and it was unbelievably dry and fishy. I was shocked.  Maybe 50 people mentioned how good this dish was in their review.  My husband felt so badly, he passed me his seafood dish and started to eat the cod even though he didn't like it.  The waiter and I think a front end manager came over to offer me a third dish, but by this time, I was so upset, my experience was just blown. My husband took back his dish since he didn't care for the miso cod either and I waited for him to finish.
The waiter apologized again, offered dessert, but with no dinner, who wants dessert.  They did adjust the check.  I did have some kind of major allergic reaction leaving the restaurant, but since I don't know what was in my husbands dish, I don't know what it was from. A dash to the Rite Aid, for Benadryl.  Two days of headaches and swollen tongue. It truly was a night to remember, though for the wrong reasons.Morimoto is one of the coolest looking high end  restaurants I've ever been in, decorated in this modern minimalist style with colored plastic tables that change colors.  The food is just as pretty, and very unique.  Instead of your traditional boring Japanese, chef Morimoto hits it with elements of fusion from around the world.  I haven't been in a few years, but it was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had.
We ate the omikase, leaving all the decisions as to what we ate in the chef's hands.  Do that.I've been waiting soo long to come here and it was so worth the wait. It was nice to get really dressed up and come to a trendy place that actually has amazing food. The fi and I took our time and ordered drinks (awesome) and then split an appetizer and an entree. I found the risotto to be quite salty but the entree (the name escapes me) was super duper good. It was served in a 350 degree bowl that cooked the contents even further while you ate. This is not a vegetarian restaurant, but they are def veggie friendly. We had a wonderful time and I would like to go back one day to the lounge and check it out.Came here for a friend's birthday and it was amazing for a special occasion! I split the $65 chef's combination sushi with a friend and it was plenty for two. The edamame was solid (nothing special but it is edamame after all) and the waygu dumplings are a must get appetizer if you aren't a vegetarian obviously. My friends really liked the nashi blossom cocktail and the wine I had was lovely. Overall a must try for sure! A bit pricey but well worth it. The service was amazing as well.A really good dining experience.  I had the sea bass which was cooked perfectly and not too salty.  I can't comment on the sushi or sashimi but it did look good though, although you can get the same quality for less moolah elsewhere.  For the quality of the food and service I don't mind the $$$$ menu prices and definitely for special occasions only.Wow. Overrated. I eat sushi all the time. Their sushi is mushy. I am really surprised this is rated high. I am willing to spend more for good sushi. Save your money. I seriously have had airport sushi that blows this away.The good news is that the blonde wood "wave" ceiling is still gorgeous and awe inspiring after all these years, as are the changing colored light block seats. The place is still stunning. And the service was pretty great too - very attentive and efficient. 
But I have to say that the food was sub par. We might have enjoyed it more had we sat at a table and not at the bar where we witnessed its "preparation". If you sit there, be prepared to be a little horrified. OK maybe too strong a word - no one was spitting or doing anything disgusting by any means... but imagine our surprise and indignation to see that the fish had been presliced and wrapped in plastic wrap and kept in tubs. Morimoto sushi sampler? Tub "two" is opened and one plastic wrap of presliced fish pieces (all of them together - little piece of tuna, salmon, clam) is removed. The chef then places the fish on rice on a plate artfully with the appropriate sauce. The only thing that we saw in the SIGNATURE Omakase dinner that was not PREMADE/presliced was the crab leg. I'm sorry but I think that is just disgraceful - for any high-end sushi place, but especially Morimoto. Honestly it made me feel like a real idiot (like someone was in the back laughing "look at these fools, paying this amount of money for this stuff"). The food tasted OK, by no means bad, but not fantastic. So even if we hadn't seen the preparation, I don't know if we'd race back. But since we did see it, we definitely will never return. Unacceptable.Excellent service, including a visit by the sommelier because we didn't like the bottle of wine we selected - they were more than accomodating in helping us select another bottle.  I had the duck, duck, duck & it was perfect.  I couldn't stop eating the chocolate pot de creme dessert.  If you're in Philly then find time to stop by....
(This is my first 5-star review!)We came here to celebrate my fiancé's birthday this year.  The place itself is very modern with an open kitchen in the back.  If you're lucky, you'll have Morimoto making your food.  He was there the first time we went but not this time around. They offer two different tasting menus and we decided to try one of each. It's an eight course tasting menu - one for $120 and the other for $150.  The more expensive one had 24k gold on top of the tuna toro, lobster, fish imported from Japan as well wagyu beef from Japan (must try!).  I believe they also have the tasting menu with drinks pairing. Overall, the tasting menus are worth the experience.  Get one of each so you can see the difference!This place is fantastic!! I concur with the reviews on the decor being dated... It reminded me of the Contemporary resort in Disney World . . . you know something that was decorated back in the 70s to look cool and futuristic. But that is not the star of the show . . . That honor goes to the food. 
We were originally going to have the sushi, however after seeing so many negative reviews from in satisfied patrons, we decided to ask our server for her recommendation. This turned out to be the tasting menu, which has a fancy label that currently escapes me and is not present in the menu that is available online. I am ecstatic that we chose this path. 
The meal consisted of 7 courses: 2 appetizers, 3 entree samples, a sushi sampler and desert. All dishes were really good, with a few of them being exceptional. The sushi was better than any sushi I have had to date, however I can see from the portions versus the cost why there would be so many negative comments - to feel satisfied we would have had to spend upwards of $150 each for lunch with no drinks - I know that would have caused me to have a markedly different view of this fine establishment. 
We will go back . . . Hopefully soon . . . And again will go with the tasting menu . . . . Highly recommend this route . . .  it is worth every penny for the quality of the food as well as the experience.Best sushi I've ever had. The sashimi app is incredible. Ambiance is delightful! Expensive but worth it :)Everything it's cracked up to be! Not super expensive for such a nice restaurant but def higher end! All the plates come out super fancy! Great for the Instagram! Waiter was on point with everything! Awesome sushi bar. And scenery is mind blowing! Parking right next door hard in the city. Everything is absolutely perfect.I live in Brooklyn.  I've been wanting to dine at Morimoto in the meatpacking district for years.  However, when an opportunity to dine at the original in Philly with my family presented itself, I jumped.
I read some of the other Yelpers' reviews, and convinced everyone to get the omakase (the lesser priced version).  It was one of the best meals I've ever had.
Our first course was a sashimi of bluefin tuna and yellowtail, presented as sculpted roses.  The presentation was simple and beautiful--a hint to the theme of our meal.
Second course was a tilefish carpaccio with hot oil and dried cherry blossoms.  It was light, but had a burst of flavors that reminded me of a steakhouse--a very bizarre and fulfilling dish.  Definitely one of the favorites with everyone.
Third course was a Thai snapper with vermicelli-esque soba noodles and microgreens.  The broth was very simple, and the portion was big (for a tasting menu).  A decent finish to the app section of the tasting menu.
We were then served an intermezzo: a shot of passionfruit, soda, and angostura bitters.  A gorgeously tasty palette cleanser.
Fourth course (and one of three mains) was crispy skate with a pork dumpling and pea shoots.  Far and away my favorite: the skate was perfectly crispy on the outside and buttery and delicate in the middle.  The dumpling was an advertisement for balanced umami; it was porky but not too much.  My sister doesn't eat pork, but she did this night.
Fifth course was a chicken roulade with sunchoke puree, mushrooms, and chicken jus.  Not exactly Japanese, but unexpectedly hearty and delicious.  The mushrooms and jus were another highlight to the meal.
Sixth course was straight up sushi--some of the best I've ever had.  Three sushi 'balls': tilefish with caviar, jackfish with sugared bonito, and salmon with sake.  Perfect bites of sushi; the jackfish was the standout.  Also included was a 'special roll': while the ingredients seemed basic (egg, cucumber and tuna), the presentation was exceptional: it was a square roll, and it was a work of art.  More of the true wasabi made this a really memorable course.
Dessert was our seventh course, and a definite high note: as a play on the flower show (the theme of our meal), we were served a flourless chocolate cake with honeycomb ice cream and a rose almond sauce.  Often rose ingredients come off as grandma-ish; this sauce was perfectly balanced and a great foil to the dense, rich, brownie-ish chocolate cake.  The honeycomb ice cream worked surprisingly well with the cake and the sauce.  I have to admit, this dish really got to me (I have a huge sweet tooth, it's worth noting).
The meal was not only delicious, but relatively healthy, too--all fish and chicken.  I loved the flower theme, and the overall tastes and presentation were perfect.
I wish that the dining room had been a little quieter, so that I could better hear my parents speak.  It was packed, but it was a Saturday night, after all.
I will come back.  It was worth every penny.Aside from meeting Iron Chef Morimoto at a hip, modern joint, I enjoyed his essence with omakase (Chef's Special).  I hit a home run with the triple combo of oysters with foie gras and sea urchin or Kumamoto oysters served with salsa, ceviche, and Thai fish sauce.  Other highlights included the scallop carpaccio and seared Kobe beef tartare, which melts in your mouth.  I ended my dining experience with a kick by enjoying my favorite divine dessert, wasabi tiramisu.Last time we dined here was approximately 14 years ago. Remember the food being outstanding at that time and today we experienced the same. There were 10 of us including a baby, five-year-old and eight-year-old and the servers were fantastic with the whole group. To avoid the crowd we did go in for an early seating and this worked perfectly for the mix of ages that we had in the group. Omikase was perfectly executed thru all the courses. Everyone who did a la carte were equally impressed. Not new but still cutting edge and was surprised didn't show up in best of sushi list for Philly.Manage your expectations when coming here.  Dont get me wrong, everything was very good, just not over the top as the reputation, and prices, may lead you to believe.
We got the tempura appetizer (OK), tuna pizza (great), and 4-5 sushi rolls which were good, but again nothing mind blowing.
One last thing, I'm sure being a waitress at a place like that gets you used to big, big tips from every table.  But don't get snooty with me after we order $90 worth of food and then don't want dessert or sake.  Also, refilling my water on time doesn't warrant you any extra consideration come tip-time.  Thats the minimum your job requires.  Christ.Chef Morimoto and his colleagues on the original Japanese version of Iron Chef are the reasons I got into exploring food. Remember when Bobby Flay challenged Morimoto and jumped on the cutting board to "raise the roof", pissing Morimoto off?! I do! I watched the show religiously on the Food Network back in high school so a visit to Philadelphia would not be complete without a visit to his flagship restaurant. 
I don't know what it is about neon lights and Japanese restaurants in Philly but I guess it is OK since the food is special. The menu offers anything from a bowl of ramen to sushi and sushi tasting menus to savory hot dishes to omakase menus. There was no way to go about it but to choose the $150 omakase menu on this first visit which came with 8 courses. The restaurant was noisy and there are many components to each dish so we couldn't hear them all from our awesome waiter. 
1: Toro tartare with caviar. Delicious. I loved the crunchy element mixed in with the fish as well as the cold broth. The fresh-grated wasabi really elevated it through each bite did clear my sinuses each and every time. 
2: Soup. This was the mildest dish of the night but done really well. It contained snow crab meat, fish filet, uni and daikon. 
3: Sashimi sampler. This dish had items like bluefin tuna, barracuda and firefly squid among others. Everything was undoubtedly fresh and many of the items came from their seasonal sushi/sashimi menu. I didn't love the firefly squid and never like them whenever I have them. Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills often has it on their omakase, too. It is too briny for me. The barracuda was delicious and smokey. 
I started to get full right around here. 
4: Foie gras with unagi, apple and yuzu foam, crushed apples and shiso. This dish was so balanced. I generally don't eat foie gras but had to here since it is costing part of $150. This dish was simply and perfectly conceptualized and cooked. 
Palate cleanser of cucumber juice and lemon jelly served here. 
5: Scallop with black truffle soy sauce and crispy seaweed. Geez, I love me a perfectly cooked scallop and anything with black truffles. The crispy seaweed were very interesting. This dish was amazing but just a tad bit too salty. 
6: Japanese A5 wagyu with mushrooms and root vegetables and onion sauce. Simply blew my mind. This dish was so perfect. When you have fresh and high-quality ingredients, I think you have to really restrain yourself and they did so here by letting the food speak for itself. Served on a very hot sizzling platter, you can pour as much sauce as you'd like. Just beware of the spattering. You can spread out and cook your beef as much as you'd like. 
7: Sushi sampler. At this point, I was too full so taking more food in was becoming a challenge. My ears stopped working too because I didn't catch what was on the platter except bluefin tuna, orange clam and mackerel. I bit into one and knew right away I was not crazy at all about the texture of the rice. Much like Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills, sushi is not their strong suit in the omakase. I only ate the fish off the top and left the tuna roll untouched. 
I added one piece of uni because they had a special option from Hokkaido, Japan. It cost $14 for one piece and I had to make room for it. It was the best uni I've ever had. The pieces are smaller than you generally see in Santa Barbara sea urchins, almost like the pieces came from a miniature sea urchin or something. They stacked the piece deep with so much uni that I can barely feel and taste the rice. No complaints here! Please give this a try if you like sea urchin. You won't regret it. 
8: Cheesecake soufflé with fresh berries, strawberry wine sorbet, mango and passionfruit and avocado purée. This was the fluffiest and lightest cheesecake I've ever had. It wasn't too sweet which was great. The sorbet was good as was the passionfruit purée. The dessert could have used more crunchy and varying elements (like something sour like the passionfruit) though. 
I was only able to get through a quarter of the dessert before my fullness took over. We waddled out to our Uber ride slightly overwhelmed by the quantity of food we had taken in. I seriously think the food I took in could have fed two people satisfactorily. 
It was a delicious meal with minor flaws. Morimoto is special and did not disappoint.My fantastic boyfriend brought me here for my birthday and we had a great time!
I got the $80 tasting menu and really enjoyed it. The sauces were fantastic and definately elevated the protein. My boyfriend got the waygu dumplings, a roll, and the kobe beef hot bowel, all of which were great! 
Drinks were also above average. I highly recommend the cilantro gimlet - delicious!
I only hope that the waitstaff split the tips fairly. Our waitress was fine but all she did was take down our order and bring our drinks.   Others brought us our food and expertly explained our dishes. 
It wasn't an every day meal, thats for sure, and it was definately worth the money!  I look forward to going back and absolutely recommend the tasting menu!Have been to this restaurant a few years ago and I remember it was AMAZING.  Just visited again last week and I am happy to say, it was just as good, if not better than I remember!
I could make a meal out of the apps alone.  The atmosphere, service and charm was impeccable.  I will definitely return and recommend to friends!Delicious!  Finally got a chance to try the king yellowtail Buri Bop, cooked and served table-side, and it was a fantastic meal.  Lightly seared but still with the fresh rich flavor of raw yellowtail.  The rice is also very well seasoned, but I may ask them to go light on the sauce next time - their "little bit" was way too heavy.
Service was great, and the decor and ambiance modern chic.  The sencha tea was a total disappointment though, terribly bitter and otherwise flavorless - lacking the aromatic essence of sencha and tastes like it was soaked in lukewarm water.
Given how hard it is to get reservation for dinner on weekends, I was surprised how empty this place was on a weekday lunch.  Will be back to try more!Easily the best $300 I've spent on a meal (for two).  This place lived up to the hype, including my own expectations from having watched years of Iron Chef.  The atmosphere, the service, the food . . . all deserve five very enthusiastic stars.  
Even with it being one of the fancier restaurants in Philly, the staff and atmosphere were very friendly and welcoming.  No pretentious service here, even with the high prices.  Plus, we were seated near Apollo Anton Ono (US Speedskating gold medalist), so that was an added bonus.  
We ordered the prix fixe menu . . . one for $120 and one for $80.  They both included seven courses, starting with a tartare, then a carpaccio, sashimi salad, eight spice lobster, kobe beef medallions, a sushi course, and finally a fantastic chocolate cake dessert.  Every single item was unique and delicious.  There was even an elderflower and mint soda palate cleanser that was served between courses 3 and 4.  Particularly delicious was the daikon topped with foie gras.  
Even the drinks were fantastic.  I highly recommend the lychee cosmopolitan and the Japanese pineapple non-alcoholic cocktail.   
Hands down, one of the best dining experiences we've ever had.  Definitely worth the price and worth the visit if you are in Philly.I was the only one at the table to experience the Morimoto omakase ("chef's choice" tasting menu), and let me tell you: everyone else regretted not doing so.
Though the others envied the omakase, I didn't hear any complaints about their particular orders. There wasn't a single plate that came out that I didn't enjoy: everything was excellently prepared and very delicious. 
The only minor hitch was a hiccup with the check: an error in processing our order and the way it was handled; other than that, everything else was fabulous.yes!! yes!! we did 'chef choice' : multi tasting course and it was so worth it!
after 1st dish i was so anxious to taste the next one :D
i just couldn't have enough of it. it was pleasantly surprising with most exotic ingredients. absolutely amazing!!!Absolutely the best meal I have ever had! Really. I went with a large party of 16 and was able to try many dishes. I ordered the pork belly appetizer and it was unbelievable. Then I had the sea bass for an entrée and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. If you can only try one thing...get the sea bass. 
Sample the surf n turf....very good. And the chicken, which is hands down the best chicken I've ever had. If you don't like seafood get the chicken. Holy moly!  Cheesecake is up next. But you'll have to discover the dessert for yourself.I ate here a few years ago and LOVED the food and the ambiance. The atmosphere makes it feel like you're in a futuristic cave. It was weird and I loved it.We went because my son and I love Masahara on the Iron Chef program.
We went for lunch in the middle of the week, several months ago. We were late getting there, close to the time that they stop serving lunch. The place was almost empty, maybe only 3 or 4 other tables taken. The waitress couldn't wait to take our order, to the point that it was almost impossible to get her to describe any of the dishes. We asked for a little more time to decide and she was very upset. She came back to the table in about two minutes. Unfortunately, she never returned that quick during the remainder of the meal, it took ten minutes to get a wine refill. 
The food was great but no better than Nobu but the prices did not seem as bad as Nobu. 
The design was 70's zoomy scando-japanese via Karim Rashid's distorted mind. It probably would have been better if there were lots of people there, otherwise it looked a little like a smorgasbord lounge at the Copenhagen train station during my college trip to Europe in 1974.I was in Philly recently, and another amazing local chef had recommended we check out Morimoto. Being the avid Food Network viewer - I booked a reservation. 
Unfortunately no sign of Morimoto himself, but a friendly staff was in place. After perusing the menu and consulting with our waiter, we decided to try the tuna pizza (just ok - almost no flavor without the aioli which I decided to pass on), the Morimoto sashimi (delicious - especially the flash-poached OToro tuna sashimi, and the kitchen sent out a few things to try - the sweet/sour shrimp (deep-fried and pretty tasteless) and the scallops with ginger and scallions (very tasty). We shared a $30 sushi/sashimi combo that was very tasty.
They also brought out a very refreshing sorbet and lemongrass ice cream that was tasty.
Overall, an ok experience. Definitely an interesting and unexpected interior in downtown Philly!Not too many vegetarian options, but hey its Japanese. Its mostly seafood. I went here when I ate meat and it was awesome. If you eat meat, the warm octopus carpaccio is one of the best things I ever ate. I remember the rock shrimp tempura being good as well. Just don't get the baby chicken...it comes out whole (beak, feet, and all)! And it tasted like sewage. They have a few veggie items such as green tea noodles and vegetable sushi, but not too many. The whole place is virtually made of white plastic and the walls and your booth/table change color slowly throughout your meal. Pretty snazzy.Let's start with the simple but elegant ambiance and decor of the restaurant.  It was like I was walking into a colorful sea.  The panels around the seats in the middle changes color but at a rate that is not disturbing to the eye.  The wavy walls were beautifully white; which makes the entire room look sleek and clean.  We sat along the walls which are mostly 2 seaters (really is a perfect place for date nights).  The chairs were white and table was neon green; now that I think of it, I wonder if that changed color as well.  I don't remember.  It's not even because of the price of this restaurant; just because this place look so nice and elegant inside, there should be a more strict dress code.  
For drinks, we had the chateau bordeau and a cocktail I can't recall (2 glasses each because it was delicious).  There are 3 types of tasting menus but we opted for the ala carte dining because I know it would be too much food.  But the number of dishes we ordered was pretty much the size of a tasting menu.  I didn't want to order sushi here, so that's a main reason I didn't choose the tasting menu as well.
So we started with the kimomoto (not sure if I spelled it correctly) oysters which I found to be the best oysters i've ever had.  We ended up with 2 plates of oysters because we didn't like the edamame (overcooked and presentation didn't look so good).  The manager was happy to take it back and replace it with another plate of oysters.  The oysters came with 6 on a plate (3 different kinds, thai pepper sauce, ceviche, and one other I can't recall).  I loved them all.  Next came the carpaccio and dumplings.  The dumpling fillings were pulled beef, I think.  It was not bad, interesting filling because I've never tried it this way before.  The carpaccio (salmon) was very smooth, cooked just right with sesame oil sauce, maybe a little spicy kick to the sauce would be a good idea tho.  We also had the special of the night, scallops with congee.  I was surprised to see congee because I've never had it at expensive restaurants before aside from chinatown.  To my surprise, it was delicious and flavorful with just the right consistency.  For those that don't know, congee looks pretty much like oatmeal and is pretty much rice cooked in water.  The scallops were flavorful; not a fan of scallops but they did taste good.
Our main course was the duck duck duck and chilean sea bass.  The duck duck duck came with a bowl of short grain rice with an egg on top.  I had the duck cooked medium rare which was delicious; however, I wish there were less fat between the skin and the meat.  The skin was sooooo good because it was thick and crispy.  The chilean sea bass was cooked just right and flavorful surrounded with some vegetables.  My favorite part was the dessert of course, as usual.  we decided to share because I was really full.  I opted for the burnt honey ice cream with green tea cake.  The cake was moist and tasty, could definitely taste the green tea flavor in there.  The ice cream was out of this world amazing, I love ice cream, wish they sold this in stores.  
The service was wonderful, manager was understanding about us not liking the edamame.
On a side note, when i walked out of the restaurant, I noticed a giant asian lady poster that I thought was kind of freaky and the place could do without LOL, jus my opinion.  Otherwise, I had a fantastic dining experience.  My 100th yelp review, morimoto did it for me.Best... Meal.... Ever....
Ate here 3 years ago and it's still one of the greatest experiences ever ever ever. Like a perfect symphony of delicousness, delivered with expert timing and in perfect order. The Omakase here is unrelenting goodness that leaves you ultimately satisfied.
What I'm trying to say is that I liked it.Try the Buri-Bop, it's mind blowing.  This place is dee-lish (what else could you expect from THE Iron Chef?) and the decor is funky fresh yo (think Brave New Worldesque dining).  My fave is the centerpiece at each table which not-so-vaguely look like glowing vibrators...a great conversation piece during any meal.  Pricey place so be sure to go with a thick wallet.(5) ~ Excellent Overall Food & Service & Ambiance...Love the Architecture!;-)
** Best Sushi I've had in the USA...which explains why Chef Morimoto is an "Iron Chef";-)When asked by out-of-towners where to go when they visit Philadelphia, I don't tell them to gawk at a giant broken bell or do the Rocky run up the art museum steps.  I send them straight to Morimoto. 
Masaharu Morimoto became an icon on Iron Chef and also pasted that annoying Bobby Flay and when he opened a restaurant in my hometown I couldn't wait to go.  I called every week leading up to its (many time delayed) opening to get a reservation.  It was worth it.  
The inside is modern and the bathrooms are ultra cool.  The image of the lady's head kinda freaked me out, and the lighting of the tables and seats was a little off for a Japanese restaurant.  But it wouldn't be 'fresh' and it wouldn't be Steven Starr without a little unnecessary pizzazz.
The otoro (fatty tuna) was absolutely mouth-wateringly amazing.  For $13 bucks for two pieces it better be.  Nothing compared to the $40,000 a fish he pays at auction for the best quality tuna, which is then line dragged from Tokyo to America, chopped up, and stored in -80 degree freezers to ensure the freshest fish possible.  It works cause the fish literally melts in your mouth.  I don't think I chewed it at all.  I also recommend the rock shrimp tempura and the selection of sake is very good.  I was a little disappointed the dishes weren't more adventurous because on the show he comes up with some wacky stuff.  I recall him drawing the scorn of the 'old-school' Iron Chef Japanese for abandoning the traditional and revered methods of cooking.
To top it off, Morimoto-san himself came to our table and chatted it up with my family.  I think we were the only Japanese people in the place.  He's definitely a ham.  He signed our menu and took some pics with us.  Unfortunately I don't think he is around too much since he's opening new restaurants in NY and LA. 
But go anyway because Morimoto is just one of those places you've gotta go to just to say you've been.I think the 1000+ ratings say enough, but I was too impressed not to say anything. My boyfriend and I dined here over the weekend for the first time to celebrate our anniversary. We arrive a little early and although the restaurant was crowded, were seated within a few minutes. The restaurant itself has a cool, futuristic feel. With the only windows to the outside being the glass front doors in the front of the restaurant, I like I was in another world, in a good way. 
To drink I had the Gin Blossum special, which is now my new favorite cocktail. The bf also very much enjoyed his dark & stormy. We didn't think we were hungry enough for the chef tasting, but to still try as many dishes as possible, we split a bunch of appetizers and then shared an entrée. For apps we had the edamame, ramen soup, tuna pizza, and waygu dumplings. I could have done without the tuna dish, but I did still appreciate the freshness of the fish. We are obsessed with any and all ramen and dumpling dishes, and am happy report these did not disappoint! Of course the waygu beef itself already set itself apart from any ordinary dumpling, but they were by far the best I've ever had. We both said we could have kept ordering extra servings of them. I was also impressed with the ramen soup. Most ramen's I've had have been substantial enough to serve as an entire meal, so I was surprised that it was extremely light and delicate. We also thought we needed to try at least one sushi dish, so we went with our go-to, shrimp tempura. Delicious as expected- slightly spicy and rolled with asparagus for some extra texture. For the main course we shared the ishi yaki bop with kobe beef. The beef is cooked tableside in a hot bowl and added to a rice, egg & veggie mixture. It was a perfect sharing dish and was a great way to end the meal.  
From the staff, to the décor, and food & drinks, everything was absolutely perfect. The meal was worth every penny, and I can't wait to celebrate another special occasion there soon!If you've ever watched Iron Chef, you know that Morimoto is a culinary genius. As expected, his restaurant didn't disappoint. You walk into the restaurant and are surrounded by cold white furniture illuminated with cycling colored lights. They have a list of asian inspired cocktails which turned out to be unique and strong: we had ones based on saki and green tea. Obviously sushi is prevalent on the menu given Morimoto's background, but the other Japanese style dishes like tempura with gorgonzola and the cooked fish dishes were incredible. We're big scallop fans and the hotate sushi was the best we have ever had, narrowly beating out a few places in Japan. Desserts were a little less impresive with a wasabi tiramisu being a very weird blend of flavors. Next time I go back, I will definitely try the chef's tasting menu, though we opted not to on this occasion since Morimoto, himself, was not there.5 star service 5 star food. Love it here! Hey open one up in NYC! And this rock shrimp is the best!I admit I'm not a huge fan of the show a Iron Chef, but of course I'm aware of Iron Chef Morimoto.  While in Philly, I felt compelled to visit his restaurant.
The restaurant is easy to pass without noticing.  Once inside, the restaurant is very modern looking.
I had the lunch sushi sampler for $26 which came with miso soup and salad along with a good assortment of thirteen pieces of sushi which were so fresh and delicious.  I'm not the biggest sushi fan, but the sushi was clearly terrific.  I really enjoyed it.
Brian, the server, was very friendly, helpful, and attentive.  The other workers were very pleasant as well.By far one of the best experience with sushi. I would highly suggest if you are going to try sushi for this first time to go to this location. We had one such person in our group of 5 and it turned them on to the idea of sushi in the future.
The atmosphere also puts you in the mood for a great meal. I would go in to detail of everything we had but to be honest we had such a large variety I wouldn't know where to start.
Highly recommended for everyone from first timer to long time sushi lover.Meh. I was expecting to be wowed a bit more. I ordered the $40 chef's selection for sushi, and although it was very tasty, most of the nigiri I had had before, and are the usual suspects (egg, salmon, tuna, etc). I was expecting them to throw a bunch a wild and unusual stuff in there. Also had a side of butter sautéed Japanese mushrooms. A bit too salty. 
Also, my dining companion's salad came about 10 minutes AFTER his main dish had arrived. 
I would not go again, but I recommend to anyone who does give it a try, to order one of the entrees as opposed to the sushi.Service is impeccable. Food is the freshest and amazing. You get what you pay for and its worth every dollar!First of all, I'm a huge fan of Morimoto. . . 
If I could I'd rate this 4.5 stars. . . food was great. . . fresh. . and presentation was perfection. . . would of given 5 stars but, to be honest the portions was a bit small, service was okay, and the atmosphere was so so. . .It's really just average.   Had two sushi rolls, and the crispy trout.  Both were just ok.....and I wasn't even paying,  so it's not about the price. 
Disappointed.