I like this place. The gyros are great and the waffle fries even better. It's a short Indego ride from my office for lunch. If you snag an outdoor bench on a nice day, it's a great place to sit, looking across at the Franklin Institute and watching passersby. You order/pay from the counter, then they bring you your food in about 5 min. The lunch special is under $10 for a gyro (with fries in it) and waffle fries on the side. It made me pretty full. Staying awake at work now is my next challenge.Very impressive - I needed something quick before an event and happened upon them, and man, am I glad I did! The ambience is clean and simple, and the staff was helpful and quick. I was in a rush so I couldn't linger, but I snagged a pork gyro and it was fantastic. Price was great, meat and sauce was flavorful, it was really yummy. In glancing at the menu, there are several other things I would be interested to try if and when I got the chance to get back there. They were busy with weekday call-in orders, but they were quick and the gyro was excellent. I'm a fan, really good job! Looking forward to checking it out again, and it is a BYOB which I will have to take advantage of as well.This place just opened and it's already one of my family's favorites. We've tried the chicken gyro, hummus plate, and salmon platter. The pita bread is served warm and soft with a nice grill char on it. All of the meats and vegetables taste very fresh. You have the option to add the classic tzatziki sauce to your order, or moustaki which is their honey mustard-style sauce. I like both, but the tzatziki sauce is excellent with fish -- I think it has some fresh dill in it?
We have only ordered delivery so far, but we plan to make a trip to the restaurant soon. A welcome, healthy addition to the neighborhood!3.5
Stopped in today with a group of co-workers to order take out. Pretty excited there is a gyro place right around the corner now! You order at the counter then sit down and they bring you your order. Lots of seating but the largest seating area was a 4 top..I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem to push together additional tables. 
Looking at the menu my first thought was...hm no lamb gyro? So I stuck with the lamb souvlaki sandwich. Second thought was that the service was slow...it wasn't terrible, as I realize we were waiting for 6 individual dishes..The longer I waited the more excited I got. We were standing near the kitchen while waitresses walked by us with STUFFED sandwiches, zucchini chips (which I will definitely try next time). 
Upon returning to the office, everyone was surprised at how small the sandwiches were.  Ours were definitely not loaded like the people who dined in..this was surely disappointing. I was happy that my special request was granted for no onions and extra tzatziki however let down when the last quarter of my sandwich only contained tomatoes and frozen waffle fries. 
Overall it is reasonably priced, the space is clean and bright, service was friendly. I'd definitely go back but I think I'll dine in to see if the experience is any better.Meeehhhaaa! So so I didn't care for the tzatiki it was  pretty bland. A Greek place should master this sauce, they had no coffee and the ordering system was weird. You have to go to the counter to order and the layout isn't set up for that. It got really crowded at small counter. We each got a gyro one pork and one chicken my husband loves his but I didn't care for mine. We won't be back. I was charged for an extra pita but the table next to us was not! Ugh I hate writing shitty reviews but this one deserves itAwesome Gyros!  So good I've gotten them three days in a row, and I'm thinking about going back today!  Great service and management is really accommodating.  I would recommend this gem to anyone wanting a good and hearty meal.My husband and I tried this place for the first time this past weekend. We were excited to try it because it's right in our neighborhood. We brought our one-year-old, and it was very Family-friendly. The food was delicious, the restaurant was clean, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. They even have cute little mustaches on wooden sticks as photo props by the bathrooms, which I thought was a very cute touch! We will be "regulars," for sure!Service was prompt and the food was very good! Miles apart in quality from any of the gyro food trucks if you have a few extra minutes for lunch :)Amazing Greek food in a great atmosphere. My group went here for lunch and we will definitely be back! The Spartan Warrior gyro is a thing of beauty.Delicious authentic Greek food.  Stumbled on it by accident but will make apoint to come back next time were in Philly.Loved this place! Gyros and Greek salads were both delicious! Not to mention large portionsI picked up dinner from Moustaki last night. Upon getting home and digging in, I noticed HAIR in my chicken kebob.  
I called the restaurant and explained the situation, and they told me that the "manager isn't on duty," so they couldn't process a refund... but assured me I would receive a phone call today.  
No phone call - won't be patronizing this place any longer.   
Many other great greek places in the area to visit (Zorbas and Kanella are both great).Unless you are just ordering waffle fries, or a side of lemon potatoes, which were exceptional, there is nothing worth ordering here. I went with a group of six people who all ordered different dishes and everyone was disappointed with their food. I ordered the chicken Gyro platter and the meat was dry and flavorless. I barely touched it. I just ate my lemon potatoes and waffle fries. The tomatoes in the salads were not fully ripe. The hummus was a very poor excuse for hummus, worse than store bought. My mother had the lamb, which she said was low quality meat. Our service was perfectly fine.
We were really hoping this place would be good because my folks live in the neighborhood and we wanted to support our local business, but the food is just bad and there's too much great good in Philly to justify coming back.We have been wanting to try Moustaki for a while and finally got in yesterday. The food was delicious, the service was phenomenal, the service was speedy, prices were super reasonable, and the ambiance was great. We were amazed at the amount of food that we got-they are extremely generous. We ordered the fiery feta dip which was phenomenal and the Moustaki sampler. The presentation of the Moustaki sampler was incredible and it tasted even better. We will definitely be back!Best greek food in philly, love that it's greek owned and operated, (unlike some other so called "greek" restaurants that I've tried and were just awful) but coming from a traditional greek family the food they have is just like in Greece. I was just in Greece this past summer and I was sad that I had to come home because I always miss the authentic greek food, but now I have it here. My new favorite restaurant. PS the moustaki sauce is amazing.I had heard and read great things about their gyros. Order 2 yesterday a pork platter and a chicken gyro. The meat in both was so dry it was inedible. 
Maybe it was the day but will not order from there again.This is my new go to spot! I love the Greek chicken salad. So much food! I always feel healthy and very full. My fiancé gets a platter, which is also a large portion! The lemon potatoes are delicious. I didn't really care for their hummus, but spoiled after Dizengoff.Fresh, authentic, delicious gyros and Greek food. Highly recommend you check out this great new addition the Logan Square neighborhood.I wanted to love this place as it's located right by my apartment, but I was let down. I had an order for pick up, which when I initially ordered, I asked for recommendations and their response was "I can't provide a rec because my palate is different from yours"... this led to me and my boyfriend ordering a variety of meals hoping we could find something to eat. Overall the food was fine, but what I ended up was not what I actually wanted. I'll probably come back out of convenience, but I hope we get better service next time.So this is right down the street from me and I am so glad I walked in. Loved their portions, the freshness of the food, the Service. Will come back again for sure!Ordered through Grubhub and was very disappointed. The delivery came late and must've been sitting at restaurant until we called to ask where the food was. Arrived lukewarm and greasy. Will be sticking to other Greek places next time. Go to Zorbas if you are in PhillyAndre, I just stopped over moustaki restaurant  and I had the lamb souvlaki platter with lemon potatoes,roasted vegetables with the tzatziki and pita ,and also the gyro pork sandwiches ,and let me tell it was so delicious,juicy with a lot of flavors ,I just got back from the Greek islands and it is exactly the same very enjoyable and the owner and every one are so friendly,go and enjoy the food.Have gotten take-out a couple of times. The quality of the food is excellent. Authentic (no cone of mystery meat - actual slices/chunks of recognizable stuff) and well-prepared. The pork and chicken gyro meat is well-seasoned and very tasty.
There are still a few kinks being ironed out - the take-out portions appear to be smaller than what's served in the restaurant and there was a missing pita with our last Moustaki platter order. 
Overall, a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. Looking forward to continuing to patronize as this place hits its stride.So so so delicious! Fresh ingredients, fantastic gyros and unbelievable desserts. Highly recommendAmazing food, excellent service. The pita bread was  INCREDIBLE. Huge fan and very glad we live so close! Will return and in greater number.When they first opened it was nice to have this as an option close to work but the food can be oily and the ingredients are not the highest quality.  The sampler platter is an extremely good value.  Would eat there again but wouldn't make a special trip for it.So I don't review a place until several visits.  We are talking about a mostly take out or delivery place and new place so there are always some nuances to figure out.  Those that have reviewed after one visit should reconsider and food poisoning doesn't ever occur within minutes.  Nonetheless, I've eaten here 4 times, and it get la even better with each visit.  Some dishes are better than others.  From my experience the pork gyro is totally legit.  The waffle fries and Greek sausage are pretty tasty. I'm not sold on the hummus, but their tzatziku is pretty good.   The portions are awesome.  And the people there are super friendly.  I'm happy that we have a local Greek place.One of the best Pork Gyro's I've had in a long time. Very much an improvement to the neighborhood.Waited 40 minutes for a gyro and spanikopita. It arrived cold. Served with cold half cooked waffle fries. Zucchini and Eggplant "chips" had neither - 100% squash chips. Heavily breaded and deep fried, sorta like a Squash pancake (which isn't really a real dish for a reason). Seemed like the take out orders overwhelmed the kitchen staff and guests in the actual dining hall got short shrift.This was our second trip.   The first was slightly better.  Only a 30 minute wait for 2 cool souvlakis and some tasty tzatziki on their first day.   We hoped they had gotten better in the last month. 
This trip was extremely disappointing.   We waited 55 minutes for one cold Souvlaki,  a sad piece of  spanikopita and some decent hummus.   
As local residents and lovers of Greek food, we were very excited for this neighborhood restaurant.  As entrepreneurs,  we were/ are pulling for them to make this work.   
Hopefully,  they can figure this out.   We'll wait and see.Popped in solo on spur of the moment last night. Had the veggie gyro.  Very good.  Food appears to be of good quality and freshness.   Nice, friendly service.  Good addition to the neighborhood.We ordered from here recently and really enjoyed our experience. The food was hot, delivered very very quickly, and the driver could not have been nicer. 
As far as the food goes, I would say that the meal was solid, but could have been better. We ordered the chicken slouvaki platter (with rice and veggies) as well as the hummus. 
The platter: chicken was perfectly well seasoned but somewhat dry. The rice pilaf was OK - not the spiced and well seasoned rice pilaf I have grown accustomed to with other spots. The veggies were lack luster. The roasted veggies could have used more seasoning and were too bland for taste. Overall the platter is a great deal. Tons of food for $12 + the pita that is included. 
The hummus: less creamy than a traditional hummus. That said I would still order it again. It could use a bit more spice but that's just a personal presence I guess. 
The taziki sauce that is included is outstanding too!
Overall, I would give this 3 stars based on food and an extra star for outstanding delivery service. I think the food is probably much better when you eat it there and have a chance to eat it in person!After receiving nearly a dozen menu-flyers in my mailbox, i decided to make a delivery order.  First annoying bit:  menu clarity.  What's on the vegetable sandwich, other than fries?  I don't know.  What's in the Fiery Feta Spread, other than feta and, presumably, something spicy?  I don't know.  The lack of description dissuaded me from ordering both of those.  Eggplant dip was mediocre.  Very bland and somewhat watery.  Salt and pepper improved it somewhat.  The accompanying pitas were quite good, but the dip didn't add much.  Spanakopita was good, but quite flat and the amount of dough overwhelmed the filling somewhat and made it also rather bland.  Overall, they should add a lot more flavor to things.Delicious! Fast and friendly service.  I got the lamb gyro and waffle fries.  Waffle fries was a huge serving I shared with family. Very tasty! Reminded me of Popeyes curly fries but much better.   
Gyro was great!  Lots of lamb and zsatziki sauce.Solid Greek food experience! One of the only places I've been to that serves their gyros the authentic way - with the French fries inside. Food was fresh and delicious, and one of the best tzatziki's I've ever had.Nice location within walking distance of a lot of the museums. Super-friendly staff. The menu is more extensive than I expected and there are plenty of options for those who don't eat meat. I ordered the harvest salad as well as the yogurt with honey and walnuts. The salad wasn't anything special, but the yogurt was really good. My boyfriend had a gyro and enjoyed it.This meal was pathetic. It took well over an hour to be delivered less than 1 mile away. When the delivery driver arrived, he did not apologize. On top of that, the entire meal was cold and dry. The platter is very overpriced. You do not get much meat, and the sides are laughable in terms of size. The vegetables were mushy. The hummus was bland. The Gyro was also nothing to write home about. I'm not sure how this place has this many good reviews. They won't last long in Philly with so many better Greek places around. Avoid at all costs!Ordered the lamb souvlaki and the chicken souvlaki to go. Was instead given the lamb souvlaki and a pork souvlaki. I informed them of the mistake and they offered to replace it with a chicken gyro because I did not have time wait around another 10+ min for my correct order which was the chicken souvlaki. 
The service in general was very friendly but slow and unhelpful. I was waiting for my to go order right outside the window and they didn't call my name. I went back in to check on it and it had been sitting on their counter for 10 minutes getting cold...
The food itself - the pita was thick chewy and delicious. The chicken gyro meat was tender but lacked flavor. The sauce was bland and overal the gyro was fine. I would go back for some pita and tzatziki at most. Prices were a bit steep for the quality. 
Tips: accepts credit cards, has high chairs, no steps to enter (handicapped friendly), and located right next to the museumsThere was no flavor to the food. I am writing this 20 minutes after i ate and i am sick to my stomach, literally, sick in fetal position from food poisoning. The entree was 12.99 for a chicken Slovakia so i kept eating but i regret it now. Their waffle fries were decent, the rest was not, pilaf rice was bland, lemon potatoes were disgusting, and roasted vegetables w as soggy and looked more like boiled vegetables. 
Please keep moving if you randomly pass by, i should haveThis was out of this world, great flavors and great service. So glad we stopped, definitely try the artisan pizzasI was not a fan of Moustaki, unfortunately. The hummus was not smooth, like they did not peel of the chickpea skins (which is what you need to so to make it smooth like butta). I thought the seasoning of the hummus was meh too - the roasted red pepper tasted like pasts sauce, not red pepper. I ended up throwing out the hummus it was that unappetizing imo. The feta dip tasted more like greek yogurt than feta, I did not eat that either. The tzatziki was average. The pork gyro had so much potential, but I had so many chunks of chewy, fat that it had to be 50% meat and 50% fat. The fat was not rendered so it was unappetizing and honestly inedible so I spit a lot of it out. When you did get a nice crispy piece of pork it was delicious though so it is too bad. I love that this is a local business, but I think there are better greek places by far.Ate in at Moustaki.. very clean, friendly workers and quality food. It was about $13 for chicken souvlaki: generous portions..I took leftovers home for lunch the next day. I ate with 4 other people and everybody's food looked really good. I will definitely be coming back.This was the best gyro i've ever had hands downnnn! So delicious and only $8?! I'm all here for it! I'll definitely be coming back and bringing my friends and family here. Big plus: BYOBCame Moustaki for a bite to eat and was surprised why I haven't been here sooner. I ordered their pork gyros and had a good experience ordering with the help of the cashier/server. The pork gyro was pretty bomb with their mustard sauce. The gyro cost less than $10 and it is a BYOB! 
It's right next to the Franklin Institute, so it's not too far away from Center City. I plan to visit here some time soon for another bite. 
Overall: 4 (Rounded) 
Food: 4
Service: 4
Price: 4
Atmosphere: 3This place just opened Saturday and I have been there every day this week! Great dips and fast and friendly service. LOVE the spicy Feta Dip. This is now my favorite go to lunch spot in Philly!Tonight I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Platter with Lemon Potatoes and Roasted Vegetables  and it was delicious! The skewers were larger than I anticipated and the chicken was cooked to perfection. The lemon potatoes and roasted vegetables were both seasoned deliciously and the perfect addition to the chicken. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for authentic delicious greek food. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!!The food was really good, and the price was right on for it. The staff was young and friendly, but didn't check up too often on us. You can bring in your own bottle which was a nice touch, but be aware they don't have mixers despite having some listed on menu (like OJ they didn't have), so mimosas became champagne with brunch.What a great little place!  Delicious, simple Greek food.  Fantastic value.  And they were so incredibly accommodating of our oversized party with many small children.We had the food delivered. It came quickly. The food arrived cold. The roasted mixed veggies were 99% zuchini (the cheapest of veggies). There were 2 hairs in the food. I called to report this. They refunded part of my money (why not all??)  Dinner was inedible. Never again.I really want this place to be great....I'm in the neighborhood and highly anticipated their grand opening.
On opening day, I arrived around 6pm and really didn't get much of a greeting from employees.  I was standing in front of the counter, but I might have been invisible.  Maybe they were tired?  Who knows?  Anyways......I finally ordered a Chicken Gyro w/ Moustaki sauce and a side of tzatziki sauce.  My order came to a total of $9.60.  Take out packaging is kinda cool, but presentation and size of my $9.60 sandwich was less than impressive.  As far as taste, sandwich was a little cold and dry.  Chicken could use a little more flavor.  Also, this came with a Moustaki sauce, but tasted like plain honey mustard from the super market.  There were some waffle fries in the sandwich.  It was cold and soggy as well.  Why no crunch?  And why was the fries so bitter!?
Final Thoughts:
There's some logistics they need to work out, but I can understand since that was their first day.  For instance, employee hospitality, packaging for take out (napkins, utensils, bag).....But what I really hope they improve on is the quality of their product.  I really like the setup and its really convenient to my home.  I love this cuisine but I can't justify paying close to $10 for a sandwich that just doesn't taste good.  This place has potential and I hope to revisit after a few months.  However for now, I would probably choose the gyro that's half the price from a truck in the city.First food destination on a late night in Philly, after Thanksgiving, and not a bad spot at all for what it is.
Plenty of items on the menu and all the greek staples you'd expect from Gyros to Vine leaves to Hummus to Salads.
Between 3 of my dining pals, they ordered some Spinach Pie, Tzatziki, Hummus, Gyros Fries and Vine leaves - I then ordered a Gyros Platter. 
All were pretty good, although the Hummus was a little on the dry side. This could have been easily fixed by adding an extra swizz of olive oil.
Now here's the next piece...I'm not sure if they should be rewarded for this or have a star taken away. The Gyros Fries are waffle fries topped with Pork Gyros, salad, Feta and Tzatziki - sounds tasty right? And they are! These will set you back a mere $6 bucks.
The Gyros platter is exactly the same thing, but swap the Waffle fries for boiled potatos and swap the salad for a miniscule bit of grilled veg. i.e. it's exactly the same as the Gyros Fries, but twice the price... The Gyros Fries portion is even bigger than the platter. 
SO: Foodwise, it's not bad at all. Pretty decent for a late bit.
HOT TIP: Don't bother with the platters unless you specifically want a different kind of Gyros/Souvlaki. The Gyros fries are by far the best bang for your buck, being half the price and same in size as the platters,We live right next to this place and love it! Their gyros are fantastic and oh my lord, the Moustaki pizza with feta, pepperoni, and pork gyro is to die for, I get one every couple weeks. Small place, usually not too busy, worth checking out it you're in the neighborhood visiting the Franklin Institute as it's right around the corner!I Mustache (Moustache?) you a question...why haven't you visited Moustaki yet? Sorry for the lame attempt, but really, this place is legit. 
Lamb Gyro: Holy 28,384,390 pounds of meat. Not really, but it was close. It is such a good deal. The lamb itself was a solid 4 stars (I've had better but only at 5* Restaurants). Really, really tasty. Overall, solid.
Greek Salad with Chicken: Tasty, too, though I preferred the lamb (On the Gyro). 
I will definitely make this a regular spot.
On a side note, I'm rating this a 4, but I keep questioning myself whether or not this should be a 5.
Great work, Moustaki!Wife and I both enjoyed our sandwiches, but they took almost 45 minutes to arrive, on a Friday afternoon when the place was only half full.  If you have the time to wait, the food is pretty good.Nice fast casual spot right near the Franklin institute. I had a lamb gyro which.was on point, very tasty! I also ordered the gyro fries which were good not great. I think they would have been better with the lamb vs the pork gyro meat that they typically come with.... the pork was overcooked and too tough for my liking whereas the lamb was perfectly cooked. Waffle fries were well seasoned and crispy, the only thing missing was crumbled feta!! I assumed that be part of any Greek fries- my mistake and I'll know to add it next time. The cheese would have tied it all together for sure and the lamb would have been a better protein option.  Delish homemade honey mustard and tzatziki for dipping. Tasty food, I'll be back for sure. Fyi- parking is kind of difficult around here!Came to this lunch spot because I randomly drove past it on an Uber once. I was pretty excited; authentic gyros are very appealing. I was kind of surprised when I saw that the gyro was pork rather than lamb. Perhaps I've been swindled my whole life eating lamb gyro but I try and keep and open mind when trying to new spots, authentic or not. I decided to go with the pork gyro plate ($14) since my coworker was getting the chicken. I found the pork to be quite salty and wasn't great value from a lunch perspective. My other coworker who got the pork gyro sandwich agreed that it was quite salty. The lattice fries that came with my plate were generic and unsalted which I found kind of weird. I tried my friend's chicken plate and the chicken was dry and uninspiring. Not sure if I'll be back to this place any time soon. The person working the counter is really nice though and they seem like good people so I hope the best for them.Awesome food with fast and friendly service. The taztiziki is awesome, highly recommend the appetizer of it with pita and cucumbers. The gyros are awesome and the meat and fries are very well seasoned. We will be back!The best yeero in philly!! The pork gyro was really good !! And exactly the same as Greece !!Holy shit! I've been looking for a place like this ever since I came back DC I'm so glad the search is over. Gyro of the Greek gods lolA dependable Greek restaurant near the parkway. We were hungry from walking around and wanted something filling, delicious, and inexpensive. Moustaki hit all three criteria. The place is BYOB and even let's you know the nearest liquor store to pick up some drinks. We split a lamb gyro and it was a bit dry but good. Our favorite was the sauce options and the fries we dipped our mustard sauce. A dependable place with not the best Greek food in the city but a nice weekday meal. We'll definitely come back and also utilize their delivery sometime.So delicious, we found this place after a day at the Franklin institute and couldn't ask for better.  Gyros were warm and delicious, some of the best pita I've had. Loved the choices. We didn't get the pizza, but we saw someone else who did and it looked so good, we would absolutely go back.3.5
It is a pretty safe option as far as gyros go, but not particularly interesting.  For example, I didn't really care for the de-frozen lattice fries on the souvlaki and the flavors were fine, just not really remarkable.  I got a souvlaki to-go, and was pretty surprised by the size (or lack thereof); it was okay because I wasn't that hungry, but it would not have satisfied me on a day I didn't eat breakfast.  The staff was pleasant, and the interior was clean and relatively inviting.  
Nothing offensive about the place, but also nothing very memorable.  In the future if I'm craving this type of food, I'd probably default to a halal cart unless I was getting lunch with a less adventurous eater.Finally!!! A go-to delivery place for Greek food/gyros. We ordered last night through their website - easy & thorough, and no GrubHub fees (yay!). I got the village salad with lamb & the BF got the lamb gyro platter with veggies & waffle fries. We also ordered dolmades & the fiery feta dip (we were hungry!). Everything was fresh & delicious! Portions were huge (we easily will get 3 meals each out of this), and the order was on our doorstep in ~30 min. No more searching & trying new places! Moustaki, you're the one for us!In an unprecedented development, Moustaki's Moustaki pizza (a square cheese pizza with pork gyro, pepperoni, and feta cheese added to it) has supplanted Stella's sausage pizza as my favorite pie in Philadelphia. It's a flavor explosion of epic proportions, the joy of discovering which moved me to tears as each bite was more delicious than the last. For some meals, food is fuel - an emotion-less experience meant to nourish and replenish, and then you move on, giving it not a second thought. Other times, the important times, the times where you realize life is truly worth living, the meal manifests as a physical and spiritual awakening that has elevated your existence and left you a better, more complete person. That's what this pizza is. 
The waffle fries are also as crispy and flavorful as you hope and they aren't afraid to get creative with their Greek-inspired topping combinations. 
To future visitors, I say:  .We've ordered from there 4 times and haven't been disappointed yet. Real gyro sandwich was juicy and flavorful. We've had the plain and nissa pizzas and love them both. Overall great quality food and reasonably priced. Great to have a new option in the neighborhood.We've been many times and order in frequently. Good gyros and good service, highly recommend it.Wow this was a pleasant surprise, I really enjoyed my meal tonight. Service was excellent and friendly. I had the Chicken Gyro platter. The Chicken Gyro meat was better than most Greek restaurants I tried, not dry at all and tasted fresh (not sitting around for hours). I really enjoyed the lemon roasted potatoes and the tzatziki sauce was freshly made and had outstanding flavor. The grilled veggies were slightly over cooked but still good. I liked that you can get regular or whole-wheat pita bread. Food was served quickly. Lots of seating inside or outside. 
Highly recommended for casual Greek food.
BKGreat delivery. Food is salty. We ordered the lamb gyros with salad. No other complaints other than being incredibly salty. We probably wouldn't order here again unless we were desperate. But the delivery and service was all a-okay.My boyfriend and I stopped here before an event at the Franklin Institute. It looks like a fast casual place where you would order at the counter but instead they seated us and took our order like a normal restaurant. We got a chicken gyro with tzatziki, lamb gyro with fiery feta spread and an appetizer order of waffle fries. The gyros had generous amounts of meat of them. The chicken was well seasoned but I liked the lamb more. The gyros had some onions and tomato but I wish they had more veggies on them.
The waffle fries were very delicious! Super crispy and the mustard sauce was great. 
Overall it hit the spot but it would be better as a fast casual place where you order at the counter. It felt odd to be served in that atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Best kept secret for gyro lovers in Philadelphia. I have eaten here a few times and have never been disappointed. The food is fresh, the meat is flavorful and the atmosphere is fun! You should definitely check this place out. They don't take them selves too seriously and I like that.I ordered lamb souvlaki and expected a skewer with the meat like the picture on their menu. It came as a gyro in a pita and tasted like beef and was extremely gristley. Gross. I couldn't eat it.YUM! The best gyros in town love this place. I also enjoy the platters as they offer a good variety of different types. The salads unfortunately I believe are over priced for what they are....but hey are great.Food is normally fresh and really good. Tonight I was very disappointed. When I called to state my issue I was told the message will be passed to a manager with no intention to correct. Probably sure the person I spoke with tonight (October 15 2019, 8:30pm) didn't expect a review but I felt compelled due to the lack of care in his response. The salmon inside the gyro was over cooked and had sticks or bones that made me cough up and the fries were beyond soggy. The Spinach pie was burned on the edges and over cooked. The potatoes were almost mushy and the vegetables were mushy and over done. I would have been happy with an apology and some sort of redo or credit for some other time.Sooo good! Lamb gyros are amazing and fresh. Their Nutella honey cakes are melt in your mouth good. Their humus is fresh and has a nice citrus garlic bite! It was delish! Their waffle fries are sooo good and crispy! 
Yum!
JasTried the lamb sandwich but was disappointed. Overall very bland, the meat needed more salt and seasoning. Have had better from food trucks.For the price this is a find. Previously I had only had the dolmas. Today I had the salmon which was cooked perfectly. And a generous portion.  Accompanied with tasty lemon potatoes and perfectly roasted veggies. My friend really like her chicken skewers. For GF a good choice. No marinade put on meat. Avoid fries as they do put one breaded item in the fryer.I had lunch there this afternoon, and I'm glad I did! I ordered a Lamb Gyro that was stuffed with tender, perfectly seasoned meat, creamy tzatziki, tomatoes, red onions, and a few French fries as well. Everything a Gyro should be at a reasonable price.Bravo to my fellow Helenes. Good informal gyro spot. Gyros are prepared according to tradition. They were decently priced especially for the meat you get. I'm not exactly sure why the other reviews are talking about quality (you can't tell... stop) when the price of this place is less expensive than most Halal trucks. Quality is good. Meat was moist. 
Server was great. Greek businesses always provide the best service. Not a surprise. 
Two criticisms though: loukaniko (sausage) is not a real Thessaloniki loukaniko but I can't knock them for not being able to get that. Also, chairs are uncomfortable, but that could just be my Greek thighs. LOLGood Greek food. Good service. Wonderful atmosphere with the doors open. Didn't realize they had outdoor seating until we left but it was nice and open with the doors and windows open. Gyros were great. Kid friendly too. A bit loud.Until recently this was the only really good Greek gyro place I could find locally. I am Greek and when I used to have a hankering for a nearly authentic gyro we would drive here. However when we drive here a few days ago we were disappointed by the poor quality of the pork. The pieces were too thick and a bit too fatty.