Great place to get Thai food if the craving strikes. They have good specials, including a $13.95 3-course special that gets you a soup, appetizer, and entree that I chose on Sunday. The pumpkin soup and vegetable dumplings are awesome and hearty/packed with flavor. For the entree, I chose a pork chop + peanut curry that was just ok. I've come here several times and the meat is always dry, and that was no exception for the pork chop either - but you get what you pay for. However the sauce and accompanying veggies were delicious.waste of time - unless you're super lazy and live close by- this is a place to skip. 
i just feel that there are way better thai options that are BYO and close by.Great neighborhood spot. Love the ambiance and feel to My Thai - it's intimate and cozy. Perfect for a date night. I honestly think I've only ordered one thing besides the chicked pad thai, but I've enjoyed that dish so much it's my go to. Staff is very friendly and the portions are plentiful  - I'm always taking extras home.stopped in for takeout on a sunday night and was happy with our choice.  i ordered pad thai with chicken instead of shrimp, spicy.  while we waited the staff was very kind and offered us water which was refilled twice during our short (maybe 10 minute) wait.  when i got the bag, i was impressed by its weight and i was equally impressed when i opened it - a very large portion for $12.95.  there was a very reasonable amount of juicy chicken and tofu throughout the noodles.  the lime wedge helped to kick up the flavor and the spice level was spot on perfect.  i stopped eating half way through the dish and felt like i hadn't touched it when i looked at my plate - so excited for the leftovers today!Very friendly waiters. I used a coupon and did not get bad service as a result. They even gave me another one when after I paid. I got the Him-ma-pan and it was excellent, and the waiter gave me extra chili powder to make it as spicy as I wanted. Very satisfied.Pleasant, friendly ambience with average quality food in adequate portions.My Thai gets my vote for consistency.  We've eaten there for over ten years, only once getting a second-rate meal.  I've eaten better Thai food, but this is always good in a pleasant room with wait-staff who listen.Had a great dinner here.  I enjoyed everything, especially the Thai sausage, which I had never tried before, which reminded me of a slightly spicy andouille. The pad thai was yummy, but I was sorry they didn't have pad see ew on the menu. My companion enjoyed their sliced beef and ginger.  
I would recommend the place to adults. I brought along a baby and the highchair they gave us was functional, but old and had been repaired.  The bathroom was small, so it was awkward to change my little one, and I ended up just using the floor. I did think it was nifty that I passed an old fireplace on my way to the bathroom, it reminded me of how old the neighborhood is.I love Thai but I really did not like this food.  The place borders on eclectic versus odd and stuffy.  I would have to go with the later.  It was practically empty when I was there.  My date got a curry chicken and the chicken was so dry he could barely eat it.  We both got eggrolls and while they weren't bad, they simply weren't very good.Great neighborhood place!  Very authentic, with solid, courteous service and a good menu.  We have done both dine-in and take-out and both can't be beat.Decor: Comfortable atmosphere
Food: Pumpkin Soup was absolutely delicious and a good enough reason to return. The rest of the food was very tasty as well. 
Price: Reasonable
Service: Friendly
Great place to take a date. Easy to conversate and hear yourself. 
Girlfriend says "best Thai place she has been to"I went here a long time ago and remembered it not being very good. Either this place got way better or my memory has failed me.  The interior was cozy, it was not very crowded, the food was deilcious & cheap and the service was friendly.
My friend asked in Thai if they could make this special salad and they said it was no problem.  It was a delicious mix of clear glass noodles, greens, broccoli, and marinated chicken in a spicy sauce.  
Pad thai: Looks bland and the noodles appear to be chopped up, but very flavorful and good.  Not greasy at all and the noodles were cooked perfectly.
Spicy shrimp with bamboo shoots: Outstanding.  I never realized how great bamboo shoots were.  They were sauteed in an amazing basil, pepper-garlic sauce.  
The total was only 50 bucks with 2 glasses of house pinot grigio.  Happy to find a great Thai place in the GHO neighborhood!The Pad Thai was spectacular. Fresh vegetables, thin noodles, great flavor.Heard a lot of really good things about this place, but nothing really special.  It's not very spicy, and doesn't have a lot of basic curry dishes you would expect from a traditional thai restaurant.  Ultimately decent food, yet rather bland.There are a lot of Thai places in the neighborhood and I found My Thai to be just ok.  I got Pad Thai takeout so I can't speak on the in dining experience.  The staff seemed very nice though in the limited interactions we had.
My Thai is a little pricier than other Thai places in the neighborhood, so I was expecting their food to blow me away.  The pad thai was good, not great.  The noodles were overcooked, so they were mushy and broke apart easily.  It was sparse on peanuts, onion and beansprouts.  There was no tofu, which I thought was listed on the menu (I could be mistaken though).  On the positive side, the shrimp were plentiful and well cooked and the flavorful and heat was there.
I'd probably try this place again for it's 3-course special menu on weekdays, but for take out I think I can do better at similar joints in the neighborhood.My Thai is a gem of a find. The kitchen is always accommodating to your taste. It's quaint & just the right size. Since discovering this place in 2013 I've recommended it to many friends. And while not being a local, I have to say, there are many locals who go there so that's a major bonus.I had the three course meal. Wonton soup was tasteless and stuffed with cabbage, salad was dank and lifeless and the main course which was grilled chicken was dry, tasteless and had an order of over boiled cabbage on the side. The sweet and sour sauce was nasty. Overall I could taste no Thai flavors. Food terrible.Last week, we went to My Thai for the first time.  The wait staff was very friendly and helpful in suggesting dishes that we'd like (they have a lot of diverse options on their menu). We enjoyed the pumpkin soup, which the waitress brought us to sample, excellent portioned entrees with authentic taste, and ginger ice cream for dessert! Overall, we were very happy with our experience and will definitely be back.This is my favorite Thai place in the city and actually one of my very favorite restaurants.
The food there is AMAZING! Everything I've had there is great.
Love all of their soups immensely. Favorites are the Pumpkin and My Thai soup. 
Their Pad Thai is fantastic - it is really awesome! You get lots of food, generous portions either Chicken or Shrimp!  Also love their other chicken and shrimp dishes with curry (both red and green) 
Their 3 course meals are a wonderful way to try their food. Love their salads, especially the Thai peanut salad.
They have the BEST Thai creme brulee I have ever had!
Staff there is wonderful - Leo, Amy and Tina make sure that you're well taken care of when you go there to eat.
The owners are great too - very nice, warm and caring people that want to make sure you enjoy your meal.
Highly recommend this place to eat ... Enjoy!Stopped in My Thai last night. 
I should preface this by saying I hear everyone say "there's no good Thai in Philly" and I've some Thai that I thought was really good so I might not be the best reviewer. Take this as an amateur's view.
At 7:00 on a Friday night the place was pretty much empty, only one table of two. The atmosphere is very cozy and quaint, as reviewer said below, it is like dining in someone's living room. 
The help was very friendly. 
My fiance got the Pad Thai and I got the Hi-Ma-Pan shrimp and chicken. We also shared and order of spring rolls. 
The food was good, solid. The Pad Thai was good, not a peanut apocalypse like others I've had. My Hi-Ma-Pan was also very good, it was marked as "very spicy" but I didn't think it was. The spring rolls were excellent. 
I see the reviews are sort of hot and cold on this place, I actually might not have tried it except that I got a recommendation from someone I really trust. I am glad we did. 
The only thing keeping this at 3 stars instead of 4 is the price. Two dishes, one app = around $38.00 and for that I would expect something a little more exciting.Pricey for Thai food, but the food is delicious and I like the cozy atmosphere.  I also have to share that the staff and owners are very friendly, cordial, and want to make sure that patrons are happy.  My favorite is the Thai Red Curry Chicken.  Their Spring Rolls are also delicious.  We are regulars here!Great neighborhood spot that also delivers! The food and service has been superb each time, and the Weekly Special is such a great deal.Best penang curry I had in Philadelphia so far. Make sure to order an extra side of rice, they are a little bit stingy like that.granted, i've only tried the pad thai here, but ive taken friends and all i've gotten are great reviews.  After four years in St. Louis where there were literally 3 (now 4) thai restaurants within 2 blocks of each other, ive had my fair share of good and bad thai food.  this is the first time i've actually tasted the dish the way its supposed to be done (or at least how i like it).  Slightly spicy and yet sweet, if i ever get a craving I always come back here.Food is fine. Not spectacular. The silverware ous quite dirty which isn't very reassuring. I did like my pumpkin soup and ginger chicken. Chicken was a bit salty.I ate here one time about 18 months ago.  Service was great and the Thai ladies who served me were very cordial and friendly.  Food was only so-so - and now the Thai Chef is in business there is really no reason for me to go to My Thai,
However, I will say that Thai food is not as abundant in Philly - so I am glad they are here as they do meet a need - but I am still on a quest for truly awesome Thai in Center City - there is some great Thai in the Suberbs.
Maybe I should have given them 4 stars?  But that really is pushing it.This place is okay - but is definitely not one of the best thai places I've had. It's very convenient for me, and I always get their vegetarian pad thai. They give large portions, enough to make it last for two meals! It's pretty standard thai fare, and is a good place for something quick and on-the-go.Best curries I've had in Philly, and the best service as well.  Waiter knows us by name and gives us a discount every time we eat there.  Fantastic!  Would be 5 stars, but the rest of the entrees (apart from the curries) are just mediocre.My husband and I want to really like My Thai.  It is close to where we live, and we love Thai.  Unfortunately, we were somewhat disappointed (again) tonight.  Our waitress was friendly and mostly attentive, but the food was only so-so.  We both ordered  the house salad.  For $4.95 it was a bit lacking.  It had lettuce and a couple of pieces of vegetables along with a house dressing.  The dressing was OK, but it did not sing to us.
For an entre we both ordered Pad Thai (it was the hankering for Pad Thai that sent us to My Thai tonight).  We both agreed that we have had better (including one I made a few months ago).  It was lacking depth of flavor.  We also like it hot, so we asked for and received something to spice up our dishes.  The waitress brought us Serrachi and a spice (in separate dishes).  The spice was potent (and she did not know the name of it), but the Serrachi was a nice addition.  The portions of pasta were generous, so I took a lot of it home for lunch tomorrow. (P.S. The Pad Thai comes with either shrimp or chicken, but for an extra $2 you can get both.)
The wine choices are very simple.  You order a type of wine (for example, we ordered a Chianti), and they bring whatever bottle they choose.  It was OK, but I think they could have offered more options.  The good news is most of the wines were $24.  (NOTE: The do the tax on the wine and the tax on the food separately, so don't be surprised when you get the bill.)
I know we were there on a Tuesday night, but there was only 1 table there when we arrived at 6PM, and only 1 other table arrived while we were eating dinner.  There were 2 take-out orders.  I am not sure it will survive.My Thai was a huge disappointment.  After reading the reviews and receiving a personal recommendation, I was pumped to try this place.   The green curry shrimp was recommended so we split that as an appetizer.   The flavor was great but the shrimp were extremely overcooked and were tough and chewy.  I ordered the My Thai  Duck as my entrée.  I figured if it was named after the restaurant it should be a decent pick and I generally love all duck when prepared with Asian spices.   Unfortunately the dish was a total disappointment.   The sauce was thick like molasses and lacked flavor.  The duck itself was chewy, dry and had no flavor.   We were surprised to see that Pad-See-Eew was not on the menu given it a very popular noodle dish found in every Thai restaurant I have ever been to.  They did oblige us and made their version of the dish.  The dish was below average but I can't be too critical about that given that it was not on the menu.   I was pretty critical of Sawatdee on South Street but that place is 10 times better than this one.  Until I find something else it will be Sawatdee when I need a Thai fix.First visit and the experience was as expected.  The food was definitely homemade such as the pumpkin spice soup (I'll be back for another bowl this fall.). The staff was very friendly and completely answered all questions (had many) on how the dishes were prepared, how spicy and overall flavor.  I recommend the chefs tasting for newbies like me.   Soup was a hit, salad average portion but the homemade dressing was delicious.  I had the stir fried chicken special and friend had the BBQ chicken.  My dish was tasty and I ate the whole thing.  The BBQ chicken was on the dry side.  It was on a grill too long for my taste..  $24 dollars for two people: appetizer (shared), soups, salads and entrees was def decent for Philly.  Again, nothing over the top if that is what you are looking for.  I will try it again to sample another new dish as I eat my way through Philly.Had dinner at My Thai last Saturday night because we couldn't get in anywhere else without a reservation. The food was good, but did not blow us away.
My fiancée and I did the three course special. The My Thai soup was very good. My salad and entree were not especially flavorful. Dad got the half roasted crispy duck and seemed very happy with it. He also enjoyed the shrimp soup. I would say those were the two highlights out of our four dinners.
Since its a neighborhood spot for us, I am sure we will return. They have coupons in the "Entertainment" book, so I'd imagine next time we'll be armed with a coupon. Worth a shot if you are into Thai and live in the Graduate Hospital neighborhood.This is my go-to take out or delivery Thai place.  It is ALWAYS delicious (especially the pad thai, chicken coconut soup, and the thai curry).  I just really love it.  I would eat there more, but their drink selection is pretty weak -- I would prefer it just to be a BYOB then you wouldnt be so limited.  The service is pretty fantastic whether you are there, picking up, or getting delivery-- Best Thai food in Center City!Good service, good food. We all ordered from the 3 course menu. I had the pumpkin and chicken soup for starters, which was a very nice mix of textures and flavors. Sweetness of the squash with the spiciness of the chicken, combined both firm and blended squash. I may be a little biased (I love all things pumpkin), but this was definitely a hit.
Second course was the yum salad. Fresh greens and decent dressing, but nothing special. 
Third course was a pork chop with sweet & spicy curry and pineapple. Again, it was nice - well cooked pork chop, nice side of vegetables, decent sauce - but overall I just wasn't blown away. My girlfriend had the basil shrimp with green beans, which I tried and really liked. I might have been happier with that than the pork chop. The server rated the spiciness a 4 out of 5, which was a little too much for my girlfriend but just about right for me.This has been my favorite restaurant since I was 14 years old (15 years ago). The food is delicious, and the staff is incredibly friendly - they know me when I come in, and are extremely welcoming to me and accommodating when I have large groups of people. The spicy pumpkin soup is legitimately the most amazing thing I have ever tasted, and everything else I've had there is similarly terrific.
You wouldn't know from the outside that My Thai has a wonderfully calm and warm ambiance to it - if the owner happens to see this, I think it would be a wonderful idea to consider redecorating the outside of the building so that people know this isn't just another "hole in the wall" restaurant. Whenever I bring friends here, they are always so surprised by how nice it is; I want My Thai to stay in business forever, and I think you'd get a lot more patrons inside if you put some more attention to the outside.Great restaurant! So many options, each stand on their own. It is the most adorable place past the slightly strange facade. Inside is cozy and intimate with soft lighting and plush seating perfect for a night out in the colder months. But it's also great for ordering out soups- I have a few times when I've been sick. Mmm
You won't regret checking it out!I get take out from My thai pretty often and it is a great neighborhood spot. 
I had always been a loyal orderer of chicken pad thai and when i moved to the neighborhood I have to say I was disappointed by My Thai's pad thai. The pad thai is pretty bland but if you are in the neighborhood there are no other thai places that close so its worth if it you are having a pad thai craving.
After being bored with their Chicken Pad thai, I decided to try and new thai dish and ordered the red chicken curry and I am so glad I did. The Red Chicken Curry here is amazing. They give you a nice size portion that is difficult to finish for one meal. I am not a person that likes spicy food and whenever I order the curry and ask for it to be mild they are always able to accommodate me which I always appreciate.  For spicy food lovers, I have ordered with people who enjoy spicy food and they were also very satisfied with their meal.
This is a good neighborhood spot to grab take out from. They also have a sit down restaurant inside which never seems to be too crowded,I want to like My Thai, in fact it's fine and certainly comparable to any other Thai place in Philly but the food just doesn't quite hit the spot. Service is always good and at the very least, they are consistent.This place is ... not good. The pad thai was massive, so we took it home after, but only to use the noodles as base for something else.
It was totally empty when we went (one person came in for take out), and due to my total confusion over BYOB, I'm actually grateful when i find restaurants that serve booze. Alas, the drinks were less than stellar, the food, lame. 
I'm just getting used to the neighborhood, but it's easy enough to decide we won't be back.Been here twice with my friends so far and both times have not disappointed! The little place looks sketchy when you walk in with the iron gates but once you get inside, you feel like you're transported to some Asian oasis with the color scheme and table settings. I can't help but admire the work they put into the surrounding. The food is also great so how can you complain? I've gotten their Panang curry with duck and the curry is SO good - it tastes like duck but also has a huge punch of peanuts (which I love). I've also gotten their red curry and it's equally delicious but my favorite is still the Panang curry. The staff are so nice and accommodating. My friend had a dish that was too spicy and she didn't want to say anything but eventually she did and they ended up remaking the dish for her without any complaints and no evil eyes (which is something I abhor but is understandable). I am very curious to try their happy hour special since it seems like that deal is the best bang for your buck. Sadly, they don't serve the panang curry with that but their other curries are equally delicious so no complaints there!So far I'm not impressed with Philly's Thai food offerings. The food really wasn't that good - it seemed rather Americanized, and the sauces were bland. It was expensive for what they served. The service was decent...but it didn't make up for the expensive and unexciting food.I've tried here a few times, but I felt the need to review after tonight's dinner.
I normally get the green curry, which is tasty, but they don't give you a lot of rice. My husband ordered chicken pad thai and was not expecting the inquisition that followed. Apparently, if you order anything but shrimp with the pad thai, you have to answer questions of "why?" and "are you allergic?" I also don't like tofu so I ask for no tofu for the curry, and also got "well, why?"
I don't feel I should have to answer these questions. Why did it take an extra 5 minutes to order something as simple as chicken pad thai? When we got the pad thai the noodles were in somewhat of a square shape...like it came from a box. It wasn't very good either....if a thai restaurant can't do decent pad thai, that doesn't bode well.
I will not be returning. Plenty of other places to eat.
Oh, and there was a hair in the food.The food is really good (green curry and spicy basil chicken were both very good) and, in my opinion, deserves 4 stars.  While the service was fine, and there are some cool decorations inside, the whole place has a musty smell and the floors are slanted...
Basically, I think I'd order takeout from this place again, but I wouldn't recommend it for dining in.Went here with my fiancé and friend Jeffery from the coin show here in Philadelphia. We came here on 8/16/2018 & 8/17/2018.
My fiancé, Rachel and I are from Kansas. This place is so incredibly good we came two nights in a row. Their Long Island ice tea is very tasty and unique; we believe it has a nice splash of OJ.
Hands down the won ton soup is wonderful with delicious chicken broth, won ton/dumplings with pork meat, mushroom and cabbage.
The absolute best is the peanut sauce with spring rolls. I could eat the peanut sauce with vanilla bean ice cream. The cream brûlée is INCREDIBLE!! 10/10!!
We tried several different dishes and spent nearly $300 in two days (We got a LOT of food).
Sad we won't be back for a while but hope this restaurant continues to please others and prosper.Philadelphia has pretty sub-par Thai food compared to Los Angeles, and well, Thailand for that matter.  Unlike Pattaya (in University City), however, this place is actually pretty good.  They have a decent sized menu, with lots of delicious fish options.  They also serve beer and have an AMAZING staff.  The people who run this business know how to treat customers and are very prompt and courteous.  The decor inside is warm and charming.  Also, the place is quiet and peaceful.  There isn't a large and raucous vibe here--it's a great place to go if you want a quiet, friendly, and delicious Thai meal in Philly!If you like sweety, you can have a try of soup. BUT I DON'T like this Thai restaurant. It didn't match my impression of Thai food.Very good food and service. My best Thay experience so far. The vegaterian options are great. The Pad Thai as well. I've been there twice and felt full and very statisfied each time.We tried My Thai the first day they came back from their summer vacation. This may not have been the best idea, since they were packed and service seemed a little overwhelmed/slow so we were there for about 2 hours!, but that was really the only downside of the evening.
Aside from that, the staff was very friendly, and the place has a really cool neighborhood-y feel. They have a nice sized menu, with a lot of authentic dishes and a few old faves thrown in. The food was really good, we had the dumpling sampler, pad thai, and a curry rice bowl. My favorite part, however, has to be in the menu where they several times remind you that "we can make dishes less spicy, but curry cannot be made not spicy".Good pad thai! Great service and no wait. Cute little inside I will definitely be going back.Very good food and attentive service. Portions can improve especially for the price.They are knowledgeable about gluten free dishes. When I'm craving Thai I just pop around the corner for some tasty Massaman curry.THE BEST THAI FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD. Not just in Philadelphia, but ANYWHERE.
I am a Pad Thai fanatic. I like it perfect, I like it thick and plump and loaded, and this place delivered. And you often get this pad Thai from places with these dinky depressing little freeze dried shrimp. I got big, juicy REAL shrimp on this. Seriously. I've never, EVER had better.
Read my reviews here on Yelp. I can be a BITCH if I don't like service or food. I will nail it DOWN. My average review is 2 stars. This place, I would give it 20 stars if I could. It's just phenomenal.I went to My Thai recently with a friend and was relatively happy.  My experience with Philly's Thai food has been a little disappointing, and My Thai had some definite pluses that other places haven't.  
First, the service was friendly.  We were lost in conversation and ended up hanging out for over 2 hours, long after we finished, and service didn't hurry us along, or act like we were in the way (the place wasn't super crowded, so we weren't sitting at a table someone might have been waiting for).
Also the red curry was actually spicy--not sadly sweet and bland like in too many places.  No complaints about my request for tofu and veg either.  
Red curry is a good thing to get right, but I do like appetizers too and sadly the veggie spring rolls were sort of mushy and generally not so appetizing.
Bottom line: service, location, and spicy curry count for a lot to me, so I'll be back.  But I'm going to keep searching for the best thai Philly has to offer.I am very grateful for My Thai.  I live in the area, and when we first moved into the neighborhood it was awesome to have a Thai place so close that we could pick up from (or get quick delivery on super lazy nights).  Now, I am even more grateful, because when my gf and I went vegan MT assured us our go-to Thai place was still there for us.  The staff is clearly knowledgeable about vegan modifications, and they are more than happy to adapt any dish to suit our new veg-only needs.  The vegan pad thai is awesome, and the tofu soup is always warming and delicious.  They even made us vegan summer rolls!  Which, let's face it, are mainly a vessel for peanut dipping sauce, and MT's doesn't disappoint.  In sum:  yummy Thai food that is both veg and GF friendly.  Awesome spot.Red curry was awesome and included sone atypical, but delicious veggies like eggplant and squash. I loved the flavor. Pad thai with shrimp and tofu was also scrumptious and flavorful. Good portions and service. Decor a bit dated, but cozy.If I could give six stars, I would. This place was absolutely unreal. 
The prices would make you expect a fairly average experience, but you get so much more than what you pay for. The food is unbelievable, and there are so many options it's very easy to find something you'll love. 
The staff is also knowledgeable and can help make recommendations based on what you like. They can also help you make sure you don't order something too spicy to handle! 
The desserts are really great too. I got to try several of them. The creme brûlée was probably the best I've ever tried. The flavor was so good. The ice cream was great too. I got to try the ginger and the matcha. I'm not a huge fan of tea so I didn't think I would like it, but it was great. 
My fiancé and I ended up going there twice while we were in Philadelphia. It was too good to pass up. I got to order something different both nights, and there was still more on the menu that I was interested in. We will definitely be coming back next time we're in town!This is one of my favorite restaurants of any kind in the city, have been going there for years.  Consistently excellent food.  Strange thing is, first time I ate there I did not like what I got.  But later tried some of the other dishes and loved them since, esp. the "gang ped" and the shrimp and chicken w/ peanuts.  The service is great, everybody is very friendly.  Someone else noted it is like being in a friend's house and that is right.  If you ask for something extra-spicy they will not hold back!My Thai serves fine Thai food, and I have ordered from them several times. I went in for take-out recently, and the waitress was very short and unpleasant when I asked a simple question about what vegetables would come in a vegetarian Pad Thai. I served tables for years, and tend to give servers the benefit of the doubt, but this person wasn't even trying to hide her disdain. I would order out from this restaurant, but I wouldn't risk dining in if that is the kind of treatment one can expect.21 years of service came as a total surprise until we took a second look at the carpets and decor, and then it seemed like it could have been a lot longer. beautiful brown tapestries, quaint statuettes, and bountiful liquor selection camouflaged atop an antique armoire. located just a few blocks from one of my favorite pals, auggie, i never would have guessed such delicious thai was right around the corner from her house. get the thai salad and the pad thai and the red curry with loads of veggies, and finish it off with homemade coconut ice cream. they gave us a coupon at the end so i'm going back for more ice cream prob tonight or tomorrow. auggie loves ice cream.Second time around, not the best experience. Duck red curry- Duck was DRY and overcooked, though red curry sauce was very good (and spicy hot!). Swordfish with Green Curry Peppercorn sauce was okay, but swordfish was dry and overcooked. Sauce did not blow us away. Food was just okay. Service was friendly, but absent. Had to ask for water refill, rather yell from a distance as the servers were in the back talking loudly with each other. Had to ask loudly for the check to leave too. Overall, I'm disappointed since the first time at My Thai was so good!If I were to rate the service and the friendliness of the staff I'd give four stars.  This is a comfortable restaurant albiet pretty gaudy in it's (over)use of fabrics on EVERYTHING - including the bathroom (which is also about 1000 degrees so beware if you're using on a hot day).
While the food was good (and the quality seemed fine) it just didn't blow me away.  Or really even impress me much.  It's rare that I finish all of my food in a restaurant and I did here b/c the portions aren't that big.  I thought it was really weird that 1/2 way through the meal our server came around and asked if we'd like an extra scoop of rice (which was an extra dollar).  Why if you're already charging $15-17+ for an smallish entree would you charge an extra dollar for rice?   Either put more on my plate to start or just give me more rice.  I'm not being cheap...I just thought it was bizarre, I mean is a dollar really going to help you that much when we're  the only table in the entire restaurant?!?
If I lived in the neighborhood and was looking for some take-out Thai to go with my latest Netflix delivery, I'd probably go back (heck, I could make my own extra scoop of rice at home to accompany the small portion they give) BUT, I'm not sure I'd come back for any other reason.
BTW, they don't have highchairs so if you're taking a kid, you might want to try somewhere else.New Thai spot opened up in Bensalem. Tried a few apps and entrees. Definitely hit the spot. Friendly staff and good food. You should check it out.This food was not very good.  The Pad Thai was bland, the shrimp tasted fishy, the tofu was raw, and the dish was oily rather than peanuty.  Ginger chicken was okay and the My Thai soup was good.   The menu is very Americanized and many traditional Thai items (such as Pad See Eew) are missing. 
The wait staff are very friendly and attentive, but they could not save this meal.Although it is in my neighborhood, I don't really enjoy this Thai restaurant. One thing I cannot stand is that the utensils are not clean. There was food stuck in the fork. Food is so so compare to other Thai restaurants in the city.Awesome flavor and decor leads to a grate night @ my Thai restaurantThis is a pretty serviceable Thai restaurant.  I had a coconut chicken soup and a sardine salad, probably for $10 total.  I'd recommend the soup, which was very flavorful.  The sardine salad, not as much, but it was okay.
Nothing to really write about food-wise for me, but the music was another thing entirely.  It is the most noteworthy thing about this restaurant.  Anyone else can reply and tell me if this is always the case, but when I was there, the music being looped was a slow, minor key piano ballad which might've been all over 60 seconds long, and kept going and going.  It sounded like what you hear in soap operas when characters exchange sly, suspicious glances. Has anyone else heard this?This is the best Thai Food in Philadelphia Hands down. I eat a ton of Thai food. If you love thai and your not some sort of wanna be foodie idiot then you will love this place.Great food. Great service. Homely feel and atmosphere. Bring your wife. And girlfriends. Not at the same time.Great happy specials and a cozy place with some neighborhood charm. However, the food was a little bland for my taste. The soup was the only exception, that was amazing! If your looking for something different in the area, then try this place. Or if you are not into spicy food, but still want to try Thai food, check this place out. I, myself, would prefer something more flavorful!Try the peanut curry!! It is delicious. The pad thai is a little bland. The beef and cabbage salad is great but very spicy! Nice interior and well priced, it is never that crowded on the weekends I've been there so I don't think reservations are necessary.Solid service. Good Food. 13.95. 17 on Saturday. Go and enjoy yourself.We get take out from My Thai often, and we usually order Pad Thai.  The portion is quite large.  We can order one and an appetizer (either the dumplings or veggie rolls) and it is plenty of food for both my husband and me for dinner.    This makes it very reasonable for a take-out dinner options.  The food is pretty good...  It is not the best Thai food I've ever eaten, but it is on par with most other Thai restaurants we've tried. 
The staff is always super friendly!  I never feel like they don't have time for a take order.We are regulars at this wonderful little restaurant - very charming and traditional - amazing Spicy pumpkin soup ....the best I have Ever had - mmmm the green curry chicken is my favorite - service is great!!! They also do take out which is a great option (we use this a lot) not pricey at all the price is just right $Went here last week, very disappointing.
Entrees: pad thai and shrimp panang curry
The panang curry had good flavor, but the portion size was on the very small side for a $15 entree... mostly vegetables and sauce, not much shrimp or even rice for that matter
The pad thai was probably the worst i've had..... the overall flavor of the dish was just ok, but what got me was how unbearably dry it was... the chicken was just boiled chicken pieces, no flavor. (Maybe they had someone new back there in the kitchen... other reviewers seem to love their pad thai but this was nowhere close to any other pad thai I've had.)
I asked for sauce to accompany the dish and I was brought some kind of sauce that resembled watery chinese duck sauce, but it was so spicy I could barely put any on the noodles so that was useless. (and I do enjoy spicy foods)
Anyway, won't be going back here again.This is one of the few good Thai restaurants in downtown Philadelphia.  They have been around for over a decade and despite the mixed reviews I  would not hesitate to have dinner at My Thai.  The atmosphere is cozy and the staff is attentive.We love this place and come fairly regularly.  The pumpkin soup is fabulous!  The service is wonderful and it has a nice peaceful ambiance.  They also do takeout.  Great little neighborhood spot!Went for dinner on a Wednesday night and the place was empty.  A lot of people stopped in for take out though.  I have been to Thailand so I'm always looking for a new Thai place to try, and My Thai is in my neighborhood.  
I had a Thai iced tea, good but in a very small glass.  I started with Tom Ka soup which was excellent.  For my entree I wanted Pad Se Ew, but that wasn't on the menu.  In fact many Thai food staples seemed to be missing.  I decided to try their Pad Thai instead.  It was solid and had a good amount of spice.  Not the huge portion you usually get, I was actually able to eat almost all of it. 
I asked if they mango with sticky rice for dessert, but the waitress said they only have it when mango is in season.  
I was given a coupon that I can re-use for 15% off.  That was nice, and the service was great.  I plan on becoming a regular because its so convenient.OMG, I haven't had Thai food that tasted this Thai, since I lived in Bangkok last summer.
Seriously.
I first ordered tom yum goong soup - it's a staple in Thailand, and I'd grown to love it - the spiciness of the chili making my nose run and the fragrance of the lemongrass comforting me at the same time.
I asked for the soup extra spicy, knowing full well that "spicy" Thai food in America can't compare to the sweating-over-the-red-pepper that happened when I was in Thailand. 
It was like I had been transported right back to Thailand, tasting the complexity of so many flavors.  I ordered the soup with a side of rice and was really, really impressed with the quality.
For my meal, I strayed from authentic Thai food and just ordered grilled salmon with a special curry sauce on the side.  The salmon was really tasty and the sauce was delicious, but not as spicy as it would have been in Thailand.  Still, it was a great touch.
Bottom line: amazingly authentic taste, really wonderful service, and a cozy atmosphere.  Our server gave us 15% discount cards that you can use over and over until 12/31 which was nice. I will definitely be back.The best thai place in the city hands down, I won't even bother eating thai food anywhere else. I only wish they delivered!
(Chicken pad thai is AMAZING, the best I've ever had)A nicely decorated Thai restaurant along south street. Went with a friend for dinner on a Wednesday and had their pre-fix menu. Had a chicken wanton soup, one veggie egg roll, and a spicy chicken stir-fry with veggies. Loved the sauce for the stir-fry but the veggies were very American, which was disappointing.