I finally got to try meme with my roommate. We went on a Monday, so there was a prix fixe menu. Between my roommate and I, we practically ordered everything on the menu. The food would've been great if it wasn't overly salty. I had the beef tartare for the first time and it was really good. My roommate and I did enjoy ourselves, but I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.My boyfriend took me out to Meme for my birthday dinner. I live down the street and pass it just about everyday. I haven't been dying to try Meme, but I figured since I'm moving out of the neighborhood I might as well. 
We started off with a beet salad and sizzling mussels. Both of these dishes were fantastic. The beet salad was a bit small for $10. For the main course I ordered the suckling pig and my boyfriend ordered the catch of the day. I LOVED the suckling pig. The last time I had sucking pig was in Segovia, Spain and this is exactly how I remembered it. Even though the pig was awesome, I don't really have any interest in going back because of the pricing. There are too many other restaurants that I am DYING to try!Pros:
- Fried chicken for lunch (albeit only on Thursdays), biscuit, delicious sauce, lemonade, iced tea or Miller High Life = mmmm
- Good service
- Decent food
- BYOB on Wednesdays
- Outdoor seating
Cons:
- Overpriced
- Small portions
Now, looking at this list...the pros outweigh the cons but there is just something MISSING from Meme. I was expecting a lot more and I think the main thing is that the place is overpriced for what you are getting. I am, however, willing to give Meme a second chance for dinner (and I have yet to try their Sunday brunch). Update to come.just had brunch and left a happy camper --- i will hold the croque madame up to the best of them -- better than some i,ve had even in paris ,,,, and my side of grits was wonderful
i only regret i didn,t have room for the chocolate ganche --- ah  !!!!!! to next timeI was apprehensive when Melograno first left this corner, but have been pleasantly surprised by Meme ever since the transition.
The food here is consistently yummy in my freagin' tummy.  The staff is polite and warming, with the cooks and owner being very gracious and welcoming.  They have a great brunch here as well, which somehow is never that crowded.  The corned beef hash breakfast sandwich is one of the best bites in the city.  The coffee is good, I just wish they had mugs instead of child tea-party cups.  I don't like drinking from anything that involves me only using my pointer finger and thumb, but that might just be me... some people like pretending to be giants.  The selection isn't enough to keep you coming back week after week, but that's expected from a small, locally run restaurant.The best oysters in the city.  Waitstaff who really know their wines.  I've NEVER had a meal I didn't like here.Meme is fabulous.
With a new budget in place --- a nice dinner out is something that we don't do as much as we used to...so for the hubs birthday, I decided to take a risk and try something new! 
Well I am so happy that I did. We arrived early 7ish on a Wednesday and it was somewhat empty -- but we live around the corner, so we know that is not usually the case.
Our waitress was so sweet ( I Wish I could remember her name). She was very knowledgeable about the menu (which was small, but incredible), and joked with us like an old friend. 
We have a bad habit of always wanting the same things, but usually one of us will sacrifice and order the second choice so that we can share both...buit not tonight!
We both ordered the tartare and the flank steak. 
OHH but first we had the Oysters which were probably the best oysters that I have had in Philadelphia! Delcious Delicious Delicious!
The tartare was great, served a little curried and with housemade chips.
The steak was served with marrow...instead of butter...it was like heaven. I never wantde this meal to end. I kid you not.
The cheese plate was alright..i wasn't entirely impressed, but I am kind of a  snob when it comes to cheese. 
And to top it off, they brought a little piece of heavenly ganache out with a candle in it for my darling's birthday. 
Go Now.
xooxoxIt's not BYOB anymore, they'll charge a $10 corking fee for regular bottles and $20 for megas.  The service is good, the food is good and somewhat varied (foie gras, scallops, rabbit, etc) and dessert was only ok. The atmosphere is excellent, except the tables are a little cramped together.  Great place to bring a casual date here.For my 30th birthday I wanted nothing more than to share a cozy dinner with my closest friends at a comfy BYO with some 'out of the box' fare that I wouldn't forget.  This intimate and friendly-feel spot did just that. We were seated right by the the big, bright wall-sized windows.  We started our meal with the cheese plate - among which was an amazing goat/cow cheese mix  (who doesn't love goat cheese) I couldn't get enough of.  I also knew this place was meant to be for me when I saw their bone marrow app - the "Flintstone Plate".  I've always been a fan of marrow and even get weird looks from people when I tell people I eat it.  But Mémé got it so so right with their spiced, creamy preparation!  I continued my meal with one of their specials - the swordfish with a chick pea- lentil type layer underneath.  Each bite was soft and fluffy and finished well with the bottle of white one of my friends brought . We ended our meal with our third bottle of BYO - the bubbly.   We were having such a great time and catching up that we were at the restaurant for over 2 hours.   We were told however, that there was a party waiting for our table after us.  The feeling that we were holding up another party was a bit uncomfortable - I understood but I do wish the staff had worked their other tables to seat them, however they did wait patiently when they realized we weren't leaving until after we finished our bottle of champagne!  Wonderful place though, I look forward to eatng through their menu in the future!Had a good dinner here but want to point out one thing no one else has noted -- they made us leave after two hours (which they timed to the minute), even though at least a third of the tables in the restaurant were empty!  What's up with that?? Not a great way to encourage repeat customers in a recession, guys.
Anyway ... on to the food.  Best things were the fois gras tart and the fettucine with spicy boar ragu.  Scallop was bland, and the lemon meringue tart was too, which surprised me, since so much of the cooking here involves lemons.  Wines were kind of blah -- another surprise, given the controversy over their shifting away from being a BYOB.
I'd totally go back again for those two dishes, but I'd bring a stopwatch next time and make sure I had no plans to -- god forbid -- linger.If you're a Philly foodie and you haven't been to Meme yet... go!  For whatever reason, Meme was never on our "must go to list".  But it is now!
The interior strikes the very difficult-to-achieve balance between being homey while not being cramped.  In addition to selling beer & wine, Meme allows you to BYO.   Yes, you read that right--major plus in my book!  They don't charge a corkage fee either.  
Now for the food.  We started with the bone marrow appetizer, which was divine.  I honestly think it is the best bone marrow I've ever had.  For my entree I got the pork chop and my husband got the swordfish.  Though the plates look very simple, the depth of flavor is remarkable.  The pork chop was beautifully cooked and served with kale, tomato and polenta.  It was great!  The swordfish was also phenomenal.  It came with cous cous and the most amazing lemon slice.  This is definitely top-tier food.  
If I had to voice any criticism, it would be that the wooden chairs were exceedingly uncomfortable.  All in all, though, this is an excellent restaurant and definitely one we will be returning to!Branzino was great, steak was good, not a fan of the charging for the BYO cork feeNot a big brunch person, but yesterday just worked out that way for a brunch type meal. We were excited to see that Memeserves brunch - and like all the fantastic dinner's we've had there, this was no exception!
Good coffee, great service and amazing flavorful and tasty food. The two of us ordered like we were eating for 3 - and loved every bite!
Way to go!Amazing.  From the food, to the decor, to the waitstaff to even the logo of the restaurant (done by Ralph Steadman, known for his Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas posters).  Also loved the hanging light fixtures made of forks, knives and spoons.  The restaurant was also well air-conditioned (which I like) but for those of you who are 'freezing' when it's less than 77 degrees, you should probably bring a parka and not complain (you know who you are). 
It was my chef/friend's last day here, so he sent out a lot of extra dishes for us to try so we pretty much sampled everything on the menu and EVERYTHING was amazing.  Here are some of my favorites:
Roasted Beef Bone Marrow:  Omg.  I've never had bone marrow before, but this was soo good.  My favorite item on the menu.  Deliciously flavorful.  Tasted great on the buttered crostini.  I even took the bone to go for my dog, who was extremely happy when I came home with it.
Gazpacho with crab: refreshing, delicious, with wonderful bites of lump crab. Loved the creaminess of the gazpacho as I've only had chunky ones.
Oysters: Fresh, with herbed salt and a refershing lemon kick.  Amazing.  We only sampled 2 but I could have easly eaten 20.
Grilled Swordfish: this was the special of the day.  Grilled to perfection over creamy mashed potatoes and peas with crispy herbs and capers.  Amazing.  
Chocolage Ganache Cake with vanilla gelato:  When this came out I was already so stuffed.  Just try a bite, the server encouraged.  Holy fuck it's good...so good we finished the whole thing.  The cool vanilla gelato with the warm, rich, ganache- a heavenly combination.
The server was awesome.  He's the sort of person you see yourself grabbing a beer with.  He saw how stuffed we were and told us to go home, give birth to a food baby and go to bed...and come back tomorrow!  While I may not be back tomorrow, I plan on going back very soon.  Especially for the fried chicken lunch special on Thursdays!I've been wanting to try Meme for a while now, especially after it received such a high ranking in Philadelphia Magazine's annual issue and won Best Brunch in the very same mag last month. So let's get right down to it.
The good:
- Beef Tartar appetizer ($12): really fresh, with delicious seasonings and a great mixture of ingredients. Great portion size as well
- Bone Marrow appetizer ($8): my first time trying marrow (ever!), I had a few bites of my friend's dish. I found it super buttery, and the bread crumbs used were fantastic
- BYOB: so great that they allow you to bring your own even though they also sell wine and beer, which,  I might add, was very reasonably-priced
The not-so-good:
- Orrechiette entree ($18): served with pancetta, peas and a variety of cheeses, I found the pasta to be very bland. After I added a heaping spoonful of red pepper flakes it was more exciting, but that shouldn't have been necessary. For that price point I was definitely underwhelmed. To be honest, I partially blame myself. The pasta dish is definitely not what should be ordered off a menu with so many delicious-sounding protein options.
The service was friendly and helpful, the restaurant was adorable and the food, overall, was very good. I would definitely return, maybe for one of their special tasting nights or for that now-famous brunch.I wish I could come here every Thursday for their fried chicken lunches!!! For $11 you can get 2 pieces of fried chicken, corn bread, and your choice of iced tea, mint lemonade, or a Miller High Life. They also have a side of the day, which for me was a delicious potato salad ($2) with bits of celery and olives. The chicken was amazing, the perfect crispiness on the outside and tender meat with the perfect juiciness on the inside. There's a tangy dipping sauce served on the side, which paired well with the chicken. But if you're starving, this might not be enough food.Awesome brunch. Good variety of dishes, great staff. Had the cinnamon French toast with raisins (very good), sausage gravy and biscuits (very good), and croque madam (outstanding). 
Good mimosa, great coffee, very good value. Must return often, drove 40 minutes to get there and park, is well worth it.The food was very good.  But, this rating is based upon the total experience.  
I was very much looking forward to my birthday meal with friends at Meme.  
We had a big discussion about the BYOB status before we headed to the restaurant.  After yelping and trying to figure this out online in the morning, we showed up with our bottles. Instead of making nice, we were given a bit of attitude as our waitress plunked a wine list in front of us and huffily told us that there is a $10/bottle corkage fee.   (I thought I had imagined that the staff had mocked us as we used the "wrong" door to enter- the side entrance is the official one- but, I then realized that they had been making fun of us.)
We perused the menu, we ordered.  After we were told that we "needed" to order more food, we did so.   But, in the end, we could not finish all of our "small" and "large" plates.
The waitress became nicer and nicer as it became closer to having the check delivered.  
We eat out often.  Expensive places.  Casual places.  All places.  I never have been moved to yelp.  Until now.    We work too hard for our money to go to places where we are not treated well.  I should talk more about the food, but don't feel like it.
Food A+/Staff C-
No longer a BYOB!Went to Meme for brunch. Ordered the anson mills cheese grits + poached egg, omlette of the day and two sides plus coffee for the both of us. Everything was excellent. The bacon side dish and the biscuits and sausage gravy side really sang. There is zero oil residual on the bacon which almost tricks you in to thinking it's healthful...and the biscuit was fluffy with bits of homemade sausage in the gravy. These sides were $2 each - what a steal. The entrees were very solid too. Want to try the "heart stopper" pork chop dish next time. I think they should change the name so people aren't afraid to order it...it's not like that's the only heart stopper on the menu.attended the theme dinner last night -- french grapes from italy....what a delicious way to spend the evening ,,,, banquet seating also allowed us to meet some interesting folks.... david katz,s combination of food and presentation was a beautiful sight to behold.... the wine guy ( federico dall,olmo ) gave a very informative and interesting introduction to each wine selection we were pleased to enjoy.... as you might suspect, i went home a happy camperThe Sidecar wait was too long, so we took a walk up 22nd for a less crowded, less frantic brunch at Meme. They don't do Bloody Mary's, but I probably didn't need one anyway.
croque madame - delicious, decadent, delightful. definitely do it again. Served hot in a griddle, its both crunchy and creamy.
biscuit with sausage gravy - I'm not much of a biscuit guy, and most white gravies turn me off, but this was tasty all the same. I'll have to try the homemade sausage next time.
omelet with green onion, peppers and goat cheese - Fluffy egg and creamy goat cheese worked well together, but the green onion was barely noticeable. Very tasty, with a small helping of home fries on the side.
Overall an ideal location to unwind over brunch. We'll definitely be coming back for dinner sometime soon.You can die happy after eating a meal here. (Though the dessert wasn't amazing.)Meme does brunch well. The portions are a bit smaller than I would want after working out before brunch, but everything was tasty. The service was certainly not "good" in the sense of being attentive or quick. But, since the point of brunch is to sit around, we actually found the service to be well suited to our desires.Meme was good overall but perhaps not worth the hype? The atmosphere I liked. Just like so many philly byos it is small and cozy with good/fun music. The plus or minus depending on what you want is that it isnt byo but has great wine! And they accept credit cards. For someone at a business dinner, these 2 things are huge.
Next, the food. Here is the issue a little bit. They are very creative and I appreciate how fresh things are but the menu is thus very limited and I struggled to find something to eat. I ended up getting the fish of the day. It was pretty simple and thus I wasnt really impressed. Side dishes are very important to me and part of the reason I took the fish was for the orzo. It was good, but again - not close to the best I've had. My friend had the pork per the waiter's recommendation. I liked our waiter a lot and appreciated his honesty on the best menu choices. Again, being a side dish person, I liked the sides with the pork. I'm not a huge pork eater - the bite I had was tasty but I personally couldnt have eaten it as a meal.
The starters were even more confusing. I had the endive salad which was fine. I actually thought my friend's choice of the fried brussel sprouts was better. But it has some kind of fried pork/boar with it as well which as I mentioned isnt totally my thing.
So overall it was a nice meal - not overcrowded when we were there and great staff. It is hard to say because they change the menu quite often - the one on their website looks delicious. But this time around they didnt wow me.Walk by this many times and it looks inviting. Tried it out last night via open table. Have to say I am not impressed. To check out their food had couple of different wines and some apptz. The wine was good, but the pour was stingy, almost like half as much as at other places. The steak tartar was over powered with currie, not sure why. If I order steak tartar, I know what I am getting into. No need to cover up the raw beef with something else. The octopus salad was okay, better at Dimitri's. The mussel was very disappointing, we didn't e
ven finish it. After that, we decided to go somewhere else for dinner. Would have been 2 stars, but an extra star for being a cute little place, our waitress was very attentive and for such a small place it was not loud at all.It's been a long time since a restaurant left me buzzing. David Katz's Meme had me chattering like a giddy schoolgirl all the way home. Meme is a super cool neighborhood eatery, which reminds me why I love living in Philadelphia. 
Meme is the perfect combination of fine dining,cloaked in a laid back bistro atmosphere. The friendly but chill service combined with the fine crafted food makes for a perfect night out. 
The appetizer list inspires a "I want one of everything" experience. You could leave blown away without even trying an entree. 
The entrees are no slouch either. My suckling pig with polenta was the envy of the table. I was hard pressed to share even a bite, I cleaned my plate, not leaving even a dollop of creamy polenta, which had absorbed the juice of the tender piggy. 
Go for the food, it's what is most important. Stay for the fun laid back vibe. Excellent food without being fussy or pretentious. They serve wine and beer, but do not mind at all if you bring your own, the attitude from owner to server is about having fun while getting a top notch meal. Go soon!I went to Meme for the first time last night. I had been wanting to go here since I first noticed it...specifically its sign. The Meme sign was painted/drawn by Ralph Steadman....the man who did all of the artwork for Hunter Thompson and was close friends with him. The sign caught me, but then when I looked at the menu online, I couldn't wait to try it out.
My friend and I tried a lot of dishes last night. Some were amazing, and a few were just okay. We started out with oysters. We chose the "briny" option...oysters from Cape Cod. They were awesome. The best oysters I've ever had. They did have a salty flavor, and were complemented by lemon juice and I believe tiny bits of onion. The bread and butter here was also awesome...something so simple, but it was delicious.
We followed the oysters with three other appetizers: scallops, sizzling mussels, and flatbread with smoked salmon. I'm not a big scallop person, but my friend is and he loved them. You only get two, but they're pretty big and very sweet. The mussels were amazing. They literally come out sizzling and have a wonderful, lemony, buttery flavor. The flatbread was decent, but nothing special. The smoked salmon was definitely really good quality, but I feel like this is the type of dish that you can get at a lot of restaurants.
For our main dishes, he got steak that came with bone marrow, mashed potatoes, and roasted carrots. This was my first experience with marrow, and I liked it enough to want to try it again, but it wasn't mind blowing. I thought the rest of the dish was good, but again, nothing special. 
I got the duck confit salad as my entree, and maybe I just don't understand what duck confit is, but the duck was so dry it was hard to eat. The flavors of the salad it came with complimented it well, but it was just too dry for me to really get into it.
Dessert: cheese tasting. I'm a huge fan of cheese, and love almost all kinds, but again, this cheese plate didn't do it for me.
Meme's menu is very interesting, so I'll definitely come back to try other things, and return for some more tasty oysters and mussels. I dig their creativity, and the vibe of the restaurant. I would definitely recommend it, but NOT the duck!Fantastic first meal at Meme last night. They had a special NJ corn inspired menu.  Highlights were the scallop and corn casserole and the fried chicken. Also enjoyed the Jack Fish.  Actually, every course was good.  They even served some corn based cocktails highlighted by the corn reaper, with gin,absinthe,orange liqueur, lemon and corn juice.
The guest chef, Matt Levin, formally of Adsum fame, did a great job.  Ashamed that the two seatings got condensed to one and the place was empty. A great meal was missed by those that did not show! 
Meme is small with about 35-40 seats. Nice, open space. Service was friendly and efficient.  Will definately be back to try the regular menu.Brunched it up at Mémé this weekend.
I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with some sausages and my wife had the croque. Both were pretty delicious. I agree with some folks who sort of whined about the sizes of things like the sides. My sausage patties were just a wee bit larger than a half dollar in diameter -- they could stand to be a little more "America-sized" BUT they were tasty and they cost a paltry $2. For that price I should have ordered bacon and sausage. Live and learn and drink mimosas. I drank some mimosas and after a while I just didn't care about the sausage size (TWSS of course).
So, let's tally this up:
Outdoor seating on a lovely spring day: +1 star.
Tasty food: +2 stars
Pleasant service: +1 star
Locally sourced ingredients: +1 star
Smallish portions: -1 star
Looking forward to trying this place for dinner sometime.i've always had this whimsical dream that i would get off of work, dressed to the 9's in a classy day-to-night dress, make impromptu plans with my beau for a center city rendezvous at a quaint byo, drink till our heart's content, walk hand-in-hand down the city streets, and round out the night between the sheets.  check! tmi? sorrrryyyyy... 
we weren't sure where we'd go.  i just finished up work downtown so i used opentable.com to find the best and nearest reservations on a friday night around rittenhouse square.  surprisingly, meme had a table for us at just the right time.  it was the perfect backdrop for our last-minute date night.  for a friday night you'd expect the place to be packed.  it wasn't crowded and we practically had our choice of seating.  our waiter jived with our sense of humor and dropped the "act" so we got in some playful laughs.  his recommendations were right on.  the bf and i split everything.  we started with the mint & ricotta agnolotti - heaven - paired with a bottle of beaujolais.  our main courses were the grilled swordfish with zucchini cakes, favas, and tzatziki and prime shell steak with spring onion, green beans, potatoes, blue cheese butter.  the fish dish was light and fresh, but a little too peppery for my palette.  the tzatziki was a perfect accent on the zucchini cakes.  (shh, my mom's zucchini cakes are better!)  the shell steak was undeniably an excellent choice and came highly recommended by our waiter.  the juices blended impeccably with the onion and potatoes.  we probably didn't need it, but we shared a creme brulee.  how can you not order that?   the bill was a bit heaftier than comparable places we've been to.  but the meal was delicious, romantic, and just plain fun.  and we will pay for a great dining experience."Meh-Meh"
Sorry but I have to apply a serious rating downgrade sealed with a Meh.
A recent visit confronted me with french toast that would more accurately be called hot bread, and was not delicious in any way. I.e., atrocious.
The bacon was all fat and not the delicious, tooth-teasable variety. Just gross blobs. 
I also have to call them out for their substandard coffee. There's really no excuse; this is so easy to fix. 
We tried the "highly recommended" pulled pork sandwich: it barely rated above high school cafeteria.
Love the atmosphere. Love the setting. Love the service. Resent the tiny portions on most of the brunch items. Most of all, I'm annoyed. Sometimes you can just tell that with a little stop, survey, and adjust, they could fix these problems. But I have no confidence they'll do so. 
I think I'll be taking my brunch biz elsewhere, until the memory wears off, the scars heal, and I'm willing to give it another try.The space and ambiance at Meme is very low key and welcoming.  The food is good and simple.  But this simplicity is where Meme dropped off a star.  Its not that I do not appreciate simple food, rather I usually go to a restaurant for food I could not prepare myself at home.  Even simple food has the potential to blow you away.  I left Meme happy but the food left me wanting a bit more from my experience.
A salad of beets was fresh.  Beef tongue was prepared nicely.  Soft shells crabs may have been the best dish of the night.  The special tuna was cooked perfectly but the sauce was a bit plain.  Garganelli was the most simple dish of the night.  
I would say the simplicity in the preparation at Meme is almost Mediterranean; chefs allow the ingredients to speak for themselves.  Maybe the downfall this is Philadelphia and not Barcelona?Meme was amazing! Why?
1. They were able to accommodate a group of 14. My coworkers decided to dine here while I was here with my bf and another couple.
2. Even though it wasn't BYOB, I told them I brought a bottle of wine and they let me open it. 
3. The food was delicious and the restaurant served my group of 4 before the group of 14 (even though we arrived later).
For those who are not from Philly, it seems that most small mom & pop restaurants do not have AC and thrive on fans. On a hot day, do not sit in the tables next to the kitchen. 
We had:
Appetizers:
1. Oyster Selection : I do not particularly remember the selection (West coast) but they do add all the flavoring on top of each individual Oyster. I believe, there are 3-4 oysters in each plate/order.
2. We had this watermelon & feta salad which was delicious and just the right amount of feta (more watermelon then feta)
Entrees:
1. Shell Steak - Lean and juicy. I did not regret ordering this dish and actually wished for a bigger portion as I found myself sharing my dish with others who gulped it up.
2. Filet Mignon (Special of the day) - A good cut and well cooked. The price was not that much more expensive than the other entree plates. 
I also managed to taste the other dishes (i.e. pork chop and swordfish). The pork chop tasted like it came from a young pig - lean , tender, and juicy. The pork chop was not dry in the middle. The swordfish is a thin layer of fish that just breaks down in your mouth - succulent and no fishy taste. 
Afterwards, we ordered the dessert. I found out that what the chef made out in apps and entrees, they did not do in the dessert field. The chocolate cake was average. I had excepted an encore after the rest of the meal but I was disappointed by what I found.I love this place. You feel like you're sitting in someone's kitchen or dinning room. Its so warm and inviting. I haven't been here in a while... but I'm dying to go back! perhaps on a date I have coming up. Who knows! But the food is delicious with different touches from around the world... Italian pastas... French Sauces... so much more. However delicious, its not pretentious at all which I love! I feel like i could walk in dressed up or down and not feel uncomfortable. The servers are fun, casual, but polite. Food just amazing. I can't wait to go back!Great food but not much bang for your buck.
We started with the sizzling muscles which were AMAZING.  Best muscles I have ever had.  They serve them out of the shell on a sizzle dish.  Oily, garlicy, salty, and delicious.
Friend had the tile fish which was the catch of the day.  It was okay but noting exciting.  The portion was pretty small (over a bed of pesto orzo.)
I had the strip steak, and it was definitely a top 3 steak of my life.  Cooked to a medium rare perfection, nice sear outside... delicious sauce.  Came with some roasted asparagus and veggies.
Had chocolate ganache for dessert.  It was good but didn't stand out.
Total with 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, 1 beer and tip came to $90.
One area of improvement would certainly be portion sizes (beef up the side dishes?)Why haven't I reviewed Meme yet? When I have out of towners asking where the best brunch in the city is I always refer them to my favorite neighborhood spot. To due credit Meme is MUCH more than just a little restaurant tucked into Fitler Square.
The food is great, they keep everything pretty fresh and new and the service is just as inviting as the sunny dining room. It's an open kitchen but I've never seen the panicked buzz you get with some of their open counterparts (I'm looking at you a.kitchen). There's no liquor but they make up for it with a considerate wine selection and a handful of really great beers.
Again, I stress the brunch. It might be one of my favorite things on the planet. Think griddle cakes with foie gras. Yeah, that happened. Omelets stuffed with impossibly savory cheeses, perfectly cooked thick cut bacon. Do yourself a favor, check to see if a reservation is open and go. Today.Meme does lunch one day a week (Thursday) and they do it well...I highly recommend checking it out. 
It was a pleasure to catch chef/owner David Katz with time to entertain when he isn't fussing over all the details of his elegantly simple bistro and it's rich menu. 
This particular Thursday was cold and rainy, and Katz had prepared a tomato bisque and croque monsieur to chase off the chill. As I found out, croque monsieur is french for "toasted cheese with an amazing cheese bechmel" which, loosely translated into Philadelphian, is "friggin awesome".
I can't wait to head back for dinner.I am a huge fan of BYOB's and actually went here thinking it was Melgrano.  I was a little worried knowing that it is now a new restaurant with a much smaller menu but boy was I glad I stayed.  I started with the Muscles which I must say are one of the best tasting muscles I have ever eaten.  Even my date who "Does not like to eat Muscles"  had a bout 5 of them.  I believe I had the flank steak for dinner and my date at the Skate fillet and I really would not have changed a single thing with either dist.  Both were wonderfully prepared and the wait staff was extremely friendly.  I can't wait to go back and try it again.
Some of my other favorites are (Blackfish, Gnocci, Chloe, and Radicchio Cafe just to give you a base)This review is from a year ago but wanted to post it regardless as I'm sure the food is still great...I'm not sure if its still BYOB as I know the initial plans were for that to be temporary...
Hands down the best new restaurant in Philadelphia. It's a small BYOB (for now) at 22nd & Spruce. They take limited reservations but reserve most seats for walk-ups. Do yourself a favor - get there before the word gets out. Simple, rustic, fresh American food. Amazing. Lobster with orange brown butter was the dinner special the night I dined and we also had the lamb with mashed potatoes. For appetizer we tried the sizzlin' mussels with lemon and herbs - again...amazing. We passed on dessert but that looked simply divine as well.
I thought the price was very affordable for the quality and portion of food. The lamb dish was for two and my fiance and I also split the lobster. With tip we ate (quite well) for under $45/person.
Again, do yourself a favor - get to Meme ASAP. Oh and Ralph Steadman did the artwork for the sign - pretty cool!This was my 3rd trip to Meme and it once again did not let me down. This cozy spot is perfect for a date night or even dinner with friends. it's small but they take reservations so the size isn't a problem.
In my opinion, Meme is specifically known for one major menu item...the sizzling mussels. These mussels are not like any mussels I've ever eaten. In fact, they are so unique and delicious that i asked the waitress once how the heck they make them. They steam them just enough to get them open, drench them in flour, throw them in a cast iron skillet and put them under a broiler after squeezing tons of lemon all over. They come out juicy and slightly crispy at the same time....delicious. 
The next item I absolutely love at this restaurant is the bone marrow. I was so happy to see that they added this to their menu and that it was no longer a special. it's fatty, it's salty and it is absolutely sinful smothered over a piece of their toasted bread. If this dish stays on the menu, it will soon compete with the mussels for my favorite dish at this place!We visited Meme for the second time last night.  As was the case on our first visit, the food outshines the service and ambience.  The roast chicken was crispy on the outside, tender and juicy within.  Kale provided a delightfully bitter counterpoint to the chicken and polenta.  The pork chop was perfectly done and very tasty.  But...the service was absymal.  Our server spent much of her time working on a crossword puzzle and drinking espresso (when she was even on the floor).  The music was 80's hair band rock, played at an excruciating volume...completely inconsistent with the otherwise subdued ambience.  I don't get it...their website greets you with great jazz and ralph steadman's gonzo art...then when you arrive at the restaurant, it's like going to an ac/dc concert in 1987.  Finally, we paid $36 for a bottle wine (La Cala...a Sardinian wine) that we bought the next day for $8.99 at the State Store.  I expect to pay 200% of street price, but this was gouging.  All in, we won't go back and from all indications (e.g. lack of a crowd) few others will as well.  It's sad, because the food is so darn good.had 2 wonderful meals here this week --- monday night was the french themed , wine/food pairing , prix fixe dinner --- a superb evening,,,, who knew pig cheeks could be so fantastic ?!?. 
saturday nite found us again dining at meme -- this time, partly prix fixe , partly free choice -- not one of the 3 of us was disappointed and we all left well sated and content.
looking forward to the theme dinner in january --- whatever it happens to be, 
as an aide --- the sunday brunch croque madame always makes my day as well as anything with david,s unbeatable gritsHad a 9pm Sat. nite reservation and although the place was full, they had my table ready. That is worth a star! Very good waitstaff. Mussels, very nice, a tad too much lemon. Scallops, very nice. Red Snapper, excellent. Leg of lamb, very tasty but too large to eat if you already had an appetizer. Excellent ratatouille and mashed. The 2 dessert choices were too simple, upside down tiny pineapple cake or standard diner flour-less choc. cake with ice cream. OK but could skip without ruining your night. Cheese selection looked good. Pleasant evening but tough to find on street parking.It's really easy to screw up brunch.  Yes, I know it's just eggs, potatoes, etc., but it's really easy to get lazy.  It's really easy for eggs to come out runny, overcooked, potatoes to lack flavor, bread to be an afterthought, service to be hungover and surly, and the menu to be completely inconsistent with the dinner menu, instead relying on brioche french toast and scrambled eggs.  To me, though, I want to see a restaurant known for dinner service and fried chicken lunch to provide an equally tasty mid-morning sunday meal.  And Meme delivered.
Not only were the Smoked Salmon Benedict's eggs perfectly poached, but the Hollandaise was rich without being gloopy, and the asparagus under neath added a refreshing crispiness to the otherwise typically mushy dish.  The omelet of the day (kalamata olives, zucchini, and manchego) was not only fluffy but inspired, and resonated with Meme's Moroccan Jewish influence.  Potatoes for both dishes were perfectly cooked and seasoned.
The highlight though was the biscuit I ordered on the side.  Now I can never turn down a biscuit, but kudos to the kitchen on the big, fluffy, buttery cylinder of breadly perfection.
Service was also really knowledgeable and friendly despite the Sunday morning early hour.  Now, I need to see how they hold up at night...When they first opened I was not impressed, but I thought it was worth a second chance. This will be the last visit.
First, they do not make the BYO clear on the web site. Second, with reservations we arrived 5 minutes early- they would not let us in out of the cold (with a child) even a minute before the opening/first seating time on a winter night. The service was adequate, nothing more. The food was the same. The bone marrow was good, though there was almost no marrow (even for an appetizer). The pork was average, most places in Philly have better pork chops. None of the food is innovative. The open kitchen was the only ambiance. 
Overall the food is average, service (minus the lack of consideration for waiting in the cold) average, prices high. With so many other great places in Philly, why go here??!?It's hard not to like what they're doing here. It's small and simple, and has a wide open kitchen, one you could mistakenly walk into after a few a cocktails and be forgiven. Meme has the ethos of diner food. It strikes me as a place where cooks cook, not perfect their audition tapes for Next Food Network Star.
The sizzling mussels represent this approach perfectly. De-shelled, the mussels are touched up with a small, sheepish first date kiss of flour before lying down in a hissing cast iron skillet of lemon and olive oil, freckling the mussels with morsels of light, bready crunch. There's no over thinking, no fussing, no gussying up; the kitchen gets out of the ingredients way. It's savory and packs the right lemon punch. You're making a mistake if you pass on these. 
For the entree, the char on the maple glazed pork was nice, but it was hard to pick up any maple taste on such a thick cut and ultimately came up lame. The other side of the excellent restraint exercised in the sizzling mussels is, if simple ingredients don't sing, there's no hiding it, no heavy cream- or mayo-based sauces to drown out the bland or the off-key. 
The accompanying apples lost their bite in crunchiness and acidity and were a sweet, soft surprise, cooked to retain enough firmness so that it wasn't mush. I can't get over how good they were. I eat apples at lunch and now they're ruined when I think about Meme's. It's like winning a date with Ryan Gosling and then seeing me show up as your blind date the next week. Because of Meme, apples are now bullshit. The side dish was green lentils, something I don't have much experience with, but the thick cut bacon laid a warm, fatty blanket over an otherwise dry, disappointing dish.
I loved the stripped down approach and would return. If Ryan doesn't call you back, let me know if you want to join.September 29th is Meme's birthday. It was a Thursday, the only day they open for lunch, and they were giving away fried chicken lunches. 
The chicken was beautifully crusted with something wonderful and the meat was hot and juicy inside. It was wonderful. Sides were corn bread and corn on the cob. The corn was a little undercooked, but sweet. 
I give three stars only because of my limited exposure to their menu.I love the idea that their menu changes so often and tries to take advantage of the seasons. We had been wanting to try this place for a while, but we couldn't find the right occasion for it. It's too nice for a standard weeknight dinner, but too chill for a celebratory dinner. It was, however, perfect as a double-date destination. 
We got the special pea and ricotta agnolotti to start, and they were delicious. They were like little cheese pillows laced in a touch of butter and sprinkled with salty pecorino. The peas were bright and fresh. The mint was a little too subtle, but overall, it was a really nice spring dish and something we would order again.
For the entrees, we got the orecchiette with asparagus and parmigiano reggiano and the swordfish with lemon, tender favas, and a zucchini cake with yogurt sauce. The pasta portion was way generous, but delicious. The pasta and asparagus were cooked al dente and flavored with just enough of a sauce of butter, parmigiano, and pasta water to flavor all of the nooks and crannies of the orecchiette without overwhelming the delicate flavors of the dish. The swordfish was surprisingly good (I'm not usually a fan of steaky fish), and you could tell it was seasoned simply with lemon, olive oil, and a few herbs. The favas were a vibrant green and just melted in your mouth while the zucchini cake and yogurt provided a nice crispy and cool texture to the composed dish.
The only hiccups of the meal were the stale bread served table-side and the fact that the kitchen initially forgot to put two diners' orders in. However, the restaurant recovered well from the latter mishap and brought us two complimentary desserts for our troubles. The chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream satisfied my chocolate craving with its warm, gooey interior and cake-like exterior while the creme brulee was a little too eggy for me. It was nice to see the little vanilla specks in the base, but the texture was not as smooth and light as I had hoped.
Overall, we would definitely venture back to Meme. It's atmosphere is charming, and the food is simple, but tasty. it's also got a little something for everyone which makes it nice for double-dates. Now I'm just waiting for an excuse to try their brunch..Food: 5 stars
Price: 4.5 stars
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
Location: 4.0 stars
Service: 4.0 stars
Recommendations:  Our dinner at Meme was a great experience.  I would highly recommend the NY Steak (our steak was perfectly prepared medium rare) and the Tuna (the Tuna filet was the same size as our steak and so delicious).  Enjoy a couple of great appetizers with a bottle of reasonably priced wine.  The best thing about this restaurant is that it has an intimate feel with food made of high quality ingredients and careful preparation.  Definitely try this restaurant!
Overall: 4.5 stars
We're definitely going back again soon.The Thursday lunch is awesome... Fried chicken, a biscuit, and miller high life. It is the perfect way to start the weekend. They usually offer one side( mac salad, mac n cheese, ect) at $2.00 and have an incredible chocolate cake for dessert. Get there asap because they can sell out. See you there!Visited with a good friend of mine who was in from out of town and we had an amazing meal at Meme.
Started with Mussels and Bone Marrow, both were amazing. Just the smell of that mussel dish wafting through the dining room could make anyones mouth water. If theres one appetizer that you have to get here, the sizzling plate of heaven is it.
We followed that with the Lamb and the Pork Chop, nicely portioned, very well cooked. Everything is simply prepared and very specific flavors come through well.
For dessert, we tried the waitresses recommendation- Strawberry Napoleon. Normally I'm not one for desserts at restaurants, but this was one of the best desserts I've had in Philadelphia in a while. I might even consider just going there after dinner somewhere else and ordering this dish. The crispy phyllo, homemade mascarpone, succulent strawberries covered in a nice syrup just made the night.I really enjyed my chicken dish and side of garlic mashed potatoes, here. However, I must say that if I am hankering for a truly European-stles-prepared roastes chicken (savory, light crispy skin, juicy meant), Audrey Claire comes much closer. It's a great location and the atmosphere is really nice."What's your favorite restaurant?"
If you're a loudmouth, always-hungry type like me (and most opinionated yelpers!), you get this question all the time.  I'm more of a top-five, what's-the-context type of girl, coyly hedging my bets to dodge this sticky question.
But for almost any occasion, Mémé takes my top spot.  The food is always simply prepared -- rustic, even -- giving the impeccable ingredients a chance to really shine.  Technique is king to chef David Katz, who once called my boyfriend and I "warriors" when we requested even more courses after eating what most non-mutant humans would consider a normal meal.  
The menu changes all the time, so go with the seasonal flow here.  One of my staples is the smoked salmon flatbread -- sounds easy, blows your head off when you take that first smoky, saline, chaud-froid bite.  Desserts are just as expertly prepared -- any sort of upmarket pudding/custard jawn will finish you off with style (creme brulee, panna cotta, budino, you get where I'm going here.) 
Last but not least, service is friendly, elegant and uber-professional.  They care.I know, I know, 3 stars is a little rough for Meme. I really think the place deserves a 3.5 star rating, and since I gave it 4 a little while ago I figure the 3 evens it out.
I headed over to Meme (again!) to meet Aaliyah P and Michael G for a nice dinner. We had discussed the restaurant at the last elite event and decided we had to go together - they'd never been! And while I don't usually go back for a second time so quickly, there was no way I was turning down this invitation.
I'm telling you, I was THIS close to ordering the orechiette again, but 2 things happened. 1 - I remembered it was my least favorite part of my meal the previous visit and 2 - both Aaliyah and Michael ordered it (without pancetta! some weirdos if you ask me :) )
I instead opted for three "appetizers" - the sizzling mussels ($13), the bone marrow ($8) and two cheeses ($7). Both the sizzling mussels and bone marrow were delicious, though a little too salty for my taste. I still devoured them both of course! And the cheeses...just wow. I am definitely a cheese fan myself, but these were FANTASTIC. Definitely recommend them for anyone thinking about it.
We all split the panna cotta dessert ($7) which was surprisingly tasty. I don't usually expect desserts to be as good as this one was, and was pleasantly surprised at the marriage of panna cotta, raspberries and sauce.
Overall, I still think Meme is worth a visit. I just won't be running back anytime soon, since I've now been twice. And make sure to BYO - they have no corkage fee anymore, and their wine list is a little on the pricey side.We had very high hopes after excellent reviews here and in print, so I chose it for my 50th b-day dinner.  Service was very friendly, competent, and attentive.  The menu is quite limited (something like 5 starters, 4 mains, and 2 desserts), which in itself is not a bad thing, but even adventurous eaters who are not meat-lovers might have some difficulties.  I eat everything, and I *love* mussels, so I was very eager to try the much-raved-about Sizzling Mussels.  Definitely interesting, and not your run-of-the-mill Moules Marinières, but kind of one-note; a large portion too, so I would suggest splitting it among several people.  
While explaining the specials, our server (unsolicited) mentioned the pork loin (on the regular menu, not a special), "the most amazing pork I have ever tasted in my life."  She sounded so sincere, and both my son and I fell for it.  (I am usually on alert for the servers pushing whatever's starting to pile up or go bad in the kitchen, but this seemed so genuine.)  It was a huge portion of salty and fatty pork loin, not horrible but nothing to write home about.  In retrospect, she was obviously told to sell the heck out of the pork.  I should mention the humble grilled cornbread with scallion butter on the side, which was truly memorable and delicious--just the right mix of sweet and smoky.  Wife's oysters and salmon were decent.  Portions generous (except the oysters), prices a little on the high side but not outrageous.  ($7 for 3 small oysters, $25 for the pork.)  Cheese plate disappointing, but son's cherry clafoutis was a hit.  Major thumbs-up for BYO with no corkage fee, even though they have a small wine list.  Satellite radio channel of Talking Heads/Joe Jackson/Squeeze et al. was perfectly calibrated to make a 50-year-old feel good.  Bottom line: we wanted to love it, but won't be going back.We finally made it to Mèmè a couple weeks ago for Sunday brunch - what a sweet little restaurant.  I was all poised to go with a raving five-star review on this one given everything I had read on the run-up, but couldn't quite get my palate to catch up with the enthusiastic crowd.
I had the Croque Madame, which was VERY tasty, and Carol had the omelet with cheddar and mushrooms, which I would categorize as just short of "wow."  Portions were small (OK with us!), service was pleasant, ambiance was that of a small bistro in a cool neighborhood near Rittenhouse Square.  I certainly enjoyed the place enough to say to myself - "I wonder what dinner is like here" and thus will need to add that to my future research list!
A little confusing as it APPEARS you can buy wine by the glass, (and even mimosas!) yet BYOB was absolutely no problem  (No corkage, I think)  Not sure how that works with all the liquor license hoo-hah in Philly, but we always love the option to bring our own, and will exercise it whenever we can!Hello good food! Actually Meme has more than good food...it also has an adorable atmosphere and awesome service (thanks Tim!).
But let's get back to the food since I'm pregnant and food is what's on my mind 24/7 these days...
The menu isn't very big and I think my party of 4 managed to order most of it.
Appetizers: 
Mussels: I only had one since I'm not sure if they are on the pregnancy OK plan, but they take them out of the shell here and cook them in garlic deliciousness. The 1 mussel I had was heavenly.
Arugula Salad: The lemon vinegarette dressing was nice and light..and the manchego cheese on here was  very nice touch.
Ravioli: My goodness this pea filled ravioli was good.  
Foie Gras: Compliments of the chef and our server (thanks Tim!). It was crystallized on top and some of the best foie gras I've had. 
My 3 dining companions ordered the steak with blue cheese butter for dessert. Since I'm not much of a red eat eater I opted for the chicken instead. I can go either way when it comes to chicken, but this was pretty awesome. I liked that it came with carrots and peas so I didn't feel guilty about all those appetizers...and desserts we were about to order.
As for dessert choosing between the crème bruelee, chocolate cake and strawberry something (can't remember exactly what it was) was impossible! Therefore, I suggested we just get them all since we were celebrating a bday...and I happen to really like dessert.  All were super, but chocolate cake trumped the others!
After this meal the 4 of us had to be rolled out of the restaurant, but it was definitely worth the extra workouts I"ll be putting in this week. During my 30 hrs in Philly I only had time to visit 1 restaurant and this sure was a good pick!It's only a week or so old at this point, I think, so in a month or so the stars may go up if the kitchen has worked out the kinks...
...starting with the salt.  Seriously.  Olives are salty.  Capers are salty.  There is really no need to add MORE salt to some of these dishes that include copious amounts of said olives or capers.
We started with the steak tartare and cherry tomato salad.  The tomato salad was the clear winner, due at least in part to the awesome grilled croutons that came alongside.  The steak tartare, alas, fell victim to the oversalting sickness going on in the kitchen.  Again, capers, y'all.  Salty.
Onward to the "larger" plates: the catch of the day, swordfish, and the skate.  With tapenade.  Salty salty salty tapenade.  The skate itself was delightful -- crispy at the edges, tender but not mushy inside, perfectly seasoned.  The tapenade was (obviously) way too salty.  The swordfish was good and really beautifully presented with crushed green picholine olives and lovely browned crisp fingerling potatoes.  This was the one dish that included olives or capers that did not taste like it had emerged from a salt mine.
Last dish of the night was an espresso pot de creme topped with a citrus confit.  I really really wish I had an iphone (for so many reasons, but in this case...) so I could have taken pictures.  The pot in which the pot de creme arrived was seriously the most adorable pot I have ever seen.  Ok, the dessert itself was good as well, smooth, rich, potently flavored, and the citrus was a nice match to the espresso.  But the pot.  So cute.  Add in the tiny spoons and the glossy citrus zest on top of espresso goodness and you basically have a perfect picture.
Non-food related commentary...
This place is in the old Melograno space (*sniff*).  Not a big space.  So when we walked in, we certainly didn't expect to be greeted by the Screaming Trees "I nearly lost you" playing at full blast.  Smooth yellow walls with simple framed photos on the wall, soft lighting coming from the silverware-chandeliers, lush wood tables, and loud ass rock music.  Right.  The playlist was equally disjointed and confused, ranging from the aforementioned Singles soundtrack to something that may or may not have been some kind of pop/easy listening situation like.. Josh Groban or something.  Even so, I could have handled the insane playlist had I not also been concerned for rupturing an ear drum or ending up with tinnitus.
On the service side, things are also still a little confused.  Midway through our wait for our "larger" dishes my fiance was like, "A lot of waiting in this place."  True story.  I don't know if it's a lack of defined sections or a lack of communication between kitchen and floor, but the waits between app and entree and entree and dessert were both far too long, especially for two fish entrees that probably required at most ten minutes or so of cooking time and a dessert that obviously must be pre-made and just pulled from the fridge.  That said, everyone was friendly and helpful and our server was very knowledgeable about the menu.
Salt festival aside, we'll probably be back to check out the scene in a few weeks or so.  My understanding is that they'll still be BYO then, which only helps them in my book, so hey... New restaurant that is temporarily a BYO = basically guaranteed a repeat visit from me.Great dinner experience here! I'm from out of town, so originally I wanted to visit one of the classic, Philly, Italian, BYO places, but after reading the reviews of Meme, I made my reservations here. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is sort of that rustic-hipster look with some really cool details like the utensil light shade. The space is intimate, and at a couple tables, you are sitting right next to your dining companion in the two-top next to yours. The kitchen is open as well, which i enjoyed. It can be bad, though, because you start to get hopeful that the plate they just finished is yours... but it's not. Again and again. 
There is wine and beer on the menu, but I saw several patrons bringing their own wine, which made me wish I had packed my half-bottle of wine for the trip. Waitress asked what I wanted to drink, and when I said water, she asked, "Bottled or tap?" 
Hahaha, bitch please. Asian people only pay for bottled water if drinking tap water means two weeks of dysentery. 
Anyways, I digress. You have the option of drinking sparkling water if you are of classier persuasion than this reviewer. First up was the sizzling mussels. I was surprised when I first saw the dish because in my mind, I was imagining mussles in their shell, so seeing unshelled mussels in a small cast iron dish was visually underwhelming at first. Until I tried it. And realized. They were the best mussels I have ever had. The best! Throughout my meal, every time somebody ordered the mussels, I'd hear the sizzle from the open kitchen, and I considered ordering them again for dessert. However, I was embarrassed with my current state of gluttony, and didn't want to be judged by the server. In hindsight, I should have ordered more mussels for dessert.
I also ordered the bone marrow because honestly, the main reason I went with Meme was because everybody was talking about the bone marrow in their reviews, and after I was finished reading them, I wanted some honest, god damn bone marrow, not some weak sauce pasta dish. The bone marrow didn't disappoint. The main reason I didn't get more mussels is because I would have had to order more bone marrow, and that would have been a disaster. It does take 20 minutes to cook, but you should be too busy eating mussles to notice.
I should also mention the delicious, crusty roll that you get with dinner that is amazingly good with a gob of butter on it. I only got one roll, which was good for my waistline, bad for my gluttony.
For entree, I ordered the orecchiette, aka ear pasta, with lambs neck ragu. Somebody in their review had mentioned suckling pig, which I was really, really, hoping for, but when I didn't see it, I figured I would go with the weak sauce pasta dish. It was no weak sauce. I should explain that I am Korean, so I grew up expecting strong flavors in my food, which is why Italian food can come across as a little weak sauce to me since a lot of the flavors are delicate. However, the orecchiette ragu was a great winter dish. There was a nice kick to it from the red pepper flakes, and the lambs neck added some meaty goodness to it. It was good, but not as good as the bone marrow or the mussels. I would have liked more lambs neck, but I'm a monster that likes eating baby animals.I'll be honest this is my first yelp review, literally just signed up I was so disappointed with my pork chop (in my mind since every American has thrown at least 1 on their grill) a $25 dollar one should have been spectacular. I thought the idea of a small place / small menu maybe 5 main courses was control from the kitchen, cook each dish very well. I ordered the pork chop purposely "undercooked", this would be medium-well in the steak world because pork easily dries out and meat also continues to cook in it's "resting' stage. Whether they wanted to do this or not was a different question, but would have appreciated the honestly if no. I think you can guess the outcome.......I could have gotten the same chop from my friend that knows how to make ramen noodles well: overcooked, dry, with some green beans and potatoes.
The service did not overwhelm me either. I won't be back.Things to order: FRIED BRUSSELS, SIZZLING MUSSELS and (although I didn't have it I heard rave reviews) Roasted BONE MARROW.
We show up for a 6pm for dinner.  It's a party of six and we love food... and if we've learned anything in the past it's going to be eat early so we don't go to bed in pain!
We sit down and it's just lovely in there.  Service is just right, not too much in my face but not at the point we can't find her.  When we were chatting away she knew when to interupt or when to come back (yes i noticed).  
The sizzling mussels are amazing.  I've never had mussels like that before. Already taken out of the shell and perfectly cooked.  They were great.
Now lets talk about MY star.  Fried Brussel sprouts with a ham croquette.  I could have them for dinner nightly.  They can be served with anything.  There was a light and almost lemon creme sauce with the brussel sprouts.  Adding the ham croquette was a perfect dish.  I believe I overheard one of the men at the table asking why ham croquettes aren't served with everything in life.
The orecchiette with lamb was my main dish. VERY APPROACHABLE.  The lamb was nicely cooked, although I could have used a little more lamb in the dish, I'll take what I can get.  The orecchiette had red pepper and mint; which is an unusal combo for me but it worked well.  As I said above, very approachable. ;)
PS.  i really want to come here for the fried chicken lunch.  anyone want to come with me? i've heard great great reviews on it but i haven't found a chance to go.Please note that the entree menu is very limited.  I believe there was only 5 entree choices the other night. 
Started with the sauteed mussels.  Very similar to the ones you can get at Dmitri's.  Which was the subject of a heated debate at another table.  I like this approach, but I think Dmitri does it better.  These were too flour-y.
Entrees were the skate and the fettucini with wild boar.  The fettucini was fresh and the ragu tasty, though could have been a bit zestier.  The skate was good, though on the small side. 
Like the fact that this small BYO takes Reservations (YEAH!) and plastic.  Supposedly they're applying for a liquor license.  I hope that's only a rumor and that they remain BYO.   Also, keep the reservations policy too!I had a great Mother's Day Brunch with my mom and some family friends.  Most of us got the Croque Madame, and the salmon flatbread, and goat cheese tart were also ordered.  Everyone really enjoyed the food.  The adults also ordered mimosas.  Three desserts were ordered to share, a flourless chocolate dish and an apple crostada.  
My guests were quite impressed with the food, as they are from the suburbs, and are mostly stuck with chain restaurants.  I thought the food was very fresh, although I agree with others that the portions are a little on the smaller side.  The total bill was about $20 a person, with a good chunk being the drinks so I think its pretty reasonably priced.  I want to go try the fried chicken Thursdays.Wonderful food.  Service is professional.  No corkage fee!! 
We started with oysters (4/5) and sauteed mussels (5/5 yummy).  Our entrees included the rare tuna over olive and potato (4.5/5) and the skirt steak over grits (3/5).  Finally dessert was a chocolate cake with vanilla gelato (5/5).  The ambiance is upbeat and energetic...probably partly due to the tight quarters.  There's not much room for the servers to move around.  A little on the noisier side.  Good mix of diner ages, mostly 30/40-somethings.  We had our own private table but the tables in the middle are pressed together so you can literally be sitting right next to somebody from a different party.  If that's an issue for you, ask for a table on the side. I most definitely will go back to Meme!I rarely review after just one visit, but we LOVED meme and thought it was worthy of an early review.  For some reason, Meme was not on my radar even though it consistently gets great reviews.  But, recently, I started reading more and more tidbits about Meme that had me intrigued - whether it's that the name is a nod to the owner's grandmother; or the fact that Ralph Steadman agreed to do their logo; or that the owner popped up randomly on the Inquirer's food chat to stir things up; or the fact that even though they got a liquor license, they decided to still let guests BYO for no corkage fee. 
Walking in the door, I remembered that this was the former site of Mellograno (another one of my favorite BYO's in the city) - it still has the same feel - small & cozy; but it has a nice casual vibe - good music; menu on a chalkboard; light fixtures made of silverware.  The restaurant was more or less empty at 7:30 on a weeknight, but quickly filled up to near capacity.
The menu is pretty small - but everything we tried was memorably good.  None of us were adventurous enough to go for the bone marrow - but, otherwise, we followed the advice of other yelpers and LOVED the brussel sprouts, mussels and gnocchi appetizers; as well as the swordfish dinner (probably the best swordfish... and the best cous cous i've ever had); and both the chocolate ganache cake (incredibly light and rich) and the apple crumb desserts.  Top to bottom, we were all in awe of the quality of food.
And for the price, I'd be hard pressed to find a better option in the city.  Meme really feels like a great deal.  From allowing you to BYO for no corkage (and/or buy from their short list of wine/prosecco) to entree prices that came in around $20 to participating in savored.com which can get you 30% your entire bill, Meme will definitely be on my short list for our next night out.I've been walking past Meme for almost a year (maybe 2?) now from my apartment to my hairdresser.  I finally make it there with a few friends, with our bottles of wine in hand. I really wanted to like this restaurant but the food was good, nothing special. 
We got a ton of food and did everything family style. From the mussels, octopus salad, the tartar, to the steak for 2, suckling pig, pasta, and seared tuna, nothing really stood out to me as out to me.  The tuna was a little overcooked so it tasted a bit dry. I was surprised the steak was for 2 because many of the guys at our table could have eaten it individually. maybe french people have smaller appetites? The suckling pig was my favorite out of everything we had. It was served on top of polenta, which was also nice. The octopus salad was a little too olive oily.  Also, the food was really too salty. I thought it was just me but everyone at the table confirmed it.  The dessert was good - the chocolate ganache cake.  
And I don't know if its just me but I thought the lights could have been a little bit more dim. I hope Meme was just having an off day because everyone at the restaurant was very sweet, and the space felt cozy.A simple setup
And a truly friendly staff
Complement the food
I feel a touch of remorse saying that I've never actually eaten anything but brunch here. I've been meaning to rectify that for quite literally a year now, but it doesn't alter the fact that what I HAVE experienced of Meme (brunch) has been nothing short of amazing.
The first experience here was for a brunch in the springtime with several friends. Requested seat by the window: check. Quick, attentive, polite and accurate service during crunch time: check. Seasonally inspired dishes perfectly cooked with noticeably fresh ingredients served hot at the same time to the whole table without error: check.
The second experience here was with my wife and mother. I called during a pretty busy time and was like "look I know you're busy and this is a long shot but could you squeeze in three? We live in the neighborhood and would just be walking over." I was told to come right over, so we did. It was only a short wait even though it was pretty busy. The servers had been running brunch to tables nonstop all morning and actually looked tired, but were still noticeably chipper.
I don't want to go on and on about the food having only sampled brunch offerings, but what I've had has been delicious. There are only a few offerings for brunch, but there's something for most palates. Get there earlier if you want to be sure that everything is actually available.
Facts: the place is beautiful day or night, it isn't overrun with the center city tourist crowd, the staff is awesome and the food is stellar. Just freaking get there.Dined at Meme when it was byob. I think byob fit much better.
It had been open three weeks when i dined at Meme, and despite the usual kinks of being a new establishment, the experience was a good one. 
Foie gras torchon was great. As was the beef tartare. Hanger steak with black trumpets and brussels sprouts was also solid. Skate wing was cooked perfectly.
David did a great job, as did Mason. 
Dessert and cheese were very good.
Ended up staying late with the staff drinking Averna and Barbera D'Alba. We had a good time.I had not been to Meme in about 2 1/2 years but went again the other night and will be visiting more regularly than every 2 1/2 years.  I have a soft spot in my heart for any BYO that accepts reservations, so Meme starts on a high note.
The menu is small but has terrific options.  I started with the roasted bone marrow - this was amazing.  I offered some to my dining companions and was quickly disappointed that I was overly generous in sharing my food with them. I ordered the tilefish special which was quite good as well.  
I am really glad that Meme has gone back to no corkage fee . . . it makes it a lot more likely that I can afford to go!We totally enjoyed our dinner last Thursday night! The atmosphere was very chill, the waitstaff was super nice and attentive to our needs. I very much enjoy the small restaurant environment - if you aren't into a loud dinner, this isn't the place for you...
There was three of us at our table and we all shared a bottle of wine. Next time I will bring my own wine and pay the corkage fee and not pay the premium prices - like 40 - 50 bucks. 
Starter: cheese plate, octopus  
Dinner: pork, steak, sword fish
Dessert: Pineapple upside down cake
Everyone loved their meal and we all are excited to come back again. YUM!As described by Webster's' a Meme is an idea, behavior or style that spreads from person to person within a culture.
With that said the ideas that came together on my plate and in my mouth were totally a style unlike anything I had ever tasted. Nicole H and Michael G and I ventured out to 22 and spruce for a hump day dinner and were not disappointed. Meme is very much still a BYOB the wine list is VERY overpriced and limited so save yourself some cash and BYOB.
I started with the sizzling mussels which were literally sizzling in the mini cast iron skillet when they were dropped off at the table. A little on the salty side the mussels were very plump and sweet. The cast iron skillet as well as the chef did an amazing job creating that camrelized crust on those yummy mussels.
For my entree I did the pasta with peas, Swiss chard sans pancetta. The orcheictte was perfectly cooked and the garlic and oil it came in had a slight kick with the addition of some red pepper and of course a healthy sprinkling of cheese! 
My dining companions did the bone marrow and watermelon salad both I assume to be delish! Michael G was my dinner twin he's not a fan of bacon either.
Our trio split the vanilla panna cotta with fresh raspberries it was silky, creamy and oh so good exactly what panna cotta should be. 
I can't really comment either way on the service because we were so caught up in our own conversations. 
A few side notes.. Meme is small! So no very large groups or you will hate the space! Its still a BYOB for now, wine list is minimal and overpriced so def BYO. The menu though small has some interesting options I had my eye on one of the fish entrees so a return visit might be in order.If you know the old Melagrano space then you know that Meme is very small. Think it seat 38, so are going to get to know, or hear the people next to you. In our case, that wasn't a good thing. Anyway, the entrees, steak and trout were very well prepared and tasty. The dessert of banana napoleon was very good. My one complaint are the size and prices of the app's. $12 for 3 very small pieces of thin lamb on a small wooden skewer is a bit much, but most of the starters were priced about the same with similar small portions. Outside it's a nice spot. Corkage is $10 per bottle, which is ok. Staff was very nice.When here last to have a nye dinner with two friends of mine. 
I love the location of this place. It's not hard to find and surprisingly nice and quiet for dinner. 
We were here early so it was a great timing cuz i want to avoid all the noise and hassle. I'm in love with the buttercup wall color and the art work as well as the photographs in this place. 
We had have the whole 12 course dinner since we were three people so we were able to try the whole menu. 
Appertizer:
Beet dish was great and i also love the light salad.
1st course:
Tuna was my fav and as well as the beef. 
2nd course
The beef was a lil tender but overall it was memorable. 
I wasn't impressed by their dessert since their flan wasn't that good. I had have a better flan some where else and i can make a pretty decent flan by myself so i was a lil' pick with the three desserts we had. 
It's quite romantic and i love their red wines and beer selection.Although I consider Chef David Katz a pal, my opinion of his restaurant, Mémé, was formed long before our friendship. 
The food here is so simple and straightforward, yet so deeply flavorful. It's the place you go when you want to eat something really good but you don't feel like fussing over what to wear or if it's O.K. to bring kids.  By the way, you can wear whatever you'd like and you can bring the kids. In fact, you'll often see Katz' family roaming around the restaurant - I've got bets that his son becomes a chef. He's fearless behind the line.
On Thursdays only, stop in for lunch. Hopefully you like fried chicken, because that's the one-and-only option.  That, a biscuit, a side, and a bottle of High Life is $11.  
Brunch is only served on Sundays, but it's damn good. I can personally vouch for the Croque Madame, corn griddle cakes and baked eggs. 
The dinner menu changes with season, and with Katz' creativity, but there's always something undeniably delicious.  If you catch the sizzling mussels or bone marrow on your visit, get them.  You should also know that you can byob for a small corkage fee even though Mémé offers a reasonably priced and crowd-pleasingly varied wine and beer list.
The point is, Katz holds it down with superior technique, whether it's lunch, brunch or other. His food is thoughtful. His Mémé would be proud.The food and service at this restaurant was great. My only problem was that it was overpriced for the quality of food you get (~about $5 over). 
One note is that the portions are relatively small and is very similar to a tapas type restaurant.
Beware that they are in the process of getting a in liquor license so it may no longer be a BYOBFirst nice surprise was that they are offering a prix fixe dinner for $35 for the summer. That plus the bottle of wine we brought ($10 corking fee) kept the price of our yummy, enjoyable dinner to around $100.  Only complaints were that the pace was a tad rushed, and the mussels which had rave reviews on yelp (and from people we know) were a little bit overwhelmed with lemon flavor. Everything else was perfect. The other app was a stuffed pasta dish with truffles that was divine -- freshly made pasta, delicate, beautifully flavored. For dinner I had spicy tuna over grilled eggplant and my husband had the NY strip. Both were fantastic. Finally we had to argue over whose dessert was better -- the chocolate ganache cake or the plum tart. Both were fantastic. I loved the casual atmosphere that went along with the delicious food. Will definitely go back.I had dinner at Meme when it first opened and haven't been dying to go back.  I like the small menu concept, but as someone who doesn't eat red meat, felt rather limited by the options. The mussels were tasty, and a change from the Monk's approach of steeping in beer, butter and spices.  I was shocked when the bill came! That much for so little food?!
I do however, love the cheery yellow walls and the vibe in there.  The staff seems to really like their job and they are enthused about the restaurant.  
It's BYOB for now, but they're hoping to get their license soon. They promised me that wines wouldn't be TOO pricey, but given PA laws, their hands will probably be somewhat tied if they want to make any $ off of wine.  
Looking forward to checking out their brunch.I definitely enjoyed Meme. As Bill and Heather already mentioned, the ambiance of the restaurant is very cozy and the prices were definitely reasonable. I mean seriously, to reiterate, a special being only $20?? That was a whole lotta food! 
Meme prints a very simple menu for you to look at and also writes all the available specials on the blackboard above one side of the restaurant. Just make sure to ask with your waiter to confirm what is available. For my entree, I ordered the duck breast. The last time I had duck, it was very soft and tender. Here I got some tough pieces that were intensely flavorful. I really enjoyed my meal.
The chocolate ganache cake was really decadent. Holy moly diabetes! But wonderful indeed. I intend to come back.After hearing rave reviews of Meme, I was finally able to experience it for myself last night. Everything about the restaurant was tiny, in a charming way of course. We were seated in between two occupied tables very close together, which my mom pointed out as something that "all the trendy restaurants are doing". The menu itself is also very small, but after tasting our food I decided it was so they could focus their energy on perfecting each dish. Our waiter was very nice and attentive, quickly opening the bottle we brought as soon as we sat down (no corking fee). We split the Roasted Bone Marrow appetizer to start, and I wish we would have each ordered our own. It was so delicate, I could have eaten it plate after plate of it all night. For entrees I ordered the Cod served with clams, which was as fresh, light, and tasty as it was intended to be. My mom ordered the NY Strip med-rare, which is typically served with a mushroom bread pudding and creamy leaks- YUMMM! However, due to her dairy allergy, she had to substitute the sides with lentils and sweet carrots (the server was quite accommodating about it). Her steak was cooked to perfection- I will definitely be going back to try it with the mushroom bread pudding. We both left completely satisfied and too full for dessert. But there's always next time!Just finished dining, and this is our new favorite go to place.  From the time we walked in, to the last scoop of the expresso pot de creme, pure bliss! The kitchen's expertise and attention to detail is clearly demonstrated through all of the dishes that we've tasted, a foie gras tart that is subtle yet intense with layered flavors, the scallops with butternut squash and bacon, and the most delicious and satisfying duck breast ever tasted. Such refined dining in a nice laid back atmosphere is very refreshing to our neighborhood.  As I was leaving, I got my next reservation! No one could stop me now!!