I do not like Chocolate, but I was in the mood for something sweet so my sweets companion and I decided to go to Naked Chocolate anyway.  I figured I'd have to suck it up on some sort of not too Chocolatey Milk Chocolate thing.  I instead got a Key Lime Cupcake, which was a bit expensive but yummy.  I also got a ginger lemonade to drink.  That was really good but it was hard to finish it all.  
Overall--I am probably not enough of a yuppie to spend all that money on deserts and I would get annoyed with all the jerks drooling stereotypically over chocolate all day long.  Still the other choices are yummy and I'd go back again once in a while.I don't care what anyone else has said. This place opened my eyes to Aztec hot choc Euro steelo. 
Yes I needed to spoon it up and maybe I did need to drink a glass of water after. But the moment right after the chocolate slipped off the spoon and entered my mouth and the moment right before I had to reach out for some water - that moment right there... was heaven.I just had a little baby shower get-together here for my best friend with 9 other friends meeting us there for a surprise.  It was so perfect for something like that--$20 a person for a big dessert, a specialty drink and a chocolate tasting.  They also made chocolate cigars sprayed in blue sparkly chocolate paint that said "Its a boy" to make it extra special.  I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to do a little celebration or just want to overindulge in dessert!!Cute little place with chocolates, cookies, choco drinks and baked goods.
Had a frozen chocolate drink...it was wayy too sweet and didnt really compare to Serendipity 3's FHC.
Bit pricey.Everything is yummy, I also love the drinks, but it did take me a while to get used to the very awkward layout. I wish it was different, I would love to go there and just doodle. 
The lighting feels very starkPositive: Delicious European chocolate drinks open later than other similar cafes.
Negative: Somewhat pricey for the sizes of the drinks.
Overall: Great place to try if you love chocolate, and if you especially like hot chocolate drinks.Located on the corner of that sketchy side street known as Juniper, Naked is a bit more hidden than Philadelphia's other (disappointing) chocolatier.  For Naked's hype, I admit I was expecting something...more.  Their chocolates are rather good, mind you.  But not exceptional.  Pastries looked equally appetizing but lacked the originality.  Oh well. Three stars for their comfy chairs, edible treats, and sipping chocolate (melted chocolate so thick that I was advised to bring it out into the February weather).  However, I'm still a bit put off that this seems to be the best the culinarily-inclined city of Philadelphia has to offer.For what it sells, it is pricey. However, with that being said- it is worth it. The peanut butter mousse is waaay too peanut buttery. The chocolate tart/cake is not for the faint of heart & the Oreo mousse was not as heavy as I was expecting. The special hot chocolates are a treat, however, the "spicy" wasn't spicy at all- but the Hawaiian had a great salt/sweet mixture to it & the Aztec was hands-down the best one on the menu. Great place to go to keep date night going :)Everything about this place is great. They have a great selection of chocolate products including their super satisfying drinking chocolates. I highly recommend the Aztec. They even have a wide range of non-chocolaty treats. My favorite is the strawberry iced vanilla cupcake. The icing is made with real strawberries and you can't really beat that. Definitely a great place for a short date or chit-chat session with the girls.I really enjoy this place. It's a nice cafe with plenty of chocolates and desserts, frozen drinks and hot chocolate shots. Pretty amazing all year round. The desserts change from time to time (maybe they sell out, I don't know) I've been a couple of times, I've tried the mocha fudge cake, I believe. The cake was ridiculously chocolately and the middle felt like it was filled with a chocolate bean paste (hard to finish between 2 people). white/milk chocolate mousse cake which is always easy to devour along with the various cheesecakes they have there. I really enjoy their fruit tarts too and their gigantic frozen drinks. Their drinking hot chocolates taste like drinking melted chocolate haha. Its very rich. The cashiers can be a bit impatient so that's annoying.
Anyway, I like it here and I'll be back from time to time, especially since i have a $20 groupon to use lol.Came here for a coffee and a cupcake as a break from a grueling day of shopping.  :)  It was relaxing, the coffee was amazing, and the little cupcake I had was small, but deliciously decadent and chocolatey.  I will definitely be back.If you know me, you know I LOVE chocolate, so what could be more heavenly for me than a entire CAFE of chocolate.  I love everything in here but here's a few of the best things I've tried:
Frozen Drinking Chocolate.  Little slivers of chocolate in a blended chocolate drink.  They melt as they hit your tongue. Absolutely amazing.
European Drinking Chocolate.  The best this side of the Atlantic.  The only place I've had it better is in Italy.
Aztec Hot Chocolate.  I love that cinnamon-chocolate combination.
Cashew Turtles.  'Nuff said.
Sometimes they have a live jazz band.  Also, they are open pretty late.This was my second time here. The first time I went was as a freshman in college for the funsies, so I was hoping that it would be better the second time around. Unfortunately, the coffee still tasted like Starbucks and the chocolate still tasted like Dove. We had the espresso/dark praline chocolates. 
However, the folks behind the counter are friendly and the two comfy couches in the middle are a wonderful place to sit and chat. This might be a good place to get a quick chocolate fix.What can I say, Naked Chocolate Cafe is delish! 
I was in need of cupcakes for a birthday party recently and not sure where to acquire them. I visited Yelp! and found tons of rave reviews of this place. Everyone was right on. A word to the wise: don't show up on a Saturday morning and order a dozen cupcakes unless you're ready for the snarky guy behind the counter to inform you that bulk orders need to be made 24 hours in advance. 
Would you believe this happened to me? Fortunately he was able to fill the order and my fellow party-goers were quite happy.The BEST frosting I've ever had other than my mom's!!  I had the chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting.  Service was very nice - we went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't at all crowded.  Wish I could have tried the Italian hot chocolate everyone raves about, but I was so satisfied after the cupcake!
The cake was chocolate - moist and flavorful.  The frosting was perfect.  Made of granulated sugar but mixed very well so you didn't get the crunchy granulated taste.  Topped with sugar crystals, it brought me back to my childhood.  I would make the three hour trek to Philly just to get another one!
The cafe was clean, bright, pleasant environment.  Staff very nice and accommodating.  The chocolate truffles and confections beautifully presented.  Great experience.Their hot chocolate-- thick. 
Hawaiian hot chocolate-- salt and caramel in hot chocolate? Heavenly.
They have won my heart.
Wish I can visit during winter so I can enjoy my hot chocolate instead of having it during the heat wave (102 degrees, serious?). Their place is AC'ed so I enjoyed my hot chocolate inside. 
Their frozen drinks are HUMONGOUS (enough for two people to share!). 
Cupcakes: delish! So I recommend a vanilla cupcake with your hawaiian petit hot chocolate.
(PS: their plates are cute and whimsy, so bring your digital camera to take picture of your dessert before it ends up in your stomach).I've been back to Naked Chocolate several times since my initial review, so I figured it was time for an update. As you can see, my opinion has greatly improved. In fact, Naked Chocolate now qualifies as one of my favorite places. Here are a few reasons.
First, the chocolate cupcake with peanut butter icing is outstanding. The cake is good, but the icing is over-the-top delicious. It's just the right balance between thick and fluffy and it has a great flavor. There is a good amount of icing on top of the cupcake, but I could use more (I could always use more...).
Second, the hot chocolate is unique and tastes great. It's so thick that it's almost like drinking a little cup of pure melted chocolate. I've only tried the  classic European style hot chocolate so far and I'm looking forward to trying some of the other varieties.
Finally, I got a chance to try some of the other available confections and I was not disappointed. I got what they call a mini belgian waffle, dipped in chocolate and coated with peanut butter chips. Delicious! I also had a chocolate pretzel covered with mini reese's pieces. Also delicious!
I really like this place now and I've been taking friends and family here whenever I get the chance. It's one of those cool little unique places that I'm glad to have close by.I am a sucker when it comes to hot chocolate. This is the category where I generously throw my stars at...ALL 5 OF THEM for City Bakery in Manhattan, Jacque Torres in Dumbo Brooklyn, and most recently "Naked" in Philly. 
We discovered this place on our way to lunch towards the Rittenhouse area. The cozy interior, comfy couches, artsy fartsy decor, and visually aesthetic desserts screamed at us to come back the next day. It was crowded at the time, so we decided to return during the morning emptiness avoiding all strollers, couch hoarders, and squatting laptop users.
I ordered the Spicy Dark Drinking Chocolate European style ($3.50 for a small). Although the petit sized serving comes in a demitasse cup, the rich taste and muddy thick texture was filling enough to be a meal on its own. One sip propelled me into hyperglycemic overdrive. I love the feeling of chocolatey molten lava sliding down my throat! It's a bit too sludgy to enjoy as a beverage, so it is best eaten with a spoon. Have a side of water with this one.Totally decadent. I got a brownie type thing and an espresso with chocolate. I saw people eating chocolate fondue with banana. I need to go back and try that!Any venture from the proprietors of Thomas Sweets in Princeton has my vote as a destination. In spite of the eponymous university that it is adjacent to, Thomas Sweets always has a delightful balanced and store made selection of very good ice cream. Of course, it was first a chocolatier, producing decent store made and whimsical candies (how many chocolate tennis racquets have I bought from them!) In the 80's TS had an outlet on Locust Street where I had the best ever ice cream: a dark chocolate Grand Marnier ice cream that was complex and oh-so-good. Alas, the TS closed up in Philly but Naked Chocolate appears to be their reentry to the Philly market and from the crowds that packed the small space last night, I think this will stay. 
So for my wife's birthday, we were able to snag the warm and comfy semicircular couch, perfect for my family of 5. We got the chocolate fondue with fruit, bread and marshmallows to soak up the good molten milk chocolate in a martini-like glass. The kids got the frozen chocolate drinks (intense chocolate, mocha and vanilla) with the intense chocolate (not surprisingly) being the best of the bunch. Honestly, it was my wife's tea that caught my attention: a chocolate tinged pear tea that was fragrant and earthy at once. I got the seasonal pumpkin nudo which was nice and the small world coffee (again from Princeton) decaf. I need to return to try their cupcakes. All in all, it was a delightful after dinner repose. I will need to sample their sipping hot chocolate drinks the next time which appear to be what the other yelpers are raving about (only so much you can get with the kids). The big issue I have is the size of the room and their ability to handle the crowds. the staff was nice and courteous, but I can tell they were being strained by the long lines and cleaning the tables to turn them over.What a delight! 
I went in and had the classic, as it was my first trip in, and European style. It was like hot pudding in a glass and was very tasty. I had the petit size, which was pricey for a shot-sized portion but considering the quality, it was exactly what I was looking for. I would totally go back here and try out their many varieties.Simply irresistible, for lack of a better adjective!  Naked Chocolate is a chocoholic's heaven, offering everything from truffles to cakes to custom blended hot chocolates!  For those who are not so into chocolate (seeing as it is basically the point of this place--but then again you may find yourself coming with friends whose tastes are either not quite the same as yours or are just not in the mood for chocolate at that particular time, which I don't see why one wouldn't be in the mood for chocolate ;)), they also have apple lemonade, apple cider, as well as the amazing pumpkin mousse that I got  the first time I was there.  However, I think that's only a seasonal thing so be sure to stop in sometime this month to try it :)I had the Aztec Hot Chocolate. Incredible. Its not a place I could go often but that had to be the best I've ever hadIt's good.  It's not the best chocolate in the world, but the atmosphere is clean and upbeat.  Some of their baked goods are not very good especially the cupcakes which seem dry.  But people go here for the chocolate, so don't worry about the baked goods unless you want to buy one to dip in their chocolate fondue.  Some of the staff are really helpful, and some are not.I don't know why... but I LOVE that they serve their coffee in clear mugs.  This place is so cozy.  It's also the closest place to me that serves La Colombe coffee.
Of course, all of their deserts are pieces of delicious art.  I love going in to see the employees painting the pieces of chocolate.  
There's plenty of seating - perfect for reading or studying.  But, I find that it's often cold... bring a jacket, a blanket, or a sleeping bag.Naked chocolate café is a misnomer, this place should be called "I died and went to chocolate heaven".  If you are looking for hot chocolate as it was before instant hot chocolate ruined your palate, go here. I ordered the "Aztec", while my girlfriend ordered the Hawaiian. Both were rich and delicious, the Aztec finished with a not so subtle burst of cinnamon and nutmeg, while the Hawaiian was pleasantly salty, like a chocolate covered pretzel (which they also sell), with a smooth caramel finish.  Both were delightful on a chilly day.  They sell "imperfect" chocolates for those looking for a deal on a chocolate fix.I stumbled upon this place while shopping and was pleasantly surprised by the variety of offerings that they had. I tried their cold hot chocolate drink and while it was good, it wasn't nearly as delicious as the one you can get at Serendipity in NYC. The vanilla cupcake with strawberry frosting was very moist, tasty, and delicious. It happened to be very busy when I was there so seating was at a premium but non-the-less, it was a great place to visit.Really cute cafe with a wide selection of freshly prepared chocolate creations and "gift-able" chocolate  tie-ins (i.e., hot chocolate mix, chocolate covered things, etc.,) I didn't get a chance to stay and try the hot chocolate, but my boyfriend did order a medium bittersweet hot chocolate to go. It could be defined as a drink because it was in liquid form, but it was so viscous that it had a Pompeii lava-like consistency to it. I tried a little bit, but I think I couldn't breathe for about two seconds, so that was the end of that. I would definitely come back to try the frozen chocolate and maybe a cupcake or two.Naked Chocolate gives the adult version of you the same feeling that Kiddie City gave the 5 yr old version. 
The second you walk in you're treated to the sweet smell of hot chocolate. Your eyes all scan and rescan the delectable chocolate treats spread out behind the glass. You point and yell out the names of items before without realizing you're making a spectacle of yourself. 
All of that happens before you ever see the drink list or the refrigerated case of baked, whipped, gooey goodness.
They also sell/serve Small World Coffee; a local roaster out of Princeton, NJ this coffee is delicious and the perfect compliment to whatever you choose in dessert heaven.OK, I admit that this is heresy, but what I really love at Naked Chocolate is the ginger lemonade.  The chocolate is great, the desserts are amazing --the hot chocolate is a bit too rich for my taste, though if you like that totally over the top hot chocolate, NC's is fabulous.  But try the ginger lemonade.  The combination is inspired, it's refreshing in the summer and  if they have it in the winter, it's great then too.  The tart spiciness is perfect with the opulent desserts.  Perfect.Naked Chocolate is so 'meh'.
The place cannot hold the crowd it gets, so on weekends and evenings its noisy and cramped, which is counter to the experience one would want to be immersed in if taking a loved one out for fondue, or sipping chocolate. 
My experience with the baked goods has been BAD. I've had about 4 things there, each worse than the one before it. Most of them were dry, and tasted like they were made a few weeks earlier. 
There hand made chocolates are OK. Take em or leave em. 
My favorite item would be the sipping chocolates. Spicy please. Soo good.Thankfully we used our Groupon $20 for $10 deal or we may have ended up being more disappointed than we ended up feeling at night's end. 
The store itself is located in a vibrant, busy part of Philadelphia for those who don't know the city that well. \
We purchased small slab of Peppermint bark, a red velvet cupcake, a pumpkin cupcake, an Oreo cookie Mouse Cake, a banana foster's brownie, and a white chocolate blondie. Everything except for the peppermint bark was underwhelming and left much to be desired. This was a fail in my book and the only reason why it receives two stars is because the staff was friendly and the store itself was immaculate in decor and cleanliness. 
A word of advice to those heading to NCC for the first time: Up the same street is Max Brenner who is also a commercialized chocolate factory but seems to be doing way better than NCC and from my observations tonight if NCC has any desire to stay in business for much longer it better step up its flavor game or it's going to get knocked out shortly.
Most likely won't be back.The chocolate was rich and very good, but the girl at the register botched my coffee drink and seemed VERY confused that I wanted iced coffee.  I have a southern accent, but it's not very pronounced, and iced sounds the same whether the i is drawn out or not.  She gave me an unsweetened iced coffee when I ordered a gingerbread white chocolate mocha. She couldn't quite figure out that we wanted all of our items to go, and not just the chocolate mousse I ordered.  Most of the time, if you're at a counter and ordering one item to go, you're ordering all of them to go.
 The mousse was very rich (harmony mousse, to be exact) and tasty, and the cupcake we ordered was moist with the right amount of frosting, but the customer service from the clueless girl just didn't work for me.
  Oh, and they were out of peaches for the peach smoothie, asked if we wanted something else instead since they'd already charged us, we opted for the lemonade that was a dollar cheaper, and they didn't take off the dollar or anything like that.It took me a few weeks to realize that Naked Chocolate has changed its name, which should tell you how much has changed about the cafe. As far as I can tell, the food and chocolate selections are exactly the same. Even the graphic design of the chocolate boxes is identical, except they now read "Artisserie" and have a picture of the Eiffel Tower on them, rather than saying "Naked Chocolate."
This is, in my opinion, a very good thing. I liked Naked Chocolate. I like their chocolates. When I visit my grandmother, they are my go-to gift. I love being able to put together a box of individually chosen selections, and I think the prices are very reasonable. I also like just being able to purchase a single small chocolate to go with my coffee. It feels lovely and decadent. You can't do that at Starbucks. 
Their lunch sandwiches are also a great value. For $8.95, they have several sandwiches that you can get with one of several sides (Caesar salad, pasta salad, and potato salad - all very good, although I LOVE the potato salad and it is very hearty) and a drink of either coffee, iced tea, or hot tea. My favorite is the pecan crusted chicken sandwich, which has sliced green apples and a marmalade. It is a really unique and delicious sandwich, definitely not your usual lunch fare. I like it so much that I have never bothered trying any of the other sandwiches, because it would mean giving up an opportunity to eat this one. 
The baked goods are problematically delicious. The biggest problem with their baked goods is that they are available until 10 at night. This means that sometimes I will have had some wine and be walking back to my office and pass their window full of cupcakes. Then I have to eat them. I guess this would be more of a problem if the cupcakes weren't so good. I am a huge fan of their frosting, and I am picky about my frosting. The chocolate peanut butter cupcakes are the best. Also if you have any self restraint, they also serve TINY MINI CUPCAKES in all of their regular flavors. If you do not have any self restraint you can purchase a second flavor of tiny mini cupcake to go along with your full-sized chocolate peanut butter cupcake. Like I said, problematically delicious.Naked Chocolate - where do I start. 
I think this place is as close to being a legal drug dealer as you can get - everything there is seriously like crack.  Once you get a taste you are hooked. 
The chocolate Nudo has to be my favorite thing. It is soo dangerous working a block from here - I am constantly stopping in during lunch or on the way home to grab a few things. 
I had a birthday yesterday and several co workers brought me things from here - this oreo cream pie thing was soo insanely amazing I don't even know where to start. 
Great now Im thinking about this place and need a fix....I tried my first European-style hot drinking chocolate here! And thank goodness that they offer petite sizes - boy, was it dense. When you yelpers say that its more like hot chocolate pudding, you were right. It was overwhelming at first sip, but as its me and my chocolate-loving tongue, I ended up scraping the bottom for the last droplets. I couldn't even finish the little chocolate waffle caramel crisp treat that I had bought with the drinking chocolate, it was so rich. But oh, so good. 
The treat, as I learned 5 hours later, was also a delicious morsel of decadent goodness. 
We returned the next day after realizing that most dessert places in Philly close early or completely on Sundays and went for the American hot drinking chocolate this time in bittersweet - and it was much better. Not so overwhelming but still thick and lovely enough to thoroughly savor. I was sad when the petite cup came to its end and immediately wished I got the "we won't tell" size. 
They have BEAUTIFUL chocolate gifts for all sorts of occasions, many of them which are spray painted with gorgeous metallic colors that give them flair.  And they had a pretty impressive Leaning Tower of Pisa one all packaged up to go too. There was a chocolate tour group in the store (which is pretty spacious and has lots of sitting room compared to other places) on the 2nd day we went - and they had a HUGE spread of chocolates in front of them that they sampled and then packed to take home. I've got to do that next time!! 
Great hours, casual seating, excellent chocolate, and they have an assortment of teas, smoothies, and fraps to satisfy any after-meal craving you might have.  Definitely must return.okay.. I can't eat chocolate , so you may wonder why I'd go to naked CHOCOLATE! because philly cupcake was closed at 6 on a sunday and I Wanted a cupcake! there were only 2 choices of non chocolate cupcakes both of which we got and OMG DELICIOUS! I AM PLEASED! I thought I'd get the shit end of the stick because I don't eat chocolate but my taste buds are in heaven =]Definitely a great place to go if you're craving something sweet, or obviously if you're craving chocolate. Naked Chocolate offers a variety of actual chocolate pieces, various pastries, and sipping chocolate. If you don't know what sipping chocolate is, then you haven't lived. It's a small cup of smooth, thick delicious chocolate-ness. It may look tiny, but it's extremely rich. I came here once with a friend and they had a live jazz band, which was nice but the restaurant was so small we could barely hear each other talk. Definitely not the place to come on a date or for serious conversation (well, it is, but just make sure there is not live music that day). I had an enormous stuffed cupcake which was very good and he had some sort of peanut butter mousse thing which was amazing. I will definitely be back!
Note: If you use Philly Car Share and have their "key to the city" you can get buy one get one free desserts here!Cookies and Cream cake.
It was really goodA cool blend of chocolate and design. They have an array of chocolate truffles, each one designed loosely around the flavor...lavender has a purple petal motif...one of the spicier truffles looks like a tiny pyramid, suggesting an exotic tropical ruin perhaps?
I can definitely see stocking up on holiday gifts here, as you can fill up one of a few different sized gold-foiled boxes with a selection of chocolates. They also have what looks like painted tiles of chocolate...I could see them being used for some kind of dessert arrangement for your next party.  A bit pricey though...
I can't wait to come back for hot chocolate when the weather turns frosty.Psstttt go to the new locale on 18th street! It's bigger!
My only complaint here is how teeny tiny the place is! However, I love the L-shaped couch in the back!The European-style sipping chocolate is AMAZING. Don't order this expecting something like the Swiss Miss that you stir into a styrofoam cup of hot water...this is more like a molten chocolate bar. 
A small cup is the perfect portion. Sip it slowly and let the richness of the chocolate linger on your tongue. Then skip dessert for the remainder of the week!If you love chocolate then this is a must place for you to visit if you are in Philadelphia. They have some of them most decadent desserts in the city. From their mocha chocolate cake to their warm thick hot chocolate this is the place to splurge. The cafe is in an old building on walnut street with a really unique ceiling so don't forget to look up and enjoy the architecture. It is usually very clean inside however we have been a few times where it was a bit messy. But it is definitely worth the stop by.Thought I should do an update since I recently realize my overall view of this place was tainted when I read it by my bf's experience.
I really like this place.  I love their melted chocolate that they serve in small expresso cups.  I take as long as possible to dip the tiny spoon in and suck on it savoring every scoop.
I've had several of their baked goods now, and I've had inconsistent experiences.  It may be because the different locations are now owned by different owners.  Something I recently found out about.  It may be because this is not what they are really all about.  I mean their name is Naked CHOCOLATE.
I have had staff that go out of their way to put a dollop of whipped cream on my plate with a cookie with my chocolate, and others that just seem too lazy to do so.  That cream makes the difference when you are eating such an intense little cup of chocolate.  Definitely ask for it if you don't get it.
The managerial staff is wonderful.  Very friendly and informative.My favorite cafe  by far.
I had their hot dog wrapped in pastry puff and it was absolutely delicious. The chocolates here are also wonderful.I must really love your sipping chocolate to still give you two stars after that mid-summer afternoon.
Good(s):
Sipping chocolate - I take mine spicy (mega delicious)
Bad(s):
Walking in on a warm day and standing in a line of customers, seeing flies on literally every other dessert on display.  If I'm at a picnic in the park, I can understand a fly landing for a half second on my hamburger bun.  But I don't want to see a team of flies jumping from brownies to cookies to other sweets.  You can't tell me that the people working there didn't notice.Stumbled upon NCC during a one-day stop between DC and NYC.  Looked good.  Bought a dark chocolate with black and white sesame seeds.  Un-real-good.  I love dark choc, incl. having had Valrhona at the factory store in Tain l'Hermitage, and this was a great piece of chocolate.  We went back after dinner and had sipping chocolate - silky, rich, sharp, soothing, made me want to go to a silk cocoon and just purr.  I hope to find a place like this near home someday.  Meanwhile I'm calling my stepdaughter's uncle and asking him to buy me a pound (no more, lest I lose control and forget to go to work) and mail it to me.
Did not try any of their baked goods, so I cannot give 5 stars - yet.I had a really good mocha.  At the table we also shared a lemon mousse and dark chocolate fondue.  The fondue was really good with fresh fruits and divine chocolate.
I was disappointed that when we took our dishes to the counter out of courtesy, not even so much as a "thank you" from the lady behind the counter.  Rude.This tiny chocolate cafe has a definite European flair. Brightly lit, beautifully decorated, it brings out my candy loving inner six year old (princess) self! 
There is just so much to choose from. The handcrafted chocolate makes great inexpensive gifts. I gave lavender flavored chocolates for Christmas one year and everyone loved them! The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful when I needed something shipped. 
My favorite has to be the Aztec Sipping Chocolate. I've never managed to finish even one of those tiny cups. They are just so rich and so delectable. You definitely get your money's worth and will be thinking about the experience the next time you're stuck with a mediocre dessert!I am writing this review based on my expectations of Naked and my one trip. I will revise as more trips come along.
I have been dreaming about Naked since I first heard about it a few months ago. Many people were supposed to go with me on my search for delicious dessert but for one reason or another each trip got canceled.
I finally got to visit Naked last night after walking in a 5 block radius because my companion who said she knew where it was, forgot.
First impression: cute! It was well lit and bustling with customers. I liked the way the chocolates and desserts were set up and decorated. After perusing their selection I decided to be adventurous and get the Key Lime Cupcake. It looked yummy.
My first bite was delicious but, alas! Where was the lime part?? After more nibbling around the edges, my fork came up bright green. And when I say bright green I mean a sickly nasty shade of green, reminiscent of the slime from Nickelodion.
I FOUND THE LIME! There was a huge glob of this green lime center in the center of the cupcake. It did not really make sense the way the cake was constructed. Why not spread a thin layer of the lime under the icing that way you could taste the lime with every bite rather than being overwhelmed with a huge glob of lime filling when halfway through the cake? 
Other than the poorly constructed cake, which would have been delicious had it not been for that lime center, Naked seemed like a promising little store for whenever I have cravings for good dessert. i will definitely return and hopefully the other desserts will be better.Spring is almost here, yet I can't wait for the fall so that the pumpkin nudo will return to Naked Chocolate.  So moist, so perfectly spiced.  I hope to one day meet a man I am capable of missing as much as I miss that nudo.
Not much to say that hasn't been said.  Skip the frozen coffee drinks; overpriced and not that great.  The hot chocolate is super rich.  I can't imagine drinking more than a small.  That strawberry cupcake is amazing, even if it is completely void of chocolate.  The icing tastes like it was made by mashing strawberries into vanilla frosting.  The peanut butter cupcake is absolute perfection.  You can taste the cocoa in the cake, and the icing isn't too sweet.  It balances beautifully.  I love that they sell bags of imperfect (but still delicious) chocolate.  The chai chocolate makes me so happy.  Whenever they're selling it I pick it up.  And those chocolate covered Belgian waffles?  I could tell you what I think of those, but I don't want to get charged with obscenity. 
I love that Naked Chocolate is open late.  Take your date there and share something sweet.  Just don't make it the Oreo tart.  Maybe it's because I was there at 9:30 at night and it had been sitting around for too long, but that thing tasted like refrigerator.  To be completely honest though, it was pretty yummy anyway.It's ALL good!.  Whether you have a sweet tooth or not it is worth the visit.  Trust me on this.  Do not order dessert at your restaurant, if you are close to Naked, just take the trip.This place satisfies my chocolate cravings any day. It has amaaazing cheesecake. And hot chocolate (duh). I also loved the peanut butter tart. Very sweet but just how I like it. 
The chocolates they sell from the window selection are wonderful too! I shaved them up to make homemade hot chocolate and it was awesome. Made my life complete that week. 
Everything is very rich and luxurious here. If you just ate a whole meal and are stuffed, get something to bring back to eat later. This stuff is like a meal in itself. Enjoy!I love their thick European hot choc, their lovely cakes and tea offerings here! I make it a point to come here when I used to have to travel to Philly for client meetings. This makes a great afternoon treat. I also purchase a lot of their tin cans for my home consumption as well as as gifts to others. Love love love this place!This is one of my favorite places to stop by in the city. There are numerous Naked Chocolate Cafe locations around Philadelphia, but I have only gone to this one. They have an entire menu of drinking chocolates alone. I will sometimes come here with a book or papers that I need to work on and sit at the front window with hot chocolate or a dessert. They have a wide variety of unique chocolates, as well as desserts and other treats. I tried one of the oreo desserts which I found to be a bit sweet, but other than that I have never been disappointed. This place has a great atmosphere which I frequent quite often.if youre looking for a dessert spot this is a place you must check out..  great desserts! obviously tons of choices when it comes to chocolate..
altho the cupcakes here were whatever. haha but the venue is called naked chocolate so eat chocolate when you go here!I bought one of the pre-made assorted chocolate boxes and found a long strand of hair twisted around the candies inside.  Disgusting.  I'm not sure how they did NOT catch that prior to tying up the boxes and selling it to customers.  This was a sordid disappointment, as the boxes are not cheap - $10 for 9 small candies.  They make these in giant bulk lots, pre-box some of them, and leave the rest out in the open on the counter for customers to create their own assortments.  This is a good concept except there are no sneeze guards or covers to keep dirt, debris, and hair out of the candy.  Not cool or sanitary.  I'm from New York City and hoped a charming place like this in Philly can live up to its self-proclaimed boutique standards.  However, having visited true gems like Jacques Torres, Leonidas, and Max Brenner in NYC, I don't think the quality or cleanliness of Naked Chocolate Cafe can escalate it to "artisan" standards.  If you want coffee or baked goods, go ahead and give them a shot.  However, for gifts and candies, save yourself from being grossed out and order online from a more reputable place.I give this place 5 stars. Hands down for this "Nakid Chocolit Cafi" 
All of my GF luvs this place soooo much. 
The chocolate is delish. The frozen drinks will help you to escape one of those 100F summer day and the decor is smart. You can see they make the chocolate thru the huge glass window.Naked Chocolate Cafe makes absolutely beautiful chocolate creations.  At the front of the store were custom Philly chocolate treats, like a block of chocolate with Ben Franklin and the Liberty Bell, and chocolate pops with the LOVE sign.  There were also artistic creations like chocolate paint palettes and chocolate iPods!  As we walked down the line, there were an assortment of filled chocolate truffles and pieces; Venezuelan chocolate with ganache filling handpainted, chocolate butterflies filled with lavender honey - so many options.  These could be sold individually, by the pound, or in assorted  boxes, placed in an EDIBLE chocolate box - amazing!!
The dessert case was even more outstanding - lemon tarts, Oreo chocolate mousse, brownies - the options were endless.  But we wanted to try what Naked Chocolate Cafe was most known for - the reason people came out on this bittercold day and were lined up down the block.    Two words - drinking chocolate.  Available in frozen chocolate or regular, melted down chocolate, you could get a Petit, Indulgent or 'We'll Never Tell' glass of pure, naked chocolate; with added in spices and flavors to keep you coming back for more.
The choices were classic - a blend of milk and dark chocolates.  Bittersweet, with deep chocolate.  Aztec - full-bodied chocolate with nutmeg, cinnamon, cardamom and cloves, or spicy - chocolate with spices.  They were made European or American style.  The American was served with the chocolate in a glass, and a heap of hipped cream and wafer on the side.  The European version was served in a taller glass, with the chocolate on bottom and whipped cream on top.  We opted for the American version, since I'm not a big fan of whipped cream.
The drinking chocolate was delicious.  It was like sipping some of the finest, thickest chocolate I'd ever tasted.  We had the Spicy version; the spices gave it just a little kick but didn't affect the flavor too much.  The Petit size was perfect for the two of us to share without being overwhelming, since it was heavy and decadent.
We watched as people ate the chocolate fondue, which for $8 was a reasonable price in comparison to what I've seen fondue charged in NY, and it came with rice krispie treats, marshmallows,and strawberries.  This is a must-try next time I come back here!  They were giving out samples of the lemon tart, and even though I'm strictly a chocolate girl, the tart was amazing - cakey and buttery, and the sample almost got me to buy a piece to bring back with me.After indulging in a tasty Chinatown noodle adventure, I bumped into my girlfriend on bike and we decided to run into this place for a snack.  
We sat on the plush couch in the corner after paying, and dug in.
I had a chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting.  Freaking' great.  She let me try her vanilla cupcake with strawberry frosting...It was like strawberries exploding in my mouth.  She also swears by the iced coffee and other baked goods.  
4 stars for great cupcakes but no line control! I'll add another if my next visit is as good.I really miss the Naked Chocolate Cafe (they have been closed a while). They had really good cold chocolate drinks but my favorite was their Aztec hot chocolate that was about as thick as motor oil. It was really good but almost too intense.I wish they had one of these in DC! This place was awesome. We got their sipping chocolate, Aztec Chocolate, a chocolate covered pretzel with oreos and just a plain old waffer. I loved this place the second I walked in and wish we could have stayed longer.
Bring your appetites!Great drinking chocolate menu.  good unique flavored chocolates.  Nice place for a quick dessert.this place can be busy and hour of the day....which means they are doing something right.  My friend and I each decided on the Hawaian Sipping Chocolate.  Really good.  And my friend also wanted a cupcake- a vanilla one!  Also very tasty!  
Sunday afternoon they also have live music which was a nice touch.
Just a wonderful place to go with anyone who loves Sweetness in their lives!!!Ambiance:  The atmosphere can really vary depending on the time of day and day of the week.  Weekend nights can be really packed with few to no options for seating and pretty loud noise levels.  But that is the extreme and often not the atmosphere.  I usually stop by in the middle of the day as I passing through the neighborhood and it is quiet and charming.  A couple tables with some friends chatting and plenty of options for you to sit (cushy seats in the back and people watching up front).
Service:  Always friendly and accommodating.
Food:  I have tried lots of items and always been pleased.  The chocolates are a little bit pricey so I prefer to select the more exotic flavored ones which I cannot buy elsewhere.  The dessert bars (junk in the trunk) are tasty, but can be dry.  The cupcakes are good - my favorite are the ones with peanut butter frosting!  Don't forget to check out the refrigerated case on the other side of the register!  The mousse pies are okay, but not packed with flavor.  My favorite is the mocha cake - amazing!  Many of the refrigerated items taste even better if you give them some time to warm up and the texture is much softer.
Overall:  A charming spot with some unique and well made treats.A unique experience that you would only find in a big, food-loving city like Philadelphia. This place is amazing. I am a chocoholic and this place never lets me down when I'm in need of a chocolate fix. Fellow chocolate lovers must try their European-style hot chocolate (Aztec) and mocha torte. Their cheesecakes are also fantastic.How I love thee...oh, let me count the ways!
These guys make some of the best desserts in town. Try the raspberry bar and ask them to pour some of the sipping chocolate on top for you. It's a little taste of heaven.
Avoid heading over here on a Saturday afternoon as it sees more tourist traffic than the Liberty Bell.alright. so after all these great reviews i went here... i ordered a petite hot chocolate european style and the peanut butter cupcake... am i ordering the wrong things? for some reason i wasn't that good for me... i wasn't blown away... maybe it was a bad night... i'll give it another tryI really miss naked chocolate even though they've been closed for a while. Your chocolate cakes, drinks and pastries were some of the best in Philadelphia. I remember coming to this place and enjoyed sitting at the café with some scrumptious desserts. What a loss to Philadelphia.Normally I have to  drag people into places like this to get a quick fix.  On this occasion a visiting friend from Minneapolis wanted to run in for a cold drink so naturally I had to be accommodating.  Once we entered I realized that I had a big decision on my hands as Naked Chocolate is well stocked and ready to serve (I'm getting excited all over again).  I opted for the hard core drinking chocolate which is basically melted chocolate in an espresso cup. I watched it being made God forbid they give me some diluted milk chocolate concoction by mistake. They prepared it very quickly and heart pounding I carefully brought the cup and saucer to the table almost wiping out once because my flip-flop flopped off.  Heart pounding I took the first sip.......oh yeah it's the real thing.  Half way through I cleansed my palate with my friends' apple lemonade and then knocked off the rest.  WOW.  I had a serious chocolate high.  When I go back again (and I will go back) I will try the European Hot Chocolate because as much as I liked the drinking chocolate it was a little bit too thick.After not having chocolate for almost 3 weeks I caved because I was "on vacation" and went for a drinking chocolate here. Not a bad place to break my rule at all! 
I got the "Classic" which is supposed to be a blend of milk and dark chocolate. You can choose between American style (with some milk to thin it out) or European style (straight up chocolate, very thick and rich). I picked the Euro style and got it in a to-go cup just in case I couldn't handle all the choco. 
The wafer is a MUST HAVE. I even went back to ask for extras for my friend because we both decided that the wafer dipped in chocolate is heavenly and they don't give enough wafer. I tried using it as a straw which worked for a sec and then I realized it was coating the inside of the wafer into a delicious tube which I promptly devoured. 
Afterward you may feel a little sluggish and satiated but it is a good, good feeling.
They also sell some pretty chocolates (chocolate art boxes with chocolate inside of them!) and have a variety of desserts. So much fun!Today I was introduced to the wonderful world of Naked Chocolates hot chocolate by a new, dear friend. 
I have always given naked chocolate boxes as hostess gifts, as they are local, and the boxes are beautiful, but have never sat and enjoyed anything inside. 
Today I went for a hot chocolate and ended up staying for close to three hours, chatting! About halfway through our stay, there was live music! Amazing. 
I had the spicy hot chocolate, which I ordered "European style," (aka thick and delicious, the way hot chocolate is meant to be) and it was amazing. Every spoonful was like eating heaven with the slightest bit of heat at the back of your throat.
My companion had the Hawaiian hot chocolate which has salt and caramel. Also delicious. 
Each comes with a huge mountain of whipped cream. Delicious whipped cream.
A perfect Sunday afternoon. Serious.A fantastic find for a chocolate cafe in the city.  The chocolate flavors and types vary, and you can find all sorts of gems that you wouldn't be able to find anywhere else.  The hot chocolate is not your typical type, but ask them about the style and the flavors.
The place is busy, but you can usually find a table if you wait long enough.  The only way you could make it better was to have some food (sandwiches, even if limited) served along side, but I don't think they are going for that type of cafe style.On my cupcake taste testing binge I hit up Naked before noon on a Saturday.  No cupcakes were ready, but I didn't mind waiting for them to freshly ice my order.  The price doesn't include tax, which hikes them up above the competition.
The icing?  HEAVENLY!  Incredibly decadent chocolate icing that held its shape yet melted on your tongue.  It was soooo good.
The cake?  Dry, tasteless and dare I say salty - couldn't finish it.
I'll be back for a bag of icing.My first experience with Naked Chocolate was during a gourmet food tour...great experience!!  We got to eat all kinds of goodies plus actually go into the kitchen to see everything.  All chocolates are made on site by hand and is DELICIOUS!  Be sure to see ALL that they have otherwise you might miss out on something good.
I have gone back a few times since to try the stuffed cupcakes which are huge and fed 3 of us for dessert and coffee.  It was ok, really sweet but it was different.  It's a small place but cute and staff is friendly.This is the only Naked Chocolate that is still a Naked Chocolate. The chocolate offerings and baked goods are still delicious. I love to walk in and be able to order a piece or two of chocolate - a tiny decadent treat. Mmm. 
They're getting docked stars for the attitude of the staff at my last visit. At the two former-Naked-Chocolate shops, the staff are always attentive, friendly and helpful. The two girls who were working the last time I visited this location made no eye contact and offered no help while I was looking at the chocolates, I had to walk to the counter and ask to be helped. I got the distinct impression that they thought I was wasting their time by ordering 2 single pieces of chocolate. I stop by Naked Chocolate for a treat - I don't need you killing my buzz with poor customer service.really yummy and friendly. stopped in for some coffee after dinner with my family and so cute they had chocolate bats for the world series, in which the phillies were playing. LOVE that. the coffee and desserts were all good as was the selection. the ambience was comfy and intimate and they stayed open nice and late for us. wish we had shops like that here in LA....Come hungry. I recommend the bittersweet European-style hot chocolate. It was ganache in a glass. So good.3 words:  banana pudding cupcake!   Being from the south (where banana pudding is a staple of everyday life) and a lover of both banana pudding and cupcakes -  this is the perfect combination. Also this place is perfect for the after dinner treat. They have good coffee, other great bakery items, and an awesome selection of chocolates and truffles. Like Hall and Oates said:  You make ah my dreams come true....2 days ago was goin' there with my friend.. And like other reviewer here, i tried the Frozen Aztec Blend one with a vanilla-strawberry cupcake. And wow, it was awesome, the frozen aztec so tasteful, so chocolatey.. The shopkeeper so nice and helpful, i'll go back again once i need some desert, its so highly recomended for those who love chocolate and desert much.. ^_^