Best banh mi in town! They bake fresh bread everyday and it's the perfect texture you want for a banh mi. They also make their own ingredients, including the meat paste which I think is the most important component when ordering the original style. I also appreciate that the lady takes her time and puts it all together nicely. There are places that makes them in a rush and are sloppy. They could really spice up the place and make it look better, but still, this is my go to place whenever I crave me a banh mi!Banh Mi is delicious. French baguettes filled with Vietnamese flavors? I love it. Fresh-baked loaves make the difference, too. I'm a firm believer that a sandwich is only as good as its bread and Nam Son doesn't fail to deliver. Red BBQ pork was great and so were the egg rolls that accompanied them. Love this spot. It's not full service by any means, so hit it up for lunch.$10 minimum on card. The bakery is right next to the Big 8 Supermarket. Had to check out this spot because people have been talking up the tofu banh mi. 
Yes, it is as delicious as others made it out to be. The bread comes out piping hot, crunchy, and delicious. Tofu has a delicious tangy sauce sauce on it and the veggies are all really crispy and fresh. Will be back to try the BBQ pork. This is straight up one of the best places to get banh mi here in Philly. Not the greatest milk tea though; the tapioca pearls were stale. 
Fun decor. Appreciated the random elliptical next to the drinks display case lol. Store could use a thorough cleaning... there were crumbs everywhere, and reused baskets for meals. Owners were really nice and offered to answer any questions we had about any of the other items floating around the storefront.This Banh mi is one of the best Banh Mis in Philadelphia without a doubt. The customer service was great, as we walked in and were joyfully greeted by the husband and wife that own this bakery. I ordered the tofu Banh mi (for $4,40) and the tofu was marinated so perfectly, served with pickled carrots, fresh jalapeño, and cilantro on a perfectly crunchy French-viet baguette.  Serving size wise, it was a very generous portion (and quite frankly could have shared one Banh mi between my friend and I!) They also sell baked good ands HUGE packages of homemade kimchi for five dollars which looked fabulous - will update on quality next time. And they also had summer rolls, cookies, desserts, etc. for sale. The decor is what one should expect at a hole in the wall bakery.I've been there several times and always had a great experience.  The Banh Mis are the best I've had in Philadelphia (or anywhere else).  Pork, Chicken, Tofu are all delicious.  They also have good cold drinks, bubble tea, and other baked goods.  The prices are very fair, I always end up getting 2 sandwiches.The Banh Mi are huge and have a pretty generous amount of meat in them. They make the bread in house, and it has just the right balance between being chewy and crispy. I also found my favorite che with bananas and tapioca. Goi cuon (summer rolls) were pretty good. This place should not be missed if you are hungry for vietnamese snacks.Nam Son Restaurant & Bakery
1601 WASHINGTON AVE 19146
17 violations, 10 serious.
No hot water; cigarette butts on toilet room floor; empty paper towel dispensers; uncovered spring rolls; German roaches behind deep freezer and on shelving over sink; roach eggs in kitchen soap dispenser; mouse droppings on prep table; no sanitizing taking place; black residue and pink slime in ice machine; food held at hazardous temperatures; mouse droppings at tea bar and bakery, in customer seating area and on top of prep table. Ordered to close immediately for minimum of 48 hours on June 7. Previously ordered to cease operations Aug. 29, 2014.Nam Son is a classic Vietnamese restaurant in a Vietnamese strip mall. 
Nam Son Bakery is next door and is the take-out joint for the main restaurant. 
They offer some awesome Banh Mis, smoothies, and bubble tea. Also have a pretty large selection of items to grab-and-go. Perfect place when you want some Vietnamese food and are in a rush.I was looking for a good banh mi place. Tried a couple places that were okay then I find this little gem. Situated right next to a grocery store. The barbecue pork banh mi is just perfection with tender juicy pork, pickled carrots and cucumber, cilantro, hot peppers on a warm and crispy baguette. Went back there a few times and the sandwiches are consistently awesome. There are countless items to buy there from pastries to snacks to egg roll. They also serve boba tea and many other refreshing drinks. The banh mi are really reasonably priced about $7 dollars for one. Credit card with minimum of $10. The place has three little tables if you want to eat there, most people just take theirs to go as do I. Parking lot that is almost always full but I never had a problem finding a spot after a couple of minutes patiently waiting lol. I will be back for more :)Seems there are a ton of reviews related to the tofu bahn mi. I'm a meat eater so forget that tofu stuff and give me the BBQ pork bahn mi. 
Traditional bahn mi - BBQ pork, carrots, daikon radish, cucumber, cilantro, and jalapeños. The spiciness can vary greatly depending on the jalapeños they use, but that's any dish really. I've had ones that taste like green peppers and some that burn my mouth off. Use the coconut or various other flavors of boba tea to cool it down. 
Like another reviewer said, if there's a better bahn mi in Philadelphia, I haven't found it.This was such an awesome find. We had the shredded pork and BBQ chicken bah mi both were awesome, but the chicken was the favorite for sure. The bread was delicious and fresh baked. It was super reasonable also like less than 6 dollars each. The bubble tea was also good and price average about 4 dollars each.Still some of the best banh mi in Philly. Today I also got a fresh-from-the-fryer spring roll and it was delicious. Service is exceptionally friendly. This is the place I keep coming back to for takeout on my way home.Wow, not good. I was so excited to have the chicken bahn mi again after I enjoyed it so much the first time. But this time, the bread was hard and the sandwich was too salty. After the unsatisfying meal, I checked the latest reviews to find the latest sanitation grade/evaluation.
Absolutely horrified/ disgusted. Will not be coming back.I've never had banh mi before but I now know what I been missing out on all my life. I ordered chicken banh mi through Grubhub and I can't believe a relatively healthy sandwich could taste so good. Tastes fresh and comes with jalapeños so make sure you specify if you don't want the extra spice! I haven't made it down to the actual restaurant yet but delivery has not yet let me down. 
Highly recommend this Vietnamese gem!The best of the best. Nothing negative to say. I doubt you will find a better bbq pork Banh Mi!The tofu banh mi is unreal, seriously. If I wasn't so worried about that much bread consumption doing permanent damage, I'd get lunch here every single day. It's right down the street from my office and it is incredibly difficult to resist the temptation. I swear I can hear the bubble tea calling me from three blocks away. 
Everyone at my office loves this place, it's so reasonably priced, service is quick and friendly, and the food is top notch. It must be the best banh mi place in Philadelphia.I walked from Girard Ave. to Washington Ave. for the French roll. I have no problem with that. 
Prices are pretty ace, and the tofu bahn mi is my second favorite in life (behind the now defunct Same Same, which makes Nam Son the current best...oh, and the aforementioned restaurant used to order their bread from here).Had the Vietnamese hoagie. Just got the cold cuts ( ham and pork) one. It was delicious. Will be back to try the rest of them. Glad I found this place.While the Banh Mi (BBQ Pork) was first rate, due especially to the French baguette loaf made in house with great texture, taste and crunch, the rest of the show leaves something to be desired.  
We sampled the Egg Custard Tarts that came in packages of two and wrapped in plastic.  The result was that the crust was soft and soggy, while the custard filling seemed to be under baked.  The Durian and Jackfruit Smoothies seemed from a mix concentrate, and not based in fresh fruit which were available nearby in local supermarkets.  Overly sweet and sealed so the actual drink could not be viewed unless the plastic top was cut away. Once opened, the distinct rotten egg odor of the durian fruit wafted out.  At least it had been authentic when the concentrate was first prepared. 
The biggest shock at Nam Son was how dirty it was inside.  A floor that hadn't been cleaned in a long time; car tires stored next to the drink display case, no gloves used in food preparation, reused woven wicker baskets that bore the stains of past meals. 
Best of Philly Award in the category Banh Mi may be warranted, but it has some serious competition around town. Owner was friendly and engaging with customers, but he really should make an effort to upgrade hygiene in his shop.Great bakery with the best Bahn Mi in philly for sure! I recently moved farther way from this spot and i miss it tremendously.Best Banh Mi in town hands down. Food tends to get spicier as the day goes on, so go for lunch if you're a babyLove this bakery for the Banh Mi's! Honestly, this is my favorite banh mi spot in Philadelphia. The bread, meat, fillings are all perfect. They have a decent selection and they offer a free banh mi for every 5 you buy.
I normally order large orders over the phone and pick them up. I've never had any issues. You can tell the owner cares about the quality of the banh mi.
Preference - Grilled Pork Banh Mi 
Conclusion - Delicious and simple! Not a ton more needs to be said. When you need your fix, come by this spot!Incredibly fresh tasting baguettes! Only wish I would have ordered dessert and about 3 more thai teas , they're too good !Get the grilled pork with extra pickled veg, and grab a baguette to go.  As a matter of fact, you're crazy if you don't grab a baguette to go!  I can't find a better bahn mi in the city.We stopped in around 5 pm on a Saturday and place was empty.  Three banh mi took about 20 minutes to prepare which was a bad sign.  The seating was covered in crumbs and tables were dirty.  Saw a worker kneeling on the floor inexplicably shaving avocado into a large cardboard fruit box.  I do not have experience in food prep so they might know something I do not.  But when it is done on the floor into what looks like a shipping box I get concerned.  
We ordered the #2, 7 and 6, they actually tasted decent except the #7.  Main complaint while eating was the vegetables were not properly prepared and distributed throughout the sandwich.  Example: the put in a whole green onion lengthwise (not chopped) meaning on the first bite I wasn't able to cleanly cut through the sandwich with my teeth and ended up pulling half the veggies out.  The veggies were not fresh either which contributed to this problem - not being crispy enough to cleanly bite through.
A few hours after eating their banh mi my stomach began to ache.  Frequent trips to the bathroom and constant pain as I am writing this.  I can't know for sure if this is due to the food I ate here but I really suspect this place is the cause.  I do not recommend eating here based on my experience today.My brother is a vegetarian and I always come to nam son bakery to get him his banh mi. He loves it and he said their tofu always taste fresh. So if you are a vegetarian and want to try a banh mi. This is the place to go. They also have little Vietnamese snacks upfront and their staff are always nice.Nam Son...more like DAMN SON
Best kimchi I have ever had! It is SO fresh and so delicious (and pungent). This stuff is no joke. You can smell it without even opening the container and sometimes it is even a bit fizzy, which I LOVE. Whenever I start to feel sick I stop by and get some of their kimchi and I always feel better. The baked goods are awesome! Love the mung bean cake especially, though it is very greasy. 
Tofu bahn mi is my favorite I've ever had. Just perfect. Staff is also super friendly! Prices (in store) are incredible and better than any other place I've been.The owner is a fantastic guy and the ban mi and dessert is . Plenty of parking too. I'll be telling my co-workers about it.I passed by this location many times before finally stopping in this morning to get my banh mi and café sua da fix. I'm glad I did. I found the banh mi rolls to be fresh as well as the contents of my xa xiu (bbq pork). The veggies were plentiful and crisp as well - not soggy like several of the other banh mi shops around the Washington Avenue area. There are a few tables inside and the a/c was working well. Tom, the owner, is a real friendly guy and we shared a few chats about Vietnam since I travel there often with my family. I found some small chairs outside to eat and enjoy the fresh air. The only thing I wish they had was freshly brewed Café Sua Da. It was ok, but pre-mixed in a container. That's just my opinion. I guess I'm spoiled for the freshly brewed. No biggie. All in all a great little spot easy to find just opposite the Big 8 Supermarket and plenty of parking space on the convenient lot.Best banh mi in Philly. Why? Consistency!! 
Lot's of places serve great banh mi but go one place several times and you find those issues. Not here! You get great to amazing banh mi every time.  
Excellent ca phe sua da and banh tieu as well or it just means I have a sweet toothSo Good. I've had a lot of Bahn Mi's and this was perhaps the best. 
On the the Pork BBQ Bahn Mi (2A), The bread, the flavor and marinade of the pork, the fresh veggies, the jalepenos.... everything was fresh and amazing. And for only $5? I'll be back here again. Maybe tomorrow.Tried the BBQ Pork (#2A). Well-priced, great bread, and good flavors. The ingredients inside were delicious. The pork was good, but was the only component of the sandwich that I felt missed the mark slightly. Just too fatty and not enough bbq flavor. 4/5.Fast and a great value for the money.  The tofu banh mi is excellent, with fresh-baked bread and fresh vegetables.  The Vietnamese yogurt is decadent.I love meat, but once in a while I crave their tofu banh mi. I dont know how they braised the tofu, but its good. Their pastries are good, their kimchi is too sweet for my Korean tastebuds, but does the job when I have a kimchi emergency.I tend to frequent the Asian grocers in the Vietnamese shopping plazas located along Washington Ave. Today, I noticed a new addition to the plaza on 16th and Washington. Nam Son, an awesome Viet restaurant for noodles and soups, opened a separate bakery last week.
 Inside  are a whole lot of pre packaged snacks, like summer rolls plus banh mi and smoothies,  similar to most Viet bakeries in town.
I picked up a kinda weird looking container of pink globs. What are they? Gluttonous rice flour dumplings, filled with dry shrimp and pork, topped with cilantro and shallots. The contrasting textures of the gloopy dumpling skin and crunchy whole shrimp is fun.
Its always good to see previously unused spaces occupied by providers of good food. I'll have to be back to check out their banh mi.I've been back here now maybe 4 or 5 times. It is such a good deal, for such a large sandwich. Why would you ever choose subway again! The BBQ pork is my go-to. The bread is fresh and soft, the veggies and flavorful meet balance each other out perfectly. There is a nice selection of Vietnamese treats and pastries, which are fun to try out on occasion even though I have no idea what they are! The people who work there are really good at customer service- I ordered a bubble tea and it wasn't sealed right and was leaking out the top. They poured it into a new cup, resealed it, made sure it wasn't leaking, and put the whole thing in a bag in case it leaks again, without me having to ask them to do that.
To save some time- call ahead with your order. It takes about 15 mins. Parking can be tough on a weekend. Also, there is only one small table on site, so the sandwiches are best eaten on the comfort of your own couch!Hands down my favorite tofu banh mi in South Philly. Really great, fresh bread. Perfectly spicy jalapenos. The only tofu banh mi I like more than Nam Son's is the one they make over at Stock in Fishtown, but that's a whole other style and a whole other neighborhood. If you're in South Philly and hankering for a traditional banh mi, I'd definitely check out this place.This place was not the cleanest, but it certainly was not as dirty as some other patrons complained. The banh mi was amazing -- I got the tofu one, and it was so flavorful! I also got a box of the fried flower cookies. I told the cashier it was fine to put them in the same bag, but she was so concerned over the possibility of me breaking one of their finely crafted cookies. The prices are very reasonable. I am coming back here for sure!Was referred to this by a friend who lives in the area and eats here almost every day. Definitely one of the top 2 Vietnamese places I have found in the city. Their banh mi and spring rolls are spot on near perfect. Their desserts were delicious too. My only complaint (and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5) is that we could not sample more of their food because despite having walls covered in menus. They seemed out of almost everything. Most of what we got was pre-made from the refrigerator case or display shelves. They were also out of all drinks except 3, which turned out to be very very sweet with a strong artificial flavor taste. If this were closer or if I am ever in the neighborhood again, I would definitely give it another try.Driven past a zillion times and always kind of wondered about this place. Heard nothing but good things too. Finally, we stopped by for a quick, casual lunch after my girls begged for Bahn Mi. Umm..love them! 
We entered the tiny spot on the corner Washington Ave through their parking lot they share with a Vietnamese market. (That's also where you'll find restroom as Nam Son doesn't have their own). We appreciated the easy parking situation here. 
Our tofu Bahn Mi were ready in about 5 minutes although you can order ahead via Yelp. They were fantastic!! So good! I actually want to split another right now!! Perfectly crunchy carrots and cucumbers, fresh cilantro and almost de-seeded jalapeño for the right amount of kick. Perfectly toasted roll and the tofu has a bite to it. It was drenched in a tasty, zingy sauce and the sauce didn't take away from the "meatiness" of the tofu by making it soggy! 
Fried doughnuts were also purchased for a mere $1.15 and well liked by all. 
They have a few other offering besides Bahn Mi and pastries. I definitely want to try the tofu summer rolls sometime soon! The red bean goods looked tempting also. 
I absolutely seeing us order to-go here often. 
Staff were friendly. 
Prices were super fair. 
All around good stop. 
A few tables inside and a few chairs outside to enjoy your goods. We sat outside on a gorgeous day and didn't even mind the fact that we were indeed in parking lot on lawn chairs. 
$10 card minimum.Best bahn mi I've had and their pork dumplings are the great.My roommates and I come here all the time and love this place! It's super authentic, and the owners/workers are so sweet and friendly all the time. The bread is so fresh and delicious, their homemade kimchi is incredible, and I love their banh mi! Our favorites are the tofu one (~$5) and the BBQ pork (~$6) one. They're both very filling, perfect for lunch or an early dinner. We live close to here so we go all the time, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who wants authentic banh mi.I've tried other bahn mi sandwiches further down Washington Ave and the BBQ pork one here is the best! The bread is amazing! It's a perfect bread, meat and veggie combo. Plus, it's only two blocks from my house. A gift and a curse. I went there almost everyday at first. The bubble teas and Thai tea are good too as well as the banana bread (it's more like a bread pudding). Yum!Top contender for best tofu banh mi I've ever had.  Not only is it only $4.00, the roll is long & stuffed with goodness.  Freshly fried tofu (not the gross pressed tofu roll) is on a warmed roll with the usual cilantro, pickled daikon/carrot and a yummy dressing/mayo spread.  Oh and jalapenos for that added kick  My only gripe would be not enough cilantro in my sandwich.  But overall it was the tastiest, freshest and most delicious thing I've eaten in a while.  And I wasn't even hungry!  I just couldn't resist trying a new banh mi spot since I was right there shopping at the Big 8.
Anyway, they were fairly busy at 4 pm on a Sunday afternoon.  One guy order bags full of banh mi goodness ahead of me.  They also have summer rolls and the usual hard-to-identify Vietnamese sweets on the counter and in the cold cases.  The egg tarts were a little overpriced, but they were brought in from Chinatown so I guess you pay for the convenience.  
They also have bubble tea drinks and a little take-out hot counter.  I was too distracted by my banh mi mission to investigate further though.  Oh, and the credit card minimum is $15, so have cash if you're only getting food for yourself.  Totally worth the trip to this plaza for those Viet hoagies alone.  I promise you won't be disappointed.A few months later, more than a few bahn mi, and I could easily suggest a Michelin rating for Nam Son, however they don't need something so stuffy and stiff. They have a champion for life in me.The best banh mis I've had in Philly (although I won't pretend to be the ultimate authority on banh mis).
I checked out this unassuming spot (I'm a sucker for hole in the wall gems) for the first time a few months ago based on Yelp reviews. Since then I have gotten the BBQ pork banh mi to go on multiple occasions. Let's just say, the food here is anything but unassuming.
The pork is consistently tender, well-seasoned, oozing nice pork grease onto the freshly toasted crunchy french baguette, and the rest of the sandwich is completed by pickled veggies which intensify the flavor profile (in a good way). Because these banh mis are made to order, which takes some time, I usually call ahead of time to place my orders. It does not hurt that the owner has one of the most cheery voices/tones ever. "Yes, we do take credit card, honey." "2 orders of BBQ pork banh mi? Sure honey." 
"You want the iced Vietnamese coffee? Yes honey, but order it in person so I'll make it fresh for you." Did i mention the Vietnamese coffee here is pretty great too?
As of today, the banh mis are still only $5 each. I would say that's a very small price to pay for a very happy belly.If there's a better bahn mi in the city I haven't had it. Once you get the tofu you'll probably never order anything else. And I love how reasonable the prices are. Five stars all day!Mmmmmmmmmmm.  Tofu Bahn Mi. Mmmmmmmmmmmm
Too tired to cook but too broke to go sit down at a restaurant? I call in an order for some Bahn Mi, hop on my bike and bingo: I've got dinner.  It's always good and the people are always friendly. One word of warning: Have a beverage handy. The hot peppers can be downright painful, but when it comes to Bahn Mi, I'm a masochist. Bring on the pain. Oh yeah, it hurts so good.Very enjoyable meal! The owner was extremely friendly and went above and beyond to ensure that my partner and I had a great experience. We both ordered the tofu Bahn Mi ans enjoyed the sweet spicy balance. Amazingly affordable as well!Now the food is good, just to get that out the way. They usually have a few things I like and pick out. And damn tasty. Cool for that. 
But gosh, do some maintenance. IE, wipe the tables, floors and sweep the outside. There were a million pigeons in the front nibbling at the crumbs.HOLY SHMOLY!
The bread knocked me /dead/. Warm, crisp, and light baguettes baked in-house smothered with delicious grease. The ingredients inside were fresh and tasty too, but the powerhouse of this sandwich is the bangin bread. And it's inexpensive, too.
I regret the years of my life not eating this sandwich. Can't wait to go back.Good spot for a Bahn Mi.  I was really hoping that this place would blow me away, but perhaps it was an off night.  Not my favorite Bahn Mi, but tasty nonetheless.  The staff was incredibly friendly too. 
#1 Cold Cut Bahn Mi:
In my opinion, this was the better of the two.  Really good flavor, but I found it a little dry.  Could just be me, but nothing sucks more than a sandwich that lacks moisture.  A little more pate or mayo would have gone a long way.
#7 Meatball with Tomato Sauce:
Good sauce, but I wasn't crazy about it.  I believe the woman said that this was their most popular menu item so I think it's definitely worth a try.Best tofu banh mi ever!! They even deliver with grub hub! I love that they have so many meat free options.I think this place makes the best BBQ pork bahn mi in town. And the tofu one, while not as good as Fu Wah, is pretty good as well. But vegans and mayonnaise haters beware: the tofu hoagie comes with mayo unless you request otherwise.
So why only 2 stars? The service here is atrocious. I've been here 3 times. Once they totally messed up my order. And once I had to wait 1/2 hour for 2 sandwiches. Meanwhile, 3-4 groups of people who came after us got their sandwiches. I don't think they ever would have made them if I wouldn't have told the cashier that we had been waiting 25 minutes. Unless this place can get their act together, there are so many other places in town that I'd rather give my money to.Got a banh mi sandwich (heo nuong) here last year. 
The sandwich was good & reasonably priced at $5.
Service was fine.The best Vietnamese hoagie in Philly in my opinion. Their hoagies are filled with a good amount of meat stuffed into their fresh, homemade and crispy bread! *drooling*  
My favorites are Bang Mi Thit Nguoi and Banh Mi Thit Nuong!
Other banh mi locations are either too soggy or do not have enough chicken or pork...to feed my very hungry boyfriend haha. I deduct one star because sometimes, it takes 30 min waiting time just for two hoagies depending on who is working. 
Quick tip: if you're ordering a few, call ahead of time so you can swing by and pay for it rather than wait awhile.Best Banh Mi in Philly. Baguette is never hard or sharp as some banh mi tends to be. Some places toast their bread and make them very unpleasant to eat. However I never had that issue with here. It's a grab and go place more than anything so don't expect seating. But it's a great treat.
Warning. They put some hot pepper in the middle of some sandwiches, it may be an unpleasant surprise.
Recommend. The pork belly banh mi or shredded pork banh mi.This is THE spot for excellent banh mi in the city of Philadelphia. It's a small place, so don't be fooled... This is the spot for fresh stuff. They also have boba, different desserts and sodas. 
My favorite one is red pork banh mi with extra jalapenos... So delicious. I also like to get the strawberry boba to wash it down as well.
The only two things that I don't really like are
1) Lack of seating
2) Depending on the day and cashier, they will either charge you or not charge you taxI loveeee this bakery. Nam Son's food is made with love and fresh ingredients. The bread is truly spectacular and made in house--Perfect for a Bahn Mi. The bbq chicken Bahn Mi is my favorite. The tender chicken, yummy jalapeños and crunchy vegetables are to die for good. For dessert I like the fried dough ( disk shaped )with sesame seeds--Perfect street food. I've also gotten their avocado smoothie which has fantastic texture. I even asked for it less sweet and they were happy to meet my request. The owner is always in the bakery and he loves his business. I love supporting this establishment. I absolutely recommend this shop for Bahn Mi and dessert !One of the best Bahn mi I ever had in the city. The service was quick and friendly and the restaurant was clean and welcoming. I'll for sure be going back.South Philly, 16th & Washington Ave
Chicken banh mi sandwich: 4.5 stars. Wasn't busy much in here. I have no idea how I never saw this place before. But I can't wait to go back. Wish I lived closer by! And I can not wait when they make more fruity drinks in the summer (summer time only for some of these popular colorful Asian drinks).I'll say it again - Damn son, that's some good ice coffee. It's really strong, possibly the best I've had. Nice, friendly people inside. Pretty interesting collection of baked goods. I'll definitely be back, but until then----- 5 stars.I love the regular cold cut banh mi and bbq pork banh mi, but my favorite has to be the tofu banh mi. Sweetened marinated tofu with pickled daikon and carrots. I love the fresh jalapeños. A great place to satisfy banh mi cravings.I am so happy Nam Son Bakery reopened.  They were closed for a short while, and I was forced to get my banh mis from other vendors in the Washington Ave corridor--Needless to say, I wasn't quite satisfied with any of those vendors.
The bread here is what makes each bite unique.  I ordered a grilled chicken banh mi yesterday and it was even better than I remembered. Each bite was initially highlighted  with the crispy texture of the baguette, then the generous amounts of grilled chicken and julienne vegetables began to work its way through as I continued chewing.  
It's worth noting that the "mayo" (for lack of a better term) used in Nam Son Bakery's banh mi also tastes uniquely different from those other vendors.  I will make it a point to ask the workers about the "mayo" to see what's so special about it.
Overall, Philadelphians and other visitors to this great city will benefit greatly from Nam Son Bakery's reopening.The kindest and most genuine business owners I have ever met. Their Bahn MI's and fresh spring rolls are made to order and simplyTried the Red BBQ Hoagie (#6). At $6, the sandwich is extremely well-priced. It's a good size, probably around 8-10in. The bread is crispy on the outside and deliciously chewy on the inside. It came filled with cilantro, green onion, jalapeño, pickled carrots, daikon, and cucumber. A little more variety than the average Vietnamese place will have on a bahn mi. The pork belly was juicy and full of flavor. Only qualm was that there should been more of the meat for a better balance, there was only two thin slices. Ate in this time instead of taking to-go. Definitely want to eat this baby when it's freshly made. 4.5/5.The chicken banh is one of, but not the best I've had.Lee's and Pho Tuong Lai are my current faves.  Bread was the star, baked in house. The black rice w/ coconut milk was excellent. Not too sweet, and very satisfying. "It's healthy" said the attractive woman who took my order. She tried to sell me a Viet coffee, but I can't drink the stuff. Craving the black rice, I'm sure to return if I'm nearby.
The husband- wife? duo that own this place are extremely friendly, and seemed genuinely grateful for my business.YOU MUST GO HERE! I don't usually write reviews (and I am often hard pressed to find restaurants that deserve 5 stars), but I felt truly compelled to rate this bakery as highly as possibly to convince one person to try it. My partner and I stumbled in here for the first time only to be blown away at the DELICIOUSNESS of the tofu bahn mí-- made from scratch to order, hot *freshly* baked crispy bread, delicious savory sauce, crisp vegetables, spicy jalapeños-- the PERFECT sandwich for $5?! It really seems too good to be true (but it was true!). We also ordered a taro smoothie-- when I tell you that fluffy purple beverage was one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted, I am truly not lying. Go here. Spend your money. Come back. Try a different sandwich/smoothie combo (my mom swears by the BBQ pork bahn mí). Do it all over again. I don't know about you but I will be coming back again soon for more! Thank you Nam Son Bakery!!!Overall Value: Best bahn mi sandwiches I have had in Philly, and I've tried most of the other competitors.  Really generous portions and a great price make this place a go-to for lunch.  Go as many times as you can, before an awesome neighborhood spot is replaced by luxury condos!
The Food:  We got the BBQ Pork bahn mi ($5.50, 2A on the menu) and BBQ Beef bahn mi ($8, 2C on the menu)  Lots of meat on both sandwiches, crispy and warm bread, and nice veggies.  Really excellent flavors.  The BBQ pork was our favorite, although both the beef and pork had excellent flavors.  Just something about the richness of the pork that comes together perfectly with the fresh veggies in a bahn mi.  The bahn mi are also pretty large in size, and we were happily full.  We also got a lychee smoothie to drink, which was great.
Space and Pace: Very low key bakery with just a few seats, mostly just to sit at while waiting for your order.  We opted to eat at the restaurant, to ensure maximum freshness.  No frills, but at this price and with this quality, no complaints.  
Service: Very friendly and family run.  Bahn mi were made fresh to order, so it took a few minutes, and absolutely worth the wait.So, this is apart of the Nam Son Restaurant. You can get the Banh Mi in the restaurant too, but the bakery- oooo bakery is full of the fresh french bread smell. Yes, they make their own french bread. For that reason alone, go here for the BBQ pork Banh mi. I wish I tried their vegetarian version too.I have to steer away from this place in order to not stop here.. This bread and pastry bakery has become my current go to place for banh mi. I've tried several and all have been great. Freshly baked rolls, equally fresh vegetables on several varieties they have... It's pretty hard to choose once you've had them all. Chicken, BBQ pork, pork belly are just a few.... An inexpensive and enjoyable meal at any time of day.Been coming here since 2010. Best banh mi's in philly! Perfectly cooked, tender BBQ pork with fresh vegetables on a perfectly baked baguette. What else could you want?!Went into the restaurant portion of Nam Son to order some Banh Mi's, and the woman directed me to the bakery, which is smack dab in front of the restaurant.  
Very cute and clean and they have way more banh mi selections than the restaurant.  I went with the classic bbq pork, but was tempted by the beef stew hoagie.  Aside from hoagies, they boast a bunch of bakery items and beverages.  I got a coconut cream bun and it was probably one of the best things I've ever eaten.
Hoagies are made on the spot, so expect to wait a bit.   I would definitely recommend this place!Enjoyable and affordable Banh Mi sandwiches.  That's my headline for Nam Son as well as all you probably need to know prior to checking them out.  Of course, if you'd like details, then please continue reading...
Nataly N and I swung by for a quick bite on a Saturday afternoon.  We felt like banh mi and were guided in Nam Son's direction by Yelp!  Not overly busy but not completely empty, we found a comfy seat and headed to the counter to order.
I went with the cold cut (#1) while Nataly N went with the bbq pork (#2a).  Prices were reasonable - not the cheapest I've seen, but certainly not the prices I've seen in Rittenhouse viet restaurants.  Both sandwiches were fairly loaded with veggies and the goods.  Taste hit the mark on both as well.  We also grabbed a dessert and coconut smoothie.  They were both A-Ok and rather nondescript.
Service was friendly as we asked a lot of questions about the desserts.  Although they have a credit card machine, it was broken making them cash only for the moment.  Of course, when another customer stopped in later and asked 'if the machine was still down', I suspect they might just be totally cash only.  Overall, that wouldn't be enough to stop me from returning, but is a reminder to pack some greenbacksBest bahn mi in the city! It's a hole in the wall with delicious food and affordable prices. You can buy their baguettes as well and I highly recommend them.I come to this place all the time for banh mis. They are good, but vary in quality depending on who is making them. Get the regular and the meatball banh mis. The name "Nam Son" also rhymes with a dope meme (http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/971/686/891.jpg), which helps.ADORE this place for a quick bahn mi (definitely more of a takeout joint, as they have a table or two but mostly for waiting on your food to be ready).. I have had many varieties of the bahn mi, the BBQ pork/chicken/pork belly, and all did not disappoint. The bread is so fresh and crisp, and I think the sandwiches are well priced and filling. There is a card minimum of $10 so bring cash or yolo just buy 2 sandwiches (worth it)Bahn Mi's were decent (pork and tufu), but I am now totally grossed out by 2017 health inspection, e.g., roaches and more! Never going back. Here's the actual report (the Philadelphia Inquirer also covered in June, I believe):
http://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=2D773577-5056-A20B-FAE6451F3498F574&domainID=551&userID=0Amazing bahn mi! I wish I lived closer so I could go here more oftenI wish Nam Son's banh mi were a person so I could fly it to Las Vegas and marry it. Is it legal to have an actual husband and a Vietnamese sandwich husband? I sure hope so.
I honestly don't think you can go wrong with any of their options. You could pretty much put a sweaty gym sock in between that fantastic, crusty roll and still have your socks knocked off (pun intended). And don't discount the tofu! I, and my carnivorous actual husband, both preferred it to the BBQ chicken, which was also extremely tasty.
Other things you need to know:
1. Come hungry! Banh mi isn't the only thing you're gonna want to get yourself into. Seriously. That whole counter of delicacies. All the drinks. And don't even get me started on the items in the refrigerated area.
2. Come prepared to get it to go. It was not at all crowded when we went on a Saturday afternoon, but there are only like two tables. And if this place's Best of Philly shout out is any indication of future popularity, those seats probably won't be available when your banh mi craving hits.
3. Stop your Tindering now, you've just found your life partner. Better get your Elvis suit and Vegas flights ready.*
*No, you cannot make the Vietnamese coffee your maid of honor. Thanks TSA.