Stopped in for an early lunch while visiting nearby museums. Food was pretty good (eggs Benedict with crab cake), service was mostly good, and decor was really neat.  However, until a few more people showed, the staff had the music cranked up to late night club levels, including a couple of grating selections that set our teeth on edge and had us considering bolting out of the door.Atmosphere - Typical upscale bar. No televisions which I liked as a nice change of pace. 
Service - Perfect. No complaints. I really did appreciate how great each person of the staff was. Greeted with a smile, super patient server. Service itself was 5/5
Food - Good. Not great. 
Plantain Chips and Guacamole - Good. Not great. 4/5
Brussels Sprouts - Not really my thing, but our party of four decided to try it. 3/5
Pan-Seared Crab Cake with Roasted Pepper Aioli - I've had better. Very average. Sauce was okay. 3/5
National Burger - I liked that you could add items. My wife added avocado. I took two bites. I was very disappointed. 2/5
Drinks - Saved the day. Great drink menu and seasonal selection. 
Overall - I would not go back for the food. However, if we were just getting drinks and appetizers, I'd be okay knowing that they have great service and a great drink menu. I would not come back for a meal, however. 
Points for:Service and drinks. 
No points: FoodWent and had dinner with a group. Six of us were seated promptly. The food was great; simple and filling. The building and surrounding are really cool. Historic, quirky, warm and inviting. 
Our server, Zack was quick and efficient. More importantly he was personable and funny. I'd recommend asking for him. 
Will visit again next time I'm in town visiting family.Amazing place. Will definitely return in the near future. The veggie burger is delicious along with there specialty cocktails.We stopped at National Mechanics after dinner on a Friday night.
The building was cool, outside and in.
Their drink specials and variety were solid.
The DJ was playing a sweet mix of indie and 80s dance music.
There were too many people in plaid flannel shirts for my liking, but it wasn't that hard to push them out of the way and order my libation.
Overall, a less-lame spot to party in Old City.I have to be honest, this is the worst bar I've been to. It's not dirty or anything and I didn't try the food, however, that doesn't excuse how terrible everything else is.
The drinks were watered down and EXPENSIVE. We spent over $60, for two, for only a few drinks that hardly tasted like there was any alcohol in them at all. It was outrageously ridiculous. Not to mention every glass was filled to the brim with ice. The music was everything I could easily listen to on the radio - nothing worth dancing to. And there are two unisex bathrooms with lines that take at least 30 mins on a weekend.
Point blank, I can drink at home and have more fun. Disappointed and don't see why I'd want to go back.Before Sixers game we thought we'd do some bar hopping in the city. This place was fun. We're on the old side, for the patrons we saw inside, but still enjoyed immensely. Our young bartender was very friendly, even though a shaken martini seemed a little out of character for the establishment, she did it perfect. The other young server waiting on the tables had tattoos on just about every area visible, but just added to the enjoyment of that culture today. Would recommend it on your bar hopping tour.Good bar food, great drinks, and good music for a casual night of dancing! It can get pretty crowded on weeknights, so not meant for you if you're claustrophobic. I loved the mac and cheese!Delicious food, we ordered the mezcal wings, the ratatouille, the crab cakes, and a Gelato dessert.  The food and cocktails were outstanding, as was the service.  The restaurant has a great vibe, the only negative is that it is a little loud (reason for 4 stars). Would definitely recommend! The restaurant seems to be in an old church and decoration is pretty unique, fun place and fun staff!Great wings, friendly staff, and off the tourists radar.
If you are in old city and in need of a drink or a quick meal, stop here you will find something that you like.
Did I mention that the wings are great?I've been here twice and have had great experiences on both occasions.  The food and drink are good and the waitstaff is friendly.  We went this past Saturday night with a group of 12 and they were able to quickly seat us and take care of us.  The atmosphere is cool and it's a good place to kick off a night of bar crawling around Old City.Having lived in Philly for 17 years and having seen Old City go through its transformations, National Mechanics is hands down the best spot in the neighborhood. Great food and friendly staff (very low turnover). Good nightlife program for after dinner, too, if you're in the area.Cool place with a good variety of beers.  Big tables to fit large groups. Servers friendly.Mixed feelings about this place. Visited on a Sunday morning around 11:00. I wanted to like this place, but he service held it back. Waited over 20 minutes to receive our drinks after ordering them, and that was after asking the hostess about their status.
Food finally and was very underwhelming. The decor was great and I did like the venue.Came here for Faux Pas a while back.  Maybe I got there too early but it was painfully awkward.  I've never been in such a crowded place that felt so divided.  There was a DJ but no one was dancing and it took twenty minutes to get a drink at the bar.  There was an invisible line dividing the after-work crowd and hipsters that came for the event.  Cover was expensive ($10 i think?) but the drinks were cheap.  I ended up leaving early and eventually ended up at the old Barbary.  This was a while back but some of my friends are heading there tonight so I thought I'd write a review.The food rules, the beers rule (awesome pitcher prices, too), very cool decor.
It seems like the have a good Quizzo, too, with Irish John I think his name is. Irish Somebody.
Pretty good prices, too!
I know the Old City Sideshow performs there once in a while, which is awesome, but my loyalties lie with the Squidling Bros. Sideshow Circus.I go here for lunch fairly often. Sometimes for dinner. Service at the bar has consistently been friendly. I love the hummus and quesadilla appetizers. The cheesesteak is also good. Good selection of beers on tap. I also appreciate the somewhat quirky decor, and the local "celebrity" likenesses on the glasses.We always end up here.  The tap list is ever changing and the food is great despite a small menu. Nachos are very recommended!The last time I was at National Mechanics a couple of months ago, I ate a hummus plate (my friend was eating it, and then I ordered one myself) which was absolutely THE best hummus I've ever eaten in the world. Unexpectedly, mysteriously good. Hummus isn't even the first thing I think of ordering at a bar, but this was just unbelievable. 
I went back and ordered the hummus plate last evening, and it was just regular hummus. I don't know if that other thing was a special, but please bring it back!
On the other hand, I drank a fantastic pineapple jalapeño margarita this time. The quesadilla is as great as always. I live down the street and although I haven't gone out drinking much of late, National Mechanics has never been a disappointment (except that divine hummus plate; that hummus needs to return).whomst's man doesn't love quality food at a reasonable price?? plantain chips were stellar, and drink names were very fun. guam was primo. lots of food for little money makes for a happy camper. 10/10 would mechanic again.Here's my throwback MasterCard commercial:
Average plain burger. No fries $14.
Lager $5. 
Tip waitstaff $5, 
Knowing that I am never coming back to this place: priceless
35 minutes wait for a beer and a burger.
What a disappointment. The one star is for the waitress and because I can't give less than one star.Cool place, good food, good service, good music. Had a 5:30 reservation, brought the kids along and they enjoyed it as well. My son had a plain cheeseburger and really liked it. Cheese board was decent, the chicken was good and the lamb chops were very tasty.
The Chocolate Debauchery for desert was awesome, and enough for the four of us to share.
Gave it 4 stars despite having to wait a crazy amount of time for our meal. Our awesome server apologized and took care of us.This has become my favorite late night spot to go out with a big group in Old City.  Always good music.  Solid options at the bar that won't make you go broke.  Bartenders have been real friendly when I've been there.  Good crowd of people looking to have a good time.  If you're looking to have a fun night with friends and want to show off some of your latest moves on the dance floor, this is a great place to do it.  Would I take my wife here on a date night?  No.  But with a group of people, it is as fun as you make it and for me, it's been a blast.Shocked by these overwhelmingly positive reviews!  Came here for brunch on New Years Day and had a terrible experience...
The building itself is pretty cool and the 'build your own bloody mary' sign out front gives the impression of a cool experience,  however it was all downhill after walking through those stone pillars. The main issue was they were COMPLETELY and unapologetically understaffed. I understand things happen, but you would think a brunch place would be prepared for a New Years Day crowd. After being sat at a dirty table by the frazzled hostess, she informed us our server would be right over.  About 15 mins later a bus boy brought us our water. The waitress appeared shortly after and seemed pretty blasé and underwhelmed despite the fact that every single table needed some kind of service.  We ordered our drinks and food together, ready after having had ample time to review the menu and fearing it would be another 20 minutes before we had her attention again. The coffee came out first, but it was cold. Then our food came out before the mimosas...ugh. Just ugh.  
As for the food itself, also very underwhelming. My fiancé had the eggs benny, which was served with what he considered 'old and cold' hollandaise sauce.  I had an egg scramble skillet dish that was more potatoes than egg. I was able to flag the attention of a food runner to order another mimosa (not yet finished with my first but making an effort to leave the place not hungry AND sober).  After twenty minutes or so later we decide to throw in the towel and head elsewhere, so we flag our waitress for the check.  She returns and we needed to remind her the second mimosa never came, which added another 10 or so minutes to the experience to fix the check and bring it back. (Basically it was one of those meals where we ended up looking around and staring at each other, too distracted by the entire situation to even hold a conversation. The other tables all seemed to be having similar experiences...)
If the food was any better I might have given it another shot, but it wasn't so there's really no reason to come back.  With so many other breakfast options in the neighborhood, you're better off heading elsewhere.An extra star for awesome fast wifi (otherwise, would be a 4).  Awesome for business meetings.  
Tuna melt was good, but on a heavy side.National Mechanics was the first bar I went to after I turned 21 and it's definitely been the bar I've been to the most times since.
The drinks are a little expensive here but the services has always been good, the bartenders are usually friendly and it's just about always a good time, and most importantly- their food is delicious, which is awesome when you've been there for a few hours and get the drunchies.
They have some pretty cool events, quizzo and karaoke are always a great time. Their glasses are really cool too. I love the John Street one!
Saturday nights are my least favorite night to go though, it gets really loud and very un-National Mechanics-like. Every other day/night I go it's pretty chill and very fun. On Saturdays its typically very loud and crowded.Odd name for the restaurant but the food and service was great.  Very reasonable prices also.
Conveniently located near the visitor center.  Had a very nice dinner with the family.  Cool historic building.Their plantain and quac chips are delicious! Must get! As well as their drinks.. I got the strawberry daiquiri it was so sweet!Awesome place! I learned the history from the bartender! Yes, we found a friendly bar tender in Old City here at National Mechanics. I forget her name but she was great! So friendly. Had such a positive attitude. She was welcoming upon sitting at the bar and gave great suggestions on beers. I would definitely come back here to visit her.My friend Kimberly took me here for brunch when I was visiting Philly for the first time. The place is amazing. It has a really creative and unique atmosphere with interesting artwork and devices everywhere. It's a perfect place if you're looking for somewhere a bit different.
The only problem we had was that it took about an hour to get our food after ordering. The service on drinks was quick and they made sure to keep the fresh tea coming while we waited.
I had the French Toast, which was some of the best I've ever had and almost made up for the wait. I will definitely check this place out again next time I'm in town.Great bar and great service. This bar is large and open- maybe an old bank? They had a nice beer selection with some belgiums and local microbrews spread among the usual brands. The bartenders were very friendly and fun to talk to. We had a great time.
I would go there again!Awesome building (used to be a bank and then a church).  Sat in one of the church pew booths across from the bar.  The service was very friendly.  We were able to try some beer samples before we made our pics.  The pub steak was very good and cooked correctly.we had a really great salad here with fried chicken in it.  the nachos were also delicious.  everything was HUGE, so please be sure you come hungry.
huge selection of beer, great decor, interesting bathrooms.  this was my first experience after getting off the bus in philly, and i was relatively impressed.
nice waitstaff, wish my water was re-filled more often.  but i guess we weren't a particularly big spending table with no beers ordered.  
loved the sideways christmas trees hanging from the ceilings, too.  never knew what kind of surprise you'd find in the building!  
this is exactly the kind of building i would expect out of philly.I love National Mechanics. 
The food is really good (homemade hummus), the beer selection is decent (plus $2 yuengling pints everyday), and karaoke on tuesdays is always a good time.
The atmosphere is awesome. The building itself is pretty sweet, and the tables may or may not be old church pews. The music is pretty good, last time i was there i remember RJD2 and the beatles. The crowd is usually minimal and the service has been spot-on lately. 
Overall - good food, good beer (magic hat #9 on tap?), good tunes.  if you haven't been there, make it a priority.After wandering the streets of Philly on Xmas day looking for a respectable joint we come across this gem in the city. 
From the time we enter the space until the time we departed, it was just pure awesome. The beers were priced great, the DJ was spinning dance music, and the crowd was smiling. What more can I ask. 
There was even a pair of self identified cougars there who wanted more than the great burger. 
I do not know about the food, however. This place is solid. The staff is very chill yet professional, and I had no problem gettig a drink an even when I moved around the bar, I had great service.
I recommend this place. If I lived here, I'd not only be here all the time, I'd probably try to work here too.My favorite lunch spot - the burgers can't be beat!  But they need more help, a single bartender is expected to handle everything for upwards of 15 tables, it's taken 2 hours to have a burger and a pitcher sometimes.it was an okay atmosphere. the dj wasn't that good he played popular music but nothing anyone could dance to. at least i didn't leave smelling like cigarettesthere are so few places to go in old city. the khyber is dirty and small. sugar mom's is smoky. skinners has nasty food. national mechanics, though, is big and open, has excellent food and i almost always love the music playing. (with the exception of what was playing between 6:42 and 7:18 this past wednesday -- it was sinatra's duets? followed by laurie anderson, maybe?) also: low douchebag quotient.
but mechanics is not just the lesser of old city evils. if it was located anywhere else, i'd also stop by regularly. the staff is friendly, the food is always good, and they never give you any sidelong glares when you ask for extra napkins or blue cheese on the side.
OH! and they recently started serving brunch, which is EXCELLENT. i tried the straight-up eggs, toast and bacon; the spinach and strawberry salad; the best blueberry pancakes i've had in a while; and the crab and shrimp bloody mary thing (more like a whole lot of seafood with a bit of bloody mary mix served in a martini glass with some fried plantains -- kind of ceviche-like). i'll definitely be back for brunch. shit, i'm just going to go there now.The national skillet is their go to brunch dish. The atmosphere is relaxed. Their kitchen was held up but it was a full dining room. The bloody Mary bar is great!I'm a little undecided about National Mechanics. The space is super cool, residing in a stately marble building that looks like some sort of Masonic temple (led up to by resplendent but non-handicap-accessible steps). The decor is unconventionally hip, with terrariums and orchids in the windows (and in the bathrooms), strange old mechanical contraptions lying about, weird light fixtures of speared dog sculptures, and creepy paintings/insect specimens on the wall. They play good music, it's a cool space to hang out in, and drinks are reasonably priced. 
However, its coolness is also its downfall. An oasis in Old City, this place can get unpleasantly crowded on the weekends. There have been occasions when we could barely get two feet in the door let alone anywhere near the bar. Also, I had their burger once and it was not the least bit impressive. It tasted kind of like a frozen beef patty (albeit thicker) with some cheese on top, put on an okay bun. Maybe they were having an off day?
I would probably skip the food here, and only come on weekdays when you actually stand a chance of getting a table.The first time I went here I felt incredibly insulted by the bartender.  I didn't return for a year.  I came around though... because, frankly, National Mechanics is cool as shit.  
Things I love about this bar:
     --  Bug collection in the bathroom hallway
     --  The Olde City Sideshow performs here for free (so awesome!)
     --  The outside steps and facade -- now that's an entrance
     --  The beer selection is deep enough to keep me fresh each round
     --  The painting of the pain proof man with the nail in his nose
     --  When they light up the flame candelabra outside
National Mechanics makes the inner-carny in me jump for joy!This place was mediocre.  I was looking forward to eating here after seeing such positive reviews on yelp, but I feel like I was lead astray.
It took ten minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me- he seemed too interested in his friends who were also sitting at the bar.  I ordered a beer and appetizer.  The beer was good, the flatbread was underwhelming.  The service went from poor to awful.  I had to ask for everything and he took no initiative to see if I need another beer, my bill, etc.  I felt like I was annoying him anytime I asked.
The restroom smelled like a bad porta john.  It was gross!
The beer was good, but I can have good beer in a place that has better service, food, and cleaner facilities.This is my go-to bar in Old City, whether I'm by myself or with a lot of friends. They accommodate the latter surprisingly well at the tall tables, which seat around 8. The service is always good and friendly without being overbearing. I absolutely love the terrariums and have to give props to the decent bathrooms.
The avocado and grapefruit salad is amazing and I don't even usually like grapefruit. The rest of the menu is decent (almost exceptional for bar food, not quite as amazing for a restaurant) and they have a long addendum to the online menu with plenty of specials. I wasn't crazy about the calamari (I like it lighter and crunchier) but the fries and everything else are quite edible. Try the infused liquors for even more fun (bacon infused vodka and jalapeno infused tequila last time I asked).
One time I sat at the bar during a quiet Saturday afternoon, and Ben Franklin was the only other bar patron. Fortunately, it wasn't the same one from The Office.What a fun bar. Came here on a saturday night, and the place was crowded. Not super crowded that you couldn't move, but a nice, diverse crowd. There's a small dance floor in the back of this place with a DJ for y'all to get your dance on. Had a good beer selection, and drinks were regularly priced. I'll be back.National Mechanics is the kind of place that draws a certain crowd: friendly, fun, you know the type, where conversation with strangers are a breeze and the atmosphere is energetic.
Alcohol is alcohol as far as I'm concerned, so I go (and return to) places for more than merely what they pour. That being said, I found that they made decent standard mixed drinks  --- and yes, a bar can easily mess up the simplest. My wife insists that last night's was the best made Cosmo around (actually, she said it was the best ever but that may have been the alcohol talking, no pun intended).
A standout for me was the bar food. Particularly the wings: Hands down the best wings I've tasted in all of Philly. Crispy and meaty, with outstanding honey BBQ sauce. Having passed the test I will definitely come back to this place with an appetite (and my usual thirst) to see what else they can do. I have a feeling I won't be disappointed.Really fun place to hang out in Olde City if you're sick of Rittenhouse. Mix of college/grad school and young professionals. We've been here a couple times, and have always had a great time. Drinks are super strong and pretty well priced, and I love the old bank look with the dark wood decor. 
Additional thoughts:
-The DJ on Fri night was awesome, although it seems weird to have such a small dance floor section right next to the bathroom line
-The guy/girl ratio has been about 3:1 each time we went...good for single girls, bad for single guys. 
-The "Reserved" tables also seemed weird to me - for such a casual place, do we really need to have "Reserved" signs like people are trying to get table service at a club?The first night I stumbled into here was on their karaoke night. Wow...interesting to say the least. I was coming from a long day at work and needed a place to relax and this was the spot. My coworkers and I decided to split a bunch of things on the menu. We ordered the nachos and the hummus platter. The nachos here are hands down the BEST nachos I've tried in the city. Now I consider myself a nacho connoisseur...and I've had the nachos here sober and *ahem* drunk (hey I need some drinks to sing Justin Bieber karaoke confidently ) and each time I am surprised at how delicious they are.
The staff here is nice. Not overly friendly and despite their appearance, not overly hipstery. The bartenders are all sweet and eager to make suggestions when they see you staring at the beer list looking confused. 
The crowd here is either a hit or miss. Lots of nights I've stumbled into here wanting to dance to Beyonce only to be surrounded by men in checkered shirts clutching onto their beers staring off into space. I get it, I get it - not everyone is into dancing. Overall, I would consider this a place you go to with your group of friends and not as a spot to meet people.
I recommend this spot to all my out of town friends and they've all had good things to say. PS tiny pink cans of champagne? Adorable.We showed up at National Mechanics at 11:45am on a Saturday morning and became the 2nd party in the entire restaurant.  The hostess and waitress quickly modified some seating to accommodate our party of 7 and let us enjoy our lunch at leisurely pace.
We started off with plantain chips - long, thin, and freshly made, served with sides of guac and salsa.  Craving protein, I got the fish and chips and was pleasantly surprised.  Inside the thin layer of breading, the fish was tender and flavorful and in real fish-form (no ground fish, thank you).  The thick fries had a nice seasoning.
I was simultaneously intrigued and totally intimidated by the make-your-own-bloody-Mary-bar and ordered a bacon-flavored one (which comes with a stick of meat in it...kinda gross) - way too many options for vodka/tequila, rims, and sauces.  There needs to be a "suggestions for Bloody Mary dummies" recipe by the bar, but it was still fun to mix and match.  And I learned that I like horseradish much less than I originally thought.i have always been happy with food and beer here. always a good time. even when its super crowded i can still see the waitress.Walking down the street on a Friday afternoon and saw what appeared to be a former church turned bar, I had to take a closer look. Early afternoon spared us from any kind of crowd. My friend and I sat at the bar, where a friendly and knowledgeable barman chatted with us about the different beer offerings and poured enough unsolicited samples that we didn't really need to order anything (but that would have been a dick move). The music was good, the beer selection respectable, and the staff friendly and knowledgeable as previously mentioned. I dig the place.Great beer, great food, great brunch, great karaoke, and it's the taping location for Two Guys on Beer.
If you have an iPhone/iPod Touch with the Remote app installed, you can make requests and vote on the music playing.
One of the best bars in Old City.Then I was meeting up with a group of friends, 7 or 8 of us I believe, and National Mechanics was chosen as our dinner spot.
Although I hung around Old City a ton in my late teens-early twenties, I never made it past 27 when it came to nightlife. However National Mechanics was a pretty chill place that I could see myself frequenting on a semi-regular basis when in the city.
We were able to snag seats at the bar within 10 minutes of being there which was a plus.This is my second favorite bar in Philly. I've been for Quizzo, which is wonderfully entertaining, with such a charming moderator. (It never hurts to have a sexy accent, for anything, ever.) I've been for Karaoke, people kinda take it a bit more seriously here than I've previously experienced. (the fact that Cartman's version of "come sail away" is in the catalog and that the gentleman performing it did SUCH a spectacular job made my week) I would recommend bar seating over table seating, the bar tenders are a bit more attentive and friendly. There is nothing wrong with the waitstaff, they just seem to get overwhelmed by the immense amount of seating. 
I'd recommend the popcorn chicken, but NOT the flank steak, which strangely smelled similar to cat food. (you know the canned kind in its own gravy) I was actually really surprised by that, because I'd never been disappointed with this place.
The decor is awesome, As it should be for a place that has been a bank and a church. The "booth's" are church pew's with large tables in the middle, i really enjoy all the jarred plants,  not to mention the "taxidermy" Dogs with light bulbs coming out of their ass'. The bathrooms are cute too, in a creepy way... actually now that i think about it everything about this bar reminds me of some Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie.. and I really love it. 
Blah blah blah beer, and wine... Overall This is a great place to chill, dance, talk, drink, DRINK, fall over, Drink some more, Sing Karaoke and answer some difficult trivia.Came in while they were finishing up a science night. Grabbed a seat at the bar, Yuengling and a Miller light, both good then had a 12oz Ribeye Special, it was a great cut of meat and was cooked perfectly. I'd recommend this place to a young couple, not so much a kid friendly place but most of the nightlife here isn't.Walked on an overly hot morning with some friends to start the day with some recommended brunch. I fell in love with the food! Sure, start off with a bellini for me, the girls got bloody mary's. And then we quickly moved on to a pitcher of the daily special, which involved blue moon, blueberry, and something else :)
I got the veggie skillet. Some potatoes, mushrooms, spinach, cheese, and a beautifully poached egg. 
Sure the AC was broken, and we were melting a little bit, but after a of couple drinks and full belly of tasty eats, I had forgotten all about the heatwave.Still like the bar but the brunch is way overated. you have a bloody mary bar ..good for you.. now go get one of  honey's chefs to teach you to make a proper omelete.Service *****
Pineapple jalapeños margaritas ****
Off menu Frito Pie **** 
Chocolate Debauchery *****Honestly - this place presents as a serious brew pub in a wonderful historic building.  One doesn't necessarily have high expectations of the food fare.  Fantastic, then, that I had one of my best lunches ever here - perfect breaded/fried wahoo fish tacos.  Great friendly relaxed but attentive service.  My absolute go to from now on in historic Philly district.
Oh, and a great beer selection, naturally!  Bonus: fast, free, wifi.  Someone has the right idea here...Beautiful bar, it's a classy place that has great decor and great architecture. I can't comment on their menu but the drinks were pretty good. Prices are a tad on the high side for what I remember and there isn't much to do at the bar (unless you go on trivia night) but it seems like the perfect date bar or a great bar if you're sick of dives but aren't into clubbing.Some of the best fried chicken I've has in my life. I downed 3 of 4 pieces, and wanted to try the fourth, but it was so large it seemed inappropriate. Outstanding.
And btw, this is a great bar! Roomy, pleasant crowd of multiple-agers, ultra knowledgeable and insightful bartender.  Beer list is solid - but could be stronger.  I think they have an interesting whiskey selection, but that's to be investigated on another day.
Go eat here!Went here on Saturday night over July 4th weekend and it was raging.  My friend said they usually have tables out but those were gone.  Good vibes, ok music, and good bar service.  They had some decent drafts.  Easy walk from Queen Village/Pennsport.  I'll be back!I wished I lived in Philly just because of this place. First night, I walked in and ordered the veggie burger which didn't disappoint. The restaurant was crowded and they were playing a trivia game, very entertaining. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Decided to go back a second time and ordered a special vegetarian polenta meal and it was really good! Deliciously creative and perfect flavor. Wonderful place, eclectic and historic!Visited National Mechanics for brunch during a day trip to Philly with my boyfriend. He chose the bloody mary bar and I had the seasonal sangria, which was apple spice flavor, and both were delicious. For brunch, I had the NY strip and eggs and he had the Eggs Maryland. It does not happen often but we both completely cleaned our plates. The breakfast potatoes were the best I've ever had! My boyfriend also raved about his meal. 
The inside itself is a little odd, the bathroom was definitely not top notch, but I guess it goes with the atmosphere of the restaurant. I would definitely come back and recommend to all brunch goers!The food was great. The lanb burger was amazing.  Our server was wonderful. The best part was the Jalapeno Margarita and the Infused House Gin.I really want to give this place 5 stars...because I feel like the food deserves that. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the service. 
I've been here twice. Once for drinks, and once for brunch. My brunch outing was the most disappointing. I came here with 5 other friends on a Sunday, and the place had decent business, but was certainly not packed. It took beyond too much time to order even coffee, and every time we asked the server for something (whom we had to track down because she seriously wouldn't come to our table) she seemed incredibly annoyed with us. It's sad too, because we were an incredibly patient bunch, and a simple "I'm sorry, I'll be with you as soon as I can" would suffice.
On the other hand, the food was awesome. Everyone enjoyed their meal. I especially loved the make-your-own-bloody-mary situation. I now have a favorite bloody mary....made by me. Woohoo!!
Since the food was so rad, I will go here again. However, if the service is lame again....this place can suck it.The food is awesome, the bartenders rate 10 stars. It's a great place
To hang out. Enjoy the happy hour. Such a friendly place and the building is awesome. And old bank! You've got to check this place out. I visit it every time I come to Philly.This is my favorite bar in the city!!!!!!! By far the coolest atmosphere (if you like the art, ask the bartender about the artist!! tre cool).  If you like spicey, try the jalepeno margarita... it rocks my socks.  Pretty good selection of beer... my boyfriend is a huge fan of the black and tan-esque beer combos.
If the drinks and atmosphere aren't enough, the entertainment will blow you away.  Side-shows, DJ's (they play some of the best mixes in the city), and open-mic nite (look out for The Technophobes. awesome).I drank pitchers beer, a girl ate worms, and a guy smashed broken glass into his face. AWESOME!
National Mechanics is definitely one of the very few bars that I will patronize in Old City.Came here for lunch during a business trip.  The trout was amazing... wished the portion was larger more =)National Mechanics has something of an identity crisis. Good happy hour with a good draft selection and discounted burgers. At the same time, their burgers should always be discounted, or else discontinued. The veggie burger is original, I'll give them that: it's made with shredded pieces of vegetables mashed together in a patty that falls apart before it can reach your mouth. The regular burger is fine, but I wouldn't bother requesting it any special way: it comes out medium well every time. 
It's a story of good and evil. They have a lot of positives, and if I was just hoping to grab a drink with some friends, I wouldn't mind a quick stop at Mechanics. Other than the fries, which are hard to ruin, I probably won't be getting food here again. The burgers won't ruin your day but with all the options in the area, it's hard to justify making that mistake again. For a few dollars more, I'd much prefer making my way to Smokin' Betty's and grabbing their incredible buffalo chicken sandwich.
Take it for what it's worth: National Mechanics can be a fun happy hour, but when it comes to its identity as restaurant, it tries a little hard and fall a little too short.I like this place a lot.  It is pretty no-nonsense, though it doesn't skimp, either in terms of vibe or food.
I went here this past Saturday night with a large group (11).  They don't take reservations, so we had to get seating on the fly, which sucked but should have been a sign for the large group to just go elsewhere.  Seating was predictably somewhat of a problem, though I would not blame the staff for this - they are just not really equipped for this, which is their prerogative.  (The customer is not always right.)  The gang had to sit at the bar for awhile while some space cleared.  They have this policy of shortening the tables late at night because they want more space for the dj/standing crowd, which meant that we were a little limited in choosing seats.  We ended up getting split into two groups at tables next to one another, which was lame, but, again, predictable since they aren't really made for large groups.  Though it was not really her fault or anything, the waitress helping us with this mess got the birthday boy a cake on the house, which was a very nice gesture and not necessary at all.  It was a pleasant ending to a situation that was not really ideal for anyone involved.
As for the food, it is pretty tasty and dynamic.  I usually get a burger, but  that night I bought the calamari and the steak/fries appetizers.  Both of them were solid.  Friends ordered the veggie burger (great), corndog (good), soup (ok), creme brule (not so good)... well, I don't really know what the other table ordered, so I'll leave it at that.
In brief: the great food, solid vibe, they have Yuengling for $2.50, just don't come here with a large group late on a Saturday night.
Oh yeah, and the exterior is beautiful and the interior design also looks quite good.Loan was such a fantastic help with me and my birthday party for a friend. Made sure we got all of our steaks to go and ensured an excellent night!! Props!! A+The veggie burger is prohibitively tasty.  Prohibitively because you're not going to be able to experience the rest of the menu - and the rest of the menu looks REAL good.
Great selection of beers, quirky but upscale atmosphere... like it was built by a computer hacker.. with a trust fund.
Been here for dinner and drinks a few times, they seem to have a lot of events - so check the calendar or else you may be stuck listening to bad karaoke on a date.My wife had seen on Yelp the rave reviews this place gets for its veggie burgers, so we decided to give it a try today. We each ordered a veggie burger- I thought it was okay- nothing to rave about.
However, now my stomach feels totally bloated and cramped, and so does my wife's, and those burgers were the only thing we ate in common today.
In summary, if you have a craving for veggie burgers that'll put you on the can for an hour, National Mechanics is the way to go.Went here last night with my boyfriend. Their food and mixed drink options are quite excellent. The only negative thing last night, was that our waiter was pretty bad. Nice enough guy, but extremely inattentive. Never once asked us how our food was, etc. The waitress that brought our entrées out was more attentive. 
They just need some tweaking with their service, and they'd be perfect.Woah.
Make your own Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.
Awesome. Just awesome.
The service was WAY overworked on the day that we went, but they were both nice (2 servers for the whole place), didn't snap at us when my friend asked  'can i have some water?'  
(That girl was busy... and who needs water when you have a bloody mary?!)
The food was better than good, a little slow to come out, but I think we got there just before a MAD rush, and timing brunch for 5 people is tough.
I would like to come and hang out at night some time, I hear it's cool.  Had a decent beer list, and the alcohol to match.  
Will def go back when in Philadelphia next.Meh. The outside of this place (stairs and large columns) made us assume we were walking into a swanky joint. Once inside we realized it's just a dingy bar/restaurant. Completely unexpected. The place wreaked like a college sportsbar. We sat at the bar to have a quick beer to get out of the rain. Server didn't know what to recommend us (and Phili is known for their beers!). Server was more interested in flirting with the main bartender to notice we may have wanted another beer or wanted to get the check. Other servers were not friendly at all. We left pretty quickly. There are so many other cool places to see in Phili, don't bother with this place.Went with a group Saturday night and we were seated with no issue at all. I ordered nachos, a slice of chocolate cake, and a glass of Riesling. Everything was good, the chocolate cake was magnificent! The service was great as well. I'll definitely go back and try other items from their menu and I will definitely make a special trip just for their chocolate cake. Sorry no pictures because I ate it too fast lolSince I've been cooking at home a lot, I'm going to draw on my back catalogue of dining out experiences.  I've been to National Mechanics a few times, and there is one specific reason that keeps me coming back: The lunch special featuring $5 burgers and decent pitchers, with Yard's and PBC represented.
National Mechanics is a totally weird place.  It's some kind of historic building (it looks like a bank from the outside) that has been converted into a great looking bar.  It has a nice hardwood bar and a decent amount of high-top tables and booths.  As far as service goes, don't expect much.  My favorite detail about National Mechanics is there pint glasses featuring local celebs like Rocky, John Street, Cole Hamels, and the likes.
There is a better than average beer selection, but it's overpriced.  Your best bet is to still with the local brews, and last time I went the PBC and Yards were both kicked; no replacements on the horizon.  Like I said, don't expect much from the service.
The burger is very good, and at $5, it becomes excellent.  It even comes with fries!  This place is sweet.  There's a veggie burger available at the same price for all of the non-meat eaters.
Bottom Line:  This place is great for lunch.  I never have been, and probably never will go to this in the evening, partly because of much better options.  The beer selection and availability of pitchers is nice, especially for Olde City.  There are probably a whole load of people who love this place because it's exactly their kind of "thing."  I'm not one of those people.$11 for a cheeseburger that comes with LTO. $3 extra for a handful of steak fries. Asked for medium-well and got well-done. Still fine -- not overcooked or dry -- but if you ask how to cook it then you should get it right, you know? Several joints in my home neighborhood 10-15 minutes away that do a better burger for less. Wife said her nachos were okay.  Been a while since I ate here but I remembered the food last time as on-point.