Great service, oysters, crab cake sandwich, crab she chowder and drinks! You should come here!!Great food and great music- overall an excellent addition to the area. Came in around 830 on a Saturday night and the place was very full. I had one of the colossal crab cakes which was delicious- little-to-no filler, lots of delicious lump crab meat and flavorful seasoning. The fries were delicious too- great sweet/savory seasoning! Only reason for 4/5 stars is the service, I think they may have been understaffed because we had to wait at least 15 minutes for a waiter and another 20 before getting our oysters, but all in all a great time!We went to Nauti Mermaid on a Tuesday evening (no reservation, two people) and were seated immediately. The space is quaint but really cute! The food came out quickly and it was EXCELLENT! The salmon, potatoes and veggies were so tasty. I also tried the fish club - mmmm!! I'll definitely be back.Service was quite responsive; they kept our glasses full.  I had the crab cake plate and the cake was mainly crab--not filling.  I wish they had small portions of the crab soup, I was lusting after a taste but the bowl looked like a full meal.Finally a true blue Maryland Crab House in Old City!  I visited shortly after the 4th of July and my friends and I were delighted to taste the authenticity of the jumbo blue crabs! They truly are sourced from Maryland I do not doubt that--as a former Marylander I've had plenty of "Maryland-Style" crabs and this place takes the (crab) cake!
Thanks and cheers! I'll definitely be back!Nauti Mermaid is a cool new restaurant with a great ambiance.  We went on a Friday evening and it was packed! Had about a 20 minute wait but we went upstairs to the dueling piano bar "Jolly's" for drinks.  The restaurant did just open and it appeared they were under staffed for a Friday night.  
We ordered the bookmakers salad and colossal crab cakes. The salad was good, but the menu called for grilled shrimp and what was served was cocktail shrimp.  The crab cakes we're phenomenal! Cooked perfect and great portion size.  The fries and Cole slaw that accompanied the crab cakes were also delicious. The fried were crisp on the outside with a soft center and the Cole slaw was very light, and not overpowering.  It was the perfect side dish for the crab cakes and fries.
Overall the food was great and we will be back because of it. On food alone I would say it was a hard 4/5.  The reason for the 3/5 was due to service which can easily be corrected with more staff.  Looking forward to our next visit.We went this past weekend. There were 7 Of us out, celebrating lots of things. The service was great! We loved the food and couldn't get enough of the piano bar. What a great combo of fun food and fun live music. I will definitely go back!Should have turned around as soon as I got to the door.  I was immediately greeted by a strong smell of garbage, but giving it the benefit of the doubt, (thinking it was from the street),  I went in. The server was less than knowledgeable. If the poor wine selection and over-priced shrimp cocktail wasn't bad enough,  the bathroom situation topped it off. The ladies room was occupied by at least 1 coed couple and they weren't coming out any time soon.  The men's bathroom door came off its hinges.  And upon exiting the restaurant I witnessed several rancid bags of garbage being dragged out of the basement to be placed out front. The smell was enough to make you vomit. Never going back,  although I doubt this place will stay open for long.This place just opened, but let me tell you, it was AMAZING. The crab cake we had was so fresh. The blue crabs were juicy and delicious. Customer service was great and the owner, Amy, was so friendly. She gave us her business card and told us to give her a call before we come in. I will definitely be back here again!I came into the city for an event in the piano Bar upstairs and decided to check out the restaurant. Let me just say I came in with socks on and they literally blew them off. The food is amazing and the service is fast. Everyone is so friendly it's like coming home. If you try nothing else make sure you get the shrimp cocktail don't ask me what they did but it was better Then anything I've ever had. The crabcakes were also very delicious not full of filler and had a clean fresh crab taste 
I would give them five more stars because the owners are dog lovers and are supporting the philidoptables...I called ahead of time to reserve  a table for a group of 11 people on a Saturday night. The lady on the phone was very nice and accommodating. I did have to bump my reservation up an hour due to my large party size but no biggie. They asked if I wanted cake and someone to sing I said sure. 
I called earlier the day of to add 1 more person to the reservation, they said ok. We arrived and got drinks at the bar because we were a little early. We then went to our table in the back. The table was only set for 10 people not 12, we grabbed other chairs from nearby. 
Service was kinda slow and it did take awhile for our food to come out. It's still a new restaurant so I'll give them a pass. The she crab soup had good flavor but could have used more crab in it- I only got a few pieces of lump crab. The crabcake was decent. It had some good size lump pieces, but the inside was slightly on the mushy side. The fries were a little soggy as well. 
The steam pot was the thing to order here, it was delicious. Luckily my friends couldn't eat all of theirs and gave me some of their food. The blue crabs were a good size. I loved the spicy broth they used for the steam pot, it complimented it well. The piano player gave me a birthday shoutout and played a couple of songs I requested, which made me feel special. He also sang happy birthday when they brought my piece of smith island cake out. I kind of thought the cake was going to be complimentary by the way they asked on the phone, but it wasn't. It was a little on the dry side, but the chocolate fudge part of it was good. 
We all had a fun night out. It was also cool you get to go to jolly's piano bar upstairs afterwards free of charge. Highlights of the night were the steam pot and the piano singer. If we come back I'll definitely get the steam pot next time.This was my first visit to this establishment. First of all it was very hard to find parking.  We ended up using the parking space across the street, sadly it cost $25. 
Once we entered, no one was there to greet us. About a few minutes there was someone (I believe it was the manger). We were asked between to places to sit, which was nice to have the option. 
Our waiter did arrive and introduced himself and asked us what we would like to drink.  My husband ordered a coors lite (which they did not have) so he order miller lite. I ordered a margarita with lite ice with salt. Our drinks came in a timely manner.  Soon after that we ordered our appetizers and dinner.  Our waiter mentioned that there was only 6 small crabs left, mind you it was only 7:30pm on a Friday night. 
One of our appetizers were 6 oysters - both my husband and I agree that they were fresh and tasty.   I would order this again.  Our 2nd appetizer was buffalo shrimp-sadly there was only 6 shrimp. They did taste very good , they were served with blue cheese and celery. But for the price we paid, i would have thought we would have more than 6 shrimp. 
Along with our appetizers, we ordered fish and chips. 
This ordered tasted very good. The fish was lightly battered and tasted very good and when it arrived to the table it was temperature hot and has a crunch when eaten. With the fish came slaw and chips (curly fries), the fries were a bit soggy and it seemed lite it was cooked in old oil. The fries were a bit dark in color and it seem like they were a bit stingy with the fries. 
Now remember the waiter mentioned that they only had 7 small crabs left. Well guess what! Yep! We took the crabs.  Well when the order came, yes they were 6 small crabs.  The sad thing was 1/6 of the crabs that were cooked was dead( we know fresh crabs), smelled like ammonia and was slimy.  2/6 were water logged. The crabs are suppose to be steamed but seemed like it was cooked in water. So it was not a good experience with the crabs. My husband asked for the manger and discussed the problem with the crabs. The manger took the crabs to back were the cook was, we have no idea what was discussed. 
The manger did not even say that the crab that were spoiled would be taken off the bill. All i can say is - that is very poor customer service.  I believe they should have taken the crabs off the bill. I just did not understand that at all. 
There was also a piano player at this establishment. My husband and I did enjoy the entertainment.What a wonderful addition to the restaurant scene! The crab cakes, steak salad, fried green tomatoes, seafood salad, fries, oysters, steamed crab legs and drinks were fantastic!  It really reminded me of a MD style restaurant that we've needed in Phila for a long time!  Wonderful night out with the girls celebrating birthdays and the piano bar made it even more entertaining!  I highly recommend and we will back for the amazing food, service, hospitality and fun atmosphere! Thank you to the staff for making our night so memorable!We heard about the Nauti Mermaid, and decided to give a call to see about the wait. We were told it would be about an hour, but we decided to give it a shot.
We ubered over with the intent to get drinks around the corner during the wait, but we're actually seated right away. There was also plenty of seating at the bar.
They really need to figure out what they're doing here. They've been open for a month, and it's a complete cluster....
Piano man that never showed up, waiter kept forgetting things we put in, not enough waitstaff working, leak by the bathroom with water dripping into buckets.  Only one type of oyster... and the oysters were warm. 
The crabs were delicious, and certainly #1's... I just wouldn't bring family / friends here. Many other options for the $.... but not a bad place to slip into for drinks/crabs.Awesome place for crabs and fun!  The flavor and size of the jumbo crabs were amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and attentive.  Shout out to Dave who bartended upstairs Atmosphere is really nice.   Piano players were talented and played wide variety of music.  Also the ribs were a fan favorite.  Highly recommend for anyone who wants a great meal.The service was horrible and after we watched the cook wipe his nose and then plate food we were disgusted!!My boyfriend and I went to the Nauti Mermaid with incredibly high expectations. As he is from Annapolis, we spend a lot of time there eating crabs. When we heard of the Nauti Mermaid opening, we were excited yet cautious to try crabs somewhere other than Maryland. 
We came in on a Wednesday night and were seating right away, we were the only people in the restaurant and began feeling a bit nervous. The restaurant did soon begin to fill. We started out with the fried oysters which were fried perfectly and the she crab soup. The soup had an amazing amount of lump crab in it and was not too heavy. I will say it could have used some more Old Bay (if it had any at all). I would definitely order again. 
We decided to do a dozen crabs. When we asked the waiter what size crabs they were (expecting small, medium, large, jumbo...) he showed us with his hands. We didn't have much faith at that point but went with it anyway. Those crabs surprised the hell out of us. They were some of the meatiest crabs we have ever eaten. They seemed to be a mix of mediums, larges, and even a few jumbos. But all of them were packed (seriously) with delicious crab meat. 
We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and left feeling full. The Nauti Mermaid most definitely gets the Maryland stamp of approval. We look forward to returning!Delicious food! Amazing drinks! Great happy hour! Friendly and fabulous service! The crab legs were lush and plump! The crab cake was fresh and delicious it didn't need any sauces. Our friends had fresh oysters, the soup and shrimp were all savory! No complaints here! We already made reservations for Saturday night!Their crabs are amazing! Fair priced for all you can eat so no complaints there, but for non seafood people there aren't many options unfortunately. My girlfriend got the steak and wasn't too thrilled so I'd say just come here for the seafood. 
Friendly staff also added to the great experience. Definitely recommend checking it out.The overall experience wasn't to bad. The waiter was very nice and tentative. Until they became busy .. he was the only one waiting on tables which seems a little much for the owners to expect from him and being able to keep up the great service.
We ordered the bottomless crabs .. The kitchen is HORRIBLY SLOW.... A few of the crabs were over cooked . So much I thought I was eating a new type of crab soup. 
The corn was flavorless ... might as well toss it. Corn is at its best when freshly picked.. Add sugar next time to the water to bring it back to life while boiling.  Seemed this corn was from last season. 
This restaurant is no where near a Maryland Crab House. So ... if you go just remember you're in PA not MD.Superb crab dishes. Everyone in my party enjoyed their selections. Excellent and attentive service from our server, David/Daniel? They didn't have all of the menu ito update their menu call to confirmbut we look forward to sampling the file menu.They seem to boil their crab, I prefer steam. When u boil them it's hard to crack crab because the shell becomes soft. This is a preference: I don't like the meat to be salty (that's what happens when you boil them). Crab is prefect just as it is (sweet). Ambiance is good, nice vibe. The cocktails have a better name than they taste. I'd like to try the crab cake though. Depending on the crab cake will determine if this a place I'd like to frequent because right now I wouldn'tGreat place ,great employees, try it out you won't be disappointed. Price range is pretty decent and theres some good drinks as well. Try the Crabs!!1st.. Valentines Eve nooo crowd 5 star 2nd.. Welcomed by NATE love this guy... He did it all welcomed guests waited tables and tended bar 5stars.
3rd Happy Hour.. Great drinks & Great apps 5 stars.
4th.. The Meal perfectly cooked crabs plenty of butter and awesome fries 5 stars.
5th The Company 5 stars!!You can tell this is a new restaurant, so I don't want to be too harsh. But the wait on a Friday night was extraordinarily long and it looked like there was only one server for the whole restaurant. However the food quality is actually very good. I'm hoping to return in the next couple of months and hopefully they've ironed out the kinks in service.Good food. Great atmosphere! Definitely worth checking out. Best crab in Philly hands down.I will give this 4 stars instead of five just because of the service. Service is part of the experience. The food is delicious, the buckets are amazing, except the "garlic butter" (if you love butter bring your own) the crab cakes are delicious, the crab dip is wonderful,  drinks are great prices however, the service there is horrible. My mother was already waiting there and they would not seat her at a table until I got there yes we had a table for two but it was not busy and we had a reservation either way she was going to get a table it was a reservation for two not 20. I felt like she could've sat at a table. I came in and the bar is right there almost as soon as you walk in however there were four people behind the bar not one person acknowledged me and not one person asked did I need help or anything. they just continued their conversation I had to ask them, how weird is since I don't even work there. we were seated only after the person seating us finished their conversation. we sit down we order I get my drinks that's great then I want another drink but no waitress or waiter is around I had to go up to the bar to order my drink again I guess I work there. We had slaw but no for my mother asked for a fork one would assume since she asked for a for and I had the same thing as her I would need a fork but the waitress mustn't have thought about that. Sorry to drag on but customer service is important especially if you want a good tip. I'm talking to you lady with the black nose ring. Again the food is amazing so try it.This place was a unique business idea for the old city area. I never heard of the Nauti Mermaid but when my dad kept saying he wanted to have blue claw crabs and the places we usually go didn't have any I found this place. We went and enjoyed the atmosphere. The crabs were pretty good too. My dad was disappointed because the crabs were not cleaned but I say true crab eaters don't mind. 
Nonetheless he wanted to give a suggestion that they  offer cleaned crabs at an additional charge. Well the suggestion led to our server having him fill out a form to be on the mailing list or so i thought. The next day my dad called me unable to contain himself because the restaurant called to tell him he won a $100 gift card. I think that made up for the uncleaned crabs...lol. He was soo happy.  Needless to say we will return to Nauti Mermaid!My server was awesome. The food was unbelievable but the service really knocked the ball out of the park! She made sure we had everything we needed while putting smiles on our faces from enjoyable banter! Can't wait to go back!We made reservations for 7:30, arrived at 7:10 multiple parties came in which I believed didn't have reservations and were seated before us. We finally were seated at 7:50 we ordered immediately our appetizers came out relatively quickly but by 8:50 we still had not received our entrees the manager told us there was a mix up in the kitchen. We asked for our check and left, the manager did comp our beverages and two appetizers. I won't return due to the poor and extremely slow service.Giving this three stars based on the delicious food but there were a few quirky things that happened during the evening that management should take heed of. 1. the bench seating in the back is uncomfortable not because bench seating is uncomfortable per se but every time the woman sitting at the table next to me moved or laughed the whole bench that I was sitting on moved. It really made it awkward for me to get into an engrossed or romantic conversation with my husband with that going on. 2. One of my pet peeves is wasting food. I ordered the all you can eat crabs and was told that they come out 6 at a time. 6 was almost enough but I though 6 more would be way too many but I put in the order for 6 more anyway. Upon waiting a bit for the next order I was presented with 12 crabs. I said to my waiter I thought only 6 were coming out. There is no way I can eat 12 and he said that the chef cooked me 12 since it was almost 8PM and that was the last order. I truly felt horrible. I could only eat three more crabs and that meant that 9 were wasted. I felt guilty enough about potentially wasting 3. 3. We went here for my husband's birthday. On the reservation they asked if we were celebrating a special occasion and I put down that it was my husband's birthday. There was no acknowledgment of his birthday during the course of the evening....why ask if you are not going to acknowledge it. Ok, those were the negatives - - the positive was that the service was friendly and efficient and the food was delicious. We will go back but I will sit at a table and triple check that they are not going to be bringing out crabs that will just be thrown in the trash.Crabs were a good size, full of meat and had a great spice on them that is their version of Old Bay I'd imagine, it was right up my alley.  
The oysters we had for happy hour were a buck a shuck and were from I believe Maryland.  Very delicious. 
Overall the vibe was good for a Tuesday happy hour.   I really hope these guys get some traction because the city needs a good crab house.I'm only giving them 3 stars because the crabs are really delicious. There was no one to greet my guest and I when we arrived. A server finally came over to greet us after about 4 minutes. My guest and I decided to wait at the bar until our table was ready. The bartender never verbally greeted us, she just "TOSSED" two menus up on the bar like a FRISBEE and dashed passed us. We both looked at each other in AWE and decided that we would rather not order from the bar because we did not feel welcomed. I brought the matter to the owners attention who decides to tell us that he's never had a complaint about the bar before, and that he was glad that I told him instead of POSTING it online. (What a jerk) not really apologetic at all. We were seated and our server finally came over to take our drink and appetizer orders. His service was good not fantastic. We ordered the fried oysters which were amazing, fried shrimp(YUCKY) and Blue Claw crabs which were delicious. There was a post on their FB page which advertised THURS-SAT all you can eat blues for 39.99.. NOT!! I think that was a ploy to get people down there. The special was a half dozen Large for 39.99. It was worth it though. The crabs were a decent size, tasty and meaty. After dinner the server brought over the bill, there is NO VISIBLE SIGN and they do NOT verbally tell you that they automatically add 20% GRATUITY to everyone's bill. Even though I am a good tipper let ME decide how much I want to give. I didn't make a big deal out of it but I DON'T think I'll be going back.Went there a couple of days after they first opened. Food was terrific but the service was terrible. We chalked it up to only being open for a couple of days. Went back a month later with a friend to give a second try. My friend waited 10 minutes at the front of the restaurant no eye contact no nothing. When I arrived she went to the owner who said take a seat anywhere. We did....waited another 10 minutes. Numerous restaurant employees passed our table....no eye contact no acknowledgment.....we got up and left, no one even noticed.  We walked a block to Royal Boucherie and were treated liked Royalty.We really enjoyed our meals here - crabcakes for two of us, shrimp basket for the third, and all delicious plus the fries were perfectly cooked. Great ambiance, fun spot for seafood, highly recommend it if you are in the neighborhood. We stopped in after seeing some films at the Ritz East.Me and my girlfriend went here Saturday night as a last minute thing. We sat at the bar where we were served by a very cheery and attentive bar tender named Jackie. She recommended the crabs and she was spot on. We had a blast!! Thanks Jackie!!I was first introduced to Nauti Mermaid (whose name I find so clever and cute) at a Yelp Elite Event about a month ago. I had such a great time there (and at a Jolly's Dueling Piano Bar upstairs) I decided to head there again for my birthday festivities this past weekend where I had an equally, if not better time! 
Nauti is an easy to spot casual nautical themed restaurant/bar in the heart of Old City where patrons enjoy fresh seafood. During the Yelp Event the fried oysters were a definitely a fan favorite and what everyone was raving about! My friends who joined us this past weekend also enjoyed these immensely as well as regular $1 buck a shuck oysters. Hubs ordered some fresh, large and spicy buffalo shrimp for the table, which were enjoyed by all as well. Prices were reasonable, and I like that you can order smaller plates for sharing even if you're just heading out for cocktails. 
Everyone sipped on drinks in mason jars, which I love! I like that they run late night evening happy hour from 9-10 nightly too! For just $4 we sampled some lighter crush drinks, but I did notice once they were regularly priced again, the were notably much stronger. Not a big deal. I absolutely adore that they serve "crush" drinks here as it brings me back to my Ocean City Maryland days. In fact, I have never seen them north of the DELMARVA area, so that's super fun and goes so perfectly with the whole beach theme. 
I was pleasantly surprised to see piano downstairs as well! The kind gentleman entertaining us led the room in singing 'Hppy Birthday' to me, which was very sweet and certainly appreciated. He also played any songs my friends requested and snapped a few group photos for us. 
The only thing I didn't love was the $10 cover for upstairs, which we later came to find out didn't need to be paid if you're headed from Nauti to Jolly's. Not sure where the confusion was, but I could've saved my crew a total of $80, especially when they were already purchasing food and drinks. 
Nauti is a great new place in Old City I would absolutely hit up again! Even on a weekend night the crowd was more mature and I love the addition of the music on the weekends. It's a fab place to go when you want more than just dinner or when you want more than just drinks. Winning!This place is a small little cozy restaurant that's full of life. When I arrived there was a 30 minute wait but there were several open tables. We waited and were finally seated at one of the tables that had been open since we arrived. I ordered the mermaid punch cocktail which was really good. For food, I ordered the nauti fries and half pound of peel and eat shrimp. The fries were good but the shrimp was not what I'd imagined yet still good. I also tried their oyster cocktail which was good as well. The restaurant played great music the entire time.Don't expect a fine dining establishment but it's the best crab house in philly with some surprising additions. 
Bar tenders have a little attitude but that adds to the charm. Head upstairs to the piano bar for the the great entertainment and hopping crowd...Birthday dinner for my sister was great. Nice atmosphere, food and drinks was great. The waitress was excellentUnderstanding that our visit was 5 days into the Nauti Mermaid's existence in Philadelphia:
Crab: Generally well-sized, well-seasoned with Old Bay, and reasonably priced (6 for $40, 12 for $75). The Colossal Crab Cake was good, too: tons of crab meat, though I wished for a bit more horseradish remoulade to go with it.
Non-crab: The oysters were $2/shuck and, raw, were enjoyed by our table. The shrimp cocktail was terrific. The slaw side was nice and refreshing. The fries were not quite crispy and slightly over-seasoned--ketchup might have helped to tone down the salt factor. The prime rib nachos were served deconstructed, i.e., with a few round, fried tortillas on the side of pureed meat'n'beans with a few peppers thrown in: would not order again. The fried green tomatoes were good: served with chopped bits of pork.
Drinks: The Blueberry Mojito Mocktail was quite tasty; the New Fashioned was judged too sweet/fruity for one who generally enjoys Old Fashioned.
Important to note, particularly for diners who are allergic to seafood, currently the menu is much more limited than that on the website, so don't expect as many non-seafood choices as shown online.
Will return for more crabs, and to see how the service settles in: for the second time at this second new restaurant of the day, we were not greeted by a hostess. This time we stood awkwardly for a bit until one in our party went and asked where we should sit.I've had this spot bookmarked for a long time and was excited when I'd finally gotten an opportunity to try it. Well, as an avid, lifelong crab eater I was highly disappointed. My snow crabs were very bland. They weren't seasoned and were kinda cold, which I do eat cold crabs but I'd expected that if they were being steamed they'd be more warm. I felt like I would've gotten better steamed crabs at ShopRite. My friend had an order of shrimps and they weren't impressive either. I usually take pics of my food, but this wasn't even worth it.My family and I visited this restaurant yesterday to celebrate my birthday and it was very mediocre & especially for the price!! We ordered fried oysters & they were nothing like I expected. They was very very tiny on top of the big shell. The ratio was completely off. I was absolutely disappointed because I've had better (other places) & it's my favorite! My sister had buffalo shrimp... oh god, just take it off the menu cause it doesn't compare to like red stone (where they set the tone for buffalo shrimp. My other sister order the bang bang shrimp. They were good size and fresh but they came plain with sweet and sour sauce on the side Next, I order the crab cake entree. BE ALARMED the picture they advise is FALSE it was "lump" pieces here & there but it's not big like the pictures they advertise and super lump. I will say my food was hot so that's a plus. Far as flavor it was just "okay". My husband ordered the bottomless blue crabs ‍ they were very small sandy and they only give you four at time. They acted as if they were afraid to give you some. The cocktails were horrible! I felt like I was drinking juice. Nate the waiter was good but not 38.00 in gratuity worth (that they automatically add to the bill)  I personally will never go back but you guys can diff try for yourselvesWent here tonight and it was excellent. My friend and I both got the she crab soup and it was amazing. I got a lb of snow crab legs reasonably priced and phenomenal. My friend got the mini crab cakes, but said they were a little lacking in flavor. Honestly, while drooling at the table's food around us, the regular portions looked much more delicious, as they clearly didn't have to size down (the regular crab cakes are loaded!) the cocktails took some time but I was happy with mine! Our server was also perfect, was very happy with service. Can't wait to bring more people in!They have bottomless brunch option on weekend. 
$25 drink only option, adding $10 you get a brunch entree. Good deal.Came here on a solo date a few weeks ago. The food was amazing and the staff was extremely welcoming and friendly. The pineapple mimosa I had was the perfect balance between lots of champagne and a splash of pineapple (the way I like it). I ordered the fried shrimp and it was extremely fresh and a large portion. I will be back again!Their food is so good! So my mom got a gift card for $50 and they give you a $50 for free. I love seafood so I tried their fried shrimp which was so good and they were huge. For appetizers, we got the crab cakes and buffalo shrimp.This is a great restaurant with a great intimate (small) feel. Menu is a bit limited, but everything we had was bang'n. I took my three kids here, 14, 11 and 5...there were no kids menus, but that is fine with me, I take my kids to 'trendy' restaurants, and we work very well without kids menus. Every dish we ordered was out of this world... Fried green tomatoes were delish...although there were only three slices per order, they were well worth it (kids begged for another order) . The she-crab soup was some of the best I EVER had...really amazing. The oysters on the half shell were fresh and so good my five year old has proclaimed them to be his new favorite food (mac & cheese was so much cheaper). The key lime martini and the blueberry mint mojito are both recommended.
So why not a five star rating? My kids' sodas were $5 each... I was told it was because of the Philly soda tax, but this is disingenuous, no where in the city did we pay more than $2.50 for a dinner soda, even at our hotel bar, or even our dinner cruise... $15.00 for 3 kid sodas is shameful (and to blame the soda tax is even more disgusting/deceptive). 
Secondly our entrees came out at different times. My youngest son's shrimp came first, then 5 minutes later two of my boys received their crab cake dinner, and ten minutes later my fried oysters arrived.
Our server was excellent, and other diners really seemed to be enjoying their choices, this place specializes in whole crabs and crab pots, neither of which we ordered, but everyone around us got the crabs and were loving their cracking... (our crab cakes and boardwalk fries were great)
Great staff, excellent food, bad (soda) pricing, poor plate timing...cozy atmosphere... I'd definitely come back. It seems like a restaurant that needs to get its groove...  I think this place is 4 1/2 stars...but I can't give half star ratings.
We will go back to this restaurant...you should go there as well.Everything was absolutely wonderful. I took my boyfriend here for Valentine's Day and he loved everything!!!
The boils were amazing and the crabs!!!!Very disappointing experience. Came down (from North Jersey) for a wedding and was looking forward to going here after a friend posted pics of their food. My fiance loves crab cakes so I wanted to treat him. We were greeted and sat quickly. We ordered the oysters with bacon spinach and cheese (good). Colossal crab cakes meal to share and the skirt steak. Skirt steak had no flavor (mustve forgotten to season it with S&P).. Crab cakes were good but were not hot.. Actually not even warm. Seems Like they prepared them earlier and plated them. I ate a few fork fulls and mentioned it to the server. He took it back, apologized and said they were going to make a new one (they' could have just put in the oven) but im thinking "oh that's nice" fast forward 40 min later and still no crab cake!! The server kept checking with the kitchen and the crab cake was not ready! I guess the chef put it on the back burner to do other orders, but seriously a crab cake does not take that long. I make them at home for Pete's sake! Server kept apologizing and gave us a free shot and they took one crab cake off the bill. Whoopty do! My whole experience was ruined by the wait and the cold crab cakes.. Plural because when the new one finally arrived it was just as cold as the first one HOW????? I didnt even bother to mention it, our meter was running out of time, so we paid and left. Waste of $90. Never again! Oh actually $105 (including tip, but the server was really nice so that part wasn't a waste)I really enjoyed the crabs here. They are a little pricy but the seasoning was spot on, and they were delicious. The atmosphere is very nice, and the staff very friendly. The mango martini was fine, I think too much Prosecco which just dulled the flavors. My boyfriend got the pit beef sandwich which wasn't very good somehow the meat was dry and the bun falling apart soggy. Also the bang bang shrimp I'd prefer it be coated in the sauce instead of having to dip.
I highly recommend the large blue claw crab and the peel and eat shrimp. We had a great time!Amazing crab cakes eggs Benedict. Heading back for BOGO crab legs. Cool little place outside Penn's Landing and wonderful drinks.We were excited for this place when it first opened and we've been there a few times since.  There were a few growing pains early on, but most impressively, this place was backed by someone who cares. I think every time we went in, Jolly was there to ensure a good time was had.  Sure, his name was on the piano bar upstairs, and putting your name on something doesn't mean a lot to some people, but I'm someone who thinks it should matter.  The man wants his name/brand to mean something and ensures that a quality is met.  If something goes wrong, let's correct it.  Just talking to him for a few minutes as I went to feed the meter, he gave me advice on where to park so I wouldn't be towed if I was staying out later in the night.  
I enjoy the food, the cocktails, and just the entire evening whenever I am there.I stopped in for happy hour with a group of friends and really enjoyed myself. I like that their happy hour is 3 hours (4-7pm) instead of only two like most places. There are more food specials than drink specials so this is the place to go if you're hungry. When I visited Miller Lite, house wine and the Mermaid Crush were the only happy hour drink specials. For food I tried the mussels (delicious garlic sauce and a nice sized portion, great presentation), the fried oysters (I like raw oysters so this was interesting. They were good but I wouldn't get them prepared that way again). My friends tried the raw oysters and fried shrimp and enjoyed them both. The drink service was slow but the bartender was working very hard. A bar back probably would have been helpful. The food came out of the kitchen very quickly. I may come back for dinner one day.Good happy hour special and all u can eat crabs..excellent service! Small place but cozySo, never been to this place before and probably will not be back.  The best thing I can say about this place was the oysters were good.  Thank God all they had to do was open and plate them.  
I guess I have to chalk the poor drinks up to it being happy hour.  Their signature drink the mermaid punch had absolutely NO Punch at all.  I could have served it to my 1 year old neice without a hitch.  
I ordered the jumbo crab cakes which were not worth the cost.  They were short on the jumbo and long in the breading.  I will not be back.I have eaten here a couple of times, sometimes for happy hour, and others for dinner. I usually order the same thing, because it's fresh and I love it. The oysters are a good appetizer, as well as the bang bang shrimp. The deal for the crab legs is also good. It's fun to split with someone too. The boardwalk fries, either with or without the cheese sauce is also good.I went to Nauti Mermaid expecting big things as far as a Maryland seafood experience. This was by far the worst seafood dinner experience I've ever had in Philadelphia. 1st the hostess walks away when we were about to be seated then leaves by cold front for 15 min while she goes upstairs. 2nd they were out of crabs on a Saturday night -isn't this a crab seafood house. 3rd the drinks were not tasty or appealing. They tasted like I was at old old bar all like an old man whiskey type drink and my drink was suppose to be a fruit flavored. I should have known when b4 I took a sip the waitress said if I don't like the drink she can have it re-made The crab cake was not impressive nothing resembling anything like a Maryland fresh crab cake and fried shrimp had no flavor some sauce splash on it and not hot. Just a very wasted $80.  I will not be back!! As in Philadelphia there is no shortage of restaurant options.New management of the place but a lot of the character remains the same. 
Pianos upfront which play sing along classics. Oysters out the wazoo and a relaxed nautical vibe throughout. 
I've really only ever had the oysters and appetizers which have been great. Looking forward to trying their full menu one of these daysHonestly where do I begin. Seated quickly and our waiter Nate made the experience awesome.  We started with some cocktails.  It was Nauti Hour and the Nauti crush were $5 and they were good so I indulged and got two.  My mom got the shark bite and it was not short of cruzan rum.  The oyster shooters were yummy.  
Okay okay okay, please try the Nauti Blue Boil the seafood was fresh and the broth LORD!!!  Let's just say I took some home with me.  As a french fries lover these were top notch for me in the city.  My other guest ordered steamed jumbo shrimp and that broth was also amazing.
We will be returning in the very near future.  This is definitely a must visit and recomendable spot in Philly.  Go and check this jawn out. 
Oh wait you have to try the Smith Island Cake perfect end to an amazing meal and experience.The hostess is amazing! He was very patient and ensured our tabs could be split (due to a conference visit). The food was delicious! We had various appetizers (raw oysters, crab cakes, and buffalo shrimp).Date night this past Saturday at the Nauti Mermaid. Took advantage of a Black Friday deal.  Purchased a 100$ gift card and received one for 100$!  We made reservations to make sure we got a table. Drove down to the venue and got lucky finding a parking spot out front. We went inside gave our name and were seated promptly.  Our waitress Sarah was friendly and attentive. We placed our drink orders and looked at the food menu. Sarah brought out my Cucumber Mint Smash and a Nauti New Fashioned for the missus.  The drinks were very tasty and I finished mine way too fast.  For an appetizer we had buffalo shrimp, steamed little necks and raw oysters. The buffalo shrimp had plenty of sauce, not overpowering heat, and were cooked well. The little necks were tasty. I didn't try the oysters but the missus said they were okay. For dinner I had the crab cake sandwich which came with fries. The missus ordered the Dungeness crab clusters. The crab cake was the highlight of the meal. Large pieces of lump crab not a bunch of filler and broiled to perfection. I enjoyed the house cut fries served with it.  The Dungeness crabs were cooked well. Leaving the shell crisp enough to break and the meat inside was juicy. Two average size clusters lightly seasoned. I was disappointed that no side was included with the crabs.  They place was lively and people were enjoying themselves.  The pianist was just getting started as we finished up our meal.  Think we're gonna use our other gift card to check out their brunch and the bottomless drink specials!Such nice people!! Came for drinks and had an awesome grapefruit crush, the owners are so friendly!! Loved coming here, can't wait to try their dinner!The closest you can get to outstanding seafood in the heart of Philadelphia. From broiled oysters with bacon & Gouda to fried oysters with chive & cream cheese and Maryland blue crab to mouth watering crab cakes, this is an excellent option for quality seafood. Nauti Mermaid has a Nauti hour from 9-10 pm everyday. They serve buck-a-shuck oysters, fried oysters and a couple of cocktails for $5. Not many restaurants offer something like during peak hours so this is a pretty sweet deal. 
Adding to the atmosphere is a live piano performance every night so you can enjoy beautiful music while you're trying to crack open those crab legs. The service is excellent. The generous hosts offered the Nauti hour specials to us even though we were seated at 8:30, thirty minutes before the Nauti Hour. Great service, great food and great music - I will be back for sure!Date night this past Saturday at the Nauti Mermaid. Took advantage of a Black Friday deal.  Purchased a 100$ gift card and received one for 100$!  We made reservations to make sure we got a table. Drove down to the venue and got lucky finding a parking spot out front. We went inside gave our name and were seated promptly.  Our waitress Sarah was friendly and attentive. We placed our drink orders and looked at the food menu. Sarah brought out my Cucumber Mint Smash and a Nauti New Fashioned for the missus.  The drinks were very tasty and I finished mine way too fast.  For an appetizer we had buffalo shrimp, steamed little necks and raw oysters. The buffalo shrimp had plenty of sauce, not overpowering heat, and were cooked well. The little necks were tasty. I didn't try the oysters but the missus said they were okay. For dinner I had the crab cake sandwich which came with fries. The missus ordered the Dungeness crab clusters. The crab cake was the highlight of the meal. Large pieces of lump crab not a bunch of filler and broiled to perfection. I enjoyed the house cut fries served with it.  The Dungeness crabs were cooked well. Leaving the shell crisp enough to break and the meat inside was juicy. Two average size clusters lightly seasoned. I was disappointed that no side was included with the crabs.  They place was lively and people were enjoying themselves.  The pianist was just getting started as we finished up our meal.  Think we're gonna use our other gift card to check out their brunch and the bottomless drink specialsI decided to go back and give Nauti Mermaid another try since I love seafood and it's so close to my condo. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it has improved in both service and food. There are really good Happy Hour specials and good daily specials. The surf and turf special on the day I went seemed like a steal. A perfectly cooked to order, albeit a bit thin, steak was combined with a tasty crab cake. But I was most happy to see a fried shrimp platter! A plate of delicious large crispy golden fried shrimp always hits the right spot for me, and that's just what I got. I was able to try a couple of cocktails, which were just OK. It's not often that a place can jump up 2 stars, but Nauti Mermaid has done it and it will now be one of my go-to spots in my 'hood.I went here for Auvergne crabs with the family, the first round of crabs were like mashed potatoes on the inside. I returned them after just pulling a leg from each of them without even cracking the back. The waiter Nate informed me the crabs were fresh and cooked on a set timer so I asked for my next round. They came out the same way. I don't mean a little soft they were complete mush and this was after waiting 25 minutes for them. By that time I was annoyed and ready to go. Nate charged us $50 for the crabs despite me not being able to eat a single one and then told me I shouldn't complain because everyone else was eating them (not at my table) needless to say we won't be going back.Update: They changed the corn they use (small, no herbs, and a lower quality), the coleslaw (smaller portion & kind of dry), and the fries - so my photos of the sides are not accurate anymore. *sad face* But they also lowered the price of the AYCE to $29.99. I would've preferred to pay the few extra dollars for the previous corn and coleslaw. Leaving my review at 4 stars because it's still such a great deal and I love the crabs. Wish they'd consider reverting back to the old sides.
--
This is a review of our first visit to the Nauti Mermaid after a Facebook ad caught our attention about their All You Can Eat Crabs special.
Pros:
- Crabs: The crabs come out plentiful and are hot and packed with flavor. The butter on the side is a perfect complement to the juicy crabmeat. They season the crabs with old bay seasoning which is super tasty. We got a good variation of smaller to huge crabs. Our first order had about 6 crabs and our refill order had about 7. They were all so hot and fresh and perfectly cooked.
- Sides: The coleslaw reminds me of the south. It was addicting and perfect. The corn on the cob came steaming hot and rolled in butter and herbs. Just need some salt which we added. We also ordered the boardwalk fries which came out super fresh and were also seasoned with old bay. They're hand cut and thicimust try! 
- Location: We love this area of Philly. It's safe and we found parking pretty quickly (might've been luck).
Cons:
- They were out of potato salad which is included in the endless crab special but they said there were no substitutions. Kind of a bummer since crabs go so well with potatoes so we had to spend extra for the side of fries. I think the restaurant should offer a substitution if they don't make enough of a side included in the special.
- The sides are not bottomless so you'll get one corn on the cob and one cole slaw. Only a bummer because both are soo good. Would have loved another order of corn.
- The service was a little clunky. We asked for an order of fries and the server brought out two. They were delicious so we didn't correct him but we paid for both and took a bunch home. When we got there, we were told we could only order crabs until 6pm but the table next to us was told they could re-order after 6pm since they got there before 6pm (by a different waiter). Not a huge deal but just an observation. We noticed some customers weren't aware that the all you can eat crabs was until 6pm and were upset they arrived after. I don't recall seeing 6pm in the ad either.
Overall, we loved this place. There's a few kinks I'm sure they're working out but I will definitely return. We paid about $82 for two people (plus tip) but it was worth it. We hope they have potato salad next time or offer a substitution. We also want to try the crab cakes that all these reviews rave about. Yum!Absolutely love this place!!! They have the best crabs in Philadelphia and the service is always great! Highly recommend and definitely will return!! Also check out the piano bar upstairs on Friday and Saturday nights!!This place is legit. My girlfriend and I eat crab all the time. We had the blue crab and everything down to the butter was done right. We go everywhere in philly looking for proper crab of all sorts and so many places have fallen off, it was great to go somewhere new that knew what they were doing. The piano man is even great.Nice crab atmosphere.  Excellent Maryland blue crabs. Not noisy. Poor selection of draft beer. And the draft beer was flat.  Not enough carbonation.This place is full of seafood so for a landfood lover I was disappointed in the lack of non seafood options. My friends really enjoyed their food, the crab cake was super crab meat filled which I hear is a great thing. They had a pianist on a Saturday night which was nice but it was also made it difficult to converse. The restaurant is still pretty new so they have a few kinks to iron out but overall it was a good experience. I wouldn't come back but again I'm not a huge seafood fan.Second Time eating at this place since they recently opened. And I must say that I always feel like I am a part of the restaurant and very welcomed every time I eat here. Our server was really nice during dinner it was very very very attentive to what we want and the things that we liked. He made sure that I would drinks were on time and we're perfect for our liking. 
The food came out pretty fast and it was very delicious and just what we expected and more. I can't wait to see where this please close in the future, and I will definitely make another visit.We were looking for a good brunch place to hit before we ended our mini mom & dad night out weekend and we stumbled upon Nauti Mermaid. Their food is incredible and the staff is so sweet. I had the Crab Benedict and my husband built his own omelette... SO delicious. Two weeks later and we still drool over our meals and look forward to going back!I had the crab steam pot, a fairly decent seafood place by the water. Unfortunately the piano bar was closed when we were there.There are very few places in Philly where you can roll up your sleeves, grab a beer, and chow down on quality Maryland blue crabs. If you place a blue crab in front of me, I am the happiest person on Earth. I tried Nauti Mermaid Crab House when they first opened, and I've been meaning to come back, so I struck at the opportunity last night. 
The Nauti Mermaid is a quaint seafood restaurant in the heart of Old City. They run happy hour specials, which including 1/2 price appetizers and buck-a-shuck oysters. We indulged in fried oysters, spicy peel n'eat shrimp, six large male blue crabs, snow crab clusters, and a basket of fries that came with melted cheese sauce. The fried oysters were lightly battered, briny, and they were cleverly arranged on a bed of a lemony remoulade sauce in individual oyster shells. I chowed down on the large male blue crabs - the crabs were seasoned with Old Bay, and the crab meat was sweet and scrumptious. When you order blue crabs, they come with a side of cole slaw, melted butter, and an ear of corn. The price point was decent and definitely cheaper than other places. The snow crab clusters were a little too salty for me, so I stuck mostly with the blue crabs. 
Our server was very friendly and attentive, and the food came out very quickly. 
I will need to knock off stars for this problem - I took home a blue crab, a snow crab cluster, and the remaining ear of corn. The blue crab smelled like it was rotting by the time I left the restaurant with the doggy bag, and when I got home to open the crab up, the crab meat inside was mushy and rotten. It was clearly dead by the time it was served to us. I am disappointed (and probably lucky) that neither of us ate this last crab. Otherwise, I did enjoy the experience when I was there, but I am hoping that they tighten quality control with seafood.My experience at the Nauti Mermaid Crab House was good but not great. I ordered a crab cake with fries and cole slaw. My boyfriend ordered the burger that had crab meat on it, and it had fries on the side. Their crab cakes weren't as delicious as I expected. I think there wasn't enough crab and there was too much breading. The cole slaw was ok. However, I did enjoy their mango margarita and the fries were very good. 
My boyfriend said his burger was good and the crab meat was just ok. He also liked the fries. 
The service here is very good. Our waiter was attentive and brought out the food/drinks quickly. 
I may come back to try a different dish because the rest of the menu sounded delicious!Truthfully, this place needs new BOH staff and more FOH staff on duty. My friends and I came in for brunch this past weekend. The restaurant only had 1 server on staff, Maurice. Maurice was very kind and patient and did the best he could with the little support he had. It was very disheartening to see only 1 server managing 8 plus tabletops at a time. The drinks were pretty decent and priced well for $6/each. However, my friends ordered the dozen small crabs. The crabs came out barely seasoned with minimal butter and were dead and/or rotten. My friend received 4 dead/rotten crabs out of her 12 (all of which were FEMALE crabs and which aren't supposed to be consumed (ethically)). The head cook comes out from the back in a frantic, rude manner "THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH YOUR CRABS! I COOKED THEM FRESH!" Upon him inspecting the crabs he discovers that indeed they WERE DEAD/ROTTEN. He struggles to crack one open, says "Oh!", and walks away with the dead crabs in the bucket. Thankfully, they were removed from our check WITHOUT hesitation. In turn that leads me to think that they've been down this road before. We won't be back and for as the business owner, take your piss poor attitude somewhere else. Also, Maurice - you're worth more than this place; I hope you seek employment elsewhere.The service was great but I was surprised when I got the bill. The Friday special all you can eat blue crabs were not 17$ as shown in their website. They were 39.99$. I realized I should have checked the price when I got there but this price difference was fairly large.I got the Groupon deal, so we went to dinner earlier today.  The place is pretty small, so if you plan on going on a busy time like Friday evening I would recommend calling ahead to check/make a reservation. By the time we got there it slowed down just a bit. Service was good and fast. 
We got in and were seated and handled the groupon voucher with no issues. We ordered our drinks, and the bang bang shrimp for appetizer. The drinks were STRONG. The bang bang shrimp was lightly and perfectly coated. Whoever said the bang bang shrimp didn't have any bang must have gotten it on an off day because ours had the perfect ratio of heat to sweetness.
For mains the boyfriend took the bottomless crab bucket, and I got the lump crab cakes. We both thought the coleslaw was really good! My crab cakes were soft and delicious and full of huge crab lumps with essentially no fillers. The bottomless crabs were good and fresh too, but I mostly enjoyed watching him struggle cracking the crabs hehe.