Great little place. Loved the Ramen. Pickled cukes were good as well. Small place nice atmosphere.Neighborhood is excellent and worth the trip. Their menu is creative with new items added frequently, but everything we've tried was delicious.
Some customer notes:
Order at the counter and get a placard for a seat. First-come seating, but people move quickly. 
Come early. They may plan to open til midnight, but on the weekends, expect sell-outs. Check Instagram to make sure before heading over. 
No takeout. Ramen is pretty fast to prepare and meant to be eaten quickly. 
The only criticisms I have are minor.  I wish the seasoned egg in the ramen were cut in half to make it easier to eat. The seating could be better optimized to fit more people. The bussing station and wiping towels should not be in full view of the dining room.I had the veggie ramen and I am very picky especially when it comes to ramen.... It was AMAZING! I don't usually eat the egg but the flavor was so good I couldn't help but eat it. The broth was on point, the noodles were on point, the bamboo shoots were on point, and over all one of the top if not THE top ramen spot in Philly! The only thing that I didn't like is that I can't take out or place a pick up order :/Had the gyozo and the tantan ramen today.  Very good renditions of both.  The gyozo were a little different in form than I am used to but they were delicious and perfectly fried.
The tantan ramen is excellent.  Nice spice level, definitely not hot but enough to know it's meant to be spicy. Nice tea egg, good meat and broth. This is as good as my other favorite ramen spots in the city.Friendly staff. Great ambience and atmosphere. The counter service didn't really work effectively with the large amount of people coming into the small space. I'm sure they'll work out these kinks. We went on the grand opening. 
The noodles, pork, and soy egg were great. The broth, for both the shio and iekei, was a letdown. The shio broth tasted like chicken noodle soup. The iekei tasted mostly like garlic, instead of a garlic tonkotsu. I kept wishing for more umami on both accounts. 
If you're in the neighborhood, I'd recommend giving them a try. Maybe my experience was an opening night fluke. I'm going to stick with Terakawa, and try NR again down the road when they've had some time.Place is pretty small. Smaller than Hiro. Everything had chicken broth in it for some reason. I had the Tan Tan extra spicy and gyoza. Plating looked good. Colorful, but lacking in flavor. Also not spicy. Gyoza wasn't bad though. On the sweet side though and they kinda drenched it in whatever it was.the ramen shop we've been waiting for in south philly! we ordered the gyoza to start. they were very tasty, but the star of the show was of course the ramen. we ordered the tan tan and shoyu broths and both were outstanding. the broths were perfectly executed and so complex. we can't wait to go back again! and again. and again.First timer! Staff was great.  Explain menu and fantastic customer experience I had the Tantan. It was just spicy enough. Can't wait to go back.Really enjoyed the brothless Ramen-- it was really tasty and the egg on top was perfect. Having a chilled Ramen was a cool addition although we didn't try it. The Gyoza was also well prepared. 
I hope they continue to be successful so they can grow their menu and maybe add cocktails (currently BYOB).Was really looking forward to this place but unfortunately the ramen didn't really hold up to Terakawa or your average spot in TokyoAwesome spot to add to QV! A little interesting of a process to order/sit as it's a quick spot but once you get the food, it's legit. BYOB is nice too. Go try it and get the gyoza and a large order of the sesame salad on the side!This is a new spot we just came across after eating at the newly opened Cry Baby Pasta a few doors down, so why not one more bowl of pasta.
It's a small menu which maybe will expand eventually since they're in soft open mode right now, but there are 5 bowls to choose from plus a few sides, including gyoza and sesame salad.
We tried the Tonkotsu ($13), which was decent but pretty weakly flavored. It was definitely on the very thin side for a tonkotsu broth.FLAMEEEEESSSSS! It's a little hole in the wall spot that's always packed when I go! Best ramen I've had in the city end a huge potion! 
MUST go!Looks can be deceiving. Very quaint and innocent, but again, looks are deceiving. Ramen is nothing to write home about, not terrible, but do you really need to go again? No, probably not. The main reason for this rating, is because you are not allowed to take home any leftovers. Why, you may ask? Waitress stated, "Your noodles will get soggy". I was completely dumbfounded and taken aback, so much so that upon leaving, I had my jacket on backwards. 1) If that is really the reason, it's none of your business if my noodles get soggy. 2) That can't actually be the reason, let's say its actually because, they want to protect the environment, and save plastic/containers. Okay, in that case, you are still essentially forcing many customers to throw out perfectly good food, contributing to a second major global catastrophe we are facing of WASTING FOOD. 3) You guys wont last more than 1 year. Good luck.Great customer service!! I ordered with the host, seated immediately and greeted by staff. They 
 have a vegetarian option which is great. Also, I think I just heard one of the dopest true 90s hip-hop play list. Keep up the great work. I forgot it a BYOB spot.Did not enjoy this as much as I thought I would. Pork was completely fatty I couldn't eat it. It's  pricey. I won't come back.Yummy. Had the shoyu and house pickles. All components were obviously prepared with love. Broth was clearly made from scratch. Will definitely return.
Don't let the haters from Terakawa dissuade you from visiting.Neighborhood Ramen is a pretty sweet little ramen shop right off south street. After traveling through Japan and suffering major ramen withdrawal on my return I was really drawn to NR after creeping on their instagram and seeing the owner's passion for ramen as she has traveled through Japan herself hopping from ramen spot to ramen spot. She obviously picked up quite a bit as the bowls served at NR are rich and extremely flavorful just as they are there. She really nailed a thick, rich broth with the iekei ramen that you just can't find at philly's traditional (and highly rated) 'japanese' ramen shops like Terrakawa etc. Noodles were great, chashu had a nice sear it looked like on it and tasted great too. Really good stuff that took me back to small ramen counters back east. 
Just hope they put a tonkotsu on the daily menu, its a good standard to judge ramen shops by and seems like shops in the area are intimidated by keeping a classic ramen on the menu. Kinda like not having plain slices at a pizza joint.Great little spot with a tight menu and it meets my criteria of having at least one vegetarian broth on the menu! Super tasty Yasai Ramen with some soul tunes pumping in the background. Right off South Street, so it's a great spot to grab a bowl and do your comic shopping at Atomic City!
Only one bit of feedback-Maybe find a spot for a coat-rack or some hooks? I went in in the winter and the place was packed but there was nowhere to put my coat (since the seats are little boxy stools) Had to put it on the floor along with my bag and hope for the best :(Uh, yum! Have been dying to try this place and finally got my chance late on a Thursday evening. The place wasn't too busy but still had the tables filled which is telling for it being 9:30 on a Thursday. The ambiance is chill, BYOB, and the food is amazing.
I ordered the spicy sesame bowl which was to die for. The ground pork is so flavorful and gets into every bite of noodles. The broth itself was perfect consistency and perfect spice level. Not too thin or thick, and the spice was just enough to spark a sweat but not leave your lips on fire.
Also, the sesame salad was a pleasant surprise. Different than anything I have ever gotten at a ramen spot before. Has a nutty taste that comes from the sesame paste. Would definitely recommend!Moved here from LA. I have been on the hunt for the best Ramen as LA always had it. Neighborhood Ramen, thank you for now being the best. I had the Iekei. 
Great service. 
If they allowed take out, it would be $$$Yum! It's easy to respect such a humble meal when the food is prepared and presented this carefully. Fresh and flavorful, albeit simple and unpretentious.Absolutely delicious! The gyoza was great as well as the ramen. Not really sure why other reviewers are saying there wasn't pork broth in any of the menu options as there were several when we went. It was very busy when we went, but they are open until midnight, so I would maybe recommend going later if that's possible for you.What a great restaurant! The people there explained the menu well, and the food was fantastic. We were given oshinko, which was amazing. I had the "dry" ramen and gyoza. The noodles were fantastically chewy, and the gyoza was perfectly fried. Places on South Street are usually overhyped, but definitely deserves the good reviews and crowds it gets.That marinated egg though ! Went to Neighborhood Ramen yesterday for the first time. The ramen was good, noodles were different then I expected very thin and al dente, but good! The broth I thought could have been slightly more flavorful and was hoping for a little more pork belly. I also wish they had condiments on the table such as chili oil/sesame oil/etc. Neighborhood ramen is definitely worth going to, but still think there is better ramen in Philly.This is probably the best ramen I've had in Philly so far. Although there are a few riffs that might be considered less "authentic", the preparation and essentials like al dente noodles and soft-boiled egg are executed perfectly. The ambiance is sparse (although their playlist choices are great) and we didn't care much for the appetizers. nah, you're here for the ramen (plus, they're BYOB)!
We shared a "lighter" ramen, the shoyu. And a "richer" option, the tantan,  inspired by dan dan noodles. The tantan was my favorite for the richer, flavorful broth that was filling in itself. The shoyu broth was almost a little too light. Plus, the lack of toppings is sparse and may contrast to other ramen establishments. However, this only brings the focus on what I thought were fantastic executions of the basics I look for in good ramen - a soft-boiled egg with a perfect custard-y interior and noodles with the perfect bite and chewiness. 
Every time I've gone, the wait was pretty short. Almost to a fault, the place is very no-frills and sit-down only - no takeout allowed. With food this good, it seems like a concept that could be pulled off in a high foot-traffic area with fast turnover of seats. However the location makes it difficult for me to pass by regularly, and I haven't seen ridiculous rushes yet, although the two times we've been were slightly off-hours. From their interesting semi-secret pop-up origins to entering the saturated ramen-serving restaurant scene in Philly, I hope they succeed since they really stand out.Was really excited to try the new Ramen place in town. We went on Saturday evening and as expected it was really crowded. I really liked the idea of ordering food and paying while you wait for your table. This way you get your food as soon as you sit down.
We ordered Gyoza, Oshinko, Tan Tan Ramen (Extra Spicy) and Shoyu. We only enjoyed the Oshinko. The pork in the Gyoza was uncooked. The ramen was average at best.The ambience here is very hip and punk, from the wall art, the music and the overall vibe of the employees. 
This place is an order at the counter and seat yourself kinda establishment with is great too. 
The area is open with six two seater tables and two that are four, but I'm sure they can push together tables if needed. 
They have a pretty good Instagram page that does updates of hours and specials so I got intrigued. Today the special was a clam miso ramen and although I was skeptical at first, it was really good. The broth was rich, they were generous with the clam and pork, the noodles were firm and chewy, and I was definitely a fan of the marinated egg which had a slight sweetness to the melty yolk. 
Overall this ramen had a lot of body to it and is one of those that warrants drinking every last drop of broth. Extra plus is that for the price I was definitely full. 
Definitely looking forward to trying the other ramen varieties.I wish I lived in this neighborhood so I could have this ramen every day. O m g very legitimate and authentic tastes. It's a pretty small menu with only 5 (sometimes 6 if there's a special?) ramens and some sides. You order at the front when you come in and take a seat. It's almost reminiscent of Japan's style of ordering via vending machine, pay first, then sit, eat, and leave. 
Got the shio and the shoyu ramen and they are very distinctly different even though they both use a chicken broth and that's GOOD unlike other places (cough yamitsuki cough) that taste the same even tho they have different names and toppings. 
So the Shio: you smell the very distinctive dashi smell but the soup tastes like a hearty chicken broth - almost borders a chicken pho for me ALMOST but it's not quite. Very light, good salt taste. 
Shoyu: cashier recommended as the chef's "specialty" and it definitely is GOOD. Unlike the shoyu ramen that many other spots in philly offer (from terakawa to tomo to megumi) it has a very almost pure shoyu soy sauce taste without being overwhelmingly salty by the end of the bowl. FAV SHOYU IN PHILLY SO FAR 
The ramen noodles are top notch - a good chew and not soggy or too soft. I like the thin straight noodle type. The chashu is perfectly charred, lightly salted and basically melts in your mouth perfection. The bamboo shoot and the egg taste like they are made in the same marinade. That egg though. THAT EGG. IS THE MOST FLAVORFUL, PERFECT, SOFT BOILED MARINATED EGG I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE TO EAT. So decadent. So perfect. And you get a whole one!!
Needless to say, this is it y'all. This is it. I'll be back to try more and hopefully a special one day!!!!!!!!!
@neighborhoodramen thank you for blessing this city with your masterpiecesI love ramen and have only found a few places that make an excellent Ramen during my travels. Some of the best for me has been in New York so I was excited when there was a new place saying they make a tradition (slow simmered) ramen broth.
Went tonight with the family. Had 2 different bowls of Ramen and holy crap was it delicious. It hit the spot. The flavor was amazing and everything was done perfectly including portions that were not too big nor too small. 
I would say the quality and taste was on par with the best spots I have enjoyed in New York. 
Welcome to the neighborhood and I hope you like it because I love your ramen.Amazing Ramen and friendly staff! Never had a bad bowl, and portions are huge. Definitely a neighborhood jewel!Food was outstanding, haVw to say though  the ordering process was a bit confusing because the gentleman working was completely helpless. Gave no instruction, didn't offer any sort of direction and was very blah. Then a woman showed up and was so polite and caring. I'd go backIt is a cool neighborhood just off 3rd and south street.I do like the idea of places serving specific food like ramen and few appetizers completely dedicated to ramen . 
I ordered a bowl of vegetarian ramen . It did not take much time 7-9 min which is quite normal. It looked good. The broth is a mushroom broth with a nice Tasty ramen a nice Tamago(egg) on the side no added stuff to make it look fancy . 
Ramen is all about broth and noddle . I was happy with the taste and it felt good after taking a first bite of my ramen it was adente not over cooked but perfect. 
The broth was amazing but only thing I didn't like was the quantity somehow I felt I was still hungry after a bowl of ramen which is very unusual but I felt the portion was small . 
Other than that the place is super cool and Trendy and they are open late and is BYOB .This shit is nasty!! Don't eat here!! Reviews lied to you!! The TAN TAN ramen is too thick and porky. Could barely swallow it!! If you want good ramen I would 100% recommend hajimaru ramen in fishtown. I swear to god man, I hated this ramen!! I barely post reviews. But this is worth a review to save yourself from spending money at this nasty place!!This place is awesome. I've been waiting for a nice local ramen place that isn't too overpriced and is very good. I only like ramen at one place in this city: Nom Nom Ramen close to 18th and Market. It's kind of a hike though, and this place is really good! I got the shoyu ramen, which is a traditional ramen with a miso/soy sauce base with noodles and pork belly. I was really surprised because the place looks very American and didn't think it would taste authentic. I was wrong. The food was really good. The pork belly had a lot of fat on it, and while this may seem bad, authentic Japanese shoyu has probably the same about of fat as the meat it's on. The noodles had a nice texture and overall it was very good. It was a little pricy, but it was worth the money. Today was the grand opening, and it definitely made a good impression.Everything on the menu is amazing!!  Get the ramen but try the oshinko, gyoza and sesame salad!!  The flavor is unreal!!  Can't wait to come back for more!!I had the shoyu ramen. Something was missing. The broth may not have been hot enough to blend the green onions into the soup to give it some flavor or to tenderize the al dente noodle. The dish wasnt as flavorful as I thought. The pork belly was seared. It was bland tasting. The egg was very salty. The soup had a 1/4 inch of oil floating on top. Personally, i like that skimmed off. 
I also had the pork gyoza appetizer. The sauce was way too vinegary, which made  the gyoza very sour tasting. I would rather have the sauce on the side rather than having it poured on top.Some of the best in the city. The broth was amazing   The noodles were delicious and the pork was perfect. Definitely plan on coming back as much as possible.Stopped by here on a weekend after seeing this on yelp and let's say I had an eye opening experience 
Started on with an appetizer. Great gyoza with a sweet and sour taste sauce, slight vinegar with the saltiness coming from the dumpling itself.  
Let the food speak for itself and it did, amazing, comparable to any of the top ramen places I've ate at. 
I'm mostly impressed by the Iekei broth, intensely deep, with a strong fragrance of that garlic and black sesame. Noodles were al dente, just how I like them, good sized portions. The egg was cooked to perfection, yolk inside wasn't runny, but very creamy yolk that won't drip and ruin the broth, great medium. I went on a tangent about an egg, but it was amazing, trust me. Now back to the broth, very rich, as advertised on the menu, it was chicken and pork broth, and I'd never had this mix before. After trying it, I think the umami from this combination is a force to be reckoned with! 
And to cool things off, get a nice cold calpico, it's a carbonated drink that's a little sweet and curbs any sweet cravings. 
I'll definitely be back!Walked in was greeted by a wonderful hostess. A small ramen shop that packs a punch. First time here I asked what the hostess liked the best. She recommended the shio ramen. It was light but full of flavor. Also they had this refreshing Japanese cider that went well with the ramen.Neighborhood Ramen is an adorable hidden gem in Queen's Village.  You order up front when you come in through the door, and on Fridays apparently there are weekly specials.  The ramen menu is pretty simple, but with a decent variety of different broths (and divided up by curly or straight noodles).  I went with the Iekei ramen (pork with garlic soy broth) and it was incredible - super flavorful, with noodles that were done really well.  The egg in it was done *perfectly* and I cannot emphasize that enough - it was soft boiled so that the yolk was gooey and delicious, just as a ramen egg should be.  The pork meat itself was super tender.  I will say though my partner got the spicy ramen bowl, and his one complaint was that the broth wasn't as flavorful as other spicy ramen bowls he's had.
I also got a Calpico (Japanese soda) to drink with it - it was nice they offered Calpico, they were a big part of my childhood.  The ambience is really cute - it's intimate (seating maybe 20 at most) but it feels very spacious.  It's a no-fuss kind of ramen joint and also one of the very few that offers tsukemen, which is really rare to find in Philly (actually don't know if there's another ramen joint that does this).  Tsukemen is a unique ramen experience where you dip the noodles in the soup.  They weren't offering it when I came in, so for that reason alone, you best believe I'll be coming back.  Service was great, and the cashier explained the menu clearly to us when we walked in and he was extremely helpful.  You can also buy your own neighborhood ramen merch in the front (like their ramen bowls with smiley faces at the bottom of the bowl) which is really cute.  Overall loved the experience!My new favorite ramen place. The flavor is sweet and savory without being overpowering. They have a variety of soup bases to select from -- blends of chicken and pork. Depending on which one you select, you also get a different type of ramen noodle. This shows the thought the chef put into making each bowl unique. Must try if you're in queen village.So happy for a ramen in my neighborhood! I enjoyed what I got and thisramen is in my top 5My search for legit ramen in Philadelphia continues. 
Was very excited to try Neighborhood Ramen and managed to make it in during opening weekend. There is a menu along the wall and you order at the counter, seating yourself. The staff was really nice and made some small talk with us.
I had the Shoyo and my husband had the Iekei. The broth in my Shoyo was not as thick and flavorful as I would have liked, and this is going to sound weird, but I am pretty sure I did not have actual ramen noodles in my bowl. It looked like straight egg noodles. My husband on the other hand, said he really enjoyed his Iekei, and his noodles looked perfectly chewy and crinkly (and like actual ramen noodles). We shared a plate of the potstickers/dumplings - they were ok, but I don't think I'd have them again. 
Would like to give Neighborhood another shot and try a different type of ramen. Maybe it was an off night due to the opening.This place is a gem in Queen Village. The dishes are as beautiful as they are delicious. I cannot recommend the Mazesoba enough. The chicken fat and egg yolk make this a rich and flavorful dish and I loved the ground pork and fresh green onion. I will be recommending this place often, and I will be back.Tonight's devours took me to @neighborhoodramen . It's a very small establishment that is only open on Weds-Fri from 5PM to midnight; then on Sat-Sun 11AM to midnight. This place is very hipster with really cool black and white graffiti on the walls. It also has an old-school hip-hop feel , Which made me feel really comfortable. The server John was really helpful and knew that it was my first time there. He took his time to explain the menu and help me narrow down my options. I ordered the "TanTan". By which was wavy noodles in pork and chicken broth, Seasoned ground pork, spicy sesame, dry red spice,and ajitama. It was super good and very flavorful. The spice tends to linger a bit after every bite. The broth was creamy and the noodles were really soft which was all good . If you ever find yourself hanging out on South Street before midnight and would love some affordable Ramen that's very unique and tasteful, go check out @neighborhoodramen , and ask for John, tell him shimmy sent you! #ramen #southstreetphilly #philly #philadelphia #egg #noodles #pork #chicken #food #foodie #foodphotography #foods #foodporn #foodgasmI got the tan tan ramen and dumplings. The ramen had great flavor but other than that, there wasn't much else special about it - pretty average. I did really enjoy the dumplings though. As another reviewer said, this place is good enough.Fantastic food paired with awesome service and a clean setting.
I went a few week ago with my wife and 3 year old son, a typical picky eater. We decided to share two bowls of ramen and then just let my son eat some of each, which he did. We almost had to order more food. However, portions are large and you should expect to walk out full.
A common mistake with ramen is too much or too little sodium to pull out the other tastes. Not so here. The blend of the tastes was superb and left me wanting more despite the ache in my stomach from eating too much.
In short, I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting to experience ramen the way it's supposed to be made.Ramen is good. Vibe is friendly and cool. Great spot if you're in the neighborhood. Seating/service design is clunky. They don't allow leftovers to be taken which is both a waste of food and money.Wow, ok Neighborhood Ramen did not disappoint!! From the moment we walked in the door to when we left we were impressed.  The host was incredibly attentive and genuinely excited to be working there (as were the other employees) and was knowledgeable about the types of ramen offered.  We tried one bowl of Shoyu and Shio along with Gyoza (spicy cucumbers were compliments of the kitchen since it was our first time).  The Shoyu was complex, flavorful, and balanced.  The pork and egg were cooked perfectly. I would love to see a homemade noodle or slightly thicker noodle for ramen personally but these were still great.  The portion size was also perfect.  The cucumbers brought me right back to a recent trip to Japan and paired perfectly with the gyoza-- I loved the gyoza, fresh, lightly fried, with scallions.  My husband is more of a purist and didn't love the scallion topping but didn't hate it either.  I liked that we ordered and then waited in line for a few moments for our table as well-- a more authentic ramen experience.  This place far exceeded our expectations and I'm excited to go back and try their unique specials.  Really really awesome spot-- get yourself there to try it!Tasty but a bit too salty and small-ish portions. I would still go back but will ask for a cup of hot water to add to the broth. Glad they do a nice ramen egg though (although also too salty imo).Fantastic ramen! We eat out almost every night and have high taste standards, and this ramen is really great tasting. Something about we "respectfully decline take out orders" rubs me the wrong way a little, but definitely not enough to stop me from coming back. They take cards (square space). You order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. Water station you can fill yourself (). Great ramen spot, fantastically executed and much needed addition to the neighborhood!Best in the city. At once the most authentic and the most creative, which is the beautiful thing about legit ramen. Recommend the clam miso but the summer dishes are great tooSo happy to see a ramen place near South Street! I love that they're open late, too. It was my first time here, and I ordered the shoyu per the employee's recommendation. Though I typically go for a bit of a thicker pork broth, it's their specialty, so I tried it. My boyfriend got the spicy tantan. Mine was super flavorful, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I was not at all missing my usual pork broth. The tantan had a nice little kick, but the broth was a little bland in comparison. We also got the sesame salad, which was simple, but delicious, and the oshinko. Both were just light little snacks as a contrast to the hot ramen, and I probably would just do one next time because they're so light and $3 apiece. They tasted great, though!
The atmosphere is artsy and hip, and the employees are very helpful. They don't do take out orders at all, but I appreciate that they want you to have a whole experience in the actual restaurant. I definitely will be back, and I want to try the Shio next!One of the best ramen spots I've eaten at in Philly. Super minimal menu but they usually have rotating specials.  I had the abura soba that was on special and it was unlike anything I've ever had before; it was rich but not crazy heavy. Menma (bamboo shoots) never really mattered to me in ramen, but theirs was really, really good and kind of made the dish. The gyoza and oshinko are also solid choices for appetizers.Limited menu choices and protein options are only pork.
As far as the actual Ramen the flavors were a bit too over the top for my liking.Solid ramen. Spicy isn't super hot, so if you're a wimp don't fret. The Japanese cucumber appetizer is bombbbI've been to Neighborhood Ramen several times. Their ramen is very good- by far the best in Philly at the moment- so I was quite disappointed to find a longish hair hovering near the bottom of my bowl of Shio ramen. When I showed it to one of the servers, he said "Thanks, I'll let the kitchen staff know!" and walked away.Got the shoyu. Slightly sweet buttery taste. Not good at all. My wife got the garlic one which had a burnt garlic taste. It wasn't eatable. Definitely regret going.New place for ramen, yay! It's their soft opening and they only had few choices of ramen, sides and I believe it will grow for some more. A friendly place to enjoy rainy weekend night and to fulfill our soup craze.
We tried the TanTan ramen which is spicy but not that spicy for my taste. It was great experience, I'll come back again for sure to try their other menu. Go give this place a try and you won't regret it.The iekie was delicious. Black garlic oil and tasty hot broth was one of the most delicious things ever, and add the perfectly cooked egg, pork belly, and noodles and it's a hit.  Just glad I don't live closer or I'd be fatter and poorer.  Can't wait to try more from the menu!I am always excited when a new ramen place opens up because I find the ramen scene in Philly to be a bit underwhelming. Behold, this one is worse than what already exists! $16 price tag after tip/tax for fast food style (order up front, get your own water and utensils) but not-so-fast lukewarm food. The worst part of it all is I spent all night vomiting after eating my subpar tantan ramen. Although my husband didn't vomit, he definitely felt the sickness, too! This place will never be my neighborhood ramen.Dang...very overpriced ramen for the quality. I got the Tan Tan and the broth was as thick as chili. My gf got the Shio and the broth was very bland and oily. The eggs were also too sweet.Undoubtedly the best Ramen in the city, no question. The staff is friendly, great music and the authenticity of the meal ingredients are top. Been there several times, I'm hooked!!I love this place. Great food great service. They also seem to have a good relationship with other restaurants in the area, which is radVibes: small, fairly quiet, specialized ramen nook with a touch of eccentricity
Tasting notes:
General: really love the jammy, more sweet than salty whole ajitama (soft-boiled egg) that comes with each bowl; pork belly slices have a good meat to fat ratio 
Shoyu: comes with thin straight noodles; broth is very light in flavor, not salt-forward or oily at all
Iekei: fragrant garlic hits the nose as the bowl hits the table; thick, chewy, wavy noodles are perfect for picking up the umami-rich broth; folding the dried nori into the broth was a pleasant addition to the overall flavor of the bowl 
Other thoughts:
-Bowls are on the pricier side, reflective of the added craftsmanship to each type of ramen
-Order up front and then take a seat
-Friendly, fast serviceExcellent ramen, excellent service!
I'm out on a business trip from Northern California and had a place to stay in Queen's Village. When looking at all of the places around I saw Neighborhood Ramen and read a couple reviews, thinking to myself 'it might not be as good as what's at home, but it can't be bad, right?'
Well, I was wrong. This place successfully crafts a bowl of Tantanmen (Spicy Sesame Ramen) that puts it above other efforts from many other joints that I've tried, ranking it high in my list of ramen-ya. The balance is fantastic with the chicken-pork broth's light sourness matching incredibly well with the spicy additions of sesame and ground pork. If there is a criticism I could give the bowl I'd say that I could use a little more sesame and a slightly heavier base, but that's personal preference more than anything.
I also had the Gyoza, which tasted homemade. I think it would've done better if not coated in the sauce but instead with the sauce on the side, but it wasn't overwhelming to the point where I couldn't taste the pork and chive inside. 
Lastly, I seriously loved their take on Oshinko, with the usual radish swapped for seasonally appropriate cucumber. It had a nice spicy oil paired with it that made me come back for more! 
Congrats Philly, you've definitely earned points in my book and I'll gladly swing around next time I'm in town!I am genuine Japanese. And I am Ramen lover. I know what Japanese ramen is and which one is good because I have eaten ramen more than 30 years. 
As far as I know this ramen place is one of the best in east coast. Yes, definitely better than most of Ramen place in NYC. We lived in NYC and we tried most of ramen places there. 
If you don't like any ramen here, probably you don't like Japanese ramen. 
We tried Shoyu and Iekei. OMG, Shoyu here tastes amazing. Feel Dashi. I want to eat this after I drink beer. 
Iekei here is more likely "Tonkotsu Shoyu" style. If you like Terakawa, this one is better taste. Same group. 
We would try Shio and Tantan, next. 
Thank you for coming to Philly. This is great asset for Japanese community.Was torn between 3 and 4 stars but the food is definitely no hire than a 3. Service was fast and the place was very clean but the ramen is nothing special. They do have a vegetarian broth which is a plus but it didn't have much flavor and is a little pricey for fast casual ramen. Not the best noodles I've had ever either..sort of expected more of this place with all the hype. Worth a shot to check out but probably will still go to Chinatown for ramen!The TanTan ramen was the most flavorful ramen I ever had in my life. This is definitely the top spot for philly ramen. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.We went there on a Sunday evening before going to a show at the TLA.   There was a wait for 15-20 minutes.   While the menu was slightly limited, the apps we had and the ramen was very good.  Not the very best, but definitely worth going to again.  You pay before you sit down, which is a little different as you have to tip before you can experience the service.    With that said, service was good.Ok this place is actually RIDICULOUS! I wish it was in NY so badly, but I guess I'll just have to come back to Philly for this restaurant! They have mazemen, which is a little uncommon for ramen places in the States. 
We got the steamed wontons as an appetizer, which came in a delicious sauce. They weren't particularly meaty, but the sauce made up for it. They were an awesome start to the meal!
We got the shio ramen, tantan ramen, and taiwan mazemen. The shio ramen had a nice fatty broth and great char siu. The tantan ramen had a deliciously spicy broth (not overwhelmingly spicy) with a phenomenal sesame flavor. If I had to make one criticism, the noodles could have been a tiny bit chewier in the soup dishes, but of course that's also personal preference! My favorite by far was the taiwan mazesoba, which was just an unbelievable combination of flavors - the chicken, seaweed, katsobushi (bonito fish) powder, and shoyu created a dish with serious depth. This dish can do no wrong in my eyes, I'm still thinking about it today. 
I will be returning the next time I'm in Philly. In fact, I might even make a trip back just for this restaurant.Was drawn here because many claim it to be better than Terekawa. 
We ordered a tantan and a lekei Ramen. They charge extra if you want the tantan made "extra spicy". Despite this my ramen did not taste spicy at all. My girlfriend who is sensitive was able to drink the soup no problem. Overall the meal was good and actually much more filling than the initial impression given by the modest size bowl.
Now is it actually better than terekawa? In my opinion no, but a close second place.I heard good things about this place and was excited to try but this was a huge let down. My husband and I both ordered the iekei ramen and shared an order of gyoza. The gyoza was soaked in overly sweet sauce and the filling was so dry. The ramen broth lacked richness and was oddly very sweet as well. The slices of pork in my husband's ramen bowl was 90% fat and this is not an exaggeration. The ramen was so bad I couldn't finish and ended up walking over to grab a slice of pizza from Lorenzo's after we left.Wow! This is delicious ramen. Seriously. I think it's better than Terakawa, which is the gold standard in Philly. I have been to Japan and it's on the level of some great ramen shops there.I love ramen and I wanted so badly to love this place. 
The brothless ramen falls flat on its face. No flavor. Small portion. Not sure what they were going for here. 
The spicy ramen was not very spicy. The meat in both dishes were limited to clumps of ground beef, all the ground beef was good for was getting soggy. 
If you think ramen at Cheu Noodle Bar is good then you will probably be interested in trying the ramen here. 
I would say the ramen here is a step below  homemade Shin ramen. Not worth the trek and certainly not worth the price. Come for the vibe not the food or you will leave disappointed.So happy for a ramen in my neighborhood! I enjoyed what I got and this ramen is in my top 5I really liked the minimalistic and monochromatic aesthetic in this restaurant. 
I chose the Shoyu Ramen which was really good and the broth was exceptionally flavorful. A bowl of Ramen will run you about $13 or so. There are no options for alcoholic drinks but they serve bottled green tea and such. 
The flow of this restaurant is when you walk in, you order your Ramen of choice with the host and they give you a number to put on your table (each one has a different Japanese baseball team on it).
They also sell T-shirts, hoodies and Ramen bowls with their logo on it.Came here for their soft opening on a Saturday night ! Thankgoodness we came right when they opened, because there was a line forming already ! We ordered the Shoyu ramen and tan Tan ramen first up the Shoyu ramen: The broth was flavorful, the noods were bouncy, chashu ratio from lean to fat was , and that Ajitama was firm on the outside and luscious custard like yolk !!
Deets: chicken broth, dashi, chashu, House shoyu blend, scallion, menma, ajitama
Tan tan ramen : the broth was spicy and flavorful, the noodles were bouncy and of course the ajitama was delicious ! 
Deets: Pork And chicken broth, ginger pork, sesame, red spice, ajitama. 
I can not wait to go back and try out their other ramen! The staff was very friendly and their playlist that night was good too !!Overpriced ramen for what it is and mediocre at best service. Walking in, the menu is displayed on the wall and sticky laminated menus lay on the side.  We ordered the Taiwan and Tantan ramen which looked very similar and had a similar taste as well.  Strong flavors and enjoyed it but for $16, I was expecting more.  We also ordered the gyoza which came out rectangular and crispy. The meat inside seemed to have soured a bit and was not tasty.   Price point to quality did not match.  The interior felt a bit odd and the flow of service also did not match what was expected at this price point.  We ordered at the counter having to pay the gratuity up front. Water for the tables did not arrive til we asked for it and servers never came to check.   Overall, Neighborhood Ramen falls short of many other ramen places in the city, but the brothless ramen was an interesting take to the traditional dish