I got takeout from this place the other day and it left a lot to be desired.  The samosas were fine, but the saag was virtually inedible.  I understand that vegetarian meat is not going to have the exact same consistency as regular meat, but this was not even close.  It was like eating saag with pieces of a sponge.  Plus there were so many onions I could barely bite it without crunching.  Would not go back.Oh man, all you can eat Indian food for $8.95??? Awesome.
So, why only 3 stars? Well, I feel like it's my responsibility as a Yelp reviewer to try to set reasonable expectations for my fellow Yelpers. I think that if you go into this place thinking you're going to get a 3 star all-you-can-eat buffet for $8.95, you won't be disappointed.
To echo what others have said said, the food was tasty, but not mind blowing. Make it one of your regular spots - not where you take your new girlfriend to try to impress her with your foody-ness - and you'll be fine.On a rainy, lazy night, I decided to disregard the low star review because I REALLY wanted Indian and dint want to have to go far to get it. It was a Monday night, and that meant a lot of the places were closed. So I ordered some chicken tikka masala and some naan. 
This place was not good. I basically had 2 chunks of chicken, about a half breast sized each, so to enjoy i first had to cut up the meat. Chicken tikka is supposed to marinate in the yogurt sauce and absorb the flavors for a while before cooking, so the smaller chunks are likely going to be more flavorful, but instead I had to cut up my two half breasts of chicken before I could start eating. Indian food isn't likely going to have the highest quality meat, but this was unusually tough. The flavor of the sauce was okay, not spicy at all when I did request it spicy, and the reviews about the grease were spot on, there was a layer of grease on top of the sauce. 
Next time, I'll just wait till Tuesday.I had 2 samosas take out yesterday & it wasn't cooked properly. Potato inside was only half cooked! Samosa looked very dark and the skin of it was so thick. I mean hey the place is call San-samosa.. Their samosa should be perfect at least.Very average fare. Unless you are right in the neighborhood and desperately in need of Indian food, you can avoid it.First of all: What is this place called? I've seen New Samosa and San Samosa an equal number of times.
Now that that's off my chest, I can get into the curried meat of my review. I've been to this place a couple of times, and have no plans to go back. The worst aspect of this place is the service. I would seriously rather give a generous tip to Satan than give any tip here. My worst experience was when I got charged way more than the menu price for the buffet. I did learn that there's no sense in reasoning with the management here, as they claimed they were allowed to charge the higher price because the menus they set down on my table were "old." I actually found the credit card company MUCH easier to deal with when I disputed the charge. IMAGINE THAT!
I will say that the food didn't taste too poorly. I especially enjoyed the curried chicken and desserts. Unfortunately, no food (no matter how tasty) can eliminate the bad taste left in your mouth when you get ripped off.We ordered delivery from here and 45 minutes later when it came, one item was missing from our order and the other dish was completely wrong. When I called back to let them know of their mistake, I struggled on the phone because the person barely spoke any English. When the correct food finally came, it was bland and flavorless. I will definitely NOT be ordering from here again.I'm all for Indian Buffets and have tried my fair share in Philadelphia. What I cannot stand though is the blatant use of frozen vegetables in what I generally consider the healthiest dishes. Packed with sodium and bland flavor, the food I had at Samosa was sub par. The samosas themselves are probably the best dish because they're not swimming in oil. The salad bar may also be a good option, but this is not what I would consider authentic Indian food nor is it even that tasty.Everytime I eat here I just get the all-you-can-eat buffet.  My absolute favorite is the vegetarian korma.  The sauce is creamy, nutty, and savory.  I love to eat it over the coconut rice.  Of course the samosas are quite delicious.
My experience with the dessert buffet was not so good.  I got some kind of cake, it tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile and gotten a bit stale.  There was also some kind of mango thing that was so bland and uninteresting that I only took a bite of it.It was a warmish Saturday night in January and after spending 5+ minutes  waiting to just put our name down at a nearby Italian restaurant, my famished, vegetarian friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant.  The fact that it was empty was an appeal at that point.  We didn't do the buffet and I had no desire to venture over to the fake meat entrees - we both got a harmless, and tasty vegetable entree.  The Naan was good and the tomato soup I had was tart and had a lot of cilantro - yum!  Since I'm not a huge eater of Indian food I can't speak to its "in the realm of other Indian foodness" - nor can I speak to its comparison to its previous incarnation.  I also honestly don't even remember the music being played - I guess my dinner companion was just more interesting :)  It was all fine by me...Somebody point me in the direction of something spectacular, please! I'm getting tired of writing these "meh/grrr" reviews. And I really wanted to like Samosa. Or New Samosa. Or whatever the heck they're called. I mean, they're a vegetarian Indian place that also does "vegetarian gourmet sandwiches" AND they make Dosas. And being the Dosa Daria that I am I cannot help but make sure I try every place in Philly that makes them. Now that I have visited Samosa I believe I have hit every Dosa-making Indian place within Philadelphia proper (if I haven't somebody please tell me and I will gladly correct the situation)!
Now I must insert a caveat here: I got here about 45 minutes before the place was slated to close. There was another couple there, mid-meal, there was me and a friend of mine, and there was a dude loading up a take-away container at the buffet. No one came over to take our order, so we actually had to go over and ask for what we wanted at the counter (this began the general theme of the staff being preoccupied with closing the place up rather than assuring our dining needs were taken care of). 
My friend got the Paneer and it was just ok. I got a Masala Dosa. I actually got to have an informative conversation with a woman who seemed like the owner or manager of the place about the nature of Dosas and why they could not fold it into a triangle the way I like it. Her explanation made sense theoretically, I just thought it was weird that other place I have been that make Masala Dosas never had an issue folding it into a triangle for me. But maybe there's more to that. Anyhow, I happily accepted the tube version as we all know it's not about the shape, it's about the way you ... uh... the way you...put it in your mouth. Well, mostly. 
I just have to say it was one of the most ...unique Dosas I've had. It was smaller than what I'm used to, and it had a slightly different texture to than what I normally experience with Dosa. The potatoes were differently spiced than I'm used to and were kind of bland. I don't  usually feel bloated halfway through a Dosa but this time I definitely did. I was also disappointed by the lack of spice and the relatively flavorless chutneys and Sambhar (the soup that accompanies Dosa). I think this may have been a case of them doing too much -- I mean North Indian, South Indian, and Gourmet Sandwiches. Please, stop somewhere, and just specialize. You want to be solely vegetarian? Ok, well, South Indian food is traditionally vegetarian, why not just be the only solely South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia and make Dosa and Uttapam that just knock people's socks off? I will personally bring everyone I know to eat there at least once if anyone makes such a place in Philly. Really, I will. I'm almost ready to do it myself...except for lack capital, skill, and the desire to run a restaurant.
So anyway, I will not be returning to Samosa myself, but I wouldn't write it off completely, especially if you're a vegetarian. Their buffet looks like its a good deal, and it looks you can get some of it to go in one of those three-sectioned trash-the-planet Styrofoam containers. Also, their sandwiches are probably worth trying. Definitely a good place to go for take-out as the service leaves something to be desired. It's not exactly a pleasant dining atmosphere either, kind has a run-down feeling to it. Though they do have a couple of tables outside, so it might be a nice place to come sit in the summer time and crack open a bottle of wine. Just make sure you get the buffet so you don't have to deal with the service. 
I'm sure there's a lot of food here that is awesome that I just didn't get to try, so I encourage you to give this place a shot, just be forewarned that the South Indian cuisine isn't up to par, and neither is the decor or service. So get it to go and go eat!Pluses:
WAS all-vegetarian
Buffet
Location
Minuses:
NOW serves chicken, lamb, and seafood
Got rid of vegan ice cream
Quality was always meh...If you are a hungry vegetarian, go here.
With a wide variety of dishes, samosas, killer chutneys, and a carrot dessert that leaves me jumping for joy, Samosa (once called New Samosa, now called San Samosa) is definitely worth checking out.
Some days are better than others.  Yesterday I noticed a sort of homogenization of flavors on my plate which was a little bit on the boring side and disappointing side- but this is not typical of them.  Generally Samosa's dishes don't pack the heat that the dishes do traditionally, but with so many options - a couple are sure to really please.   
My non-vegetarian boyfriend (think meat with a side of more meat) loves this place more than I do.  It got him hooked on Indian food.  It's a good transition for those that have never experienced such food.  It's also mad cheap.  Go for the lunch buffet!I used to go so often.  everything was vegetarian, rather bland... but it was all about face time with Ravi.  New owner no so charismatic.   um, and NOW THEY SERVE MEAT!  WTF.   so yeah, i will pretty much go to any other place in the city instead.  a part of me died as i typed this.Stopped in here on a whim and tried the buffet. I think there were two things I really liked but don't know what they're called. One is yellow and is basically carrots and peas in a semi-spicy sauce and the other was the sweet carrots with almond slivers. Yum! I could've gorged myself on those two things alone. The naan was just okay, the curried goat was riddled with bones. That being said, I still left stuffed. 
The service was pretty good and the overall price was pretty cheap.
Side Note: Personally, I'm partial to The Palace's buffet, which has spicier and more plentiful options and is available from 11 AM - 3 PM. I wouldn't revisit this place knowing that The Palace at the Ben is right down the street (9th and Chestnut) unless they were closed and I was DYING for Indian food. Even then, I bet I could find a decent curry in Chinatown....Main reason not to go-They charged two of us an $8 BYO fee without telling us until the end. We each had one beer. That was bullshit. Then when we went to pay, the lady should have handed me $5 in change but instead she said "so I'll keep this for tip". So rude! We went with a restaurant.com coupon and I am glad we did because the food was lousy. I will never be going back there again and I suggest you don't either. Go to Tiffin at 7th and Girard. They are the best in the city!Closed. Got worse and worse and eventually closed this month. There's a new Mexican place there now; hopefully it's better! :)It was a sad day finding out that the owner of Samosa was sick. I used to go there for lunch 3 times a week. So they closed the doors of the place, and put a sign on the window saying they would return. This sign stayed there for a while. 
Well, almost a year later the NEW Samosa opens. They change the cuisine, and changed the decor. Overall I did not enjoy the food at the new place. The place had a weird funk to the air, and the food was mediocre at best. 
This place won't be seeing me anytime soon.Decent food, bad service.
The people working the counter never want to make any of the speciality drinks and often claim ignorance like all they are there to do is claim money for the buffet (if they are even there). The buffet is decent but you have to put up with horrible service. It's like a dive bar for curry.I'm a bit biased because I always give the benefit of the doubt to the all-vegetarian establishment, but I had a pretty good dinner here. The vegetarian options at a "normal" (i.e., not-all-vegetarian) Indian buffet are often hit-or-miss, so it's nice to have a full veggie buffet. It's not a place to take anyone you want to impress like a date, your parents, or your accountant, but it's nice-enough and cheap-enough, so maybe at least your accountant will appreciate it.The New Samosa is definitely an improvement over the "old" samosa, let me tell you, which closed down a few years ago. The New Samosa is a decent place to grab some decent Indian buffet for lunch--vegetarian and non-vegetarian. For me, it's good grub for a filling lunch hour meal. While dinner is served here as well, it's not the kind of place I would choose to go "out" for Indian food for dinner. They did just recently make some interior improvements that have helped elevate the ambiance a bit.This place is barely OK to go to. I am an Indian and my default food craving setting is set to Indian. Went to this place after a year and it is still as bad. Don't know what the hell do they serve in the name of Indian food. 
The best part is their Samosas are pathetic. You'd expect a good samosa at a place that is called Samosa. But no sir! 
Sadly, there are hardly any good Indian restaurants in Philly and this is one of the crappy one.New Samosa is a very misunderstood and underrated restaurant in Philly.  It deserved much better than the ratings it's getting.
We don't get to the Philly area much, but we were lucky to go to New Samosa when it was all vegetarian.  Alas.. to compete, now it serves meat too..  oh well.  The last of the 'all vegetarian' Indian restauarnt is now.. not that..
This place is like an enigma.  Everything is low-priced, fresh and delicious.  The lowest price buffet of Indian food.  While it can't replace our fave Palace of Asia for the most fantastic taste-- it is what it is:  inexpensive, tasty healthy and fresh Indian food at amazing prices!   And yet, lo and behold, because it's simple and low-priced, most people do not get it.
New Samosa actually serves the type of Indian food which Indians actually serve at their home for daily meals:  lower spice; high freshness (contrary to the myth, no... most Indians do not overspice and overgrease their homemade daily meals the way Indian restaurants do).    For those, who think Indian must mean 10 pounds of tandoor spice, this place may be too healthy for you.  For for those who want fresh, healthy and simple Indian items, this is it:  FRESH AUTHENTIC HOMEMADE SIMPLE INDIAN FOODThis place is good.  Not mind-blowing, not even excellent, but it's an all-you-can-eat Indian buffet with a low price.  I've had better Indian food, I've had much, much worse.
I do really like that they have ice cream, as well as a buffet.  Today I sat outside with a friend, ate my fill, chatted for an hour, and went back in for dessert.  It's worth noting that I've also had better ice cream, but this was just...so...there!The lunch buffets just aren't as good as they were when I first tried them.  Great deal for the price though, definitely try it out if you get the chance, though your naan may get a bit smushed in that container they give you.
Have yet to actually dine-in here.Blehhhhhhh!! This was the biggest disappointment. I went here for dinner one night because I was desperate for indian food in center city. We got the dinner buffet, which was first of all far too overpriced to begin with. But the food, no matte what the price, THE FOOD WAS JUST PLAIN BAD. It wasn't flavorful and everything tasted exactly the same. I was expecting chicken tikka masala and I ended up eating chicken in a red, slightly spiced goo. It's like they decided to open an indian restaurant, and never learned how to cook.This place is underrated. I am not a huge fan. The food here is as good or bad as any other Indian restaurant in the city and they have three desserts in the buffet which is great. Also one thing I noticed that was better than other restaurants was that they serve real basmati rice and better gulab jamuns than any other place. Their food doesn't make your stomach a run as the spices are not too much.
UPDATE -  I think they have become crappier now. How can one make DAL that does not taste good! Come here to find out....Not impressed. The veggies were clearly canned and tasted like mush. 
Will not go back!I used to go to Samosa all the time years ago and now that I'm working downtown again, I expect to get there more often. I went a few months ago when they had more Caribbean offerings mixed in with the Indian offerings and thought it was pretty good then. I was there yesterday and now it's back to being all Indian and now they have a little gelato bar too (which I didn't try...darn them for making their buffet so good that I had no room for gelato ;).)
The food yesterday was good as usual. There was a good spicy eggplant dish that I kept going back for more of and the desserts were good too (though it would have been nice to have gulab jamin there instead of only in the gelato bar).I was apprehensive about ordering from here given the reviews, but I was craving Indian food and didn't want to leave the house or pay $16 per entree. For around $35 we received good sized portions of meat samosas, chana masala, butter chicken, naan, and masala tea. Apart from the tea (which almost tasted like coffee), I was pretty happy with most everything. The garlic naan was okay but too doughy for my tastes. I also tried the peshwari naan because it sounded interesting, but the cherries seemed to be maraschinos and I couldn't taste the coconut at all. I think we ended up throwing half of it out.
Not sure if I'd dine in, but I'll probably order from here again. I figure as long as I stick with the basics I won't be disappointed.My brother and I ordered vegetarian lamb curry, vegetarian tikka masala, veggie pakora, samosas. ($36) The "pakora" were soggy pieces of greasy cauliflower. Inedible. The samosas were burnt and lacked flavor. We moved on to the curry, to discover after consuming a piece that we were given real lamb! I repeated several times on the phone that we wanted the soy lamb, and even referenced menu numbers. The woman who took our order even called back to confirm what I had said. I returned for a refund, and was treated rudely by the unapologetic man at the counter. His only statement after I commented on his rudeness was that he didn't take the order. San Samosa's food is bland and greasy, and the customer service abominable. Plenty of better options for indian in center city, NOT RECOMMENDED!!!Always enjoy Indian Buffets. Every time I pass this restaurant, it is never busy. The servers were friendly.The lunch special is really good if you are in a hurry. The buffet is nice, with a decent selection. The music isn't bad either.Bllllllllllaaaaaaaannnnnndd.  
In a word, this describes their lunch buffet food.  Indian food?  Bland?  With a genre of food that utilizes curry, how could it be bland?  Some how, they do it.  Limited selection due to the vegetarian aspect and you have some surprisingly, yes, bland food.  
On top of it, the service was a little preoccupied with something else besides ringing me up at the register.  Booo!if you liked the "old" samosa, just avoid this place at all costs. myself? i had loved the cheap buffet, great food, snazzy vibe of the old joint. so i was doubly sad when i went to the "new" version.
the way it is now? oh, man...rock hard naan, greasy & soggy samosas, and pasta?? what the fuck? pasta? yuck. i'd rather just cook at home, thanks.The "NEW" samosa recently opened and you'll know it by the flags they've been flying across the sidewalk on Walnut and the flourescent signs that advertise ridiculously cheap lunch and dinner buffets.
The food is all veggie and on the higher end of decent.  You don't even notice you're missing meat b/c you're too busy listening to the hip hop and pop Indian music they play.There was nothing bad about the food at Samosa's, but there was nothing that good about it either.  It's typical Indian buffet fare, nothing that will knock your socks off.  The restaurant was uncomfortably hot though, and due to the selection of items in the buffet, the price should have been knocked down a few bucks to $7.99.  All in all, it was decent but unremarkable and probably not something I'm going to crave and want to come back for.I usually get the lunch buffet here to go during my break from work, since  it is much quicker to be in and out of here than other popular spots that serve lunch on Walnut. 
I enjoy the food, but it is upsetting that the lunch buffet that was once $5 is now $8. I know that they serve meat now, and didn't previously, but I assume that many of their customers are vegetarian still, and are not getting any sort of bonus with the extra three dollars they are paying.
I also don't think that adding meat and adding ice cream to their menu got them a larger customer base, since it is usually pretty empty in there.Like the 4 stars proclaim... 'Yay! I'm a fan.' I work relatively close (5 blocks or so) and come here for lunch on occasion. The food is decent, not spectacular... but better than many of the reviews also. I used to come with vegetarian peeps from time to time and was a fan of it then.
But... now they serve meat... so I am much more partial to it now. West Indian food is pretty much a staple in my diet, so when I strolled into Samosa I was very pleased to see curry goat on the buffet. At $7.99 for the lunch buffet it's a good deal. At $7.99 for all-you-can-eat curry goat... it's a great deal. They had curry chicken as well today... pretty solid. The tandori chicken is somewhat dry, but again... it's all about the curry goat for me... I'd give it 5 stars if I were only voting on that.
I have never had a problem with the service here... never bad, never exceptional.
Oh, and one more thing... the somosa's were outstanding today as well.
Overall solid food at a decent bang for your buck. But... if your jonesin' some curry goat... skip a platter at your West Indian spot and eat as much as you can here.I recently ate here for lunch with 2 friends one Saturday afternoon. For $6.99 for the buffet- I was super happy. They had all of the traditional Indian foods you'd see at any other Indian buffet and they also include a nice salad bar, iced tea, and selection of desserts. However, if you're vegetarian... be warned! They just made it a meat-friendly place. All-in-all I was very satisfied and I will be back there next time I'm in the area.Being Indian I usually don't like to talk bad about Indian places but if you have the word samosa in your name, shouldn't you have some good samosas?!?! I got fooled. Sigh.
Naan was a little dry but saag paneer took care of that. I felt there wasn't enough paneer, but then again I'm a paneer-holic. 
There are better Indian options in the area but for a quick bite without going across town, drop by this place. Just don't go in expecting alot.Good cheap center city Indian eats. The buffet was extensive, wellstocked and seemed fresh. The owner is this cute little Guyanese-Indian lady who is super nice. A great way to get your Indian food fix. Not a super fancy place, ambiance is pretty minimalist.Hello everyone, I am a physician visiting San Samosa Restaurant for the 1st time and would like to extend my gratitude for the delicious dinner I had yesterday and today. I am in the Philadelphia region for a  Diabetic conference and was pretty skeptical about trying out Indian food ( I love the food my wife prepares back home) however a fellow colleague heard of this restaurant and we decided to give it a try. I must say it was so amazing and with a great low price that we returned for a second night tonight!
 I had the dinner buffet the 1st night which allowed me to indulge in various traditional Indian dishes including my all time favorite Saag Paneer. Tonight I decided to try a masala dosa from the menu and that too was savory and crisp, cooked to perfection and must I add it was so big it extended beyond the large platter it was served on. I'm here for several days more and am eager to spread the word so others can experience such tasty home-style Indian food. My wife will definitely be happy to know I'll be fed so well while here on my trip!I was very worried after reading the reviews, I was a bit leery coming here. The sign outside says the place is San Samosa.
The buffet is a bit run down (you know how food gets a skin on top from drying out). Some of the descriptions were a bit sketchy too. But like any buffet, I pulled up a chair and sampled just about everything. They don't use a lot of care in preparation, as I got a few bites of cartilage in the Tikka Masala. The veggie dishes were a bit dried out.
The food was edible, even the Tikka tasted good. If I lived in the neighborhood, I probably wouldn't be a regular here.Called at 9:33 for a restuarant that closes at 10. The, what sounded like the owner, mumbled an incoherent response why they were closing early. I asked for a clarification and he hung up. That service is lifespan-reducingly terrible..I used to love Samosa when I lived in Center City.  The owner was so nice and friendly and would sometimes sit down to chat with you.  I was sad to hear that he was having health problems and that they had to close their doors.  
When they re-opened I was anxious to come back, but alas, it was a dissappointment.  The food was at best "mediocre".   The prices have gone up (except take-out is super cheap) and the quality has gone down.  Not sure if I'll be back.A coworker just came back to work from Samosa to tell me the same woman tried to rip her off AGAIN.  Ridiculous.i actually really enjoyed the lunch time all you can eat buffet...three times.  some items are definite misses, but i always find a couple hits (last time i enjoyed the korma and saag paneer). these two definitely were not bland! lots of variety, and you gotta love the all you can eat fried goodies. granted sometimes the food is luke-warm, but considering the price (6 bucks) i don't mind. 
btw the only other indian food i've eaten in philly is tiffin and i was definitely not a fan...Pretty tasty and a good deal.   
Samosa has the usual vegetarian dishes, plus a few you don't see too often.  They aren't overly fancy dishes, it's just honest, good Indian food.
And as you'd expect, the samosas are very addictive and worth a visit all on their own.Friends don't let friends eat at Samosa. 
Our service was pretty bad.  The food was worse.  
Long gone were the faux meat items that drew me here in the first place.  The tandoori chicken was fried and sitting in heavy grease, the bathrooms looked like a set from requiem for a dream and the manager overcharged us for drinks that never made it to our table.
Do your gastrointestinal tract a favor and satisfy your Indian buffet craving elsewhere.I came here for a quick lunch and was sorely disappointed. I have cooked better chicken curry. It was underspiced and when that is just wrong especially when you are talking about Indian food. I also wish there was more variety. Maybe there's more during dinner time.I love meat, and I make fun of my vegetarian friends...but damn, this place is good! They were smart in not telling me that it was vegetarian until I was in line getting the food.
I'll definitely come back again.Like everyone else, I was skeptical of eating here, even after I scored a $25 restaurant.com gift card.  Last night, a bunch of us were hungry, and our go-to Minar Palace was closing, so we popped into San Samosa (as their signage still says).
After we sat, the lone server asked if we wanted the buffet or menus.  I asked how much the buffet was, and she said "hold on, let me ask," and disappeared.  Weird.  At $10.95, why not - so we stuffed our bellies with plates of mediocre, flavorless, spice-free food... and I'm no spice nut!
We had to spend $35, so we ended up getting ginger beers, "made with fresh ginger," as their menu proclaims.  Do yourself a favor, and do not get this ginger beer.  Someone thought it tasted like Windex, others thought it was just too sugary, or fake.
Oh!  The best part was the server left, so we had to pay some guy working there.  He refused to take our phone copy of the gift card, even though it clearly says "show this to your server!" saying he needed a print out for their "records" (they ended up taking it after we duked it out).
Does it bother anyone else when restaurants haven't hit their closing time yet, but start cleaning up the place to shoo you out?  We were still "enjoying" our ginger beers, when they started turning all the chairs upside down on the tables... also, I feel like this is unsanitary and gross.
Thanks but no thanks!Got the craving for some curry and saag paneer at lunch so I wandered on up to Samosa for some quick to-go grub.  Walking into the small, plain restaurant, you can clock it for what it is; cheap bland Indian.  My brain told me to leave but unfortunately my hunger compelled me to stay.  Yes it's cheap but I can't really call it a bargain as you're getting what you pay for, certainly not bang for your buck.  Here, little money gets you: little flavor, limited buffet selections, and samosas with an ever-hardening outer layer generated by hours under the heat lamp.  Good Indian food possesses a powerful profile of flavors, and sometimes some nice heat; none of that here.
Staff, when rarely around, not really helpful or pleasant; one guy in line at the buffet asked for a new set of tongs as he had fumbled them and caught them with his hand (on the part that grabs the food).  The waiter decided not to fetch a fresh pair and that was my cue to leave.  Unfortunately, not too many great Indian spots in the area and Samosa brings up the bottom of the list.  Hell; they're name is Samosa and their samosas were damn weak.  I've had better from the freezer.A cheap Indian restaurant with horrible food. Honestly, i am surprised about the crowd which like their food. They keep their price low, possibly because they serve the leftovers from previous day. And they are dumb enough not to heat it before serving. A restaurant spoiling the credibility of Indian cuisine.
Much more disappointment is their concept to charge you more as service, which infact is nil. Samosa was a biggest mistake.
The only positive of the restaurant is its location. Wish there was a good food at this amazing location.
I would strongly recommend to avoid this restaurant.BEWARE!!! The woman who works the cash register WILL rip you off!  She's tried doing it to me, and I've seen her do it to multiple people. (Specifically, she will charge you the take in price for the buffet when you're doing take out, which is $3 less)  CHECK the prices before you pay!
However, I'm actually surprised to see all the bad reviews about the food - I actually think the food is pretty great (hence the 3 stars).  Maybe because I come here for lunch, before its been sitting out all day...This place is really bad. 
The lunch price and student discount make it fair. The service is also really friendly and makes you root for it, but come on, the food is awful!
I was happy they had all the Gulab Jamun in the world, but everything else was really ill conceived. The naan was basically white bread shaped like naan as if it were play-doh. Awful. 
The rice was super under cooked and sharp. 
The tikka masala and other dishes were meh, but just really would avoid this place unless I were really craving Indian and poor.
GO TO NEW DELHI in UCITY! Amazing buffet for the same price.A vegetarian Indian buffet? I thought I'd be in heaven. I got a little above purgatory, but nowhere near the pearly gates.
There were surely a lot of options. But the food, overall, was just so-so. A lot of it was on the not-so-warm-anymore side. Which was disappointing. Everything was just kind of, eh. The curry dishes had no unique punch to them.
My favorite dish was the soy-chicken tiki masala. The sauce was tasty.
The iced tea also had some good spices in it and was yum.
Everything else. I've had better. But they get 3 stars because there was just sooo much veg food. And it was one of the only restaurants we could find in the area that was still open at 9pm on a Friday night.
If I lived in the area, I might return. But I'd probably check out other Indian options first to compare local choices before coming back.
FYI: They also have a lot of random other veg foods, and such, like veg cheese "steak" and veggie burgers. Didn't try those. Plus, they have ice cream and milkshakes.I am from India and have been in USA for almost 20 years. I mostly travel for my job and first thing I look is for Indian resturant in the city where ever I visit. This is by far the WORST ever food I have tasted.
Its a insult to Indian buffet. The buffet does not even come close to say "OK".
The only one star is for the hottie who sits at the cash counter. I dont really think the owners really bother if the customers are happy or not. they are least concerned.
The appetizers have no taste, the veges like cucumbers, carrots are stale and stink. The rest of the food on the buffet is either over cooked or repeated cooked(from lunch to buffet and again from buffet to lunch)
The desserts are cold cold cold. no taste at all.
Lastly, the cutlery is so pathetic, you cannot differentiate between clean and unclean ones. If you still dare to go there, I will suggest pick the plastic ones :-)We tried the buffet, which had plenty of the standards you'd expect at an Indiant buffet. The chicken curry had decent curry flavor and tender chunks of meat. The tandoor chicken also had a fair amount of seasoning but was a bit dry.
Watch out for bay leaves, bark, cardamom berries and other flavor adders in the heat trays that you might not want to ingest. Despite this, the food as a whole seamed to lack that "pop" that I look for in good Indian food. The spice could definitely stand to be kicked up a notch.
I'd consider ice cream for desert if they offered more exotic varieties (like cardamom), but no such luck. Overall a fulfilling meal at a good price, but there definitely are better options available.How can a place called "Samosa" not have authentic samosas?  I walked in thinking I'd have the lunch buffet, but after looking over their selection (pretty standard fare-- good amount of meat and vegetable options), I thought maybe next time (the food wasn't extra appealing to me and my friend did not want to eat Indian, but I needed a "hit" lol).  So, I ended up ordering vegetable samosas.  Needless to say, I was kind of disappointed.  They didn't make their own dough for the samosas, instead of the thick, hand-made type, they used that thin, phyllo pastry kind of dough (makes for a very crunchy and crumbly shell) and the inside tasted like curried mashed potatoes-- very creamy... ew and weird.  However, the flavor was good.
Ultimately I was disappointed with my samosa experience, but their buffet looked like they had a lot of options, so I think this place is just, OK.I went here for an early dinner- about 4:30- with a google offer that basically just saved me $4.  Figured it was worth it to try out an Indian place near work that I'd never been to.  I was the only one in the place, aside from who I can only assume was the manager? owner?  Even the waiter arrived after I had started eating.  They allowed me to eat buffet despite the fact the offer specifically said the buffet was not included.  I guess without a waiter on hand, it was easier for the manager guy to just let me at it, much to my delight.  
I enjoyed everything I tasted!  I'm a big spice fan and everything was a little tame for my tastes, though not lacking in flavor.  The veg samosas were especially delicious in my opinion.  Nothing was dried out or cold, though the naan may have been sitting out just a little longer than it should have.  The buffet is set up dessert first, which is odd in my opinion, but the puddings (rice and mango) were excellent.  
As others have said, this is not a place to go for stellar customer service.  While I was happy to get more than I expected based on my google offer, I think it was out of lack of effort rather than special treatment.  They didn't even ask if I wanted anything to drink besides the pitcher of water they left on my table.   But for a quick Indian fix on a low budget, this is definitely a worthwhile place in my opinion.Have I had better Indian food? Most certainly. Have I had better Indian buffet? Oh yes sirree. But New Samosa does work in a pitch.
On July 4th, me and my friend wanted to go out for lunch and a lot of restaurants closed for the day. As we were walking down Walnut Street for IHOP, we walked by New Samosa, saw the price and decided to eat there instead. It was a tad late but we waltz in and decided that there's enough food before sitting down to eat. Sorry, I can't help my Asian tendencies when I'm around buffets. 
There seems to be only one waiter for the whole hall and we decided not to wait for him and decided on an empty table and headed for the buffet. Their samosa was crisp and plump, filled with curried potatoes and peas. The chicken tandoori is also yummy as can be, it's smoky, savory with a nice tang. The goat beriyani also tasted very good, though when we get there all we got was sauce and bones. Other than that everything else did not stand out. There's vegetable korma, saag paneer, chicken tikka masala and all but they were ok. 
Service was non-existent, but it was $7.95 for lunch buffet. Not other restaurants in the neighborhood could match that price with the same gut-busting feel and truly good Indian food are at least 15 blocks away.I've been here after the reopening, and I thought the food was pretty good. It's your typical Indian buffet, but everything overall was tasty.
The decor is kind of bland, and they place this really weird popish-Indian music the whole time.
Service is kind of lacking, our watier seemed indifferent to us.Had the dinner buffet.
Had a bowel malfunction an hour later.
Goat curry was full of bone chips.everything tastes like garlic here, even their ripoff "sanstone" ice cream. plus, this restaurant has gone through too many iterations: vegetarian, then they were serving "italian" for a while, now they serve lamb and other meats too. pick a specialty and stick with it! and lay off the freaking garlic!Food is pretty meh. The pakoras were actually pretty fantastic though. Kind of dingy on the inside. The positive thing is that it's pretty cheap.I agree with many other reviewers that the food isn't as fresh-tasting as it could be. In all fairness, I showed up at 4pm on a Tuesday, so perhaps it's fresher earlier in the day.
It's not the best Indian food I've had. Nevertheless, the buffet selection is decent and most items are vegetarian (everything is clearly labeled). The staff is also friendly and courteous.I don't know who wrote that this place opens at 9 AM, but I've definitely never seen it open before 12.every vegetarian should be RUNNING to this restaurant for their vegetarian meat.  seriously, I'm shocked that so many people are afraid of veggie meats....hello!...it's the real meat that you should be afraid of!  aside from my overt personal beliefs, this restaurant is truly a mecca for vegetarians.  overall, the buffet sometimes disappoints me and sometimes impresses me, i find that it's very hit or miss.
although it's not as cheap (yet still reasonable), ordering off of the menu is the way to go!   veggie dishes, "meat" dishes, and desserts are fantastic! 
my favorites: lamb masala and a mango lassi!okay...... i was just there for the first time at the "new samosa" if you like the old samosa this will only be a dissapointment. Indian cooking is supposed to be very rich in flavor, well here its not some how. Most of the foods I ate were spicy but thats all you could taste was hotness no other flavors the hottness overpowered the flavors of the food. My favorite indian dessert is Gulab Jaman it should be soft and fluffy in a lite syrup, but these were rock hard in a thick disgusting syrup. that was a dissapointment. But im not saying all the food there was bad it was just boring with no flavor ive had better indian food.I used to love New Samosa, until it broke my heart. Last year, I had a habit of popping by for lunch once a week. It provided a whole buffet and menu full of options, which as a vegetarian, came as a rare treat. Also, the salad bar was always fresh.  In recent months I'd found myself too busy to keep up with my New Samosa weekly ritual. When I found myself in the neighborhood yesterday, I had to stop by. What a shocker! They now serve meat and half of the buffet items I had previously enjoyed had been nixed in favor of meat dishes - which were NOT clearly labeled. There was not even any veggie pakora. The lettuce on the salad bar was starting to wilt and brown and the tomatoes were also beginning to go bad. The raita didn't look too hot either. To top it all off, they raised the price of the lunch buffet by $1. I don't know if they are under new management, but this wasn't the same restaurant I made my weekly lunch spot last year. Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back. I need to find a new Indian spot with decent veg options and a fresh salad bar.vegetarians be warned - samosa is no longer all veg!
i was in here in the fall and found the food to be OK. it wasn't knocking my socks off the way indian cuisine typically does, but i enjoyed having the faux meat dishes which i've yet to experience elsewhere. while options always abound for me at indian restaurants, i could literally eat every item on this buffet, plus, it included my much sought after protein! 
as much as that excited me, i was bored by the lack of intense spice and flavor. combine that with the terrible service - it was not crowded, yet it took FOREVER for our server to open our bottle of white and bring us some glasses & a bucket, as well as to bring us our check when we had finished our meal - and i wasn't exactly raring to go back. 
now i have even less reason: samosa serves real meat!
my boyfriend dined there yesterday and was informed that they started offering meat 3 days ago. perhaps because former neighbor passage to india recently closed shop? who knows. either way...he said there was no faux meat on the buffet, and the real meat was marked with a tiny hand scribbled sign. not sure if that will change day to day or if it is still available when you order a la carte or what. not sure i feel like going back to find out.