Very good vegetarian food, but their menu doesn't exactly match the one shown on google and yelpWhy are you reading this? Run to Harmony now!
I grew up eating here and LOVE it. I heard they changed managers or ownership or something and I haven't been since. But if the menu is anything like it was about 4 years ago...its delicious. The sesame chicken or general tso are my favorite! Seriously, I'll probably dream about this food tonight. 
If you are vegetarian, bring your meat eating friends here and they won't believe their taste buds.I love this restaurant so much, though I like cooking whenever i am not having my own food the next best deal for me is NEW HARMONY. this stands out to me to be the best in philly. i tell everyone i know about this restaurant even non vegans love it.Absolutely wonderful, this is my go-to comfort food place. Sesame beef and walnut jumbo shrimp are my favorite, but I love so much of their menu (wonton soup - also incredible!) 
I also just love the feel of the restaurant, it feels cozy, it's never too loud, and the owners are nice. It's almost never crowded, but I wish it was, because I love it and I want them to always have tons of business.So my first impression was, "Oh, I should leave..." But I mustered my courage and went in. It doesn't look very...uh....clean... from the outside or the inside...
But, I was starving and really hoping for the best... So they sat me kinda off to the  side. Not really a problem....I suppose. So I ordered:
Turnip Cakes. They were pretty good. I kinda craved them since I haven't been to my beloved dim sum since I became veggie. They were crispy. Not much else happening tho. They gave me the sauce that usually comes with Peking duck (the name escapes me). That was different and they kinda needed it.
Spinach dumplings and dragon dumplings. were a disappointment because they are essentially the same thing, just different colors. Like your typically veg. gyoza filling. Not bad not good.
Taro Cakes. They were strange...just strange. Crispy crust but nothing else going on. I could taste taro....maybe?
Imitation shrimp with walnuts. Actually pretty tasty. I could be fooled. BUT, they served the shrimp with the vegan set sauce on top of broccoli with soy sauce on it. Just odd. Served with brown rice. 
Vegan Char Siu Bao. Nope. Doughy AF. No
 flavor. Maybe microwaved with a damp paper towel?
So I guess the message here is, this is one of those places where the fake meats are the way to go. 
Not terrible but just not super special other than being a vegan Chinese restaurant.I once found a place like this in Atlanta and I never thought I would find one again. What a gem!
I placed an order of sweet and sour chicken and pork buns for pickup. 
What was awesome:
1. They packaged my fried chik'n bits separate from the sauce (good thing too because it took me a good forty minutes to get home). 
2. They gave me brown rice.
3. They included delicious egg drop soup for free. 
4. EVERYTHING WAS VEGAN AND DELICIOUS!! I have to admit though, the pork rolls were a bit doughy, but yummy at the same time. 
This meal cost me $10 and I couldn't even finish half. I probably would have gotten three meals out of this (I had to leave for my flight though so my friends will enjoy the rest instead). 
I'm giving a four because I've only been there once and I can't speak for all the dishes as I had a very typical and probably easy to make meal. Still, delicious! Vegans, vegetarians, and meat-eaters will love the food!This place is amazeballs.  I really, really wish we had a comparable place in Raleigh / Durham / Chapel Hill, NC.  The service is just fantastic as well: courteous, gracious, and welcoming.  No weirdness even though I, on a business trip, was dining alone; you know how sometimes you can tell your server is irritated to be waiting on a one top, which is why I usually eat at the bar when I'm traveling for work, but I didn't have to worry about that at all here.
The menu is so massive, I found it challenging to choose!  The won ton soup was off-the-charts good!  For my entree, I went with the General Tso's "chicken," which probably wasn't what I should have ordered; I found it too salty for my taste, and I prefer dishes with tons of veggies (so my ill choice was my own fault). This dish was not bad, certainly, but not something I'd slap my mother about.  The imitation chicken is substantial and filling, if not a bit on the squeaky side, as far as consistency goes, and perhaps a tad dry.  The dish was served, however, with tons of brilliant green steamed broccoli, which was just heavenly.
Next time I'm in Philly, I will visit New Harmony again, for sure!  I definitely want to try the lunch buffet (which had just closed down when I stopped by at an odd time) and this amazing karaoke everyone keeps talking about.I first tried New Harmony last November on a weekend trip to Philly. I ordered a couple dim sum apptizers, the wonton soup and also a mock chicken dish.  All were tasty and I was particularly impressed with the variety on the menu.  As a vegan, it seems that its not that hard to find vegan options at many Chinese restaurants-- there are usually at least a few vegetable dishes and mock meat dishes to chose from at the restaurants i have been to.  But never have I seen an entire vegan menu-- complete with appetizers, entrees, dim sum, and even dessert!  I wanted to try so much but of course neither my wallet nor my belly would let me, so I knew I would have to come back in the future. 
So, this past Sunday when I found myself in Philadelphia once again, I stopped by New Harmony and ordered several dishes as carry out to take home with me.  
I ordered wonton soup, spare ribs, chicken satay, fried shrimp balls, steamed dumplings, pork buns, basically all sorts of appetizers I normally don't find vegan versions of!  And once again I was not let down.  Even my carnivious boyfriend was impressed with the vegan chicken! I also ordered the Singapore Noodles, and was delighted with them! The prices are good, the service is great and I can definitely see why this place is so popular. 
I can't wait to go back to Philly again soon, I know for sure New Harmony will be on our list of go-to spots for Vegan food when in the city of Brotherly Love!I'm just in town for work, but someone recommended this on Facebook. I'm so glad they did! I am gluten free and vegan and was craving good Chinese food. I had the sesame chicken which was tofu done with rice flour, and also had the potato pancakes. Absolutely delicious! The owners son waited on me, and he was awesome! So helpful, and so friendly. I can't wait to come back!Still coming back a decade later, so something must be good! A favorite dish is the one that resembles beef with broccoli--lots of broccoli with a wheat gluten-looking "meat" that was really good. 
If you don't eat shrimp but wish you could, their imitation shrimp is eerily like the real thing in look and texture. 
I loved the green beans, too. 
I'd recommend this to folks skeptical about vegetarian cuisine. It should win them over.NOT DIM SUM! This is a small, mediocre vegetarian buffet at best. Overpriced for what it offers, about 12 items like fried dough and lo mein. Is this really 4 star quality food in Philly!?!?Best vegan Chinese food in the city! The owner is super-friendly and very accommodating. I haven't had anything from here I didn't love. The beef and tofu hot pot is my favorite. The chicken wing appetizer is awesome! Oh, don't forget deep-friend cheesecake for dessert! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! They'll also deliver all the way to South Philly!Looking for delicious vegan Chinese food in Center City? New Harmony has served a vital role in the community as one of the first all-vegan restaurants in Philadelphia. Always excellent food and service. And so many choices! General Tso's Chicken is a favorite.I went here this weekend for the first time with friends.  My friend is vegan and was excited for us to come while I was sceptical....OMG  the food was de-licious!! I'm going to bring my mom and sister soon. Only thing is the place is kind of small but the food made up for itI've been eating between Kingdom and New Harmony since 1997. Ming and his family are amazing folks. I unfortunately only come here once a year when visiting but they greet me like an old friend. 
As always the food was great on this visit. Wonton Soup, Beef Bun, Don's Delight and some Ice Cream!!!
Remember to support vegan family run businesses every chance that you get.really really love this place, the greatest veggie Chinese place ever, by far. so many vegan options, amazing crispy tofu, green beans, spring rolls and banana dessert. on a more quiet street of china town. servers are nice. my favorite spot hands down.It's about time I reviewed this place. I've been here many times, and it all started during my years attending University of the Arts back in 2003. I have never been a vegan, but had a couple of vegan friends who introduced me to the glory of this place. The food is delicious and very affordable. I've tried the all-you-can-eat dim sum, which is a great value, serving copious amounts of food in a constant flow. I've recently tried there Sunday night buffet which is also a great value. I believe this place is BYOB, which only adds to its credibility. The decor is nothing to write home about, but it's generally pretty peaceful inside. Some of my favorites are the scallion pancakes, general tso's, orange chicken, and the all-you-can-eat dim sum. The only caveat is that the food is very greasy, which isn't an issue for me. Just don't expect to find too many healthy options.While the only dish I felt warranted 5 stars was not my own, it was so good that it elevated New Harmony from a 3.4 or 4 to 5 star.
My boyfriend's mock shrimp (fried) with walnuts was excellent. He himself admitted it was great and he's an omnivore. He said he didn't taste like shrimp but it was really, really good. I, who haven't eaten shrimp in about 3 or 4 years, loved it so much that I ordered another to go.
What really elevated this dish was that, after eating mock shrimp in the best vegetarian restaurant in Hong Kong  (where I'm from) 3 times, I dismissed mock shrimp as ever being good enough to stand-in for the real thing. Granted, I tasted the shrimp without the batter, and it wasn't that great, but the texture was still good. **If you get the shrimp, get it fried**!! It also wasn't too covered in goopy cornstarchy sauce as most Chinese food in America are.
On to the other aspects of our dinner:
I had the wonton soup, which I'd rate 4/5. The broth was fabulous for veggie broth, but the wontons were too carroty and wierdly shaped. I liked the hot and sour soup I had at another visit better.
The steamed bean curd skins were good, but a little too chewy. The slightly sweet sauce, with little bursts of grated ginger, was delicious. I have to say the chewiness also held for the skins of the steamed dragon dumplings.
I've also had the fried duck, and it was really good - as close to duck as I could imagine. The roast pork buns are also pretty good, although the wrapper is a little too heavy on the dough compared to the filling for my tastes.
Another gripe would be that we brought white wine, but had to open it ourselves (we were given a bottle opener), and had to request a bucket of ice to chill it in. 
Negligible complaints, though, given the how great the fried shrimp dish was. This is a do not miss. Can't wait to return to try to $12 all you can eat dim sum deal!I do not understand all the great reviews for this place. We very excitedly came for veggie dim sum based on the reviews, and had perhaps the worst restaurant experience ever. Three of us tried 8-10 dishes and EVERYTHING was TERRIBLE! The scallion pancakes were good enough to have more than a couple bites, but everything else was borderline disgusting. We left all of it uneaten.I had once tried the $12 unlimited dim sum option at another vegetarian chinese place in Philly, but that was years ago. After looking at reviews on Yelp, I thought New Harmony would be a better bet. With an average 4-star rating after more than 100 reviews, you'd think it was a safe bet. The most I can say for it is that I have experienced better...in Philadelphia, no less.
The food was fine, but not great or even that good. Out of the many dishes we tried, I only really liked two (the fried tofu and the spring rolls), and the waiter seemed more interested in bringing us the most popular dishes rather than what we ordered. I'm sure the pork buns are popular, but I want the spinach dumplings, please. Thanks. Aside from pushing those dishes (even bringing us items we didn't order), the service was really good, and the tea was also good. For $12, it wasn't a bad meal, by any means, but it wasn't a 4-star meal by any means, either.Definitely hitting this place up with my boyfriend again next time I'm in Philly.  He's a vegetarian who opts not to go for imitation meat substitutes, but the General Tso's chicken here converted him. He's a fan now. 
We had dinner here last week. After driving into Philly, we wanted to have a nice dinner on our first night in the city. It was the perfect choice! We ordered:
- Hot 'n Sour Soup
- Fried Stuffed Taro Balls
- General Tso's Chicken
- House Special Mixed Vegetables
The place is pretty casual. Our waiter was very friendly and always checked in to see if we were enjoying our meal. 
Highly recommended for both vegetarian and non-vegetarian diners!I can't help but appreciate a restaurant where I can eat everything on the menu.  I happened in on a Sunday so I opted for the all you can eat buffet, so I could try a variety of options.  The spicy fake pork was yummy but most dishes were just okay and fairly heavy.  The buffet food was also not very hot.   As others have mentioned, this isn't health food but it's worth checking out esp if you are vegan or vegetarian.I had the dinner menu with a seaweed and bean curd soup, spring roll and hot pot.
The spring roll was nice - nothing special
The soup was excellent. Lots of seaweed and bean curd in a nice broth
But the hot pot was an amazing experience. The simulated meats and seafood were like nothing I have tasted before. Especially unique were the mock shrimp that had taste and texture of shrimp.
Overall a great experience and the owners are super nice too!!!this is the best veg restaurant, ever.  seriously.
ming is awesome.
i am hopelessly in love/lust with the walnut shrimp, phoenix chicken, mapo tofu, hot & sour soup, singapore noodles (especially with ham), and the new "pork" dish.  
in fact, i think i'll head over there tonight...It's a bad day in food when you sign up for Yelp just to write a bad review.
I don't need to tell the whole story, because it's a waste of breath, but it comes down to the owner calling me a liar and them not giving me all of my food. Super disappointed. What happened to customer service?  You may fair better if you eat in, but I will eat in and take out elsewhere.I recently had lunch here with some co-workers - some vegetarian, some not.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal.  I had the veggie general tso, wonton soup and fried banana.  I had some of my co-workers veggie cheesecake - which happened to be the most delicious thing I've ever tasted!  I can't wait to return.Vegans and vegetarians: I feel your pain.  Having tried to go veg a couple of times in my life, I know how unaccommodating the world can be.  As some others have remarked here, I'm still frankly surprised that the Philadelphia Yelp community, one that seldom fails me, would rate this place so highly.  I think it's a function of the fact that vegetarians overwhelmingly come to New Harmony, and those vegetarians appreciate a meatless variety that is simply unavailable at most restaurants.  For those of us who just want good food, look elsewhere.  
Four of us ordered the dim sum.  The ingredients were low-quality, and it was amazing how similar a lot of the things tasted.  The salad was basic and doused in cheap dressing.  A surprising amount of the items were deep-fried.  The pork buns weren't bad, and neither were the starter soups.  The dumplings could have experimented with various spices and flavors: Instead, they were all bland and stuffed with mostly cabbage.  It was as though the cooks didn't even bother to imitate the omnivorous analogue.  We ordered sesame chicken and it never came.  The desserts weren't bad, but they were also made of low-quality ingredients and mostly deep-fried.Pound for pound great value for your money, in regard to dinner special.  Ambiance was decent.  Phoenix chicken was good, vegetarian ham ok.How this place got such good reviews is a mystery to me. You get one star if I throw the food out, two if I eat it but it's bad. ONE STAR. 
It's not worth eating, I just threw it out and am choosing to eat nothing and apparently as I type this my partner is doing the same. I wish I could get my money back so I could order something else.This place will please any meat eaters. For instance, my sister needs her meat at every meal but when we eat at this place she will make it an exception. My family love their shrimps and walnuts. I must say, it's really good. The texture is similar to shrimps. I'm not sure if they still have the Sunday buffet available but it's a great experience to try out.
You can sample a varies of soups and dishes.
It's not the most healthiest vegan place but you can tell them how you want it cooked.This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants, especially since it is all vegan. We love the lemon faux hicken with broccoli, although I switch the broccoli for bean sprouts. The best vegetable fried rice ever! And the vegan vegetable pancakes are yummy! If you are vegan, you have to go here. Parking is a little rough, but eventually you will find a spot, try Arch Street.My friend went vegan for lent, and I'm a vegetarian, so naturally we decided to head over to New Harmony for a catch-up and a bite.  I used to come here all the time in highschool which is admittedly a while ago... but i decided it would be fun to venture back.
I never came here (or anywhere in chinatown) for the decor, but it seems to have diminished since my youth.  I sat down, and noticed that the table cloths and napkins must be the same as they were back in highschool.  They were stained, and faded, but clean!  In china town, we'll take it!  Definitly an easy place where they could kick up the experience a notch or two.
We BYO'ed and they were so confused.  We ended up ordering the juice drinks and adding our own vodka to it, but they weren't putting ice in the drinks... and lukewarm orange juice is pretty icky... but that may have been our fault for assuming that no liquor license = BYO?  
We got the dim sum for dinner which was a really fun way to dine.  We split a bunch of little things and they really didn't get annoyed at us as we kept ordering and ordering and ordering.  The food was delicious, but a lot more greasy than i remember.  The buns were a little weird.  I'd never tried them before, and it's not a food I'm familliar with, but they were pretty doughy and sweet which wasn't doing it for me.  
All in all, I'd come back here, or at least order take out.  They used to be on this high pedistool in my mind, and this experience brought them down a few notches, but they still got it!I'm not vegan nor vegetarian, but I am a huge fan of karaoke. We came here on a Saturday evening for a friend's birthday party around 7pm. We arrived and descended down the stairs into a private basement room, similar to a high school house party setting. You'll need to forgive the decor and overall "charm" of the place. The napkins were frayed and the dishes and utensils had a fog of something on them. There were 16 people at the table and the room probably could have fit another 10 or so. For 20 bucks each, platters of the following were served family style to the table: vegetarian spring rolls, scallion pancakes, walnut imitation jumbo shrimp, mock beef with broccoli, roast "pork" fried rice, "chicken" lo mein, tofu that tasted like general tso with green beans, and fortune cookies. I'm not usually a fan of mock or imitation meats, but New Harmony did a nice job with these dishes. My favorites by far were the scallion pancakes and "pork" fried rice. There was plenty of food for everyone and the karaoke was a lot of fun.
We had our run of the basement with private bathrooms for about 4 hours. It is a BYOB and a cake was also brought for the birthday girl. We were loud in the basement and I'm not certain it was appreciated by the people dining upstairs, but for us it was a great time! For a group celebration setting and karaoke experience, New Harmony is more like 4 stars. For food alone, it is A-OK.So. Many. Great. Options.  Seriously? Fried vegan cheesecake is a MUST.  Also, I love the veggie dumplings so so so much and the BBQ ribs are great. This is my favorite asian-vegan restaurant of them all.This place is definitely and unsuspecting hole-in-the-wall, but the food and service are great. The vegan dim-sum is insanely cheap and yummy. As a non-vegetarian, I've struggled to find vegetarian food that I find delicious and satisfying and this place takes the cake. 
The menu is eclectic, with lots of fried and steamed/healthy options. They have a great dessert menu too, with fried vegan cheesecake and fresh fruit smoothie. You can eat yourself stupid with a $24 dollar all-you-can-eat menu for 2. This option is my favorite cause than you try a little bit of everything. Even though I used to balk at meat-substitutes, New Harmony taught me that if they can be delicious if well prepared!Such a disappointment!! I thought this food would be to die for! My non vegan mom suggested this place, she said the food here was great! The reviews here was good as well! She and yelp was horribly WRONG! I ordered the shrimp, the host suggested it was disgusting! The general tos, nasty as well! The best thing was the veggie delight, which was the simplest of the three trays ordered. Never again will I go to this place! The host was nice and I received free fried bananas, that he drowned in Aunt Jamama's syrup! This had to be the nastiest vegan food I've ever had! NEVER AGAIN !Never go anywhere else for Chinese food, especially if you're a vegan or a vegetarian.
Everything is great. My favorites are the veggie burger, drumsticks, vegetable pancakes, beef and curry hot pot, duck with broccoli... New Harmony has my favorite dessert EVER - raspberry fried cheesecake. It is perfect.
Also, Ming is cool.We ordered delivery, and we thought the food was really good; my only complaint was no rice came with the sweet & sour 'chicken'.Wait. This Chinese place is Kosher? Yes, I can now bring my observent Jewish family/friends to the Chinese food scene party. 
If you are not a vegetarian, I would pass on the "mock" shrimp. It's just a little weird in texture for me. But the flavor profiles are all wonderful. 
To Do:
LUNCH SPECIALS
Eggplant 
Dim Sum (Tapa) selections 
Don't: 
Mock meat. Just stick the vegetarian options. UNLESS it's the MOCK DUCK. For some reason, I can get behind this bean curd this!Vegetarian version of Chinese food heaven :-P Very wide selection of vegan chicken, pork, duck, steak, shrimp and more! Makes it for an interesting experience to eat endless meatless kinds of meat. Wide array of tastes. Mostly heavy dishes as Chinese food would be. 
They offer Vegan all you can eat buffet on Sundays from 5:30pm...I am completely in love with this place. Considering that fact that I am a red meat & potatoes kind of girl, that's saying alot. My first time here was for my belated birthday dinner with my friend. The atmosphere was really relaxed and while waiting for the food, I was just walking around the restaurant looking at the selling artwork on the restaurant's walls. The waiter was really friendly and welcoming. I was a bit skeptical about the kosher food at first. Fake General T'so chicken seems a bit weird but it was really amazing. It isn't your typical general t'so. Rather than than the normal hot and spicy red sauce, my little fried "chicken" balls came along with a bowl of brown gingerly sauce which was just as amazing. The spring rolls was good (along with the ocean of duck sauces I used) and the vegan chocolate cheesecake is a must have. I came back several times after that; and I called for delivery a couple times too (when i have that craving in the middle of work). Next time I'm going there, I'm definitely going to take advantage of their all you can eat dim sum.We have a tried a couple other vegetarian Chinese restaurants and this is by far the best!! The walnut faux shrimp was amazing. I couldn't believe that it wasn't real shrimp. Can wait to go back for our yearly Christmas tradition :)This place is ground zero for veggie Chinese food. I don't go to New Harmony for the decor or the service (not that there is anything wrong with either), I go for DIM SUM and a huge menu that I can eat everything on. 
I like the dim sum/appetizers best - wonton soup, dumplings, spring rolls. The main dishes are tasty but they all kind of have the same flavor; the beef and broccoli is my favorite. 
The servers are attentive and nice, and the tea is a welcome touch. Round up a bunch of hungry friends, order some dim sum, and knock yourself out.Great menu but service isn't always. Just have to let them know when you are ready to order and when you want the check. It's. Great find for good vegan Chinese food in the area.the "beef" bun was tasty, like chashao bao. But the wonton soup and steamed chicken with black mushrooms were over salted. The "chicken" was very chewy and had an off-flavor. I've had my share of faux-meat, and this did not taste very fresh.Visited this place for lunch one fine afternoon as I was on the search for a new go to veg/mock meat/soy/tofu spot when visiting Philadelphia since after my last disappointing visit to my other go to spot, Veggie Lovers around the corner from here wasn't up to my liking. Upon first impression into the place, it seems a bit dingy and questionable but after my meal arrived, it lived up to my satisfaction in terms of portions, price and taste and service.
I ordered the lunch special of General Tso Chicken with brown rice and a wonton soup - all in at $6.95. The soup was small with 3 little wontons filled with crispy pieces of vegetables like cabbage and carrots swimming in a peppery flavored broth. Besides the size, i felt that the soup wasnt hearty enough. For that you may be better off with the sweet and sour soup which is the other option available in the lunch special. The General Tso arrived with plenty of mock chicken pieces and medium sized pieces of broccoli florets all bathed in a sweet and spicy brown sauce. As I enjoyed the heaping portion, I felt justified in ordering more for the road. I then ordered the Chicken Lo Mein and another lunch special of curry chicken and sweet and sour soup which I have yet to taste. After the soft, fried, and flavourful experience of their chicken, it's safe to say that it stands eons apart from their competitor around the way. The rice a little dry but as it always is only the side..New Harmony deserves an overall 4 star experience.New Harmony and Kingdom of Vegetarians used to be owned by the same people. I'm not sure if this is still the case.
Completely unrelated, but because of a feud between my friend and his ex. he was only allowed to go Kingdom and she was only allowed to go to New Harmony. Out of respect I chose to honor the treaty as well. Now that the 5 year ban has been lifted and after reading some recent  reviews on the decline of Kingdom, I have decided to return to New Harmony.
In my opinion the food wasn't quite as good as previous years but its still one of my favorite places to get Chinese food. Everything is vegetarian. The lunch specials are cheap and have just enough food to fill you up without having to carry home leftovers. I always get the hot and sour soup and General Tso's "chicken".It was 10 PM when we finally got out the door and we needed to eat fast.  After reading reviews, New Harmony sounded like just the place!
Upon entering, you'll find that the place is decorated in the fashion of typical Chinese restaurants (lots of mirrors, fake plants, gold things).  We were seated in the back area which was nice and cozy, the lighting was almost too dark, but I liked it.  
The menu is pretty basic, it looked like for dinner they offered $12 dinner specials (standard chinese food items general tsos "chicken", "beef" w/ broc, etc) that come with soup and an egg roll, and in the back of the menu had meals for 3-4 or 4-5 people, which included a variety of entrees, soup, scallion pancake, and dessert.  
We got the dinner for 3-4 ($38) and it was pretty good, details here:
1st - wonton soup, extremely delicious! must get this if you go here. full   of yummy veggies, and the wontons are fantastic!
2nd - scallion pancake - comes with yummy sweet soy sauce mixture, 
 a little too deep fried for my taste, but it was still good.
Main courses: 
Beef w/ Broccoli- interesting sweet, airy texture, that was not that similar to beef but I can't really put my finger on the taste.  Broccoli was fresh.
Ham and Veggies- Ham was a little salty but surprisingly tasted a lot like a smoky ham. Veggies were tasty!
General Tsos- delicious! tastes frighteningly like the real thing.
Dessert- fried bananas- for me these weren't the best fried bananas i've ever had (esp. since i love the ones from thai restaurants) they came in little balls with too much breading and grease. only okay.
But, I'd come here again for sure to try out all the other tasty offerings. And it's pretty awesome that all the food is Vegan/Kosher.My favorite place to eat in the city. They have a wonderful staff and the food truly is incredible. Every dish I've ever tried has impressed me. There is something very humble about this place, it doesn't have to yell. I don't go here for ambiance or style, I go because it's the best. If I'm hitting a show at the Troc I always make sure to stop in.While here for business, I took off a few hours and walked to see the Liberty Bell. After walking three miles, it was lunch and I was starving. New Harmony was only half a mile from me, so walked that way. Smack dead in the middle of China Town, this restaurant feels like it's been there forever and probably had not ever remodeled since established.
Part of the charm was it's location and it's atmosphere inside. On a Saturday at lunch I sat right down and had food within fifteen minutes. I tried the spring roll, eggplant and tofu with black bean sauce and ordered a cheesecake to go just for fun. I'll try any vegan cheesecake I can get my hands on.
The spring roll wasn't as good as I've had. It came with a sweet sauce only, I think I would have liked a little Braggs or Soy sauce with it instead. The eggplant, however was a rich and impressive meal. Not too salty, the eggplant was cooked to perfection and paired were well with the black bean sauce, green bell peppers and onion. The plates here are enormous - there was no way I could finish it! 
I'm staring at the cheesecake now, sitting in my hotel room. I haven't yet taken a bite. Standby & I'll report back... Maybe that's not vegan.. I'm going to have to call and ask. Hmmm... 
I'd eat here again if I am back in Philly. Quick, quiet and out of the tourist area.. And vegan.. All big bonus points!!New Harmony deserves much more credit and attention than it receives. As a vegan, it's not only the food that keeps me coming back. It's the warm, down to earth staff who greet by name, take the time to get to know you, and are always cordial and polite; making Chinatown one of my favorite spots to visit in Philly. Ming, the chef and owner of New Harmony; has re-inspired my love for Chinese cuisine and I hope to be a lifelong guest at this cozy gem in arguably one of the most interesting neighborhoods in town.
I recommend the turnip cakes, and their mock-shrimp walnut dish. And of course the vegan pistachio ice cream.Interesting vegetarian place. I had no idea what I was in store for walking in. The menu looks completely like any other Chinese food menu except everything that includes a type of meat is imitation or mock meat! I tried some General Tso's chicken and it was surprisingly really really good; I was pleasantly surprised. I myself kept it simple and got the vegetarian fried rice which was decent but nothing too crazy. Next time I will at least order a vegetable dish, if not the mock meat!A party of 4, we all ordered the "all you can eat" dim sum for $12.  It's a lot of food and a tremendous value.  About one-third of the dishes were pretty good; the rest weren't really worth the calories.  
The soups, spring rolls, scallion and spinach pancakes, and fried bananas were fine.  I suggest you try al la carte.  Service was just fineNew Harmony looks like a jungle rainforest from the outside. The front window is filled with those plastic hanging vines that you can get at craft stores, but for some reason it doesn't look cheap... it looks like you are about to walk into an adventure story or something. I went for dim sum last night with a group of friends. For $10 per person, they will keep the food a-comin' until you beg for mercy.  Vegetable fried rice, spring rolls, beef buns (my personal favorite that makes me giggle to say), hot and sour soup, sesame chicken, sesame beef, scallion pancakes.... and more and more and more... all vegan! The staff is extremely friendly and accomodating though you have to ask for a knife and spoon... which is odd... I guess they only like forks?Well I'm not a vegetarian but I do like this place.  You kind of have to know what to get though.  Ask the guy in the red blazer, he'll know what to recommend if you are a first-timer.  I would recommend the General Tso or the Phoenix Chicken, they are great safe picks.  I really enjoy the Wonton soup here, the broth is incredibly delicious.  If you are really hungry the dinner special 3 course dinner will fill you up nicely.Um, this is my favorite restaurant EVER. I live 1.5 hours from Philly and still drive there pretty regularly. If you're vegan and you miss that greasy, authentic Chinese take-out, GO HERE. I love the veggie pancakes. They serve them with a ranch sauce and it's like this little plate of greasy vegetable goodness WITH RANCH SAUCE OH MY GOD. Their spring rolls are my favorite. The sesame "chicken" is so good. The buffet is decent but they won't have the very best of the menu on the buffet line, so I recommend coming a week night when it's not too busy and ordering from the regular menu, and also coming for the buffet to decide which you like better. AND THEN COME FOR THE DONUTS. You'll end up spending your whole paycheck there but it will be worth it. Also, take your friends and a cheap bottle of wine and it will be the most fun you've ever had. Promise.I like eating here in person but find the takeout not as yummy. You also have to be careful about what you order. They have good suggestions. Call them to order delivery because the restaurant has better prices in person than on menu pages or grub hub. I like their special whatever platter.Found this gem while on a quick trip to Philly. This is a little home in the wall place a little way off the main drag, but easily walkable from the downtown hotels and landmarks. Everything here is vegetarian, so figuring out what to order was a struggle (I don't usually have more than 2 options). The food was delicious. Service was good. It looks like it is truly a family run place. Better Chinese food than I have found in DC. I would definitely come here again. 
Also, try the mock duck! It was delicious!When a couple vegetarian friends came to visit, it seemed like the perfect time to try out New Harmony.  We steered clear of any imitation meat, but still had plenty of options.  We started with the Steamed Vegetable Dumplings and enjoyed the sweet Steamed Vegetable Buns. Our favorite entree was the perfectly cooked and very tasty Eggplant and Tofu with Garlic Sauce.  The Buddha Delight Pan Fried Noodles had well-prepared noodles, but needed more substantial vegetables.  Overall, a great option when you want vegetarian Chinese food.Great meal! I'm not a vegetarian and very much enjoyed the food. I had the "fish" with vegetables in ginger sauce dinner special, which came with soup, appetizer, and dessert.
I will definitely be back.Awesome food.. was in Philly in June when we stumbled across your restaurant. Fell in love with your food. Unfortunately, we walked to your place last night and were disappointed when we discovered you are closed on Wednesday's. Not to fear we will be back to Philly and to your wonderful food again soon..I visited Harmony just because my roommate, who is vegetarian, said that this vegetarian Chinese restaurant served food that tasted just like real meat. I could not believe it so we went to dinner there.
She was right. This little, unassuming Chinese restaurant that looks like a million other Chinese food places, serves up delicious Chinese dishes with substitute meat and they taste almost the same!
I had to ask the waiter just to make sure that my General Tso's "Chicken" really wasn't chicken. It was so disconcerting. If all vegetarian food tasted like this, I feel like I could be one too!Haven't eaten here in a few years but I know when I used to frequent it it was great.  I am not a vegetarian by nature but I gotta say this is some good eats whether u is a meat eater or not.So much fun! Came here with a big group of friends one night right before the snowicane hit for Dim Sum and karaoke (in our own private room).   I must say it was worth it!  I don't remember off the top of my head every single dish that was brought to our table, but it tasted great, granted it was fake meat.  A must for vegans, vegetarians and carnivores looking to expand their horizons!I love New Harmony!  This place is a staple for my friends and I.  We go here almost every Sunday night for dim sum and have never been disappointed.  My husband and I also get take out or delivery pretty frequently and Ming and staff never let us down.  Whether you're vegan/kosher or not I highly recommend New Harmony.  
YUM!yum yum yum! Took the advice of a friend and finally gave this place a shot - so mad at myself for waiting this long! Food was soo good and they were extremely accommodating and great service! i can't wait to bring more people here so they can experience the awesomeness of being veg. i approve.Over the years I have heard so much about this place. Local Philly punk band Anal Sausage even went as far to write a song about this establishment. I finally went with a friend of mine and we got the all you can eat buffet meal. i have to say it was pretty darn good. I especially liked the banana things or whatever they are called. I would definately go back to this joint if grabbing a meal with a vegetarian friend.Walnut Shrimp and General Tso's Chicken are better than the real thing!Enjoyed my visit! Had the Kung Pao "chicken" and it was filled with crunchy vegetables and not too greasy- it could have been a lot spicier. The hot and sour soup was decent, but the pancake was greasy. The service was friendly and the prices very reasonable.Very mediocre food, I felt sick eating it... I think its the oiliness. Also- terrible ambiance and service.I went here for dinner tonight and was quite happy with the experience.  The service was phenomenal.  The staff was very attentive and professional.  The menu is huge, all veggie and very reasonably priced.  The decor is a bit dated, but rather nice otherwise.  Cloth napkins, complementary tea, warm towel after your meal.  I would give it 4.5 starts if I could, but since I can't I'm giving it 5 stars is because my meal (beef and broccoli) was a little bland.  The wonton soup and spring rolls were delicious.  I really wanted to try a dessert, but as usual was too full.  I definitely plan on going back to try something else.Three appetizers, three entrees, three desserts. The bill? $46
The breakdown goes like this:
Scallion pancake- too deep fried, not enough scallion.
Steamed vegetable dumplings- perfect.
Donut wrapped in rice noodle- (crapshoot) very interesting, tastier than expected.
Tofu and eggplant- highly recommended, first dish on the table to be cleared.
Chicken with broccoli- if you find out what the "chicken" is made of and stop pretending that it's chicken, it tastes a lot better. It's just tofu. The broccoli was fresh and yummy.
Vegetable fried rice- like licking a block of salt. A very addictive block of salt.
Pistachio ice cream- Delish.
Fried banana- Hell yeah.
Plum cakes- Pass. 
And it's BYOB! Between four people, we had more than enough food at less than $15/pop. Can't wait to go back.I am a strict carnivore and I have to say - this place rocks. The General Tsao's was very life like indeed. Their food is great, but the place is too dark, I almost thought they were closed.
Yummmmmmm!You really can't go wrong with new harmony. Their entire menu is vegan offerings of all your favorite non vegan options lol Their "pork" fried rice is killer and the sweet and sour "chicken" is spot on!I'm a carnivore. But when I want to eat well without feeling like I'm eating cardboard, New Harmony is my go to place. Their dishes are always full of flavor and really filling. I've had their General Tso's "chicken" and eggplant in black bean sauce. I haven't been disappointed yet!Since I became a Vegan 7 years ago this has been my favorite restaurant in Philly. The Sesame "beef" is absolutely incredible as is the all-you-can-eat dim sum!I'm a huge fan of dim sum, but my girlfriend is a vegetarian so it limits our options. We found this place and now our lives are complete! Everything we had was good, but you MUST try the Coconut Triangles! The only thing that we wouldn't order again is the Scallion Pancake because it was far too doughy and didn't have much scallion in it. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with anything on the dim sum menu. The staff was friendly and glad to answer questions. We'll be visiting again!I've been trying vegetarian eating lately and was happy to find my way to a review on New Harmony. The reviews truly don't do it justice. The only reason why this was 4 and not 5 stars is because, when I went there for lunch today,  the lights were off and it was a bit warm.  Also, I didn't care much for the wonton soup.I ate the beef bun and general tso's chicken and was quite pleased.I love this place I've been coming for years and I'm not even a vegan. My favorite thing to eat is the scallion pancakes! The best deal is the lunchbox special with the "chicken" and sweet and sour rice. I love beheading good where you don't miss the meat(haha)and this it's one of this places.4 stars on average?! Something must be wrong. The service is really nice and the prices are decent on one hand. On the other hand the three main downsides are: the food does not taste good, the decor is not beautiful and the toilets aren't that clean. Most of the items on the menu seem to be based on mock beef ot mock chicken which might not suit people who eat vegan but still are not frustrated with the idea of not having meat, especially since those pieces of fake meat don't taste good, at all. I ordered a soup that was not good (not horrible though exept the fake chicken that was indeed terrible.It was closer to no taste than bad taste) and my friend had something else - I don't remember what - that was not better. Once again service is nice so don't run away from this place, but don't expect it to be good or great.