The food is mediocre Chinese fair. Their service is horrible. Check your order!  We ordered spare ribs and when we got home we discovered they were not in the bag. When we called, instead of making good on the transaction they were rude and snapped back that she didn't charge us and hung up on us. And they skimp on portions. One fortune cookie for a large order.I love the family that owns this restaurant. They are always so nice and friendly to everyone! The food is good and consistent. It's not outstanding but remember it is basically a take-out restaurant. Certain things are better than others. Their Singapore Noodles are the best I've had in the city. They keep late hours and are open most holidays.This is my favorite chinese place! WAY better than Fortune up the block. Great price and quality food. Their egg rolls are fantastic!Food is Good! Customer Service is Bad/Awful.
My friend and I placed a dinner order of chinese food earlier today via foodler to be delivered at 4:30pm.  Lo and behold it was delivered at 12pm.  We called the restaurant and told them their mistake and they told us no problem, keep the food we will deliver the food at the correct time.     Well they came at 4:30pm, but wanted us to PAY again.   After we explained the mistake the delivery guy left with our food.  
When we called the restaurant, all they did was hollar at us that we were trying to steal their food.   Never again.....................My local Chinese food spot. Pretty standard stuff, but done well. I live a few blocks down so it comes piping hot with steam billowing out once the plastic lids are removed. They have a pretty large menu where you will find all the Chinese food delicacies you crave (around 10 pm). The one thing I wish they could figure out is how to save my address. Some other delivery spots use your phone number to identify returning customers so you don't need to spell out your address each time you call. But what the heck, give me my kung pao hot and at a good price and I am a happy man. Plus, orders over $10 gets you a free soda or egg role, score! New South China is the place to call for the SW CC and Graduate Hospital neighborhoods.This is the best cheap chinese food I've ever had. I love everything about this hole in the wall, take out only restaurant. It's clean and fast and tasty. 
Yesterday I got enough chinese food to feed a small country. My order was as follows 
Quart of Egg Drop Soup ($2.10)
Pint of Lo Mein ($3.25)
Quart of Veggie Fried Rice ($5.25)
Chicken with Broccoli ($7.15)
Grand Total: $20.64! 
I mean it doesn't really get better than that in Center City. I got enough food to feed 6 people at least. Plus they throw in a free soda with every $10 you spend so I got 2 free cans of Diet Coke. As long as the food's good and cheap I'll be going here for a long time.By far, the dumbest people I have ever come across. These people have no business being in the food delivery service . I called these idiots for delivery of Chinese food. I ordered won ton soup, 2 spring rolls and steamed shrimp dumplings. The delivery person calls me 3 times on my cell phone telling me he is downstairs in the lobby and wants me to come down and pick up the food. And, all 3 times I told him to come upstairs and deliver it to my room. Finally, he shiws up after 10minures of these shenanigans. Then, to top it off, there was no spoon in the bag and instead of giving me spring rolls, they gave me egg rolls, instead, which were so loaded with salt, it was impossible to eat. This establishment is BAD News. Do yourself a huge favor and stay away. Theyre zero  stars.Very solid Chinese food. Chinese cuisine is not my go to, however my wife has the hankering now and then. The restaurant forgot the toping for the egg foo young on an occasion and they delivered the topping immediately. 
I highly recommend the restaurant.Modest price Chinese restaurant with an OPEN view kitchen; you can your food prepared with high standards.  Friendly, well spoken counter person.
Fresh & tasty although very mild seasoning.  Egg rolls crisp, house wonton soup packed, good flavor on shrimp, beef and pork entrees and no greasy pork fried rice.  I reheated leftovers and had no excess oil at all.
I'll order again for take out but will ask for extra spicy.The spring rolls were a bit greasier than others I have had.   I had the chicken corn soup that was OK, egg drop soup base.  For my entrée, I had cashew chicken and it was pretty damn tasty.   Little bland, but the broccoli was tender and wonderful, and the chicken was good.  Good delivery service.I'm starting to think that I should stick with one or two dishes. Tonight, I ordered Kung Pao Chicken, interested in seeing how New South China's rendition would be. Well, I perhaps should not be so adventurous with this place. This was essentially the "Almond Chicken" I ordered before (mentioned in my previous review), but with celery and a slightly different tasting sauce although I can hardly tell what... Okay, it isn't hard to make a half-decent Kung Pao Chicken, and yet New South served up by far the worst version. I honestly cannot imagine it getting worse. The reason why? Because it basically was a soup! I ordered a pint of this stuff and after eating I measured out the remaining sauce (some of which I had soaked up in some rice and some of which was eaten during the meal) and it measured to 1/2 a cup! It was celery and chicken and peanuts floating around in a dark broth that tasted of really nothing but salt, and even then... The peanuts seemed like they were just tossed in without being wok fried, there were no peppers, etc. Okay, there were 5 or so pepper flakes floating around in the soup. I ordered this hot, and I put a note in the delivery saying to make it actually spicy, extra, extra spicy and yet what I got was what I would expect if I ordered mild and put a note saying "extra mild no spices please!"
I'm still keeping this 3 stars for the dishes that are pretty good. But seriously, this kind of stuff is an embarrassment and New South China should feel shame for putting out a product such as this. No wonder the image of Chinese food in America is one of disgusting junk you binge on when you're drunk. Tasteless, bland, indistinct. A mark of shame on the great culinary legacy that is the food of China.This is my favorite place for  takeout Chinese food.  
They have a HUGE selection, including an extensive vegetarian selection.  Their general tsos tofu (and chicken) are both delicious.  The staff is super friendly (they let me bring my dog into the restaurant to pick up my food...that's a good thing right?), and the food is dirt cheap.  Also, they're always giving me a free soda...I guess if you spend over 10 bucks?  I think if you spend over $30 they give you a huge portion of general tsos chicken for free.
Although I am moving and won't be able to get takeout here anymore, I will for sure get their food delivered.The best Chinese Food I have ever had.  Delicious, hot, fresh, and just enough spices.  Will be back for more, soon.Moved into graduate hospital a year ago and have ordered takeout about 2x a month since then. Always fresh, steaming hot, wonderful flavor and big portions.Reliable, and fast place for Chinese takeout. This has become my go to Chinese takeout restaurant, I've ordered from them more times than I can count. My favorites are the fried pork dumplings and Singapore noodles.Don't give it a two star rating for not being a fine dining experience.  Its Chinese take out!  Best general tsos chicken for 5.75food isnt the best chinese i have ever had...but its better than fortune, which is pricier and bland. they are fast, tasty, and best of all cheap.As cheap Chinese goes, this place is pretty much as good as it gets. The food's flavorful and not drenched in oil. I get delivery from there usually around once a month, and have never been unhappy with the food. Just remember, it's still cheap Chinese.I order from here more than I would like to admit.  However, I remember watching Friends and Seinfield and being jealous that they could order chinese delivery (I'm originally from Cali). Well now that I'm in philly, I definitely take advantage of the fact that basically you can order chinese or pizza all the time.
This is your basic chinese place that you would come across.  The combination platters are where its at.  $6.75 for an entree with fried rice and an eggroll.  If you order over 10 bucks, they'll throw in a can of soda.  I mean what more can you ask for.  Steer clear of the bbq ribs.  Probably one of the grossest things I've eaten.  The sweet and sour pork, general tsao's chicken, egg foo young, ain't too shabby.  So when you don't want to cook, and don't want Lazzaro's pizza, then hit up New South China.DO NOT GIVE THIS PLACE ANY BUSINESS! I ordered my food and paid for it on Grubhub. Then at the time my delivery was supposed to be completed, they call me and tell me that they will not deliver to me. Without ANY apology or regard for the fact that I PAID ALREADY! These people do not care about their customers or reputation. So don't ever get food from this disgrace of a "restaurant"This is s my second time venturing to "New South China"
Pros: There is a door so that you may walk out as quickly as you came in.
Cons: It looks like a place where you may want to stay at first glance.
I ordered with an app called: BEYOND MENU this time, mainly because I didn't want to wait for my order of Fried Rice, 3 Veggie Rolls and Homemade Lemonade during my lunchbreak.  
The app worked well.   Of the options to "Pick up", "Delivery" or "Dine In", I chose "Dine In".  BTW it is the only option that you can bypass the $10 minimum.  
When I arrived 20 minutes later I was greeted with by the tall Chinese woman with glasses  with the same look of disdain I had previously received months ago.  Looking at the pick up counter I imagined that one of the 4 orders waiting for retrieval was mine.  I gave her my name and told her about my app order. "You order online?, no online order, she shouted."  A few seconds later she notices an 8 1/2 x 11sheet of paper, places it in front of me and asks, "That you?"    She hands me my carefully packaged "dine in" order without a hint of gratitude let alone a plate and utensils, perhaps some sauce.  I chose the table closest to the window where I had a clear view of a Fire Chief having lunch and a Dominican man talking loudly on his phone in Spanish also seated.  I then got up from the table and asked for a plate from the miserable woman to which she responds "What you want?" I repeated louder, "a PLATE".  She then hands me a plate half interestedly in appearing serviceable, to which the woman in back of me responds to me saying, she's bad at customer service."  I told the customer to "hang in there."   
The customer behind me:  An attractive Hispanic woman is now getting into it with the rude cashier.  "Hi, I called about 30 minutes ago and placed an order", she says.    "No, no order, nobody called", she responds.  "Yes, I did I spoke to you, but if you don't have it, I don't mind waiting for it and I'll order again, she politely responded."  "What you want, says the miserable woman?"     No acknowledgement or contrition of her error.
By now I had already started eating.  The veggie rolls were good, the lemonade was passable but the vegetable fried rice was burned.    
When the lovely hispanic lady left she wished me a good day and it was perhaps the best part of the "New South China" experience  Bonding over crappy service.  I'm not sure what happened to the "Old South China" but I am willing to look for it for my next lunch meal.Not impressed. Spicy orange beef had undetectable amounts of cow (although the citrus tasted fresh and real) Mongolian beef had similiar lack of protein, and excess onions. Chicken skewer appetizer was overly salty and dry. Egg rolls arrived hot & crunchy, but did not redeem order.Your friendly neighborhood chinese place. I love that you can see the whole kitchen as they cook your food. They also give you a free soda with your order. Great selection, great prices, great food. What set's them apart? They are reliable, friendly, and always helpful if you walk in. I always ask for extra duck sauce and they never skimp me.Great food- very nice people here. It's a small, primarily take-out establishment in the Rittenhouse area worth finding. I was referred to it and am very glad I made thIs stop.  I now have three favorites for chinese food in the city: Han, JinHouse, and New South.
Beef and broccoli was a nice-sized portion of delicious beef in a great brown sauce.  The meal was all served in plastic containers, presumably because nobody orders it to eat there.
The wontons- pork- were a delicious noodle.  Extremely reasonable.  I also tried the egg drop which I am a huge fan of.  Good find!  I'll be back soon.Went there one time. The taste is so bad, everything are most likely the same, and it's not chinese food at all. It's just some food mix and fired together. I'm not going there anymore.The best Chinese take/out delivery in the city. Great food and fast. Can't beat the price or the service!The only thing that would make me love this place more is if they brought me DIET coke rather than exclusively coke. But, it's free, so what the hell.
It's your standard quick, cheap chinese food. The food is exactly what you'd expect. They deliver to my house no more than 20 minutes after I call. I've never barfed.... I get that, "I'm never ordering chinese again" feeling... but 2 weeks later I'm ordering again. It's tasty, fo sho.
I'm feelin' ya New South.Delicious, nice portions and cleaner than the board of health!I have had their hot and sour soup numerous times. Got their chop suey the other day and might be obsessed. My boyfriend's chicken looked crispy and yummy. It's hard not to go more often with their great prices.I order from here every once in a while since it's right around the corner and have never been disappointed.  The menu is pretty basic - same old, same old takeout Chinese food.  The lunch specials are my favorite!  (The L11 with chicken is what's up!) Workers here are very friendly and delivery usually isn't a long wait.  
If you're in the market for some quick, inexpensive Chinese food, check this place out!it's a take-out -- mainly -- chinese joint on south street. it's not supposed to be gourmet, so what it does, it does well. and the lay at the counter is sweet as can be. plus, there's no delivery charge, and your food is always at your door pretty close to pronto, as in less than half an hour after the order. and though  they don't take amex, they make up for it by adding freebies into some deliveries, like drinks and even a full entree now and again. 
still, we, as chinese food eaters, need to ask for more! white meat, for starters. and fortunes cookies every time, at least one per entree. 
sure, it's this way everywhere, so if you want plain and simple chinese food and post-chinese food bloat afterwards, go for it; it's near the top for that. 
but i want healthy, white meat sesame chicken, and i intend to find it! who's with me?This is a 4-star review for a cheap Chinese takeout spot so please take that into account. 
However, I had not had Chinese takeout in ages and after seeing my roommate walk in with some I just could restrain myself from making the short walk over to see what it was about. 
Some of the reviews I read had me a bit stirred, but I stayed the course and ended up getting the basic General Tso's chicken with pork fried rice. 
I wolfed it down in under 5. It was delicious, in my opinion. It was even better than I expected, and let me tell you, I've had some poorly made Chinese in my day. I'm happy I chose to go and check it out because now I have a quick Chinese food spot I can fall back on for a late night when I'm too lazy to to cook or need something to cure the drunchies. 
The wait was a bit long as I didn't go inside, but I don't imagine there would ever really be a wait for the spot. 
Note that I don't consider Chinese takeout microwaveable so I would highly suggest eating this in one sitting. All in all I'll find myself eating here again soon. If you want some solid Chinese takeout in Philly you might as well give this place a shot.Five stars in the context of cheap, neighborhood Chinese joints.
This place is SO MUCH better than the other Chinese places in the area. I won't name names, but if you go a block or two in any direction, you'll run into the inferiors.
Best hot and sour soup around, and the best vegetarian entrees outside of su xing house. I love the szechuan chicken too, lots of good veggies instead of the standard fillers. 
The fried chicken wings are awesome too.I tried them for the first time last Friday and I asked for delivery. I ordered some Boneless spare ribs and wonton soup. Their FOOD was definitely below average. Very rude delivery guy. They hung up on me when I called to complain. Never againThe "nice"-ish way to say that New South China sucks:
I live directly across the street from this place and gladly, regularly pay delivery and tip to a driver from Green Garden instead. I literally won't even cross the street to eat their food. 
I don't know. Doesn't taste fresh. Does taste greasy. I'm not into it!Decent, cheap take-out Chinese food. Never incredible but always hits the spot.When they got the order wrong we called. First they accused my boyfriend of not speaking English. Then hung up on him. Entirely unacceptable.holy crap! food is surprisingly good. chicken fried rice had white chicken strips in it. so I wasn't afraid to eat it since people like to tell me scary stories about how some restaurants cook cats. Not this joint. the fried tofu in general tsao sauce was yuuum lots of extra sauce. Broccoli was way hard tho. and it's true about the freebies. (sodas) 
the delivery was quick.
I wanna give this 3.5 stars really. But like my height, I round up.I love NSC! The place is spotless, the food is good, prices are low and attitude from staff is kept to a minimum. I'm a fan! NSC i always there for me when lunch hour comes around and I'm not in the mood for salad, fruit or pita chips and hummus. Don't miss it!Likely the one best Chinese takeout in the city.. I have dabbled with most of them have this place has good basics e.g. lo mein ,general tso, etc ). I believe it's a 9/10 take out place for the price.Went here and got a large chicken fried rice which was ehhh. Bland, mostly rice, unseasoned little strips of chicken, and a little bit of onions, carrots, and peas. Fast and friendly service. But $7 for bland fried rice...PASS.I am semi-nauseous so this may be a short review. This is the worst Chinese food I have ever had in my life, and it's not like i didn't give them a chance. My order of  Shrimp with Garlic Sauce (#100) was OK, although the accompanying vegetables looked tired. So, it's the day after Christmas and it's like a monsoon outside and I decide to order Curry Shrimp w/ Onions and two vegetable rolls. Well, they should rename the vegetable rolls cabbage rolls and maybe there were 5 slices of onion with gobs of really weary green peppers, that probably you or I would have thrown out in the garbage long ago.  I won't even talk about the smell but curry I don't think so.
Avoid this place at all cost. Now, if you'll excuse me I have to retreat to the bathroom after my tired old New South China meal.This was overall a terrible experience. I order 4 chicken wings, chicken and broccoli with veggie fried rice and 2 egg rolls for delivery through Grubhub. The food arrived about 10 minutes before the ETA, but that was the best part. When I went to pick you the food at the door, the delivery driver said "NO TIP?!! YOU DON'T HAVE A TIP FOR ME?!!" I was applauded!!! I got my food in and opened it and it was awful. The chicken and broccoli was mostly broccoli and covered in way too much sauce. The chicken wings were awful!! They had a yellow tint to them and tasted funny. They eggrolls had a red tint inside of them and those tasted funny too. I will not be ordering from here again and I advise everyone to do the same. New Number Ome Chinese in West Philly or China Garden in South Philly are my usually go tos. Try them. Do not washes your money here!!!2 hours for delivery.  Zero customer service, zero communication and mediocre food.  Don't waste your time here.The worst Philadelphia has to offer. Low life's eat  at this restaurant. Stay away! One look at this place and you'll see why. There's graffiti on the window which the owner seems to think is normal . The cook parks his black Acura in front of the restaurant all day long and covers his license plate so he won't receive A parking ticket. I see him standing outside all the time with his ponytail smoking cigarettes. I wouldnt eat anything made  from his hands if he gave it to me for free! Very dirty disgusting place!I love Chinese food. When I go out to eat, I nearly always get Chinese food. When I'm cooking it is almost always Chinese food. But when I don't feel like cooking or going out, what is a person to do for Chinese in Philadelphia? Let's face it, the level of Chinese delivery is very poor unless you're willing to pony up for diningin, which is still on the lacklustre side. This is why New South China is getting a review from me. 
I'm not even sure if I like this place as a whole, but I've ordered from here quite a bit. When I was younger and growing up in the suburbs, Chinese was limited to these Chinese American dishes and my family ate this type of Chinese A LOT throughout my life, so I have a huge sample to compare these sorts of places against. The first time I decided to try their sesame chicken. Being pretty well versed in the diversity of mainland Chinese cuisine now and being able to cook them anytime I want has made me not understand why anybody would crave something like szechuan chicken or general taos chicken again. The flavors are highly inferior to your, for instance, average szechuan dish. Having said that, this sesame chicken was pretty good. In fact, I ordered it a second time because I was craving it and I would consider doing so in the future. My fiancee got the lemon chicken. When we were living in Scotland there was a place that served a pretty good lemon chicken. Mind you, I really don't care for very many lemon chickens out there and I consider it a hard dish to find an even decent version of. While New South China's isn't even half of what the place in Scotland's was, it is one of the better renditions. The roast pork fried rice is pretty good in my opinion and I typically order it when I order from here. I also ordered an egg roll and a shrimp spring roll and those are decent, although the egg roll gets better every time, I think. I've had billions of better ones, however.
The second time I ordered from here I got an vegetable roll (decent, I suppose and should be called cabbage roll), hot and sour soup, and almond chicken. The reason I got the almond chicken was because I was craving a dish I grew up eating in Michigan called, obviously, almond chicken. Almond chicken in Michigan is breaded chicken in a light brown gravy sauce served over lettuce with chopped up almonds. This was definitely not it... instead it was pieces of chicken in a very thick dark, dark sauce accompanied with radish. I would never order this again and found it rather on the terrible side and it kind of made me sick eating it. Not food poisony sick or anything, just, "wow, why would I ever eat that" kind of sick. The hot and sour soup was really, really bad. Again, one of those dishes that is hard to find a good version of. I also got their almond cookies, which didn't get much of a reaction out of me. 
The fourth time my fiancee and I shared roast pork lo mein which was pretty good and reminded me of the standard you'd get from this type of place. As you can see, I'd recommend anything from here with roast pork. It hasn't failed me yet, at least. I also got the cold sesame noodles. I have NOT ordered anything else from here SINCE THEN. These are really good and are only $3.95. It is a shame that I have to reach a minimum for delivery because I crave these frequently.
Some other things I've tried from here are the wonton soup (typical, but okay I suppose), the dumplings (not the best), and the "homemade" lemonade. I really like the homemade lemonade because it isn't thick like a lot of lemonades sold. 
So there we go... New South China. Basically, I stick to the same dish of cold sesame noodles and pork fried rice. I probably won't ever explore their menu, as there isn't very much that interests me and I kind of doubt the quality of them anyway. This is one of those places when I have a craving or I'm in the need for a quick fix when I have an exam the next day or a deadline coming on an essay. The delivery is pretty quick and the delivery men seem quite nice. They never mess up the order and this place is CHEAP. For all of this, it gets a 3 star. Delivery only; I would never go eat here.Horrible experience. Delivery guy cursed me out cause he took over 1 hour and a half so I did not tip well. He said fuck you& threw the menu at me. I almost wanted to call the cops. Food is salty and nasty. Fortune is so much better. They keep your number on file. While the delivery minimum may be more, you're dealing with better people.Terrible service!!!! Ordered on E24/Grubhub for delivery to our hotel.  After waiting over 2 hours and placing 3 calls to the restaurant we cancelled the order with Grubhub.  About 20 minutes later I received a call stating that our food had finally arrived.  When I told them that I had cancelled the order I was screamed at by the delivery person.  I received several additional calls from the same person, all yelling at me, and eventually had to block the calls.Delicious, convenient and SUPER inexpensive Chinese food. The staff is very friendly and the food's always ready when I come to pick it up.
I've eaten a ton of different dishes here - think chicken and black bean sauce, beef and broccoli, egg rolls, wonton/egg drop soup, etc. - and have never been disappointed. This isn't an upscale place, but it doesn't pretend to be.
If you're looking for Chinese food without breaking the budget this is definitely a great place to try.After being a customer for the past 20 years. I opened my pork fried rice and it was grey and tasted disgusting. I called right away. The wife was kind of rude but when I got to the store the husband three the new pork fried rice at me. I asked him if he was serious.   Then asked for my money back which the wife threw at me. Are these people for real. Seriously a customer for as long as I've been going there and I call to say there is a problem and as I'm walking out they are laughing to each other. This place has gone downhill. If anyone else is ok with grey pork please let me know I'm wrong.I have never seen a worse place. People are extremely rude, food is bad, and there's false advertising. I would not recommend to anyone, I hope this restaurant go bankruptcy soon!
I tried to order delivery, on the menu it says $10 min, so I ordered something that's of $12ish, they said the min is $15. I said well but it says it's $10 min on the menu, they asked me to order more, I was just being hesitant and said well I don't think I need anything else (I was actually open to order more food just to have it delivered). They hung up on me. The guy was extremely rude.
Then I thought it was the language barrier and I still wanted to order food, so I dialed again. Someone else picked up and I heard the previous guy talk in the background "omg she called again". I ordered the same thing and they agreed to deliver. I politely mentioned that the previous guy was very rude, and this new guy shouted at me "do you wan or not" and hung up.
This is the most ridiculous delivery experience I've ever had. I hope no one ever order from your restaurant again!!Seafood Combination - Plentiful amount of Seafood and a good variety. I was very happy with this order and it comes with fried rice.
Chicken Fried Rice- This was above average and actually tasted healthy with the white meat chicken that was mixed in with the rice.
Spring Roll with Shrimp - At $1.50 for this item I was more then satisfied. Perfect crunch and felt light eating it unlike its distance cousin the loaded Egg Roll.
Some of the reviews on here are extremely harsh but I can only attest to my one experience ordering here and I will definitely be ordering from here again as the price points and food quality were A+ on my first order.Saw the mix of negative and OK reviews of this place, and given that it is the only Chinese restaurant near me in this  nabe and we were craving some Chinese take-out, figured I would give it a chance. NOT A CHANCE! Food was almost inedible. A tofu dish that was supposed to come "with vegetables" basically had that soggy commercial pea and carrot mixture as the vegetable - kind of like what you would get at a bad school cafeteria...or prison. A shrimp and scallop "Schezuan style" was in a sickeningly sweet and gelatinous sauce, with no spiciness at all. Fried vegetable dumplings were at least acceptable. I will definitely not be returning here again/Interior is much cleaner compared to most Chinese take-out places, looks like a place where you can actually sit down and eat. Service was fast and easy, and they take credit card with a $10 minimum. Overall, there was nothing that really separated it from other take out places, but was a solid experience.Note, New South China changed ownership midway through 2020 (former owners retired): a little bumpy at the outset, but NSC seems to be hitting its stride with our more recent orders. A new favorite: kung pao bean curd--great flavor!Love having New South China nearby: nice folks behind the counter (always quick with a smile and nod of recognition) and great food readily accessible and generally quickly prepared!
Though there are tables for eating in, we've always taken out and have rotating favorites such as wonton soup (wontons are plentiful and broth has great flavor), hot & sour soup, egg rolls, pork lo mein, mu shu pork (always extra pancakes!), general tso's chicken, sweet and sour tofu or chicken (depending on mood), singapore noodles, orange chicken, etc.A 'drunk food' type of place... 
I ordered the Orange Beef and General Tso's Chicken and I have to say I couldn't tell a difference between the sauces. Beef tasted like chicken, chicken like beef... mystery meat? I just wasn't too entirely impressed. 
The fried rice though tasted as fried rice should taste at chinese restaurants.
Probably won't be calling back anytime soon. If you do want some delicious chinese food, I would say look up FORTUNE CHINESE.This is a great spot for takeout or delivery. Quick service, good food. Always get my order right. Sesame chicken combo is great and I'd recommend the steamed dumplings. The steamed chicken or shrimp with mixed vegetables is great. Sauce on the side and you can get brown rice. This is the only place I use for Chinese food delivery!I am so happy that they make a vegetarian egg roll!I went here when I first moved to the Graduate Hospital area, and there was nothing special about the food or the customer service.  I ordered another meal off of Grub Hub, and after receiving order confirmation, the man and woman working here told me that my order wasn't placed at this restaurant, even when I showed them the email confirmation.  I called grubhub to cancel my order,  and I will not be making any future orders here.  I will walk two blocks further to Fortune Chinese.Usually decent food - reminds me of the corner Chinese store in the hood. Sadly the delivery driver was rude and inappropriate; he called to tell me he was outside and expected me to come out of my condo and downstairs to his car rather than deliver my food to my door. When I refused a tip, he went apeshit...poor soul.Gen Tso chicken, the chicken pieces got bigger in size but the amount of breading and taste of sauce is terrible. Too salty and bitter. Generally unhappy with this restaurant in the last year. Vegetable fried rice with a few peas and carrots is not vegetable fried rice.This is update to previous horrible experience from a customer for 20yrs Just going past the storefront, the husband and wife were just inside door and decided to yell out at me about my review and called me a faggot. Not pronounced correctly but I got what they said. Nice. Now where's anyone to give a ship about this behavior? Nowhere. Do they not realize where their store is located? We are many in graduate hospital.  Anyway just thought I'd share that.I would give this place 0 stars if that was an option. I ordered food on grub hub and entered my address which is about 1.5 miles from the restaurant. After an hour of waiting for my food they called and told me they cancelled my order because I'm not in delivery range. They yelled at me as if I had done something wrong! They didn't even apologize for the inconvenience. Spare yourself and order from any restaurant but this one!Ordered Chinese Pizza on a hail mary, never had it before but it was $2.95 and I felt like being daring tonight.
This item was the most tasteless appetizer I may have had in the 37 years I have been alive. Basically you are ordered fried dough with no flavor, maybe some grease on there but that is it....consider this your fair warning before ordering.
Second serious qualm - the last two times I have ordered here they have messed up my order. First time delivering the incorrect main dish, second time being tonight not including my white rice. I have given this place alot of money and yes they re-delievered my food after three calls for the incorrect dish but I have lost all faith in this restaurant.
I still recommend ordering if you are in the area as the food is not bad but can no longer endorse ordering take out from here as they cannot be trusted to get the order right. 
Disappointing as they had potential as being my new go to chinese spot but just like in anything in life you will definitely encounter disappointments : (Perhaps I just haven't looked hard enough, but I'm always scrounging to find a Chinese place nearish to Broad & Pine. Every time I find one, I go back and it's closed. Not a great sign. 
This place seems pretty solid. Standard fare, average prices, what more could you want? The vegetable roll is delicious, if absurdly greasy and the other dishes I've tried haven't made me feel like I was going to die afterwards, which is a plus for a low-budget Chinese joint.
This is my go-to when I don't want to walk all the way to Mandarin Palace.Hard to find fault w this place if you set your expectations accordingly:  a decent Chinese takeout food place w the typical mediocre service.  They're close to where I live and don't hang up when I ask them to deliver a few blocks down the street.  These guys were open through the snow-mageddon of February 2010 when nearly everyone else was closed.We ordered take-out and were not expecting much given the mixed reviews.  Our experience was a solid 3.5.  The food was much better than expected.  Placing our order over the phone was easy and picking up felt safe.  All employees were wearing masks.  
The dumplings we ordered were definitely freshly made and tasty.  The chicken with mixed vegetables was plentiful and flavorful, without being overly spicy.  The Chicken Lo Mein was slightly greasy, but very good.  
New South China is a good option for take-out.  It's not the type of place were you eat in.