These chicken and rice spots are mostly the same. Quick, tasty, and better when doused with white sauce and hot sauce.
New York Gyro Truck is no different. For $5 bucks you get a quick and tasty meal. But if you are a quality snob, don't except the highest grade meat. That just doesn't happen for $5.Best chicken over rice on campus, if not the best in Philly. Generous portions and kind service!This cart is the best halal spot on Penn's campus. It's always on the northwest corner of 38th and Walnut, and it always, always has a line. After trying the chicken over rice, I understand why. 
I've never seen anyone get a gyro here- pretty much everyone gets the chicken over rice, and with good reason. The portion is generous, the rice is great and the sauces (white and hot) are indispensable. In a neighborhood full of halal, NYGT is clearly the best.The best place for a quick lunch that will fill you up. I swear I would eat here everyday if it was good for me. Basically for $5 you can get a Chicken Over Rice combo that is loaded with chicken and comes with a drink. I know there are a bunch of similar trucks around Philly, but none are as good or tasty. The chicken fills you up and the hot sauce is actually spicy so be prepared for that. FYI if you ask for "just a bit" spicy, he'll just smile and give you the normal amount. I love this place. There is a line sometimes and the dude does seem like he's sweating in there sometimes, but it doesn't stop me from coming here. He's pretty damn nice too, one time he just gave me some lamb pieces for free because he didn't have enough for half chicken and half lamb.
TL;DR: Cheap price, great food, will fill you up, best quick lunch here.I only write a review on Yelp when I'm extremely piss or extremely pleased. And this food truck is awesome. Like other comments said, cheap and tasty food. I love their chicken over rice. YummySuper cheap, filling, and good for when you need a fast and good lunch/carbs. I always go for the lamb/chicken combo at a ridiculously cheap price, which comes with some very flavorful meats with their delicious white sauce/hot sauce, a bed of yellow rice, a soda, and just some lettuce/tomato to make you feel like you might still be targeting all the food groups.Best halal truck I've found away from NYC. You can't beat their combo plate for $6!!I graduated from Penn two years ago, but I came back to visit this week. The first meal we had once we got to Philadelphia was the Chicken over Rice at New York Gyro Truck. I went here at least once a week while I was at Penn, and I try to hit up the truck every time I'm on campus (which isn't that much because I live in the San Francisco Bay Area). For just $5, you can get a filling meal with a drink. It's a great deal, as I can't ever finish the box in one sitting. This version of chicken and rice is different than the kind you find at New York food trucks, but I actually prefer this over those. Be sure to get the white sauce and the hot sauce (if you can handle the heat, but in my opinion, it's not that spicy). Sometimes, the owner even gives free falafel if the line is really long!Had this for lunch today. The chicken kebab over rice, with salad and tzatziki "white" sauce and a soda for only $5. They are quick, nice and make a tasty, economical lunch. Yes, I will come back when in UPenn area, as during week I work in Center City.It was located right next to Sugar Philly truck, which was my initial goal, but I needed food before dessert, so I decided to come here first. I passed it and then went back because it smelled good and there was a small line. I got the chicken over vegetable rice and with a soda, it's $5 bucks. The portion was abundant and flavorful. He put both the yogurt and hot sauce on the chicken and asked if I wanted any more hot sauce. Thankfully I said no, because it was pretty hot enough. I don't know why this place doesn't have any reviews, unless he relocates. Hopefully this will stir some up.OMG. The best chicken and rice (or I guess chicken and salad...) in the World. Or at least Philly. FYI he has moved. Don't be fooled by impostors at 38th & Walnut. Be sure to swing by the new address for Mr. Far Gyro's smile: 41st & Walnut.best food,friendly and warm person....
amazing amazing food cart 5/5 starsI really should have a million check-ins here however since this truck is parked right near the bf's place we usually run out grab platters and return home to devour the awesomeness!
And why wouldn't you do the same if knew you could get a huge amount of some of the best marinated, stewed, spiced (and Halal) chicken on top of a bed of yellow rice with some salad + a can of soda or juice for $5!!! 
The owner knows me by face (and by order) and already knows I like a bit extra salad, and only and extra, hot sauce on mine.
Maybe I'll surprise him next time and get a lamb/chicken combo... Naaah!!  Who am I kidding! he'll know I'll still want my usual!
A comment on the name - The taste isn't the same as what you may be used if you favorite the famous Halal Guys in NYC but it does it's own flavorful justice!
His business hours are something like 7 days a week, from around 10-11am-4:30pm (or earlier if he runs out of food)
Sometimes it can be unpredictable when he'll be around especially on Sundays, and I'm left super sad and craving a chicken and rice platter even more!!
Lastly, a random note -  I wish he would stop using styrofoam containers and switch to something more recyclable like the Halal Guys in NYC use.  Just my 2 cents being more green.  
Regardless, 5 stars all the way!The line is usually long but it moves quickly. The gentleman who serves you is always kind and has a pleasant smile.  NY Gyro cart is a great place to pick up food while on the go. The portions and price are a plus in this area. You can't beat a $5 meal with a can soda.   If you decide to visit, choose the chicken over rice platter.There are a LOT of chicken and rice food trucks on Penn's campus, and there are nearly indistinguishable with their identical green color theme and similar offerings. However, the chicken and rice truck (that moved to 41st and Walnut in front of Homewood Suites from its original location) is my favorite. The owner is always super friendly, and the food is super satisfying. Get it with both the red and white sauce (the owner actually seems a teensy disappointed every time someone shakes their head no at red sauce), and enjoy!Graduated over 5 years ago and still having dreams about this chicken over rice from heaven. First thing I get every time I visit, without fail.
I can go on and on about how amazingly marinated and flavorful the chicken is, but let's just say I spent 5 years at Penn and this is one of the best things about those 5 years. You're not gonna find something like this anywhere else. Cherish it while you can.The man who owns this truck is very sweet, beyond generous with portions, and his prices are amazing. 
His chicken (with rice or salad) is 4-5 star good- spicy and flavorful. The lamb is inconsistent- sometimes tender and delicious and sometimes greasy with crunchy outer layer. The falafel is very greasy. The vegetable over rice player is 65% basmati rice, 20% falafel (not pictured on menu item on truck), 10% salad (iceberg lettuce, onions, tomato), and 5% canned veggies (peas, green beans, chickpeas, carrots). Definitely not what I expected. 
If you are going for chicken, for the price this place cannot be beat, but the other items are inconsistent at best.I have been to many different halal food carts in New York (including The Halal Guys) and have been longing to try something similar here in Philly. This is the third halal cart I've been to and I believe my search is over!
As I approached the cart, I was welcomed with a friendly smile from the owner and a friendly price sign...$5 for a platter and drink of choice!!  I opted for my favorite and usual, chicken over rice with salad (lettuce, tomato, onion, cucumber) and red and white sauce. SO delicious!!!  I thought I would find myself comparing it to the likes of The Halal Guys, but this platter can be appreciated in its own right. The chicken is marinated vs. grilled and it doesn't come with pita, but it's still quite yummy without it. I enjoy spicy food and was pleased to find the red sauce spicy enough that it added more to the overall flavor vs overpowering the flavor.
I was there shortly after lunch rush so it was just me and one other customer being served.  Didn't have to wait at all.
Overall, this is a great, filling meal for the value and is highly recommended for those who like their food with a kick. I will most definitely be back!This is by far my favorite food truck on campus and by all means the best tasting chicken over rice around!
Pros:
-Delicious food! Seriously amazing
-The guy is really nice!
-Food is relative worth its price, and you get a soda with the chicken/lamb over rice
-Near Huntsman Hall and the High rises
-Opens early - usually around 10:30am
Cons:
-Catch the cart at the wrong time and the line is frighteningly long
-Food runs out sometimes by 3:30pm
-Cart closes before 5 (aka no dinner!)Updated Review: I was a fan of this food truck, especially their chicken over rice, but am sorry to say their quality has dipped (the spicy sauce has been replaced with some weird reddish-orange tomato ketchup). The owner is still awesome though! 
Old Review: New York Gyro truck may look identical to the other dozen Halal food trucks in the University City area, however it is unique in its own way. Situated off 41st and Walnut, this food truck is exclusively meant for people who crave spicy food and don't shy away from carbs. 
It is one of the few places who offer a separate veggie platter besides offering a falafel one. The portions are always generous, and the food gratifying; and on most days, you will get a free serving of chickpea curry over whichever platter you choose.
The owner is super friendly and remembers the order for all his regular customers including their sauce selections. He also offers free samplers to attract new people, which is both a sweet gesture and a great marketic strategy!
On $5 you can't get a better deal!I have always eaten at the cart at 19th and JFK but since moving to a new office, I have been eating here at least three times per/week.  CONSISTENT, TASTY AND EXCELLENT VALUE.  I prefer the combo rice without salad but the gyros are great and he does a nice falafel.Hands down most delicious chicken and rice I've ever had. These guys sprinkle magic on that chicken it's that damn good.Simply the best chicken over rice cart in Philly...better than Halal guys from NYC in my opinion. This guys speciality is the chicken , it's marinated in nice tandoor butter chickeny type gravy so it's not too dry like the other carts...always smiling in the heat or snow...this guy is simply awesome, portions are huge too..try with extra white sauce if u can't handle spice...his spicy sauce is not too hot, what more can u ask in $5/6 with a drink to go....highly recommended!!!I ordered the lamb gyro and chicken over rice.  The lamb itself is very good, however, the pita could not handle the mass amount of lamb, Tzatziki  sauce, hot sauce, lettuce, cucumber and tomato.  it collapsed almost immediately.  Great flavor but by far the messiest sandwich I ever ate.  It was a shame because the pita was very good.  I would order it again but with the pita on the side so i can assemble it myself.
Chicken over rice was very tasty, great flavor!  Rice was good too.  I think the lamb over the rice would be even better but chicken was excellent.  Good food and large portions. Gyro was $4.00  and the chicken with soda was 5 bucks.I was a regular here 5 years ago when I was a student and when it was at it's previous location. Came back here 5 years later and it's still as flavor rich as before. The best part of the truck is the spicy sauce which is so much better than ever other place!! You get more than what you pay for!Not only is this the best food truck in the city, it's one of the best places to eat lunch in Philadelphia, period. Portions are very generous, quality is incredible, and price is more than reasonable - I try to come here at least once a week.The best halal food truck (if not the best food truck) on campus! The guy is incredibly nice and always smiling. He remembers me and strikes up a conversation, even with the language barrier. Sometimes gives me a free falafel hot off the grill! His chicken and rice is super juicy, not just sauce drizzled on top (you'll see what I mean). Just a great option all around, but watch out for the ridiculous lines.Wow! I was trying to stop by the Sugar Philly Truck to get my usual milk n' honey macarons, but I paused near this truck cuz it smelled so damn GOOD! I do NOT regret getting a late lunch here at all- $6 for a generous container of saffron rice, lamb, chicken, and a little side of salad w/ tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.... lunch AND dinner is served.  I am blown away by how especially moist and well-spiced the chicken pieces are (the lamb is great too!)  I've had awesome chicken-over-rice at THE halal cart in NYC but this rivals that anyday... so weird to find it in Philly near UPenn....  Come here and try this with white sauce and a little bit of hot sauce too (great hot sauce flavor, i usually don't like spice but the cart man recommended i brave the heat, so i did...!)Tried this spot on my lunch break yesterday.
It's your standard halal food cart. I got the combo platter for $6.
It was a satisfying meal, the lamb was cooked right and had that nice crisp that I look for on these platters and the hot sauce on the chicken was spicier than most halal carts that I have tried, which is a good thing in my opinion. 
I would recommend this cart if you are a chicken and rice enthusiast, you'll be satisfied.
A great option for a tasty, quick and filling meal if you're trying to avoid some of the overpriced options in this area!Best cart food in Philly. Better than halal guys imo. The chicken over rice is quite good!Chicken over rice is the thing to get! Reasonably priced, $5 plus a drink. Very hardworking man and amiable. The food can last your two meals if you can resist stopping!The food was amazing! I loved the color and the look of the chicken over rice. The seasoning and taste was also spectacular. I will definitely be coming back here a lot!I'm hoping this is the right truck, as there seems to be a franchise of them which all look extremely the same in the area. I don't think this is the best gyro I've ever had, but  for a $3 meal, it puts fast food to shame. The white and red sauces combined for a flavorful mix of spiciness and creaminess. The pita could have been a bit crispier, and I'm usually a fan of some feta but hey, for three bucks and considering the fast service the quality of food was well worth what I paid for it.I always see this place with a line of 5-10 people. Lamb was better than most places in Philly, rice tasted as usual, but where it falls short is the lack of rice and veggies. Other places give you much more. It's bareable but I would go to one of the Halal carts by Drexel's dragon statue because you'll get more food.Needed lunch and started walking and saw a lot of people walking with bags....after stopping someone they pointed me up spruce to this food truck. Checked it out on Yelp and it  looked good.  Went with the recommended chicken and rice with white and red sauce....$5 for dish and drink...reviews weren't wrong...delicious. great stop!4.5 stars. There are a lot of halal carts in Philadelphia, and it can get difficult to pin down which ones are just good and which ones are great. So let me do the work for you. This one. Grab the chicken over rice, Grab your complimentary drink, drop just $5, and relish in one of the best and cheapest meals you can get not just at Penn but anywhere. 
The line can get long, and the guy makes food in batches. This is great for efficiency overall, but it can get frustrating when you're 1st in line, waiting for 4 other trays to be finished, and just have the smells of chicken and rice wafting right up in your face. If I had any other complaints about this truck, it would be that the hot sauce should be hotter. But then again, I'm a pepper fiend. The chicken is succulent and marinated just right and the sauces, rice, and lettuce meld together so well that you will devour your tray with no reservations.The best. I go to halal food carts all over the city and this one is the best. The guy is cool and is very efficient. He works hard. 
Get the chicken over rice with white and red sauce. If you like it spicy, get extra red sauce. The lamb is good too. It's the best $5 you'll ever spend.I had the chicken over rice plus a soda drink for only $5. Great food with great price and amount; will definitely come back often. The line was fine because there are a lot of similar food trucks around Penn's campus.best chicken over rice in university city. i love it with only hot sauce. prepare to wait in line during lunch time. but it worth the waiting！I'm also not sure why this doesn't get more reviews. Lines are long around lunchtime and it smells really good. Located next to Koja and Sugar Philly -- it's the perfect trio of trucks! The chicken and rice are both spicy -- maybe I shouldn't have gotten so much hot sauce on it...I'm burning now and trying not to drink my soda because I know soda is bad for me...but maybe I will succumb. I'm downing water by the bottle. Chicken is tender and flavorful, wish it came with more veggies!Delicious! Portion sizes are very generous. $5 for a large serving of chicken and rice including a drink. The chef/owner is very friendly and eager to offer guidance to newcomers.This truck is definitely the best food truck on Penn's campus and is a favorite among people in the area. It has much better quality food than the other NYG trucks. I usually get chicken over rice with a drink - it's a really large portion of food for $5. The tomatoes and lettuce that are included are always fresh & delicious and the meat is always top quality. Get both the white and hot sauces. You can also ask for slightly less hot sauce if you like it mild. The other thing that makes this truck so great is the owner. He's extremely friendly and always remembers repeat customers. I've been to the truck so many times, and he's never messed up my order or forgotten to give me utensils & napkins. It's also now open 7 days a week!I went here with my friends and I got the chicken over rice with both the white and red sauce. I wasn't able to finish the whole thing in one sitting, it's definitely worth the 5 bucks. I have been craving it today, going back soon!Best food cart on campus. $5 for a huge platter of chicken and lamb (or falafel, I like to switch things up from time to time) combo over rice. Free drink included with your meal!This might be the best halal truck in the city. I've tried plenty. Previously I favored the one on Temple's campus across from the student center but this is indeed better. Slightly slower service wise but they give you a lot of food and the guys are polite. I HIGHLY recommend this truck for you halal needs.Upenn, University City, Philly
It tastes pretty great! You don't have to have gone to all the lunch trucks in this area to realize this. Never been a fan of middle eastern food but I am now when I run into amazing flavors like here :-) By the way, I found a way to get drive through service by getting Youseff's number below. hahahaha. No waiting in line, no need to find parking and fast service: all resolved. You know me: Solutions, solutions, solutions. :-)Owner just recently moved from 38th and Walnut to 41st and Walnut. Told me he's feeling the difference in foot traffic. Please make the effort and walk the few blocks! Fantastic chicken over rice and a huge portion! He told me I would be back - and I will!!The best Halal cart in University City and perhaps the city. The guy used to be at 38th and Chestnut before moving to this location. I try to stop by once a week. 
 *Note: I thought the cart again moved, however he just got a new spiffy cart, and the usual cook is there less frequently, but it's the same great food.
The chicken pieces are bigger then most other carts and their marinade is spot on. The lamb chunks are big and tender. Their white and hot sauce is the best. Good people serving good food!Greatest of all time. You will fall to your knees and cry tears of joy after trying. I do, every time.For $5, you get a huge combo plate with meat, veggies, rice and a drink. How great is that! The chicken was flavorful and moist. And with a spicy kick. I love spicy food. Yum yum! There always seems to be a line here, but the man working here is nice, fast and efficient.Best halal truck ever! I spent 4 years at Penn going to his food truck at least once a week. I am the type that easily get tired of eating the same food over and over, and yet I could never get tired of the chicken over rice here. Chicken is very juicy and flavorful, the sauces are just right, the rice compliments the chicken perfectly, and best of all the owner is super friendly. I now live in New York and have tried many halal carts in both Philly and New York (even the famous Halal Guys) and still nothing beats the food at this place. If I ever go back to Philly, this will be one of my first stops. Highly recommended!Hands down the best New York Gyro truck on campus if you like spiciness, quantity and flavor.Value for money. The owner is very nice and food was good.He served fresh falafel. Good food will go back.Simply amazing. Blows Halal Guys by HamCo out of the water (especially because they don't have lamb at Halal Guys wtf) but I always get the lamb over rice with salad and white sauce only. The dental school orders in bulk (30+ at a time) for our seminars and club meetings and they'll hand you a bottle of white and red sauce to return later. Everyone's satisfied, full and gets to personalize it - would highly recommend! Also, his old truck is now on 43rd and Walnut with the old cook -- same company but the one on 43rd and Walnut is open even later (until 7:30 or 8 I believe!) Marinade is always on point, lamb is never dry and rice is always so fragrant~Better than most NYC halal by a long shot. I always get the chicken and rice platter. Chicken is spicy and flavorful. He does white sauce plus hot and it burns so good. Lines can get long and he's not fast, but you get SO MUCH FOOD plus a drink for $5. Best lunch value in UCity.Not getting white sauce was a mistake!! The spicy sauce is extremely spicy. Chicken plate was a lot better than the lamb, which tasted like lamb-flavored pieces of bread.Hands down, most affordable and best halal dishes in the area. Chicken and rice combo (plus a drink) for $5! Portions are more than generous and the chef is a really nice and approachable guy. He usually wraps up at around 5pm, so make sure you go earlier!This guy is very humble!  Chicken over rice is amazing and extra hot sauce if you want to sweat.  Love the gyro sandwich as well, but the chicken is the big draw here.While my friends think this New York Gyro Truck is the best place to get chicken and rice on Penn campus, I still prefer the chicken and rice truck near the Lower Quad.
Personally, I just really don't like the color of the chicken that is served here. I find it to be unusually red and unnatural looking. The overall taste of the chicken is fine, but the color just really throws me off. The standard spiciness of the chicken and rice platter here is a little bit more than what I'm used to as well.
This is not a food truck I would recommend to people if they are short on time. The cook prefers to make 5 - 6 platters at a time (whenever there's a line of people), so even if you're the next person in line to get your food, you need to wait for him to finish making the plates for the next 4 - 5 people as well. My friend and I waited in line for almost 15 minutes because of this.
Most of the people I know prefer this chicken and rice truck. I don't really get it.The chicken over rice is really tasty! It's $5 (includes a soda). At around lunch time, the line gets REALLY long cause it's so popular. I think he starts later and leaves earlier than other food trucks around the area.When I go back and visit Penn, this is the only place I demand to eat. No where else. Let me tell you, I've been spoiled, spending four years with this food truck. New York's Halal Guys got nothing on this man and his small operation.
This guy, he makes his food with love. He works a little slower than the other trucks, but he's handling the truck by himself and he does a great job. The chicken here is so succulent and marinated perfectly. The flavor is insane. The sauce is flavorful and he'll put however much you want on it. Can't get enough of the white sauce. Price is $5 and comes with a free drink.
The line gets long. The guy works his magic, which takes time, but oh I do not care if I need  to wait 45 minutes for this chicken & rice, I will do it. I miss this place so much. If only I could take this cart with me back to New York...This halal cart on 41st and Walnut is probably my favorite of the many around University City. It's a little out of the way from Penn's campus, but I live off campus pretty close to it and like getting food from here on my way back from class when I don't feel like cooking. I don't know how people living in the apartments right behind the cart resist eating there every day. 
One big plus is that unlike most of the other halal carts, this one is STILL $5 (with a drink included as expected); the only other one by Penn that is $5 is the one on 38th and Walnut. While you could just go to that one for the lower price, this cart stands out in other ways. I've found the service to be friendlier than the others; the man behind the cart has my order memorized (chicken over rice with extra salad, no cucumber) even though there's sometimes a whole month between my visits, he's given me little "samples" of lamb on a fork while I wait (maybe just cleaning the grill, maybe to entice me into getting a combo over rice instead of chicken, but still appreciated), and he's happy to have little conversations when it's less busy. I also think the food is a notch better than the other halal carts, since the chicken seems more moist and marinated and the quantity is bigger and enough to last me two meals. Unfortunately, they don't have the green sauce that some of the other carts have - I'm told that it's because not enough people ask for it, so I humbly request that you ask about it next time you visit and maybe we can get it added!The food is very good and fresh at this food truck. The guy is very pleasant. Service is fast and friendly.This is definitely my go-to food truck on campus.
I came here for the first time as a naive freshman, and two upperclassmen suggested this food truck for a gathering. At first, I was skeptical of the yellow rice and orange chicken--and sure, the meat is probably not the best quality--but damn, I never questioned it after that. The food was SO DELICIOUS and cheap ($5 for chicken and rice)! And can I just say that the food is always consistent, and he's always smiling. I only go to this food truck on average once or twice a week, but he sometimes has my order memorized! That was the ultimate dream when there are always 15-minute lines of 10+ people (who he serves 4-5 at a time, so pay attention when he's asking for your order even when you're not at the window!).This food truck was, hands down, my favorite place to get lunch when I used to live in Philly. Anyone could go on and on raving about this place, and they'd be justified in doing so, but the food speaks for itself. I will definitely be going back anytime I visit Philly in the future.This is the BEST cart in the city!  I drive from the burbs because I crave the lamb and chicken so much.  Get the combo w spicy and white sauce and your mouth will be bubbling w exciting flavors! At $6 for the combo and a drink its also the best deal in town. Amir, Mohammad, and Imran give great service w a smile and have a HUGE band of regulars like me every day.  Also, have gyros and falafel. 
Get over there quickly and you'll feel like your momma cooked the meal!It was ok, but nothing to go out of your way for. I rather drive to New York City . They have a bigger ratio of good carts thereStarted off on 38th and walnut more than 5 years ago and now moved to 41st and walnut. The journey might be a bit farther than the other food trucks but it is definitely worth the trip (especially since all the other trucks are selling their platters for $6 now). They don't skimp on the rice by putting salad onto one side of the plate either; the entire plate is filled with rice before you even see any green being tossed into the platter. Whether you get it drenched in white, hot, or barbeque sauce, know that you are getting the best halal truck chicken over rice in town. If you're feeling extra hungry, add some fresh fried falafel to your meal. Your body will thank you.
Disclaimer: Lamb is okay. Kinda greasy.Maybe this is irrational to say but the UCity food trucks were one of three things that kept me sane during my undergraduate career and to them I owe the world, much less a 5 star Yelp review. Yes, this was my first time at this particular truck and no, it wasn't distinct from any of the other halal trucks I've frequented, but hey. Cheap, quick, tasty, could probably last two meals but I was feeling woozy so I ate it all at once = all a girl can ask for. Thank you, I love you, and good night.At the start of my sophomore year at Penn back in 2012, my girlfriend told me about a small food truck at 38th and Walnut that I had to try. This was before I really tried any food trucks at Penn so I cluelessly walked to the truck with $5 in hand and instructions from my girlfriend to get something called "chicken and rice, with no salad."
I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say that first experience changed my life. It was easily the meal I had the most while at Penn and definitely the one I enjoyed the most. For $5, you get chicken over rice and a can of soda- an extremely filling meal. I spent a summer living in NYC and got to try the original Halal Guys chicken over rice but it just isn't the same. This food truck's chicken is marinated instead of grilled and the seasoning is absolutely delicious. 
I've had cravings for the chicken when I'm away from Penn for long periods of time. I'll definitely miss this food truck and can't wait to be back in the future.This is hands down the best gyro truck around! I get the chicken over rice all the time, and the portions are generous. The chicken is never shaved or anything (a prime indicator of cutting corners), it's just cut up into chunks. For six bucks, you can get that and a can of soda/bottled water, which on campus is an awesome deal. There is a bit of a line, but the man usually serves three customers at a time. 
The owner is very friendly. Last time I went a strung out dude started berating him and he never lost his cool.The only thing stopping this from getting 5 stars is the fact that the halal is no longer $5 :( (the one by Huntsman is still $5). However, I do like that they take Venmo/card, albeit charging an extra $0.50.
I really like halal food trucks. After being in New York and going to Halal Guys, I would say that the Philly halal food truck scene is probably better and cheaper than many Halal Guys branches.
Don't forget to get a drink (included in your meal).
Get chicken over rice.Mohammed is amazing. I go here way to often. Chicken over rice with extra white sauce. It's the go to.I literally created an account in order to leave this review. The best halal cart you will find in America, even after having lived in New York for years.Definitely a solid choice, loaded me up with more than I could eat and very normal flavors for halal. Love the price and conveniency of it... also they take Cash App and Venmo!This is as cheap as you're going to find halal food from a cart. Most places are at least $6 now, so I was excited when I found this place that has rice dishes for $5. They even have fish with rice for $5! Oddly the combo is $6... even though the lamb, chicken, falafel, and fish are all $5 and it isn't much more work to combo them. 
I got the lamb with rice and the fish with rice. The lamb was cut into big chunks and tasted great. I've never really seen fish at a halal cart so it was a nice meal to try. It was a little weird eating it over rice with my white sauce and BBQ sauce, but it was good and is something I would consider getting again. I would get less sauce so you can enjoy the fish. The rice does come with some onions, which I wasn't a huge fan of. The gentleman that made my food was very nice, so that's always a plus!I've had a few chicken and rice dishes from carts around the city. This? Im not feelin it. They don't give you enough rice and their chicken is really nothing to rave about. 
What makes these dishes so popular are their infamous red and white sauces. The white sauce is supposed to have a nice thick and creamy consistency to it. The red? Well its supposed to be spicy and hotttt. 
My dish's white sauce tasted way too much like watered down ranch. And my red sauce was sooooo watery! It wasnt even spicy :'( so sad.Had the lamb gyro and it was absolutely outstanding. That and a bottle of water was only $5 which by itself surprised me. The gyro had great flavor and the spices perfectly complemented it. Word of warning with this one though: either don't wear a white shirt or be very careful. It could get messy.There's too much to say about the halal chicken and rice food truck to put in a coherent review, so let's go through this review in point form: 
1. If you were on death row and had one last meal - you'd get the halal chicken and rice and die smiling. 
2. The halal chicken and rice singlehandedly carries Penn in the US News Rankings. 
3. Heart disease is a small price to pay for halal chicken and rice. 
4. Halal chicken and rice is easily better than at least 95% of the people you'll meet at Penn. 
5. I don't know what they put in their sauce but I swear it must be opioids because there is no universe where something legal tastes this good. 
6. I've heard only good things about the other items on the menu like lamb - their only failing is that they are demi-gods living in the shadow of the one true god of halal chicken and rice. 
7. F*ck the Rocky Steps - the halal chicken and rice should be the true Philly international landmark. 
8. The dude who mans the halal chicken and rice foodtruck is the real best girl. 
9. Legends say that you can smell the halal chicken and rice food truck before you see it. Like the sirens of Greek Mythology, the smells lure weary dopamine-starved Penn students from far and wide - but unlike the sirens of ancient Greece who existed only to f*ck over sailors, the halal food truck only offers you delicious chicken and rice. 
10. Pictures of halal chicken and rice consists of easily 10% of the pictures on my phone. 
11. I have fonder memories of eating halal chicken and rice than my college graduation. 
12. Dead bird with geographically ambiguous sauces has no right to taste this good. 
13. It is $5. A single Benjamin can buy you 20 boxes of halal chicken and rice. Thank you Benjamin. 
14. Here's a real lifehack - an extra dollar gets you an extra 50% of chicken. That's a measly 20% increase in cost for additional 50% return. They don't teach you that sh*t at Wharton. 
15. Sometimes I have dreams about eating this halal chicken and rice and then I wake up and have tears in my eyes because I'm currently working halfway across the world from the most meaningful relationship I have created during my time at college.
16. I distinctly remember crying after my first bite of halal chicken and rice. 
17. Genuinely believe that if everyone in the world had the means and opportunity to sit and eat this halal chicken and rice together in peace - we'd have a lot less f*cking problems.The best halal food truck in University City. The halal mix veggie and falafel over rice are just out of this world. Perfect flavor. Sauces are good. Sometimes the red can be a little too intense for me, but the white sauce is perfect. 
Always friendly service with a smile. Obviously, a great price point for all of the food that you receive. Highly recommend this place!