Stumbled upon this place and will be going back. Food is pretty elevated for a brewery! Had duck hush puppies for that were soooo goodNew Ridge Brewing you are really remarkable, I had a lovely experience here today. The atmosphere was casual and friendly. The menu is really fantastic, plenty of good choices, I had to go with Berliner Weiss, and it was amazing. And also, the service was amazing and the staff was very courteous. I'll definitely be coming back to New Ridge Brewing.Great addition to the neighborhood! They have a really nice outdoor area and have adapted well to the current COVID requirements. Service is excellent and the beer is  surprisingly good for a new brewery. I look forward to coming back soon and trying new beers!Beer, food & service were all top notch!
This place is amazing! Came here for lunch on a cold day and sat in their cute outside area with a heater to keep us warm. They started off with a complementary sample of their Russian Imperial Stout which was delicious! I had the porter and pork belly bahn mi - both so good! My husband had the IPA and burger - after one bite he said "this may be the best burger I have ever had!". The staff were super friendly and we even got to meet the head brewer who was great to talk to! We will definitely be back!!We stopped in on Friday, our first time to this new gem on the ridge. We sat outside, because COVID, but would have chosen to do so regardless. Their outdoor seating extends into the green Stormwater infrastructure pocket park, and it is the perfect setting for a few beers and lunch. 
We had the Schnitzel sandwich, a plate of mixed sausages, fries, some pumpkin beer along with a Weiss. Everything was great, and the staff was super friendly. Can't wait to hit this place up again.Best place to go to for an amazing drink, great food and even better service!! Everyone is super friendly and accommodating! Would highly recommend going for happy hourLimited but really tasty food menu. Small selection of beer in Draft but good. Staff very good. Experience always makes me return.You may have spotted a new eye-catching mural on Ridge Ave., and alongside this mural you'll find the newest neighborhood brewery- New Ridge Brewing Co.! With an outdoor patio and "garden" seating - this location is perfect for outdoor dining! Beer fans, you'll want to add this one to your list. The Tangerine Berliner is fruity and a little tart - perfect for a day at the shore. The Oktoberfest is lighter in both color and flavor than a typical Oktoberfest, which makes it crisp and refreshing. The Product of This Modern Haze is hoppy and citrusy and packs a punch at 7.2% ABV! The Zwickelbier is perfect for that person in your crew who "doesn't like craft beer" (looking at you mom and dad) - light and goes down smooth. 
The thick and creamy smoked blue cheese was the highlight of the chicken wings. This was the perfect way to cool off the spicy/sweet combo of the miso hot sauce. Be prepared to get your hands messy, as you'll have to break down the full wing into drums and flats. 
Pro tip: with a rotating tap, make sure to check out their Instagram for updates on what's coming and going. I just missed the Pumpkin Ale, so I'll definitely be back to give that a try! Also, if you're not a beer drinker, they have added cocktails and wine to their menu!Been waiting for New Ridge to open, and so excited that the time is finally here!! The space inside is beautiful, you can tell they put a lot of love and effort into it and I can't wait to be able to be in there. Picked up beer today and were really impressed with the measures they are going through to be safe - and the beer was really good!! We've already gone back to pick up more. Happy to have this spot in the neighborhood :)Lovely gem in Roxborough with good unique drinks and a hell of a burger. That's the only thing I've gotten from there so far, but it did not disappoint. Got a little messy, but well worth itMy first time eating out since Covid and New Ridge did not disappoint. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable, and extremely friendly. The beer which is brewed right on site was delicious and the food was spot on. My wife and I shared the chicken schnitzel and the burger, both were excellent and as an appetizer we had wings. The wing sauce was wonderful and the blue cheese is homemade as well. 
Our family has been very strict on social distancing measures and eating out and I felt extremely safe on the patio and the entire staff was wearing PPE. I can't wait to go back and try the mussels which I hear are amazing. Psyched to have an awesome spot like this on Ridge Ave!The beer is phenomenal and the food is absolutely amazing.  Would never have expected such amazing food at a brewery.  And the prices are beyond reasonable for the quality of the food and beer.
The out door patio is very nice and the heat lamps keep you warm even on the coldest days.  Definitely worth a visit.Awesome beer and great service. We enjoyed the patio seating in pretzel park. Plenty of umbrellas and shade too. When we were there, the kitchen wasn't running yet. We can't wait to get back and try the food.If you are looking for a place to gather, drink, or enjoy some delightful food, New Ridge Brewing is the place for you. The beer, whisky, and food I sampled were all very good. What's more, the staff was friendly and the environment was fun and inviting. The most popular item seems to be the burger and I would definitely recommend ordering it when visiting. Just be sure to tell the server your preference regarding meat "doneness". I made the mistake of not telling my server I liked my burgers served medium-rare to medium and wound up with medium-well-done. Bottom line - a must try establishment in Roxborough for beer, food, or simply just a fun time.This place is so cute. Went here with friends last weekend. They estimated our wait at like 25-30min but our table was ready in around 15min. They have sidewalk and patio seating. While we waited, they let us sample our choice of beer (I'm not a beer fan so I didn't love the biere de cacao but that's just me). When we sat down, I ordered a spritzy boy, which was pretty decent, while my friends ordered the rojo Nuevo - they loved it so much that they got growlers to go. One also had chicken wings which he said were really good and crab cakes, which were also good but a pretty small portion for the price. Our waiter was great - had good recommendations and told us all about the place and the owners' beer brewing. I recommend checking it out if you're in the area.The Critical Winers were in the area and looking for a place to grab a meal.  New Ridge Brewery popped up in a search and Mrs. Winer and I said let's try it.  Well, it was really good.  I had a great beer, a Tripel $6.50, and Mrs. had a vodka drink that was also quite good.  The mussels were terrific (with pieces of bacon and some red pepper) and so was the octopus with a really good harissa and aioli sauce on the fingerling potatoes that came with it.  We also ordered the special toast with a seafood topping that was a little too finely chopped and needed a little more zip.  The folks working there were really welcoming and made us feel quite at home.  The place has a new concrete bar and the whole place is painted the currently in style gray.  It's a great take on an upscale pub, bright and airy with lots of outdoor seating. Nice murals on the walls outside, too, in the pocket park. Next time we'll go for the burgers which looked really good.  Nothing to "whine" about here.What a great new spot. Beer is excellent and brewed right on site. Local family owned great people. I splashed some sauce on my shirt and the manager Laura cane right back with some soda water and a towel for me to clean up. Highly recommend this place.I LOVE this place!! The beer is great, and the food is even better. Now that it's patio season this is definitely the spot to be. It's located in the little pocket park on Ridge Ave so you get to enjoy a nice view of the murals and pretty flowers. The inside was also really cool and spacious. Can't wait to sit at the massive bar once restrictions are lifted! 
The menu is by far the best menu I've ever seen at a brewery. I like to think of it as a restaurant with a brewery attached :) We started off with the Brisket Board special and wow - it was melt in your mouth amazing. Even the sides of pasta salad and cornbread were excellent. We sent our compliments to the Chef and he came outside to talk about the menu with us, which was much appreciated! His name was Nate and he was awesome and insisted we try the Oyster and Scallops. Sooo glad we did! They were both fresh and delicious. 
Lastly, the service here is just impeccable. Everyone is super friendly and knowledgeable of the beers & menu. Our server, Jessie, was fantastic and attentive! Overall a 10/10 visit. I can't recommend New Ridge enough!Great addition to Ridge Ave and the Roxborough neighborhood. Super yummy cold beers and a friendly staff. The food was above average for a small brewery. A good amount of outside dining which will be perfect for this summer. If your looking for a new spot check this place out.It's Awesome. Great service. Indoor or outdoor seating. Great brews and food was on point (mussels, burger, fries). Go here.The food was very mediocre. I got the burger with slab of bacon and it just fell apart trying to eat it. Had to eat it with a fork and knife. Also had their fries which were over seasoned with paprika. For dessert we tried their pumpkin cheese cake which was just another disappointment. Staff was friendly though and Venue was nice. I did not have any of their drinks so cannot comment on that. Would not recommend their food though from my experience.What a find. This place came highly recommended and didn't disappoint. Mussels and the broth had a nice kick to it. They chargrilled the bread which was perfect for dipping. Fries come with a nice aioli sauce.  They were out of the west coast IPA which was disappointing, but the New England one was decent.Great beer, yummy food, excellent service. They even had time to give water to the pups! The blueberry lemon cocktail was delicious, the burger was great and the fries are unbelievable. The white sauce is out of this world. I ordered the BLT Special and while it was good, it wasn't worth $14. Despite being very busy, the hostesses were efficient with seating and the service was prompt as well.Super nice peeps and very nice beer selection. Took home an East Coast and West Coast IPA and both the German style wheat beers...something for everyone!  Will be back to have food and beverages weather permitting!New Ridge Brewing is a great addition to the neighborhood of Roxborough! Their outdoor seating is quaint and gives off a very chill vibe. The menu is small, but everything seems to be very tasty based on what I've tried and heard! The staff is extremely friendly and they really seem to get to know their customers. Highly recommend!Had a great evening here! Fries and cocktails were excellent.  Solid burger and chicken sandwich.  Mussels were very good as well!What a pleasure to write this review of a wonderful new brewery & restaurant in the Roxborough section of Philadelphia.  New Ridge Brewery is a total winner.  First of all it looks great on a pedestrian walkway with its colorful adornment and outside & inside dining and drinking areas.   And it is so friendly from the moment you set foot in its vicinity.  On a nice summer day we chose to eat outside in one of their pandemic designed cabana booths.  And that brought the cool and helpful waiter John to us.
New Ridge has already become famous for its hamburgers  and indeed my friend's hamburger tasted excellent. (He let me have a bite.)  Now here's a kicker, I didn't completely care for my dish and I'll explain why.  I ordered the maitake vegan burger and as much as I love maitake, I did not care for the bbq sauce.  You see it was heavily tasting of molasses and going forward forever in the future I will abide by the fact - I don't like molasses.  Maybe it is a taste that Americans grow up with and love, but Austrian taste buds are just not in tune with  it.  I scraped as much of it off as I could off and then managed to enjoy my meal. The bowl of shoestring fries were simply tasty and generously portioned.  Of  course a couple of summer brews crafted at the brewery provided the liquid  accompaniment.
I would easily go back to this welcome new establishment in Northwest Philly .... and I'm pretty sure I def will!Was hoping this place was gonna be a gem...instead it was ok...Beer was average.. My son rated his Bahn Mi a 3 outta 5... My burger was pretty good..Very salty and the $3 for the little bit of added bacon was a ripoff.. Fries were excellent.. better beer would bring me back...I love New Ridge Brewing! The only reason it's taken me so long to post a big 'ol five star review is that I was kindly treated to my first meal on the house during the friends and family preview. Since then, I've returned with my husband for beer pick-ups. On Sunday, we decided to treat ourselves to a meal after our hike along the Wissahickon. 
It didn't take us long to decide on our order. The menu is short but packed with delicious eats. We shared the pimento cheese (a must!) and fries (liberally seasoned and plentiful!). I had the burger while my man opted for the chicken schnitzel. Both sandwiches were stacked and you can't go wrong with either one. I was super happy with our early dinner. Though I stuck with Pellegrino, my husband enjoyed his dunkel so much he also got a crowler to-go. 
The patio seating is bomb because of the pretty murals and toasty heaters. I can't wait for normalcy to return so we can cozy up inside; the interior is super inviting. If you haven't already checked out this gem, add it to your list of businesses to support this winter. Their beer is great and the food is equally delicious.AMAZING!! A much needed addition to Roxborough and a must visit! The beer is unbelievable. Varied styles are available on draft and in crowlers for take out. The food was excellent!
We visited for a late lunch on the patio. There were a few other tables there during our visit, but the spacing made us feel very comfortable and all patrons were very respectful of COVID guidelines, masks and distancing. The patio set up is super cute with lots of fresh flowers. Each table has a giant umbrella which provided shade and rain coverage (it drizzled for a bit of our visit). 
Laura was our server. She was extremely friendly and attentive (I think she's the front of house manager and serving while only outside dining is permitted).
BEER:
We tasted the Helles, the IPA, the Berliner Weiss, and the Coffee Stout. Every. Single. One. was well crafted, balanced, and will certainly be revisited. I had the Berliner since it was a hot day. It was light and the perfect amount of refreshingly tart, without overwhelming the tastebuds. The coffee stout may just be the best damn one I've ever had. The Helles and the IPA are exactly what you want them to be and will please even the non-craft beer regulars. 
FOOD:
We had the green meadow farm salad, the pimento board, and the schnitzel sandwich with a side of small fries. Everything was fresh and delicious; the portions were great. I want to highlight a favorite item, but it was all so great and each had an inventive twist. Favorite parts of each dish? The pickled beans on the salad, the everything crackers with the pimento board, the juicy chicken of sandwich. 
I am not quite ready to dine outdoors, but New Ridge made it feel super safe; every precaution was taken. If you're like me and hesitant, definitely still check them out now and get some take out beer. Support this place! A new neighborhood staple for sure!So excited to have stumbled upon this place - will definitely be coming back!!
They don't take reservations but said that we could call and put our name on the list so that's what we did. It was a Friday night at 6:10 when I called. We probably waited about 45ish minutes. We were seated outside. A really nice set up
I got the burger and thought it was delicious. My fiancé got the snitzel and also really liked it.  Beers and cocktails were also great!New Ridge is an awesome new brewery. Sadly we didn't get to eat during our last visit but the food looked awesome. The beer selection was great but somewhat limited (I think there were 4 beers on tap or so), but I loved that they also had a big wine/cocktail selection. Overall cool vibe and will definitely he back.Great beer, great food and a really great outdoor seating area. Burger was amazing, same for the wings. Glad to see a great new spot on Ridge.Love this little gem! Great beer, incredible food! Love love love that everything is locally and responsibly sourced. The staff is so friendly, it's incredibly clean and they have a decent amount of seats considering the amount of space they have. Thanks for opening up New Ridge, you're my new favorite spot!If I could give ya 5 million stars I would one word and only one word amazing took my family to see what this brewery had to offer and let me tell you they left me with out words but one amazing if you in the kitchen biz and you come eat here you'll def know that love and lots of love was put in every bite first time here today we tried to order the whole menu but we was only 2 adults and 2 babies but I'm telling you this place it's amazing first time and def not the last and the chef came to say hi and gave me a free six pack I'm telling you amazingExtremely friendly staff! Great brews! Beautiful ambiance! It's a must try on a nice sunny day!Excellent beer, service, and environment! We had such a great experience and we cant wait to go back. 
Highly recommend the modern haze!!Another great brewery in the Manayunk/Roxborough area! New Ridge Brewing is a serious spot to grab great beer with food to match.
I am a big fan of the Keller Pils and Maibock these folks are brewing up, but honestly I have not had an off beer yet, even the Rojo Nuevo imperial farmers ale is too easy to drink!
For food, I love the burger, poutine and the Chicken Wings. All aspects of this food is fresh and vibrant, this is not your everyday bar food (which I love). Honestly it is crazy how good the food is, and they just happen to make killer beer too.
The atmosphere is great, be sure to spend some time waiting for a table out in the alley looking at the huge wall murals surrounding the brewery. I also read they opened up bar seating this afternoon.
I am looking forward to grabbing a seat at the bar this weekend and enjoying a few pints. Hope to see you guys there!I'm happy to finally have a brewery in the neighborhood to walk to! The place is beautiful and the beer is delicious! Small menu ( beer & food ) but they're new and i look forward to try more options. The owner Vince and server Laura were wonderful and they truly made us feel right at home. Can't wait to come back!Love the new brewery, service is stellar, oysters are delicious, all the food is killer. Solid burger, I got the shrimp and grits twice already. The chef is from Sean Brock's Husk. Price point for the quality of ingredients is the best part. They use green meadow farm for their local specialty ingredients. 
I am just so happy to have this rockin establishment in the neighborhood. Great great addition. 
I'm a real beer snob but this fully surpassed my expectations. The hazy ipa was on par with some of my favorite breweries in and around the city.Always consistent service. Always a great experience. Beer variety is good. Other drink selection is solid. Food is creative and delicious. I highly recommend.Walked up Saturday nite had to wait for outdoor table.  They gave us a free sample of their brews which were very tasty.  Outdoor seating area is very nice with murals on both walls in alley way.  Food was excellent with wife having mussels and me with schnitzel.  Will come back soon.We ordered here for lunch and I wish I would have taken pictures of each item , but the food didn't stand a chance because it looked so delicious ! We tried a few menu items all delicious and the poutine fries were my fave !!! Not to mention when we ordered , they were so nice and called back letting us know an item wasn't available . And not only did they remove it from the bill but gave us a gift card toward it for next time . Little things like that make a place great !!! Will be a repeat customer for sure !Phenomenal beer. Excellent food. Great people. Still working on the operations as a new company but already offer better service and food than most other establishments in the area. So excited they're on Ridge. I'm sure it will only get better.Not only was the food and beer delicious, the friendly and attentive service will have us coming back many times! We tried the maitake sandwich (crispy and satisfying), the fish sandwich, and the yummy beignets. Stellar!If you want good service, an amazing chicken Sammy and a tasty cocktail you have found it. Don't shy away if you are not a beer drinker, you'll find something tasty. Sit at the bar watch some football and shut up and be full.We just had a fantastic Sunday dinner here. Had the pimento toast and Garden salad for starters. Both so fresh and wonderful use of fresh veggies and amazing cheeses. The burger was pure Heaven-- juice and delicious in a secret sauce on perfect roll. Chicken wings were sticky and tasty. Tried the pumpkin ale and English Porter and loved them both. Lots of spacious outdoor seating too . We shall return!Don't be fooled, this is no ordinary brewery. The staff is stellar! Jessie, Harrison, and Patrick were knowledgeable and attentive, but not at all intrusive. Chef Nate is inspired. The menu is limited, but packs a big punch. If your preference is a burger with your brew, or any of the other well conceived, delish cocktails, you can have that here. If you're more adventurous, I think you'll be pleased by the offerings. Pastry chef Nic's delectable delights are the perfect ending to a superb dining experience at this lovely little neighborhood gem.Stopped in for a quick bite and a beer.  They had seating outside with heaters.  Ordered a flight and was surprised to find that all of the samples were very good.  Also had the pork belly sandwich and found it very good.Great staff, great brews, solid homemade chips & other happy hour incentives (even on a Friday!) 
Good to see Rox getting a little more of this atmosphere!I echo most of what I have read below. This is a big-time addition and improvement to the dining scene in Roxborough. To be so crowded midweek in August, when almost everyone seems to be on the boardwalks and beaches, is no small feat. The beer selection is great, of course. Nico's Thunder is an awesome dark beer with lots of flavor. We thoroughly enjoyed the charcuterie board, shoestring fries (huge portion), oysters, scallop credo, tomato salad and, especially, the vegan cheeseburger, which tastes like the real thing. And the staff is super-friendly, from the hostess to the runners to our server, Jack M. So many other restaurants are understaffed now because of extended unemployed benefits, but not New Ridge. highly recommended!I have come here a few times for take out beer and have always been greeted in a friendly way and offered an opportunity to taste something. The place just has a really good vibe. The beer is excellent too. On Father's Day my wife and I stopped in with two of our kids in the afternoon. The service was really good even though the place was pretty crowded and it didn't look like they had a ton of people working. We had some mussels - which were amazing - and a couple of drinks. Neither of my kids are much into beer so they ordered cocktails and both said they were great. I definitely plan on coming back to try more of the food options. Really happy that this place is not far from where I live.Great beers and service. I'm so happy they opened up here in Roxborough. The location is adorable and they follow all the social distancing guidelines. Their Pilsner is delicious and tastes like a traditional German Pilsner should. Their food is very good too. This place rocks!After multiple visits to New Ridge, I finally had time to sit down to write the review their deserved.  Cliff notes: amazing staff with tasty high value options.  Bonus local advice: come for happy hour and stay for dinner.
As I wouldn't call myself a beer guy, having a new brewery in town was neat but nothing over the top.  During their early days, I would grab a drink with friends then head on to other eateries.  Once they established their menu, that changed.  While they have a few menu items locked in, they rotate quite a few based on seasonal availability.  I love this rotation since it means I nearly always have something new to try.  As luck would have it, my favorite, the Schnitzel, is a menu main stay so I also have a fall back option.
Their happy hour is a solid deal as well.  I believe it runs until 6pm and offers $1 off beers, usually has a specialty cocktail you can enjoy if you aren't into beer, and also includes a new small bite every week.  Their happy hour also features a smaller version of their burger (in regular and vegan form) if you aren't too hungry or want to test them out before a larger commitment.
I'll round off the review the way I started it: the staff and service.  I've never experienced anything but excellent from the host/hostess to the servers (and even a visit from the manager from time to time).  Friendly and easy going yet still focused on ensuring you are enjoying your meal and time their.  I'm not quite a regular yet, but do frequent a few times a month!