Rainy Saturday decided to get delivery. Considering the weather, the deliver was really fast. I got a rack of ribs which were pretty good, no complaints on the sauce either. French fries came with platter and were very good as well.
The girl got a chicken caesar salad. She didn't have any really complains about it. A little of the pricy side for a salad, something like $12-13. All things considered really solid place.Got the full rack of ribs and caesar salad which was dinner for two delivered for around $20 with tip ... Ribs are amazing, not over sauced, meat falling off bones ... Yum!!!!Guess what, y'all? I lost like 5 or 6 pounds recently. I feel thinner, I can fit into more pants...it's awesome. Except for one tiny thing - I have no food in my house and decided to order lunch from this place. Whoops, there goes my weight loss. 
Nick's rules, hands-down. I love really good BBQ and although I've yet to try their platters everything that I've tasted was awesome. I'm not the biggest cheesesteak fan but I seriously order the Nick's special sandwich (filet, sauteed spinach, provolone on a Sarcone's roll) every single time because it's divine. In case you couldn't gather from the name, everything they cook is char-broiled (except for like fries, etc...you can't really grill those) so it feels a lot healthier than a typical cheesesteak. The filet is really tender, the spinach is seasoned perfectly, and the cheese isn't overwhelmingly sharp. It's just super good. Huge, and I did eat almost all of it (oops). 
The wings get a lot of flack but you know what? They're grilled. They aren't deep fried pieces of artery-clogging heaven. Don't compare them to deep fried wings because you can't. I've never had a grilled wing before but for what they are, they are good and the wings retain a lot of flavor. If you go in expecting your typical wing then yeah, you probably won't like them. But if you're ready to try them prepared a new way then there is a chance Nick's Charcoal Pit may make a convert out of you.
Awesome onion rings, too. 
I usually get delivery so I can't comment on the decor but I know they have a large delivery radius, including Bella Vista. Since things are grilled and not fried it takes slightly longer than some places but it is well worth the wait.Ok ribs but the tiniest chicken wings on earth! Portions ok not the most generous on earth and sausage sans which dry and burnt... Got the order wrong after I repeated it 4 times!This is BY FAR the best place for delivery in South Philly outside of a pizza place or two.  I have never had a bad meal here and their portions are spot on too.  It may seem pricy, but you definitely get what you pay for.
Everything here is fresh.  There is never that frozen-food taste and everything is made to order.
I love that their wings are grilled and not fried.  Not only is the sauce on them amazing, but knowing that they weren't saturated in oil is also a good thing.Love their food, their salads were the best, and since they raised the prices on their salads it would be nice if they included some salad, they used to have good salads, definitely not worth the money or the price increase.Had the boneless BBQ rib sandwich, BBQ wings and flounder platter.  The best thing I can say is that it came fast on a Saturday night.  Their BBQ is more KC style (vinegary taste).  Everything was very plain, fish had no flavor, BBQ rib sandwich tasted like a microwaved meat patty.  Will definitely be ordering from Phoebe's next time...it's not even in the same league, sorry.I love this place! The food is consistently good, fresh and delicious.  I usually order the steaks or the baby back ribs. The steaks are good but usually a bit overlooked so I learned to ask for medium instead of medium well (you have to work with people:). The baby back ribs are lean and so tender. I love that their food is never fatty or greasy. Do yourself a favor and substitute for the onion rings and spinach. Yum! Best take out onion rings you can get! Also, I've never had a problem with my food being delivered quickly.Start with the good:
-Prices are very reasonable.
-The sausage sandwich was great (had spinach on it... It was great)
Now the bad:
-For as slow as it was it seemed to take a long time.
-Wife ordered a New York steak. They didn't have any so she took the filet mignon. She asked medium rare. It was medium at best in some spots, well done in others. No seasoning. This was probably the worst steak she's ever had. Even a steak cooked by a bind-drunk man without a watch wouldn't taste this bad.
-The fried ravioli were unforgettable only because how gross they were. No real flavor other than the breaded part that was fried.
Would I go back? Yes, but never for the steak.The menu has wings, burgers, ribs, and chicken sandwiches but who was I to say no to their signature: filet mignon on a sandwich. In a city where bread is often piled with chopped steak or brisket and pulled or sliced pork - having a sandwich featuring thick slices of steak is a nice change. I got mine on the seeded Sarcone's bread with tomato, onions, and cheese (a bit over $10 after tax). The steak was simply seasoned, but not lacking flavor and cooked well so that it wasn't hard to manage inside the sandwich.
If I were to return to Nick's, I would head straight back to this guy and not even bother trying anything else. Nick's is mostly a takeout spot and my sandwich was ready pretty quicklyBy far the best BBQ in the city.  I live one block from Nick's and eat here at least twice a week.  The food is high quality and always exceptional.  The filet minion cheesesteak is amazing.  The ribs are great as well.  The owner is always courteous and so is his staff.  They are AMAZING.  I made the mistake of ordering from Phoebes only after knowing Nick's was closed (will never make that mistake again) see my Phoebes review.  Nick's really does have a high quality and flavorful menu!!!Something changed and they are back to being A number one super duper! No more stale rolls or sad dry ribs. Everything is very fresh and prepared well. The staff is nice people, too which means a lot when you see them as much as we do.  (this is an update of a sad 2014 revw)Best wings I've ever had in Philly.  Not crazy about the wall size mirror reminding me that I should have went to Fuel, though.In the tradition of S Philly sandwich places - Nicks is in the convo.  Particularity w/Chicken sandwiches.  Enough said.I was looking for good BBQ ribs in South Philly and thought Nick's would be the joint. I really wanted to like this place since it's close to home! Unfortunately 4 out of 5 stars is misleading (at least when it comes to the ribs) and I was left disappointed. My suggestion is to try their sandwiches instead. They say the Nick's Special is really good.
According to their menu Nick's was voted "best ribs in South Philly," but it's not clear by whom and exactly when this award was given. (This may have more to do with the lack of competition in the area than anything else.) I got the rib platter and, despite eating in, was met with a styrofoam take out box containing chewy meat; sauce that had way too much vinegar; very ordinary fries; and coleslaw that tasted like the grocery store variety. On the positive side the staff was very friendly, and if you like old-school South Philly "charm" this place is brimming with it!Best greek salad with grilled chicken! very generous portions and deliciois!First, I'll say that I want to give this place a second chance. But I'm very hesitant.
Last night was the first time that my husband and I ordered from Nick's, but we've always thought the prices were pretty reasonable and how bad could it really be? I wish I read comments on yelp first (rather than just judging by how many stars it had). I ordered the boneless rib sandwich, expecting from a "BBQ Pit" to get rib meat right off the bone in a sandwich. I was so excited for rib meat, because I was craving it last night -- I didn't get ribs because we are on a tight budget. 
Unfortunately, when we got home and I unwrapped my sandwich, I was extremely disappointed to find four processed-meat McRib patties. This is good if you're hungry and don't care about eating processed meats because it is a good price... But I would expect to get real whole meat from a place that sells itself as a BBQ pit. It casts a shadow over my impression of the rest of the menu, despite reviews. The meat sat like a rock in my stomach, and I regretted eating just over half -- I gave the rest to my husband because I was so sad I was eating it. He got a chicken sandwich for himself and seemed to enjoy it (it was a whole piece of chicken breast). I didn't get a chance to taste it for myself.
I really wish we went to Dave's BBQ instead, over on Columbus, even if it is more expensive. We also tossed around splitting something from Percy Street BBQ on South Street. 
I will say that the broccoli bites that we also got were pretty good, nice and cheesy.I'm almost hesitant to review Nick's because I don't want them to blow up - but it's too good not to share with others, and I want these guys to shine.
To start, all of their sandwiches are served on Sarcone's kaiser or long rolls.  They're already on a roll......(bad joke, I know).   You can choose from any number of meats on a sandwich, order some ribs, wings, fries, etc.  I decided to branch out a bit when I saw they were serving a swordfish sandwich for a mere $6.75.  
The lady who took our order over the phone was incredibly nice, and when I inquired as to what "Nick's Special Sauce" was like, she confidently replied, "You'll love it."  
And that I did.  The swordfish was surprisingly fresh and delicious, served on the kaiser roll.  And the Special Sauce?  It's the kind of sauce that complements any kind of Mediterranean seafood dish well - olive oil, lemon, garlic, and plenty of spices.  My boyfriend ordered the country chicken sandwich (chicken, bacon, provolone, honey mustard) on a long roll, which was definitely enough for two meals.
I think we'll definitely be ordering some of the ribs for future baseball or football parties.  I don't know who you are Nick, but your food rules.Absolutely disgusting and an incomplete order.  Probably the only thing that was palatable would have been the soda, which wasn't delivered.
Despite our offer of returning the entire order, they tried to bargain themselves our of the situation by offering me $10 off an inedible meal?!?!?!
The sad part is, we used to order from these guys when our group worked overtime at Packer Marine Terminal quite frequently.  Back in the day, it was always tip-top.  What they served tonight and coupled with their response, was a war crime.
BE WARNED!  THIS IS NOT THE SAME NICK'S YOU'VE ORDERED FROM IN THE PAST!!!I stumbled upon Nick's when I was still living in True South Philly (below Tasker) . I was riding my bike up 13th one day and I smelled the most wonderful aroma of chicken on the grill. My nose brought me to Nick's steps and I pretty much pressed my face on the glass before I instantly decided to go inside. I ordered some bbq wings just to try them out along with a side of fries. I anxiously went back to my apartment and opened the bag and whoa momma  did it still smell wonderful. Each bite of the chicken was just filled with flavor and the fries were just right.  Nick's is great for just a little extra for lunch and I highly recommend it.
However, opt to pick up your food rather than have it delivered, as it seems to take forever and you risk getting a cold meal instead of the masterpiece it should be.1st & last order. Called them for delivery based on other Yelp reviews. Never again.
ORDERED: Filet Mignon sandwich - steak dry & unseasoned, bread dry, sandwich dry. added mayo & ketchup from my fridge, it helped make it a little more palatable; Chicken wing platter, came w/ fries & slaw. smallest (6 ) chicken wings ever seen, tasted more burnt than "grilled", bbq sauce to vinegary, completely disappointing meal overall. 
CUSTOMER SERVICE/DELIVERY: Very good over the phone customer service, patient & polite; Delivery was within an hour but no points for delivering cold food that had to be reheated in the microwave. Cost of food = Average; $8+ for filet mignon sandwich, $9+ for wing platter.Delivery is very quick and always accurate. The tuna and filet sandwiches are great. They use Sarcone rolls which is a plus. The roast beef sandwich is really juicy and quality beef. I have only gotten delivery from them but it has always been good.Let's talk people , these guys laugh joked with every person that walked in. You can tell its family owned , it has a welcoming feel. So most importantly the food , ordered the Nicks special .... Blew my mind simple, cooked right ,Super fresh ingredients and filled my gut pretty good !  Can't beat it !When I'm eating clean this restaurant has a lot of options because everything is grilled . The Greek salad is one of my favorites. And the filet mignon is great, I get it for my dog on his birthday every year , he loves it.. My only complaint would be everytime I order the same things the bill is a different price but no worries still a great spotI moved here in May, and this menu stumbled on my doorstep like every other restaurant in South Philly...I didn't throw it away because it seemed like something different and that I would like to try........needless to say when I got home from work and had a craving for wings, I pulled this menu our and tried the ribs/wings combo.....they had a wonderful kick to them and on the grill tastes SOOOO much better than deep-fried (yes deep-fried does taste wonderful too, but this isn't as greasy).....my only complaint is the fries, but who cares when the actual reason for the meal was awesome!?
Yes I recommend this place for those wonderful bar food cravings as well as any sporting function that's hosted at your house.This is just based off of the one and only time I've been here.  
Had the Chicken & Baby Back Rib Combo Platter. It came with Fries & Cole Slaw. The fries were just ok needed some seasoning very bland. The Cole Slaw wasn't homemade not that they said it was but I think it was made in some factory somewhere. It was very generic. The meats were cooked well but lacked flavor. The BBQ sauce on them is just alright. 
I'm a food pro work in the BBQ industry and I'm hard to please when it comes to BBQ. I will give this place a second try. Go for a sandwich I hear they are pretty good at Nick's.I ordered from here tonight, I had the steak platter it was very good cooked perfectly my daughter got the filet mignon platter that was also good and my other daughter got the flounder platter no complaints from her. They delivered in a sufficient manner. I would recommend it highly. I also got the rib and chicken platter to take to work tomorrow and the portions are huge which is good being that I'm on a 16hr shift. Thanks for the great food.I am from Los Angeles and had the misfortune of being stuck in Philadelphia for two years. While there I stumbled across this little place by accident after a night of drinking. It was one of the best discoveries I made in Philadelphia! Even since I moved back to Dallas and LA; this is a "must do" spot to eat at every time I return. 
I brought friends with me this time from Texas! We all had the foot long "grilled chicken" sandwich on Italian bread with provolone and hot sauce! I was in heaven and had two! My Texas buddies gobbled them up as well! 
The menu is great, people are typical south Philadelphia residents-- open late! Parking is a challenge but I always park in the red zone and never have a problem! Great food!I really wasn't all that impressed. The barbecue sauce was mild and it was ok. I had the ribs. I think the meat was cooked well but there was nothing special about the meal.I order delivery from here a lot, food isn't over the top amazing, but it's always good enough to fulfill my comfort food cravingsNick's is the truth. The BBQ wings and ribs are hot off the fire and have a great charcoal/smoky thing going on.Grotesque. Overpriced.  Wings are over $1.00 apiece so they'd better be mind-blowing, right?  Then you get them and they are *charred black.*  Don't tell me they're lightly chargrilled, these things were BURNT. Like they threw them on the hot grill while they were still frozen. Burnt black on both sides. Then they tried to cover it up with extra sauce to make them look good. I can't believe anyone at a family business like this could in good conscience box these things up and send them out to a customer. I'd like to see them try to eat one.  Disgusting. Inedible. Can't say enough, wish I'd taken a picture so you could see exactly what they were like. Skip this place.Awesome ribs and great filet sandwiches. Their homemade BBQ sauce and flame grill make you want to lick your fingers after eating the ribs. For $9 you can get a cheesesteak from pats or genos OR For the same price get a filet sandwich from nicks. Try the spicy garlic wings too - delicious!!!Just ordered delivery! I had the BBQ chicken and rib combo. It comes with French fries, and coleslaw. It was delicious. The BBQ sauce isn't too thick, and the ribs pull right off the bone. My bf had the Nicks special Filet Sandwhich. It had tons of steak, spinach, cheese, and the selling point, Sarcones bread. Definitely will order again!I'm really bummed because I've enjoyed Nick's a few times. Don't think this will be happening again. Cheeseburger gave me a mild case of food poisoning. Not going to be returning, sadly.The good: grilled chicken and burgers are very tasty. Note that I *like* well done burgers, however - if you don't, you will probably be disappointed.
The bad: their ribs are really fatty. Not cooked long and slow enough to really have it melt out and make the cartilage soft. They taste fine, but they are just cooked at slightly too high of a temperature.
The ugly: their delivery guys are pigs. It's horrible. Every time I walk by here, the creepy guys sitting outside waiting to deliver food have some gross, off-color comment to make about women, and not infrequently something to say about the appearance of some of the girls who go to the high school next door. Nick's needs to realize that when these men are on their property and working for them, they represent the business. It makes me uncomfortable enough not to get food there anymore - I don't want them delivering to my house, but I don't like waiting to pick my food up anymore either, because they are hanging around.Hands down the best wings in the city.  Ready?  Hands.  Down.We had to drive up to Philadelphia from Dallas. FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS IS A STOP AT NICKS for 6 chicken sandwiches on Italian bread, provolone and hot sauce! Damn right we are eating them all the way home to Dallas!!!!Ordered here 3 times !!! 3 times I'm a row they mess up the delivery impossible I think to mess up a delivery 3 times haven't ordered here since over a year ago !!! Not saying food is bad !!! Poorly operated !!!
Went for pick up 7-8-14 and the order was rite and food and service were also good !!!!This place is great. My twin brother & I went to High school with Joey. The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich & Baby Back Ribs are excellent. Keep up the good work.Just avoid this restaurant at all costs.  It's way overpriced for the quality delivered.  The grilled chicken sandwich was just awful.  The kaiser roll was stale and the chicken breast was dry out beyond belief.  The chicken is not a whole breast.  They slice the chicken very thin and grill it until there is no more life.  I'll go to Chik-fil-a in the future when I crave a chicken sandwich.  At least it'll be tasty and half the price.Overcooked BBQ. Not enough meat on the ribs. Really depressing actually.
That's really all there is to say. I was really hoping for some good BBQ and this was very disappointing.Had the chicken parma sandwich on Sarcone's roll, soooooooooo good!  Husband had the baby back ribs!!! Tender and saucy and really good!  We'll definitely order from there again!!!
AND....
The woman who answered the phone was very friendly, was able to hear and actually seemed like she wanted our business! (what a novel idea!!!!)Just had deliverg from there and it was good! Had Nicks Special with fries and it was all tasty and hot. Now essentially... This is basically a steak sandwich... NOT CHEESESTEAK! I'M saying like someone grilled you up a steak and put it on bread with cheese and spinach. Lol but it was good. The fries were crispy and salted. Would order again!Pretty okay BBQ place in South Philly--I get the Nick's Special: fillet sandwich with spinach and cheese + Fries. It's delicious, and the fries are great. 
But it's not a real BBQ place because they don't really put the effort. If you order ribs, which I never have, they just put them on the same grill as they are char broiling everything else. I highly doubt there would be any of that smokey flavor I'm looking for in my ribs.
Also very tiny spot which does not have much to it. Maybe 2 or 3 tables. I always get mine to go.
I'm never disappointed with my sandwich, but I'm also never blow away by it either.Filet Special sandwich with spinach and provolone was delicious.  Nice charcoal flavor and tender.  Wings were pretty good but my socks stayed on as I was eating them.  I will definitely go back for that filet sandwich.The crew is always cool and the food is great. My favorites...Greek salad w/grilled chicken, the wings, and the sauteed spinach. Great place!Ok so the love affair started 2 years ago when I moved into the neighborhood.  Unassuming facade, neon pig (although famous for its chicken in my book) and friendly girl inside that seems to work their allllll the time.  When I first walked by this joint the delivery guy hustled me down cause I glanced at the menu...the delivery guy.  I took a menu under his advisement and forgot about it in my "junk drawer" at home.  A few weeks later I went for it.  The " Country Chicken" was sooo tasty with honey mustard, melted cheese, bacon, and charcoal grilled chicken that just makes your mouth go numb cause your saliva glands are working overtime.  this all goes on a kaiser bun or a sarcone's seeded roll.  The only other thing worth trying is a simple "buffalo chicken".  chicken fingers, provolone, blue cheese dressing,  and hot sauce.  makes me want to have a food baby every time.  Don't succumb to the delivery every time cause if you get too fat and lazy not to get up and get your own sandwich your wife will probably leave you.Came here to pick up an order on a rainy night- we got 2 rib platters, fried ravioli, and spinach. The ribs were delicious and I loved the BBQ sauce that came with it. Not a huge fan of coleslaw but the boyfriend enjoyed it. I was pleasantly surprised with the fried raviolis and the spinach was yummy and garlicky. Would order from here again and maybe try the filet mignon sandwich next time.I order the full wings, fries and a ceaser. The Caesar salad was the best out of the three. The dressing was very good! 
The wings and fries were okay. They were not seasoned at all and were extremely bland. The wings were very tiny.
I gave this place the benefit of the doubt but I ended up have the same experience as the many other reviewers.I've only been here twice so far, but both times were this week. The place is smaller than my kitchen so it's not where you'd go with a large group and relax for lunch, but if you wanna grab take out or even get it delivered, it won't disappoint. Everything is grilled so you get that distinct flavoring. I've so far tried the Nicks special which is phenomenal. It is a filet mignon sandwich with spinach and cheese on an Italian roll. Unbelievable. You'll def go back for more. I also had a rack of ribs with a decent barbeque sauce on it. They were tender, fell of the bone and not fatty. That's how I like em. The final thing I had was a crabcake platter. It was just ok. Had too much filler but it was nice and crispy. They have plenty more for me to try. I will def post after I try the half chicken, sausage, and everything else on the menu.Still a decent whole wing option but quality definitely dropped a few stars since my last review.  Last 3 times I ordered wings at NCP they were over cooked and the sauce was just drizzled over instead of being nicely tossed. 
 Maybe they don't make wings often anymore and so the quality slipped.This place is amazing. I've heard they aren't the best for delivery, but I've never ordered that way so I'm not going to factor it into my score. 
This place is the best. The Nick's Special (filet mignon sandwich with spinach and provolone) is my favorite sandwich in the entire world. I've been waiting for somebody to top it and it just hasn't happened.Not the best bbq I've had, but definately way up there when compared to places like ray's or phoebe's. The baby back rib platter is definitely the way to go here. The ribs are cooked perfectly and the sauce has a nice little kick to it. Other favorites in my house are the filet sandwich and the wings. They deliver all the way up to south street if you have a large enough order. Good stuff people. get on it.Great sandwhiches, chicken and rib platters. All the food is great and reasonably priced. Delivery takes forever but its worth the wait.Our go-to Rib joint. Everything on the menu is REALLY great except cole slaw (tastes sour and factory made).  Burgers, chicken, ribs, steaks - all terrific.I had a complaint about the salad not having enough lettuce, so I ordered the salad for the past two weeks and I want to say either the of salad maker is back but the salads were the best I have ever had. Thank You for listening!Great spot in south philly.  The filet sandwich is a must try. Best to call your order in ahead of time before you got pick it up.  Parking isn't great either as it's south Philly.They're on speed dial on my home phone AND my cell. Need I say more? Ok, I'll say a little more. The BBQ is delicious, the sandwiches are ridiculously good, the salads are HUGE (and yummy), the chicken is awesome, and the staff is always super friendly. I have yet to find something to complain about with this place, and I highly doubt I ever will.So disappointed. Like another person had mentioned, when you order a rib sandwich from a rib joint, you expect to get ACTUAL meat from the bone on your sandwich...not processed "meat" patties (like the McRib). I truly liked this place up until tonight. Won't be ordering from there again.You ever eat a sandwich and don't stop eating it when you are full because it was that good?  Yeah, that just happened. I am stuffed. I wish I had a picture of the sandwich. But I ate it. I guess you are going to have to get your own so you can post a picture. 
The owner did the delivery because they were that busy. It is good to get food from a guy that is willing to do the work along with his people. Pride of ownership shows.
I had the filet with spinach on a long roll. I'd eat that again. I am going to have to split it next time, to save myself from my own tastebuds.Found Joe's place by accident in April.  The delicious aroma of fillet mignon filled the neighborhood. Will be back in the next few days.  It's take out style,  but I can't say enough good things about the food or the staff.  Outstanding!2 words....Nick's Special.... best sandwich in philly hands down! Sarcone's hoagie roll. filet mignon. sauteed spinach. provolone. see about it!Filet mignon sandwich is the best thing on the menu. Chicken sandwich and veggie grilled sandwich lacks lustre. Wings and ribs are okay but not award winning.I have been ordering delivery from here for years now. The quality of the food is top notch. I have eaten excellent cuts of filet on the filet sandwich. I am very, very picky with where I order chicken from... This is one of the few places in the city I will eat it from because it's always fresh and the charcoal flavor is awesome. I have also had the country chicken, yum. My husband LOVES the ribs. He says their substantial, juicy and delicious.  Their prices for the quality of the food being served is really impressive. That's why we continue to order from here and haven't had a bad meal in the years we have been customers.I need to start off by saying that my food had zero seasoning. I wish I was lying. I didn't even taste salt on my chicken. I order the chicken wings platter with the garlic hot sauce. I thought the sauce would be something garlicky and flavorful. It was that cheap red hot sauce that everybody has a bottle of because it's not even hot, like franks red hot sauce. I am very disappointed. I gave 2 stars because I didn't have to wait long for my order and at least the meat was fully cooked. Don't even get me started on the coleslaw. The best thing was the fries and even those had no salt. I am definitely never going back.The cheesesteak (Nick's special) is absolutely unique.  I know of nowhere else that has a char-grilled filet in their cheeseteak.  And when laid on a fantastic roll with greens and provolone, the results are nothing short of awe-inspiring.Nick's Charcoal Pit is saved in my phone.  This place is a great find.  Im in love.  I wish I lived closer to this place.  I know now to just keep that menu in my car and phone ahead my order since it's a small, popular place and they grill everything to order.  Oh, but it's worth the wait.
Nick's Special filet mignon sandwich with cheese and spinach is divine and probably feeds two adults if they are not two pig adults like me.  The grilled chicken with bacon and smoky cheddar is delicious. I'll get back to you after Ive been there a few more times and reminisce about all the other food-gasms I have.  
My only suggestion here is maybe have that menu as a bigger image on yelp.
SO GOOD.My husband and I LOVE Nick's. I love their ribs. They are meaty and not fatty and never dry or chewy. And I really like the BBQ sauce they use. I never feel tired or greasy and gross after eating their ribs (ribs tend to make me feel that way). They also have the BEST onion rings in my opinion. My husband usually get the chicken (which is pretty good too) but my go-to dish is the rib platter with a side order of onion rings (and I give hubby my fries to beef up his platter lol). Their delivery is usually very fast and the meals arrive piping hot. My family also very much enjoyed their ribs and chicken when they were visiting here. Oh and their sauteed spinach is delicious and a great option to upgrade a platter with.Day I visited: Friday (only once so far).
Reason: I wanted something from a grill in the BBQ family.
Party size: 2
Atmosphere: like any neighborhood corner joint/pizzaria but Grilled food only!
It's take out (recommended); can sit in and eat but has few stools and one table.
What I ordered:
  -- BBQ ribs and Wings Platter- comes with fries and cole slaw.  Wings had options of hot, bbq, etc.  Of course, hot.  (Yum!)  Wings are not fried, but GRILLED, so don't get P/O if it's not what you expect wings to be. 
  -- FRIES ARE YUMMMMMMMMMY.  It's the way how fries should be.
It's a BBQ joint and it's yummy.  It hit the spot for the BBQ/grilling void that I'm experience every spring/summer/fall.  Because living in the city definitely provides outdoor space for grills and stuff.  And no, the Foreman grill does not fill the BBQ void.
Enjoy Nick's!  I did.  And the staff is sweet.Great sandwiches, prompt delivery. Recommend the buffalo chicken and country chicken sandwiches on italian rolls.Super great sandwiches, not sure why such a low rating. Could be because of their long delivery time. Regardless, will order again. Get the filet mignon sandwich with provolone and spinach !I wish I could say this place was better since it's so close to where I live.  
They do fried food very well.  Their french fries and the Buffalo Chicken sandwich are both pretty good.  
Unfortunately, everything I've had from their grill, from ribs to burgers, has come out so overcooked that there wasn't a trace of moisture left in the meat.  I give them another try a couple times a year to see if they've improved, but with no luck so far.Talk about dedication... cooking up some juicy filet mignon sandwiches in the sweltering non-air conditioned kitchen.  The place is a hole in the wall on a corner (sort of) in South Philly... but don't let that fool you.  The place has  solid fare and you get a decent amount of food for the money... (i.e. "yay" I have lunch tomorrow!).  
The place is small, so it's best to order ahead and take it home.  This place will have you visiting South Philly more often...Had the steak sandwich. Very awesome! Seasame bread, filet, gooey cheese, greens, and juiciness! ~9 bucks = good deal.I ordered the tuna steak platter. Tuna out of the would have been better. The tuna was over cooked to the point of a rubber texture. Tuna steaks should be fresh and served rare. The fries, however, we're very good. Too many good eateries in the area to waste my time and money here again.Fries were cold by the time I got delivery. ..chicken was lukewarm and chewy...I was looking forward to trying this place after seeing menu but left disappointedWhen I first moved to South Philly in 2008, I would have given this place 4 stars. It wasn't the cleanest or the most visually appealing place to get food, but the french fries were among some of the best I'd ever had and the chicken parm sandwich was to die for. It was a place that I ordered from at least every other week. A few years later, things have changed quite a bit. I got sick from the fried flounder last time I ate it - I probably should have stopped after the first overly-fishy bite - and the fries are way too greasy these days. 
And what's with the unsavory characters hanging out in front of this place? Note to the business owners, your shady relatives and friends hanging out with nothing to do is not the most welcoming sight. In fact, it's probably the straw that broke the back for me. I won't be coming back.The filet sandwich was cooked perfectly. Mid rare and buttery complimented with sharp provolone. Got fries in the side. Crispy and delicious. Food came quickly and order was correct.I was really shocked how incredible the barbecue is here. Well worth the price! Incredible variety to get excited over. Every delivery I get gets better and better with the more of their menu that I try.