My favorite bar on old city.  Great food and Joe the bartender is great.  It does not matter how full I am, I am going to order food cuz it's that good.I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  This is a hole-in-the-wall with personality.  It's a local joint that welcomes the non-local.  I love Smithwicks and the wings were great.  Nicole is a very good bartender.  I'll definitely be back.Nick's is under new management! Thanks for a delicious lunch guys! The roast beef was excellent. I definitely have got to come try the wings too. Put some single malt islay scotch behind the bar and you got yourself a regular.Great roast beef sandwiches. Thanks for a great lunch guys!.We were in Philly for two days and ate here twice. Roast beef sandwich wow! Fresh horseradish wow! Hand cut fries wow! This place is a must see in Philly.Just checked out the new menu and had both roast pork and of course the famous roast beef. Both delicious! If you're looking for an easy lunch or dinner option with a completely "from scratch" kitchen, Nick's is worth the look! They also have an awesome Happy Hour if you prefer your roast beef with beer.Love Nick's for what it is: a neighborhood dive bar with good cheap food. Biggest draw for me: domestic light beers on tap, which is getting really hard to find outside of a sports bar anymore, particularly in the land of bars and restaurants fighting for the Craft Beer King title. Easy to pick up a conversation with the many regulars. If you get bored, or need a Artisanal Cocktail for $12-$17, there are plenty of other options on the same block - many of which are actually quite good, if not preludes to personal financial insolvency.Where to start? Amazing to find a local neighborhood joint with a smoker in-house! You have not experienced wings without trying their crispy smoked wings. The seasoning is beyond delicious. They also have a variety of homemade variety of homemade bbq sauces. I love the hot! The mozzarella sticks are homemade and some of the best I've had. They could be a meal for two in itself! The smoked pulled pork, I think I could eat everyday....it's so moist and full of flavor. Great go-to spot!We stopped in while on vacation and had the opened faced roast beef with mashed potatoes. It was the best thing we have eaten while in Philly. The beef was tender and the salad was very good as well.We stopped in here to have a drink and plan where to go next. Well, we enjoyed the menu and Joe so much that we decided to finish out the evening here. We ordered the large smoked chicken wings and fried pickles... I don't know what rub they used on that chicken, but it was amazing! If I were a regular in Philly, I'd definitely make this one of my go-tos more often than not. Thanks for the great food and service!Feels like a neighborhood bar reasonably priced.  Great happy hour.  Bacon burger and roast beef sandwiches are amazing.  Easy to get to know all patrons around the bar due to friendly staff and atmosphere.  Joe and Nicole run a fine establishment.Love Nicks Roast beef. Mozz sticks cut from a block of mozzarella​, not frozen sticks.  Joe behind the bar is a good time. They do buckets most days I  believe. French onion soup is also decent also. Easy late night spot to go before you go home.Horrible, rude owner. Kicked us out because we were having "too much fun." No other legitimate reason provided. Unless it was discrimination or racism. She probably thought i was drunk, dancing and acting free and crazy, but guess what, i was so sober i could remember every single detail. And i only had ONE beer. I have never encountered an owner so disrespectful, now I understand why the place was literally empty and dead on St. Patty's weekend. I am a manager of a company and guess what, i am going to tell my staff and peers to not step foot on Nick's. Thank you for the business.This place is an ok bar to stop by if you aren't dressed up, just got off work and just want a beer. Don't expect quality service depends on the bar tender! The classic squad of joes are amazing all of them are the best and very friendly! One of the  bartenders not sure his name but he's built and  unattentive and very unprofessional. Goes at his own pace which is pretty slow and isn't very friendly. They also don't have a beer list which is insane how can u sell beer if no one knows what u have! And bartenders are annoyed when u ask about the selection! Cause u can't read the chicken scratch on their mirror 
As for the food they have really delicious salads and great apps especially the made from scratch mozz sticks and the long hots. As for their new "bbq" menu they should have never did this, they are not a bbq joint and never will be because their bbq is not good I've had the pulled pork very easy and hard to mess up and it was bland store bought bottled bbq nothing to brag about and a side of their new Mac and cheese also pretty hard to mess up if u can't master Mac then it shouldn't be on the menu! It was pasta with under seasoned bechemel sauce served in a 70s diner crock very disappointing. I wish this place would stop trying to be something they are not and they'd be a lot better! Also staff should be re evaluated. Smile we will tip moreThis is actually the worst restaurant I've ever been to in Philly.... and I was born in a restaurant in Philly... Okay, it was a hospital cafeteria, but it counts.  The food was terrible, the service was the same.Had a very pleasant lunch experience here. I work right up the street, and in passing, we decided to stop in for lunch. 
I ordered the southwest burger (their burgers are highly rated so I had to try one). I was surprised at how great it was. The waiter said it was a mix of 30% bacon meat. Very delicious meat. Come with fried pickles and pepper jack cheese. I would certainly order it again. Also ordered the curly fries. 
We all had a great meal. The waiter was quite poor, forgot drinks, mixed up our orders - this is the reason I gave only 4 stars. Eat it!French beef is soo good, it's like have french onion soup and a roast beef sandwich in one bite. The french fries are amazing! The meatball sandwich is really good tooGreat place for a beer, solid sandwich, and to watch a game. Have been here with others and have come to sit at the bar on my own and have had great experiences across the board. Fairly local crowd but very friendly.This place gets 4 stars from me for VALUE.  It is an excellent, no-frills bar with excellent, old school pub grub at excellent, old-school prices.  No 'artisanal' this or 'craft' that.  Full bar with a decent selection of mostly pale/golden ale drafts (I had a very tasty porter).  Eat at the bar or in the dining room.  Decor is practically non-existent, but that's what gives this place charm.  No airs...at all.  Have yet to try the roast beef, but have twice had extremely delicious and well-prepared cheeseburgers, straight from the fryer fresh cut french fries, and chocolate chip bread pudding.  On both occasions, my friends also were very pleased with their meals.  Service was personable and attentive on both occasions.  In fact, the bartender is the new(ish) owner.Really good experience.  Came in late night and got the smoked pull pork on brioche roll.  It was excellent.  Also the curly fries where extremely on point as well​, very very crisp.This is a great place for an inexpensive meal and good service.  The roast beef sandwiches are good and go for 5 bucks and change.  There is a substantial fry menu with lots of variety and seasonings available.  The menu in general is huge.  I'd call it bar food+.  It should satisfy just about everyone.
This is a dark bar/restaurant with seating in the back.   As the summer heats up you should know they have excellent AC.   Some reviewers have called it a dive bar but I disagree.  It's a step up from that classification.  
If you go you'll have a decent meal, decent service, and walk out with $$ remaining in your pocket.I stopped into Nick's when in Philly on business. Immediately upon walking in I was greeted by Joe the bartender and some guys at the end of the bar bought me a beer. Joe recommended the Southwest burger and the onion rings. It was quite possibly the best burger I've ever had - they mix pork belly in with the beef, resulting in an amazing and flavorful burger. It was topped with jalapeños and pickles with a side of Sriracha mayo. Delicious. The onion rings are beer battered and huge. I would definitely go back to Nick's if in Philadelphia again.Ok, I only gave this place 3 stars because, while I love it and I'll go back again and again, I was there last Friday night after my friend had his first ever art gallery opening and reception, and the drinks me and my date had were SO WEAK.
My date had a drink that was supposedly made of Tito's vodka, tea, and lemonade..and I kid you not, it tasted like melty ice from a glass that once had a lemon in it. No joke.  Not only could you not taste any tea or lemonade, you couldn't taste a DROP of alcohol in it.  
My drink was called the "Ruthie" (we joked that if you pronounce it wrong, you might end up with Rohypnol in your drink lol).  It was Stoli vanilla and birch beer (which is one of my favorite local PA dutch offerings).  It wasn't as weak as my date's drink, but it had way too much water in it. Why on earth would you water down your drinks, when this place is so great, otherwise??
I mean, Nick's  literally has THE best burger I've ever had in my life.  The first time I visited, I told the waiter "I guess I should order the roast beef, because...it's in the NAME of the place. It's gotta be good, right?" He contradicted me. "NO WAY. GET THE BURGER." He then explained that their burger is half bacon, half meat, and is the food of the gods.  HE WAS RIGHT.
I will never order anything there BUT the burger.  And they give you tons of options of what you want on your burger--even fried egg (which I've never seen anywhere outside of Philly and am scared to try). 
Friday night, my artist friend had fried pickles, which I thought was kind of gross until I tasted it. Then I ordered me and my date our own plate of them--mmmm
So, sorry Nick's. I love your congenial atmosphere, the music you play, and your wondrous food, but I had to knock you down a couple points for the sad, watery drinks.We used Yelp to find this place and loved it!  Bob, our waiter, was the man!  The bacon burgers were amazing and we ordered almost every appetizer during happy hour.  Would recommend to anyone who loves bar food!First time there Roast Beef Sandwich, meat fatty, tough and rare. French fries totally greasy, you could probably wring the paper their on. Don't plan on returning.Great neighborhood bar.  Surprisingly they have really good food.  The mozzarella sticks are seriously the best I've ever had, philly or not.. Friendly bartenders and patrons.  Good place to hang if you have sometime to kill.AVOID!!!! RUDE!!!! What a sh*t hole dump. The one-tooth, whistling through his speech, old bartender was the biggest jerk! Never even ordered our food; just walked out after being offended and around the corner. That guy should be working a toll both!My weekend trips to NYC, Philadelphia, Chicago, well, any city really, always consist mostly of eating great food, going to "local' bars, and meeting new people. The sites bore me, the trendy places are overpriced, so I seek the bars I think I would go to if I lived there. Nick's is one of those places. 
My girlfriend and came across Nick's when we were walking to the Old City, and were honestly drawn in by their cheap beer prices. What got us to stay is the friendly bartenders, awesome owner, and the great conversation. We drank beer, ate food, and it was all great. Service was top notch, and the people we met at and behind the bar are the types of people that will continue to bring me to Philadelphia weekend after weekend. Will definitely be returning when I go back.Their roast beef sandwich was good. There really isn't much to write about this place. I've eaten in once and it doesn't seem to be the most inviting atmosphere. I would walk in, see the bar, feel like I didn't belong and stand awkwardly until someone seated us. This place is almost like a step above a diner, not food-wise, but the restaurant itself :)Wonderfully cheap beer for happy hour ($1.75), friendly owner and bartenders, and a very pleasant clientele. The meatball/marinara sandwich was delicious, the roast beef was top notch. Three meals, three successes. I was very pleased, and it felt like home away from home.Moist tender beef on the Philly Cheesesteak. Great flavor. Now THIS is the way it should taste! Nice cool dining in back. Tried Jim's last night, meat dry and too finely chopped for me. My 3 buddies thought it's ok. They agree Nicks is tops.Best curly fries ever! Definitely recommend the apple bacon burger with bbq sauce, the roast beef and the breakfast burgerNick's is the best bar in Philly!! And trust me I've been to hundreds. First, the owner, Joey, and the bartenders, both named Joe, have created an atmosphere that is very welcoming to everyone from local neighborhood people to visitors from all over the world. Their service is impeccable! 
   You can stop into Nick's at any hour for a roast beef or amazing burger. Sit at the bar and have a chat with the people next to you. It will quickly turn into a party. Buy a round of Fireball shots and root for the E-A-G-L-E-S. Step outside for a smoke and join the 2 street scene. The Old City locals will embrace you as one of their own. 
      There's only one Nick's in the world. It's one of a kind!!Lots of exciting new things happening at Nicks Bar and Grille. First is the name change, because as the new shirts say...."they are more than just roast beef".  Not to worry though all the favorites are still on the menu but they have added smoked wings, pulled pork and smoked ribs! YUM!This place was highly recommended. We went in on a Sunday afternoon and the place was nearky deserted. The food was subpar and the service bad. Our waiter talked back when we were just poibting out that a plate was missing.Accidentally enter the bar before the movie, and find a great place to eat and hangout in the Old City, Philadelphia. Meatballs are surprisingly good. Love the tomato sauce. The Roast beef sandwich is fantastic. I can tell all the dishes are carefully prepared and the taste is elegantly balanced. The service is quite comfortable, and the happy hour deal is a bargain. If I will visit the Philadelphia any time soon, I would definitely eat here.For an Old City cheesesteak look no further...  Nick's has the biggest size and taste for the buck outweighing perennial favorites Campo's and Sonny's around the corner.  Try the bucket of Rolling Rocks (not ponies) for $10 and the wings, which are spot on.  Roast beef is standard, big, and good.  I get it to go cause the place isn't the most inviting.Your not the real nicks your food sucks it's tastes like rubber you don't know what a real roast beef tastes like butEver crave a couple beers & a casual meal before a show at the Tin Angel (or the Khyber for us old sentimental suckers... or Upstairs at Nick's for those of us with a birds eye view of the geriatric ward)? 
Well, Nick's is just about all you need. They'll have the game on, they'll serve you cold larger & the roast beer sandwich & chicken fingers (and wings) are really quite good.
Oh, and you'll be glad you didn't suffer through the shi shi menu at Serrano... which, unless that's the sort of menu you're seeking, seems like a pretty cruel way to hoodwink folks into preferred seating for shows at Tin Angel.Beer?  Check!
Philly Cheesesteak?  Check!
Came here on business travel because it was walking distance from the hotel I was staying at.  As I came in, I could see how 'historic' this place was in in the Historic District.  In fact, it was so old, the bathroom didn't have a mirror.  I guess people in 1969 didn't care how they looked or something.
Anyways, this is your typical bar style restaurant where the food is unhealthy but great and the beer is cold.  I had the cheesesteak which was tasty and comparable to your Pat's or Geno's varieties.  The beer was beer.  The bill was decent when compared to surrounding food options.
Come here... unless you need a mirror.I've lived in Old City for two years and I like to think of this place as an Old City Secret.
There's just no where else you can eat food this delicious at such low cost.
Go ahead and try their mozz sticks. Hand battered, my friends. They are INCREDIBLE. Delicious burgers and all kinds of other sandwiches that will knock your socks off.
You can even order pasta dishes too. Have yourself some ravioli if you get a chance. Superb. Believe me. I know my ravioli. Tasted just like grandma's.
The owner and the bartenders are very cool people as well. 
Plus two TVs always showing the key sporting events.We arrived early for a Burger club event and sat at the bar. From the patrons to the exceptional and friendly bartender Joe, it was the makings for a good night. 
It was, however, brief as our table was ready for the burger fest. 
I never really thought of Nicks as a contender in the burger contest. Personally, I struggle between crowning Sketch or Royal Tavern with the best burger in the city. Nicks just made my decision harder because they blew me away with their awesome burgers. 
Even the apps we ordered were great. Fried pickles that will make you never want to go to Hooters again and some tasty Mac and cheese bites. 
I loved the choices for the burgers. Really tough to choose so my friend and I decided to share. We went with the Cowboy (BBQ and onion rings) and the South Philly (sharp provolone and long hots).
Burgers come simply in a basket with some pickles. We ordered a few sides of fries for the table which were above average. I liked the Cowboy but I'm slowly learning that outside of ribs, I'm not a huge fan of BBQ sauce, but the puffy onion ring was the real star there.
The South Philly was fantastic. I'm not sure I will ever want another burger that doesn't have sharp provolone and long hots on it ever again. (Although there were a few moments of mouth burning pain that had me looking for a hose). But it was a good pain and I happily went in for more. 
I missed when our server introduced himself but he was exceptional. Not the fake, robotic way some servers can be and not Alien Pod friendly. Really personable, knowledgeable and just an all around good guy. 
Overall, the experience shoots Nicks up to one of the must go places in Philly, up there with Doobies, The Institute and Han Dynasty. I'll definitely be back and suggest it any time a "Where should we go?" Question pops up.I tried the cheesesteak here and it was very good although not the best I've ever had. I loved the fries with Old Bay seasoning and the gravy fries. Portions are very big and the service was good. The place is kind of dark and not very inviting but it does have a lot of character and is conveniently located in the historic district. Prices were reasonable and the whole family loved itCheesestake sandwich was tasty, and huge, same as the chickenfinger appetizer, very reasonable pricing. Service was excellent!Nicks is definitely a good roast beef sandwich in a laid back local neighborhood setting .I would definitely recommend nicks if your in philly and want a beef sandwichGreat roast beef with provolone! Always an option when I am in the area of a Nick's Roast Beef location. If you have not tried it, you will not be disappointed. Fries on the side are a nice complimentGreatest roast beef I've had in a while. And it's comes with peppers and horseradish. The only thing that I didn't like was how the bun got soggy but you have to expect that from a roast beef sandwich. Oh and the server and bartenders were all very pleasant. Definatly recommendFeels kinda like an old-guy Philly hangout.  And that's not always bad.  They rave about the roast beef, but roast pork with spinach and sharp provolone is great here.  Grab a booth in the back, or get it to go and eat at Penn's Landing or in a nearby park when the weather is nice.  But be sure to get plenty of napkins. This ain't dainty food!  Tender, juicy pork, lots of sauteed spinach with garlic, and really sharp provolone on a nice roll.  Yum.  It's also pretty inexpensive, especially when you consider the gargantuan portions.  One sandwich feeds two!I went here the other night after buying two CD's I'd put on hold at AKA.
I ate at the bar part, which at dinner time on a week night had a bunch of barflys there(They looked like the casting crew for "Barfly"). At 6:30, some people were pretty soused/hammered. There was lots of slurred word conversations down at the end, and some lady talking righteously to the right of me to someone else. At least they had plenty of TV's and some hockey on.
I had the roast beef sandwich au jus, with some provolone on it and some cajun fries. The fries were pretty decent and plentiful. The roast beef sandwich was unfortunately not that great. The meat was decent, and didn't have any chewy/stringy fat in it. But it was dry, very dry. Even dipping in the au jus didn't help it. And it didn't have much flavor. Adding some peppers on helped a little. But not a lot. 
I had a Yuengling with it and it tasted a little funky. Yet another place where they haven't cleaned out the beer lines. Oy ve.
Not worth it.I'm big on neighborhood bars. I've moved quite a bit in my time here on earth and when I do, I always make it a point to find 'that' bar that will be my spot for good food, decently priced drinks and a great staff and/or customers. Nick's is my Philly neighborhood bar. I live a block away and among a million choices in Old City to claim that sacred place in my heart (and my wallet), Nick's filled that spot. I don't necessarily need the frills. I like the great food  - roast beef is delicious, thanksgiving sandwich anytime of the year (in love), homemade mozz sticks and much more - a friendly staff and an owner (Joe) that makes you feel like family from the first time you meet him. Absolutely a recommendation. My only gripe is getting better craft beer selections! :)It's a dive bar that has some decent specials and serves decent bar food including wonderful roast beef sandwiches. And takes credit cards - bonus!
Question - why do Philadelphians call roast beef a steak, as in Cheese Steak sandwich? Good marketing I guess :)I don't write reviews if the place is shit, unless is dog food. This is not one of them. Skip the beef and pork, this ain't the real Nicks on 20th & Jackson or Springfield Delco but don't get ready to walk out. The burgers are the best and even Zagat rated the southwestern burger best in philly. While I got beef with their selection of local burger spots I agree these are the best burgers in olde city with spot on sandwiches and standard bar food. Try the thanksgiving sandwich, big moist turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce and drizzled with gravy inside a kaiser. But I digress, cheeburger, cheeburger chump. And some old guy in a 30 yr old kenzo pride shirt, not some hipster who would get the shit kicked outta him by a smoker at K&AMy husband and I were looking for a neighborhood bar to relax and have a beer and some good food. Nicks turned out to be the perfect place. The Yards Philadelphia Pale Ale and the Long Trail IPA was my husbands favorite. The smoked wings were amazing. It was so perfect we came back today. The Yuengling Lager is great and the Horseshoe Margarita on the rocks is perfect for me. We split the smoked pulled pork sliders and ground bacon/ beef sliders. Both were amazing. I know I keep saying amazing but that's the truth. The food is amazing. We'll definitely be back next time we're in town. Thanks Nicole for making us feel at home and the awesome service.!!The food is great the bartender is hands down one of my favorite people.  The prices and the location are perfect.  It isn't as flashy as it's neighbor bars from the exterior but inside it is awesome.  My favorite is the thanksgiving sandwich and a miller light but they have tons of draft choices.Excellent Place! Great Great FOOD! The Bartender last night he was awesome! Great drinks!!!!!! Home Bar in Center City you will forget you are in Center City. A++++++Awesome cheesesteaks! I hear the roast beef is the item to get specifically. Buffalo wings were on point! Onion rings were greasy. This place is perfect if you get a seat at the bar, your favorite team is playing, and a delicious sandwich is in front of you. If I lived closer would definitely make this a regular spot.It was lunch time, we were hungry, and Nick's posted menu looked pretty hearty and was reasonably priced, so we walked in and had no trouble getting a booth.  The dining room decor was definitely on the casual side, with standard diner tables/chairs and wooden booths, brick walls, and pub art/signs.  There was a decent lunch crowd, and service was friendly and fast.
We ordered Nick's chili (served with nacho chips), Nick's special cheesesteak, and an open-faced oven roasted turkey.  The chili was good...I kept tasting it the rest of the day, so whatever seasoning they put in there was potent.  My husband enjoyed his generous cheesesteak.  As for my meal, the slaw was crunchy and creamy, the gravy a little peppery/tangy, and the whipped potatoes tasted like the boxed variety, but all mashed together and piled on top of the roasted turkey, it was pretty darn good.  The standard white bread underneath soaked up a lot of the gravy and flavors, but my belly was too full for that bomb.
For around $20 for the both of us, we ate pretty well.They advertised 1.75 for domestic drafts, but it only applies to a few beers so be careful before you order. This was a turn off for me. However, we ordered a cheesesteak and roast beef and both were very good. The bartender was friendly as well. Overall, not a bad place to stop by for a beer and a quick bite.Yes, it's a dive, but the roast beef with provolone is worth a trip from Chicago.  Whenever I am in Philadelphia, I always stop at Nick's.  The people who work here are great and the sandwiches are buttery, salty, juicy goodness.  Tried the roast pork last time and it did not disappoint.  Also, I know this is lame for a 30 something to say, but I had a cherry coke last time I was there and it was probably one of the best I've ever had.  (I'm an afficianado.  Ha!)I stopped by here for a late lunch and a couple of beers on a layover in Philly. 
This place is right in the old town a few blocks from Independence Hall. It has the feel of a local bar, not of a place catering that tourists. I didn't see any tables, only a long bar against the wall.  There were only a few other patrons when I visited. 
Their beer selection is ok, with a few  decent craft brews. I got some blood orange IPA from a Pennsylvania brewery and then a Yuengling. 
I had their specialty, a roast beef sandwich. This is really quite an excellent sandwich with a lot of tender, juicy beef on a fresh roll. There's horseradish and some peppers on the side that you can add to the sandwich. Their sandwiches don't come with any sides--if you want fries or something you need to order separately. The sandwich was $8 without cheese. 
Service was good and friendly. This was a nice place to stop by and relax.  They also give 7% Yelp cash back, which is always a plus for me.This is simply to review Nick's on their awesome entertainment! This is the kind of place where you come to pregame with friends, or after too many drinks ask them to sing single ladies, and perhaps in the process get a lap dance from a big hairy retired football player? Yes, that happened. 
They hubby and I constantly hit up Nick's if we are pregaming to go into Cuba Libre next door, mostly because Cuba Libre's drinks suck (watered down) and are quite pricey. So we get the city special for $5, Jim Bean Shot and PBR, jug that down, and one drink, and maybe one more shot....and boom, we get the party started! I also came celebrating my bff's bachelorette where we had a great time butchering Beyonce and embarrassing the bride. 
Really, this is a no brainer, get here, come thirsty, and grab a mic!If you are looking for excellent food and service with a low key, laid back atmosphere, then Nicks is for you. Highly recommend if you are local or visiting from out of town. All around great place with top notch food at a great price.The service is the best. Friendly atmosphere with a neighborhood feel. Joe and Nicole really know how to cater to their customers.. both locals and tourists. They really show how Philadelphians are. The food is awesome. A great place inside the touristy areas without the prices... compared to the nearby neighbors. Go there! Won't disappointI think I had roast beef here once, and it was pretty decent. It was quite some time ago. As I was I was eating my sandwich I felt like I should of been older for some reason. Maybe to blend in with crowd I suppose.  There used to be a really cool venue upstairs where they had  shows. Mojo Nixon played here once, but I wasn't old enough. Dag Nabbit! But I did sneak in to see RL Burnside play here before he passed away.Came here for a drink over the weekend during the day.  Nice atmosphere, but the bartender was a little rude which ruined the experience.Chicken cutlet italiano sub is very good, toasted soft hoagie roll and a breaded chicken cutlet.  It comes w/cheese & greens (spinach I think), and optional hot peppers & horseradish.  Fries are "fresh cut" style, cooked well, crispy & yummy.  Joe the bartender was very nice.Best cheesesteaks and they even have one for BREAKFAST!
I love Nick's!  Pretty much everything I've had to eat here is delicious and fresh and the drink specials really can't be beat for Old City!  Seriously, check out their happy hour sometime!  I recently discovered the Breakfast Cheesesteak and haven't been able to stop recommending it to everyone I meet.  Classic cheesesteak topped with crunchy bacon and a fried egg!  Best hangover cure, for sure!!!Nick's, hands down, has the best food I have ever eaten in my life. I could live off of their French beef sandwich. The staff is super nice and very attentive! I also met the owners the other day. They are super nice, bought my boyfriend and I a round of drinks! If you're looking for a neighborhood bar with amazing food and great bartenders in Old City, Nick's is the place to be!After reading Zagat's ranking it the #1 burger in Philadelphia, I knew I needed to try it immediately! (Apparently we were customers number 55 and 56 today alone, so not immediately immediately, but you know what I mean!)
By the time we got there (Thursday night), they'd shut down the "restaurant" portion of the Bar & Grille, but we took a seat in the window at a high top and had a lovely chat with owner (and bartender) Joe Schultice, who said he'd been happily surprised by the Zagat rating and the steady stream of new customers--seriously a sweetheart!
The southwest-style bacon burger patty with house-made salsa, jack cheese, fried pickle, and jalapeños on brioche was every bit as good as the article promised (fried pickles?! hello!). It was a perfectly cooked burger (medium rare) with an evenly spread 35% bacon/65% beef patty (mixed in house): absolutely loved the jalapeños and (as I parenthesized earlier) the fried pickles! The curly fries we ordered on the side were also perfection (though Joe told us to try their hand-cut white potato fries next time, which are "better than those you get down a'shore"). We'll take his word for it and be back for sure!Love this place!! Great food and drinks. Get the bacon burgers you won't regret it! Joe and Nicole are the bestI love how it looks inside of Nick's but I thought the food was mediocre. I had the roast beef sliders and the meat was burnt. Considering it was the day if St. Patrick's Day Parade they were busy so i didn't complain. The fried pickles have great flavor but cut a little to big for my taste. But other than that a great place to have a couple of drinks!!Awesome hometown feel. Best service, owner stopped by and told us about the menu. We came for the Philly Cheesesteak, but wound up ordering Burgers, because they are 65% beef and 35% 3 kinds of bacon. A M A Z I N G!! We had Mozzarella sticks and Mac N Cheese bites for appetizers. They Mozzarella sticks are huge, they are the size of egg rolls and perfectly fried with the best blend surrounding the cheese. Live in Florida, will definitely be back. Our waitress Jillian was the best, funny, warm and personable. She made our dinner perfect.We had eaten here several times and always enjoyed the food so we decided to order a catering portion to serve at our annual Christmas Eve Brunch.  This included the beef, au jus, rolls, cheese and condiments.  My husband picked it up at noon on the 23rd and when he got home he realized they had forgotten to give us the cheese.  He called and the owner got on the phone and said he would bring the cheese to us which he did in about 20 minutes!!  AMAZING customer service!  I mean, everyone makes mistakes but very few people accept responsibility without complaint and almost no one steps up the way the owner did!!  The sandwiches were delicious the next day and several of our guests asked where we had gotten the food, it was a joy to tell them that Nick's had made such delicious food and given us such great service!Visiting from NJ for a soccer tournament weekend.. We both had the roast beef sandwich special and a couple of beers.. excellent sandwich .. would not have known about this little place if employee at Visitors Center hadn't recommended it .. will stop here again for the roast beef sandwich next time we're In townGreat roast beef sandwiches. Nice locals vibe w/ reasonable beer and food prices. Brew selection pretty basic so if ur a craft beer hound go elsewhere. 
If I lived in the area this would be my go-to pub for a couple pints and the game.One of my favorite dive bars and actually has a back room that makes it nice for crowds. This is a perfect non-smoking dive bar with great drinks and wings!  Bartender absolutely takes care of regulars- one of the nicest guys you'll meet in old city.I ate here after a late night show at the Tin Angel.  It was right next door and I felt sorta safe going there... kinda worried about walking to my car but luckily some other people I know ate there too.  I was glad that it was open late on a Sunday night and they still served food because I was hungry.  I was stationed in the Navy, up in Willow Grove PA, so I went back for a visit.  I had a cheese steak here and it was with provolone which is how I like it.  The water was great!  Course the water in CA is crappy.
Parking is near but expensive.The beef and pork sandwich's were just ok. The rolls were hard and the pork didn't have much meat. 
Pulled pork was good
Fired pickles and Mac bites were good. 
They have a good happy hour.This is the kind of bar that my grandfather would love. Good food, lots of "old man beers" and a fish tank / sports TVs to watch.
Other old men agree, as this is filled with them. The music however, is not for old men with its Beck, Morrissey, and whatnot.
The roast beef sandwich is cheap and delicious. The golden brown french fries are good too. This isn't the place where two people should go to tie one on, but its great for a group of friends to have casual drinks and an array of party/comfort food in a relaxed, spacious setting.In town last night couldn't figure out what to eat me and the Lady wonder around Old City and remembered a coworker of hers mentioned Nicks Roast Beef. So why in the hell not. Was a great choice Food was Fresh, hot and came out in a timely manner. Beer was COLD! Waitress was nice Decour was cool. Over all place is Awesome!