So my sister and I were too lazy to leave the house for food but didn't really want regular pizza place food. Luckily for us Nick's Roast Beef showed up on Grubhub so we were able to get delivery. 
In my estimation the price was a little steep. Coming in at $38 for chicken fingers, two orders of gravy friend, and a brisket sandwich. But it was really good and definitely a nice change up. 
Since I paid I tried one of my sister's chicken fingers, and they were legit the best chicken fingers ever. Not like fried run of the mill mass produced pieces of crap. They were more like chicken cutlets. My brisket sandwich was very good, and I especially loved the barbecue sauce that accompanied it. While the sandwich was good it was a bit dry, but thankfully I had ordered extra gravy, forward thinking person that I am, so it all worked out. And last but not least, those gravy fries! They were delicious and artery clogging I'm sure. The order was huge and we definitely could have gotten away with only ordering one between the two of us. 
The food was quite good and delivery was fast and friendly. Highly recommended! Just don't forget your side of gravy y'all's.Stopped in a few weeks ago with my mom and girlfriend for a quick lunch when I was in the area. 
We were seated almost immediately in a table close to a window. I know it's probably tough to avoid, but the place stunk like stale beer. I absolutely recognize that I chose a bar/restaurant for lunch and that there would be a bar, but this was like a bad frat party smell.
Maybe they were having an off-day so I didn't let it bother me. Both my mom and my girlfriend had roast beef sandwiches. They really enjoyed them! I wasn't too hungry so I got the french onion soup, which in my opinion is pretty hard to mess up. What I was served tasted like chicken broth with soaked bread inside of it. The only thing right about the soup was the cheese melted on the crock. 
Aside from the smell and the sub-par soup, everything else was decent.Very nice to eat here kind of pricey the waitresses are not the best at all got my order wrong didn't write it down and disappeared when I needed something or the check...good place just poor service and a bit pricey small quantity...What a great staff you have here at Nick's! They took incredible care of me both before, during and after lunch. I even stayed a couple hours and took advantage of the free wifi service so I could catch up on some work. Your staff could not have been any more helpful to me as they refilled my water, poured more coffee and continued to check on me throughout my time there. And the food is amazing! Just LOVED the cranberry walnut salad for lunch and yes, I was still there at dinner time! So I tried the blue cheese burger; AMAZING! Thanks for the hospitality!The brisket sandwich I ordered was not what I expected. When I asked the waitress, she said she didn't know what it was supposed to look like. 
My girlfriend had the roast beef. She liked it. The fries came out cold. They brought new ones.
I took one bite, that was enough for me. Matt, the manager did come over at the end and took off my brisket sandwich. He was very nice but I was disappointed.Last time we ate here was 2012, and for good reason. We were never a big fan of the food, and the service wasn't good either. I agree with another reviewer who said that the place has a "stale beer" smell. Not the best place to come in for a quick bite. There are plenty of other places along Cottman.What happen to my favorite restaurant?????? I have been going to Nicks roast beef since I was a child 60 years or more. Nicks Roast beef was the best beef sandwich in the area. They have been consistent for many years.
My family has ate at Nicks once or twice a week for many years. Last year we noticed the rolls were smaller. Ok I understand that they need to save money some where. Next came the amount of Roast beef that was in the sandwich. The amount of beef was cut about 1/3 of the normal. Yes I can even understand that but now to change the type of beef, I was so very disappointed. My husband & I went to Nicks last night for our Roast beef & basket of fries.
The color of the beef had a slight white tone to it. No the beef was not spoiled but had no taste. I thought I was eating wet paper.
My roll was a normal size & there was plenty of beef in my sandwich but the beef was not the same. 
****Please go back to the beef you are so famous for. I would rather pay more for my meal than bring it home to my dog.
I did try a new appetizer on their menu ( cheese steak egg roll) I must say it was very good. 5 ***** gold stars for that.
The staff is always pleasent & spot on with getting our drinks & food in a timely matter.
The band that was setting up at 8 to go on at 9 was a little loud. But we were gone before they came on.
Please Nick's Roast beef bring back your great Roast beef & stop changing it.
Thank you,
Your very loyal customer
JoanneHave respect for yourself.  Don't eat here.
The roast beef is actually grey in color. Wet
and tasteless. The bun was stale. The
Onion rings had hard tasteless very thick
breading. Oh...also.. they were blasting
techno dance music at 11A.M... lunch time.
It really happened.. really!Me n my lady ordered from here tonite the roast beef was disgusting about the best thing to eat were the pickle slices. This ain't the Nicks roast beef you find on Jackson street in South Philly.***BEWARE***Right away my buddy and I had amazing service. Our bartender was funny and friendly. He claimed he was faster than he looked ....if we decided to run off. Lol we were joking if we needed to give our cards for our tab.
As for the sandwich, I got the roast pork with sharp provolone. Now, before all the Nicks fans tear me a new one, I am basing my review off my fav roast pork,  DiNics.  The sandwich was good. Not amazing, just good. I was hoping for more flavor but the au jus made up for that. Also, the sandwich wasn't as loaded as they claim they are.This is for their food truck. I ordered a veggie wrap (which was basic but very tasty) and 2 roast beef sandwiches. There were 2 slices of roast beef on each sandwich. Give me a break. I feel like i need to go to the grocery store and buy roast beef lunch meat to supplement my sandwich. I feel like, if you're supposed to be known for your roast beef sandwiches, make them really good roast beef sandwiches. Right?
While waiting for my food I watched the cashier wipe her nose with her hand and the sandwich assembler shove a chicken finger in his mouth. So, a little coaching for the food truck staff would go a long way toward building up your food truck business.
Everyone around me who ordered fries had to ask for salt and ketchup. Start by putting those out for people.
I would not bother to eat here again. I can make my own roast beef sandwich at home.My boyfriend and I come here maybe once a month for apps and sandwiches since it's an easy local spot, but every experience is worse and worse and their service is laughably bad anymore and i don't think i've ever seen the same waitress twice. 
We've given up. We came in this evening, sat down, were given menus and our waters, and then were literally forgotten about for almost 30 minutes before we decided we had enough and walked out. The only chances we had to get waitstaff's attention was when they were with the customers at the TWO ONLY other tables in the place being used because they were hiding in their little staff cave by the door the ENTIRE time we were there. Attempts to catch their attention when they were at the other TWO tables were unsuccessful. No one should have to chase down a waitress in a restaurant that only has MAYBE 15 people tops in it (majority of them being taken care of by the bartender). After more than a half hour waiting for our order to be taken, we no longer trusted ourselves to be polite and split, our waters and uncollected menus still on the table. I'm honestly shocked we even got the waters we asked for.
I'm not delusional enough to think we were ignored on purpose, but there were only TWO OTHER TABLES IN USE and a few people at the bar and it wasn't crowded whatsoever so I can't even attribute this experience to the place being busy. It's never busy when we go there. The staff is just THAT inattentive, clueless, and apathetic.
We've had multiple experiences here in the past of inexplicably slow service and waitresses just disappearing for large chunks of time or being too distracted to notice us but this was by far the worst one.  
STOP HIDING AND SOCIALIZING AND BE VISIBLE/AVAILABLE TO YOUR DAMN CUSTOMERS.  
They officially lost our business and we will definitely not be back. We're done. It's not worth the overpriced food and terrible service to eat at a familiar local place.Gave this place another shot, since I liked it so much during previous ownership. The waitress we had our last time was there again and as usual doing nothing besides chatting with patrons at the bar and stuffing her mouth with food, while occasionally refilling a drink. Luckily we had a different waitress who was good, unfortunately she was picking up the load for the other waitress who must be the owners relative, because if she worked for me she would be fired. Ok now on to the food, sandwiches are smaller and less meat. My counterpart had a wrap and it was falling apart. The buffalo waffle fries/chips were about half the size they use to be. The condiments that use to be on the table, peppers, extra horseradish, etc are now all gone and you have to request if you want something extra. Overall just downhill, this was my last time eating at Nick's forever, just not the same service or food as before, sorry to see another classic northeast Philly place go to the dumps.Although it's been many years since dining here, I always enjoyed the food. I love love love their Buffalo Chips! They're waffle cut fries, smothered in melted cheese, swimming in a pool of hot sauce. DELISH!! 
Their roast beef and roast pork have always been very tasty (of course this was before I had my first Tony Luke's Roast Pork!). If I still lived in the area, I'd grab a bite here often!Use to be a go to place. So that's why we came here on a Sunday night. Big Mistake the place wasn't even half way full yet it took fifteen minutes to get a can of beer a draft and one mixed drink. My daughter ordered ribs with a salad and mashed potatoes. The ribs were so burnt the bones were black see pictures, and the salad came out after the ribs. They had an awesome band three high schoolers playing heavy metal the only problem there was it was six o'clock on a Sunday not 10:00 on a Saturday night. We moved to the far side of the restaurant and were then able to here ourselves when yelling to each other. The only saving grace was the manager who after we explained the problems was able to address some of the issues. We will come back because you shouldn't judge a place on one bad experience but this was definitely a bad one.Kick it old school with the townies at Nick's.  Satisfying, messy, and cheap - just like me.77 degrees in there tonight. Was served warm beer to top it off. Enjoyed last time I was there but not so much tonight.  Right now, don't think I will be back anytime soon.Nothing special. Paid $5 for like 8 small mini tacos. Could of just gone to a store and bought of a box of them for half the price. The rest of the menu seemed overpriced.It's a really good sandwich.  Roast beef and provolone rocks.  It is priced right, people I know complain about the cost of the sandwich, but beef is expensive everywhere.  I guess the problem is that it is so good that most normal guys might consider a second one, but it is cost prohibitive.  More money should be spent on beer at a bar, than on sandwiches.  I just made up that "man rule".
So they are top notch on the roast beef.  My only question is why do they use such cheap fries?  I mean I guess I just prefer more upscale fries, ones that are coated or have skin on them.  They make such a good sandwich, where it is obvious that they use quality ingredients, and then there are those fries, I don't get it.  Any way, they still get a 5 star rating for the roast beef, but there are some other things about the bar that need to be addressed, mainly the number of unruly patrons I have encountered on my last two visits, so I need to say, it's a 4.5 overall.  Yes I was there during a sporting event, but I just don't like to be hasseled, especially because I really didn't care about the game.
I do like the fact though that in the back section there is a Father Judge Jersey and St Hubert's Jersey framed on the wall.  It makes me remember a time where I'd be at the library with freinds, while in high school, and go for a bite to eat before we went home.  Good times.Went here with a buddy of mine and it was decent. The bartender was nice and attentive, so I enjoy the customer service. They have a decent tap list of good craft stuff and also a good bottle selection. The food was okay, but affordable. The turkey club was fine, but nothing to write home about. If I am around, I will probably come back for a drink and a bite.Went last night for dinner and had a chicken fingers and beer. The fingers were great, nice and crispy on the outside but yet moist inside a good combination for fingers and which a lot of other places have a hard time doing. My waitress Joan was right on track when I needed a new drink didn't have to wait at all or flag her down. When it was empty she was there asking if I wanted a fresh one. That is the way to keep people coming back to your establishment, fantastic waitress and good food. Will always be returning here because of those two things.*food truck stopped at work on a Wednesday afternoon* the food portions were a joke for the price and they weren't prepared for a good size crowd of people. Sauces were not opened until at last 30 minutes after they started serving. Roast beef itself was good and the cheesesteak egg rolls were tasty but both were too expensive compared to how much you get. I would skip this food truck especially if you are on a budgetReally horrible wings might be the worst I ever had. And slow service yuck. If I ever walk through that door again it's my own dumbass faultThe service was pretty good. The place is very nice for the NE area. However, the chicken quesadilla is not their premier plate. They are better known for his roast beef sandwich.Good food, friendly staff... waitress was a lil invisible at times but she was very nice...nice locals spotHave not been here in years. The gravy fries were delicious. Definitely need to go back soon with the kids.The Nick's Roast Beef food truck came to my work yesterday. I was excited as I have heard many commercials for Nick's and have wanted to try it. I was very disappointed. They charge $8 for maybe 3 oz of Roast Beef on a small kaiser roll. I felt completely ripped off. An even bigger rip off are the $8 cheese steak egg rolls. You get 2 regular sized egg rolls for $8. And order of fries is $4. If you want Old Bay on them that's an extra $1. I've never felt so taken by a restaurant in my life. 
The real shame of it all is that the food was tasty. The Au Jus was excellent. The Roast Beef was very tender and flavorful. The cheese steak egg rolls were very good. Crispy and cheesy. Unfortunately all of it was incredibly over priced.Just made it to this location for the first time after working in this area for a while. It is a down and dirty, good at roast beef sandwich joint. Really not a lot of frills. I ordered the brisket sandwich, like a chump. It was OK, but honestly it was only OK.... Nothing more. Also, the chili is surprisingly good also. If you're looking for a place to grab a beer and a sandwich then this is the spot. If you're looking to be wined and dined, keep it moving. Service is also pretty solid and the prices are reasonable.I went in here twice in my life. Once when I was about 21 years old and 27 years old. They price is not bad. The new owner changed many things. I like to go watch a flyers game and pound some beers. Go flyersGreat experience!  The Cheesestake from the top places(not Pats or Genos) is still a must for visitors, HOWEVER this is an incredible option and sits right there a top the list of alternatives, like a solid roast pork!
Go with the roast beef of course, although the menu is much more vast, with aged provolone, although it could have been a bit hotter! But easy on the horseradish it has a really nice kick so make sure you are ready. Big time brain burn, nice!  The onion rings were great and I also went with the buffalo chips, hint think England, there are not crispy, which was a surprise.
Nice craft beer selection but nothing to crazy!
Go if your in the North East!
Oh yeah, Food came out FAST!!!!!!Love the roast beef and buffalo chips. The place needs a face lift, but the food is usually pretty good.  Got a bad batch of fries last night and they quickly took it off the check.  Server was attentive and always there when we needed something.  Will go back, mainly for the roast beef.The buffalo chips are awesome. Roast beef sandwiches are very good. Great place for a beer during the game.First of all they no longer sell Birch Beer. Second we went for onion soup. The onions were white not carmelized as they should be. The cheese was awful, the soup stock was rather clear and had little flavor. I had a roast beef sandwich they no longer have ham sandwiches. The beef was pre-sliced in the morning and was brown on the edges and dry as toilet paper. My friend had chicken wings which looked like they were from rejected chickens very small and over cooked.  Will we return  Never AgainAlways gpt a great sandwich service was alwys good at bat but 1 bad thing they have to clean beer glasses a littlw bit betterI live in the neighborhood and stop in pretty frequently on week nights. Food is pretty decent and they have been upgrading their menu recently. I really only go to the bar to eat and drink so i cant speak to their watress/water service however the bartenders are really friendly and accommodating. Don't go here for a gourmet meal, go for cheap beers and bar food and youll have a great time.Loved the food.  They were so good I am having them cater 8 seperate meals for 75 people.  Great Job.Wow what happened to this place.  We came here in June and the waitress were literally running out of the kitchen because of a rat.  Our food came with fruit flies already on it, just hanging out waving hi, these are our nachos.  For some unknown reason we came back last night to watch the Eagles preseason game, food was overcooked but bug free so i'll take that as a wash.  No bottles of Miller Lite but they had 16oz cans so I said great I'll drink them.  The first one tasted weird but I thought I was just imagining it, then the second and third were covered in some sorta grimy black grease.  I had to clean them off with napkins and asked for a glass.  I showed the bartender and she just shrugged.  WTF man.  We got up and walked out, never going back there again.  What a pit.This place is great.  The food was yummy.  The roast beef was very tasty.  Lots of beers on tap and plenty of TVs.  They even have craft beer on tap.   I go there as a often as I can.  They have parking in the back.I have been going to nicks for years - the food and quality has changed- I got a simple tomatoe and grilled cheese - they forgot the tomato - no biggie- they just threw the tomatoe on and threw it on the grill w/ grilled onions - it was inedible- uugghh- so disappointed - back to the grey lodge!!We went there tonight for trivia which was fun but the food was disgusting! Nachos, gravy fries, wings, and turkey club all were awful. I'm not sure how this place is still open??I keep trying here every few months in hopes that it will be as good as it was years ago. Unfortunately my visit yesterday had me regretting going there. Service was slow despite the place being practically empty. Waitress forgot my son's drink.Fries was a side of my entree and she brings it out by itself,they were soggy. Wife had fajitas, I had roastbeef sandwich. Roastbeef was a little dry but otherwise good. I was done my dinner when my wifes food came. Barely any chicken,mostly peppers and onions. The chicken was totally burnt and she bit into 2 pieces of fat. Will try here again in another 6 months and hope service and food gets better but will only be ordering the sandwich.Place was packed because of the entertainment...only 2 bartenders for the hundred customers...Roast Beef sandwich was average but horseradish was pre mixed crap...not the real deal that makes your eyes water liike they used to serve when Nicks truly had the best Roast Beef sandwich around...I was disappointed because I remember when Nicks was special...now it's just a run of the mill bar in NE Philly and has lost it's charmWe stumbled upon this establishment after a round of golf today.  Had the roast beef sandwich with sharp cheddar cheese and mushrooms and a side of onion rings.  The quality spoke for itself.  It was awesome. Good bread, tender meat, very tasty.  The onion rings were perfect.  I wish my wedge game could compare. Kudos to the staff. Very attentive and professional. Linda was great!  While I had some pars today, Nick's food and service was better than par, more like a birdie!Ate here a few times before when I was in the neighborhood and took advantage of an UberEats promotion to have it delivered. Picked up a bacon and BBQ cheeseburger, mozzarella triangles, hot nachos, and coleslaw. When the order arrived, there were no utensils, napkins, or coleslaw. Ordered my burger medium well and it was well and dry, swimming in barbecue sauce (had to clean up with a napkin for virtually every bite), and they forgot the pickles I requested. Mozzarella triangles were good, tasted homemade and were nice and crispy. The tortilla chips tasted store bought, the ground meat was good but there was barely any there to eat. The cheese whiz and sour cream were in containers on the side and there wasn't enough cheese for all of the chips. Everything was certainly better when I ate in because it seems the delivered version is an afterthought.You think that with " roast beef " in their name , they would have stellar roast beef , but it's just average at best. Fries were tasty, potato skins had hardly any potato left in them and came with what I think was a small cup of chili which was just drenched in oil...  the new decor is very nice and I hear they have live music now which I love .Been awhile since I've been here, supposedly heard changed owners. Can't say how the food is because the service was so bad I just left. Our waitress came over with menus after like 5 mins, after 2 mins she came over and asked if we would like to order. We said we need some additional time, we never saw her again for 20 mins until we just got up and left. Noticed her numerous times coming from kitchen eating something shoving her face. Never can say I had this type of service it was like we didnt exist. I could see if it was extremely busy but there was only about 6 tables occupied in the place at the time. Another waitress was just as lacking as between service she was up at the bar drinking. If this the change from new ownership guess I will never be eating here again.Good roast beef. Not as great as it used to be but it's ok.Ordered from Nicks Roast Beef tonight for the first time ever and I was extremely disappointed.
I placed an order for delivery - a chicken caesar wrap with fries and a diet coke.
Shortly after placing my order I received a call from someone stating that the delivery minimum was $15 which my order did not meet but that they were out for delivery now anyway - not quite clear then why the call was made in the first place. Never the less, my food was delivered. The bill was $12 and some change. I handed the kid a $20 to which he replied "I don't have change." I told him I wasn't paying an $8 dollar tip on a $12 dollar bill so he asked the driver if she had any change, which of course she did not. So I suggested I call and pay for my order over the phone with a credit card. I called, paid for it and hung up. After hanging up I opened my food to find a diet coke and a chicken caesar wrap - nothing else. No fries as I had ordered.
So I called BACK and made them aware. The girl on the phone questioned me as if I were being untruthful and said "Didn't you order chips?" I said "NO, and even if I had there arent chips here either." To which she told me someone would be back out with them - the fries I assumed because we just had a conversation regarding the fact that I had ordered FRIES.
So about 15 minutes later a manager shows up at my door with two small bags of Lays Chips.  I honestly couldn't help but laugh. Is this some sort of joke?! I literally didn't even have the energy left to argue so I took the chips and shut the door.
Someone who works all day and tries to patronize your business by ordering dinner and it turns into this. Poor, poor customer service. 
How hard is it to get a single order correct? And why are delivery personnel out without change to give back to customers? I just have never had such an terrible experience. An hour and a half dilemma for a dinner. Not worth it. Will not be giving them any business going forward.Nick's Roast Beef was recently remodeled and it looks really great inside. There are a ton of TVs around the bar, making this a great spot to catch a game. On the other side of the restaurant, there are tables and booths for a more quiet, family oriented experience. There are always great specials and the food is reasonable.
I always opt for the roast beef sandwiches. They have a variety of tasty toppings. Fries don't come with the sandwich, but a side order will take care of 2-3 people with no problem. I recently tried the sweet potato fries and they were really tasty.
If you sit at the bar , as I always do, be wary the the crowd can get a little dicey sometimes. They are mostly harmless, but can be annoying. Some examples are a group of drunks screaming at the TV during a Phillies game, and a weird pill head who tried hitting on my sister in law but couldn't get the words out because he was slurring- we ignored him and he stumbled away. I think the staff of this establishment could do a better job of controlling the crowds for the benefit of their other patrons. I've seen people get tossed out of other establishments for less.
I will still continue to go to Nick's to watch games and eat their delicious roast beef sandwiches, but I will definitely never go alone.The food is great, but the service is always pretty spotty. Their appetizer portions are gigantic, and their sandwiches are incredible.So before you get your hopes up this isn't the same place that is at 20th and Jackson. However they do have their own charms that make them very good. The food is great and there is never a long wait. It could get busy during quizzo but the service is still exceptional. It's easy to discard this place as just another dive bar but don't be fooled you can get a decent meal for a decent price.My husband and I went here to celebrate my pregnancy. I had my baby shower in the downstairs room here and when my daughter was born we came back to celebrate. 
While the service leaves more to be desired. The food is really good.
Let's talk about the service first. It's slow and sometimes the employees act like they don't want to be there. I always order 2 drinks up front because I know it'll be hard to get another one. 
The food however is delicious. The French onion soup is the best I've had. The buffalo fries and buffalo shrimp are yummy and the hot pork sandwich is delicious. 
I've also had their BLT sandwich which is really good.Nick's is a solid Northeast Philly staple. It's a craving killer when you just want a simple sandwich and a quiet place to eat it. 
The butterfinger fries are a calorie bomb and a half...but they're worth it!Just for clarification, my previous post had a typo.  I meant "A complete waste of time and money!"...Stay away!This place definitely brings back memories.  I grew up a few blocks away and was raised on the overstuffed french dip roast beef sandwiches with au jus and the cajun fries.  Still the same great food and friendly service (been coming here since I was 5 or 6 probably).  Dad and I drive here every month or so to relive the good old days and grab our sandwiches, fries, and french onion soup (love the cheese and crouton topping!).   Sometimes, the tried and true is still the best.Cold beer and a good atmosphere with good bar food.  Can't go won't with a roast beef or pork sandwich.I usually get the roast beef and provolone sandwich as nothing else on the entree menu really interests me, but it's always satisfying and well-portioned. Service is always quick and efficient no matter how busy the place is -- there have been times we've been in and out in half an hour.
We also love the buffalo chips as an appetizer.Visit nicks frequently.   Awesome establishment.   Great happy hours and roast beef.  Try the carpenter fries and cheese steak egg rolls.   Both are awesome.  Linda is the best bartender ever.Service sucks.  Ordered a french dip. ..There was no dip...twice...nothing that was supposed to come with sauce, came with the sauce.The BEST roast beef in the city. I've been going with my parents for 20 years and I'm so glad this place is still around. The area is going downhill but Nicks is still a total gem!This review is for their food truck which was recently at the Porch at 30th Street Station.
I'm actually not a huge fan of roast pork or roast beef, so I opted for a cheesesteak, which I guess is dumb when the place has roast beef in the name.  But you can't really go wrong with a cheesesteak.
It was a tasty cheesesteak - the roll was mad fresh, the meat was seasoned and juicy and flavorful (you could practically see the black pepper!) and the cheese was plentiful and gooey - not sure what kind of cheese it was and I didn't specify, so my guess is American.  For $8.63, it's not a bad price.
So why not 4 stars?  A) It was good, but didn't blow me away to want to return back, and B) I love my cheesesteaks with fried onions, and lots of 'em.  I asked for fried onions on my cheesesteak and he said, "we're all out of onions."  I was there at 1:15 and the food trucks don't leave until 2:30.  I could understand being out of a main ingredient like the roast beef because of such a high turnover rate (and it was the first day of the NFL Draft which packed the city, so that could be a reason), but how do you run out of a topping that's cheap and doesn't really go bad if you have a lot on hand?  Blast whoever before me got the last of the onions - maybe they loaded too many instead of portioning, I dunno.
Also, they didn't have a good condiment bar situation.  Most food trucks have a nice set up of squeeze bottles of ketchup, etc.  They had one GIANT industrial sized bottle each of ketchup and mustard, so you couldn't pick them up to put on your cheesesteaks and it was way high up so I had to struggle to move the sandwich around and get the condiments on without dropping it.  They also had no napkins or plasticware set up.
Overall, if it was the only food truck around and I was hungry, then it's fine, but nothing I'll be returning to anytime soon.If you are going here for drinks and a greasy snack-okay. If you want an actual meal, go elsewhere. Nicks is a local restaurant which is dated and gloomy. The waitresses are usually nice and they are always ready to fill you up with another drink. 
The drinks are cheap which is one of the reasons I drop in from time to time. The buffalo shrimp, and french fries are also notable.Waited an hour and fifteen minutes for two roast beef sandwiches and 2 kids hot dogs. Roast beef is their specialty, right? It's in the name of the restaurant. Dinner hour on a Saturday they should have plenty of it ready to go, right? 
Came here a few weeks ago for dinner with my two kids and 7 other adults, called ahead to give them a heads up to see if it would be a long wait for a table. They said no, no problem it's not that busy, just show up. Get there and it wasn't really all that busy, but they don't have enough of the same height tables so we get separated between the high top tables you sit at with a barstool and the regular size tables, where my brother and I got stuck with the kids. OK, whatever, not that big a deal. So, the waitress finally comes after a decent wait, starts taking orders, gets to the end of the high top and starts to walk away. My uncle grabs her attention says hey, that small table is with us too. She rolls her eyes and said oh, no one told me this was a huge party, I'll have to send another waitress for them and just walks away. At that point I'm like WTF, but the new waitress came fairly quickly, so I'm still keeping my cool. I ask her can we just do a new check for us four, she says yeah we were gonna do that anyway. So now we're not a huge party anymore. A 6 and a 4, the food should come out a little faster, right? Nope. We waited an hour and fifteen minutes for 2 roast beef sandwiches with fries and 2 kids hot dogs. Ordered at about 6:15 didnt get our food until nearly 7:40 When the food finally did come out one sandwich didn't have any cheese the other didn't have fries and the dry beef and soggy fries we did get were only luke warm. I told the waitress don't worry about the cheese at this point, just make sure it's not on the bill, but we do want the fries. Well, the fries did come out piping hot 20 minutes later, just as we were done eating and ready for the bill.Quick tip - if you are going to a place with "Roast Beef" in the name, you should probably get the roast beef.  
I have made that mistake too many times here.  My favorite thing to get is the roast beef with provolone and sweet potato fries with honey mustard.  Whenever I veer from this I am not usually happy with my selection.  
Except for the chicken parm and spaghetti entree - it was that stereotypical fried chicken cutlet with watery tomato-sauced spaghetti, but it was gooood!
Past couple of times we have been here there has only been one waitress on so service was pretty slow.  And their ice tastes funny.  But it is a short drive from our house so for a quick bite it is good enough.My husband and I have been going here since the early 80's. The food was always excellent but the past few years they have raised the prices and the quality of the food decreased substantially. My son and I ate there this evening. We both ordered roast beef sandwiches. The price for each was 10.50. The size of the sandwich was the size of a roast beef from Arby's.  Actually Arby's is probably bigger. Will never waste my money there again. They need to worry about the food and not the ken doll look a like waiters. Horrible.Came for the roast beef, waited 30 minutes for my sandwich to come out (wanted to see how long it'll take), told them to take it back after waiting 40 minutes. But on a good note, the customers are cool. A few people took note of my long wait and ordered me a beer. With that said, eat in advance!Crab bites and their "famous" buffalo fries. Tried shrimp last time and it was good. Wings are OK. Pretty good customer service. Interior a bit outdated, but clean. Fast kitchen. Last time was a great live music. Haven't tried main menu. 
Place is empty most of the time and they should think of more events for younger crowd to keep it busy. Thursday or Friday younger people and Saturday the regulars. 
However good snacks, cold beer and big (mostly empty) place.
P.S good restrooms for such place!Catered Lunch was a hit today! This was the first time that I did a catered lunch from Nick's. It was a breeze from start to finish! They worked with what I needed instead of a standard package and that was just the beginning. The food was delicious and well received by our fussy group of diners. We are already looking forward to ordering from Nick's again. (even my super picky boss was happy) 
You'll hear from us real soon. 
Thanks for everything, Team Nick's!!Nice place . I sat at the Bar , the Bartender (Linda ) was great and told me what was good , she suggested the chicken wrap, I'm not a wrap type of guy but I have to say it was good, I have been there for roast beef and pork sandwiches, Which are good  the French fries are great to , hope I helped you out with this suggestions , then again it was all free , enjoyI come to Nick's on sunday's to play poker with Aardvark poker league. I tried a bunch of different food a Nick's but one of my favorite was the marinated chicken (special) with a lemon sauce over risotto and asparagus. It was just very good and only $10. I do not think i ever had a bad experience with the food expect for the dessert. I did not necessarily like the dessert as I found them pretty dry.  
I wish they could allocate more than one waiter for our section as it is pretty hard for one person to serve 40 people..Great food,cold beer & great service.What more can you ask for!?  Megatouch games at almost every table and at the bar. They also have a jukebox. They have TVs in the restaurant part also so if you prefer to eat at a table and not at the bar. This place is one of my favorite bar/restaurant in the northeast area!I just came home from Nicks Roast beef North East Phila. Last month I left a review of 1 star. I am up dating my review to 4 stars. My beef sandwich was very good tonight. The beef was very tender & there was plenty of beef. 
French fries were done just right. My only complaint was the cheese steak egg roll. Last month it was very good. Not so tonight. The egg roll was very over done & burnt on the ends. 
Maybe next time everything will be cooked right. 
I'll keep you posted. 
Joanne WStopped into NIcks with some friends and was very suprised I had not heard about his place before. Simple, clean bar and restaurant, our bartender was great and plenty of flat screens to watch the game. Even noticed a nice European dart board In the back, I'll have to trek back for this. The french dip sandwitch was fatastic as well as the pick n peel shrimp which was pritty cheap, 10 for $6. Good beer selection, had my favorite, dogfish head 60 min ipa. Can't wait to go back!The nicks roast beef burger is literally one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Easily the best burger I've ever had. Prices are good and the atmosphere is nice I would and have recommended this place to people on numerous occasions.not that any of you have a google alert for when I post a review, but if you have read through my reviews, you will know that broccoli rabe is like my kryponite. I HATE that shit. Its one of the banes of my existence that it seems to be the go-to accompaniment to a roast pork sandwich. And so, that is how I found myself eating a roast pork sandwich, with GD broccoli rabe from Nicks one day. Aside from that green atrocity, the sandwich was very good; it came with some au jus and some horseradish, and the fries on the side were perfectly cooked. It DID take a while to get, and it WAS a bit on the expensive side (like $12), so it will only be an occasional lunchtime splurge. The inside was nice, if a bit dark, but it seemed like a cool place to take in a game or hang out for a few. Staff was very nice, if a bit aloof.Do NOT go for the all you can eat snowcrab legs....we got our first round ...2 super small clusters i mean less than half the size of a normal cluster...they we lightly seasoned...i mean lightly like they sprinkled a pinch old bay on top...we asked for lime and lemon wedges...the waitress came back with literally 2 pieces of lime from the bar and a couple of dry slices of lemon (for 5 orders of snow crabs....) the legs were kind of chewy and didnt smell fresh but we were paying for it so we were gonna just suck it up and eat it...the server didnt check on us until long after we had finished our initial serving...we asked for a second serving...this time she came back with one cluster each...one of us only had 3 legs on our cluster...no old bay but double the salt.....again didnt check on the table and comes back seemingly taken back that we asked for thirds...this time the claws were so salty i took one bite and was done....we were literally squeezing salt water out of the clusters and it was still inedibly salty...its like they were doubling up on the salt so we wouldnt order anymore...service sucked food sucked even more..my stomach was literally churning as i was leaving the place...we also asked for the menu but the server was so busy trying to avoid the table she never came back with one...my friends went to pizza roma afterwards because they were still hungry....never coming back!!!Used to come here quite often but its been downhill for awhile. Arrived to the seat yourself sign. So I sat myself and waited and waited and well...waited. One server passed me three times, once making eye contact, and never said a word.  After 11 minutes I go get someone. She comes over with a trainee, fine by me. Girl says can I get you something to drink, I pick a beer and she runs off. Mind you, had plenty of time to pick what I wanted. Comes back a little too long later with my beer. And says you want a minute to look at the menu? I laugh. Order French onion soup and a chicken ceaser salad. 24 minutes later I still only have a beer. Not a full dining room. Trainee passes me and says your food should be up soon. I say can I at least have my soup? She says yeah I guess. I mean the soup is already made! Get my soup. Eat it. Wait. My salad comes, and is uninspired. Its literally drenched in dressing, pooling on the plate. And I like a lot of dressing! Chicken was grilled to death yet cold. Like it was grilled, cut, then thrown back on a flat top for twenty minutes. There were rubbery overcooked pieces. Four pieces of rubbery garlic bread to top off this mess. There is good food here. Buffalo chips are amazing and I like the rueben. When there are half price apps it's nice. Its just not like it used to be. The servers used to be awesome! Sorry but I can only put up with one thing bad service or bad food, not both.I always go for the roast pork with sharp provolone. A great sandwich at a fair price. The waitresses are good. I've never  sat at the bar, but it looks like a good place to bring children. Not a good family restaurant. No changing table in the men's room.Great salad great service. A weird place for a vegetarian, but I was there for the music!  Dirty Love played that night. It was wonderful. The waitress was very attentive and made sure we always had drinks. Great friendly atmosphere, good food and fantastic music.  Perfect way to spend a Friday night!I ordered from Nick's through door dash. This is a review that I am making accounting for the fact that it was for delivery. 
I ordered the the French Dip. The roast beef itself wasn't very flavorful, but the dip made up for it. All together it was pretty decent. Nothing special. The melted Swiss cheese was great the it also came with a cup of melted cheese as well. There was barely any onions. The peppers were nice. They added a slight sweet note to the whole sandwich. All together it wasn't a bad French dip, but was not near the best either. It came with Cajun fries. Which was alright, a little more spice and Tony's is what it tasted it. Nothing special about the fries themselves. Basically like those fries you can grab from the frozen section of walmart or sam's.
I also fried mozzarella triangles were ok. Marinara was pretty good and the mozzarella had a nice taste and consistency with it unlike most places.
The fried food was obviously a soggy, but that was not considered into the review cause it was delivery.
To conclude, the food was pretty standard. Not bad, but not really good either. As for, did I feel like it was worth my money. To be honest, not really. I would enjoy myself more at a different place with that same amount.