Nook is my favorite cafe in Philadelphia: the owners are very nice, personable and attentive to their customers; the regulars & owners are on a first name basis; the space is  well-used, feels full but not crowded, and is tastefully decorated; it draws a diverse clientele; and of course their delicious pastries are baked on site, so it is possible to get them right from the oven earlier in the day. I take as many friends here as possible.This coffee shop in center city is adorable. The people are friendly and locally supported artists always makes me happy.  A good solid option if you do not want to have to join the Stabucks set.Not a lot of seating, not too many options for snacks/small bites to eat...tables and chairs are uncomfortable, and the wifi is slow as well.Really great place to work. They have some couches in the back, a nice eclectic mix of patio tables and chairs in the front by the register, and a large table at the very front. There are a few outlets available, but not by every seat. The staff were great here.
I got a rooibos macadamia chai latte. It was not bad, but I did think that the rooibos overpowered the macadamia and, at the same time, I wish it had punchier spices. I also got a NY style cheesecake which was good but too dense for me.Had the most amazing yogurt and fruit parfait! The coffee was amazing as well! The barista working was so thoughtful and friendly! I will definitely return if I am in the area again!If only they had longer hours and were open on Sunday!  This is a fantastic place.  The baked goods (baked on premises) are always delicious.  The cappuccinos are excellent.  They don't make you feel uncomfortable if you settle in for several hours to get work done.  My favorite Philly coffee shop.Cute cafe, many different coffee styles for both hot and iced coffees. They have healthy food as well as desserts and treats. The owner is always there and she is genuinely very nice.I went here on a Thursday morning around 9:30am. The cafe is large with plenty of seating. It was busy, but not too busy - we placed our order almost immediately after arriving. The lady at the cash register was very friendly and helpful. She pointed out that there were actually two baked good displays (we hadn't noticed one of them) and she also directed me to a printed menu that was easier to read. She made us feel welcome. We ordered two iced coffees, a muffin, and a muesli. Our total was $14 - so a pretty good price for Center city. The muesli was delicious and the muffin was good - light and fluffy, and not too sweet. I really liked this place and would definitely come back. It is a great place to read or do work. There is music but it's quiet and relaxing. Happy to have found it!Great things about Nook:
-Amazing atmosphere. I forget that I'm sitting on a crowded city street.
-Great coffee and awesome chai tea lattes.
-Fresh and delicious food. You can tell that it was made with care. (The Mac & Cheese is to die for!)
-Free wifi, great for those days when you need to get out of the office/studio and work a little.
-They are super attentive. After only two or three times of coming, they remembered that I take soy in my drinks, and remind me when I forget. :)
The only bad thing I have to say (if you can even call it that) is that I wish there were more outlets by the tables.The atmosphere is great! The servers/front desk cashier people are the absolute sweetest! Like everyone else said, the Turkey panini is delicious. I've had it twice already! I haven't tried their coffee, their Japanese Green Tea Matcha with Soy Milk is delicious. I order it every time :)
They have assorted baked goods that seem to change daily/seasonally depending on the item.
Space wise it is a little small. There aren't many outlets but I'm sure if you asked someone to share they wouldn't mind. The wifi here is pretty solid and fast.
This is my second time here and I am definitely coming here more often!I just finished my chai latte from Nook and I have 2 things to say. 
1. I like how I ordered a small and it was a small...no tall or other size names. 
2. I really wish I gotten a large because it was delicious. 
The inside of Nook is cozy and it has paintings that appear to be for sale on the walls, I'm assuming from local artists. 
I will definitely go back to Nook when I want anything other then plain coffee. I hope more people will stop by instead of going to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts a few stores away.I'm always on the lookout for a great coffee shop to get some work done, and this fits the bill. Lots of great, comfy work spaces, not too crowded but def. not empty, and good wifi internet. 
Coffee is great, and they can accommodate more discerning coffee fanatics or the regular cup o joe folks. 
And they're good people!Coffee and baked good perfection. And the owners are lovely people. Try the omega muffin (they sell fast in the mornings though) or the pumpkin bread if they have it! My husband and I love this place-- best in Philadelphia.Great mochas!  They make them with double shots of espresso, so you don't have the typical problem of an overly milky or overly chocolaty flavor -- the result is a good mix of coffee, milk, and chocolate.
This alone would be enough to get a hearty recommendation from me, but Nook is spacious and, especially Saturday, lets you linger over a book or computer (with free wifi) so you really get to enjoy the place and not feel like you have to sprint out the door after gulping down your drink.I first "discovered" Nook in 2011 - i was moving between apartments and i was living in delaware for one month over the summer at my sister's house - while waiting for my lease to start in my new spot. i would drive into the city everyday for work and i found a cheapey parking garage on 20th and chestnut which took me past nook every morning on my way into work.  
First off - nook uses french press for everything - even the coffee they have available for on the go. their beans are not fair trade but are a type of direct trade that ensures workers rights and environmental standards have been taken into consideration. 
they offer soy milk and have a ton of different beverages and options. 
this is the cutest little place - it's never crowded and you can get in and out so quickly. everyone who works there, that i have interacted with, has been very informative and friendly.  
it's so funny when i go to nook and it's nice and quiet and then i leave with my coffee and turn the corner to the giant, crowded starbucks on market. i snicker a little thinking "jokes on all of you!"  waiting in line, paying more, getting an inferior latte.  oh well i guess it's better (for me) that this gem is kept under the radar.When I'm travelling through a new city, I love finding little independent coffee shops and bakeries.  Nook is one of the better ones I've encountered in Philly. The coffee is perfectly roasted, without any hints of being burnt or sourness. The baked goods are even better. I only had the chance to sample one of their mini cupcakes (vanilla with lemon), but it was delicious.  Nook is definitely worth a visit, and is a great change of pace from Starbucks.I was incredibly impressed with not only the service and cleanliness but the quality of the ingredients and finished product. The woman behind the counter was so incredibly accommodating. Three of us wanted to share a sandwich and a yogurt to tide us over until we got to dinner a few hours later. She cut our sandwich into 3's and put it on 3 plates with a little salad for each of us. The yogurt she brought out extra cups and spoons and forks. It was so nice of her, because we really would have made due.
I had a "muddy chai" which is a chai tea with espresso. Delicious! The tomato mozzarella panini was on home baked whole grain bread. Fantastic. What a great experience! We all find ourselves in a Starbucks now and again, but honestly, I wish all coffee houses were exactly like this.Good coffee, excellent food!
Came in around closing time during a weekday.  Got a latte, mozzarella and pesto panini and lemon bar.  The latte was very good.  The panini and lemon bar were exceptional! So delicious.  I would definitely come again for coffee or lunch.  
The decoration for the shop is cute with vintage tables and chairs and paintings for sale on the walls.  There are a couple of tables for couples and one larger table for a small group.  Wifi is free if you ask the barista for the password.The Nook Bakery has some very healthy and delicious food options, - as the name suggests - in a nice cozy environment. The establishment has a good location, and kind, helpful, courteous staff behind the bar. Great windows let the sunshine lit up every part of the shop, giving it a friendly, welcoming ambience.Extremely friendly server working the register. Cozy place with comfortable indoor seating. No outdoor seating. Large selection of muffins. The gluten-free corn and blueberry muffin was very good. It was moist and had a lot of berries. My cappuccino was served in a China mug with a foam heart. It had a thick foam. Excellent choice, and a MUCH shorter line than the nearby Bucks. Give this a chance!!Truffles. Coffee Cake. Cupcakes. Breads. Nook offers them all...and some sunshine to help you study.
But the chairs are kind of hard.I absolutely love this place!  I have become such a latte snob lately since I have come across Nook and I refuse to go elsewhere! Thank you for helping me get through my late nights at work with your awesome pumpkin chai latte!Solid coffee spot tucked away on Ludlow street right off market. The spot is very homey and they have a great variety of coffees, pastries, and desserts to satisfy all your cravings! 
The staff there is truly wonderful. Was there for the first time to grab coffee and get some work done. Remembered my name simply from my order and was very proactive in providing the wifi network and password and providing some samples of their pumpkin bread.
The one downside is that it can get pretty noisy and the tables/chairs are not great for getting work done. Tables are really small and especially won't do for group work. There is one larger communal table that would comfortably fit a group of 6! 
Will definitely be back in the future - especially to escape some of the "bigger" coffee shops in town!nice quiet coffee shop to get things done.  soft, charming music in the background with cool paintings all over the cafe.
they serve pastries and sandwiches as well.
soy latte wasnt the best.  after my first sip, i didnt want to finish the rest.  
green tea latte was better-slightly sweet, with green tea flavor.Followed yelp and it led me here.  Delicious espresso pulled by Mike. So sweet and mild, one of the few times not wanting to add sugar or cream. Very delicious coffee. 
I always visit when I'm in town.Holy hell -- this place is incredible.  Stopping in on a cold morning before work, I had planned to get a cup of hot coffee and maybe some sort of breakfast snack, and to do a little bit of reading.  What I hadn't expected was that Nook would have delicious, freshly-baked goodies.  The whole wheat berry muffin I purchased was warm and toasty, with fresh berries baked in.  The coffee, too, was perfect -- not too hot or overbrewed.
I was also very happy with the cafe and staff.  The cafe itself was super clean, with lots of space for fixing one's cup of coffee, and signs for where to leave your dishes afterward.  The staff, too, were really friendly, not just with me but with each other, and very helpful when I had questions.
I was majorly impressed and I definitely plan to spend more mornings doing work at Nook.  It is a breath of fresh air -- we are a city with tons of good cafes, but not too many excellent ones.  Nook is definitely excellent.I've been coming to Nook every morning for the past 2 months and get a 16 oz iced coffee and a lemon poppy-seed scone (which is AMAZING, by the way)! Edna and the crew are honestly the nicest, most welcoming people that I've ever encountered running a business. Yesterday I went into Nook and they were out of my usual scone, so I opted for something else that was also delicious. When I walked in this morning, I was disappointed to see that again, there were no lemon poppy seed scones. Disappointed, I walked to the register and Edna brightened my day by letting me know she had set one aside for me. I was almost in tears because it's the little things, such as this act, that really make a difference. I will happily support Nook for years to come. I don't quite understand why there's always a line outside of the Starbucks just a 15 second walk away, but I'd just like to think those people aren't aware that Nook is just a couple of doors down.This is one of those rare places that you are grateful every day to be able to find amidst all the Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, etc., where quality is at its highest and the owner/staff are wonderful. I go to Nook to get a muffin every single day. Never had a better one anywhere in the world - they are not highly sweet, and are loaded with healthy ingredients. Prices are reasonable! I drink their tea which is fantastic - far superior to Starbucks, etc.The place is a really cool coffee place, the two people who work there are super friendly and both have excellent memories. I've been getting a large black coffee there about once or twice a week for a month now. By week two they knew me by name, and knew my order which is so helpful when you're running late for work. 
As for their food, I can't be a huge help, however they had this cinnamon bun once, which was made with orange zest, that bun was out of this world. The only sad thing is I haven't seen it in like three weeks. But the day it's there im gonna grab another.I stopped by here again today, my fifth Nook visit, and left with such a "5-star" vibe that I had to update this review. Like others have said, the people that work here actually recognize you and take note. I walked in today and the barista grabbed a cup and said "large vanilla latte with whole milk?" and my jaw must have been on the floor. No one has ever remembered my drink for me before! 
I also decided to try a baked good for the first time today since I know they are all made in-house. I got the omega muffin with berries and chia seeds and it was perfect! I only allow myself one visit a week, but this place makes me so happy. I love you, Nook! Someday I want to stand on the corner a block away and yell at all the people with their stupid Starbucks cups to come try you instead! Whoops- did I just say that?Love. Amazing little warm spot for coming in off the cold, thawing, and enjoying a drink. Wonderful space, wonderful drink.could not ask for a more pleasant place to sit out a quiet morning. fresh sweet potato and pecan muffin with ginger orange tea. my wife had a chocolate croissant with a thousand flaky layers. heaven.Love this cozy neighborhood coffee shop. I discovered it in 2012 and was especially enamored of it the more I got to know the lady running the shop. There is nothing more joyful than being a regular somewhere and it makes my day when they know I want the tea latte, a madeleine, and no receipt. They bake some of the most unique madeleines I have ever had right in their kitchen- from star anise to early grey flavored. Highly recommend the detour from Starbucks.I've never had anything to eat here, but their lattes are yummy!Super friendly staff, maybe a bit pricey but worth it. Especially love their (unsweetened) almond milk lattes, which can be hard to find in Philly.If you are looking for a cozy spot to meet a friend, read a book, study for a test or simply to just sit by the window and people watch - Nook is the spot.  The baristas are so kind and the iced drip coffee is delicious and far cheaper than Starbucks next door!  
Best part about this place is the big windows that peer out to the hustle and bustle of Center City, yet you are tucked away in a cozy & peaceful cafe.The food and treats here are amazing! This place totally surprised me as I thought it was a simple cafe. I was so impressed by their herbal tea selection as well so they hit it out of the park on all accounts. Skip the Starbucks on the corner and come here :)Great coffee and quiche, nice artwork on the wall. Great for when you're in the area.Lovely, lovely, lovely! 
Perfect spot to people watch while enjoying an artfully crafted cappuccino. Craving something sweet? How about a fig and pecan muffin? Two of my favorite foods in one  perfect confection. Love! All the other baked goods look amazing and I had to resist buying one of everything (just to sample...). 
Another perk, the music isn't too loud and the place isn't overrun by the laptop mafia. Hooray for Nook!This is my favorite coffee shop in the city. The owners are extremely friendly and the coffee is always incredible. There is no air of pretentiousness that seems to surround other coffee shops in the city. Everything also tastes delicious!
There are even enough outlets to keep studying throughout the day. I would highly recommend this coffee shop to everyone :)Still love this place for my daily coffee and occasional treats. But I also learned they make cakes to order here. It has become my go to place for birthdays and other events. Chocolate cheesecake. Chocolate cake. Anything and everything is amazing.  My absolute favorite is their tiramisu - it's the best I've ever had anywhere. I just ordered it for my dad's birthday and everyone loved it - and I can't stop eating the leftovers.  Everything is so fresh and delicious and very nice owners.Great place to sit, chat, work. It's never too busy or loud. And most importantly, the owner is almost as sweet as her pastries. 
Lemon raspberry bar was delicious-- a balanced tartness and sweetness, with a gooey middle and soft, buttery crust that sticks together when you put a fork through. 
They make their own pastries AND chocolate. I wasn't too blown away by the dark and stormy chocolate that I tried but I'll keep giving it a shot. 
The panini I had was small but tasty and pretty healthy. However the "side salad" is literally a handful of bagged spinach. 
Definitely making this a go to for coffee and pastries.Quiet, good lighting, floor to ceiling windows, wifi, great art by locals, and places to sit with tables. Nice soft tunes like Cat Powers and Norah Jones, with jazzy covers of popular rock songs. 
Had a spinach and mushroom quiche with salad, only $5, hot and delicious. Iced chai non-fat latte? Wish I ordered one size up, $3.50.
Clean place, friendly service.Delicious coffee with a shot of espresso.  It definitely did the trick.
Three instead of four stars because the cookies - while tasty - were on the stale side.
Great coffee, though.A pleasantly quiet and spacious classic local coffee shop!
We had just finished running several miles at around 10am on a Saturday, and decided we needed to stop by some place for a morning nourishment boost. We stumbled upon Nook by chance, but was decidedly gratified by our experience here! 
He loved the coffee there (I don't drink the stuff so I trust his judgment on this), and we also shared a tasty quiche. But my very favorite part of my experience there was definitely the cranberry millet muffin. With incredible texture and delectable freshness, their muffin delightfully surprised me and outshone all kinds of other baked goods that I've had at other comparable coffee shops. I intend to go back and try out more of their delicious goodies!This was a very lovely, cute little coffee place.  It was quite slow when we arrived (which we are fine with), there were only two other people in there working on computers/writing.  This was our breakfast spot for the day (9/7/13) and although the panini press was not ready/turned on, the very lovely man behind the counter said it would not be a problem to make our paninis, it would just take a little longer for the grill to heat up.  That was very sweet of him to make us paninis at 10 am, about 2 hours before they usually make them.  Being out of towners, we had no idea what time they served what, but were very glad he was so friendly.  
The husband and I also bought a pecan bar(mmm), a cowboy cookie, a latte, and he ordered the turkey panini, and I had the mediterreanean panini.  Everything was so great, (especially the panini bread, that was delicious).  
I am glad we had coffee/food here.  It was so inviting and friendly and a very relaxing, enjoyable place.  
It seems like a lovely neighborhood gem.My husband and I love Nook and its owners, Edna and Mike. Nook is exactly what you're looking for in a coffee shop and bakery: a place that's not commercialized, has great coffee/espresso/tea options, and bakes on-site. Mike is as passionate about the perfect coffee roast as Edna is about her baked goods and the quality of the respective beverages and food reflects this. You certainly won't find this type of dedication in any franchise, assembly-line coffee shop! 
I should also give a heads-up to all brides looking for an alternative to the previously frozen wedding cake options found at other local establishments: Edna made our wedding cake as well as cupcakes for our 170-guest wedding and they were PHENOMENAL! We were beyond pleased - they were perfect! They were beautifully presented but most importantly, they were delicious! All of our guests commented on how tasty our cupcakes were and my husband and I decided that our wedding cake was too good to wait a full year...we had some at the 1-month mark and it was still incredibly moist and delicious!
I recommend Nook without hesitation to anyone who is looking for an honestly good cup of coffee (or a fancy espresso drink - your choice), fresh baked goods (best muffins in town), and a friendly environment. Of course, you'll have to get in line behind us. ;-)excellent coffee and amazing ginger mascarpone cake!  but the mini cupcakes weren't as fresh as they could be.  great art on the walls too.  Really great vibe and friendly barista.On the excellent suggestion of a fellow Yelper,   I made my way here to do a little work between off site meetings. 
Free wifi (with purchase)  was fast and *reasonably* secure.    Plenty of tables and counter space for the laptop inclined, and a truly fantastic fruit and greek yogurt parfait.  Freshly assembled, with no wimpy day old strawberries,  silky greek yogurt,  tasty honey, and a cinnamony granola that I'd bet money is house made.   
What's not to love?My preferred cafe and preferred coffee brew. So much so that I brought a cup of Nook's coffee to another cafe, and was lightly reprimanded. 
I'm a bad person. A bad person with good coffee.
No regrets. Sorry but not sorry.I went back for the muffins.  More then once.  They are awesome, particularly the pumpkin (which I think is seasonal).  I also really love the parfait with greek yogurt, and the croissants.  the ginger pu-erh tea is my favorite, so please check it out.I came here on a whim to get away from my usual stomping grounds and I would walk through ice and snow to come back again. 
The Nook offers a variety of espresso and coffee drinks and teas, the location is open and fun without being pretentious or too noisy for work/study. 
However what has really won me over is the quality of the coffee and food. I orderd the bacon and chive quiche with the small side salad. The light vinaigrette dressing has a soft lemony quality with a tiny aftertaste of honey. The bacon and chive quiche is hot, fresh, a tiny bit peppery and the flaky crust tastes homemade. I don't care how far away from my apartment this is I am coming back next weekend and trying some of the fresh baked goodies behind the glass case.
I have found a new love in Philadelphia, and she is called the Nook.I stopped in here on a Saturday morning to grab some coffee before heading to NYC. I opted for a black coffee w/the red eye - two shots of espresso. Coffee was good and service was friendly. The place was pretty quiet inside and seemed nice. I did not try the food, but will if I stop back again.
I found this place through yelp - I was at 30th street station and looking for coffee that wasn't Dunkin, Starbucks, etc.I love this place! The pastry options are incredible. I had a chocolate peanut butter cheese cake bite! SO GOOD! I also really enjoyed my cold brew. Fast WIFI. Art on the walls. What more do you need?Another contender for best coffee shop in the city. Nook has fresh coffee and homemade pastries perfect for new or veteran cafe goers. 
They showed me a written list of flavors to expect in each brew of coffee, for instance it would say "Kenyan brew: malt, terpeny, pungent" so you know exactly what you're getting. I appreciate that attention to detail. 
If I lived or worked in closer vicinity to Nook I would probably be there every day.A nice "hipsterish" looking place. Came initially for the WiFi which btw works very well! I got the dirty Chai latte but it was a bit too sweet for my taste. Added another shot in there but still too sweet. Looks promising but not sure how the other drinks are.The big hug of a coffee shop the big name places just simply can't offer!  Great wrap around couch in the back area for relaxing or doing work, cozy intimate tables, as well as a coffee bar at the window for people watching.  Pretty big area inside for your average coffee joint.  Artwork is presented all over the walls that is for sale - have to appreciate the support of those starving artists.  I feel like I've missed out with all the times I could've worked from here before... It's the perfect coffee shop - their house espresso is rich and not too bitter - soft and frothy.  The house coffee tastes great as well.  Soft Latin music is playing in the background... Just a nice relaxing spot.  Thanks for providing a great alternative to the pushy lines of the others!On my lunch break today I decided to branch out of the usual Saladworks or cart food and look for something new. I turned in the opposite direction and just walked looking for something interesting close by. I almost walked right past Nook, but I'm so glad I didn't! The place is pretty small and low-profile, so it's really easy to miss, but it's definitely worth checking out. I got the iced house blend coffee, which was very refreshing and not badly priced at $2.75 for a 20oz, and a tomato, mozzarella, basil pesto panini, which was $6.50 and came with a side of fresh spinach salad. The panini was made on a multigrain ciabata roll and was very good. I tried to be good so I didn't get a dessert, though I was definitely eyeing the baked goods. Everything looked great.This place is top notch! I just had the best pannini I ever had. Everything I have tried here is scrumptious. I love this place and highly recommend it!House made peach muffin and french press coffee...What more can you ask for?!Wow. The perfect brew.Their hot chocolate tastes like oreos! My favorite pastry here is the eclair which can be messy to eat but the flavor is worth it. Everyone who works there is very welcoming and nice.I've only ever taken their baked goods to go.  You can tell that everything is homemade and that they use high quality ingredients.  However, most of the times that I've gone their the pastries have been stale.  Their rugelach is great if its fresh, otherwise its mediocre.  I've also had an old, dry cookie, and today I had a profiterole that was hard and crunchy. It's too bad.  Service is friendly but I wouldn't go back again.My new favorite coffee shop in the city! Their coffee and baked goods are delicious. The staff is very friendly and they'll always greet you with a smile. Great atmosphere as well, with comfortable couches in the back and beautiful artwork on the walls. 
The only drawbacks are that they close relatively early (5:30pm) and their not open on Sundays. But Nook is a winner in every other way.Cute, independent coffee shop with good quality espresso and lots of handmade unique pastries to choose from.  I think I had a ginger flax muffin (or something similar) that was very light and tasty.Mike and Edna are the best! The coffee is always delicious (as is the chai) and the food never fails to be delicious. Love having such a great local coffee shop.Best, and most underrated, coffee/bake shop in the city. They roast their own beans in house. (You can watch!.) They make all of their own pastries, cakes, and truffles in house. The owners really care about their customers. I have never had a bad experience. Highly recommend.I've tried many different blends of their coffee and a few of their pastries and everything I've had has been great. The staff there is also incredibly welcoming and very responsive to requests for suggestions. I cannot recommend Nook enough!Decent place, different types of seating and an open area for the line so you don't feel like your in people's way, I always appreciate that.  Free wi-fi if you buy something which is fair, prices were ok and the service was pleasant and fast. Lots of treat and food options too.Cute coffee shop that roasts its own beans.  The staff was kind and knowledgeable about all their products.  Their chocolate croissant had delicious crispy layers.  Americano was good, although a slightly bitter aftertaste.This is a great small batch roastery and bakery just outside of Rittenhouse. A must stop for anyone on their way to Center City. The coffee is roasted on site and it's worth stopping by just to see that. 
The usual assortment of coffee drinks - drip espresso and cold brews are available as well as properly done pour-overs. A selection of baked goods and sandwiches are available as well but to be honest I only had the coffee which was excellent.
Staff are very friendly and the place is very clean with efficient service. I can't really ask much more of a coffee place than this!I highly recommend trying their cappuccino, pound cake and chocolate croissant!!! Great ambience ...loved the artwork for sale...In a city with enough small coffeeshops, this one has me coming back time after time. 
I don't know much about coffee, but every cup I've had is tasty (even when black) and strong, and I also love the iced coffee here. But I do know much about muffins, and the baked goods here are great, better than 99% of the ones I find in other coffeeshops. Even the muffins with whole wheat are moist and soft. I'm especially partial to the pumpkin muffins and the ones with apples.
Lastly, LOVE the welcoming feel. Nook is inviting, from the bell that hangs on the door to the fact that the owners know every regular customer. Love coming back here, and wish I could stay here all day. Alas, I've got to work so I can spend my money here.Their gluten free options are not actually gluten free. According to the employee working the day we went in someone with Celiacs should not eat the gluten free baked goods as they are not 100% gluten free.Great place for a cup of coffee and to get work done. First, the coffee. It's actually delicious - probably the best in Philadelphia. Unlike most other coffee shops, Nook doesn't buy their beans from other vendors. Instead, they actually source their own beans from various places in the world. I'm sipping on an ice coffee right now from Brazil, and it's absolutely hitting the spot!
Second, the environment is conducive to get shi*t done. It's small so not too many distractions, very fast wifi, and an overall cool vibe.
Haven't tried the food yet, but will definitely be making this my go to coffee spot to get work done while having a great cup of coffee.Cozy coffee spot that's just outside Rittenhouse Square. Love how it's small batch, local, cozy and just right for a coffee catch-up date or a solo latte. 
I've only had the coffees here which are strong and smooth, but the baked goods always look tempting.Just look at the pictures - nothing else really needs to be said.   Amazing.  Just amazing.  My favorite coffee shop with the most amazing bakery.  And the owners are super friendly, accommodating, welcoming!  This shop seriously keeps getting better with time - they now roast their own beans and make their own beautiful truffles.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  Everyone needs to stop going to the crappy Starbucks around the corner and come here instead.The chocolate chip banana bread is gold. Eating it make's me thing of the Gwen Stefani song Hollaback Girl because it is bananas !Best place on earth to just chill and relax. They have a variety of coffees but the house blend red eye is my staple. The atmosphere and the baristas are on whole different level and vibe. The music is relaxing and one of my favorite places to go to and cozy up with what I love....Peace & Joy #SRPDivine small-batch chocolates.  
Try the mocha fudge. Literally a 40:60 brownie/fudge crossover.
I appreciate how every pastry is made in house.  My Madeline was a little off in texture (not a tender crumb..or was it beginning to stale?), but the flavor was good.  Coffee's pretty good, but I felt the steamed milk fell flat.  
The atmosphere is truly cozy as everyone else pointed out.  All types of seating, as well. Friendly staff.  I can understand why it's a favorite.
I think it may benefit these guys to focus on just a few great pastries and keeping higher fresh turnover, than having the wide variety...but that's just my 2 cents.