I had my boyfriend's 25 birthday party here with a few friends a few weeks ago. I had never been to North Bowl before, but my boyfriend had and liked it a lot. I had 2 lanes reserved for two hours, and a buffet set up to feel all of our friends. 
All of the food was delicious and there was a TON of it. When you book an event here, THEY FEED YOU WELL. I didn't order a bar package, but I found the drink prices to be pretty reasonable, especially for a venue like this. 
If I had to give some criticism, I'd just note that the cashier didn't really give my party any specific directions about when we'd know that our lanes were ready (a few of us had arrived early to get drinks before hand). Other than that, everyone had a great time! 
Oh, and we went there the night Whitney Houston died and the establishment was sensitive enough to pay tribute to the Queen of the Night herself by playing "I Wanna Dance With Somebody." So if you were there the night we lost Ms. Houston, yes, that was me dancing in honor of our sister in soul. God damn you, Bobby Brown. I will never forgive you.I had a wonderful evening out at a friends birthday party last night. The bartender named Katelyn is the truth ! she made the best drinks I had tasted in a long while . she created some of the drinks on the awesome menu. They had so many delicious items on the menu, I tried a few and will be back for more. The  Rabbit flautas Special was  Absolutely  amazing .A  Salmon burger on an English muffin with  red cabbage slaw and a spiced mayo a keeper. Funnel cake French fries 2 orders  so much fun .I will be back very soon to try more of the well balance taste of the North bowl which give 5 star restaurants something to think about!!!! I didn't bowl  but my friends did and had a blast the games where fun and it was so much space to talk and have a great time with friends. highly recommend with reservationsGood thing I put a hold on the bowling wing in my mansion,lol. This place spoils me grand! LOVE the fact that there is a sweet bowling alley with pool tables, pinball, and NO DRESS CODE! (Eat that Lucky Strike!)... then there's more... tater tots!, photo booth;), table pac-man, 2 floors & 2bars - I recommend trying to get the upstairs lanes, there's only two but if you have enough people to get both lanes its an instantly like having the bar and bowling in your living room! The staff is awesome and friendly as well as eye catching;) There's a special on bowling every Sunday & Wednesday after 10pm... Have fond memories of bowling from my childhood and look forward to many more because of this place- keep it up!Nice spot for bowling in the city , seems nice packed , good music . Nice old school look spot. With upbeat tech. Outside is very clean and dog friendlyAh, North Bowl. I give it more like 3 and a half stars. How did someone not yet mention their AMAZING black and white photo booth? Oh gaaaawd, that's the best part! I showed all of my friends the great shots we took and loved that. Okay, it loses a star because the server brought me actual mini corn dogs, not the veggie ones I ordered. But I didn't even ask for a change, because it was so busy and I was so hungry by the time they came.most important thing to know about north bowl:
THEY HAVE THE MOST RIDICULOUSLY AMAZING AND REALISTIC VEGGIE WINGS I HAVE EVER EVER EVER TASTED. 
after craving chicken wings for the past 3 years ive been veggie, i have finally been able to get something so close to the real thing that i no longer have to crave chicken wings. amazing. they are well known for their amazing tots (i like the buffalo kind), but they should be known for these wings, too.
ok. wednesday's here - $2 tots and $2 bowling (after 10). there's always a  waitl ist though so you might wanna go early and put your name in. early as in before 9. there's a bar downstairs and upstairs while you wait.
the decor is nice, sleek, and modern. there's a big lebowski screen shot on the wall. great seating at the actual alleys.
and my second favorite thing after veggie wings: an oldschool photobooth for those cute date photos.Once again, North Bowl provided the setting for a fun get together with our friends and family in the 215. Good as ever.
One problem that cost a star: Lanes 7 & 8 kept experiencing trouble -- odd lane resets (or no resets), trapped balls, etc. The mechanic is always fast to help, but it happened a lot this time. That said, it still isn't bad enough to kill the buzz. Thanks again, North Bowl.
Note: Make sure you call ahead for reservations if you're playing on weekends. That makes all the difference.If I could provide zero stars - I would.  North Bowl used to be a fun spot for bowling and beverages in nolibs...sadly, it has become riddled with less than desirable clientele, bartenders who tip themselves, counter staff who are beyond rude to everyone and a security guard wielding a gun. 
I went to North Bowl with a group of 10 friends for a birthday party.  We expected that the wait would be long on a Saturday night but 4 hours is a bit ridiculous.  We arrived at 8pm and were told to stop back in 1 and a half hours to actually get our wait pager.  The group proceeded upstairs to order drinks and food while we waited.  The food was served cold...nothing like icy tater tots and skin on your melted cheese to start your night off right.  The bartenders also enjoyed keeping change from my friend's $20 instead of letting her decide how much she'd like to tip.  There was also a lovely display of class in the ladies' room with broken glass in each of the sinks...
During our wait we noticed another group of patrons at the next lounge area who appeared to be having a good time until an altercation began between a man and a woman.  They began yelling in each other's face and then became violent with hair pulling, pushing and slapping.  The armed officer who had been patrolling the facility noticed the incident and broke up the fight.  He then told the man that he was to leave only to have another man in the group argue with the officer as well as other women in the group.  They gave the officer extreme attitude and even said "It was [their] right to be here"...he then proceeded to throw the entire party out only to experience more refusal and pushback.  I'm sorry...it's your RIGHT to get violent and begin fighting at a bowling alley and then demand that you should stay??  Their behavior was extremely unacceptable but I was only further shocked when the manager and security guard allowed the group to remain!  
At about midnight, our pager finally buzzed and we went downstairs to bowl.  The $15 per person for 2 games is always a hard pill to swallow but I digress. After such a long wait, we were definitely ready to get our evening started.  As the birthday girl began her turn to bowl, we noticed that her ball didn't return.  She threw another and that also didn't come back.  After the second and third members of our group went and experienced the same issue we pushed the "Help" button.  After waiting 10 minutes, one of our friends had to walk over to the counter to request help in-person.  The guy walked to the back of the lanes and then came out front to address the issue.  After another 10 minutes we resumed bowling only to have the lane break again after 2 bowlers.  Our friend walked over again twice more to have various problems addressed by the staff.  The manager should have recognized that this was a major issue and offered some type of compensation - especially since we were approaching 1am and hadn't even completed 4 frames of our first game (I have to reiterate that we waited 4 hours to bowl and this was what we waited for?!).  
Finally, we had had enough.  When the birthday girl approached the counter with her receipt and asked for our money back, the woman behind the counter gave her extreme attitude.  For some reason, she couldn't understand how we'd be upset after waiting 4 hours, paying over $100 to bowl, not including the $200+ in food and drinks, and then experiencing 3 separate problems that caused stoppage in our game.  She was told only $12 per person could be refunded but not the $3 for shoe rental - I thought that was complete BS...give me my full amount.  The girl literally threw the money at my friend - literally.  They did allow us to finish our 1 and only game - at least until the lane broke again. 
My friend called the following day and asked to speak to the general manager about the unpleasant experience.  She was told the GM would return her call - she's still waiting. 
Overall, our experience was so disgusting that I don't plan to EVER return to North Bowl.  I hope their complete disrespect to paying, decent customers while catering to clientele who start fistfights serves them well.  I'd rather go to Lucky Strike or the burbs for bowling...it's definitely not a 4-hour drive.Out with a friend a few nights ago, we decided to go to North Bowl, since I utterly failed to get tickets for the Body Worlds II exhibit at the Franklin.  Yes, they're easy to get, and yes, I am an idiot, and yes, my procrastination got the better of me.    Note to self: Do not wait until the last minute to buy tickets for ANY exhibit, anywhere, at any time. It is rarely successful. 
Remembering my Yelp friend Monica's review for North Bowl, I knew there were a few recommendations to remember when I got here. I think the first thing I noticed is that sadly, the vending machine did not have any of the 1950's era, three-dollar "How to Get Along With Girls" booklets in stock, which I really really wanted, because it sounds hilarious. Maybe I can get one from Amazon. Another thing I missed out on is ordering the award-winning Tater Tots (next time for sure)!  I'm not joking - they really have won awards - you'll see!  And the lastly, there was no way I was going to "let her win"...because my friend Michelle is an avid bowler and is more than capable of winning without the slightest bit of my help!  (She won the second of two games).   In the end, it was a really good time. The beer selection is quite nice....not huge, but very good in what they do offer. I would also stick with the popular suggestion of going here during off-peak hours (weekdays/nights). It's not a very big bowling alley, and it's easy to see how it could be packed on a weekend night.  It's also a tad expensive, but who cares - it's not like you're going to bowl here THAT often. It's definitely something fun for a change.This place is fantastic when you can get a lane.
My group waited for several hours one Saturday night and ended up getting too drunk to bowl anyway.  They give you a beeper that buzzes when your lane is free and ours never buzzed, sadly...
Instead, we just played pool on the mezzanine level and chilled on the couches.  There are also some mini private lanes upstairs that can be rented out for private parties.
Star off for the ridiculous waiting times.  Also, the area is a bit scary at night with my friend being robbed at gunpoint while walking home from the lanes (only two blocks).  But don't let that put you off.  If you wanna bowl, bowl!  Don't let a little gun crime stop you.Zack R was so viable to to this location of bowling so happy and Ellie taken care of us so respectfulso you might not think of the north bowl for a wedding venue but i would suggest you reconsider. my mister and i chose this incredible place to get married and have our halloween themed reception there this month. from the moment we met heather and her team we knew we wouldn't be disappointed! they made planning everything so easy and fun and they took care of everything! we rented the upstairs loft for 4hours, the pricing was VERY reasonable for everything that was included... a HUGE delicious menu and drink package, a chocolate fountain and signature "magic cauldron" drink, flower arangements, decorations, linens, lighting, shoe rental, quarters for games, valet service for our guests, security and complete set up and breakdown of everything! and i have to say sooooo many of our guests tod us it was the most fun wedding they have ever been to and we have to agree!!! the staff here really knows customer service and how to go ABOVE and beyond to please! there is honestly not one single thing we would have changed about our wedding at the north bowl (only if we could have made it last foerver! lol) thank you all for making our day BEYOND what we had even imagined! it was just perfect and i know i will always smile every time we reminisce about it! mad love to you all!I like this place I've been here a couple of time and plan on going again.  But if you have a large group you may want to show up a little early to get an aisle.Chill, cool and clean place. Good food, music and people. Good service as well!! Pet friendly as well.So... First I'd like to talk about the tots. I'm currently heading home in a tot coma. There were pizza tots, crab tots, garlic tots, and buffalo tots. #noregrets
Oh and the bowling is great too. It's a fun ambiance and the best nights are when they have a DJ playing in the middle of the lanes. Service is really good and you'll have a waitress come to your lane so you don't have to miss out on the game to grab a drink!
A few downsides are that bowling is cash only, they don't take reservations and there aren't very many lanes. Though, they do have a full bar to hang at while you're waiting for lanes to open up!I don't know where to start, so i'll begin with the ambiance. I'm a big fan of the character of an establishment, and this one has that retro throwback appeal for a bowling alley. After that it goes downhill for me. I wanted to like the place, but there bartenders are assholes! If you have a full service bar you shouldn't tell customers your unwilling to make a drink if it isn't on the establishment menu. While I pondered to myself about what kind of drink I might ask for, I took a little once over inventory of the liquor behind the bar. I can't remember what I asked the lady bartender to make, but it didn't matter because she shut me down emphatically. "If it isn't on our menu we can't make it" Huh, really? I was automatically pissed. Ok, so what I took a mixology course. They tell you a good tip is $1 per drink. They also tell you not to tell customers you can't make a drink. A good bartender will appease the customer, and look up the recipe for a drink. This is a sports bar/bowling alley. Their drinks and menu are underwhelming and that's being too kind. The food is crap. Tater tots are for elementary and middle school.  Finally the bowling experience isn't any better. I still have a coupon for two free games because the lane scoring and ball return were sticking and just simply not working properly.  This happened on two different occasions. I see alot of positive reviews here, but I simply can't relate. I'm not patronizing your business with my money after my experience here. I recommend Lucky Strikes or Facenda Whitaker as they have better lanes and food. Facenda has it's own sports bar Steppy's with an outdoor covered deck with separate entrances.Love this place - friendly staff and good food and beer. Can be tough to get a lane weekend nights, but you can't blame them for being popularWent there last Saturday night for a bday party for my gf.  Unfortunately, you cannot reserve a lane ahead of time, you have to go there and put your name on the waiting list and wait until a lane is available.  I called around 4pm and asked about the wait for a 7pm start time, and I was told "get here as soon as you can" and was there around 5pm (from talking to the staff the normal wait time for a lane on Saturday is 1.5-2 hours).  They really should consider taking reservations with a credit card so you don't have to sit around for hours waiting for a lane to open up.  Another thing, they only allow 7 people to bowl per lane, so if you have more than 7 people in your party, and you go on a Saturday night, you're SOL and some of you are not going to be bowling.
The table for our lane wasn't bused when we got there - there were empty glasses, food, napkins, puddles of liquid, etc. lying around.  Took a bit of time for someone to come over to clean up.  Waitress service is a slow, faster just to go the bar (where there is an equally overworked bartender) and order drinks from there.  The waitress seemed a bit po'ed that some of us got drinks from the bar and not from her.  One of our party ordered a burger from the bar and waited about 30 minutes for it to be served (I guess they had to send the cow to grad school first?)
Unlike other bowling alleys, they charge you per hour, rather than for the lane, so if you have a lot of people in your party, NB is making bank.  Also, since it was a Saturday, we were limited to playing only 2 games, which was a disappointment.  Best time to go seems to be during the week and avoid it on a Friday/weekend (it's also much cheaper during the week).
If you go there before 9, be aware that there are going to be unsupervised kids running around.  Thankfully, no one under 21 is allowed after 9.
The music they played was very good, but a bit too loud, as it was very difficult to carry on a conversation with someone standing next to you.
We couldn't go to the upstairs where the air hockey, pool table and other games are, as there were back-to-back private parties and the entire upstairs was off limits.
The bathrooms were not clean and seemed like they belonged in a municipal sports stadium.  I can't believe a facility as nice and clean as NB would have bathrooms like that.A-Ok. Pretty cool atmosphere and Tots are pretty damn good... I'm going to come back, but I'm pretty annoyed with the fact that on a Saturday afternoon with plenty of lanes open they put 4, 13 year olds in our booth with no parental supervision.  We all felt a bit weird getting drunk in the middle of the afternoon with them literally sitting on our table, I feel bad for the waitress honestly, bc she probably could have made some good tips if the asshole at the front desk didn't make us into camp counselors for the afternoon. My advice, go bowling at night not for a saturday funday drinkfest.Clean, hip, and voted best tater tots.I've been to North Bowl a few times in the past years. Tonight, I came to celebrate my friends 22nd birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLARE. We come in on a Thursday night, around 7pm. The wait is an hour and a half, which seems to be the norm for bowling these days. It's become so popular. We decide to put in our name and eat while we wait. GET THE TOTS. Any kind is good. Trust me. Our waiter was friendly. The food was good. We enjoyed it. We were eating and having conversation during our wait, which was about two hours. Our time comes to go to the lanes upstairs. We had 6 total people. We had to be split in two groups of 3. But once we reach the counter we were told that a private event is happening upstairs the person at the counter was unaware of, and we can only play one game, and asked if it was alright. I replied that it wasn't, because we waited two hours with the expectation we will be bowling much longer. I asked if we could bowl on the bottom floor, she said yes. Gave us the price of $65 for the 6 of us to bowl, with my assumption that it was for two games. Then we find out it's only one game and it's a possibility we will bowl a second game after we finish our first. The person at the counter was busy so I spotted the manager, Amanda, who was super polite and really helpful. She heard me out and instantly apologized and mentioned that we will get a second game and that she would cover it for us. She didn't have to do that, so to me, it showed her heart in being excellent and keeping great service and understanding for her guests. 
I'd come again, simply because of Amanda and her quick, without a hesitation, willingness to make things right for us, no questions asked.I am a very big fan of North Bowl. They have reasonable prices for a bowling alley in the city, it's clean, and the food/drinks are pretty good.  Usually the wait to bowl isn't too long. The only reason this place doesn't get a five from me is because the last time I was there was for a work function, and they kicked us out ten minutes before our reserved time was up because another party was coming immediately after us. I thought that was a bit tacky...I went to North Bowl for the first time Sunday night for a friend's bday. We got the private lanes upstairs - was definitely a clutch move - the bar was right next to us. I like this place better than Lucky Strikes - drinks are way cheaper as well as the food. The artichoke and cheese dip was banging as well at the tater tots - and $2 cans of Dale's Pale ale never hurts!I have been hitting up this spot ever since it opened a little over 5 years ago.  A bowling alley may seem like a corny spot to go and grab some food & drinks however this place breaks the mold.  The best way to describe it, an upscale loungy bowling alley with plenty of activities to keep you busy if you happen to have to have to wait for a lane.  With 2 full bars (upstairs is large & rounded, my personal preference bc you can overlook 8 of the 16 downstairs lanes, great for people watching) there are pool tables, fooseball, air hockey, dome hockey, as well as several other arcade games.  The music is almost always on point, frequent live DJs which result in the occasional dance party (or attractive servers hoola hooping (Vicki)). 
  The staff has always been super friendly as well as great eye candy!  Not only is there a great liquor and beer selection, the food is better than one would expect.  A Smörgåsbord of tater tots (The "Wake 'n' Bake") are to die for.  Great snack food to fill one's liquored up stomach!  Sliders...thumbs up, fish tacos...delicious (i prefer the fish fried, of course I'm American)!   
  Whenever I have friends in from out of town they always ask me to take them there...it's a great spot to start your night off, and odds are your night will also end here.I have never had a bad experience here. 
I have been here maybe a little over ten times. The prices are not terrible and it is a fun place to go with friends.
I have also celebrated two birthdays here before that were great. 
Getting a lane does take a long time but if you plan wisely you can get one sooner, if not, there is always food, the bar, or arcade games!
Staff is always friendly and accommodatingVery cool spot. Nice atmosphere and many things to do. Pool. Bowling, ice hockey and Pacman machines. Good food too.I love, Love, LOVE the interior of North Bowl.  However, to be ensured a lane, you need to pick an obscure time to go, like on a random Sunday morning after an early brunch in NoLibs.  The atmosphere is very pleasing, but there just aren't enough lanes!
But of course I'll be going back for more, because Nobody fucks with the Jesus.I LOVE North Bowl. We went here for a friends birthday and got a couple of lanes, it was so much fun! There is a limited amount of bowling lanes, so I would recommend making a reservation on a Fri or Sat night. Their food is also positively delicious, albeit extremely terrible for you. It's comfort food that is worth the calories it'll cost you! For center city prices (and compared to the other bowling alternative in center city) it's relatively inexpensive. It comes to about $9 a person to bowl incl. shoes.I really, really love this place. Great bowling, great drinks, great tater tots, great mac & cheese, great games upstairs, great everything! Sometimes the service can be itchingly slow, but I'm usually having too much fun to care.north bowl makes my heart sing. 
air hockey
always a bell's selection on the menu
tater tots - delish
great retro modern decor
plenty of lounging area
photo booth
2-bars in one building - hello?!
love you north bowl.When I first moved to Philly my friend wanted to take me to this bowling alley.  I was not too excited (bowling is not my forte and I could think of a lot of other ways to have a good time). 
But boy was I surprised when I stepped into North Bowl.  You would never know there is such a cool, HUGE, retro-modern bowling alley inside of here.  Even if you don't like bowling this place will make you a convert.
The food is pretty good too:  I love the corn dogs and tots!  I did try the tots with sour cream, cheese, and bacon and was not really a fan of those.  But the basic tots rock!
This used to be my Sunday night spot when they had $2 bowling.  Now $2 bowling has been moved to Wednesday night and for some reason this time slot just seems a little difficult (probably why they offer it lol).  Anyway, North Bowl is good for groups, a date, parties, and just overall good times :-) 
P.S. The upstairs has an AMAZING lounge.  Somehow they managed to have pool, video games, and air hockey up there and still make it feel sexy and grownup.Even with a lengthy wait on my last visit, I've never had a bad time at North Bowl. The hour-plus wait for the lane still didn't kill it, because on Friday at happy hour, it's what you expect. That's why they take reservations. We didn't make one this last  time, but did on a previous group trip and it was super smooth. Call in advance if it's a concern.
I don't worry about hipsters. And if you do, then what are you doing in NoLibs anyway? When I've gone here with friends, I'm focused on our group, the lanes, the pitchers, the tater tots and pretzel bites, the tunes, and if there's a wait, the pool tables. In that order. And it's served me and the different crews I've been with very well -- no matter how bad we all are at bowling. Can't recall anyone not having a blast there. 
Service downstairs has always been fine to excellent on my visits. The upstairs is no problem either because the bar is steps away from your lane. The place is clean, the equipment is in top shape, and it's a very different vibe than your PBR-league bowling alleys. I'm okay with either type, but given a choice, I'll take North Bowl every time (it wins for all the reasons above). And every trip back to Philly, I do. Highly recommended.I visited this bowling alley with my wife and her friends. At first site, i thought i was in a hipster hangout...lots of tattooed youngsters  who were all friendly and helpful. But the crowd that visit this place is very diverse! While waiting for our ally, we sat at the bar and ordered a couple drinks and i ordered the burger with sauteed onions and blue cheese (it was delicious). My recommendation is to reserve an ally early or call ahead. Also, supposedly there is a great groupon or living social deal! As for the bowling ally, we had alot of fun. I recommend checking out the top floor. They have pool tables, a lounge, video games and a second bar.I am not a skilled bowler by any means unless the skill is to get the ball in the gutter because I excel at that.  However, I really enjoyed my Friday evening out here even though I definitely lost the game.  
        The atmosphere as others have mentioned is really cool and retro.    Orange is the dominating color.  The seats around our lane were comfy and sofa like.  They have almost every color of bowling ball available except black, which I found amusing.  There were a couple tables to place your drinks on when it was your turn to bowl.
       I hadn't been bowling since high school, and my memory of a bowling alley is a smelly, smoky dirty place full of teenagers and bad music.  North Bowl looks clean, trendy, has a variety of songs playing, and has waitresses that bring drinks to you lane!  They have actual cocktails too, not just beer, and they are reasonably priced at about $6 a piece. The first cocktail I had was a creamy coffee liquor drink that was delicious!  The name escapes me though.  The second one tasted like cough syrup, and I couldn't even drink it.  It was the Absolute Acai Ginger Martini.  If you hadn't told me that's what it was, I would have sworn it was cold medicine.   Stay away from that.
       It is true that this place is super packed on the weekend.  We had reservations, so they took our large party in quickly to our two lanes that were reserved.  The only thing I didn't like, is that if you want to stay and bowl longer you really can't.  The place is so packed, that once you've played your game, it's time to go.  At least there are a lot of cool places nearby in Northern Liberties, so you don't have to go home just yet!I am a huge fan of North Bowl but I am resorting to my very first Yelp review to include a note about the rudeness and unprofessionalism of North Bowl's private event staff.
I contacted North Bowl to inquire about availability for a private event.  Their website does not include contact information for a designated private event planner (which is unusual), so I followed the instructions and submitted an online inquiry via their website.  I included a note in my first online inquiry (as well as my follow-up online inquiry 2 days later and my follow-up voice message another day later) that I had a limited time frame and was hoping to finalize my event plans immediately.  I finally received a return phone call after 4 days (3 days later than every other venue, including the one I booked with).  I absolutely would expect a more timely response from an event manager who is responsible for coordinating private events (which can cost thousands of dollars), and I told her as much.  I suggested North Bowl list an address for the event manager on their website, to which the employee I spoke with replied (sarcastically) "awesome, we'll take your advice. click".  I waited 4 days for a 15 second phone call and the employee hung up on me.
Fortunately, I had already booked my $3500 event with another venue.  I'm disappointed because at first I actually did want to host my event at North Bowl and I am shocked by the rudeness of the employee I spoke with.  I think basic professionalism would advise against hanging up on customers, particularly those who are interested in spending a lot of money hosting a private event at your establishment.
I will never again attempt to host an event at North Bowl and I will inform others to refrain from doing so as well.  There are hundreds of wonderful venues in Philadelphia, all of which are staffed with professionals who are eager to assist you in planning a lovely event for your guests.  North Bowl is not one of them.This place is so sexy and hip! I'm a DCist and I'm sad to say we have nothing like this. Ultra spacious, sleek, artsy, multifunctional space that is sure to please all. Between the bar, food, lounge areas, pool tables, bowling lanes, and arcade games, you're bound to find something that suits your fancy and remain entertained all evening. The DJ was pretty great, mixing Radiohead, Salt 'n' Pepa, and everything in between. The upstairs bathrooms consist of a row of spacious unisex single bathrooms with large pedestal sinks and two mirrors, which was such a great luxury for a change! We were there late Sunday night, and it seemed like everything cost $2! I guess there were some sort of specials going on. Cheap bowling and tater tots make for a great evening. If only I had any semblance of bowling skills, I could have a good time and still retain my self esteem at the end of the night. Minus 1/2 star for making me feel slightly crappy for sucking it up (too bad if that's not their fault).. and minus the other half for making it absolutely freezing in there on Sunday night! The chicks will dress hotter if you keep it warm, North Bowl! Anyway, I can't wait to return!Great place to bowl but horrible if your expecting great service. We walked and asked to show ID which was not a problem. We sat in the dinning area and watched the waitress completely ignor our presence. We went to the bar to place an order - our order took long and when our food was put in front of the bar tender to serve he let is sit for few minutes before we asked him if that was our order. i could go on but the bottom line is, unless your friends with the servers the service will be horrible. BTW the Tots were good lolRainy cold day in April on our Philly visit...what to do with bunch of tween teens? North bowl! A blast, good old fashion bowling. Great place, good food and cocktails. Pac-Man 4 player, video games, air hockey, etcIf you're craving comfort food, this is your place!!! The best Mac-n-cheese I have EVER had (it's homemade, cheesy and topped with goldfish crackers) - YUMM!!! They offer a variety of flavored tater tots (I suggest Buffalo flavor). My boyfriend says they have the best grilled cheese he has ever had!! Bar is always offering drink specials and all is reasonably priced. Check it out for yourself.I brought about 20 friends to North Bowl for my birthday party.  We all had a real good time.  The servers and the events people did a great job and they kept my people happy.  The lounge upstairs is perfect for hanging out with a large group.  Best of all it's affordable.  Thanks, North Bowl!We arrived Sunday afternoon with 11 people. It was my B-day and my choice. WE ALL HAD A BLAST! We reserved  lanes, ordered some nibble food and cocktails. By far the best Cosmo. Loved the atmosphere, very retro but real. Our waitress Samantha, was so nice and attentive. They have a terrific menu for the spot. We enjoyed the Hummus, tots, pretzels and edamame. Next time we'll try more but we had plans for after. We'll all be back. I highly recommend North Bowl. 
PS. They sell socks there if someone forgets theirs. BRILLIANT!Outside of a bit longer of a wait than expected (which is perfectly fine for a group of 11) North Bowl was hella bomb. Staff is great, food is god, drinks are reasonable. You can play pool, pinball, or 4 person PAC man. My favorite thing was definitely the seating area while we waited for lanes to open up, great opportunity to talk before you get all competitiveI just went there Monday evening for a low key get together with my girlfriends.  This place is absolutely AWESOME!  Granted, I didn't go on a weekend when it seems to be too crowded to move.
They have beer specials all days of the week--and Monday they had $3 craft drafts.  Yes, I was drinking $3 hoegaardens and loving every minute of it.  
The only caveat:  Don't order the pizza taters.  They are not good.  I recommend the bacon, sour cream, chives (basically loaded potato skin) tators and the pretzel bites with cheese!Cool place to bowl and drink. Tots are on point. Waitress was attentive.Quick pop up trip on a Friday night and sat at tiki bar while waiting for a lane.  Drinks were fun and reasonably priced.  It is a good quick date night outing or for a group event.  Games and shoe rentals are cash only.  Really really enjoyed the music.  They played a little bit of everything and for everyone.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the veggie wings were not  appetizing at all; the garlic truffle tots were all that.  Looking forward to my next visit.What a nice surprise! We went with a group, adults/kids; it was such a nice time. The menu is not your typical frozen bowling alley pizza. There is a great variety of items that are super tasty. The atmosphere is great and the staff is super nice. If you bring kids go early, it gets very busy and they do not allow kids after 9p.
We will definitely be back!I'm not too shabby at Wii bowling. Bowling Buddies on Facebook can keep me occupied for hours. But real life bowling...uh, I kinda suck at it. Actually, I really, really suck at it. But that didn't stop me from having a great time at North Bowl with the bestie. 
We went around 6 on a Saturday night and got a lane right away. It was about $30 for 2 games + shoes for the two of us. Much to my delight, the shoes weren't skeevy at all and they spray them down as soon as you return them so you won't get some random foot stink on you.
We ordered some apps (pizza tots and spinach & artichoke dip) to eat while we bowled, but it took a long time to arrive and we were almost done with the second game when they arrived. We were starving so we gobbled it up but both agreed that they were not so hot. 
Just like my bowling game. Yeah, I scored a 38. I should probably stick with electronic sports, but humiliating myself in public is just too entertaining. Consider it my gift to you (hey, it's better than a fruitcake).I really like North Bowl! Their food (tater tots and pretzel bites!!) is awesome and the atmosphere is pretty cool. It gets crowded, but its a great place to do something different on a weekend where you can drink without just standing around in a loud, crowded barIf the option to go to North Bowl or Strikes in Uni City comes up again in the future, I will definitely do the half hour trek out to No Libs for North Bowl.
We took my roomies' bro here and it turned out to be a great call.  We had to wait till 10:30pm because of a private party, but the cool thing was that the bouncer gave us coupons for a free game too.
Second,  I love that they embraced the Big Lebowski's impact on bowling...images of the Dude are plastered all over the place from that iconic movie.  Third, the waitresses were great in bringing our beer pitchers and I really really like the tater tots.  The music selection was also great as it was pretty cool to bowl with Johnny Cash being played over the stereo system.
Definitely a fun place to go for bowling and worth the 20 minute trek from West PhillyWalking to North Bowl from Barcade was an interesting experience -but not relevant here so I digress...
This is a bar/bowling alley with a few games up the top floor (foosball, big buck hunter, pool etc). There weren't any lanes open when we got there, so we were handed a buzzer, got some drinks and went up to play games.
Surprisingly quickly our buzzer went off and we headed up to the counter.
First was shoes. They take ONE shoe when you get your loaners. This is kind of annoying - if they took both, it would be a nice feature, but they don't have the room. Instead, it feels like they don't trust you to return the shoes (they don't).
We were told we had time for 1 game. In the end, we got a second lane for the second game and talked the guy into letting us do a second game.
Great variety of weights for balls. The waitress was really nice and even hung out for a bit giving us advice on late night places (it was already 1:30am). Sure, one was a strip club, one was a place that may not have been. 
Fun place, a tad expensive, but great give (once you get over the shoe thing)I had a great time at North Bowl last night. My date and I showed up a little after 8 with no reservation. They were super apologetic that we would have to wait 10-15 minutes for a lane(completely reasonably, as I said, we had no reservation and it was a Friday night). Luckily they have multiple bars(one inside, one outside with lawn games). We were given a pager and got some delicious cocktails at the bar. 
Less than 10 minutes later our buzzer went off and our lane was ready. We got our shoes and had an awesome time bowling. We had a great waitress bring more drinks to us at our lane, and despite not being serious about bowling, thought all the statistics the advanced scoring system gives you(meaning average points for first bowl, average speed of ball, etc.). And they had a great eclectic mix of music. It was very chill, we didn't feel rushed and it was super reasonable cost-wise. I will absolutely be back!
One tip, paying for the bowling/shoe rental is CASH ONLY(they do have an ATM). However, you can pay for all your alcohol and food with a card.Fun,exciting & out going atmosphere!
Celebrated my husbands 35th B-day party here had a group of about 20- 22 family & friends.  We had a buffet style layout and unlimited call bar drinks for 2hrs.  The Baja fish tacos were excellent among other things.  I reserved 3 lanes and in my opinion space was reasonable,  Everyone had lots of fun & I was happy this place allowed me to bring in an adult themed cake, that BTW everyone LOVED!!! It was definitely a party to remember.
But.........There is a but, My waitress was nice & pleasant but extremely slow, all night it was like where is she???  And not to mention we had someone try and crash our party, thanks Phil!
Overall we had a great time!!! Definitely recommend and we'll be back.Our lane was problematic all night with several malfunctions in the equipment.  We order 3 pitchers of yards pale ale and they did not tell us this was $8 dollars more than there other beers!  So they charged us $20 a pitcher instead of $12 and when we confront the waitress she said, "Oh I didn't think price matter to you".  What are we made of money?  It would have been nice to know.  We just paid our ridiculous bill and left.Great for when you want to get away from the typical bar scene for a night. And any place with a menu that revolves around tater tots and mac & cheese is good in my book. They have a bowling happy hour and great bar specials throughout the week. Service can be a little slow, but at least your bowling!My boyfriend and I come here every once in a while and always have a good time. The bowling is pretty affordable - $5 for shoe rental for each person, and $5 for each person for each game. We also ordered food and drinks. I had an Old Fashioned which was a little weak and water downed but otherwise OK. We ordered the bao buns, Korean chicken tacos, and the hummus. We usually love the bao buns but this time they were lacking in amount of meat and sauce. The Korean tacos were very good. The hummus was a bit too salty and I was disappointed that the "vegetables" were fried in copious amounts of oil. I was looking for something healthy on the menu and hoping for raw vegetables. Overall we'd recommend this place - they have a wide variety of arcade games and the food and drink is pretty good considering it's a bowling alley.I had so much fun at North Bowl on my birthday.  And I loved their tater tots...  
Plus I kicked ass at some air hockey!
If you are just looking to bowl, and not make a night of it, I would suggest going somewhere else, only for the fact that all of the extras there make it a bit expensive in comparison to a regular bowling alley!  
But I did like the experience better than Lucky Strike.Bad service with a bunch of friends. Even worse, the cups that the beer was in was not washed well. I had to ingest soap with my beer. It made me ill. The burger was okay but small. The fries were the best of the lot and they were average. I didn't get to bowl since I didn't feel good after ingesting so much soap. The beer selection was pretty good however. Overall, not a place I would return to.I've never been to a bowling alley where all the rage isn't on the lanes, the drinks or the cocktail waitresses, but moreso on the tots... tater tots, that is.  The menu hosts approximately 10 different ways to get your tots... Spanish style, crabby, disco (not sure about those tots), wakin'-bacon, you get the point.  It was a real difficult tasks to decide on the tots that were right for me; I kept think of Napoleon Dynamite putting tots in his pants pocket and the bully smushing them!
But aside from the food, this is a great place to get your center city bowl vibe on without having to actually go into center city.  In fact, I'd pick this place over Lucky Strike any day.  It gets crowded, but there's tons of space to grab a drink, bowl a little, lounge around if need be (in the lounge) and get your tot-on.  The overall design is very industrial meets techno and I totally dig it.I love's me some North Bowl. This place blows chain Lucky Strike in Center City out of the water! The atmosphere is wonderful. A bunch of lanes, really nice lounge area with Mies van de Rohe chairs, and an awesome menu.
On week days the have all different bowling leagues, dedicating certain nights to certain professions, eg. Monday is Marketing Night. So in addition to bowling, the serve as spot for professional networking. Sweet!Bowling was fantastic but we waited 2.5 hours for a lane on Saturday. I'm not so sure about the food....the fried green tomatoes were terrible, but the seitan wings were good. Although they have vegetarian side dishes and appetizers there isn't much in terms of hearty meals for vegetarians.Great place. Staff are helpful, bathrooms are clean and food is great. Just wish it was a little cheaper or offered maybe a happy hour.You wanna do everything fun adult activit yat the same time?? Well north bowl is it. This place gets crowded at times but it's a good time. Nice staff,  good drinks and I can beat my wife in a game of pool. The food is meh, your average bar food.Great spot for a birthday party, taking teenage nephews out or even a date night. The tater tots are BANGING! It's a shame it's pretty pricy during the weekend but they do have specials during the week. 
There's plenty of room to hang out or grab drinks or play foosball you wait for a lane.So fun! Great combination of bar, bowling, food, billiards and blast-from-the-past feeling. We went on a Thursday night. A few lanes were available first-come, first-served, so we took our beeper over to a table and sampled some drinks and munchies while we waited. There's a whole section of the menu devoted to tots with various toppings...hooray! But their other food is great as well. I had a very good soup and some veggie empanadas. Just as we finished up our food, our buzzer went off and we bowled 2 games while the wait staff kept up nicely on our drink orders. There was a two-game maximum, or else we would have stayed all night. The whole gang agreed we will definitely be back. 
Check out the vending machine with candy cigarettes, retro candy and toys. Too fun!Yay North Bowl! Two best parts: margaritas and tater tots. Yum. Bowling's not bad either. If you plan on bowling, definitely bring cash. You can use cards for food & drink, but not for bowling which is a little annoying. They get REALLY crowded on weekends, and there's usually a wait, but there's a decent amount of room at the bar if you just want to hang out. They have a photo booth and a vending machine that sells games and moustaches. It's a little hipster-y at times, but every time I've been here I've had a lot of fun. Just be prepared to deal with crowds and definitely bring cash.
And seriously: MARGARITAS AND TATER TOTS. What more can you ask for?I can honestly say, I did not expect AT ALL what I walked into going into North Bowl. I expected a kind of dingy christmas lights still hanging, musty little bowling alley. Uh what, COMPLETELY wrong on all counts here. This place is incredible. Done & Done.
I met a friend here one night, which later turned into 5+ more friends meeting us here. I was given shoes and added onto the next game, completely comped. Is that not good enough? Let's keep going then, the tots have been beaten up with compliments - but really, they deserve it! Alright next, the photo booth! If you're lucky to get lane 13 like my group, you can keep bowling and take pictures- then bowl again and wait the 5-7 minutes for your pictures to pop out! 
The staff is great, the place is clean clean clean, food is delicious and your beer is brought to you by the pitcher as you do your lucky dance down the lane for that strike (okay, or the gutter ball- it's all acceptable in my book).We went on a Wednesday when the price for bowling and shoe rental was cheaper. The wait was very long. Service wasn't great, but it wasn't awful. Tater tots were very good! Employees were generally pleasant and helpful. Good place for groups, but be prepared to wait.Last time I was here I bowled my first turkey. Possibly the best game I ever bowled. I left pretty satisfied. Although I was there on a Mon night so they closed early, I kinda wanted to stay longer, next time I guess. They have a good selection of beer, and every one always tells me about how good the tater tots are. I will get them next time I swear. If you look closely when you walk in, there is a Big Lebowski script signed by dif stars of the movie.Nice.  I prefer the smaller upstairs lanes near the dj booth; it's cozier.  Bonus points for free late night shots of wild turkey, gratis from the owner.  When you first walk in there is a tiki bar theme going on... which I don't really understand. Otherwise, this is a sweet little bowling spot that thankfully does not yet reek of stale beer and wet shoes.Really fun atmosphere! Came here on a Thursday night at 9 with a group of 10 to bowl. It was a really different but fun night out! Drink options are good and the prices were really reasonable. You can buy socks if you forgot yours, like I did for only $2. The place was really big. It is also fun because you can message other bowling lanes, we had a ton of fun writing messages. I would definetly recommend it as a fun night out with a group of friends.I'd give North Bowl 5 stars if it wasn't for some of their employees.  Our waitress was fantastic, and so were some of the servers/bussers, but the guy behind the counter was so terrible that I almost left, even though we had more than ten people with us.    Honestly, I'm just not into feeling bad about myself for not knowing exactly how things work.  If it's cash only, and I hand you my credit card, don't say, "First of all, we only take cash" in the snottiest voice you can muster.  If I ask how much it is a person, don't say, "I don't know." I mean, come on. Also, after asking if some of our friends could pay separately, don't say no but then let the people behind us do it.  We are there to use your service, and buy food and drinks (which we got a TON of of).  Sorry if that puts you out.  This was all after I had called a few days before and I was told that I couldn't make a reservation, and then people there obviously had them.  
It's just a shame, because it's a cool spot with great food and half the staff or more is totally lovely.  I just happened to have a few crappy experiences which put a damper on what should have been a good night.   I wouldn't go there again with more than one or two other people.I dig this place, it's huge, has a great beer selection and lots of room to hang out.  One day i hope to get a chance to actually Bowl here...Decent place to bowl if you have a reservation for a lane.  I will say I was only there once but the service was awful and I doubt I'll return.  Nice place, clean, roomy, but awkward with the way it's laid out and the service alone was bad enough that I'll likely not return.I have been here twice and love it.  Everything about this place is amazing: the decor, the bowling, the food (I had the Greek tacos), and the drinks.
The cost of bowling is reasonable (I think, I don't bowl too much) and the food and drinks are pretty cheap (especially for the quality of the food).I used to have a strict policy about eating and bowling at the same time (you don't know what's in those holes).  Enter North Bowl.  R.I.P. Strict Policy.
You can try to wash your hands after each frame in order to enjoy the fabulous tot offerings, but chances are your bowling buddies will have devoured them all by the time you return.  Not worth it.  
Personal faves - the Pizza, Baker and Wakin N Bacon.
The menu actually has plenty of fresh, healthy options as well, but I usually can't be bothered with them.  Plus I think bowling hole germies might stick harder to unfried vegetables.  At least that's what I'm going with.This place is pretty cool, it looks good and has a good vibe for a bowling alley.  This would have been 4 or 5 starts but we went there Thursday night and there was awful service.  When we asked to bowl the guy said 2-3 hours to wait.  That wasn't that bad, but what was bad was the attitude we got since I showed my out of town license.  Even my buddy who is local was pissed at this.  The bar was good, which salvaged the 3 stars and the drinks were reasonably priced.  All in all this would be a great place if the attitude was dropped.I cannot overemphasize how well I am treated every time I go to North Bowl. Wouldn't go anywhere else. The blackened tofu sandwich is amazing and I'm not even a vegetarian. Great downstairs and upstairs bars. The regulars are great and the staff is unforgettable. Great music. Much love. Vivan Los Foxeros!forget about bowling on a weekend night unless you wait for hours or somehow get lucky.  but everything else there is worth the trip.  pool tables games and the food. try the tator tots!Best bowling spot in the city. Try to reserve a lane in advance as wait times can be up to three hours! Yes three hours. But plenty of other things to do there ie. pool and arcades. Tator tots there are awesome.Last weekend we held the rehearsal dinner for our son and now daughter-in-law. Many of our wedding guests were from out of town, so we ended up with almost 100 people for this pre-wedding party.  
We rented the upstairs loft.  From the start, the event planning staff were nothing but helpful and accommodating by tailoring our party to within our budget and suggesting different menu selections.
On the day of the party the servers and bar staff were phenomenal.  Everyone raved about the food, of which there was no shortage.  We had guests from 3 years old to 85 and everyone had fun bowling, shooting pool and playing the arcade games.
I would highly recommend North Bowl if you have to plan a fun event for your business or family.