I really hate doing updates and it's not good. This food was TERRIBLE. I ain't goin lie, I was desperate lol I knew they weren't that great to begin with but damn. A friend hit me with "use my uber eats code" for free food. I was offered a $10 credit and ol boys were the closet place available, that I heard of anyway. I ordered the fried chicken platter. Number one, the wings were sooo tiny and EXTREMELY greasy as if they were not sat on paper towels or drained. They were soft and soggy like bad microwaved leftovers smh and the corn bread which I was certain I could count on was HORRIFIC! I opened it and it crumbled all over the place. It was so dry and stale couldn't even hold a form as if no eggs were u used to make it. I paid 70 cents for the tax and I thank GOD I didn't have to pay full price for this box of greaseThey had nothing i wanted (shrimp, chicken chops, turkey chops, or chicken breast). So i settled for the whiting. The fish was tasteless also not crunchy. The collard greens have a weird sweet taste to them. The mac n cheese was better than i expected. The candy yams we're extremely sweet with a taste of pineapple. Platters are supposed to come with cornbread which i didn't receive, so I called back to ask if the had forgotten to deliver it...come to find out they were all out, which I was not told during my order...and they didnt have anything to substitute me for it (they have desserts but of course they was not gonna give me that). I most likely won't come here again just because I know there's better places out there. But the young lady on the phone was very nice.Only stopped here once because it had good reviews and I was in the neighborhood, (because of necessity, not by choice). Yes, very clean. It deserves four stars even if the neighborhood gets one. If you're in the neighborhood, O'l Boy's Soul Food is definetely worth a trip!Really nice people! The greens were a little salty but good none the less. 
The Mac and cheese was really good. No to cheesy cooked just right. 
I had to add salt and pepper to the Mac and cheese.
I added ketchup and hot sauce to my fried wings.
The wings were okay. Not amazing but ok.AWESOME FOOD. Found them on UberEATS and have been ordering non stop! The ribs are so tender and juicy. Everything is so soulful.I appreciate this business so much. A couple years ago they opened up around the corner from my job. They have been consistently courteous and delicious since they opened!
Ol' Boys offers the best staple soul food items: perfectly fried chicken, gooey Mac and Cheese, flavorful collard greens, AMAZING cornbread and delectable fried fish. The bonus is that they are always introducing new items and offering yummy specials. All are great. You never get tired of ordering the same platter cause...tada there's something exciting on special.
They are excellent at customer service, speed of order prep and just pleasant people. They are the best business in this area bar none.The food was just ok...nothing to go crazy over...although the sweet potato cheesecake is the best...I would give that 5 starsWhen the place first opened the food was really good and the portions were generous. But over the last year or so the portions have consistently shrunk. The size of the chicken wings aren't even as big as when they opened. But if you dine here make sure you get the collard greens and the macaroni and cheese! DELICIOUS! I would suggest the whiting but you may want to get two orders because you only get 3 SMALL fillets in the platter. Platters average around 10 bucks or so which is affordableNice in the way of giving me my money back I was happy to give back the food he didn't want it though but the girl who answered the phone about my complaint was very smart "oh I already know that" and "I told them the mac was to salty" and telling me what I ordered but the older gentlemen I talked to was very nice maybe it was a bad nightSALTYYYYYY. Too much fat on the short ribs,  the mac and cheese was a good consistency, but so salty. The yams kept this from a one star. The yams were good,  but you can tell they're only sweetened with white sugar and no cinnamon.  Bummer.I enjoy going coming here from time to time and enjoying some home cooked food.  Sometimes it's a little hit or miss,  but I've had more hits than misses.  The Mac and cheese is pretty good,  and so are the chicken wings... Beware the string beans though,  I had them a few times and they were stringy. The cabbage was greasy a few times as well.  They have the BEST banana pudding! That's worth a stop by itself.the worse food ever don't eat from here my cat didn't even want that shit the mac and cheese lacked cheese the yams had no taste the cabbage was full of water and the turkey wings smelled sourGood food and great prices and good customer service. go to place for soulfood always open except for mondaysGreat people, Great Southern Food with Northern Flare... Price is Right! Seafood and Short Rib Platters are my Favorite..  Banana Pudding a #MUSTThis place was recommended to me as halal soul food so I decided to give it a try while we were in town.i had the beef ribs platter with Mac n cheese and cabbage hubby had the jerk wings platter with collard greens and Mac n cheese.My ribs were nice and tender just wish they would have taken the time to trim fat and they were doused in bbq sauce not complaining.The cabbage was flavorful imo so were the greens.Now not to toot my own horn but toot toot I make better Mac n cheese.Then macaroni was overcooked in my opinion my 13 month old had no issue tearing this up so I guess that's a plus.the cornbread was nice and moist but should have been warm not room temperature.Overall decent food and nice customer service.The wings was so nasty taste like they was fried in old oil and the wing dark brown not golden brown so you know that mean they didn't clean there meatVisited today for the first time and I really enjoyed the food. The greens were a little salty but my fish was fried perfectly. What I didn't like were all of the interesting characters loitering out front and near the doorway. Why I will go back though was the fact that I was greeted warmly when I entered and there was an older gentleman who came out from the back who waved and smiled at me as well. Customer Service is major for me. And the gentleman also put so much care in how he packaged my food. They get 5 stars for that. Again, I will definitely be back.Had the Belgian Waffle, some Greens, and Macaroni and Cheese. All was exceptional. The Belgian Waffle was fantastic.Unprofessional, incompetent, and the food was subpar. They refused to admit an error on their end. Some of the food was missing. Instead of trying to fix the situation, we were told to "call the driver. It aint got nothing to do with us." I will never order from them again. It is a shame that I can't support a local small business. However, with the service and product that they deliver, I can't see them being here much longer. If you do order from them, double check the food.Its hard to find good soul food. This hidden gem not only provides great customer service, the food is good. I ordered the fried chicken breast, Mac and cheese, greens, tuna salad and chocolate cake. I wish I ordered the wings because chicken breast know matter who cooks it, is dry. But it was fried to perfection. The cornbread was so good that I could've skipped out on the cake and ordered another side of cornbread. The tuna salad  is good.  Hope the food remains consistent!Someone from this spot reached out to me directly on here and being that this is my neck of the woods, I felt much obliged to give Ol Boy's a shot. I had a proxy go in my place, but I do plan on setting foot in here personally when the opportunity arises.
They got me a barbequed wing platter and I'm not crazy about wings or barbeque, but everything else in this platter was rockin. Too bad it wasn't the righteous fried chicken breast mentioned by the OG Bruce B. The macaroni had a nice texture to it, the greens had the right amount of tartness to them, and the yams were sweet and stellar (although I only tried a spoonful from someone else). The wings fell apart. Some people like that, but I'm not one of those people. The flavors were right though.
And then there's the cornbread. If I was a kid today, I'd skip right past the Chinese and Puerto Rican stores and I'd put my little $1 on that cornbread. It's very much a little dessert. It's one of those joints that your grandmom will hand-off with a no look pass to the kids because they can't wait til dinner. It reminds me of asian style sponge cake. I dig it.
Other than that, my people told me that they were well served here and that the staff was quite friendly. Sounds like my kind of place.The Mac is super salty the turkey wings are dry and the candied yams are the ones from the can collard greens had a sweet and sour taste horrible honestly especially if you have a serious taste for soul food also took over an hr to arrive when it was a 4 min drive I really wanted to write a good review extremely disappointed way to expensive for the food I was givenThis was the wackest soul food ever. Whoever likes it is just fat a shit and will eat anything that's in front of them. The delivery service is good and also the customer service. Even though the food wasn't amazing it was still (edible)The food is good, I mean everything and the staff is very friendly. And the place is clean, now the area isnt the best of areas to be lingering around, so get your food and run. Its like going through hell to get to heaven, heavenly food that is. The price of the food is reasonable, good quality food so I dont mind paying the price !This is a great place for some home cooked food on the go this place is Amazing the food is just Amazing every thing is Fresh. The Kitchen very clean  its very hard to find Great Soul food in the city and ol boys have fix that Problem!!!Food was disgusting. The chicken wings had barely any chicken on them. They were falling apart not in the good way. The cornbread was subpar. The mac & cheese did not taste like mac & cheese. While it was clear that the mac & cheese did not cook long enough there still was burnt parts for some reason. The string beans were grows and too oily. There are so many better places to eat at I do not recommend this place.Had a fried chicken wing platter with potato salad and greens. All of it was delicious. The wings were fried perfectly crisp and the potato salad and greens were seasoned to perfection. Will definitely be back my next cheat meal to try the fried fish. An extra tip would be to try to go before it gets dark. The neighborhood is very sketchy.The food was ok, the fish wasn't seasoned but the mac and cheese, cabbage and cornbread was good. I used UberEATS and my food was delivered quickly.I ordered from here for the first time after reading some of the amazing reviews. I decided to get the chicken wing platter with candied yams, macaroni and cheese and macaroni salad lol one of them nights. I decided to get delivery and I'm only about 7 mins away so shouldn't take too long...after about an hour I decided to call them, they said the order was sent out. After another half hour a man finally arrived to my home. He was very polite and apologized for the wait. Upon inspection everything looked great, except my macaroni salad. It had an odor like something wasn't right. I can't put my finger on it but it did not smell fresh, AT ALL. Everything else was OK nothing mind blowing. Mac and cheese was bland I would've swapped for anything else. Now the cornbread was AMAZING, next to warm daddy's and relish some of the best cornbread I've ever had. Sweet and moist, taste like cake. Overall, ok spot nothing moreI ordered a fried wing platter with yams and Mac and cheese from UberEATS. Terrible!! The wings were so soft. Like, baked soft, NOT FRIED!! The menu says the platter is supposed to come with cornbread and mine arrived without any. The yams taste horrible and the Mac and cheese is barely edible. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY AWAY!!!Food was delicious! !! My husband and I had fried fish with Mac and cheese and Collard greens
 My husband had the fried chicken breast with sweet potatoes and potato salad. All was wonderful.  The cornbread tasted like cake.TRASH! Thought I'd give it a try; Heard and read so many great reviews. I ordered the fried fish platter with cabbage and rice and gravy. When I say horrible, I mean HORRIBLE! First off the rice was over cooked. That crap was so mushy I thought I was eating baby food. The gravy was that nasty CANNED turkey gravy. I mean they could have atleast seasoned it up or something but no, not even a pinch of salt. The cabbage was trash. I don't know how they cooked it but UGH! and lets talk about the fish, Oh man! Now let's me start off by saying that the fish looked amazing. It looked well seasoned and cooked to perfection, golden brown but...buuut, when I went to take a bite... the most flavorless crap I have ever EVER tasted in my life! Like wow!!! How does that work? You could literally SEE the seasoning all over that fish but it completely disappeared as soon as it hit the taste buds. Tasteless for real! I was so disappointed. SO VERY DISAPPOINTED! I'm thinking "this can't be life.. But it is. So yea ONE star. If I could give none I would.The food here is excellent and the yams are so good. My daughter loves the cabbage. The fish is delicious and hot. I love food. The kitchen is clean. Everything is cover so nothing gets inside. Great customer service. I will be a regular here. This place is worth checking out.Came here because I was in the area and the reviews were good. I got fried chicken, Mac n cheese, yams and a side of potato salad and my friend got talapia, Mac n cheese and greens. The chicken was good but nothing special. The fried talapia was real good. The Mac n cheese was terrible like the other reviewer described it. The yams were good, loved the pineapples in it. The potato salad wasnt good. The Corn bread was good as well. The greens tasted like glory greens but weren't bad either. Great staff and clean but they need to fix the Mac n cheese if anything. If your in this area you mind as well go to just to serve you at Frazier and Girard (great food but bad service).Well by reading the reviews, this place must be a hit or miss. I'm actually surprised by the negative reviews because I thought the food was good and I'm very hard to please food wise. My husband ordered me a fried whiting platter with Baked Mac n Cheese and greens and it was delicious.I hate to do this in light of all the 5 star reviews so far, but I'm really not sure what they ate (except maybe the candied yams-- more on that later). I'd like to give them three stars only because the place is super clean and the staff is super friendly. The food? Not so super at all.
We were looking for lunch and I had gotten a pm from someone affiliated with the store. Usually I ignore spam like that, but my favorite soul food restaurant in west philly burned down and has yet to reopen so I checked to see if there were any reviews. Surprisingly there were already 5, all 5 stars, and two of them were from people whose judgment I have always been able to trust in the past. So we ordered. 
Fried chicken breasts and wings-- ok. nothing special. actually smell like corner chinese food fried chicken :/
Beef Short Ribs - ok. nothing special. cooked well but not noteworthy. BTW - They serve No Pork here at all, which is a bonus for those halal and kosher folks among us.
Mac and Cheese-- AWFUL. separated, gritty/cottage cheesy, bland-- no seasoning whatsoever. no salt, no pepper, no onion, no garlic, no nada. and, like i said, gritty :(
Strring beans -- I could taste the turkey neck in the liquid, but it was like they had dumped a bag of green beans into the juice to get coated was all. No happy, peppery feeling on my lips, no delicious oniony, meaty taste :(
Potato Salad-- ok. nothing special. black bear at acme or shop rite is a million times better.
Greens -- Apparently not good (i don't eat them myself). Allegedly very vinegary and tough.
Candied Yams -- Apparently Out of this World! (I don't eat them myself). Said Yams: "wow, these have pineapple and oranges" and "you can taste the fruit juice!" allegedly very, very impressive.
Cornbread -- very sweet and more like cake.
As I mentioned, the customer service was great-- they even threw in some extra cornbread and a piece of what we thought was sweet potato pie but was actually sweet potato cheesecake. The people were so nice and friendly that I feel pretty bad rating their food honestly. (btw-- the sp cheesecake It got eaten amongst three people, but none of them were overwhelmed.)
I really, really, really wanted to like this place. I hang out only a few blocks away a couple nights a week and we were thinking this could be a go-to place :'( I don't know if the first day they went all out on the food, or maybe we ordered too early and the food hadn't had time to really marinate and get good yet, but we will be sticking with Mama's Boy and J ust To Serve You from now on...I wasn't gonna order because of the reviews but I tried it for myself. 
Just about everything was good. Chicken fried rice was excellent. Turkey wings were the small ones but seasoned and cooked perfect.. the greens were great. Potato salad though???  They missed the mark a lil there...needed to cook the potatoes fully and add mustard and salt..but still better than some other places Ive tried. They came pretty quick via Uber Eats and everything was hot. 
I'd cross my fingers and try again. Hopefully they are consistent.Muy first time here loved it. Very friendly and social. The food is good I had a turkey wing platter. The greens and Mac & cheese is great. The candied yams and potatoe salad is also good. My new soul food place.My second time around was a breath of fresh air. I got to try the cornbread which reminds me of cake and it was warm. The bbq chicken wings and mac and cheese did not let me down, they both are really good...i got full so I shared it with my nephew whom devoured everything including the yams (but they weren't his favorite he like the mac). I can now order more often (considering the time of day).Ol' Boys Soul Food Restaurant opened in the summer of 2013 in an area that looks a little neglected- I say this because we parked next to an abandoned house whose first floor was covered in garbage. I can't say I have done too much dining around the 60th and Locust area. But that might change now. Obviously from the name, I knew to expect soul food and to probably not expect a salad.  I also couldn't not think about the beloved, and very violent Korean movie that Spike Lee remade last year (see the original, please).
Inside, you order from a counter and there is limited seating. The menu is also limited. But that makes your choice easier. There is no pork on the menu, perhaps catering to a local Halal population.
Pondering either the fried fish or chicken platters, I ultimately chose the fried chicken breast ($10-bbq, wings, and legs were also options). Platters come with 2 sides and corn bread. It took about 10 minutes for our food to be ready. I noticed a beer store is directly next door, and though I didn't take advantage of it (and you might want to check to make sure it's ok), beer along with the fried chicken  would have only been more perfect.
The fried chicken was exactly what I hoped for: crispy and juicy. Nothing remarkable, just  a simply fried breast with sturdy breading. I added a little hot sauce they had available for an extra sprinkle of heat.
The innocent looking corn bread was bonkers good- sweet and moist. Made me hate everyone who makes dry corn bread.
The mac and cheese side came as a big hunk. It wasn't the gooey kind, the noodles were slightly overcooked,  and it needed some salt and  pepper, but I couldn't stop eating it.
The other side I picked came off of the specials menu, lima beans. They were pretty much the best ever, super creamy and flavored with a smoked turkey hock. If this is an option, don't miss it.
Ol' Boy's has made a fan. I plan to brave the litter again to try the fried fish, turkey wings, and candied yams.I was not impressed with their fish fried rice! Too many peppers it over whelmed the taste of the fish and rice!!Overpriced food, not terribly friendly counter service, and stemmy-as-fuck canned collards make this place just OK. They should seriously step up their game to dominate soul food in West Philly. Alas. The search continues.Ooooh! This place almost got 4 stars, then this place almost got 2 stars but we settled on 3. Let me tell you why.  We ordered turkey wings, fried wings, mac and cheese, yams, tuna mac, and string beans.
The good:
Wings
Mac and cheese 
The service
very clean
The iffy:
Tuna mac 
Yams (fruity as opposed to sweet)
The bad:
Turkey wings (too dry and flavorless)
The canned:
String beans( they were tasty though)
All in all I think they have the capability to be phenomenal, especially because their customer service is great. They just need to work on their flavors a bit.I really liked this spot. I Ordered fried chicken wings, baked Mac n cheese and collard greens. While it wasn't as great as grandmom's food, it came in a close second. I will definitely be ordering again and trying their other dishes.I have a hard time finding good soul food in Philly. The food here is delicious. I ordered the chicken wing platter with yams, mac n cheese and an extra side of greens. The chicken was really good. The mac n cheese was sooo good as were the yams. There weren't any marshmallows on top of the yams, but they taste like the kind you bake with pineapples and marshmallows (which are my fav). When I opened the container I got worried because I smelled sweet potatoes that didn't seem like they had much seasoning, but I was wrong they were delicious. Now as for these greens...they were sooo good. I added hot sauce out of habit and got mad because they tasted better without it. They were seasoned to perfection. I drunk the pot liquor and all lol. All of the food tasted like a good home cooked meal. I'll definitely be back
Oh and the cornbread was really good too.The food is really good and they give you a lot of food. Definitely worthy of the the trip there and the money! I've had the salmon fried rice, the lamb fried rice, the macaroni and tuna saladFried chicken breast was seasoned well but slightly dry in some areas (this is why I nornally don't eat the breast). But crust was fried to perfection. 
Mac and cheese was salty, and the cheese wasn't consistent throughout
But that cornbread.....that cornbread was amazing!!!!! I will go back just for the cornbread.....The cornbread deserved 5 starsAs a caterer of 18+ years I felt compelled to leave a top shelf review.   Food was hot, delicious and generous!Great find for take out! Was on 60th street visiting one of the shop owners and she asked if I wanted some good soul food so down the street to Ol Boy's Soul Food we went. 
I ordered the turkey wing sandwich with gravy on wheat bread. It was wonderful ! Such a huge portion and reasonably priced. I'd definitely go back.I would first like to commend the owners on their brilliant business with good food good service which is hard to find! I love everything about this restaurant! And regards to the negative comment on Maggie's part, try to find the combination of good food good people and cleanliness! I don't even think you've been there honestly because its ny far the best good I've tasted outside ofy lichen and my moms kitchen. Mayn't you just used to eating out the Chinese places that you would know what a real restaurant taste or is. Don't come up in there trying ruin a great business! Thanks Ol Boy and keep up the superb outstanding work!Where are the goddamn NEGATIVE STARS when you need them?!?!?!?!?!?! I am seething right now and the last thing a pregnant woman wants is for her food to be horrible!!!!!!
I can barely type this without steam coming from my head. Who serves dog crap and call it food?? Ol Boy's surely does. They need to be shut down and condemned for life. 
I ordered a Turkey Meatloaf platter via UberEats for my lunch today. It came with two sides and I chose mac and cheese along with collard greens.  I really should have read the reviews prior to ordering because I would have saved $14.71. The platter arrives lukewarm and I'll blame that on the delivery service because the driver got lost. :::shrugs:::
I open the platter(see photo) and it looks like the leftovers from a bad Thanksgiving meal. The turkey meatloaf looks extremely dry, the cornbread is all crumbs, mac and cheese doesn't seem baked long enough and the collards look like all stems from a can. I don't order greens at a restaurant for them to be from a damn can. I don't. 
Onto the tasting..... Let's start with this meatloaf. First of all, it was dry as hell. I mean it took 3 chews to get one bite down. I'm sure this loaf was made from turkey sausage and not ground turkey or someone used a hell of a lot of fennel seed in it. It came with some super watery, paper thin "gravy". I doused the loaf in that and it was still horrible. The mac and cheese tasted like someone just mixed noodles and cheese, baked it in the oven for all of 3 seconds because the cheese wasn't even melted or combined.  The collard greens tasted like a DESSERT. I mean straight sugar. Who dumps a bunch of sugar in greens? I guess they were trying to make up for the canned flavor and it wasn't even a good canned collard green. 
Please y'all, save yourself, your wallet, your intestines, your kids, any of your loved ones from this place. Listen to this review and the other one star reviews. It's true. Ol Boys need to be renamed as Bad Boys.I ordered the chicken wings, mac, & greens.. the chicken was great. The mac wasn't so good. The noodles were overcooked too oily & cheap cheese. The greens I was disappointed I had more stem in my platter then the leaf . The cornbread tho was great sweet & soft I only suggest they give it out warm not room temp or coldI was very intrigued to eat from this place because they dont fry shrimp with their fish and not to many people offer that and was looking very much for a fish platter however, I ordered on a Friday night a $92.00 order for me and a couple of friends. A hour after we ordered DoorDash calls to tell me that they canceled the order.Highly upset I talked to the manager and he said he canceled the entire order because he was out of Turkey wings for one platter.Huh???? You canceled a $ 92.00 orderbecause you are out of turkey wings for 1 platter?????? The kicker is you didn't even call me DoorDash called me when they went to pick it up. Now all the people waiting had to find something else to eat when it was very difficult as restaurants close early due to Covid-19. Not a professional way to do business. That will be my last time ordering. Have a back up plan if you plan to order from here!!Fried fish was darker than dark chocolate!! Mac and cheese burnt. Chicken wasn't what I had hoped it to be. Seems like it was all fried in old grease.We were hungry this day and looking for some soul food. I ordered online and the food took pretty long, even for an online order. The food wasn't that good and neither of my platters came with cornbread. My wife did enjoy her fried whiting fish. My ribs were just boiled with some sauce on some of them and the sides were just edible. I doubt if I order from here again when looking for some ribs and soul food.INSULT TO TASTEBUDS!! 
This was the WORST soul food I've ever had. The food tasted HORRIBLE and platters were small for the ridiculously high price!!!I will say that it's not the worst but dont expect greatness. I've ordered from here 3 times. First 2 times, everything was cool. Like I said, dont expect greatness but it's not bad. I ordered today through Uber Eats. I ordered the fish platter with potato salad and greens and a side of candied yams. I was given a fish platter with greens and 2 sides of whipped sweet potatoes...not the same as candied yams but whatever. I can deal with it. However, I didnt ask for 2 sides of it. I didnt get my potato salad. Also, it says that each platter comes with cornbread. That's what I was used to getting. Today's order came with a terrible tasting dinner roll that clearly had too much flour in it. It was very dry as well.Whole platter nasty. Yams not good. Ribs all bone and fat no meat and Mac and cheese not cheesy. Never again!!!Food was good. I had the fried chicken wing platter with mac and greens.  wings a little small but cant complain for a 10$ platter.  The cornbread was delicious.  I will definitely be ordering from them again.  Got it delivered with Door Dash!Had the salmon fried rice....it was delicious. I really like their food and they deliver!I am on a soul food binge, so get out my way! I came here or on a tip from a fellow Yelper and I'm really glad I did. I was driving in West Philly looking for this restaurant because I didn't have an exact address. I'm driving down 60th  Street and lo and behold,  I saw a really big black guy in a apron standing in front of the restaurant. In my mind I was hoping this was a place because looking at him, I knew I was in for a treat. When I approach the restaurant, the big guy said "you look hungry and this is the place to be my friend". Pinch me.
The restaurant is newly decorated, and the spot was so clean it actually shined. There were two attractive young ladies taking orders at the counter and they were very very pleasant and personable. They handed me a menu and I told them I wanted to try the fried chicken. The big guy said I should order the breast, it came boneless and it was very large. Who I am I to argue? I ordered collard greens, mac and cheese and potato salad to go with the chicken.  The big guy said it would be ready in 10 to 15 minutes.  They have a big flat screen TV in the waiting area to keep you company until your food is ready but what caught my attention was a row of individually packaged slices of homemade sweet potato pie. So I grabbed a slice to eat while I was waiting for my order. The pie was delicious not too sweet and definitely homemade with love. 
The food was done and after talking with the young ladies,  I paid for it and headed home to eat. The big guy was right the chicken breast was huge, crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. and zero bones. The greens were flavorful and tender, the bake macaroni and cheese was delicious, and the potato salad was really old school. The meal came with a huge hunk of freshly baked corn bread that could have been mistaken for a dessert. It was high and fluffy with a hint of sweetness.  All in all it was a pretty impressive meal, sometime simple home made foods are the hardest to pull off these days. 
If they continue to consistently put out food at this high level, they will blow up! The prices are reasonable and it's worth the trip from wherever you're coming from.I want to give a shout out to the owners of Ol Boy soul food. Every time I come there the food is consistent and delicious. I have tried almost everything on the menu and I can't say what I like the best. If I had to chose, I guess I would go with the BBQ turkey wings. The place is very clean, which won my heart from the door. The two young ladies at the front counter was very pleasant and attentive to your needs. I like that you can see straight back into the cooking area, it lets you know that they are clean and not trying to hide anything. I read the comment that was made by Maggie on 7/19/13 and I must say that you couldn't have had the food. The food is amazing and always on point. I have had ppl from my job order from there and they all loved it. Maybe you was trying to give them a bad rap but it didn't work. Ol Boy Soul Food is the best (in my opinion) soul food is west Philly.