I just had a slice here on a drunken Saturday night. My friends had some other stuff but the slice was huge and really good. Unfortunately after we finished our food and were watching the Kansas vs Oregon elite 8 game on the tv with 4 minutes left and it was 10:30 the lady kicked us out when the restaurant didn't close until 11. I feel it was completely unnecessary being that we paid good money and it's not like we were causing a problem or were lingering around for hours. Anyway, I have to admit the food was good. At least my slice.Pizza is delicious. Cheesesteak was the worst I've EVER had. They used disgusting wannabe cheese instead of real cheese wiz. Very disappointing.Decent pizza. I've gotten the meat lover a couple time and they were good. It's better to take out because the atmosphere isn't too friendly. The staffs weren't too super welcoming neither. Overall, it wouldn't be a bad place to grab a quick bite!Just had some great pizza with a bunch of my family. The service was great and very friendly.The food was descent.  3 Stars because the lady behind the counter was extremely slow, and had a bad attitude.This is seriously one of the best dinner. Very affordable and the service is great. GO PAY A VISIT THERE NOW, they are running a moral business.I had a chicken parmigiana sandwich. It was huge and tasted pretty good. Otherwise, the place was pretty confusing. The sign tells you to be seated for dining in. The server was very friendly but seemed shocked that I got everything else wrong: you're supposed to request and pay extra for soda refills. You're not supposed to pay at the table ( you are supposed to go to the takeout window and pay), no time to figure out a tip because she needs the check signed as soon as it's brought to you. You're supposed to go to the counter for your supplies to wrap up leftovers. I feel bad because the server seemed nice, but the service here is really weird.I guess maybe tourist like this place ? Was taking family from out of town for a historic philly walk and decided to try this place. Not enough wait staff. We should have got pizza. The steaks were below average , hoagies and grinders were average. Fries were actually really good. My son liked his nuggets. We had 5 adults and a 5 year old and his nuggets came out 15 after all our food and he had to let it cool down which sucked since he's a kid and was starving and watched us eat and didn't want our food. Kids food should always come out first or same time.I have collapsed upon Old City Pizza more than once, collapsed being the apposite term. OCP is never in the plan for a night out in Old City, and yet, I find myself sliding in to their booths with a concerning frequency. A night that ends at Old City, however, always begins the same way. Let me set the scene.
My girlfriend and I are walking down Arch, her talking about work while I frantically search my Yelp app to see if there is some restaurant within walking distance where can get a reasonable, quick bite to eat. National Mechanics. No, their veggie burger is scary and unappetizing. Revolution House? No, the worst place in Philadelphia. Han Dynasty? No, we eat there too much already. Continental? No, too expensive. 
Alright, fine, let's get a 14-inch pizza from Old City. It's nothing to write home about, but given some of the pizza I've had in Philly, even mediocre pizza is hard to come by. And so, we order a pizza, always light on the cheese, heavy on the dough, and decent with the toppings. It's a place to fill the tank and move on. $5 or $6 a person if you split a pizza, a price hard to beat in the area. 
It's definitely a family place. When you enter, you'll be greeted by a sign saying "seat yourself," and in all likelihood, you'll be waited on by an elderly, curt woman, who makes up for what she lacks in conversational banter with timely service. The guys behind the counter might crack a few jokes that you'll inevitably miss, and before too long, you'll be on your way stuffed with decent pizza.Went here before my flight and wasnt disappointed. Realy good steaks hot hot fries fresh bread too. I will return. :-)I was visiting Philly and wanted to have a place to dine in. But It took 20 mins for the waitress to notice I was sitting in the table and took my order. That's the reason it only got two stars. It was definitely faster for takeout. 
I had cheese steak with mushroom and chicken noodle soup. 
I would suggest just get normal cheese steak. I could only see some peice of mushroom but couldn't taste it. 
Chicken noodle soup was a little but too salty but taste good.We were visiting the area and to tired to go out and find someplace to eat and the girl at the front desk of our hotel recommended this place.  The girl who took our order was a bit rude, the first time we have experienced rudeness on our trip.  The delivery guy was ok, just didn't know what the total was.  I had a gyro which was light on the meat and heavy on the lettuce, tomatoes, and onions.  Wife had a Stromboli which was huge, she liked but I didn't care for the sauce they used.  The food was ok, but not for the price, way over priced.Great little pizza place for a quick bite. 
I tried the Super Sampler since it included most of their main appetizers. The Chicken Tenders were great, they tasted so fresh and tender. I can honestly say they are the best tenders around. But the best appetizer was the jalapeño poppers, I am stuffed but I can so go for another order. 
Now the good stuff, the pizza itself. Wow! I've tried many pizza places and many mom and pop restaurants but this one takes the cake. The pizza was so full of flavor and the slices were huge. If you are nearby and are in the mood for pizza check this place out. 
The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars is because our waitress was pretty ticked of the whole time, I don't know why but she was pissed. She ignored us at first and lacked coming up to us the whole time until we needed to leave. 
Setting aside the service the food was great and I'd still recommend this place.The food was good but that was it. The lady in charge was very rude. Then when it was time to pay, she suddenly got a whole lot nicer. The food service should be faster considering there were only 2 tables occupied. The food was pretty good though.This pizza is the most disgusting pizza I have ever had. I would much rather go to Kroger's and get frozen pizza. The cheese is too chewy and the crust is too hard. The sauce is almost not there and the pepperoni is dripping with a lot of oil. I took a plastic cube and let the oil drip out and it filled  up about the size of a big sip. I truly wish that no one would go here.Huge slices and best bang for your buck around for a slice. Good spot for lunch. Their heroes are pretty good too.Glitter... It's like the herpes of craft supplies. It never comes off.
I'm in a Dharma Initiative jumpsuit.
The Phillies are losing a World Series to the Yankees.
I'm at Lucy's Hat Shop with Santa, a gypse, several Lady Gagas, an interrupting Kanye West, Vince Shlomi AND Billy Mays, a sexy devil, a sexy firefighter and a St. Pauli girl.
Let me back this up a bit.
Our specific Lady Gaga tripped on 3rd St.
Let me start from the beginning.
I carpooled with Lady Gaga.
Now back to the middle.
I was hungry, so I went to the corner for a cheesesteak which I split with the St. Pauli girl. It was decent. I think she opted for something weird, like mayo. But, that'd never go with my preferred whiz on a cheesesteak.
This was after getting stuck in the elevator with Santa, Lady Gaga, Jessica Rabbit and Britney Spears.
This was Halloween.
Why am I writing this in July?
I think I finally got rid of all of Gaga's glitter from the inside of my car.
I should've dressed up like Quentin Tarantino, but I could never pull that off.Service was good and the lady was very friendly....
Food was very average.
Ordered the lasagna which had one layer of meat in it....it was edible but wasn't very good.
The pizzas are alright...just your average pizza
Food is cheap and you pretty much get what you pay for! Servings are pretty big as well....
So if your looking at ordering appetisers make sure your hungry!The pizzas are different depending on the size, that I dont understand.
But Im telling you , they are all good.
Ive also enjoyed the buffalo chicken, cheesesteak, sausage hoagies.  
I suppose I suffer their rudeness.  Its a Philly thing?  no no no, being rude gives you 1 less star, youre welcome.Absolutely horrible food I got the ziti with sauce and sausage and the sausage was plain and not even cooked the only thing that I liked was the fries and that's iteh. mediocre pizza.  mediocre steaks.  they've got a good location though to hook tourist families (right near betsy ross house).  this tends to be my last resort for late night food... sometimes i say, "forget, i'll wait til breakfast."  
and the service is never great.  i walk in to pick up an order, head to the register and the lady says, "whatcha want?"  it was just sort of odd.The perfect end to a quick weekend in Philadelphia had me hunger for pizza. After my fill of Dunkin Donuts and Moriarty's Irish Pub Bar food, I was a but hungry after 4 hours at 8pm, so I checked out the yelp app as to what restaurants was still open this late on a Sunday night and very nearby to the Wyndham hotel on 4th and Arch Street, so my tired marathon legs doesn't have to walk too far for sustainable. Pizza and Italian food seemed to be the way to go and I headed there as fast as my legs to take me. The reviews seemed to be critical of this place, but I wanted to try this place out for myself and the experience wasn't bad at all. I got take out and the place was virtually empty when I got there. My hotel room mate wanted something as well, so we looked on the menu online and called it in before she sent me over to pick it up. Thankfully, I could just lay around 15 more minutes till I gotta get moving to pick up the order.
Old City Pizza joint is located on the quiet street intersection on Arch and 3rd Street, with Starbucks across the street. The restaurant itself is small, more or less a pizza parlor with a few tables and 3 booths for patrons to dine in. I was met with the lady of the restaurant, which I think is one of the owners. They do take credit cards, if the total amount of the order is above $5.00, so that was promising indeed. Maybe some people just buy drinks, which is probably why they have that signage at the register. For me, we ordered the 16" Old City Special calzone, was pretty good and tasty. I also gotten some French fries on the side and a bottle of Pepsi as well. If we can't finish it, there's always room for breakfast on the plane the next day, as we both were flying out the next day anyhow. 
So yeah. It was good to have pizza and to watch a nice movie in the hotel room while having our cal-zoned size pizza. It was as epic as they came, no doubt! It was tasty and the French fries were good. Definitely not the McDonald's or Burger King variety, so it was good nonetheless. The service at the Old City Pizza was good and pleasant. The owner lady was nice to me and the other dude, which I think is the other owner (husband and wife maybe?) was cool too. The interaction was brief and the exchange of credit card was swift. I was in and out within less than 5 minutes and that was great. 
If you are in the area for good pizza, give Old City Pizza a try. You'll be glad you did! Recommended for your pizza needs. My experience was that of take out and not dine in, so I would not have had the pleasure. But being in enough pizza places kind of makes me think I would get good service here as well, maybe at the off peak hours when you are catered to, rather than just being an order number. 
Support local!
B-My God, this was greasy. 
My daughter and I stopped in for a quick lunch. The waitresses and everyone were very nice, but their hamburgers were something else. I got the Texas Burger, and it fell apart in the soft white bun, and my daughter had a cheeseburger. She asked for it to be done medium, and I asked for rare, and they both came out medium-well. I had heartburn about 15 minutes later, in my daughter said her belly felt queasy as well. I might be imagining this, but even the air seemed suffused with  airborne particles of animal fat.
In a world of hyperspecialized dining establishments, it's kinda heartening to see a real old-school diner can survive here for so long.I lived in Old City for 2 years right next to this place.  When I moved there I was so pumped to have a pizza joint right next to me.   Wrong.
The owners are so rude.  The lady who works the counter and answers the phone needs an attitude adjustment.  Someone get her a drink, stat!  When she answers the phone you get "Old City Pizza, What do you want?!"  ... when you go in, she doesn't even look at you until she's good and ready to help you.  This turned me off so much that I became an infrequent customer who only went in times of desperation.. which is pitiful seeing as it was so convenient.  I just can't support a local business who treats their customers as if they're not appreciated.
Dear Old City Pizza... there are plenty of other places to eat on Market Street! Businesses who are actually delighted that you stopped in. Get over yourselves.
The only reason they get a 2 stars is because the location is prime, and, the pizza isn't all that bad.  The cheese steaks are hit or miss.  The fries suck.
Not recommended.... unless you're in a super tight bind on the corner of 3rd and Arch and you have two broken legs.Location makes this place earn 5 stars (well for tourists at least), but Taste makes this place earn significantly less.  
I popped in here while visiting some sites to show my friend (who is from another country) what a Philly Cheesesteak tastes like.  The place had virtually no one in it on a Saturday afternoon, which after tasting the cheesesteak, is self-explanatory.  
While the staff was fairly friendly, the food was just not great.  It is not that it was not edible, but it was just average and bland.  It is too bad because this place is in a great location and if someone is making a return visit to the city or making suggestions to friends, this place might not get the business they could potentially earn based on subpar food.The pizza was mediocre and the owners were rude. I guess the only thing this place has going for it is its location.Terrific and friendly .  Had a party of 25 and the table was ready when we got there.  Food was good.  Highly recommend the eggplant parm sandwich.We popped in here because my wife needed to present a speech. The lovely owner Anastasia,  remembered us from a few days ago and kindly agreed. The pizza they serve here is delicious. We had the ham and pineapple. My sister in law had the chicken and rice soup and said it was the best she's had in a long time. The place is clean . The service is fast. The pizza has a lovely crunchy crust and the sauce isn't over powering.The mega sized pizza slice was the perfect amount of food (like 1/4 pizza) for the right price ($2.50!) Our server preternaturally knew the perfect amount of food to suit my needs. Highly satisfying, will be a repeat customer!Ordered here 3 times. First time, I was impressed. I love supporting family owns places. My father had his own pizza place. I respect it. But the second time, my ordered was completely different. Did not taste good. Plus the pizza size was not nearly as the same size as the first time I ordered. I always ordered a large. Whether sharing or not, large is my go to. Third and sadly last time. Idk when was the last time they cleaned their oven but whatever was in there was under my pizza. Could not enjoy it at all. I won't even start with the horrible service. Seems to me that those ladies never were trained in anything. Sorry guys, your conveniently around the corner but I rather walk the extra five blocks to the next place.Old City Pizza has been my biggest disappointment in the city so far. The chicken parm sandwich was pretty mediocre, the wings are disappointing and the Stromboli's aren't worth the calories. Although I didn't have any, the pizza looks like a cheap imitation of the rest of the pizza found in Old City. The service was also pretty spotty. My advice? Go down an extra block to Gianfranco's.I went to Philadelphia as a tourist not too long ago and I went on a quest to find the best Philly Cheese steak. I went to every single historic location and left with a mediocre flavored meat sandwich. In the five days I was there I had a total of 13 Philly Cheese steaks. That is not an exaggeration. Now I cannot speak for their pizza, but this place had the best Philly Cheese steak out of them all. They serve it with the appropriate alternative, provolone cheese. I was surprised how good it was. The meat was flavored very well. 
If my wife and I decide to go back to Philly for another trip, this place is going to be a repeat visit.This is a family owned and operated place, and the food is excellent! We had homemade lentil soup, and some great pizza! Would definitely come back here next time we're in town!Woman cleaning tables is kind of obnoxious for no reason as soon as you walk through the door. Ordered two slices (one cheese, one pepperoni) - both were incredibly bad. I don't think I've ever thrown away pizza in my life, but I couldn't eat this.Just stopped in for a slice of pizza while waiting for the bus to come by on a freezing night. Had my hot pepperoni slice ready in 3 minutes flat and it was delicious!  And huge. I haven't had another slice of pizza that tastes that good and for such a low price in Philly before. 
I was so pleased, I wanted to ask if they deliver but my bus was coming and I had to run (yup, I just ate my slice on the bus- illegally I suppose). I'll be coming back here again- that's for sure.How does this place have 2.5 stars? Their pizza slices are the size of your torso for the small price of $3!! One slice will fill you up- don't get more than one!! The pizza itself isn't the best in the world but hey when it comes to pizza.. quantity over quality.Not the best Italian food I've ever had, but the price was reasonable, especially for the portions. I had the chicken parm hoagie and the fries for take-out, so I can't comment on the service. But if you're looking for a place to get quick takeout, this is a very solid option.The help wasn't that friendly and the vegetable pizza left something to be desired. My friends seemed to think their meals were all right though.The pizza here is mediocre at best. The service is poor and usually pretty rude. You can't order a slice of pizza you can only order a whole pie. 
For the money I'd rather go to Soho pizza or Gianfrancos down the block.My husband and I were visiting Philly for the first time and ended up at this fine establishment! It was by chance because I really needed to use the bathroom and it seemed like there was nowhere else in the entire city that would allow you to use theirs.
So we just stayed for a quick bite. I got a veggie sub and my hubby got a chicken parm dish, which he was in love with!
The people were pretty nice.
Also, I overheard a guy saying that he was from Arizona, had spent 8 days in the area and had like 6 Philly cheese steaks so far and those were the best he's had yet. He said he didn't have a Yelp or do any online reviews, so I thought I'd throw that in here as well.
I'd recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite of scrumptious food!5 stars for the meat lovers pizza. The pizza has redeemed them from my experience of eating there. When calling in an order hopefully the female waitress is off. Comes across as rude. Also the phone# on Yelp is actually their fax # according to their take out menu.
Sad to say, today one of my friends got a salad from there that had a bug in it and the waitress acted as though it was my friends fault. This place is hit and miss. No stars for today.Quantity over Quality should be their motto.  This is the closest pizza place to my apartment so I decided to give it a try, even though I'm obsessed with Gianfrancos, just one block further away. 
So gross!  The pizza is huge and the cheese is....not good.  Way too much cheese too.  Barely any sauce.  By the time I got my slice home, my whole hand was covered in the grease that was dripping through the bag.  Nasty!  The dough is gummy and floppy and the cheese falls off in big chunks.  I didn't even finish my slice and I was starving.
To say something nice: the guy working the counter seemed nice and they are open late on weeknights.
I think people who like Lorenzo's (I did not) might like this pizza.  I suggest going to Gianfrancos instead.My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch around 2 pm on a Saturday. There were a couple families, but it wasn't too busy. We seated ourselves in a booth by the window, and a server came by shortly thereafter to take our drink orders, then returned soon for our food orders.
My boyfriend got a couple slices of pizza, and I got the gyro sandwich ($7). The pizza truly came in mega slices--looked like a sixth of a large pizza. At $2.50 a slice, it's a pretty good deal, especially considering the area. The crust was very thin and crispy, which was great under the sauce and cheese, but not great at the edges. The gyro looked a little lonely without any fries or sides to accompany it, and I wasn't really full after finishing it (so I had some pizza). The meat wasn't bad, and the pita was deliciously warm. The toppings were fresh. However, even though I saw the homemade sauce (mostly as it dripped out the other end of the pita), I did not taste it at all. The gyro didn't really miss it, but I might have made it better.
If you're looking to go easy on your wallet in Old City, grabbing a couple slices of pizza here is the way to go. They also offer hot and cold sandwiches, pasta, Greek specialties, and some bakery items, all for reasonable prices.This gets 2 stars for location and cleanliness. However, the pizza is not good. It's just not good at all. I would rather have Pizza Hut.  Also the service sucked. Two thumbs down.Our waitress took a really long time for anything and I could barely understand her. She also wasn't all that friendly. The place was kind of dirty looking inside and the menu is very confusing. Everything I tried to order she either didn't have or "she doesn't do that." Don't waste your time.Stumbled into this place after visiting Betsy Ross's house. Kids can't stop taking about the awesome chicken fingers. Cheese steak was very good. The sub roll it was on was exceptional. My daughter said we have to go now every time we visit Philly. Great little find!Food was mediocre and overprice. More importantly, the old woman behind the counter was rude, rude, rude. I can't believe people tolerate such terrible customer service. Anyone that is complacent with these horrendous people taking their money needs a reality check.Really enjoyed our visits here during our recent weekend. gyros and spanakopita were excellent. breakfast sandwiches top-notch. excellent service. great vibe. will return. TY.Okay so, I was a big Lorenzo's fan. I didn't scramble for a replacement, because I didn't expect to find it.
Then I came across this place, unsuspectingly. $2.70 for a plain slice, and it's huge! YES! I had stumbled upon a new place with awesomely huge slices. This place not only has the potential to satisfy the Lorenzo's lover, but also the Lorenzo's hater. That's right. 
While the slices are sizable, they also have appropriate proportions of sauce and cheese, and they are not overly gooey (sigh). 
Also, it's super cute in there. Good service. I love pizza.This was the worst I could give them.  I went in during an event in town, purchased a pie and was told the rest rooms were only for customers.   Rude employeesWe had been here a few years ago and while visiting this year we decided to stop again remembering how good it was. We each had a slice of their delicious oversized slices of pizza and some onion rings. The pizza came out hot and ready to eat! It was so good the crust had a nice crispy, cheesy, not greasy! The onion rings were just ok, maybe frozen from a bag but not awful. The prices were right, they have a great menu, an open kitchen where we saw the guy rolling out the dough. It's right down the street from Betsy Ross's house not far from Independence Hall. You won't be disappointed.I just had a great pizza from old city. 
Not only is the service friendly and fast in this great neighborhood location.  But the crust is yummy and that's half the battle. The toppings are your own fault.For a quick pie or local streak sandwich, this is the best in old city area.
Fries are great, wings are average. Be sure to try the soup of the day!Although my 17 year old was very hungry he eats a LOT of pizza and declared this "best pizza" he has ever eaten!  Service was good.  We also had salad, a panini, and lasagne ....all very fresh and homemade tasting.  The prosciutto on the panini was a very generous portion.I went to this place because the signs outside said best cheesesteaks in philly. What a lie! The waitress was very short with us literally said "What do you want?" when she came to take out order. My boyfriend ordered a burger with fries. I wish I took a picture to show how gross it looked and the bread looked like it was bought from the dollar store. Waste of time and money. The cheesesteak was so bland and barely had any cheese and again the bread was very dry. The historic district is expensive to eat at and this place was very cheap. Totally not worth it though! I literally made a yelp account today just because this place was so bad and doesn't deserve 3 stars!Perfect place for a great quick bite on a Saturday night. Pizzas slices are huge and delicious. You must see the size of these slices. Been here many thanks time and never disappointed. Took my 2 & 5 year old niece and nephew there this past weekend, very kid friendly. A must try in Old City!I don't normally rate a place one star but the service was so terrible I didn't make it to the food!  I sat down and waited 20 minutes watching as the one other occupied table in the restaurant got service. I tried to politely (maybe too polite) to ask for service but what I can only assume was the manager was too busy complaining about the world's problems to a friend (hopeful she knew them).
Bottom line servo was terrible and who knows about the food....If you are wanting refills on your drinks this not the place to go. The best thing I ate was the bun on the burger.I was one of the tourists that apparently make the mistake of stopping at Old City Pizza to grab a quick bite.  This was the worst restaurant experience in my life.  The old hag was very rude and hateful.  There was a fly in my food.  She forced me to pay.  I reported them to the health dept.  Do not set foot in this dump.This place is awful. It was cold and snowing so I ordered soup, but I also wanted pizza. The soup could have been from a can( not a very good caned soup at that) and the pizza was only $2.50 for a "mega" slice. It was paper thin and tasted like a piece of wonder bread. This place sucks.
Edit: I actually got a stomach bug less then 15 hours after eating there. Not cool. Don't go here really. I hope they fail a a business.Horrible!! They literally just cook cheese pizzas in mass quantities and then throw ingredients on top and re heat the slices. They don't even bother cooking the ingredients. I was beyond shocked at how this place is still in business. The ONLY way I could ever eat this is if I was black out drunk purely so I wouldn't have to remember ever being there. Yuck!Got a cheesesteak there last night. The meat seamed to be fine. But fried onions were not fresh. Got food poisoning.This place is terrible. I wish I could give it zero stars. Ordered a grilled chicken pesto panini the other night. Everyone know what a panini looks like right? Ok this "panini" looked like someone took two soggy pitas and slapped some overcooked, chewy chicken breasts (not even cut if I may add) and slapped a measly amount of pesto sauce with an even measlier amount of peppers and gross mushrooms. I'm appalled at how they could even pass this off to a customer. I could have made a better "panini" myself!Just had the Cheesesteak and it was very good wife had the chicken cheesesteak and she really enjoyed it tooI have never been so disrespected in my life by a business owner. When the pizza wasn't delivered for over an hour, we called and asked what the hold up was, and the owner said they are no longer bringing us our pizza and hung up on us. Horrid. Horrible people.Note to self: Next time you're in Philadelphia, and you've been walking for hours, and you plan to have lunch some time in the near future... don't just walk into the first place that advertises Philly cheese steaks as a menu item. (Yes, I was a tourist, and I wanted to have the staple tourist food!)
It wasn't a bad Philly cheese steak, but I was in Philly... and I wanted an AMAZING cheese steak.  It's unfortunate that the one chance I got to eat in the city, I didn't go to a place well noted for them.  But I was nearby Betsy Ross's house, it was 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and I was starving.  I just wanted to eat.  Anywhere.  I might have had better luck at a street vendor.  Service was rather odd, too.  I walked in and didn't know whether or not to just seat myself or wait for a hostess.
(*In reference to the experience I had in late May, 2010.)The ladies that work here are not the warm and fuzzy kind.  They're actually tough and rough around the edges but they serve your food quickly.  Pizza is great but the slices are huge!  Worth the trip.Pizza is decent.  Slices are huge.  They can be sooooo rude though.  ...And are not accommodating at all.  I go there occasionally, but I do ask myself why sometimes following.  
....Alas (good customer service isn't that hard, people)This place is literally a stones throw from my place and looks nice enough and is open late. Unfortunately the pie disappoints and withstanding the direst of circumstances, I'll likely be looking elsewhere for my pizza.
Cons
-'Interesting Crust' - this is the Alpha and Omega of pizza, nothing else matters if you can't get this right. OCP makes the questionable call of a space-aged crust, ultra light and crumbly in that partially-hydrogenated way such that delivers state of the art, styrofoamish resistance to moisture and corn starch-like mouth feel. In some parts, this is cutting edge crust (someone else on this list said 'roller rinks'), I guess I'm little more old world.
Pros
-Open Late
-Speedy delivery.
-Cheap. (Notice I didn't say affordable?)Great pizza for late nights. Very affordable. Hoagies and fries are average. I'll certainly return for pizza.GREAT Cheesesteak. Pizza was also great. Waitress very friendly and efficient. Affordable.Decent food, but nothing special. Unfortunately, the service ranges from mediocre at best to extremely bad. After buying from this place almost weekly and putting up with the poor service time and time again, I had an awful experience recently. I even decided to go back and speak to them about it and reminded them who I was and that we buy from them weekly. The response I got back was so rude that I will never return. I could tell many many stories but it is pointless to disclose the details. Long story short, I hope someone from the place reads this and takes note to do something differently before the unknowing tourists are the only customer base left.This place has a great location. Greek/italian fuse. Not sure why this place has been getting bad reviews unless it went downhill since I was last there. Try the Feta fries and Feta Pizza! Overall great place to enjoy some good food and a beer with friendsI got a slice of pizza to go, pepperoni total $3.51. It was worth every penny! This pizza reminded me of the pizza sold in my childhood everywhere from a truck or the local 'Pizza Parlor' as they were called in the 70's. I lived in East Oak Lane in Philadelphia there was a place called Harvey Pizzeria st 10th and Godfrey. Each bite of this slice from Old City Pizza brought back such fond memories. 
Moving away from my personal pizza journey. A single slice from Old City Pizza struck a perfect balance of cheese sauce and flavor. Generally I add garlic and hot pepper seeds, in this case it was not necessary. I added hot simply because I like spicy food. But the flavor was outstanding all by itself. Although there was some grease it wasn't the kind to drip off the plate. One slice was served hot prompt a delicious!Panini was soaking wet on one side and did not have enough cheese to hold it together. Looks like a place to take your kids on the cheap, but you get what you pay for.Potentially the most disgusting place in Old City, that includes unidentifiable food items and unsanitary looking facility. The service is non existent and the female (I hesitated to call her a "lady") at the counter has a psychotic attitude which made me walk out without getting my order last time. Never again. Yuck.Never had the pizza, but the chicken sandwiches (on the pita) are SO good.  Lots of chicken that is fresh and hot and the fries happen to be awesome, as well.  Glad it's close...  I will go often.When I travel, I like to eat at the local mom and pop shops. Ran across Old City Pizza while out walking. Had the Philly cheese steak, it was great! The grill is a quaint place, and my service was fantastic. Going back to try breakfast.found this on yelp. One block from our hotel (Wyndham).  The best pizza I had in a long time.  everything on my "Old City Special " was fresh.  A 10" for $10.50 was a great price.  If you order the salad,  be prepared it's big enough for 4 people. Only drawback was it was really warm in the restaurant. I still think it's a good stop for pizza lovers.Nice little spot with big slices of pizza for $2.70.
I had some business in the area and ended up parking down the block form this location. My review is based solely on a single slice because, well that's all I had. The fact that it was a greek owned pizza grille was interesting to me, so I stopped in to see what fun mixed up stuff that had.
To my disappointment, it was just a regular grille with some desserts displayed behind the counter, run by some nice old greek lady. There were a bunch of options on the overheard boards without any prices and no pizzas on the counter! So, instead of being surprised, or checking the menus on the tables for prices, I just ordered a slice of plain to eat and then leave. What did surprise me was the big slice of pie that came out. It wasn't quite lorenzo's, which I wasn't a huge fan of anyway, but it wasn't bad for the price.
The pizza was good. Like everyone else said, they skimp a little on the cheese and there isn't much gooeyness, but the flavor is alright. It's a good stop for 2.70 pizza that is significantly flavorful and crisp, but I didn't really like the crust at all. 
I would definitely go back if in the area.