I stop in Old Nelson at least three times a week...
My favorite breakfast sandwich is made by the good folks at Old Nelson - bacon, egg and cheese on sourdough toast - yum. Perfectly proportioned and so darn tasty. The sourdough toast makes it.
The deli counter offers a large selection of sandwiches and salads, including paninis, and all are well-crafted, and large enough for two day's worth of lunches. This is the only place I go for salads around my office. Size, price and quality can't be beat. Great selection of all the lunchtime accouterments, chips, sweets sodas and my favorite Vitamin Water - Revive. They also stock a wide selection of Haribo gummy candies, my 2:30pm weakness. 
Most importantly, this place is a well-oiled machine. I've never seen an establishment handle the lunchtime mob that this place gets with greater speed, efficiency and accuracy. There could be 20 people deep at the counter and I still get my sandwich in under 3 minutes. And the check-out line - amazing! You've never seen one move that fast. Trust me.This has become a go-to lunch spot! They have a wide variety of salads and sandwiches (hot and cold) and they are also very fast in preparing the food! My favorite is definitely the Thai peanut salad!Great menu. Great fresh made sandwiches and salads.  Great selections of water. Jucies and sodas. Fast service. Friendly workers. Near the tourists attractions.This place is a high-end Wawa/7 Eleven. They always have everything you need from fruit, teas, salads but you are going to be up-charged for the convenience. The check-out is always quick, they either want you out quick or are being considerate of your time, not quite sure which one :)So yesterday, the 90 degree temps kept me close to the office.  I was soooo hungry, but had no idea what to get.  So - I called up old faithful, I mean, Old Nelson and ordered a Cobb salad (a deviation from my usual chicken salad sandwich or liverwurst on rye) and it was soooooo disappointing.  I was hoping for nice thick bacon, but instead I got glorified bacon bits (not really 1980s bacon bits, but very reminiscent).  I was also hoping for a nice peppery ranch dressing, but unfortunately I got something that tasted like a "no frills" store brand ranch.  The chicken also left a lot to be desired, the seasoning was just off - too sweet, or too something.  Basically, my meal was tremendously underwhelming and after a few bites I found myself a little skeeved and peeved by the abundance of lettuce and shady lady chicken strips.  Old Nelson is so close to my office that I will likely be back, but probably only for the chicken salad sandwich on rye.  Or maybe, I'll just walk the extra block and enjoy a vanilla cone w/ rainbow sprinkles from Dairy Queen, that girl never disappoints!I'm surprised this Nelson's has as many good/positive reviews as it does, because I can't say I'm a fan of this place at all.  
Positives - It's in a prime location on the corner of 7th and Chestnut.  Although Nelson's can get super crowded in mornings and especially at lunch, the store itself is a pretty decent size and I'll give them credit, they do carry a large variety of snacks, dry goods, drinks and canned goods.  
Negatives - As I stated earlier, it can definitely get crowded and when it does, the checkout and deli counter lines can get long.  I've had several sandwiches, hoagies, salads and soups before, but nothing was a stand-out and to me it was typical deli-fare that you could purchase anywhere.  Also, there's no grill here (Duh) so that 'grilled' chicken breast with your salad is probably microwaved and same goes for the bacon.  And I know most deli's do not have a grill, but I am never trying to eat microwaved chicken or bacon.  
I realize this place is in Center City, but some of the prices are pretty outrageous and their ATM charges more than other ATM's in the vicinity.  
And my biggest gripe with this place was the staff.  Every time I've stepped foot in here, I've never received a smile, a 'hello', a 'thank you' or anything.  At the check out line, while paying for your item, you get nudged over to the side as they are already trying to ring up the customer behind you.  It's ridiculous and rude.  I work nearby, but choose to walk several blocks to other deli's that are just as good if not better than Nelson's.  Oh, and they actually have a sense of what real customer service is.A much needed upscale version of wawa - with sandwiches and convenience foods, plus beverages and yogurt.  Sorely needed so I am thankful it's here.I adore Old Nelson. I used to stop here on my way to work. I like that they sell things like Pocky here...so you don't have to go several more blocks into Chinatown to get it. It feels like a mini-Whole Foods in here and it's perfect for someone on a gluten-free or vegetarian diet. 
They offer frozen foods and deli--perfect if you forget lunch.I went here for the first time for lunch today. I work just a few blocks away, so it was the perfect nearby option to grab and take back to the office.
The place was pretty darn busy when I got there, as you would expect for a deli counter at 12:30. The employees are brisk, no-nonsense, and get-the-job-done, but not rude or unpleasant. It can be an intimidating manner for those like me who are uncertain or indecisive. But when you're in the middle of a lunch rush, exchanging pleasantries doesn't really fit into the hustle and bustle of churning out tasty sandwiches or salads for hungry workers.
On to the food! I ordered a mozzarella and roasted red pepper with basil pesto panini. It was delicious. Made on a fresh, crusty loaf, it was warm and the mozzarella was gooey when I got back to my desk and tore away the first tasty bite. The flavors harmonize so well together, you're never overpowered by one in particular; they melt and flow together creating a perfect harmony of deliciousness. I know good fresh mozzarella, and they use it!
I will absolutely return to check out the cold egg/tuna/chicken/seafood salad sandwiches; I'm a sucker for all of these and can't wait to see how Old Nelson's executes them.i used to work by old nelson and went there for lunch almost everyday.  they always had great sandwiches and soup.  i still miss that place.The P7 (panini with sun dried tomato pesto, artichoke hearts, melted cheese, and perfectly cut ham) is my usual lunch deal. They have an unusual selection of candy (Asian and turkish) and a large selection of snacks and sodas. Very fairly priced and very efficient fast service.Located conveniently from me at work they have a very diverse selection of lunch time foods.  I can only speak to their vegan selection which is awesome but I'd assume that for the sinners out there the selection is also great.  Very friendly staff too.Ya know what, I like this place. I never think about it when I need to go out, and get a bite to eat, but they have a good selection of healthy, clean foods. They make any sandwich you like on good bread, and have a lot of the extras you would find at 7-11 or so. They even had flowers which I needed one day in a bind. :) Overall, no complaints.Sandwich was good. 
The wait wasn't bad considering it was lunch hour.
The girls behind the counter are adorable.
The prices are good.Awesome Convenient shop! With AMAZING sandwiches. The turkey, avocado and honey mustard is superb.  My husband and I prefer coming to Old Nelson's for a sandwich and bag of chips over a night out in the city most times. So delicious and well keptP6- the chicken sundried tomatoes, pesto panini- it's going to change your life if you're willing to let it!Decent prices, great wraps. Always packed, make sure you call your order in ahead of time. Service is quick!Do not get a breakfast sandwich here. They microwaved my bagel (and I'm pretty sure the eggs too). Nice people and the price is right though.Lately, I'm on a hoagie roll. Ok, I'm sorry. So sorry about that. That was a bad pun. Fine, punish me. Ok, I'm really sorry about that one. Really, last one. Last pun. 
Old Nelson Food Company turns out consistently great sandwiches, hoagies, wraps, and salads. The little market inside is nothing fancy, just a few rows of chips, pretzels, and candies. Also, the coolers lining the wall have a wide selection of beverages, including some beer and wine I believe. 
Their deli meats are top notch - all Boar's Head - and the combinations work really well. It's nothing earth-shattering, just good quality meats, veggies, and cheeses. Their turkey sandwiches (the #2 and #4) are both really impressive, if you're a turkey fan. And Nelson knows how to get their Italian on, let's be honest. And the key, the key my friends, is going to be the quality of the bread. I have yet to be disappointed with the freshness of their variety of breads, rolls, and bagels. 
The last thing to note is the service. The sandwich makers are patient, though maybe a little less so during the busy lunch hours, and they'll walk you through their overwhelming number of options. It's not fast food in the traditional sense, however. Don't expect to be in and out in five minutes. Give yourself 10 minutes when there's virtually no line and 20 minutes at peak hours. 
Old Nelson might be one of the best hoagie makers in the city. Worth the wait and the walk and whatever else it might take to get your hands on one.This place is my savior when i forget to pack my lunch...  Which is probably 4 days out of the 5 that i work.  HAhhh!!! 
Favorites include: 
the salads!! 
the soups!! 
the chip and beverage selection!  
the SERVICE!! - saved the best for last becuase it really is a well organized fast paced mecca of lunch items.A great choice for a quick lunch break. This is located right around the corner from my office, so my coworkers and I will bop in once or twice a week to pick up a sandwich to bring back to our desks.The deli has delicious, fresh options that can be custom ordered. I personally am partial to turkey, lettuce, tomato, and onions on wheat, but my coworker swears by the reuben. The line moves extremely fast as well, so don't be overwhelmed by the crowd at the lunch rush. These workers mean business. They also have a great selection of drinks and chips to accompany your sandwich, so while you're waiting for the deli to finish your order, go browse the shelves.I would make sweet love to Old Nelson's if I could.  Home of delicious sandwiches, chips, juices, sodas, snacks, and really, most anything you'd want a corner shop to have.
The sandwiches are reasonably priced.  I end up stopping there every morning for coffee and a bagel since it is across the street from my work.  In fact, I end up spending too much money there since it is too easy to sneak on over when you have a few extra minutes and buy some snack or drink!
The reason for four stars and not five is that i think their salads are crap.  i had a ceaser salad once and it looked delicious.  however, the dressing was awful.  it was more of some sort of italian dressing.  also, i give four stars since they take too much of my money from being so damn addictive!  more of my own fault, but i like to blame others!WELL. I am just less-than-pleased-as-punch to know there are multiples of this disgrace. Actually, it's okay. See it's like a real deli. You can either go in there and order a salad/sammie and they'll make it there and give it to you orrrrr you can order your fresh meats, fresh cheeses heeyrrreee!
But we've (my working department) run into quite a few moths, nests, and spider webs in anything with a container. Which is gross.
If you want to risk it, know that the long lines will bring you to a quick checkout. Lord, do they have that checkout method down. So that's good, I guess. Their atm has a stupid-high fee. Oh and we call their coffee "tuna coffee" because it smells weird and is really bitter.
But at least they offer Cherry Coke Zero and the latest in pop music on the radio.Let me preface this by saying ive never ordered food here so i cant speak to that, although ive heard it's quite good. I stopped in here today to get rolls and eggs since i didnt feel like trekking 6 blocks to superfresh with my hands full. I asked the guy if i could buy 4 long rolls. He said he needed them today but he could give me a long one and 2 round ones. Geez thanks. Being that i was desperate and lazy i agreed. He follows me to the checkout and throws them on the counter and the long one was marked $2 and each round roll was .75. Ridiculous! Since i still didnt feel like hiking to superfresh i just paid it but was annoyed and had to turn to yelp to let out my frustration.quick, reasonably priced, fresh ingredients and generous portions. that's all i need from a lunch place that i visit close to once a week.Quick, efficient, accurate, good quality.  I love their salads.  Nothing to complain about here!I Have nothing but good stuff to say about this place, The girls are super nice, I never had an error with my order, No matter how crowded it is the waiting time frame for the food do not exceed 10 minutes, Delivery available and speedy fast!  Huge Variety of candies snacks and sodas. I highly recommend this placeI really enjoy these markets.  Fresh, tasty sandwiches and friendly workers. 
Sorry that I don't have much to say, but if you are looking for an affordable yet hearty lunch,  stop on in.A fine place to go for a cup of self serve la columbe coffee. Several lunch and snack options.Whelp after coming here for almost 3 years today was it for me. It was crowded per usual for lunch so once I got my sandwich it was off to the checker and out super quick!
I ordered a ham and cheese, onion, lettuce, pickle with mayo on the side. When I opened it I had noticed the lettuce was all stem, there was tomato which I didn't want and no pickle or onion which I did. I tried to work with it for a few moments before throwing away. 
The crowding, poor ordering organization, lack of any friendly customer service, hell even that rude dismissive way they move you along at the check out - I can deal with all that IF you give me a decent sandwich. 
This is the third time the sandwich has been a tosser! That is all the strikes you get out of me.
Only thing that saved my lunch at all is that I thought to grab a Hanuta bar. Will have to do until dinner!I work right near here, across the street.  For lunch usually I just pick something up...
It's a place with a moderately large selection of instant eats.  Although they have lots of sandwiches, I find that there's not actually much I can eat from that menu (being a vegetarian - though they do have salads, too and a few vegetarian sandwiches).  I generally just grab an Amy's frozen entree or one of the already prepared vegan sandwich/salads in the mini fridge near the cashiers.  And if I'm really bad I'll browse the large selection of chips and get some.Probably the best of all deli's in town,  or at least that part of center city.  Very large selection of sandwich's & salads, and it's all good.  They're usually packed with customers at lunch time but the very efficient staff keeps the wait time short and the crowds moving.Quick and easy lunch option with solid offerings.  It seems like the lunch crowd are totally regulars who know their orders or call in advance for pick-up.  This isn't the place where you go to browse the menu and ask the employees options about the offerings.  It is more like order quickly: chicken salad on wheat, provolone and hold the tomatoes and then slide to the side!  Same goes for the cashier line - have your card or cash (exact change) ready or else you just feel as if you have thrown a wrench in their very well oiled lunch-time machine.  (Kudos for the assembly line efficiency!)  I will say, that the soups have been major misses recently, especially the roasted vegetable which was reminiscent of pureed veggies / baby food.I've given them many chances and today was the last straw.  I entered the store with nobody there.  Placed my order for a cold hoagie, grabed a drink and chips and paid for the meal.  Meanwhile, several people entered and placed orders.  Since Old Nelsons is too cheap toimplement a proper ordering system, the newer orders (post-it notes) got placed on top of mine.  Another wave, more notes (orders) on top of mine.  After 10 minutes I complained.  Was told it was coming.  Another 5 minutes, I asked again.  Told it was coming.  More notes on top of mine.  Then I was asked to place my order again.  No Apologie, no nothing.  Staff was RUDE.  Oh, and I witnessed one employess using their bare hand to put meat on another sandwhich.  I could only image what they did to mine.  I threw it out when I left.
I would say that i've eaten there at least a dozen times and have had issues like this at least 8 times.Grabbed a quick late lunch here while traveling for business in the area. Pop in and order a sandwich from the counter or select premade items from the cooler. The sushi and asian noodles I selected were fresh and hit the spot. This place also hits the jackpot on snacks. If you are hungry and don't have time to sit in a restaurant and don't want connivence store style food than Old Nelson Food Company will hit your sweet spot and quench your thirst.
Great selection of fancy sodas and juices. Several tables and chairs outside on the patio to chow down. Not on the chairs ... on your purchase.Fast. A great system for getting high quality sandwiches done and to the customer. An order taker gives you a number and calls out when yours is ready. Very busy at noon of course. Got mine and off to the airport. Next time I'll phone it in for faster turnaround. Like the #5 and #2 sandwiches.I have been visiting family in Westport Connecticut for years.  Westport is a small town located on the banks of the Long Island Sound with small shops and markets spread throughout.  Old Nelson Food Co. immediately reminded me of a place I would find in Westport.  They have higher end grocery products, a large coffee section and a deli with 8 workers behind it.  Their menu is way larger than expected and with the average sandwich costing around $5. Old Nelson is an a great place to grab a sandwich to go, or pick up some last minute items before dinner.  If you're in the area check it out.Old Nelson is a well oiled machine.  This place is always packed and I usually stop-in when I want to treat myself to a lil something special (this is usually on payday).  
I like the big boards where all your food choices are displayed.   There are wraps, salads and panini sandwiches just to name a few.  The ordering system reminds me of a New York Deli.   
Although it is usually crowded--ordering to checkout moves rather quickly!Old Nelson is where you go for clean, simple sandwiches. This is where you cannn order the complicated sandwich, but you better know what you want. 
This is where you go at lunch to order haphazardly at the counter and then occupy as little space as possible amongst all the other center city biz casch folks. But don't prepare to stand still in this minimum square footage, because you are inevitably in someone's way. Perhaps the person trying to survey the pre-made sushi options. Or a guy with less leisure trying to grab the microwave noodle options of ramen / teriyaki / soup / etc. Or the unaware buffoon who exhales heavily, sweats unnaturally, does not make an effort to stay as small as possible, and positions himself just in front of your nose. And so on!
Things here can add up quickly. You need to spend at least $5 to use a card. You may bumble about paying, signing, grabbing your treasured food container, but when you have finished the cashier is already ringing up the next customer and you are once again in the way. You will feel inefficient and you still might not have your shit together yet.
My verdict? Occasionally worthwhile, but not often. Although the seafood salad is good.For corner convenience stores, Old Nelson is a few steps above your average kwik-e-mart.  They have a really great deli in which the workers don't appear to be picking their noses.  The sandwiches are good, and they have a wide array of salads which consist of more than iceberg lettuce and a few sad tomatoes.  Their frozen food section has organic options (not that I tend to eat frozen food...) And they also have canned soup of the organic variety.  Their coffee is decent and strong and they have a good selection of dried fruit, nuts and imported chocolates.
Go Old Nelson!kinda like wawa, but with a little more variety? i dunno. they had cranberry red bull and that's all i wanted. can't tell the difference between this place, spruce rana, jay's deli, etc.
whatever/forever.i go here for lunch at least once a week. my most visited lunch place for sure. it is always croweded but they move fast. everything i have ever tried has become my new favorite. these people are sandwitch experts. i dont even need to suggest anything- you cannot go wrong.what can i say?  this place is close to my office, so i go about once a week.  i guess that means i like it enough and the location is convenient.  the only thing i ever order is the veggie sandwich on 7 grain.  if they put a little bit more avocado on the sammie, i'd be a much happier customer.
nice selection of juices and teas.  oh, and tons of options in the chips department.
overall, nothing mind-blowing, but it is a nice deli to have in the area and the staff is reasonably friendly.Stopped by here yesterday for a tuna melt and an italian sandwich. Both were truly excellent! It's clearly designed to be more of a grab'n'go type spot but there's a small counter with some stools where we enjoyed our sandwiches.Fast and good quality food. They have a variety of sandwich and panini options so there's something for everyoneJust tried to get a salad and I was told fairly rudely "No Salad!" 
It was 6:30, supposed to be open until 8pm. 
Shame on you Old Nelson. 
I frequently get my breakfast items there but now I'm seriously turned off by their poor customer service!My sausage egg and cheese bagel was delicious.  They also had a coffee bar and various specialty goods that were pretty high quality.  They had Boar's Head meat and a ton of options on the menus.  I devoured that bagel and if were around here more often would definitely stop by for another one.  It was also cheaper than I expected.  The only qualm was a very long wait for the bagel.  But as I said, I am definitely a fan and recommend for a quick breakfast sandwich.Old Nelsons is consistantly providing great quick service and quality sandwhiches. I work around the corner and when I'm in a crunch and need a fast lunch break- I can always count on Old Nelsons to whip me up a tasty wrap or sandwhich pronto regardless of the crowd they have  in there ( which there usually is).  They manage to provide promptness in conjunction with friendliness which is hard to find in a busy fast paced lunch shop.
They use Boars head meats and have a great selection of drinks, chips and even a small selection of market items for those days when you need to grab something quick for the house.Fantastic place to go for a quick, cheap lunch. Reasons why I love this place:
- Sandwiches:  Their sandwiches are awesome!  They are made with Boar's Head meat, so you know it's going to be high quality.  They have a variety of breads/condiments you can choose from, so your sandwich is easily custom made.  I would suggest paying the extra fifty cents to get your sandwich on a baguette, it is more than worth it (then again, I'm a sucker for a crispy french bread).  The overall size of the sandwich is very impressive (especially for the price)
- Price:  The prices are very very reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get!  The sandwiches are all in the 5-8 dollar range (it's worth the bump up from the 5 dollar foot long though, trust me).
-Location:  Sure it's right near my office, but it's also 2 blocks away from Washington Square park.  On a nice day, there's nothing better than getting your food and enjoying it in the park.
I have not tried their salads yet, so I can not speak to how good they are, but I look forward to trying them next time I go!.Really good quality sandwiches and lots of other off the shelf items.  The staff is well trained, runs very efficiently and he products they produce are consistent. The sandwiches are reasonably priced for the quality but most of the other stuff in the store not so and doesn't have a price until you get to the register. For instance a kombucha is $4.50 there and up the street it's $3.25 which is more towards the norm. I could do without the religious music.This is really a great go to lunch spot for simple sandwiches/salads.  I've seen this place packed almost always at lunch. They really have a good system when ordering their sandwiches/salads - quick and efficient they give you a number after ordering. A little pricey but you will find everything tasty. When it's a nice day take your food over to Washington square park a block away!This place is like the soup Nazi of sandwich/salad places - fast and tasty. The only difference is that the staff is very friendly :)I actually go here a lot. I like the chicken Thai wrap. I went in today to order it and apparently they stop serving salad items an hour before they even close. Half of the menu are salads. They close at 6pm on Saturdays. Not like it's a late night place. I couldn't get the wrap because it's considered a salad item. I don't understand the reasoning behind it. Seems like you should just serve your entire menu until you close or if you are that desperate to get out early, close at 5pm. It may be convenient for you, but as a repeat customer, I probably won't be back for awhile. Turning customers away is not a good way to run a business.Great selection of foods, the service is great. It can get really crowded at lunch time, but the service is very fast! 
I love their paninis and they have a large selection of food! 
Portions are a great size, salads are huge!Good quality deli sandwich. Ordered delivery and the sandwiches came as requested and still warm!For what Old Nelson is, it deserves a 4 star rating in my book, especially for a place to grab a sandwich in this part of Center City. I work close by so I've been to the alternative options, however, Old Nelson is very convenient. It is a place with good deli sandwiches with a variety of your basic convenience store essentials like chips and drinks.
The hoagie and wraps are good. You can find better options in the area in the many cafes around but you're going here for a quick stop and not actually to dine in. The service is somewhat fast and I've never had to wait 10+ minutes for my food. Prices are reasonable as well.Today was my first time at Old Nelson. I have to say that it won't be the last! I ordered 2 sandwiches and both were great. The prices are good too especially for center city.I work across the street so have frequented Nelson's quite a number of times. I'm able to grab some hearty, high quality sandwiches and paninis.  You can get a little fancy with prosciutto or artichokes paninis.    
It's staffed by a group of very diligent men and women.  The lunch rush is crazy so I'd recommend getting here early, or just picking it up in the morning.  To avoid the wait sometimes I'll just grab a soup and piece of bread, their soups are pretty good though.  The place also moonlights as a mini grocery store, so you have quite a few things you can grab, they have a wide selection of chips and not just Doritos.  The only minor gripe is some of the drinks are on the pricey side but that's about it.I went there for lunch and got some really good sandwiches. The meat and bread were really tasty. They had a ton of condiments. They also have drinks and sides to go with your main. My only asking is a restroom.Oh old Nelson. You make 3pm on any day of the week seem all right. With your selection of international candies and a DELICIOUS egg and cheese sandwich, i couldn't ask for more. Where else in the city can i pair breakfast with a mint aero bar? I haven't had one of those since i was in Canada, and they are even more delicious than i remember. I normally don't support chain stores, but i can't help it on this one. Old Nelson is just so friendly, so good, and has such a magnificent selection that i can't resist. I don't really eat from their deli except for the odd egg and cheese, but everyone from work does and sings its praises.Can't beat this place for your morning coffee (featuring La Colombe) and your lunch break. Some of the best sandwiches, soups, salads, and all made with quality ingredients and freshly sliced deli meats. It's rare that a day goes by without me stopping at Old Nelson..whether coffee, lunch, or just a snack..you cannot go wrong here!I absolutely just love this Old Nelson Club Sandwich, #18. It's Chicken-Bacon-Avocado (I love their multigrain) and chips & pickle. I crave this sandwich when I leave here!The speed of this place during the lunch rush hour is incredible! Less than 10 mins in and out, even during the craziest hours. Good sandwiches, many selections of snacks and drinks and super friendly staff. I'm pretty sure the front register people have memorized the price of every item in the store. Def my go to during the work week.Fast service and quality sandwiches at a great price!
Don't be discouraged if you walk in at lunch hour and there's 25 people by the deli counter (and there will be).  The staff is a well oiled machine and no matter how crowded it is, chances are you'll have your order in 10 minutes or less.  When you get in line to pay, have your cash or card out, because the two Asian ladies at the register are casino quick.
The menu has over 50 items on it and most are in between $4.50 and $6.50.  Thats pretty good considering the location and quality of food you're getting.
Definitely one of the best take out lunch places around.Nelson's lunchmeat is Boars head.  So good and always super fresh.  I do not like their italian hoagie much. It's not packed with much meat but their wraps and sandwiches are good as well as their paninis.  Their salads are ok but not my go to for a salad.  If I am going to nelsons I am either getting a panini or a sandwich or a wrap.  Their corned beef special is so good and the meat is so fresh and not fatty. I just wish the rye bread they gave it to you on didn't have the seeds.  This is not an eat in. It's a take out spot.  You will get stuck standing there a few minutes if you order in there.  I usually call and order and go pick up.  The check out line is usually long but they do get you moving  pretty quick. The two ladies on the cashier work at super speed.  I do enjoy the freshness of everything here.Work right around the corner, so Old Nelson is a good friend of mine these days. One of my favorite sandwiches (and also a great book) Ham on Rye is done well there,  can't really go wrong with Boars Heads and fresh bread with some spicy mustard. They started carrying soups, which are all very good. So far, the turkey curry with wild rice was my favorite. The ladies behind the counter are friendly and efficient, and it certainly doesn't hurt that they are both beautiful. Good global selection of candies and chocolates as well while you check out. Fast also so good for lunch in a crunch.Love this place especially at lunch time! They have a huge board of sandwich recommendations and they prepare food at a ridiculously fast pace. The sandwiches are always piled high with delicious boars head meats. 
It's small and always crowded but you never wait long. The smoked turkey, avocado and honey mustard sandwich is my favorite thus far (#4)
FYI - They don't take credit cards under $5.Old Nelson, a cool convient like shop in the heart of center city. If your in the area or you happen to work nearby, its a good place to check out during your lunch break cause it has a lot to offer.
I often go on my lunch break and I enjoy their sandwhiches at their deli. They also have my favorite chocolate which is white chocolate with almonds by rittersport. 
Old Nelson also has an area to grab a piece of fruit such as an apple or an orange for a 1.00. You can also get pretzels, bagels, chips, healthy snacks and plenty more at Old Nelson Food Company!There food is always fresh and made to order.  Also, they have the best packaged noodles in all flavors and spices!!I love old Nelson. They are conveniently located, have a vast array of sandwiches, paninis, soups, salads, snacks, drinks, you name it they probably have it. They're around the corner from my office, and I cannot believe I didn't know it was here all the time. Life is not the same without it, and I find myself wondering here on the weekends because I love it so much in the weekdays. Their staff is friendly, yet regimented, so don't get in line till you are ready to order, seriously, you're in the way. There will be a line from 11:50-1 but they handle everyone very quickly and efficiently. Their food is delicious and they sell a whole slew of side items that will keep your diet diversified if you like different things. Both healthy and bad for you, they serve it all up with a smile.The food selection is amazing, but the prices are disappointing. A small bag of veggie chips and a container of tribe hummus cost me $8. I guess its the price you pay for convenience.I'm glad I found Old Nelson on 18th and JFK.  I always passed by some I dropped in and I was pleasantly surprised.  They have great sandwiches and smoothies.  You actually get good value in terms of quality and quantity of meat in your hoagie.  The soaps are pretty good as well (fresh and homemade ).  Also staff are nice.Old Nelson is an odd little corner store, but I think that's why I like it so much. If Wholes Foods and Wawa decided to become strange bedfellows than Old Nelson would probably be their offspring. Old Nelson gives you the usual candy and chips and cigarettes that you pick up at Wawa. But it throws in the fancy deli, energy bars, and exotic chocolates that you would get out of whole foods. So it gives you the best of both worlds when your in a pinch.
Unlike Wawa you could get by on doing your grocery shopping inside of here if you really wanted to. But I wouldn't really recommend it because often times you'll end up finding yourself paying the Whole Foods price with an increase. But it's the perfect place to go when your looking to add a little something something to your lunch hour. The Deli area might just dish out some of the best sandwiches in the city (plenty of veggie options too). And it has enough add ons to bring you some serious smiles.I've been going to Old Nelson for years to grab lunch. Their menu has a ton of different options for sandwiches, salads, paninis, wraps, hoagies, etc that are prepared when you order. All sandwiches are made with Boar's Head meats and you can customize them to your liking (sometimes costs more). 
You can also find all kinds of snacks, sweets, drinks, chips, or frozen meals. 
Depending on the time of day it can get a little crazy in there, but they try to move as quickly as possible.If you don't live or work near Old Nelson, you're missing out on an excellent lunchtime stop.  The deli counter has a wide variety of delicious sandwiches and hoagies, so you can find something for even the pickiest eater, and their selection of drinks, chips, candies, and snacks is much better than a typical convenience store.
Everyone there is friendly and welcoming, with none of the attitude you can find at some local eateries, and the service is very fast -- even with ten or twelve people waiting for sandwiches, it only takes a couple minutes.
Sometimes I "forget" to pack a lunch, just so I can eat here.This deli is very popular at lunchtime. They have a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, and soups. The line gets long, but the staff and cashiers move orders along in a rapid manner reminiscent of an assembly line. They also have convenience store foid items, including snacks, candies, jams, and drinks.Old Nelson is a well-known deli in Philly, and a great place to stop for any of your miscellaneous needs. Great array of snacks. If you're in the mood to grab lunch, they have a wide variety of sandwiches as well. 
Clean establishment and speedy service.My chicken salad sandwich was soooo delicious and fresh I definitely recommend this place for a nice lunch! I love how fresh everything was .I have no complaints. This is an affordable lunch spot to walk over. You go in, order, get a number tag, wait for your order and then pay. Easy. 
Watch as you enter or exit the store, since there is a step.This has been the worst Old Nelson I've been to. Service is poor and the woman that was supposed to help me not only didnt get up from her seat but she was very mean. I immediately walked back out and sought help at the wonderful business next door.