Keep it up, On Point!   LOVELY staff, delicious food, and decor that honors the neighborhood's history.  We really enjoyed our dinner and will be back.I was pleasantly surprised at how much I loved the food here. It was a Friday morning when me and my boyfriend stopped by here. We were greeted and seated right away. It probably also helped that we were the only ones there. 
The decor is simple and contemporary and gave the place a great ambiance. Our waitress Michelle recommended the Clucker which was a chicken and waffle dish with poached eggs and the farm omelette. I've had chicken and waffles before and was never a big fan but wanted to try their version so I talked my bf into getting it knowing I would eat off of him .
I got the farm omelette with a black truffle aoli? Sauce (sorry don't know how to spell it). It was soooooooo good. I substituted regular omelette with egg whites. The sautéed mushroom and spinach was tucked into the omelette and not mixed in which was great. It was flavorful but not over cooked or salty like many other places. The sauce made it 10x better. The potatoes were crispy and perfectly salted , unlike many other breakfast places we've tried where it comes out soggy , greasy, and salty. 
The sweet potato waffle or the Clucker was perfect-crispy outside with a fluffy inside. The chicken was crispy but not greasy ! Enjoyed my breakfast here and it made my day. Service was excellent and I would recommend this to friends and familyThis place never disappoints! Our first time for lunch. We had the grilled cheese and falafel burger. Heavenly! The brunch menu is also amazing. The chicken and waffles is AMAZING!!Good quality food and good service. Our friends had their two year old with them and On Point accommodated the child with ease. I had the Philly Cheese Steak omelet, which was very good.Visited on point bistro with a large party after the broad street run and was pleasantly surprised to find a new fantastic brunch option!
Located in point breeze, on point has a sunny, bright atmosphere and was fairly busy on this Sunday morning. We were lucky to grab a large table outside with only about a twenty minute wait. 
Our server was friendly and attentive, patiently bringing us pitcher after pitcher of water to help us rehydrate from the run! 
The menu had so many unique, interesting options it was hard to choose what to order! I loved that they had specials on their brunch menu and several in our group got the brisket flatbread which was delicious! I had the huevos rancheros which was delicious and extremely filling! Others in my group enjoyed fresh omelette and pancakes - all revived great reviews from my friends!
Overall, on point is a great addition the the Sunday brunch scene in philly - I will definitely be back!Greetings!
I want to give On Point Bistro 5  STARS !
I booked a special birthday celebration there last Sunday 11/6/2016 after the Brunch crowd to take place 4:30pm- 6:30pm for 15 guests!
My theme was Mexican and since the chef/owner got his training and experience with Jose Garces organization. The guacamole appetizers , entrees of a Mexican Caesar salad, Steak fajitas, and Mac with meat were great selections to choose from for my excited guests! We had one long table and this cozy restaurant to ourselves for our stay which was lovely! This spot is BYOB so I brought a Sangria Box and Mallory ( co-owner) had drink glasses for us and even coffee BEFORE the meal for those that wanted to partake. Food was tasty, hot, and served with care by our server, Kayla, assisted by Mallory.
Some great touches included a special printed menu of pre-selected dishes to choose from, cloth napkins and utensils and an appetizer bar. I brought in my own cake and the server helped to cut it and even send the extras home with yummy leftover slices. 
Price point for each person was manageable for me and street parking available.
Restaurant has only been open 6 + weeks and I know will be a success! Great for groups, I will have to say! 
Thank you for ALL your care! 
Amy G 19146Cheesesteak omelette was amazing. Potatoes were awesome. Bacon seemed a little cheap to be honest. Pancakes were ok. Prices were reasonable. Service was excellent. Biggest complaint is that it was incredibly hot and humid inside. I was literally sweating,which was uncomfortable. As a server, I felt terrible for the people working in that! It was cooler outside believe it or not. Hopefully they get that worked out, because it's really nice to have something back in that spot!!! Welcome to PB!This was my first time at a BYOB restaurant, and I enjoyed it with the wine we brought! I ordered the lamb burger, and it was good! Our server was friendly and helpful.What a great find. Very creative foods for the weekend brunch, many choices.   Delicious, everything we tried.  They have outdoor seating, and plenty of room indoors.  Nice that you can BYO and they will provide a pitcher of mixers.I recently learned of On Point Bistro at the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit that I attended. I don't think that I have ever dined in Point Breeze and I wasn't aware of any dining options that were there. At the event they offered two of their items off of the menu - one was their French onion soup. It was delicious and delicately served in little small portioned paper cups with spoons. The staff that attended the event was very friendly and the food was good enough that it will encourage me to venture out to Point Breeze to try On Point Bistro and to get to know another neighborhood. Well done On Point Bistro and thank you for supporting the Think Local Give Local benefit.After so many visits, mostly positive, this.
Server (to everyone except me): More coffee?
Everyone else: Sure.
Me: Could I get some more iced coffee? Just half a glass please.
Server: That's not refillable.
Me: Is that new?
Server: Yes.
Me: You might want to mention that to people if it's a new thing.
Server: It's on the menu. 
So here's the thing. Iced coffee costs $4. Per glass. Were they seriously going to charge me $8 for two glasses of iced coffee? 
The rudeness of the server aside, why must restaurants get greedy as soon as they start getting some traction? I've been going there pretty much since they opened. And before you say, "but Starbucks..." it's petty regardless. Black and Brew, another local cafe, happily refills coffee and iced coffee. 
It's a bummer to lose a decent brunch place.Love this addition to the neighborhood! Food is always great. Staff is friendly! My favorites are the clucker and the falafel burger.We were very impressed with On Point during our first visit for brunch! Cute space, interesting menu, great service from the moment the hostess greeted us with a smile! We arrived around 10 am on a Sunday (kudos for an early opening time), and the room was maybe 1/4 full, but almost every table was taken when we left an hour later (including at least 2 tables with multiple kids under 2 - just FYI). 
Breakfast nachos were INCREDIBLE. I couldn't stop eating them. (Caution: they are very rich! But worth it!)
BF had an omelette with provolone, spinach and sausage - loved the consistency of the omelette, there was a TON of cheese, but the sausage was a little gristly. Overall, he really liked his dish but I think wouldn't order the sausage again. 
Curious to try the Clucker and to come back for dinner! We will also take advantage of the BYO Champagne for mimosas next time. Great little gem in Point Breeze! 
[Only one SLIGHT negative - the music, an oldies channel on Pandora w/ads, was louder than it needed to be. Had to talk loudly to be heard over it, which mean the overall noise level got pretty high once tables were filled. Maybe turn it down a notch or two?]Great experience! I pass this place all the time and finally got a chance to go for Sunday brunch.
I got the clucker (chicken and waffles) and my boyfriend go the breakfast burger. Portions were big- I could only eat about half of the clucker at the restaurant, but gladly ate the rest the moment I wasn't feeling stuffed anymore. 
The service was quick- even with only two waiters. It started to get crowded around noon, but the servers were still attentive and friendly. 
I will definitely be back because their huevos rancheros and omelettes looked delicious! Definitely give this awesome spot a try.I sprang for an incredible indulgence: The Clucker.  Moist, perfectly cooked chicken with  crispy, not oily, crust.  The sweet potato waffle was substantial without being gooey or too heavy.  Poached eggs were perfectly cooked. You know you've had a good meal when you think about having it again as soon as you've finished!   I've also had one of their off-the-hook omelets.  Only suggestion is that I'd like to see bagels as one of the options, in addition to multi-grain bread.My favorite brunch in the city. Offers everything that some of the more well known places have with equal or better quality and equivalent pricing, but without any of the long waits. The decor is comfortable and homey, and the patronage is inevitably about 50% young couples with babies .Love that they serve brunch Tuesday-Sunday!  Service and food were great, nice decor and atmosphere.I ended up choosing this place because of the margarita pitchers. I couldn't have been more pleased. The pitcher was great, the food and atmosphere fantastic, and the service provided by our waitress Kayla couldn't been better. She really took the time to come and check on us whenever she had the chance. I will definitely be returning and will be recommending this place.We haven't had a bad meal yet!  French toast is killer and the falafel burger is a welcome change from black bean veggie burgers. Super friendly and attentive staff and kid-friendly!  It's only a matter of time before they have a wait similar to Honeys.Great ambience, with friendly server. I had the steak and eggs, it was the best brunch I've had in a long time!Great neighborhood spot for brunch.  Everyone's food was amazing and the portion sizes were pretty big.  Servers were friendly and knowledgeable.  And a BYOB spot is always a plus!  Only complaint was the noise level.We have now dined here for bunch & dinner and the food is easily 5 stars!! Seriously everything we put in our mouths was delicious. 
I'm deducting a star for two reasons: Service & Ambiance. The service during brunch was less than stellar. Granted it was packed, but they seemed unprepared or apathetic really. Dinner experience was much better, but we were one of three tables on a Friday night. **Side note: go here for dinner!! We started here with a bottle of wine and then walked one block over to Burgs for a few more drinks. Support the neighborhood - it's getting there!!
Regarding the ambiance: nothing about the decor is inviting. I guess it kind of has that homey feel, but there's nothing different or exciting about it that makes you feel special to be there. Maybe some people would disagree and say that's what actually makes this place special, but I think this could be so much more of a draw with more intentional design on the inside. The lighting was WAYYYY too bright for dinner time. Thankfully they ended up dimming it, but it felt more like a cafeteria until that happened. 
All in all, I am so happy to have this gem in our neighborhood!! I can't wait to go back :)I've been on the hunt for a brunch spot that offers corncakes. Finally came across On Point Bistro's menu, which featured them! Stopped in after some local errands: fellow diner ordered The Clucker (sweet potato waffle, fried chicken, 2 poached eggs, mustard hollandaise), which he greatly enjoyed. The corncakes weren't exactly what I was hoping for, but they were good. Overall, a little on the pricey side, but generally tasty and a nice, relaxed vibe.
PS. On Point Bistro is a BYOB (with mixers for mimosas and bloody Marys) and there were definitely a couple of large parties rolling through.Love this place!  The Lamb burger is amazing and their specials are always great too!  Amazing prices AND BYOB!!Have dined here on several occasions, a couple of times during overnight stays in Philly and once with a group from Lancaster via Amtrak. 
Each and every visit was second to none. The service, ambiance and food selection and presentation have been amazing. It is obvious the chef knows what he is doing. Some of our brunch favorites are The Clucker; Farm Omelet; and Roast Turkey with Mixed Greens. 
Dinner favorites include Grilled Salmon; Steak Frites; and Fish & Chips. 
If near 20th and Federal in Philadelphia--check out this quaint bistro with awesome food!This probably one of my fav. brunch spot in the neighborhood. 
The service and cooking time is perfect.
My fav is The Clucker. Fried chicken waffles with poached eggs.
They also have outdoor seating. I brought my dog here once and they serve her a nice cold iced water. That's a plus!
One small thing that they could add is sound dampening system. It could get a little loud when there are too many people there.Things I'd like to point out were on point at On Point:
1. Service. Super friendly waitress. Very attentive. 
2. The Clucker: sweet potato waffle, fried chicken, 2 poached eggs, mustard hollandaise. One of the best brunches I've had in a while.
3. The fact that its BYOB. (With mixers for mimosas and bloodys).
4. The casual, bright, neighborhoody vibe.
5. Large tables good for big groups. 
Prices were a bit high for brunch but the Clucker was super worth it. Definitely want to try the breakfast nachos next.Great breakfast spot. Food is delicious and the place itself is really clean and comfortable.Found this cute little place a few months ago and love it!
It is great for brunch--if you go on the weekend be prepared to wait--it is THAT good!
I enjoy brunch during the week for an amazing start to my day!
Have been there for dinner service too. The ambiance and wait staff are perfect. Try a special if one is offered--Chef Juan is great at what he does!
A+++Easily gets 5 stars!!!!!! EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!!! Chef Lopez talked to me and my guest for more than 5 minutes about the food we had and what plans are being cemented into this establishment. I/ we really had a great time! No hassle. No rush! 
Food choices: 
1. Philly Cheesesteak Omelet
2. The Clucker
DEFLIPPINLICIOUS!!!!!Great food, BYOB, and service was awesome. Went with a group of friends for Sun Brunch and even though it was a wait It was well worth the wait. We started with the breakfast Nachos which were really good. Each item we ordered was great. No complaints from anyone. This is def a plus on the Brunch list.I really enjoyed brunch here! We were able to make a reservation for 10 people and had no issues being seated. I liked that the restaurant was byob because it helped keep cost down. Our server was very friendly (i'm blanking on his name) but he was very accommodating of our needs. 
I ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelette. It was very good. The steak was cooked and seasoned well and I liked the addition of the onions for more flavor. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Point Breeze.An absolute neighborhood gem!
Brunch was absolutely amazing!!
You must start with the breakfast nachos,  my new favorite food!
We tried the avocado toast with salmon , chicken & waffles, and buttermilk-pancakes were all fabulous. The coffee strong and delicious!
I can not say enough about the service.
I can't wait to come back.4.5 yelps.  Recently checked out this joint.  Its much brighter and more open than that hipster place before it.  It all starts with the servers... really nice and attentive, even though the place is jumping and loud.  My wife order some breakfast- an omelette- that she loved and I got the breakfast burger.  Good new spot to hit up and switch up from our normal brunch stops.This is a review for brunch. Cute neighborhood spot but the food was just ok.  Had the avocado toast which was underwhelming and nachos which were solid at best.My favorite brunch place in the city! Cute, simple decor, and never more than a 15 minute wait on the weekends. I've gotten the breakfast nachos the last 5 times I've eaten there- my absolute favorite dish. It's incredibly fresh, crunchy, and bursting full of flavor. Large enough to share for two people. It comes with chorizo, but I actually like it better without.  Side note, I can't love a brunch place without loving their potatoes, and these are absolutely delicious. In addition, it's great that you can order a single pancake or waffle on the side. It solves the savory vs sweet brunch dilemma that we often find ourselves inMenu is rather restricted but that's the way I prefer it. Both, food and service, are top notch. The lamb burger is one of the best I have tried in Philly.The huevos rancheros here are legit, definitely a must try.  Laid back brunch spot that is kid friendly with a kids menu.  The boys didn't love the pancake they ordered though, I guess there are better places in Philly for pancakes.  Service was friendly and there are a few tables outside.Visiting from out of town, this was a very hospitable restaurant. I adore the idea that we being our own liquor and they provide the mixer. The waiter was very nice and sweet. I ordered the breakfast nachos and they did not disappoint! Out of towners or natives...I definitely recommend this place to anyone. They only down side is paring, burg have no control of that and is doesn't take away from the experience!Amazing place and normally I just go on Yelp to complain. Went here for a team lunch, a quick Uber from old city and it was well worth it. BYOB and they don't rush you at all. Wings were the best appetizer and I really liked my clucker, boneless fried chicken, waffles, and eggs. Everything my group got looked great but I think chicken is the best here. Can't wait to come back. Priced good, big portion!Aptly named, On Point is a favorite spot for my partner and I to take our out of town visitors. The service staff is excellent - warm and friendly while also prompt. Seating is usually easy to come by during prime brunch hours, and it's BYOB with a beer shop nearby if you didn't come prepared.
The brunch menu is solid - and you really can't go wrong. My favorites, depending on my appetite for sweet or savory are The Clucker (chix + waffles!) and the Challah French Toast. We've also had the On Point Burger which was incredible, too. Seriously, everything is delicious. It's clear the proprietors took great care and consideration into developing their menu items - and the back of house staff execute the vision really well.
Keep doin' you, On Point, we love ya!I finally got to try this place!
My friend and I came here around 10:30am on a Saturday and were able to get seated right away.  I ordered Build Your Own Omelet with spinach, tomatoes, provolone with a side of sausage.  Very good.  I love how fluffy the omelet was. 
Service was nice but little things were off.  Server took our order but didn't take our menu. No spoon to stir the coffee.  While the server asked me for type of toast, she didn't ask my friend so she just ended up with the same one as me (no big deal since she was fine with it).  Very minor things.  
I would definitely go back and try other options on the menuEnough has probably been said about the chicken and sweet potato waffles...but this was truly a delicious dish- loved every bite. There were 10 of us and everyone enjoyed everything! Service was attentive and I loved the simple, clean decor. 
We were staying within walking distance- big +I love just about everything about On Point (byo, omg corn pancakes, to die for falafel burger, fresh Cobb salads) but this review is for catering. I reached out to Mallory about a week before my fiancé and I were going to host our parents for dinner to meet for the first time. The last thing I wanted to do was add one more stressor to that scenario and Mallory came to the rescue. She put together a phenomenal (and affordable!) menu, had flexibility when we needed to push back the pick up time with an hour notice, and Chef Lopez even walked the (heavy and hot) tray of roast chicken and vegetables to our house since we lived nearby.  That was on Friday. On Sunday, I turned to them again for that to die for falafel burger as a little taste of comfort food after a whirlwind weekend with family and friends.Truly fantastic brunch. Everything on the menu is beautifully presented. The Clucker gets all of the attention, but don't sleep on the french toast or the pancakes either. My favorite might actually be the roasted potatoes. 
The roast turkey sandwich is one of the best turkey sandwiches I've ever had, and their specials are always legit (they did an amazing vichyssoise when we were there last)Omg, thank god this place opened up around the corner from my house. If you live in Point Breeze you should check it out!Where to begin?? We just recently moved to the neighborhood and were looking for somewhere close to grub. On point is literally down the street and man am I happy it is!! We've been here at least 4 times in 2 weeks, it's that good. 
First of all, if you go during happy hour (which we happened to the first time) all apps are half off and the portions are HUGE! We got the cheese board and mussels-both amazing. The cheese board was beautifully prepared and the accompanying sourdough and jams were delightful. The mussels were tender, perfectly salty and there were so many!!! For entrees we've had the Cobb salad (seriously, gigantic and delicious) the gnocchi, the burger and a fish dish though I can't remember the name but ALL of the dishes were amazing!!! The gnocchi was pan seared and buttery, the burger was tender and flavorful and the fish was unreal. We went for brunch as well and got the chicken and waffle (get it, just get it). Tender, crispy, buttery, sweet..deliciousness in every bite. The food here is A++++!
Now the staff and interior-could not be sweeter people and couldn't be a cuter place. The hostess has been amazingly kind and helpful each time we've been in and the place is always clean with a rustic charm. 
Lastly-BYOB!!!! How awesome is that?!! So yes, go to On Point. You surely will not be disappointed.
Update! Went last night for dinner. Amaaaazing! We got a nice big spread of food (there were 5 of us). We got the mussels for an app (that come with grilled sourdough that I could eat for every meal every day, no joke) steak frites, falafel burger, cubano, gnocchi and trout. Every single dish was above and beyond. Prepared perfectly, so much flavor and just an absolute delight. I myself got the falafel burger (but tried everything naturally). Falafel can tend towards the dry side but this was moist on the inside crunchy on the outside with a seeded bun and packed and with flavor!! Seriously considering ordering it for breakfast...once again On Point, fantastic job.Just finished brunch...AMAZING! My friends and I had dinner a few nights ago...AMAZING!!! Thank god On Point Bistro opened in our neighborhood! Check out this great BYOB!Our first encounter with On Point Bistro was through Caviar today. I was skeptical about delivery brunch foods, but they did a really impressive job on the food and the delivery only took like 30 minutes. Everything was warm, fresh and in place. Our order included a Cuban sandwich with fries, bacon egg and cheese sandwich with potatoes, a pancake and a waffle. I personally have an entire half of a breakfast sandwich and some potatoes left for later while my partner devoured the whole Cuban and was very full afterward. 
This order was a bit of a splurge for me especially with the Caviar fees, but I was not disappointed. The whole experience definitely has me wanting to go in and experience the dining in service firsthand.this place was so cute and had really amazing food. My only criticism would be that the selection was definitely for adventurous eaters and not for the average joe. It was small but functional and the staff was great. I would definitely go again, especially because we had a party of 6 and didn't have to wait longer than 10 minutes.Great food.  Great service.  Try the Wings, Gnocchi, and Fish and Chips.  Outstanding!Fantastic establishment! Great service, great food, and great ambiance. Everyone should try these nachos, best in the city hands down!Amaaaaaazing new little spot. Byo which is always a plus. 
I ordered the lamb burger and my husband ordered the fish and chips. The lamb was perfectly cooked with a nice char flavor while still being moist and delicious. The sauce and bun were a fantastic compliment. Also, the french fries were wonderful. So I know at this point it sounds like such a rave review that you probably think I work here. I don't, it's just that good. My husband's fish and chips were probably the best I've had stateside, and I've had a few. Super crispy on the outside and tender and flaky on the inside. Everything was... Well... On point! 
We're waiting on the flour less chocolate cake and will update if necessary but I'm sure it's going to be phenomenal. 
So go! Go now! You'll thank me!After the first bite we were already ready to come back. The food was delicious and obviously cooked by a chef with a passion for food. Excellent service and a great atmosphere, we will definitely be back for brunch!Everything about this place was great. The service, the ambience, the child friendliness, and THE FOOD, wow. The challah French toast was the best I've ever had. And breakfast nachos?!? How have I lived this long without them? Everything we had was top notch.Everyone comes here for brunch, BUT THE DINNER OMG. 
This "brunch" place has my favorite pork buns in the city, my favorite fish and chips in the city, and my second favorite burger in the city (after Rex 1516). Also, never pass on the french onion soup. 
...annnnd they just added a half price burger night on Tuesdays. Game over, I'm in my mind- 30s, this is just what I weigh now, and I accept that.Really everything has already been said. We spoke with Juan Lopez the cook and owner who worked with Steven Starr and Jose Garces. Not bad for training. Food was incredible as was the service. Priced right and BYOB. Busy for only open 6 weeks. Go now before you're shut out!Very short notice for brunch party of 10- they knocked it out of the park! Everything was great! Service, food, vibe! Mallory and everyone else was just great!I had brunch here and everything was excellent. We ordered the farm omelet and the pancakes. The omelet was one of the best I've had. I'll definitely be coming back to try some more of the menu.Great food at a local neighborhood gem. My wife, son, and I went to check out the dinner service and were pleasantly surprised by the great service and great quality food. We ordered the mussels and frites which were delicious. I typically like a clear sauce but the tomato based sauce was very good. We even gave a few bites to our son and he seemed to love it. The waitress recommended the lamb burger and the short rib mac & cheese. Both were delicious! The portions were great and I definitely did not leave hungry. We had been eyeing the bread pudding, but were just way too full! To top it off the BYOB option was great and we brought a nice bottle of beer. Although, we were jealous of the table who brought PBRs. We'll definitely check this place out again and look forward to doing brunch here some time in the future. We love the places on South Street, but not really glad there is a brunch place closer to our house in Point Breeze.Food was great!  Philly cheesesteak omelet and french toast were awesome.  Nice corner spot, easy to find.Fabulous place!  The menu is so appealing and the prices are great.  Our group had the grilled cheese (rich!), falafel burger (healthy!), mussels, cheese plate, salmon and salad.  Everything was delicious.  BYOB is perfect because it keeps the costs down.  Beautiful setting.  This is a new place and I'm sure there will be lines around the block once people discover it.The brick corner building with large windows all round is clean, bright, and welcoming. The coffee is strong and hot and the service is impeccable. We had the avocado toast (out of this world), the chicken and sweet potato waffle, and the huveos rancheros with streak which was flavorful and juicy.  
The avocado toast came with the perfect poached egg , goat cheese, truffle, radish.. yum. Brunch was killer, we will be back for more.We went there a few days ago and loved it. You have to try the short rib mac and cheese it's absolutely amazing. 
My wife had the salmon and I had the chicken, both of which were really good. For apps we tried a bunch of different stuff, one item, the Falafel burger we modified and had it without the bun. Highly recommend you try that if you like falafel.This point breeze gem is a great place for brunch or dinner.  For dinner, the wings are an amazing appetizer, and their Cobb salad is a really nice dish you don't have to feel guilty about eating!  I also love the gnocchi.
For brunch, the clucker on a Sunday morning is a fantastic hangover cure.  Their home fries manage to be memorably delicious, which is a rare treat.This place is absolutely delicious. The clucker is amazing. Atmosphere is very nice as well! Love that they sell pitchers of mixers for BYOB.Solid BYO brunch spot in South Philly with a variety of options.
I came to On Point Bistro with a party of 10 for BYO brunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. The staff was friendly and accommodating to our larger party; in fact, I highly recommend booking here if you have a large party because they had ample capacity to seat us and we didn't feel rushed at all. I ordered the Farm Omelet which had sautéed mushrooms and spinach inside and was drizzled with truffle aioli. Great, attentive service and solid brunch food.This place is a MUST! Very tasty, comfort foods as well as other delicious creations and delightful twists on what you're used to. Servers are always friendly and helpful with suggestions. Definitely try breakfast nachos and Avocado Toast!!I came to Philadelphia for a day with some girlfriends. Before we left to head home, we decided to get a bite at On Point. From the beginning, the energy was warm and inviting. We were immediately greeted and instructed to pick a seat wherever we wanted. We were the second group to arrive. I was impressed with the menu right away. I could tell some real thought went into the menu. We ordered our food and drinks. I got the Cluckster and my friends got the Philly cheesesteak omelet and a Caesar salad. I loved every bite of it. I was especially happy when I saw that the chicken was boneless. Both my friends enjoyed their meals as well. Our server was attentive and friendly from start to finish even when it started to pick up. Oh yeah, the bathroom... I appreciated the EVERYONE bathroom signs so much. Overall, I had wonderful experience at On Point bistro.Went for brunch on Saturday.  The food is spectacular.  I only have four stars because of the service.  I'm sure this can be attributed to working out kinks in a new restaurant, but they have a lot of work to do.  It took forever just to get our orders taken.  The table next to us had to wait even longer.  I ordered coffee and got cream and sugar 10 minutes later when I could finally find a server.  I'm sure that will improve though.  Again, great food and I'll go back.What a great addition to the neighborhood.  Food and prices were "on point" and it is a BYOB so you just don't get much better than that!Simplistic and elegant interior and brick exterior makes this place an enjoyable spot for brunch. 
I got the fried chicken and waffle here. I have to say I really dislike the waffle here. It is a more brown color than usual gold color. It is probably healthier but I was really forcing myself to finish it...
But the service here is more than nice though. The waiting staff here are very  speedy and friendly. Even if you have a dedicated server, other people will still occasionally check on you.I come here all the time with My mom and friend. Awesome food. BYOB!!! Secret hidden gem. Trust me on this guys.Been meaning to try it for awhile and so glad we finally did. We're lucky that it's a block away, but it's worth traveling for. Intimate, pleasantly quiet but it was a Tuesday night. I suspect it might be noisier later in the week. Cute interior, would have liked the lights to be lower. Service was attentive and smooth. I liked that the menu is not crazy long but has appealing choices.  There were four of us and we got mussels--delicious and hearty, fish 'n chips--just right, not too greasy, good quality cod, chips could have been a little softer, maybe more well done, short rib Mac 'n cheese to die for: creamy, cheesy, hot...yum! I'm sad that we couldn't fit dessert. And they have la Colombo coffee.WHY ISN'T A FALAFEL BURGER A STANDARD BRUNCH DISH?  I feel like On Point has reinvented the brunch game for vegetarians...can the falafel burger please catch on? Please?!? Hats off to On Point for crafting the most perfect brunch burger, it couldn't have been more yummy! 
What a cool spot in Point Breeze. I loved the simple, but fun decor and friendly service. Came for brunch and was impressed by the unique items on the menu- and many options for vegetarians/vegans or those who are dairy free! If a falafel burger is not your thing, enjoy the fall special pumpkin pancakes or the Philly cheese steak omelette. Next time, I need to get the sweet potato waffle, which looked delicious.  
A few tips: On Point is BYOB, and they can only split checks 4 ways (so consolidate credit cards if with a group), and parking is available on the street.Everything here is excellent. Spouse and I come here at least once a week, and every time we are blown away.
Favorites:
Farm omelette
Corn Pancakes
Gnocchi
Cheese plate
HALF PRICE BURGER NIGHT ON TUESDAY (falafel burger is OMG amazing)
Spouse LOVES the wings and the clucker. 
Check out On Point!Everything on the menu is ON POINT!
Highly suggest the mac n cheese, potato gnocchi, wings, and lamb burgerI've tried almost everything on the menu and have never had a bad meal. Awesome neighborhood go-to with great food and service. The breakfast nachos are a new favorite!On point is just what it says, on point. This is now the second time I have been here, and both times I left happy. The service is great all the servers are very friendly and attentive. I love that the restaurant is byob and group friendly. Check out the specials they are always deliciousBreakfast nachos were amazing!! The staff was super friendly and quick. Went on a Sunday and didn't have to wait at all. Definitely planning to go back again and again