This place is great! I always get the buffalo chicken cheesesteak with American cheese and it comes out good every time. The employees are always nice as well. Only thing I don't like is the horrible yellow lights they have above the seating area outside! It's like an instant headache!I ordered late at night a cheese steak w/ fried onions and it was really the blandest meat ive tasted in a while. seemed like frozen steak with absolutely no flavor and had a rubbery texture. The order can on time and was correct but i decided not to eat it because it was so bad...Hands down, one of the top 3 cheesesteaks in South Philly. Anyone who tells you that Steak 'Em Up, Philip's or Jim's is better is an idiot.The food is usually good. Unfortunately if you order delivery you have to wait more than two hours to get your food, with a chance of not getting it at all. 
Placed a order via grub-hub last night at 10:59 PM with estimated delivery being between 12:15 AM and 12:25 AM. At 1:30 AM I called them to see if the food would be delivered soon. The man on the phone so they were really backed up with orders and it should be there in a couple minutes. At 2:30 AM I decided just cancel the order with GrubHub. 
I completely understand being busy but waiting three hours for food is unacceptable.
If I ever order from Oregon steaks again I will be sure to drive there and pick up my food. Food is good service is awful but I guess that's what you get when you order from a place that's  open 24 hours and you place the order after 9 PM on a Tuesday.I love this place. I was hesitant since I live right near pats, genos, and my close neighbor, Rosario's; however I was not disappointed. The ppl working were funny, punctual, polite, as well as spunky.I ordered a cheese steak when this place first opened. Very greasy.  Grease soaked through the roll and the bag.  The french fries were good though.My sons & I were coming home from a hockey tournament in North Jersey and we were craving roast pork broccoli rabe and cheesesteaks. No problem, just jump off 95 and Tony Luke's right there! 
Oh, it happened to be Sunday, right after the Phillies game let out. Tony Luke's was mobbed, we did our drive by, not a chance. So, I get on the phone and call my buddy who lives around 9th St., he says Oregon Steaks!! Better sandwiches in the neighborhood!! 
Much to our surprise, these sandwiches were on par with the other tourist attractions. Clean and very friendly service. Tell you what, I won't be standing in line anymore.One of my favorite places to order food late night! They deliver 24/7, can't really ask for more than that. Food is better than average and by far the best food you could get to deliver. 
Try the chicken steak, it's much better than the beef IMOSome of the best chicken steaks ive ever had & omg the italian hoagie with side of fries which are a must. 
Oh & i just found out they are 24/7 & i work overnight needless to say ill be there 4am looking for dinner!!This place is just awesome. Great staff and great food! You can't go wrong with onion rings! (Which btw are THE BEST) I haven't had a bad experience here. My go to spot.These steaks were great!  Got two before boarding our flights out of Philly.  Ate one on the flight when it was still warm.  At the other in Minnesota during our layover and it was great cold!  Good job Oregon!Was in town for a concert at Lincoln Financial.  The traffic out was horrendous we were directed out of our way through South Philly....Thank God for that!  Without that little frustration, we would've never stumbled upon this place!  Open late, nice seating outside...and the food was incredible.  Had a cheesesteak whiz with onions.  Simply great! Along with some cheese fries and a cherry coke...honestly, doesn't get much better than that.  Great place, so happy we ran into it!I was disappointed with the cheesesteak; the meat was quite bland and dry. Besides the cheesesteak, they do have a wide selection of other food items- which I will try in the futureHad the Steak and Broccoli rabe with bacon and sharp provolone! The wife had The chicken pizza Awesome! Got a couple Hoagies for later tonight. Had it delivered to our Semi through Yelp. Service was good and food was Delicious!Philly,PA
I cant believe I forgot to review this place! PROS. : Open Late. Plain steak is okay. This is awesome to find this spot when the other spot down Front & Oregon is closed and you are starving late night!!!!This was the best cheesesteak I've had in awhile. The bread was fresh as well and the cheese fries were on point. I would come back again. I've had cheese steaks from other places and this knocks it out the park compared to them.Delicious food, friendly people. Just what we needed on this hot day. We got the pepper cheesesteak and the spinach steak.Steak and pork really good.  Service excellent.   Brought my cheese fry to table fresh cut potatoes.I've walked or driven by this place countless times, but finally tried it today when we picked up steaks on our walk down to the Phillies game.  We were really impressed by how delicious our traditional, Italian, and chicken steaks were (we got three different kinds). Definitely significantly better than all of the tourist steak places-- snd probation the best cheesesteak I've had in the 15 years I've lived here. I agree that the service is slower than your typical steak place, but it's because they're making each sandwich individually to order.  The care they take in preparation translates into a high quality, totally worth the calorie spurge product. Can't wait to go back!Order chicken fingers and a cheeses teak. First time ordering from this place.
When arriving to the window, I was greeting and served quickly. Unlike most local steak places the counters, tables, and condiments actually look very neat and kept clean.
My order was pretty much correct however, I asked for extra marinara sauce, and didn't get extra. That small stuff frustrates  me. I like speedy service, but not so fast you'll forget something I've requested.
The food was pretty good. 24 hours, great for late night.
Maybe make yourself very clear when you order.
Good for late night food.Was hungry late night and took a shot at ordering a burger. I was really surprised at the quality of the burger and the fact they had gotten my order right with specifications requested. My food showed up hot and tasty . They even had enough courtesy to call me to give me other options since they had ran out of the chips I had wanted. I appreciate customer service like this.Honestly, with today being the Mummers Parade and this place being the new guy in a city of chesesteaks on every corner, a little more love could have been added. The meat had good flavor and was tender but was cold and undercooked. The sandwich in all was very skimpy compared to the other cheese steaks in town.  I think more attention needs to be put towards quality of the final product of the sandwich...and maybe smile at ur new customers!Awesome!
I live in the neighborhood and have wanted to try this place for awhile. Last night I had the munchies and Oregon Steaks hit the spot for me. They filled up my cheesesteak with plenty of meat, whiz, and onions. They were also extremely warm and polite. They even spotted me a quarter when I was a quarter short of change!
The only negative thing about this place is the parking. It's immediately after a stoplight, so the driver behind me wasn't prepared when I stopped to pull in - almost got into an accident. Anyway, I hope this place succeeds!Went to 4 different steak places and this one was by far the chewiest flavorless bread and the steak was like jerky. We shared an old fashioned with provolone, a whiz with onions and a steak with provolone and onions. We added all the fixins and still couldn't make it right. The people were really nice and the establishment was clean.Nothing crazy. Decent place to satisfy a regular cheese steak fix, but if you're looking for an A1 cheesesteak then I'd try a different place. If this is the only place around you and you need a cheesesteak, then this will suffice.Time for my favorite cheese steak! Extra mushroom with America cheese OMG is the bomb. They are very fast & friendly folks. Always extra staff on weekends (they get pretty busy) always very fresh freshly made  food!Oregon Steaks?  Thought they were supposed to be good.  Not much bigger than a regular size pen.  I had Steak'um better.  I've had better off of center city carts. Definitely WILL NOT be going back. Horrible taste.  We called to complain and the girl who answered the phone attitude was as bad as the steaks we ordered.Tonight we decided to order some food from a different place and ordered from Oregon Steaks. HUGE MISTAKE. Both the cheese steak and meatball sandwich were HORRIBLE. Not to mention, we trashed the food. Not sure how these people get 4 stars. Maybe it's their employees writing reviews or folks who don't know anything about good food. Don't waste your money.Still not impressed. The slabs are virtually tasteless. Onions are cooked, but aren't caramelized at all, and add no substantial flavor. Whiz comes in and saves the sandwich from being downright bad. 
I had a sample of the 24hr steak shop's offering at the cheesesteak festival and thought it was unimpressive then as well. 
There are too many really wonderful steak shops in the surrounding (10 block) area to waste any time here.It's alright for a late night bite but for the price the cheese steaks are too d@*m small. Tastes like if not worst than all the other steak places in the areaWe picked up cheesesteaks from this place and they were so tasty.  Not greasy.   Service was quick and we were able to park on the corner.  We will definitely be back to try other menu itemsDelivery was prompt and food was hot. Broccoli was super salty, over seasoned for me. I enjoyed my original cheesesteak, meat was tasty, peppers were sweet and just a tad hot.This is the best Cheese Steak I've tasted in Philly and I've been visiting for years! Yes, there's the typical tourist traps like Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, Tony Luke's, Steve's etc but these guys are outstanding! 
They're in South Philly near the sports complexes and close to the venue and my hotel and they also deliver if needed. They're at the corner of Oregon & 10th ave. I went up to the window and ordered my "One Wiz Wit" and proceeded inside to sit down. 
Now mind you, I showed up in a Jim's Steaks (competitor) t-shirt that I've had for years and just happened to be wearing it today. I meant no disrespect to these guys at all. but nobody said a word about it anyway. 
Got my steak and jumped in head first! The place is super clean and refreshingly new as they've only been at it for about 3 years. The combination of meat, cheese, onion & fresh bread was the best in all of Philly! 
So, back to the competitors t-shirt....Little did I know, seated right next to me, playing a game of cards with his pal, in true South Philly style, was the owner Mark who heard me say, "I'll change my shirt right now if they have one for sale!"  Thats how impressed i was with the food. 
After we met and shook hands, he offered to go get a few shirts at his nearby office for myself and my friend. By the time our meal was over, a nice gentlemen had gone and brought back two shirts for us at no charge!!!
I'll definitely be coming back to "Oregon Steaks again and again when I'm on tour in Philly and I highly recommend them to anyone visiting as well.What a way to run a business.  Have some rude jerk at the window. Yelling. Throwing food at people.  Huge mistake.  Someone needs to shut this place down.One of the Best Cheesesteaks in Philly. You can order it chopped or whole. I get Wiz Wit chopped all the time.Always passed over Oregon steaks because they didn't have a 5 star average. One night me and my girlfriend ordered only because it was the only place open. Now it's the only place in South Philly we order from. I've tried The cheesesteaks, chicken cutlet sandwich's, gravy fries with provolone, the Florida style inside out. How this place doesn't average 5 starts is beyond me. The food is very fairly priced. Take a chance and thank me later.I had been to the usual rude-tourist trap cheesesteak places in Philly, but a friend form PA told me to go to Oregon for a "real philly cheesesteak." It was an awesome experience. My girlfriend and I were a little skeptical about ordering cheese wiz on ours but we did and it was wonderful. It was a euphoric experience, and we'll definitely be back soon.  The people who work there are kind and welcoming It was one of the best experiences I've had eating out.beautiful sandwiches. I had the Philly steak with wiz and onions. Capitol. 
FYI: I live in Seattle, so this cheese steak was exceptional for my standards.Odd set up when u go there to order.  One window is sandwiches and another is fries and drinks.   U order at separate windows and pay at separate windows.  Why can't they have one window for ordering ALL things and one for picking up an ENTIRE order?  To make matters worse the signage explaining their parochial school style of lines and ordering rules is NOT visible.  The staff is not helpful just annoyed when u try to order a drink in the sandwich line.  Steaks are fair...chicken steak meat taste very cheap however the rolls are good. If u went to catholic school, its worth the trip, for the giggles u will get, from feeling like ur back in third grade and ur homeroom nun is so angry that ur in the wrong line for the MAY procession!These guys literally have the fastest delivery I've ever experienced. And their steaks hit the spot. Love it.I've had a steak from almost anywhere and everywhere here... Genos pats tony Luke's Jim's Phillips etc ... I've been a Jim's fan from day one. But this is definitely my new favorite. The cheese fries are awesome too (I'm pretty picky) .... Within walking distance right now.. Sad I'll be moving no more late night walks for the best cheesesteakI only go when I've had too much to drink and I don't know any better.Steak is dry, fries are bland never seasoned. Chicken fingers are overcooked, very tough. Chicken cheese steak wasn't bad though.Try it! It's totally worth it. You are getting the same if not better quality cheese steak minus the hectic environment. This place is super clean and the staff is very nice. I've had the other "famous" cheesesteaks in Philly. My suggestion is if you have to pass by Oregon to get to your final cheesesteak destination just go to Oregon! You will be totally satisfied because it's totally delicious.We ordered one steak, chicken fingers, & French fries over an hour and a half ago. We are still waiting. When we called to check on our order we were cut off, told all deliveries are out, & then promptly hung up on.
We will never order from here again. Which is disappointing bc they advertise for late night meals. What a waste of time and money.
**after waiting over 2 hours we called grub hub to cancel our order and were told that the man customer service spoke to said he couldn't give an estimate to how long it'd be and hung up on her as well--don't waste your time here**Below average cheese steak.  Light on the meat and not much flavor.  So many better spots in the area, I wont be back.So I was Ubering in Philadelphia and decided to eat at Oregon Steaks. I thought with a building that size they got to be good. So I walk up to the window to order a cheesesteak and french fries and was taken back when they said you have to order the French fries at the other window. So this business has two windows one for cheesesteaks and one for french fries and other stuff, seems stupid to me! Why not order everything in one window, why make me pay two separate transactions? Anyway while they were making my food I asked to you use the rest room. So they opened up the door and let me in and as soon as I walked in the bathroom which was right there, the bathroom was a mess but what really what's disgusting was all the flies in the air. I mean it was a cloud of flies,  I've never seen so many flies in one place in my life. Now this bathroom was in their kitchen so I can imagine the flies on top of of anything that's food. Nevertheless I blocked it out my mind and went to pick up my cheese steak and fries.I thought it was kind of pricey.Almost $14 with a soda! I thought to myself man this got to be good, wrong! So I requested  a side of barbeque sauce which of course they charged me for as if my food wasn't already expensive enough. Whatever I sat down in their tables that they have in front of the business to enjoy my cheesesteak. Opened up the sandwich and couldn't believe my eyes. These people are robbing their customers by putting only half the meet! I mean I rather you charge me $20 but the cheesesteak be packed with meat than you charge me almost 10 which is expensive anyway and then give me more bread than meat. I mean what are these people thinking? I was going to complain to them but I thought I'd give them exactly what they deserve, a big thumbs down and my honest review on yelp!The only bright side was the fries were good. Pretty messed up when your fries outshine your cheesesteak! People don't get fooled by this big white building that makes you think they're the king of cheesesteaks. I'm from South Jersey and our bodegas aka( corner stores often in urban areas)  sell better cheesesteaks then this place!Never again in my life will I stop at this place unless I need a napkin!Ordered with these guys through uber eats. Got a wiz wit and cheese fries. Food showed up early, was piping hot, and absolutely delicious. Will definitely order from them again.This is for delivery only.
Not sure how this place has decent reviews, unless their D squad cooks were working that fateful day I decided to order from here. My boyfriend and I were hungover and wanted greasy food ASAP, and this place was nearby. I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak and he got a chicken cutlet hoagie. It took about an hour and twenty minutes for it to arrive, so at that point we were on the verge of death and would have eaten a shoe if need be. 
Should have gone with the shoe. My cheesesteak was dry with barely any meat and didn't taste "buffalo" at all. More like a mixture of BBQ sauce and ketchup. The meat was crumbly and almost looked minced. Boyfriend had loaded up his hoagie with the works and still said it tasted like nothing. If your food isn't good to two ravenous hungover people with low food standards, something is wrong bruh.They always forget the sauce for the chicken fingers.  Nothing like some dry breaded chicken without any sauce to help it out a littleEverybody talked about Pat's & Geno's..Oregon Steaks is a gem in my book. I ordered a pepper cheese steak (hot & sweet) with mushroom & whiz..YUMMILICIOUS!! The meat was not bland, a lot of flavor & bread was on point..what more can you ask for? They serve more than just cheese steaks & they're open late! Will def be back for sure.I've never had a bad meal from here. The cheesesteaks are out of this world good. This is a much better option over going to cheesesteak Vegas to the tourist traps. Good fries, burger, hot dogs and subs. This is my go to and where I take visiting friends and family. No one is ever disappointed.Tried out Oregon steaks for a new cheesesteak place. I had a chicken sandwich and my friend had a cheesesteak hoagie. The cheesesteak is not chopped up similar to Geno's. It was okay the chicken sandwich was a little too salty. 
This place has a more local feel than some of the other more well known cheesesteak places in the area. They have a nice outdoor seating area and parking is not bad. I prefer john's or tony Luke's but this place wasn't bad either.Excellent philly steak! The bread is so fresh, the meat is high quality & French fries are cooked perfectly! I traditionally go to Pat's, but decided to try something new, and I'm glad I did! Their steak makes Pat's tastes like McDonald's in comparison. It was non greasy and very tasty, I would guess it's top round, that are nice big thin slices.  I would highly recommend! Also it's open 24 hours, takes credit cards, and located in a safe area.i had a fucking FANTASTIC whiz wit here on monday night. as good as anything else i've had in philly. welcomed addition.This is the worst cheese-steak I've had.  I frequently hit up a 'papi shop' in North Philly for a $3.50 cheese-steak when I'm at work and the overall end-product is simply better.  I passed up on my favorite spot, Cosmi's Deli to try this place out tonight.  I made a terrible miss-STEAK.  I'm sorry, I really couldn't help myself there, I'll understand if you hate me.  I got a basic cheese-steak and onions with provolone and I found the meat to be a quality cut of beef (I think it was rib-eye) that had been terribly over-cooked to the point of tasteless chew.  It wasn't properly seasoned - I think the guy's line cooks are prepping the steaks for whiz and American cheese (which has a lot of salt in it), so if you get it with provolone, it is really bland.  The bread was the chewier non-seeded type that had a little sour to it - it might even be sourdough - no complaints about that.  I would have given the place three stars as an average not good cheese-steak mill but...
There was a goddamn strand of steel wool in the middle of the steak.
So... I called the guy back and told him.  He said come back and we'll comp the sandwich - I told him no thanks, I'm too far away for that to really be worth my while.  
So at least they do the right thing when they fuck up (+1 star).I see some of the ratings below and I don't understand how this place is getting some low ratings? Apparently these people must not be originally from south Philly or just don't know what a cheesesteak is. This place is by far one of the best cheesesteak places this city's had in a long time. I'm from south Philly born and raised of 36 years, and this sandwich is incredible. The workers are very friendly and will hold a conversation with you. This place to me is awesome.Ehh. It was average in my opinion.  The fried jalapeño poppers are pretty good.  I got a steak with whiz and hot peppers.  The meat seemed a bit lacking in flavor but with everything else on it, it tasted pretty good.I hardly EVER write reviews (and I'm a little late this go-around), but I just had to pass this along because it was too good. Delivery was quick, and they truly went above and beyond. And have a sense of humor. Very pleased. #respect (see pic for reference)I had a chicken cheese steak hoagie and also ordered a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. I hadn't been to Philly in a while and was really craving some yummy food! I wasn't disappointed.I'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to yelp reviews but this was one of the worst cheesesteaks I've ever had. The cheese fries were pretty good but the steak was terrible.First off I would like to say the food is good. But I've specifically asked for the delivery driver to call before he gets here. Considering I have a father who just had open heart surgery and can frighten easily at 1am and also a dog who will try protect his house from unfamiliar people causing more of a ruckus. I wish the man would have read the instructions that were clearly printed on the paper! As far as that goes I'm happy with the quality of the food, but very annoyed and worried about ordering again from a place that cannot follow simple directions! I understand a mistake is a mistake, but don't have the special instruction box if you aren't going to follow the instructions.Thought I go here to see what people's hub bub is about this place, and it was an okay experience. Went here to order a chicken cheesteak and fries for dinner since I was starving. The staff was friendly enough, but the place seemed highly unorganized. The staff seemed to be confused who gets what order and were not sure what goes on to what sandwich. When I got my steak sandwich, it was decent for what I got. I might come back here if I need some late night food after an evening of drinking.Ordered chicken finger platter on grubhub never ordered their chicken fingers before wasn't sure what to expect but I was beyond happy when I got there nice size chicken cutlets !!!! Sooooo good great fries nice friendly staff and drivers wish I took a pic but I ate it too fast BEST DELIVERY IN TOWN GUY!!!! As one person it's hard to order a normal amount of food with these 10&15$ delivery minimums but this places delivery minimum is only 5$ !!!!! So as a single Mom i appreciate this very muchI was excited to have a real Philly steak & the fact this place is open 24/7.
However, the bread didn't feel fresh. It was hard to chew. The size & portion was good but, was missing good taste & freshness!I have a deep love for cheesesteaks and consider myself an aficionado on this Philly staple, so when I tried Oregon Steaks for the first time, I was underwhelmed.
To start, with nobody else in line at 9pm, it took about 15 minutes to give me one "wiz wit" and an order of cheese fries. I also had to remind the employee of my fry order.
The sandwich itself lacked meat and had a dry, chewy texture. It felt more like a bread sandwich. Basically it did nothing to distinguish itself from its competitors.
I would be willing to give Oregon Steaks another shot, but I'm moving out of state soon and would rather have my final cheesesteak at the best place - - John's Roast Pork.This place is a couple blocks from me, and I finally tried it today.  This property used to house a steak shop that was dingy and dirty.  I think the property was then sold, and the new owners completely renovated the place to make it  clean, neat and appealing. I was wondering whether the cheese steaks were any good, and I got my answer today. 
I ordered a cheese steak with American cheese and fried onions.  I got a sandwich that was stuffed full of meat.  There was no skimping.  And the meat was tasty, much better than Geno's or Pats.  I need to try some of their other offerings, but I can recommend the cheese steak; it was good.Love this place, me and my fiancée eat here all the time and my daughter loves the cheese fries. But, instead of my usual chicken cheese steak, I wanted to try something new and ordered a meatball sub a couple days a go and loved it with all its messiness. This time I wanted to try it with bacon added. Because Its bacon.... Dreamy right??. But this time I received my sandwich with little to non marinara sauce. Damn shame I know they have good food this is to just let them know that whoever worked this night needs a little more attention on quality control.I've never been to the location but have ordered delivery on GrubHub many, many times. The steaks (chicken and beef) were delicious and came quickly. I also really liked the fried ravioli. I recently had a problem with an order taking a long time (GrubHub's fault). I don't usually do reviews but wanted to call out great customer service. Once Steve from Oregon Steaks found out about my problem he texted me personally to apologize and thank me for ordering from them.I came to Oregon Steaks with my boyfriend just a few nights ago. We were hungry and cranky because we had moving all day. It was late and we didn't want to waste any time finding a good sit-down place to eat. We figured, how bad could it be, right? The answer: awful. The fried ravioli (which are a total guilty pleasure of mine, and I definitely recommend trying them--just not here) made me so sick to my stomach I could barely finish 3 of them and his steak was, as he said, like "dog food vomit." The lady taking orders at the steak window was very sweet, but the guy working at the sides window was a total prick. The place was also teeming with the scum of South Philly and everyone that sat down next to me was blowing smoke on me and my food. While I expect this from the tourist traps that are Pat's & Geno's, I don't want it happening at a place that is so much less crowded and has so much more seating. Smoking a cig at another table wouldn't have been difficult. There were plenty to choose from.I'm tired of this place being left out out of all the "best cheesesteak" discussions. Oregon's Steak's and Phil's are the two most overlooked joints in the city. They are as good as anyone and definitely better than Pat's/Geno's/Jim's/John's, etc. They understand that the meat should be chopped lightly but NEVER shredded, and they understand that long hots are a necessary ingredient and must be available.Made a quick stop here on our way to Wildwood, NJ. Service was quick and the staff was super friendly! Can't say enough about the chicken cheesesteak- loved it!So bad. So so bad. The meat was flavorless, the roll was small and chewy, and the cheese? How on earth do you serve philly cheesesteaks with "whiz" and not use real cheese whiz? For those who are thinking of trying here as their first experience with an authentic philly cheesesteak, either don't...or know that this is not a true philly cheesesteak. I mean, really? For over $9 you can't even use real whiz? Ew. Do yourself a favor and go to Dalessandro's...it's worth the drive.Not good. Not good at all! Had a chicken cutlet that was thin dry and fried to death. Totally devoid of  flavorWhile I would never use delivery if I was in a hurry because of one experience, I must confess I was shocked at how clean it was and they get you an out of there fairly quickly and the cheesesteaks really are pretty goodBest cheese steaks in S. Philly. This was my second time here and not disappointed! Had whiz wit, delicious rolls and quality meat. They have tables both inside and outside, which is great option on busier nights. Definitely will be back.Fire the fucking Asshole that was taking orders on 08/02/18 at 5:20 pm . Unpleasant little fuck ,u guys should hire people that wants to work not fucking kids on vacation that needs money their fucking phone billsOrdered cheese steaks and chicken Italians on our way to the birds game.  Great sandwiches...much better than that overrated spot down a few blocks on Oregon Ave. Great location, no crowds and a quick ride to stadiums.My husband and I were recently in philly for a business meeting and decided we needed to try an authentic philly cheese steak . Looked up a few places with good reviews and decided on Oregon Steak. Best cheese steak I have ever had. Staff was very friendly and very clean.  Two thumbs up!I moved into the area today. I've ordered from this place twice; in both cases, I got the exact same thing. Both sandwiches were equally excellent.Ordered a cheesesteak with American. The sandwich was a little overcooked but good. Also ordered cheese fries and when I got home with my food I found there was no cheese and my fries were really undercooked so I went to put them in my oven and I found literally a drop of cheese at the bottom. I thought that was super weird and annoying. The staff was friendly when they took my order and the food was ready pretty quickly.