WOW the eggs Benedict with fried chicken was absolutely incredible. The staff was so welcoming and accommodating to our children (who were in a difficult state). The interior is small but bright and clean. Great addition to the neighborhood I can't wait to try more delicious food!Cute, little spot with friendly and warm staff. We went to brunch at 10:30 on a Sunday and were able to get our group of three in right away. Service was quick and the food was tasty. I wish there were a few more savory breakfast (non-sandwich) options, but otherwise not a bad way to start a morning.So excited to have a new breakfast joint in fishtown. Great menu! Great staff! Love!!Had to check out this new spot in Fishtown this morning. What a great place! We brought some of our own beer because it is a BYO. We also lucked out with a place to sit almost immediately, but it was quite busy. Their "dinosaur egg" was excellent (egg inside an avocado wrapped in bacon). We also ordered their burger, which was outstanding. At one point Angelica, the general manager/owner, stopped by to chat with us for a few minutes even if she was super busy. We had a great experience and highly recommend checking the place out. We'll definitely be going back soon. A perfect addition to Fishtown, well done!Fresh breakfast spot. Great service and very tasty food. Rotating doughnuts on weekends from hello doughnuts too! We got the dinosaur egg, crab sammy, and the eggs Benedict with chicken. Make sure you get the chicken on the Benedict, it was to die for. And the hash browns were perfect. We also started with the monkey bread. Make sure to get there early, it will get crowded quickly!Food was great (perfect portion size, solid flavors). Service lacking (no intro/welcome, weren't offered drinks, I finally ordered tea but never got it until I asked another server, asked a question about a salad but wasnt given answer and had to ask again, they take champagne to store rather than have ice bags for table). Additionally, menu notes only 2 bottles of champagne per table (no differentiation if there are two patrons versus six, etc) and note a corkage fee of $15 unless you spend minimum of $15 per person (which thankfully is hard to do because prices very reasonable). I understand the need to turn tables, but there has to be a less invasive way to make this happen.Went last minute with a huge group of friends for brunch for the fiance's birthday. Turns out it was their opening weekend which you would think is chaotic but we had a great time. Not only was the food delicious - try the dino egg for sure, but everything is worth a taste - but the service was phenomenal. Angelica (manager) was so accommodating and welcoming, and the staff was great!  Seriously one of the most enjoyable group brunch experiences I've had in a while. Highly recommend Over Easy, cannot say enough good things and cannot wait to go back!Great new neighborhood spot! I've been there twice now and the food is awesome. Had the chicken sandwich and the lox, both are worth going back for. Also some of the best home fries. The decor is super cute. The only downside is this isn't somewhere you can grab a quick breakfast, since the kitchen is small, so be ready to wait. But def worth checking out, highly recommend!Tried this place for the first time today, space is cute and inviting. The service was great, Daniel was our waiter and he gave recommendations and made us feel right at home. We had the French toast, OMG probably the best thing I've ever eaten. Go there, order it now, you're welcome. Great new neighborhood spot can't wait to go back!!Great find! Perfect eggs Benedict with fried chicken and Salmon BLT served with some of the best home fries with onions that I have ever had. Definitely recommend!!To start off, this place does have really delicious food, and I see a ton of potential here, but my experience there was a bit rocky. After being seated and getting our coffee, I asked the waiter if I could please have fruit on the side instead of potatoes. That was denied, which would have been fine if they didn't have fruit, but they did. The have a fruit and yogurt item. The guy told me that the only way I could get fruit is if I ordered that. I said, "can't you just charge me a little extra and put fruit on the side instead of potatoes?" and he said no. The menu items were poorly described, which lead to a less than desirable breakfast meal. That being said, my boyfriend loved his meal, and the staff were quick to fix the problem with mine. 
I'm still a little irritated about the fruit thing, and I hope they can start offering that as a side. It's healthier, and when I'm already getting a greasy meal, I at least want something refreshing instead of savory. Even still, the food is really good, and the staff were pretty nice.This place is incredible! A must go! I overheard the owner share her story of her ideas to open this place up, and it's so good! Basically she is from Napa Valley, CA and was nervous about moving to Philly (I can resonate). They decided to open up this place and made it into a old modern vibe, great fit for Fishtown. Feels so fresh and clean when you are inside. Large area in the back to fit more people and bar in the front. Get the Dino!I was impressed how clean and simple this place is . The interior is inviting and relaxing 
I tried the dinosaur Egg - it was simple but delicious.my so had scrambled eggs and home fries . Those were some of the best home fries I've ever tried . Coffee is delicious- I ordered cappuccino . 
The only slight minus is the size of the cups - my cappuccino was way small comparisons to any other cafes in the area : that was disappointing . 
Staff is friendly and helpful! 
I recommend it to a couple or small group outing . Not too fitting for groups bigger then 4Food was ok, however, service could use some improvement. My friend and I placed our orders at the same time, but only my order was prepared and brought to the table. When we notified our waiter there was no sense of urgency in correcting this mistake. It didn't help that we were seated in a high traffic area.I was expecting something amazing after all the hype and was sadly let down. The interior is very stylish and inviting. The food was ok, not great for the overpriced items. The worst part of our experience was the waitress. I wish I could remember her name because it was the worst service I have ever seen. She offered more coffee and forgot to get that, luckily another waitress was on top of it. Took our order after taking another tables order who came after us. Forgot which hot sauce my husband requested. Didn't ask us how our food was and then asked if we ever got our food which we had already eaten and had our plates cleared. How is a server that aloof??Then forgot which credit card was ours after having it for a good 5-10 min. I really want this place to succeed but service is a very important part of an experience at a restaurant and they definitely need to rethink their servers- or at least that particular one.Food was okay. Service is pretty good. Our server was pretty nice but the food isn't phenomenal. Got the dinosaur egg and a beet salad. For a beet salad I would expect more beets but other than that it's was an okay salad. The dinosaur egg is basically an expensive avocado toast with an egg and bacon that cost twice as much. Also had a side of hash was not worth the money. Skip it.Expect to spend $20-$35/person for breakfast.  
Friendly staff - nice and clean inside - like the painted brick and wood finishes.  
Food is good - not great.  Small portions - had the dinosaur egg and eggs Benedict.  home fries are just potatoes with no onions or peppers - plain.  I saw a picture where there were onions - I did not get any or the option to add.  Still hungry
Menu selection is nice but I would expect larger portions or higher quality flavor for those pricesWe went here for Sunday brunch and enjoyed the vibe! The main eating space is very bright and cheery, in spite of the tight quarters. The menu was small, but with a lot of variety in the options. We all got something different in our group of 5 was happy with our choices. The bathroom was cool and service was very friendly. I would recommend!We finally made it to OEBC this past Friday. This place has been on our radar for a while now. First let me say the restaurant itself while small, is beautiful and clean! The chefs even greeted us as we walked in. We were seated by the server/hostess immediately in the rear of the restaurant.
We started with the monkey bread. It was amazing! It was like desert before our meal and at $6 it was a steal! I highly recommend. My wife went with the 2 egg special. Their prices are a bit higher than your typical diner but, they are using high quality eggs, coffee and breads. The eggs were perfect! The bacon again cooked to perfection!  The side salad was a great touch but a bit overdressed for my wife's liking. Breakfast meats were also an up charge. I went with the dinosaur egg. It's their signature dish. It's a poached egg inside of an avocado, wrapped in bacon. Very cool concept! Overall it was good but I was a bit let down. The ratio was off to me. I wanted more egg, I found myself eating just chunks of avocado. At $16 it's a bit steep and probably overpriced but again, where else can you get it? Nowhere! At $16 it should come with a side of potatoes or fruit. The rye toast that accompanied was very good. Our server was very good. He was very polite and just a friendly guy. As it got busier though the service lacked. He was the only server on. 
Overall though we had a good meal and we will return. Their hours stink! They are only open 3 days a week, hopefully that changes. Solid 3-4 stars.I was very excited to try this restaurant. I waited for a seat for about 20min...not bad for Sunday brunch and I was still excited. Service was slow and unfriendly right from the start. I was disappointed that the cook or chef wouldn't substitute lox for ham, to make a salmon or lox benedict...in my experience that isn't an unusual or complicated request. They definitely had lox, just refused my request. I was more than willing to pay a up-charge. My $5 ice coffee was watery and looked like iced tea. While the place is cute, it's not the warm, inviting welcoming neighborhood place I hoped...The staff acted like they were doing me a favor instead of appreciating new business...too bad.Came across this place while walking through the neighborhood and knew I had to come back. Breakfast was delicious and we sat at the bar counter and saw how everything was prepared! I had the dinosaur egg and my boyfriend had the French toast; both were amazing! We also got a side of fries which come with a great dill aioli. 
The restaurant is super cozy and quaint. 
The service was great and prompt.
They also have oat milk 
We highly recommendPainfully mediocre. They ran out of syrup and eggs. Dry pancakes are weird. The setting is very white. Over not the worst for a new spotWhat follows is my first ever Yelp review. 
Let's start with the forks: misshaped to the point of near non-utility. I could barely get the coffee cake -- which was too sweet, not dense enough, and didn't have the right crumb size -- from plate to mouth. You're trying to hard on this, Over Easy; just go to Ikea. 
As for the space, it was cool looking, but way too hot, and there were flies everywhere, and I'm not sure why, because all the windows were shut. 
Now, the service. I'm not sure who our server actually was, because all three waitresses on staff stopped by our table (albeit sparingly). They were nice enough. But the food took forever, at least 45 minutes, and nobody even acknowledged that reality, let alone apologized for it. 
Moving onto the Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich. I thought my Jewish grandmother overcooked chicken until this cinderblock on a seeded brioche bun came to my table. I straight up couldn't bite into it. (The attached photo shows my efforts.)
The Egg Sandwich was, like, fine, I guess, but it had a weird sweetness to it that didn't really do it for me. And the bacon we added to the sandwich for an extra $2.50 was flavorless. HOW DO YOU TAKE THE FLAVOR OUT OF BACON?! We asked for hot sauce to help. They brought us a nearly empty bottle of Chalula, which, when we asked for another one, they replaced with a only slightly less nearly empty bottle of Chalula (see attached photos).
I'll give credit where credit is due: the breakfast burrito was good, even very good, but I think that's in large part due to its incorporation of meats from Primal, the excellent butcher shop in East Passyunk. 
On the whole, this place fuckin sucks. Don't go.Oh boy am I glad I made this discovery! I don't often venture to fishtown from West Philly but this brunch is worth the trek (especially since there's plenty of street parking nearby)! 
I went with a group of friends and enjoyed sharing the sweet breads and then had the Dino egg. Oh wow. Quite delicious. A poached egg inside an avocado wrapped in the crispiest bacon. One of the most creative brunches I've had in a long time! It's really a culinary feat, I'm not even sure how they do it but I'm going to choose to just enjoy and not question it. I will definitely be back!Service and food were great. Reasonable prices for the area. The monkey bread was delicious, we couldn't stop eating it.Waited more than an hour for our food and our waitress kept forgetting things. If you can't handle running a small place on a Saturday morning, don't open a breakfast place.First time visit and we definitely will be back!   On Saturday and Sundays they have fresh doughnuts and we split a apple spice one...amazing.  I had scrambled eggs with salad.  The scrambled eggs were spot on...fluffy and not over cooked.   The salad consisted of greens, onions and carrots and the best dressing! Husband had over easy eggs with home fries.   He said both were perfect.   The home fries had onions and were cooked with that perfect crispness! We also shared some pancakes and man those were tasty.  We definitely over ordered food!  Previous comments said they were small portions, they are not!  We also had cappuccinos...very nicely made.   Overall a great place and worth the visit.I was so excited to try this place but it took 40 minutes to get a glass of OJ, 30 minutes for a cinnamon bun that was literally sitting on the counter, and we waited for our food for over an hour before we gave up and left. Interestingly enough, another couple had sat down literally three minutes before us, got their food, ate, and left before I had even got a glass of juice. At one point our waitress came up and asked us if we had eaten yet or if we were still waiting for food; this rubbed me as very inattentive. Honestly I would have been fine with waiting if the staff wasn't so rude. When my boyfriend went inside to try to pay the chef snapped at him and said "don't get pissy with me". Absolutely appalling, not what we expected at 1pm on a Saturday (so it's not even peak brunch time). Very disappointing.Very nice place. I recommend dinosaur egg. Our server Daniel was very kind and helpful.BF and I went yesterday for brunch.  The space is cute.  We came specifically for the Dino egg, and as we were waiting for our waitress to come take our order (which took a while), someone announced they were out of Dino Eggs.  Bummer.  When our waitress finally came to take our order, she announced they were also out of Monkey Bread.  BF, who really wanted the Dino Egg, ordered 2 eggs with bacon.  I got the Benedict.  As the waitress walked away, the kitchen yelled out that they were also out of biscuits.  It was about 11:45, so for a place that's open until 3, not a great sign.  It took a while to get our food, and once the 2 eggs came out, they came without bacon.  We had to ask the waitress about it.  The Benedict was just ok.  The muffin was tough, almost like it wasn't fresh.  Otherwise, nothing really to write home about.  I'm hoping they'll work out some of the kinks, but we won't be rushing back.Lovely and bright space with beautiful plants and a small but tempting brunch menu.
Portion sizes were generous, prices on par with the neighborhood (a few bucks more than diner prices). I love that they are partners with other awesome local businesses like Riverwards, Lost Bread and many others!
My only (small!) criticism is that the strange flat forks seem to have been chosen for appearance rather than function, and are nearly impossible to use effectively  maybe I'm the only one who has this problem.
Overall, this is a great spot worth a try!Cute breakfast place. Little hectic if you go for brunch because it's pretty small, wouldn't recommend for a group bigger than 4. Food is great though and its BYOB which is always clutch for mimosas.Food and service was excellent! The atmosphere, decor is so cute! Great selection on the menu, prices are reasonable. I ordered the eggs Benedict and monkey bread and it did not disappoint. Very fresh and good portion size.This place is great. Best pancakes I've had in a very long time maybe ever. We usually get savory dishes and split something sweet. Everything is good so try it all. A+.Wow, the revamp of this space looks beautiful! You walk in and are greeted by a warm employee with an open kitchen and tons of natural light.
My boyfriend and I sat at the counter and shared some banana bread with walnut honey butter. Delicious! 
The breakfasts here are expertly executed classics with all of the ingredients being sourced from local purveyors. My over medium eggs were cooked perfectly as was my significant other's poached. Home fries were deep fried and super crispy. 
We'll be back.The coffee was great, this is definitely a decent place if you want to grab a good cup. The food was well made and had good flavor but the menu is incredibly small and everything is a bit pricey. The service made me feel weird and often felt pretentious. There are plenty of better brunch spots in the area, go to one of those instead.I went here with my husband today for the first time this morning for breakfast and it was lovely ! I got the chicken and waffles and he got 2eggs toast and breakfast frites. We shared monkey bread as a starter which was amazing. I'm from the south and this is the closet to home/best chicken and waffle dish I have had in Philly so far. 
I have been looking for a good chicken and waffle
Restaurant for awhile. Without a doubt we going back. The waffle wasn't dry; the syrup was real maple and the chicken was well seasoned/fried to perfection. Please try this place!When this place first opened I was a fan of the food (even though it takes forever). The service and quality has really declined recently as business has picked up (and the food still takes forever).Been here twice. Perfect breakfast burrito. Good coffee. The yogurt parfait also great.We had a party of five and we called prior to coming. They were really accommodating. The food came promptly. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was crispy and tender. The waffles were flavorful. The syrup and sweet and spicy. It was great combination. The server was attentive.The decor is cute and the service was excellent.  Taking one star off because we ordered pancakes, and when we got them and cut into them it was clear that they were a little under - the pancake still looked a little dense and wet in the middle rather than fluffy, and tasted doughy.  We flagged the issue for our waiter, who was very apologetic.  He took it back to the kitchen, but then a different person came out and told us that was how they did their pancakes normally, and so did we want our pancakes "well done."
We said yes... weren't really sure how else to respond.  I was a little worried that "well done" pancakes meant crunchy, but no, they came out nice and fluffy just like how pancakes should.  A little strange that she would insist that they like to serve their pancakes undercooked...
But our waiter was so kind and kept checking in on us after the whole pancake situation - really great service.Okay...so it seems I end up here like every other Friday afternoon for brunch, so I need to just go ahead and give this place 5 stars. The decor is super-cute (even though I might just be a sucker for white tile and exposed brick), the service is super-friendly, and the food has yet to disappoint.
So far I've had the dinosaur egg (more than once), the monkey bread (again, more than once), the French toast, the fried chicken eggs benedict (yes, you heard right), and the biscuits and gravy -- all really good!
The only problem I had was that upon my initial visit, my home fries seemed dark and overlooked. Upon my most recent visit, however, this was definitely not the case. In fact, I ate most of my brunch partner's home fries (meaning, they were pretty good).
So now the only problem I have with this place is that -- unlike most brunch spots -- there aren't any refills on coffee and iced tea, so the beverage bill can get a little high if you're not careful.
Oh...and they do run out of some the more popular items (on the weekends) sometimes.
Dinosaur Egg: 4/5
Monkey Bread: 5/5
French Toast: 4/5
Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict: 5/5
Biscuits & Gravy: 5/5
Home Fries: 5/5"OEBC" is a bright, appealing spot in Fishtown, open only on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.  Familiar plates can be a tad overpriced, but overall, the food is prepared hot and fresh.  The kitchen and dining crew are hardworking and amiable, and constantly on the ready for coffee (Rival Brothers!) refills and good dish recommendations.Finally made it to Over Easy yesterday, and I haven't stopped thinking about the French toast since I left. Best French toast I have ever have. The restaurant is bright and decorated really nicely.Service was not great. They are clearly still figuring everything out but the egg sandwich and home fries were delicious. Just had to wait hours to get it.Decided to try this place out. My husband and I waited 30 minutes for a table after we were told 15 minutes, and we were seated at the bar where you can see all the food being made. When we got seated, we ordered our coffee, an appetizer, and our breakfast entrees all at the same time. Our appetizer didn't come until 45 minutes later, and then we waited another hour for our breakfasts, which we never received. At this point the people who got seated near us and after us had all finished, and either left or just gotten their checks. Finally, I just asked the waitress for the check because I didn't see either of what we ordered being made at all. She tried to say that our food would be next, but it was clear our food was completely forgotten about. We left after only receiving our appetizer, and we didn't get any sort of apology or acknowledgement on the staff's end. Due to complete lack of customer service, we will never attempt to dine here again.I give three because the staff was really upbeat and aimed to please. The decor is great and the restaurant has a great urban feel. Meanwhile, the food was not inspiring or delicious. One dish was not edible because the lettuce was gritty. The breakfast sandwich was bland . The potatoes were  also bland. There was not a good use of spice in anything. We did not try the chicken and waffles or the donuts . They looked really good and maybe we should have gone with another dish. They seemed crowded so maybe we just caught them in a bad moment.I had an awful experience with my server. He was weird and disorganized. I could hear the manager yelling at her staff from across the restaurant. TBH the chef was visibly upset and did not want to be there. To make things worse, they were out of half the menu. DO NOT RECOMMEND !!! Go to Soup Kitchen.(to the tune of Foghat's "Slow Ride")
[Two eggs.... Over easy.] x4
Hungry for food,
but it's not quite night.
I need a big breakfast -
Wanna take a bite!
Oh, those eggs... 
Oh [those eggs... Over Easy.] x2
Chow down, Fishtown, got to get here one more time
I'm takin' your bacon, OEBC's got me feeling fine!
WOO!
Y'all - I have a confession. I didn't get a single egg over easy here. But the scrambled eggs I DID have, complete with cheese and bacon in the form of an oh-so-decadent breakfast sandwich really were something special. I'd passed OEBC a few times and scoffed at the line, but having a random Friday off I decided to scope it out. And what I got was the best breakfast I'd enjoyed in a LONG time.
Sizable side salads make for an excellent option if you're gunning for a slightly less-heavy brekki, but the hashbrowns are DELISH if you're gunning for the starches! Maybe ask for a spoon, though, as they're diced real tiny and tough to grab a fork-full. The staff was kind and friendly w/o hovering, the price wasn't OUTRAGEOUS, and the vibe was EXCELLENT. Oh, and the light fixtures in the bathroom - really really cool.
Great way to mix it up, go if you don't mind a line (or happen to get lucky and not see one!)Great breakfast and brunch spot with some outdoor seating (weather permitting). The sausage fritters are a MUST GET for the table for breakfast.Ida Maes it is not.
The dinosaur egg was more novelty than meal. 
I left hungry.
The cook had a sort of meltdown and threw a pan and dropped some f bombs. I know this bc I was sitting at the bar, almost in his lap, trying not to watch.
Nice bathroom though, and good good bread.Finally got in on a Sunday, they close at 3PM not 4PM be warned, we almost missed eating here. Great breads, great food, great service. Small but worth the wait!This is a cozy and charming addition to the neighborhood.   Personable service and an easy going vibe welcomes you to the bustling and bright space.
 The menu feels curated and fresh.  I hate places that try to do everything.  Just do what you do right!Cool spot for a solid breakfast with friendly, attentive service. Wait wasn't too bad considering how busy it was on a Saturday. Dinosaur egg was a neat concept, straightforward menu otherwise. Solid french toast with rich maple syrup. Jams were also homemade.This is my favorite brunch location in philly. Everything is delish. Great staff. The dino egg is the coolest thing. Its a must try.I want to give this place 6 stars for how amazing their food is. I wanted to come in for the dinosaur egg and a donut, both of which they were out of when I went. I was bummed but their menu has so many great choices on it, I got the biscuits and gravy, it was spot on. My partner got the burger and it was so good I almost wept. The potatoes ... perfect and crisp and I highly recommend the dill aioli..... How ever our service was some of the worst service I have ever experienced. Our waiter can be explained briefly as one walking whoopsie doodle. He was awkward and didn't seem to know what he was doing or what was on the menu. The amount of times I saw him put his own finger in his mouth made me pray someone else would bring me my food. Table "service" was slow and it was clear that maybe our server was not industry standard . I hope this place gets it together because the chef deserves wait staff that matches the exceptional quality of the food.I do believe that this spot is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. It's newly renovated offering a menu that pleases large amounts of crowds. I visited when they still didn't open fully so I got to experience it more privately. 
First of all, I have to say that service is really attentive to their customers' needs. I tried the dinosaur eggs which was hands down filling and delicious. I'm usually more for quality over quantity but OEBC happened to change that opinion. I loved the bread on the side which paired extremely well with the egg, avocado and bacon combo. It seems that they have a menu filled with local vendors such as the bread company. I do believe that's not the only one item sourced locally. Always great to support your locals. 
Interiors are full of bright details to make the brunch experience even more special. Oh, don't forget to take that IG worthy picture.And so we finally did it. My wife and I joined the club. 
We used to go here when it was ides of whatever. It was a dark hole in the wall but had a pretty decent and cheap breakfast. We were eager to see what would replace it. Then the replacement came. We saw a dinosaur egg on the menu. We walked down the aisle to the JP theme song so you can imagine how something like that would appeal to people like us. Then we just never got around to it. 
TODAY WE DID. I must say it was awesome. Best part surprisingly was the side potatoes. I love my shit crispy and boy did they do it. Crispy little potatoes with onions. 
I got the lox with the side of wet egg. It was really good. I want to say it was one of the best lox breakfasts I've had. However I said that while I was eating it and my wife said "you say that about everything." So now I'm worried none of you can really trust my reviews anymore. Have I been lying to you all this time? Maybe I just won't become a restaurant critic. 
She got the much anticipated dinosaur egg. We were supposed to share but unfortunately I was only left the scraps. The Dino egg is egg cooked into an avocado with bacon wrapped around it. Once you get into it the meal really just becomes avocado toast with bacon. I read an article about millennials paying $16 for avocado toast and thought "yeah. I'm one of them." 
That's the thing is I don't care. I was poor before and I'm not anymore. So I drive around with the windows down and the AC on. 
The place surprisingly had no wait on a weekend morning. That alone is a huge plus. I suspect most people must not know about it yet. They really fixed it up too. I don't think they actually expanded but it looks bigger. It's way better lit. Def light years above what it was. 
Staff is extremely attentive. Other customers whined to the waiter about being cold but we were fine. 
Anyway bookmark this spot. I suggest going soon before the horde finds out.Went for brunch. Service was extremely slow and disorganized. Cook was yelling with foul language at the waiters. It created a stressful environment. Sad because food was good and waiters were friendly. I would probably not go back.Really enjoy this place. It's deceivingly small but there is a back area where you can sit - never been there but there's a lot more seating than you think. 
Weekend brunch is always busy but I don't think we've ever waiting more than 20 min for a table. The inside is cute and you can see the chef cooking. I've come here before & has the dinosaur egg, (avocado wrapped in bacon) and that was good but this time I wanted something sweet. The French toast was delicious & just what I was looking for. 
Service has always been great and again, food is good!Nice little breakfast place. Checked it out when visiting family. Nice vegetarian options plus it looks like it's BYOB. Had some fresh squeezed orange juice, hot coffee and delicious monkey bread. Nice menu, not too many options and not too few.  Staff was really great and I would definitely visit again.It's 4 p.m. I went for late breakfast at 10 a.m. I can't even think about dinner at the moment. Maybe my metabolism is messed up, but goodness, I just think I'm full! Hefty portions at affordable price. My friend couldn't finish her plate. Nicely made too, even if the potatoes might have benefited from some too-order finishing and peeling.Cute little corner brunch place in suburbs of Fishtown! The area was quiet and weather was so nice for outdoor seating. My friend and I got the chicken&waffle and eggs benedict with fried chicken as a substitute from the ham that comes with it! Def recommend the fried chicken instead. The chicken is crispy! Not the most tender but it was still delicious! Waffle was crispy on the outside as well. Reminded me of the Popeyes chicken. 
They took a while for the food to come out and service was a bit slow bc it was a bit busy but other than that food was delishhh! My friend also enjoyed the americano:)Okay...so it seems I end up here like every other Friday afternoon for brunch, so I need to just go ahead and give this place 5 stars. The decor is super-cute (even though I might just be a sucker for white tile and exposed brick), the service is super-friendly, and the food has yet to disappoint.
So far I've had the dinosaur egg (more than once), the monkey bread (again, more than once), the French toast, the fried chicken eggs benedict (yes, you heard right), and the biscuits and gravy -- all excellent!
The only problem I had was that upon my initial visit, my home fries seemed dark and overlooked. Upon my most recent visit, however, this was definitely not the case. In fact, I ate most of my brunch partner's home fries (meaning, they were pretty good).
So now the only problem I have with this place is that -- unlike most brunch spots -- there aren't any refills on coffee and iced tea, so the beverage bill can get a little high if you're not careful.
Dinosaur Egg: 4/5
Monkey Bread: 5/5
French Toast: 4/5
Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict: 5/5
Biscuits & Gravy: 5/5
Home Fries: 5/5
Sausage Fritters: 5/5
Chicken & Waffles: 5/5I went to OEBC on their official opening and have to say I enjoyed the food and service a lot. Place is cozy and small. Perfect for small groups (no more than 5 people). 
One of the things I enjoyed the most was their creative menu.Before I forget... I bought two cinnamon rolls from OEBC as a post-breakfast snack. Including tax + tip, they came up to $15. 
They were really, really bad. And I don't say this lightly. I wound up throwing them away. 
I've had brunch here and the food was fine, so I'd suggest that they stick to what they know how to do. Making cinnamon rolls is not among those things.Awesome atmosphere and awesome food !! You'll love it here. The hash browns were delicious and I ate way to many but it was worth it !!Just moved into the neighborhood and were looking forward to our first meal in the new house! Decided to order take-out and were quoted 20 min. over the phone when we ordered. Great! We got there 20 min. later and were quoted another 10 min. It happens, we get it, but I think they forgot to even start our order. We paid and hung outside, but didn't receive our food for another 25 min. They were busy and the server did apologize, but we waited for entirely too long. The redemption and reason for 4 stars here is that the food was INCREDIBLE. I mean, how can you really spruce up a breakfast sandwich? OEBC done did it. Wow. The tomato bacon jam is the perfect mix of sweet and savory and the sesame milk bun is to die for. Potatoes were excellent too. Worth the wait and no longer annoyed about that since my hanger has subsided :-) We will be back!I was genuinely surprised there wasn't a bigger wait for this place. The food was really good, especially their home fries. We got the Dinosaur Egg, Eggs Benedict with fried chicken, and Biscuits and Gravy. The Dino Egg was okay. It was more like a new take on avocado toast where they give you the entire avocado and tell you to deal with it. The eggs from the benedict was a bit disappointing since the yolk was a bit overcooked. But the biscuits and gravy with homefries is the reason why I'm writing this review. It's a must-try for sure. Enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and the friendly service by the employees.This place is great! The service is fantastic and the restaurant itself is super cute. My boyfriend and I walked in at a weird time on a Friday afternoon and were sat right away, but I imagine their weekend service is really busy! The food was amazing and a great portion size. Can't wait to go back!My friend and I came here on a Sunday nearly the time that Over Easy was closing. They are definitely popular, since many of their food items were already sold out. I believe I had a egg dish, while my friend had a pancake dish. Will definitely come again.Ok crazy good! I loved all of it. It's a beautiful space with tons of arty detail. The service was a little sporadic but it was more then made up for by the lovely owner. The attention to detail was inspired and I wish more restaurants understood that it's important. Wood work , lighting, tables. It's so well put together. The bathroom was very cool and the restaurant was immaculate.  
The food is great. They are sourcing the best of everything and you can taste it. The food is very well executed. The cooks are funny and engaging. The dinosaur egg was amazing and I had only heard of them. The breads are from Lost Bread. The eggs Benedict was made with a fried chicken breast. Great not good . Every plate on every table was stellar. You got to try it. Only open Friday , Saturday and Sunday. It's on Tulip a block off Frankford.Love this place.  Don't know where to start but I would say try the cinnamon bun (it's big and delicious). The breakfast is done well with the taste of small delicious kitchen cooking that makes your day.  I would also be remiss in not mentioning the bbq.  Do yourself a favor and have some.Had generally a tasty experience here. I really wanted to try the lox but they sold out 6 of them to one person RIGHT before I ordered which was really unlucky. Luckily I also wanted to try the breakfast pierogis.
Breakfast pierogis were awesome - but I may be biased because I loved potato-based anything and sour cream, and pierogis in general are just the best. Our table had chicken and waffles which were also tasty, some regular dish with homefries and meat, and a vegan breakfast burrito.
I will say when I tried the breakfast burrito I did not like it at all. It tasted burned, but the person who was eating it didn't have any complaints so maybe it was just me.
Overall would still recommend trying this place for being cute,  and having some unique breakfast choices.It is really nice place for breakfast. We got streak&eggs and biscuits gravy which is really yummy. The service is excellent and attentive. Totally recommended this place and definitely gonna come back soon.Meh (with the disclaimer that i don't eat meat).  I've been here twice, and both times were rather disappointing.  The egg sandwich (without the meat stuff) is ok, but nothing special - with such a small menu, things should be special.  I came back another time and wanted something light, was offered a "side salad," and was then charged $9 for same.  The place is kinda cute, and i don't mind the funky silverware, but the water bottles and glasses look less than clean.  On my last visit, the server was blatantly dick-nosing the entire time, which is really the deal-breaker for me.Tried breakfast, but our two plates took a full hour to come out with zero communication 
Food was decent 3/5 (Dino egg and the breakfast burrito), but not worth the hour wait. 
Server comp'd our tea, but it's not enough for us to return. 
given the several other local options, I can't recommend spot to neighbors.
good luck!Located in Fishtown, this neighborhood gem  is quaint in size but mighty in food selection.
Visiting a friend, it was a great place to have conversation and a meal. The staff www very nice and the menu generous. Price point is amazing and  a BYOB spot. They do, however, they offer coffee and teas.Cute small corner store
The wait was about 5 minutes on a Saturday morning
Needs vaccine to sit indoors but outside was just fine too!
The host was a sweetheart and server was great recommending me the dinosaur eggGreat atmosphere, great spot in the neighborhood it is located in. Food was delicious and good quality visually.