So when they told me they have a $10 credit card minimum, I should have run.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt and got chicken pad thai.  I am not exaggerating when I say it was one of the grossest asian dishes I have every been served.  Texture was slimy, the flavor was completely off, and it seemed to have limp vegitables mixed in to give it the consistency of a cole slaw with spaghetti added.  But I only have myself to blame for not seeing the signs:  bad yelp reviews, dimly lit, and derelicts eating at the window table.  And could someone tell me why there is limp lettuce in my pad thai !?I am searching for a great Thai restaurant in Center City (preferably West of Broad), comparable to Chabaa Thai in Manayunk.
I tried the green curry which is served with wide noodles and lots of cabbage.  The sauce was light on coconut milk and greasy, but the spice was right (very hot!) and it was a large portion at a small price.
A friend ordered the spicy satay marinade with beef and rice.  This dish was not too spicy, but considerably smaller than the green curry and left my friend hungry.Avoid this place! The place is over-priced especially with appetizers, unprofessional ( half of the dishes were not available due to lack of ingredients), and lastly untasty food. I ordered singapore noodle which was dry and tasted blunt, and vegetable spring rolled which seemed frozen and  took the cook two trials to fry. Never eating here again.I really, REALLY wanted to like this place.  It's convenient to my hotel, close to my train stop, and pretty reasonably priced.  Plus, they have dumplings on their menu, unlike those liars at the non-existent Susannah Foo's Dumpling Kitchen in the Comcast Center (where the sign still says 'Opening in Fall 2008') LIARS.
Anyway, I've tried the Pad Thai shack twice now and this place blows.  The pad thai should be the best in town, given that the dish is this place's namesake.  Too bad it's just a bowlful of sticky, greasy noodles with a few strips of grim-looking chicken and a tiny handful of peanuts scattered on top of the past-their-sell-by-date bean sprouts.
Last week I gave the place another shot and ordered the spring roll and dumpling combo ($7.50).  I got two spring rolls and six dumplings in my order.  Unfortunatley the woman who packed up my food did not fasten the top tightly enough on the little containers of dipping sauce...so by the time I opened up my takeout box, everything was doused in a mixture of soy and duck sauces.  Not a biggie if the food is any good, but I have to tell you that this was INEDIBLE.  
Never again, Pad Thai shack.  Sorry, I really wanted us to be friends; I love dumplings....just not your dumplings.I only went here once but I'm surprised by the terrible reviews. I had a good meal. A sizeable portion. I ordered green curry which I thought was going to actually be green curry but it was green curry pad thai. I love pad thai so it worked out but wasnt what I was expecting. It was very spicy which I liked. They werent friendly and a little slow and it was a little expensive. But all in all it tasted good and I'd go back if I was in the area for takeout.Worst pho ever.
No flavor or character, but there was... cabbage?
Uggh.I have a final exam tomorrow and shouldn't be writing yelp reviews, but the pad thai from this place was so horrible that I was actually compelled to stop eating and studying so I could come home and write a warning to others.  OK... I should have checked yelp first before walking in, but the cute cartoon on the window saying "let's noodle" made my complaining tummy decide to give it a shot...  
Boy, what a mistake.  The pad thai was soggy, sour, and actually made me lose my appetite (this has only happened at bad school cafeterias by the way).  The chicken was not just bland but actually had a funny taste to it like bad salad bar chicken that has been sitting out too long.   I hate wasting food so I forced myself to eat most of it and washed it down with my $2 canned thai iced tea.  The $8.95 pad thai was not worth the container it came in.  Edible Americanized Asian food is bearable...this was beyond inedible.This place has a ton of bad reviews, but I've been a constant customer for years.  Its a great place to grab lunch and head back to the desk (the ambiance is just ok).  I like the chicken pad thai, and when you request, they can definitely spice it up.  There are limited vegetables in the Pad Thai, but that's fine for me. I like vegetables - but I'm not expecting them when I grab lunch here.I was walking around Center City, my friend and I were  looking for somewhere to buy some gag gifts for some of her peeps back home. We had forgotten that everything is friggin' closed on Mondays. 
From all the walking, we were both feeling quite hungry, and this place looked decent, unfortunately I do not have a cell phone with Internet capabilities or I would have checked Yelp first.
I ordered the Thai green curry. It says it is the spiciest thing on the menu, I am addicted to spicy food. It was not spicy, at all. But  I do have a high spice tolerance, so don't order it if you can't handle heat.
It took about 5 minutes and our food came out. I looked down, and was surprised at how much food there was, but notice it was COVERED in peanuts. I know this is typical for Pad Thai, but I have never had a curry with peanuts on top. I am not allergic to peanuts, but I might as well be. I hate peanuts, and anything peanut related. And with those damned chopped peanuts, there is no way to not take a bite without at least one gross peanut in it. I think that the menu should state when there will be peanuts in your food.Seriously don't bother.  Tried it twice, both times kinda gross.  1st time ordered shrimp lemongrass soup. . . disgusting.  Thought I ordered the wrong thing, and next time had the green curry chicken.  Yuck, lots of cabbage and chicken was blah.  Please don't waste your timeThere is another Pad Thai Shack at 122 South 12th Street here in Center City, and it is this one that I am reviewing.  Basically a take-out, with a few tables if you prefer to eat in, this little gem does wonders with a basic Thai menu.  Mix and match tofu, chicken, beef or shrimp from wok or grilled selections done in a variety of Asian styles.  The Thai Green Curry Chicken with noodles is my favorite.  This curry is the essence of spicy Thai cuisine, and this small operation creates a surprisingly worthwhile interpretation; hot, with a touch of sweetness, aromatic and tender.  The Spicy Satay is another dish worth sampling, though it would even be better with a little stronger peanut flavored sauce.  Add a side spring roll; crisp, not greasy, and filled with crunchy vegetables.  The Tom Yum Koong soup - hot and spicy broth with fresh veggies and shrimp - makes a great opener.  This is great take home food any day of the week.No more for me . I work around 18th & Sansom ST, I haven't stoped by pad thai before since last week. I was hugry and so excitied to have food from pad thai. Within 10 mins they gave to me . I paid 9$ for my lunch , not bad if it was good . But... That was my first time to have it   And I was really really shock with that . They gave me uncook . Oh god I could not eat it at all . I thought only me  got unlucky , but not ... It happened to my friend too . It's funny!. isn't it?Are you kidding me!!?? This is Thai?? A tour of duty in Iraq. Life abroad in Latin America. Needless to say, I've grown  to love International cuisine. I love  hot and spicy cuisine. Pad Thai Shack is hillariously neither. I stopped by on Saturday to have Saigon Style Stir fry. What I got, was greasy, bland, lifeless tofu with rice. Stop Fakin' Tha' Funk, and simply call yourselves "McDonald's Does Thai".Mediocre "Thai" food, not a lot of veg options. Best thing is that the African folks who currently work there were listening to really good music.3 stars is pretty generous - it's more live 2 or 2 and a quarter.
The dumplings are crispy and FRIED and the prices seem a mite high for essential fast food noodles.
The lady at the counter was icy cold toward me - and the place was essentially empty.
I would only go back here in a pinch as Bill M. has said.Only eat here if you are desperate for Thai.  It is fast food thai and uninspired.  
The people that worked here are friendly though for how hot it is in the inside.  Extra gold star for them hehe :]Sometimes the pad thai is sauced really well, other times it's dry and lackluster. Sometimes the dumplings are crispy and delightful, sometimes they are burnt to a crisp. Eh. 
The good has outweighed the bad. I still really like getting this to go, to share and eat in the park for an overall reasonable price.So maybe it's my fault for ordering Pho at a place called the Pad Thai Shack, but it was easily the worst Pho I've ever had...big chunks of flavorless beef instead of the thin slices in a bland broth that lacked the traditional sweetness and flavor.  Not to mention it costs more than anywhere else I've been.
I've been wishing for a place to get Pho in the Rittenhouse area, but this isn't it.  Reading the other reviews I'm not eager to go back and try any of their other stuff.  
The one positive was that the person working there was really friendly.I tried this place a couple of times and unfortunately was disappointed both times.  Not much to say but the food was definitely bland. Quite honestly I've had ramen with more flavor and appeal.  I really wanted to like the place and support some local biz.  But I'm gonna have to pass here.First of all, I should have read these reviews before ordering for pick-up. No one is publishing nice reviews because frankly, the food was second rate and my nutritionist can vouch for me, I'm not a picky person. I ordered the combo pad thai with the combo dumplings/spring rolls. I eat Thai food 3 times a week and I've had an array of pad thai. The take-out container of tasteless noodles was mostly cabbage and onions with at least 6 pieces of old chicken and a grand total of 2 shrimp. No exaggeration, I will never order from here again. 
PS. The dumplings were fried and comprised mostly of diced carrots. The spring rolls were mostly Vietnamese bun (vermicelli). Stay away and find another Thai place! There are aplenty.Most disappointing experience ever. One would think that with the name PAD THAI SHACK, their pad thai would be awesome. It was beige, flavorless, runny, and the tofu was undercooked. I appreciate fast service, but I'd be willing to sacrifice the rapid service for better prepared food.I really wish I read Yelp before going here.
I've been nursing a cold for the last few days and all I wanted on my way home was some soup noodles. I got the beef pho, which was already an iffy choice from a place called pad thai shack.  I figured it couldn't be that bad.
What resulted was the worst excuse for pho ever created.  It was a bunch of pad thai noodles, raw onion, a wedge of lime, and chinese stir-fry beef all drowned in hot water. Not soup, WATER.  The only saving grace was the hot sauce/hoisin mixture that was included.  
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Food: 0
Price: 2
Decor: 2
Service: 3
Wild card: They have magazines...So, as other reviewers have said, this place is not terribly great.  The food is sort of bland, it's hot inside, and the one time I ordered food from them, I waited most of my lunch hour for it - and it was take-out.  I had planned on getting some quick pad thai and eating in Rittenhouse Square, but I wound up running back to my office to make it back from lunch on time and eating the disappointingly bland pad thai at my desk.  It's a shame. I love Asian food, especially pad thai, and I was hoping that this would be one of those dingy little hole-in-the-wall takeout places with amazing food.  It wasn't.Terrible. Food was bad and way over-priced, what's worse is the burnt flakes that was probably left in the wok from the previous dish, uncleaned, which adds a burnt taste in the fried rice and pad thai that i ordered. Some might think that's unique, but it is so bad for your health, after the meal I literarily felt like I just ate a big chunk of burnt charcoal. Stay away!!!I stopped in, forever in my pursuit of GOOD Thai in Philadelphia. Did I really think a place called "Shack" would appease? Probably not, but what the hey.
Ordering the cheese burger of Thai food, Pad Thai Chicken, the over-oily $8 (Styrofoam) plate came with way too many onions (something I wasn't raised to believe belongs), and lots of purple stuff. There were about five pieces of actual chicken. I couldn't eat half of it, and walked it to the kitchen, and dropped it in the trashcan in front of the cook before leaving.
This place is terrible... and even if I caught them on a bad day, I will not be returning.My disclaimer herein is that I've never actually eaten insie the place. I once ate inside a Maoz where you munched in the window, people walking by; my friends and I made number cards and rated people as they strolled past...didn't end well.
That said, what I have had, ambiance-free, has been spot-on. Not overly yummy, not mouth-wateringly delicious. The tofu summer rolls are light yet filling while their take away noodle, while a little greasy, outdo most of the sit down noodles in the city. Overall, I'd say if you can't get to 47th and Baltimore for some outta this world Lao food, grab something here. Here is for grabbing.My experience pretty much mirrored Brad C's, except with chicken.  
Yet another poor dining situation that could have been averted via Yelp.
I was on my way home, craving some kind of hot, spicy chicken soup within walking distance. Dreams of pho ensued - a harpist played cascading scales and velvet theater curtains parted. A big steaming bowl of broth-drenched noodles appeared before me with chicken and green onions and lime-tangy hotness to blast out my sinuses and fill me with warmth. I stepped into the shack and placed my order for pho with chicken and a canned Thai iced tea. 
My order came out promptly. Maybe too promptly. I could not wait to get home and dig in. 
Moments later I sat down on my couch, opened my plastic take-out container and fished around with hope. 
An imaginary trombone played "Wah, wah" as my dream drowned.
Steam? Check.
Noodles? Check.
Lime? Check. 
Flavor? Chicken? Spice? Not so much.
Obviously this place is not called "Pho Shack", but minus the harpist and curtains I didn't think my expectations were that unrealistic.
Pho ain't that hard to make.  Then again, maybe it is.I've tried this spot again and again, cause I love munching pad thai in Rittenhouse park on a nice day. However, I'm finally saying enough is enough - the prices and totally 'eh food (soggy noddles... weird sauces that don't taste like they should) is just not worth my time or cash. I won't be back.How does this place stay open?  I've given this place two tries and will never venture in again.  The noodle dishes were a pile of mushy flavorless glop.Despite the reviews I went to the Shack with a friend (who incidentially LOVES the place).  Unfortunately I thought the reviews were right - got the pad thai and found it to be really bland.If you are into culinary sadomasochism, this is the place for you! Between the pad thai that tastes like fermented tofu and the curry that resembles cinnamon life cereal after it's been sitting in milk for 24 hours, this place will last in this location for a long time!Wow, I can't believe this place is still in business when it has such terrible reviews.  I came here a couple of times and the pad thai is really crap.  Completely tasteless.  The dumplings and spring rolls are better but how can you mess those up?  They're fried!  This place is fine if you don't care what you put in your stomach, you just want to not pay much to get full.  You'd hope a hole in the wall thai place would be awesome but both this place is disappointing.I go to Pad Thai Shack on those nights where I'm passing by and I simply cannot deal with cooking dinner.  I've had pad thai there...almost every time I've been.  It's okay.  It's very convenient, and I can walk in, order and be walking out with hot dinner in 10 minutes.  However, the pad thai is hardly what I would consider great.  It's just ok.  I guess that's the price you pay for convenience!
I would be curious to try other dishes, but when I think of Pad Thai Shack, all I want in that moment is pad thai! :)Waited 45 MINUTES for simple Pad Thai at around 1pm on a weekday. It was completely bland. The fact that everything is made in an open kitchen and you watch the food being ladled out of buckets doesn't make the juices flow in anticipation.  Overall nothing good to say.I dropped in here once for lunch since I was in the area.  
Not the best Pad Thai I've ever had, but definatly not the worst either.  The noddles were a little greesy, but over all the Pad Thai was satisfactory. 
On the plus side, the portion was fairly large and the staff was friendly.man, tons of hating going on about ye old pad thai shack. now, ordinarily, i would steer clear of any food establishment with "shack" right there in the title, but a co-worker and i gave it a shot anyway. 
it was cheap, fast and i may be in the minority here, but tasty enough. totally fine to grab lunch to go, i wouldn't really want to have a leisurely lunch like, INSIDE though. i got some vegetarian crap and it was good and the portion was totally oversized so i had some for later. 
yeah it's not gourmet but were you really expecting that? like, i said, it's got SHACK right there in the name!hands down the worst pad thai i've ever had. tasted like fish. my dog wouldn't even eat it when we got home. and the guy at the counter acted like we were a pain in his buttThis place might be the most over prices South east asia take-out food place I ever been to. I'm vietnamese and the owner of this place is vietnamese too if you ask one of people who work there and I over heard the lady cook asking the owner about my order. I order my spicy satay marinade with is not spicy and just bland and not that many vegetable (just 1 stick of cucumber, 1 stick okay, a few of the bean sprout, a bit of purple cabbage) and it comes with a soy sauce dressing with is nasty. i didn't finish my lunch it's sitting next to me now while I write this review. I paid $ 7.44 for this crap. DO NOT GO HERE if you want some nice south eas asia food. my friend got the pad thai, which is bland and mushy. If you guy are in to Pad thai try the one in Reading Terminal market. it only around $5.00 with shrimp.Been a few times. Im a fan of the chicken Pad Thai, had the Pho noodle soup today. The Pad Thai is better. The only problem that some people face those who can only lunch for a specific amount of time is it can get very crowded which slows things down. Call in your order if your worried about it taking to long.OK, so it's not amazing, but if i'm craving southeast Asian food, and don't have the time to trek over to Chinatown, it will do.
I've enjoyed the buckwheat noodle salad with the peanut sauce, and the chicken and veggie spring roll lunch special over rice or noodles.  Never had a problem with service at all, though.
It will do.This place is VERY overpriced and the food is HORRIBLE. AVOID.I really want to like this place, except the pad thai stinks.  So I can't.  And it's also expensive for the amount you get... and also because of the fact that the food stinks.  Did I say the pad thai stinks?
I went here first in the fall of '07.  The place didn't make much of an impression on me at that time.  In fact, I distinctly remember thinking at that time that the pad thai had a slight taste of vomit to it.  Certainly this is a ridiculous thought, I said to myself.  So I put it and this place out of my head.
Until... Somehow in the last few months I was thinking, oh gee.... I really want to give Pad Thai Shack another shot.  So I went in for lunch one day with a friend.  I got chicken pad thai.  And you know what?!?  It didn't taste like vomit this time!  Plus 1 point.  It didn't, however, taste good.  Minus lots of points.
Additionally, the ambiance inside is really weird -- kind of like they can't afford to pay the electric bill.  The lights were super low, almost just off.  From the outside you couldn't tell if the place was open or not.  Not until you walked up to the door.
For chicken pad thai and a bottle of water, I paid something close to $10+.  No, thanks.  Don't waste your time.Wow. Just, wow. I'd sooner go to any of the generic Thai places in the city (the stand in The Reading Terminal is a favorite) than visit this place again.
I've walked past this place many times on my way home from work, and decided to try it one afternoon when I was craving some Thai. Big mistake.
The service was pretty average, cashier seemed friendly enough and was kind of cute. I always get pad thai, so I branched out and got the Singapore Noodles with chicken and a can of Thai Iced Tea. (the same one you'll find at most of the small Thai places in the area.) I got my order very quickly, within 10 minutes of ordering. I had high hopes for this place.
I got home, opened the container, took a bite, waited to be dazzled, and.....nothing. Absolutely nothing. It's almost as if they gave me plain noodles cooked in salt water, a few pieces of chicken & salted veggies, and more salt. No sauce. The flavor ranged from super bland to super salty. I tried to spruce it up a bit by adding some low-sodium soy sauce, just so I could stand the flavor long enough to get everything down and not waste my $10. Acceptable. But then, I reached the bottom 1/3 of the container where I found another "what the hell is this doing in here?" flavor.....noodles slathered in butter. At that point I just had to throw in the towel and order pizza.
Never again.So the pad thai here is pretty uninteresting at best. It's often bland and dry, and not cheap enough to make the occasional good dish worth the price. 
Avoid, there are better things in the area.I wish I could be a black hole and suck all the stars away that were ever given to this place. Pad Shack doesnt deserve any stars, but I have to give it something (other than the $7 that would have been better spent if Id have given it to the bum at the entrance. At least he couldve bought a bottle of Mad dog 20/20, a far better investment).  I and 3 others came here for a quick bite o' thai before we had to drive back to NYC.  Ill just say that it wasnt the best settling meal you could have before embarking on a two hour car trip.
  We each had the Pad Thai of some form or another.  We got pad soup. I kid you not. I had to walk my paper plate over to my window seat with both hands, like a 2 year old carrying his first bowl of cereal, as to not spill "pad gravy" all over the floor.  It was a sloppy mess, Im not going to go into great descriptive detail, because it doesnt deserve it. 
  I ALWAYS finish my meals, no matter the size. Not this time, I respect my body too much for that. I threw it out... wouldnt even offer it to the bum outside, I respect the homeless too much for that.
  Save yourself, and your money.  DO NOT EAT HERE!!This is by far the most disappointing pad thai I've ever eaten, worse even then the pre-packaged microwave junk you can buy in the grocery store.
Call me picky, but for $8, I expect something that tastes like actual food and not like the take-out container they serve it in.
Believe it or not, I've made repeat visits for the pad thai, in the naive hope that the last time I just bought it on a bad day, and that today it would actually be tasty. I gave up after three times, and have learned a very valuable lesson: Don't Bother.i asked for the 5spice vegan tofu dish.  i dont know what i was expecting, maybe some yummy noodles but what i got was sauce soaked rice topped with the hard parts of lettuce, soggy tomato, onion, and squash and soggy tofu was not it.  there is hardly one spice in it let alone FIVE.  i picked out the tofu and sent the rest to the trash.  eew, and for almost $10? no thanks.  plus the place is right across from construction at 10 rittenhouse and i couldnt understand a word the lady was saying.I'm not sure how many stars I was expecting to give a place that calls itself a shack, but beyond the cute sign graphic of an anthropomorphized Chinese take out carton, Pad Thai Shack didn't have much to offer. 
There's something about Pad Thai that must make it the hardest Asian dish to cook. That's the only way I could explain the sheer number of lousy Pad Thai's I've consumed.  Pad Thai Shack's food initially seemed above average but once I got past the peanuts and down to business I realized it was just another tepid pile of noodles. Also, as of today (4/21) they didn't take credit, at least not for a single meal. The portion was big but the food was pricey ... about $9 for chicken pad thai. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you are in Rittenhouse and starving for some noodles.Got the Shack's Pad Thai with chicken and beef, green curry with chicken and spring rolls.  All three were borderline terrible with a strange bouquet of flavors that just didn't meld together correctly at all.  After picking through all the noodles, I found TWO bite-sized pieces of chicken and one-half piece of shrimp in them.  I would stay away from this sham of an eatery.Pad Thai was overpriced and bland. Couldn't bring myself to finish all of it. That's what I get for cheating on Thai Singha.Do not go to the Pad Thai shack...simply put.The Pad Thai Shack (hardly ramshackle) has been around for at least six years, and isn't far from Rittenhouse Square. Place your order, sit and wait, and grab your food to go. Everything is served in cool little boxes and bagged - both with Shack branding - and tiny wafer cookies are included. Last I checked, they didn't take credit cards (they may now), which stank since their prices aren't the cheapest.
Their slogan is amusing: "Let's noodle [at Pad Thai Shack]" However, their southeast asian cuisine is so watered down it's not funny; the restaurant should be verboten for anyone who knows better. With pad thai that is barely edible and bland Singapore noodles (they had bean sprouts and peanuts, for what it's worth), you can do better elsewhere. Americanized Chinese food is one thing, but dumbed-down southeast asian fare is not worth your cash. Avoid.1) the pad thai is awful
2) the curry is okay, but you can get better quality thai for the same price
3) the owner has been downright mean and obviously does not take her mission of hospitality seriously enough.
...I have given Pad Thai Shack too many chances because of its convenient location.  However, I will be walking to few extra blocks to Thai Chef & Noodle Fusion on 20th and Chestnut.  I've never tried it, but based on the reviews, its seems like it is cheaper and tastier.Wow. there really is a lot of hate for the Shack. And while I do agree with most of it, I also think it's a little too harsh.
Pad Thai Shack pretty much does for Pad Thai what Maoz does for falafel.  And depending on your view of that your either going to love it or hate it. It's not exactly a culinary sensation. but it's not too bad when your in a pinch for something good and relatively fast either.
So while it's not my favorite, far from it. I will be among the minority who back up the shack and say that it works for a sufficient and tasty quick meal. And what you pay for it is pretty reasonable for what you get. there's definitely plenty of veggie options too.And so upon further discovery of trying more than just the shrimp fried rice, McThrill realizes how abysmal this place really is. To Quote and highly second Chad - "Worst Pho Ever"!
It's still decent if your looking for decent and above average quality take out. but if your looking for traditional Pad Thai or Pho than do yourself a favor and avoid this joke.