The main reason I visit here is the French baguette..so hot and fresh. 
Creamy tomato soup and medditerriean veggie sandwich half - perfect size and taste!I use rapid pick up - or have used it a handful of times in the past.- I don't know that I will continue. There is ALWAYS something missing. A pastry, the baguette, or this time- my entire breakfast sandwich!!!!! When I said something I wasn't met with an apology- not from the worker or the manager who she told. They stood their talking. They didn't tell me they were working on it bc I was in a rush- hence the rapid pick up- and when I asked I was met with a sour attitude. Please improve this cafe! I usually love panera and their service. This location is seriously lacking on customer service when it comes to rapid pick up!Things I love...
- The soup
- The seasonal iced teas 
- The tables, outlets and ample light 
Things that are meh...
- The bagels and sweets. This location is right across from the Reading Terminal Market. If you want good sweets or bakery items, I would definitely cross the street. They will be better, fresher, and cheaper. 
Things I do NOT love....
- The "free wifi". I have always had to fight with their wifi. It's super weak and constantly disconnects, rendering work useless. The burger place next door has better wifi. I always end up frustrated and regretting my decision to stay after I've finished my bread bowl full of yummy soup.
Yes for the food....No for a work space.My love of carbs translates directly into my love for Panera. 
I always look in awe at the array of breads on display when I walk in, making me feel like a child in the toy aisle. My favorites are the bread bowls, ESPECIALLY the butternut squash soup! I love it so much that I want to subtract a star from my review because Panera only serves it seasonally (in the fall) and thus, depriving me of my butternut squash through the long winter months when I desperately want it the most! 
However, I still think it deserves full ratings for the excellent service, clean environment, quality food, and great prices! It's fitting for so many occasions, whether you want to work alone for an afternoon (although sometimes when it's busy, it can be tricky finding an empty outlet) or enjoying meals with a large group. 
Hurrah for carbs! Hurrah for Panera!We accidentally called the wrong location with our order for 20 people at lunch rush. All of the staff, managers, cashiers, catering and cooks pushed our order through and got us everything we needed.  They even offered us free drinks while we were waiting.  I don't have enough good things to say about their customer service. Thank you!I normally do not like to bash establishments, but today I am beyond upset.  This is not the place to go for lunch if you expect to be able to order, eat and get back to work in an hour.  I waited about 12-15 minutes to order as the line was long.  I ordered my food and sat down patiently to wait for my food to be done.  After waiting 30 minutes I went up and noticed that in the screen, they were in the process of preparing about 20 orders and my name was not even on the board.  I walked up to the cashier and advised her about my wait time and my concern that my name was not even on the board.  She crudely responded "SO-you want to cancel your order?" Her facial expression and hand movements were indicative of her annoyance with multiple customers complaining about the delay. She should have been upset with the manager's lack of properly managing than to be angry with the customers.  So, I, like a few other customers, were forced to cancel our orders and go back to work without eating.  We did not receive an apology from the manager.  I will never be going back, at least not to this location.The reason for giving this Panera a one star is because of my experience with the General Manager - Brahim.   I order the lobster sandwich thinking it would be the size of a half-roll. So when the sandwich was delivered, I was really surprised and made comments about "how ridiculous" this is --especially for $19.43(including tax). I was asked if I wanted to talk to the manager and I said yes--what a mistake. The manager acted like I was ruining his day by complaining-lots of hostility coming from him.   So, I go back to work and eat the sandwich.  I must say, the sandwich is EXCELLENT-- but the size isn't $20 worth.  Since it was a good sandwich and it is lobster, I would have dropped it except for I kept thinking about how the manager was hostile to me because I am complaining about the size of the sandwich. I wonder if the managers at Panera are trained to deal with customers?I was very disappointed from the service at this location. And from the broken system at Panera in general. I placed a catering order online by 9:00 am for delivery between 12:45 1:00 pm. I was driving from NY for a 1:00 pm meeting with clients. my order was processed online, and confirmed. This order included a $15 delivery fee plus  a $10 tip. At 12:30, As I'm arriving at my destination I get a call directly from this Panera location (which is a franchise location) that they are unable to fulfill my order. So. 15 minutes before my scheduled delivery, they expect me to make "other arrangements" like finding another place to get food from. Or actually picking up the food myself which would be ready At 1:00 pm or later. Which is after my business meeting was scheduled. I explained that I cannot be late for my appointment and Can they please try their best to deliver by 1:00. They didn't really care what I had to say. Their local policy is they need 6 hours notice to fulfill catering orders. I replied that nowhere online or on my order confirmation does it state that. And if the order cannot be filled, why was it accepted? And why am I finding out about it 15 minutes before delivery??? When, as an out-of-towner, I have no real resources or time to sort out a different solution!!! In the end, after I begged, they got there. 40 minutes late. Bad bad business. And when I called Panera corporate, they were of no help either.I'm torn. I know Panera is a chain, not a five star restaurant, and the food is always good quality (no dead lettuce or anything), but they put so little meat on the sandwiches, it's unacceptable.
I'm not going to lie. I only come here when I can't decide on what to eat. In a city full of amazing restaurants, this is not somewhere I'd catch myself going weekly, so I'll only go if I'm trying to eat healthy, or if I don't have much money (the combos are a steal). 
The green tea, though, is my favorite that I've found so far in the city aside from this cheesesteak place in Rittenhouse. 
My only real criticism is that they let a homeless man sleep inside during business hours. This is bad for business.
It's Panera Bread. Don't expect anything more or less.Avoid this place. They don't have the updated ordering system so you have to wait forever in line. Then when you finally make it to the cashier she acts like she's doing you a favor. They got 2 out of 3 orders wrong. I asked them to fix it, they were rude and then sent it out wrong again. I gave up.The food was good, but the staff was absolutely the worst. The staff was using profanity and even speaking loudly about how many times they take bowel movements. It was absolutely disgusting and it ruined my meal and my appetite. I can't stress how loud and how unprofessional the staff was. I strongly would recommend going some where else to eat. I hope they fire that staff. Especially the one young ghetto loud foul mouthed female who prepared the food.Got take out so the review is limited but the place was clean, the food was classic Panera, I got everything fast, and the location is unbeatable when staying at the Downtown Marriott.June 26, 2017 at 5:00pm myself and a couple buddies stopped in this location for a quick bite. The food was great as always, but I'm giving this a 1 star because of the staff. They were extremely loud, specifically one female who prepares the food, she was arguing with her manager, and cursing loudly, and acting very "ghetto". This went on for about 15 minutes on and off. Extremely unprofessional, and it made our eating experience very uncomfortable. Mind you, while this ignorant little girl was doing her rant filled with profanities, there were families with small children trying to enjoy their meals. The manager did nothing to try to settle this employee down. We will not be returning to this location. If I wanted to deal with this "show", I could have went to McDonald's, but they even conduct themselves more professional!This is a great Panera and is centrally located in the heart of Center city Philadelphia. I enjoyed the chicken tortellini Alfredo this time around. The pasta was sprinkled with delicious Parmesan cheese and just the right amount of pulled chicken. The apple as my side was fresh and I also enjoyed a fresh chocolate chip cookie for dessert. I also highly recommend the agave lemonade. Thank you for the kind and quick service, I will be back soon.I tried Panera as a lunch item for the first time on Friday.  Not bad; except the lines are long and they only had 2 people on for lunch hour.   I ordered a ceasar salad with chicken.  Pretty good so I went back today.  Again during lunch time only 1 person on, some people were getting sort of irritated in line.  I ordered the same thing  ceaser salad with the bread.  
Now the point of the salad is the dressing.  I ordered 1/2 salad each time and got a decent sized "vat" of dressing.   This time I only received a small container which I dont think it had a TEASPOON of dressing for this sized salad.  COME ON.  my lunch is ruined..... i have a good size salad with 2 pieces of wet lettuce.  i know its salad but wow.,...Won't go there again.Always love the panera food, but this particular store's customer service or just plan service was bad enough to write something. I called an order in and came by 5 minutes later expecting to pay and wait. The store was empty and I was the only customer they were handling yet the needs of the employees on break seemed to take president over my order that could not be found. One of the employees munching on her panera food concluded that she took my order, but I still had to repeat my purchase several times to the clerk and the cook. 
Basically, fine food. Probably good people. But I want the manager to see this note and ensure his employees do not curse around customers and eat their food that the cook made before the customer's at the pick up counter and pay counter.No coffee availability at 7:30AM. One cashier with a ten deep line. No customer service to appeal to. Many dirty tables that were not bussed.Panera, thank you for coming to Center City Philadelphia. 
Summer of 2014 consisted of multiple trips to Panera - more than I can really admit. Breakfast or dinner, there was a NEED to both study and eat (with free Wi-Fi, of course!) food that wasn't too too expensive.  Panera is definitely worth going to for breakfast and the bread bowls.  I will also say that I tried my first strawberry poppyseed salad at this Panera location and thoroughly enjoyed eating it!  Because I am a commuter, I had to make sure that I caught the train at a reasonable time, and so this Panera location was perfect because the train station was located less than a block away :-)  I would suggest the bread bowls for the pure effect of feeling satisfyingly full.  But their breakfast souffles and sandwiches are also my top picks at Panera along with their brewed coffee, iced or hot, no matter what the weather is like outside.  
Please don't leave us, Panera!  Thank you!Great go to for consistent lunch items. the only downfall to this location is seating. it gets pretty busy during lunch and unfortunately there aren't enough seats for everyone.  Hopefully they get tables outside for the summer.Panera has a good thing going.  The clean food makes the chain appealing.
This location near the Convention center does not disappoint.  My niece had the mac and cheese kids meal. 
I tried the tomato soup and wow.. it's amazing.
My friend had the french onion soup and she loved it.
The bread is so tasty and fresh.
This location has tons of seating.   Quick service on a Saturday.
Will I be back?  Of courseIt's true that I have an instinctive aversion to chain restaurants.  But the first time I stepped into a Panera Bread, many years ago, in central Tennessee, I had no idea it was a chain, so perhaps that made it easier to form a positive impression.  What I liked about that Panera I still like in the other Paneras I've been to, including Philadephia's.  They have a good variety of tasty eats (mostly soups, salads, and sandwiches, and also breads (obviously) and pastries), a fine coffee/tea bar, free WiFi, friendly service, comfortable, clean, and varied seating area -- all at reasonable prices.Food is just ok, wish I crossed the street and had something from Reading Terminal. Would have been tastier and cheaper!Typical Panera..clean. Word of warning for iced coffee fans they don't have the flavored syrups on their menu. They do have a rapid pick up option which is nice if you are in a hurry.I LOVE panera- it is my go-to healthy road-trip food. Normally 5 stars for healthy and conscious foods and quick service, but this one was WAY TOO crowded when I first went. The flower show was going on and they did a great job of trying to get everyone their food but the crowding did it for me. As a local, I probably won't be returning to this location TOO often, but its very convenient if you are at the convention center.This is a shame because I work next door but this is the worst Panera I have ever visited.  They are constantly out of vital things like coffee and forget using rapid pick up.   It was supposed to be ready in 10 minutes and it's now been almost 20.  When I asked about my order, I was told with an attitude that they were busy and couldn't help me.  I would not recommend coming here.  I know they will lose my business.A person sleeping in a booth along side all  her belongings  Food was poorly presented. I just felt a complete lack of caring at this establishmentlove panera bread, i always do the rapid pick up and they get your food at the pick up station on time. now, this location always has a long line and is super crowded, especially during lunch time because this is center city. good location thoughPanera is always a great lunch spot. Whether I'm craving a little snack or a full meal, they satisfy. Their Mac and cheese and bread bowls are great. The green tea iced tea is delicious. Overall I feel panera is a little overpriced but they provide good food with good service so I will be back.This is one of the best organized, high volume Panera locations I've visited. I work in the area so I've eaten in easily a dozen times and never once had a "bad" experience. 
Sure there have been occasional days when you hit them during a rush and drinks, napkins, etc. are out of stock - but the important stuff - speed of service, friendliness, food quality - always on point. 
All in all, I call Panera "old reliable" when it comes to lunch. Plus the bread - I can't deny it - soo good.Very good bagels. The cinnamon crunch is the best because it has crunchy cinnamon sugar on the outside especially after being toasted. The orange scone is highly recommended. The cinnamon bun is huge and very invitingThe only problem with Panera is that there are just too many delicious-sounding choices on the menu! It really is hard to choose when coming here for lunch, as I learned the hard way today. Luckily, you can do a "Pick 2" and get a combination of sandwiches, salads or soups to try. The turkey chili was pretty nice and the turkey avocado salad was refreshing and light. I have also picked up some fresh bread here on the weekends and have never been disappointed. Sometimes it is nice to have a chain restaurant around!Of all of the Panera locations I've been to, this one has the best customer service. The employees are so helpful and always make sure you're well taken care of. Perfect place to study and is never overcrowded when I go. Their food has not let me down like other locations. Soups are piping hot when they come out and it doesn't take them more than a few minutes to make whatever I order.I literally dropped all my work and headed down to Panera as soon as I heard it opened. Now we just need one in University City!
The food is still as great and consistent (and yes, slightly less filling than you would like) as every other Panera, and people obviously love it since the place was full on a Friday at 3. I almost always get the You Pick 2 with creamy tomato soup and half a big kids' grilled cheese (aka grilled cheese with bacon). The grilled cheese sandwich half was pretty small even for a half, relative to all the other locations I've been to. All the salads I've tried have been great. Paneras seem to offer soft dinner rolls now, which is awesome because I never liked the other sides they offered (baguettes were too hard, allergic to apples, not into chips). Lastly, the iced green tea is to die for! I'm addicted.
The location is great -- just steps away from 13th St Station and Reading Terminal Market, though this means Reading Terminal tempts me every time I try to make a visit to Panera.
Service is generally friendly, but my goodness. The lines. Also, for some reason this Panera is a little chilly, so bring your coats!This Panera right next to the Convention Center is definitely a great place to go for a good meal. Its never disappointing. It's pretty clean, however the tables weren't wiped off which was a little frustrating. The service is pretty quick and they don't mind helping you out if you don't have any idea what to get... The bathroom has two stalls, but one sink which is pretty weird. But other than that it was pretty clean and no complaints there either.Whenever I order from the app, it's always ready and the food is always fresh and made right. I love it there.Needed a quick meal between my flight in and the start of the conference. The place was and still packed with people sitting and waiting. 
I was a bit hesitant but decided to give a whirl. The manager was directing people on how to get in line and place order. I choose the kiosk and self ordered and received a pager. 
It was a zoo with many people clueless. But the manager was top notch and continued to welcome a direct. Way to go!
My meal did not take long and I approached the counter with my pager. The manager called me by name as I approached saying my food was ready. Extra step and appreciated. 
While eating the women next to my was not happy with the wait. "Apparently " something was wrong with her pager. She was sitting there the same time I was. Anyway, the manager came over, apologized, said he was looking into that pager and brought them two cookies. 
Again, manager steps up!  Way to go!  Now I want a cookie. HmmmConsidering this is the only Panera in the city proper - I have to say it's a pretty good Panera. 
The staff were friendly and our breakfast sandwiches came out quick and tasty.  I suggest the Gouda bacon egg and cheese!  It was mostly clean though people don't seem to realize that you throw your own stuff away there - they may just need to put another trash area on the other side of the dividing wall since a lot of people just left their stuff in the dining area.On a recent trip to Philadelphia for a national convention, this place saved me! Wonderful, healthy, and relatively quickly prepared food for a reasonable price located close to the convention center. Delicious salads, and fruit and veggie juice smoothies. Will box your food up nicely to go if you have limited time, so you don't miss any sessions at the convention. Very friendly cashiers and service. Would definitely come here again on a repeat trip to Philadelphia. Loved that I could look at the menu online to make my selections in advance of ordering.I've been to many different locations where I always have a good experience yet this location in Philadelphia on 12th street across from the convention center has got the best service hands down!  They have a line out the door which moves quickly and all the employees have such a pleasant demeanor!  Very impressive!everyone who works here is super nice and always seem to be trying their best given the circumstances BUT they are oftentimes understaffed when i go in there in the mornings - i guess because management doesn't schedule enough people to be there for whatever is going on at the convention center? not really sure. i've worked in cafe's and places like this for years and know it's pretty common for management to understaff busy places so they can save a buck themselves, but it's at the expense of the workers. there's just been too many days where something was missing like a bag of chips, or the panera cream cheese (which i loveeee) was subbed with philadelphia cream cheese (ew, stuff tastes fake) or some other brand because they ran out, or i was given a fourth of a tiny container of dressing with my salad etc etc - just stuff like that. these things can happen when yer overworked for little pay, that kind of enviornment can be pretty stressful and again, everyone here is really really nice and accomodating, i just can't justify paying that much for what i'm actually getting when stuff is missing or being subbed for other things without my knowledge. good luck guys.Finally Panera Bread is opened. I dont have to drive to Cherry Hill for Panera anymore.  I have been waiting for this day for months since they bought this location.  It's grand opening day of course I have to be here.
I went in around 8pm. It was pretty busy. All the registers were opened; however, one register has a sign said closed.  The girl at the register said she doesnt know  how to turn off the register sign on her machine. I ordered pick two.  She also didnt ask if I want baguette, apple or chips.  They usually ask you that, but since I'm a Panera fan I know how what comes with. Feel bad for people that already ordered and didnt know about it.  My friend ordered bread bowl but they ran out. He ordered pick two instead. 
I ordered pick two roasted turkey avocado BLT sandwich. It's good; however, they forgot avocado slices. I hate to do this but I was craving for some avocado. I just want avocado slices to add to my sandwich but they threw away my whole sandwich and made me another one.  My half Asian Sesame Chicken Salad was good but they forgot to put fresh cilantro and sesame seeds. I didnt send it back. It's not a big deal. 
Many hiccups first day, but it's ok.  I am sure they will improve as time goes by and settle in. Yes I will be back. What can I say I love Panera Bread.Could not be more happy to see a Panera hit Center City! The place is new and I think that they're off to a really great start. Everything was fresh and service was greatI mean, it's pretty much what you're probably expecting if you've been to a Panera Bread before. The atmosphere and menu are pretty standardized. I find the chain to be generally a little overpriced and pretentious, especially considering how cheap they are with the meat portions.Don't get me wrong, I love Panera but boy was I disappointed. Look at this photo - there is only half a tablespoon of chicken salad in this sandwich. And it cost me $10. This might be the end of me a Panera.I came here for a turkey and avocado blt but asked for no bacon. I had to remind the lady at the counter because when she put in my order she still put bacon. Which is fine honest mistake I get it. But then when I went or go pick up my sandwich it was literally just a bunch of meat and veggies slapped together on a soggy wet bread. Really? You cannot even put forth effort to make the sandwich look like it's from Panera and not the gas station.Food is Panera - fine without being great, I.e. typical chain food. They also have automated order system, but their system for making and picking up the food is a complete mess. You walk and there is no way to tell which food is yours because it's just sitting there along with everyone else's. All they would have to do is put each order on a tray! 
Oh and don't get the oatmeal. It's microwaved in a packet.
On the upside, they refunded my money because I had to wait for the oatmeal.No patato soup daily, only Monday and Wednesday , my daughter was not happy about that.But other wise it was good. Service was very quick and very friendly 
Very kind. Had the steak and white cheddar panini,  really good,  my goto sandwich here. 
4 STARS  for not enough seating, hard to get a seat. Try to get there around 11:30 for lunch if you want  to sit down. By 11:50 ALL the seats are full.This is a standard Panera with above average service! It gets super crowded very quickly during lunch time, so I would highly recommend ordering ahead via their website or on your phone, and they will have your order ready for you at the pick-up shelf.
I even did this once when I was sitting at Panera and didn't want to wait in the huge line, and I watched as my order was put on the shelf at a much quicker speed than it would have had I waited in line.
This Panera is well maintained and cleaned often - I come here to work in the mornings often, and I always see staff walking around to clean the tables. While I am usually more of a fan of small local restaurants, this Panera is a great alternative when you need something (relatively) quick and reliable!When I lived in my old place, Panera was my weekly go to place, so was super excited for this place to come into my neighborhood. But, my excitement turned quickly into disappointment.  
First, I ordered the frontega panini and cream of kitchen and rice soup. Although I'm paying 9$ for small portions of fast-food type food, I figured I'd be paying for a nice place to sit.
However, I came into a room of negative atmosphere. I came in to a pink shirted (manager, I assume?) lady ordering the workers around like servants. I saw unhappy workers having to follow this lady's every command. Unhappy workers =unhappy products. Hence, my food was sloppily made, and even tasted more sour after watching the condescending engagement between the employees.
On top of that, I came here to get some work done, but their internet was absolutely horrible. The ONE bar of internet got disconnected every 2 minutes, so I literally ended up wasting 30 minutes just trying to get setThe quality of Panera's food has seemed to have gone wayyy down over the last 10 years. Stopped into this location about a month ago and ordered the Southwest chicken salad. I loved the concept of the salad, however, I am CONVINCED the meat was canned chicken. Panera claims to have fresh ingredients, but this chicken was funky. Either it was low-grade chicken that had been boiled and shredded and was still wet...or it was straight from a can. Either way, it hurt the overall quality of an otherwise tasty salad. Step it up, Panera.I have now been here a few times due to my proximity. Our order has been wrong more often than not. Panera branch on 12th, you're just not cutting it.I ordered a roasted turkey BLT and it was tasty. I also suggest signing up for a free MyPanera card because you can earn some useful rewards. I recently got one for a free bagel every day this month, which is pretty cool. We went during lunch time, so it was pretty crowded. Overall, nice customer service and we didn't have to wait long for our order.Being across the street from the Reading Market in Phila is a tough spot for this Panera. I use Panera as a go-to spot when nothing is around & you want some decent fresh food. I tried this location now for the 4th time within a year's time because of others with me at the Philadelphia Flower Show. They wanted something fast and easy. We ventured into a rather large crowd inside which was expected because of the events in the area. The restaurant was pretty dirty and disheveled. There was no one taking care of tables and wiping your area for you from the last patrons. We ordered at the counter and the young girl behind the register was unbelievably rude and ridiculous. We asked her for a special exception to switch cheese on a sandwich from Swiss to another and she said with a double eye roll "Well, I guess I HAVE TO. You are the customer." She made us feel VERY unwelcome. We finally found a table. I wiped it myself. We all sat down and got our foods. Everything was just ok. It was a bit bland and very much just thrown together sloppily. I will say the people at the food making area were amazingly friendly and courteous and accommodated anything we needed. They should train the front cashier staff! We finished eating and departed. The use of the bathrooms right before we left proved to be an experience in that they were as sloppy as the restaurant out front. Definitely not going to race back to this location. It is usually always the same review when I go in here.Love the food and service and employees :D fast service, friendly and clean. Got the broccoli cheddar soup and mediterranean veggie burger - twas awesomeIt's Panera bread so you kinda already know what to expect from a cafe chain. If you're not familiar with Panera, think Cosi. I'm actually a little disappointed with this location. Since their opening weeks, I constantly feel that I'm getting skimped on ingredients. My favorite sandwich is the tomato and mozzarella panini. With each visit I've been given progressively greener tomatoes (may not be so bad if that's your thing) and smaller chunks of cheese for a whole sandwich. On my last visit, I essentially had green tomatoes and bread! This is compared to other locations that give me adequately ripened tomatoes with cheese enough to cover most of my sandwich. Despite my premature panini experience, those love-handle-making bagels have been good enough to make me forget my name. Maybe not, but it freaking always gives me temporary amnesia about the skimped ingredients in my panini. Damn you Cinnamon Crunch!As I was walking back to work from a business meeting, I thought I would just stop and pick up lunch to bring back.  I always enjoy the Reading Terminal - but then I noticed Panera Bread.  I LOVE Panera Bread and I didn't realize that they were there. They have the very best tomato soup that I like to dump my chips in.  So got 1/2 turkey and soup, 1 large mac and cheese for my son as a treat (which I had a really hard time not eating!).  I like their fresh iced tea and coffee.  Price is affordable and the food is fresh.  Staff was very friendly.  I will most certainly be back!  Thanks for being there!!!  See you guys soon.Another disappointment.  No improvement so I have to reduce a star.  The register stills unorganized and don't know what they are doing.  Still didn't give me option to choose of bread, chips or apple.  (They suppose to ask you).  
Last time they messed up my order and no bread bowl for my friend (8pm). This time (1pm) I  asked to eat here instead they give me to go bag.  I have to eat out of a brown bag instead of the nice plates.  I have a bad day and want to sit here relax take a breath and eat salad and a panini on a nice plates at Panera bread. And I didn't get it. :-(. It makes me sad.  I usually would be ok with it but this bad Monday and add to the service here just makes me feel worst.  
I am not happy with the service still. I don't have this much problems or none at other location.  I know for sure that people will come here for food like me not for the service.  
I was hoping to walk out of here feeling better but instead I felt worst.I love this Panera!
I come here often during my lunch break and am never disappointed. The staff is always so nice and helpful and my food is always correct and fresh. What more do I need?I order ALOT of Panera Bread for catering all over the United States so my 2 star rating is mostly because of the lousy and unprofessional service I received from this location back in June when I placed a very large $800 catering order for 50+ people. The driver forgot a large number of sandwiches and the desserts. I was on the phone with the location and they did come back and made it right which is good. The kicker to this whole story was the punk kid who did the delivery of the food and was a complete jerk and told me off about not leaving him a tip. I told him to "check the receipt" ... I actually left him a very large tip of $50....self entitled millennial brat! My advice to Panera...screen your employees better. I have never run into these problems in any other Panera location in the US!I've always been a fan of panera bread, so when this place opened up, I was so happy. Before, when I used to work in Jersey, Panera bread was my go-to spot for lunch. Although this panera isn't my go-to spot, I still love it. Service is always great - fast and friendly! Upon walking in, you will see a line, but don't let that scare you. Like I said, they are fast. 
I've had a few items here already (ranging from salads to sandwiches), but my favorite has to be the Southwest Chicken Flatbread. It's stuffed with corn, hummus, seasoned chicken, dressing, and other stuff. It's great. It has that sweet n salty mixture that makes your taste buds dance. My favorite soup is the wild rice n chicken. I'm not a big fan of watery soup, so this soup was great. Nice and thick and very flavorful. Try it, you won't regret it.
Don't forget to ask for a rewards card and register it online. They give you a free pastry if you register it. Also, by having the card, you also get coupons loaded automatically to the card.Title of this review; Epic Fail. I am a country wide regular heavy use customer of this chain. Usually without fail the Corp delivers. This morning the 4 of us tried to order a not complicated breakfast order from Jenny. The comprehension of and ordering process took a long time but as that turned out to be the least of the subsequent problems. Of the 4 entrees only 2 were picked when the buzzer rang. The other 2 items which were soufflés were a no show. I asked the prep/line guy and he said you get those in the front from the cashier. Went back to Jenny and she had no idea so I spoke with Chad who seemed like the manager. He tried to restart the order for those 2 items except they had been now sold to another customer and no longer available. He offered to make a breakfast sandwiches in place of. But some of those items were sold out so we settled on some subbed items. Chad apologized which was the bare minimum. So glad this experience does not reflect the overall franchise. UGH!I'm out in Philly for a volleyball tournament, so there are a lot of us players with their families trying to eat close to the convention center. The lines were long, yet their costumer service and accessibility to registers were phenomenal. Looking at all the people waiting in front of me, I could only presume the food would take a little while to be prepared. On the contrary, the order screen was helpful for the anticipation of when our food would be ready. All in all, we didn't wait long at all and the food was very good and filling. I recommend the chicken tortellini, it's a very universal.This place is very nice right across Reading Terminal Market and convention hall. There are 4 stations to place your order to avoid the line if you are not paying in cash. There's pager that you pick up to let you know that your order is ready. I got mine in a matter of minute. The cinnamon crunch is the best you cannot get it anywhere else.A Panera.  In the middle of a city.  Enough said.  
Honestly, sometimes I really just crave a cinnamon crunch bagel with hazelnut cream cheese.  Luckily, I no longer have to drive to the dirty Jerz to feed my craving.  
Yes, this is a Panera, so either you love it or you don't - they all serve basically the same stuff.  This particular Panera is quite spacious with a good deal of outdoor seating during the warmer months.  
With all of the amazing restaurant options in this fine city, why would you choose Panera?!  You might have jury duty and do you really want to navigate the crowds at Reading Terminal during lunch hour?  Maybe you're like me and have a hankering for some gooey bread.  Whatever your reason, don't feel ashamed for checking out Panera.  It may be a chain, but it's a pretty darn good one.They have improved since the grand opening.  I have been back many times never disappointed.    
Don't come here when there are something going on at the convenience center.  The line is out the door.  Or from the phone or online to pick upWorst Panera ever! I don't know if these employees realize they get paid cause of customers! They are having a big chat when people are waiting to order in front of them. Well what can I expect it's PA ANYWAY!I had great service today.  Greeted when entered the store, fast friendly service.  Clean restaurant.  Just what you would expect from this chainToo slow! Consistently understaffed for the morning rush. Very annoying.This is one of the few places for breakfast close to the Pennsylvania Convention Center open before 8 am. It is a typical Panera Bread with a good selection of breakfast options. The internet is very slow and will limit you to 30 minutes during peak times.SO happy a Panera opened up in center city finally! It's huge, quick, and the food is as amazing as ever. Plus they are very well staffed and it's always so clean! Definitely making this a regular stop in my life!Came because it was the only place open on New Year's. Got a steak sandwich and pesto pasta. It was adequate. About as good as any panera.I received a free pastry or dessert item for my birthday from their rewards program and I got the kitchen sink cookie. This is the best cookie I've had in a long time and it was bigger than my hand!! Huge chocolate chunks, pieces of pretzel, caramel and sprinkled with sea salt. I don't know how much this cookie costs, but I will be back soon for another!!First time at Panera Bread and it blew my expectations away. It's a wonderful place to take friends for a late lunch or early breakfast, family friendly . I'm totally addicted to this place and I'm very excited to try all foods on the menu. I'm thrilled that they placed one In center city of Philadelphia, it's great because now my mom doesn't have to drive all the way out to Bucks Co. I am jumping up and down can't wait to go back my new chill spot after school and my new chill spot for when me and my friends go out to eat.
P.s. The food there is very reasonable I was shocked because the way they have it set up you would think that you were eating somewhere expensive ,but it's not and that's another reason why I LOVE this place so much.My wife and I were working at one of the Hotels nearby, and although we would usually have opted for something at Redding Terminal across the street, we chose speed and convenience since we had to get back to the event quickly.
Armed with my wifes' selection (made from the helpful full online menu), I stopped in, and was helped by Matt, the manager on duty, who jumped on a register when he saw the line was growing longer than the single cashier could handle.
I can not say enough good things about my experience. The food was out quick, the quality was exactly what we expected, and Matt managed to make me feel welcome and special within a very short interaction.
If you find yourself in this part of town, and taking the time to find something you want, and waiting for it to be made at Redding Terminal is not an option, head here for a clean, quick, and courteous experience.I love Panera. However who told them to change the salad containers to go horrible. The host at the register was great. He explained the new salad. I gave him a tip. But the host/meal checker was not friendly today. Maybe it was just a bad day for him. Because of the new containers and the meal checker 3 stars.They just opened on Monday and I'm impressed!  Clean. Efficient. Staff is wonderfully charming. So happy panera came to center city!!!!Have been waiting and waiting for Panera to come to Center City and it finally did! (And we finally coordinated schedules to break for lunch and try it out.) Haven't been in a while, so to me it seemed like a typical Panera, and perfectly satisfactory.
Monday ~11:25AM, I arrived and ordered a lemonade and snagged a table (it didn't fill up till a little after noon, so it must not be as crazy if there's not a show going on at the Convention Center across the street).
Ordered the "pick two" option with the pesto sacchettini and greek salad. Got a piece of baguette on the side (having just had amazing french baguette at Le Diplomate, this baguette could not compare). The pesto sacchettini was delicious: very cheesy and flavorful. (NB: If you like your pasta al dente, you would've found it overcooked.) The greek salad was good, if slightly overdressed (but this meant the baguette had something to "dress" it with!). It may be (*gasp*) that I've "outgrown" Panera, with so many other fantastic non-chain options available; however, this Panera seems like a great fall-back lunch spot.I just left this location and I am furious! I was in a rush, but I wanted a breakfast sandwich, so I decided to stop against my better judgement (I had a home made parfait in my bag).
There was no one at the counter when I came in, so I used the kiosk. Not a huge deal in my option because that is what they are there for. My issue is my order was completely wrong! I didn't even notice until I was a block away and I didn't have time to turn back.
I intentionally selected, "customize" so I wouldn't run into the issue that I did! My order was simple; Everything bagel, with bacon, American cheese and Gouda cheese.....that's it! Instead, I received a bacon, egg, and ham on an Everything bagel with NO cheese.
Then I thought, "whatever, I'll just take the egg off and deal with it."  But to add insult to injury, the bagel was GREEN on the other side!!!!!
Complete waste of my money.I come in every Saturday around lunchtime and always welcomed with great customer service from MADISON. It has been times if she wasn't there I would walk out . I'm a picky eater and she always helps build the perfect sandwich every time. I don't get the same customer service from any other cashierPanera is always a winner and this location deserves 4 stars. The large venue provides a variety of seating styles for your desired level of comfort. It's the perfect place for any group of people and their menu is healthy and delicious - but that's universal. 
I love the fact that I'm able to get work done here as the setting is perfect for a productive saturday or sunday. I like this better than most of the traditional coffee shops I go to for working remotely because you have good food here and plenty of space to spread out. 
The service is also very speedy which is much appreciated.The guy at the register was friendly and helpful. I haven't been to a Panera in years so it was helpful to have a friendly face. Got the Baja Mac and cheese, tomato soup and blood orange frozen Drink. The Mac and cheese was by far the best. DELICIOUS!! I've had better tomato soup.Bad for food allergies!!!! Either the cashiers input the information wrong or the food preparers don't read the modifications!! And they don't care when I confront them about getting it wrong.It started off as a wonderful visit, the cashier was lovely and the other employees I passed offered help with my hands which were full. When my food came up, which took forever I might add, a piece of my order was missing - my sandwich... when I raised the question after placing the other food down, the girl rolled her eyes and told me "we don't have that" in a rude tone. She did not offer to fix it, I had to initiate that I wanted it fixed and it made her even more mad. Once we figured it out she glared at me and as I said thank you, she scoffed. I received my food under toasted and with two things wrong on the sandwich. I tried to smile through this but it was plain irritating. I've been to this Panera before and have had positive experiences - this experience makes me not want to come back to this location.I'm surprised to see negative ratings for this location. I love this Panera. I usually order ahead and my food is always waiting for me. And I have had many positive experiences with the staff.
Paula BTI came to this Panera a week or two ago and I had a pretty bad experience. My sandwich was made wrong, it took 30 minutes for my food to come out and I was then given attitude by a staff member.
However, I decided to come back and give them a second chance. They definitely improved since I was last there. 
First, this location is located right next to The Madison Condominiums and is conveniently located on City Line Avenue.
The outside of this venue is great. It has outdoor seating under umbrellas. I have never seen that at a Panera before! 
I came in and was greeted by ordering kiosks. I decided to test that out and I decided to order a bagel and cream cheese, a smoothie and a brownie. I requested that the bagel was cut and it come with regular cream cheese. They definitely did all of that correctly! 
Also, it seems as if they saw my prior review and/or received other feedback about the wait time and orders being messed up. They now have a staff member at the area where the food comes up. She makes sure everyone has all their items. She was also really nice. 
I appreciate restaurants that can take feedback! I will return!This Panera is so convenient and the people working there have been very welcoming. Plus the addition to order from the iPad is great when you are on the go. They make picking up orders really simple.My wife ordered a salad before going to work but the salad is stolen, so is her mood!I dont know man. Every time I come to this location my order is never ready. I order ahead of time, order rapid pick up, order from the kiosk. Yet I still wait at least ten minutes before I receive my food. Today I order a drink and a pastry. At 1252. It's 1:02 right now and I'm still waiting. Safe to say I spend my whole lunch break in Panera bread at least twice a week. I guess I'm a glutton for punishment because i keep going back. But not this time. I think this is it. The cashiers are always nice however, this is it!Stopped by for a snack. Service was extremely rude, like I was annoying them.
Coffee was weak. Great location, but will be driving by it..would be nice if that place will serve cleaner bowls and plates. got my Mac and cheese bowl with some unwanted substance in it,which appear to be salad leftovers. stuff needs to be nicer too.Like many City Avenue establishments, the customer service here is sub par which is a shame because they have a clean and comfortable dining area and tasty sandwiches for lunch.  As I was leaving today one of the kitchen staff firmly commanded me to place my empty plate in the "correct" disposal location instead of on the counter where their orders are delivered. She had a sink directly behind her could have easily said "Thank you" and put the plate in the sink or asked one of her coworkers to do it.  I was a bit stunned as my immediate thoughts were: "I don't work here lady, AND I'm the customer, you should be helping me! Not the other way around."
Managers, please instruct your staff to be more courteous with your customers if you want us to ever return.Orders are always late and wrong. Some of the workers are rude and unprofessional. I came to the register to pay and she asked me if I have a Panera card and I said yes. She asked me for my phone number and she surprised me with her reaction and she very angry  said you don't have one. I told her I get my coffee every day and I do have a Panera card, she rumbled and shut the register and shout for another worker to come and help me out. I was literally standing very shocked. I didn't know what to do or how to make her show some respect for god sake. Since then, I hated all the Panera Bread with this unpleasant experience.This is the coolest Panera I've been to. It"s prettty big, they have payment kiosks and since it's new, everyone is really friendly. I just found my new homework spot.This location is new, spacious and located in a convenient spot. However, the customer service is BRUTAL!!!
This location is located right next to The Madison Condominiums and is conveniently  located on City Line Avenue.
The outside of this venue is great. It has outdoor seating under umbrellas. I have never seen that at a Panera before! 
I came in and was greeted by ordering kiosks. I decided to test that out and I decided to order their avocado BLT, a smoothie and a cookie. I customized my order to replace the mayonnaise with mustard and to remove the avocado. However, when my order came in it had mayonnaise and avocado. 
When waiting for my order I expected it to come within 5-10 minutes. However, after 20 minutes my food was not out. I asked the staff member for a time estimate and she said "10-15 more minutes." She even said it as if that was usual. Are you serious!? It took 30 minutes for my food to come up and when it did nobody said anything like "Sorry for the delay." 
I will return in the future and re-evaluate them. I hope they improve upon their customer service by than.I've gone to this Panera several times for lunch, both takeout and dine-in. If you like Panera Bread, this place is great. The food has always been great, I've never had a to-go order be late or incorrect.
One issue is that there's rather limited seating if you're dining in. A lot of students use this place to study, so you can have a hard time finding a place to sit if you're holding a tray of food.This Panera has terrible service. It's takes 20 minutes to make a hot beverage and they get the order wrong 50% of the time. I don't recommend if you are on any kind of a schedule.Came to the City Line location.  Other than a strange experience with a weird customer, enjoyed this place.  They have touch screens to order.  Food is fresh and pretty good.  My grandson, Lenny, loves It here.  Got a soup bowl and smoothie.  Loves the bread here.Wait time is too long.
Always out of something or other.
No one wipes down outdoor seating after it rains.My experience in this panera is getting worst and worst. Its pretty close to my house so its convenient to order from them either online or in store. But Last couple of times they messed up my order each time so I'm not gonna make that mistake again. First I ordered online for a pick up for the day after and by the end of the day they called me that they won't have my order ready cause they are out of stock. Same thing happened again with another online order next time and they didn't have my order when I went for pick and said we ran out them. Like seriously whats the point of online ordering if you don't stack them!?!
And then yesterday I ordered a chipotle egg avocado wrap, there was nothing in there but chicken and cheese. No egg no spinach no nothing. Not gonna order from them anymore and so disappointed.The service here is horrific. You wait 30 minutes to get served the wrong food. No customer service skills what so ever. Walk in employees on their phone and then get upset when your standing at the counter waiting to be served. Please someone get control of this establishment.This is a brand new location so I expected perfection!  We walk in and were wowed by the new kiosks.  So we thought we would give those a try.  Well someone spilled a sticky drink under them.  It was there for so long it was dried up and just a sticky mess.  How does that not get mopped up?  
Kudos to the girl who fulfilled my order for trying to make good out of a really crappy situation. They were out of baguettes....and rolls....really?  Panera NO Bread.  I honestly felt bad for your employees. Shame on management. At least the nice girl who fulfilled our order offered us every bread on the shelf.It was fine. They forgot one of my items I ordered and they were out of scrambled eggs at 10am. Plenty of places to sit.When their today to pick up breakfast for work. I Parked my car and it was snowing so I walk to the  Restaurant door and they had a sign on the door saying that the store is close because they didn't have any electric and they will be open soon sorry for the inconvenience.Not cleaning. Leaking soda machine. Below standard Panera. Will not return. No one here. Bagel served in a bag not on a plate.Slowest Panera Ever. 20 minutes for 2 coffee drinks!? People with their food that were in line after me got their hot food before me. It's a shame the Panera is in a great location terrible service.Love this location! The manager (I think in training) Zach S is so awesome! Such a positive attitude and always makes sure my order comes out correct. Can't wait to go back!Attention attention people this is not going to become a norm for 20/20 you're not going to train the public to accept this bad behavior this is a very pissed-off customer and I'm not going to go for it somehow you people have found your way into one of my favorite stores Panera Bread with your bad behavior and this is not going to be tolerated they absolutely are crazy at this location nobody man's the register these people are like ghetto as they can be no professionalism every single one of them has a tattoo which is not a problem you can have that as long as you have good manners to go with it this is truly a disaster a danger zone already I see two stars on this location and its really really disturbing who's ever the area manager or regional manager please step up and do something about this thank youWorst panera experience ever.
1. Waited almost 6minutes at counter no counter staff at 8am finally went to kiosk to order. Kiosk was broken
Was working on it.
He assisted with order but order took another 9-10 minutes to Get the food. The window service was not great in fact my Friend had to wait at least 10 minutes after I got my food and her order was wrong.
Definitely the worst Panera experience I have ever had.
I mean the kiosk concept is good but the staff was very unorganized and frustrating.
I will avoid this location on future visits.I received the most horrible service and will not be returning.  I asked the two young ladies to toast my grilled cheese more, one of the became aggressive and was very rude. I do not have to spent my money where, I'm treated poorly.Where do I begin! I really love the spicy Thai chicken salad. When I order, I ALWAYS add extra chicken, extra wontons, and extra peanut and vinaigrette sauce. Because let's face it, 2 dressings for a "whole salad" is not enough.  I do order at least twice a week and my order is $17 and change. I do not mind paying for what I enjoy. What I do not enjoy is receiving my salad and there is no apparent extra chicken, mostly always NO wontons! I have called corporate many times with the same complaint over and over. My last complaint to corporate was yesterday, September 12, 2019. I only ordered a half salad this time, which I have done in the past. When I order a half it still comes on a bowl just half the portion. The price for a half with my extras is $13 and change. I received my order yesterday and when I say a child would not have been full of this salad, a child would not have been full. For $13 and change I want to see where my food is. I called and requested they pick the salad up and refund my money because not only the size of the salad but once again, it was not correct! I spoke with "Jackie" who was the supposed manager and her reply to me was, "I am not obligated to refunding your money over the phone since you paid with a debit card and I do not have any available drivers to pick it up". Um, excuse me, but that is the ONLY option to pay online is with a credit/debit card! She told me she needs the actual card so I would have to come in person. Okay, you can debit my account in 5 seconds online but you need my card in person to credit my account. Welp, I opted once again to call Corporate and they are as fucked up as City Avenue Panera. These clowns are talking about it can take up to 30 days to credit my account back. You have definitely lost my business at this location!!!!  PS...I had to choose a star in order to pist, however,  this location gets a minus 100 in my opinion!!!Wow, this place has reached an all time low I didn't know was possible for Panera Bread. Not only was the food horrible (under cooked and tasteless), but the service is the worst I have ever seen at any of their locations. I mean the laziness of the employees wasn't due to 1 person, no every single person that worked there was obviously miserable and didn't want anything to do with helping a customer. 
Please, I beg anyone thinking of coming to this location for a quick bite or out of convenience, don't do it.If I could give them zero stars I would. My son ordered lobster roll. It was $18 dollars and not edible!! Soggy bread and covered in mayonnaise. Tasted terrible. When I complained, they were very unresponsive and unkind. Finally the manager said she would refund my money. She took my credit card but the money never got refunded to my account. 
Don't go there. Have never had an experience like this in a Panera before.This location is super convenient because it is near my apartment complex, but sometimes I am really disappointed by Panera's presentation at this location. I often order my food to go on the screens in the front. Usually these work pretty well but one of these are broken at a given time.
Every time I come home and open up my food, it usually looks kind of haphazard. I usually get a turkey sand which on cranberry bread with apple slaw.. and when I opened the sandwich when I got home it looked a mess and was so hard to eat. It tasted fine, just looked unappealing. I ordered the you pick 2 and the autumn harvest soup was just kind of odd yesterday because it was a thinner consistency than normal. Once again, tasted ok but still a little off.
I'm sure a lot of this has to deal with the volume of clients they have in this spot. Usually i never wait more than 10 minutes for my food to go, sometimes it's shorter or longer depending on the time of day. But the food just looks a mess and unappealing. I would just expect this when you go to this location. Otherwise, it's pretty much an experience you'd expect at a Panera.Went in to pickup my order on 10/11/2020 and was horrified to see the employee filling the bags in the kitchen had his mask pulled down, completely exposing his mouth and nose. Another employee was bagging bagels from the bakery with his mask pulled down and nose exposed.  I confronted the cashier (who was at least wearing his mask) about this, and he said there was nothing he could do... This is absolutely unacceptable and puts all Panera customers at risk. We ended up throwing our food out, given the risk of COVID contamination. What a waste.I ordered $80 of pastries and bagels 2 days in a row for a meeting. I ordered rapid pick up. 
Both days they were not ready and I waited at least 20 minutes. They did not have all I ordered on line and substituted. They had no plates to give me. No plastic forks my staff ate muffins with a butter knife....The only utensil they had. They had no coffee cups and the employee went to the back room for 15 minutes looking for cups. In the meantime no one was at the counter and the line grew and grew. They had no butter.... the manager told the customer in front of me they were going to run to the store to get some if he wanted to wait!!  Do not order catering and do not be in a hurry.Whatever you get, don't buy the lobster rolls!! They charged $18 for a lobster roll where there are only this much of meat in it! It's way fewer than before. And when i ask them they said they "re portioned" it. I mean u can almost get a full lobster at costco with that amount of money. Panera bread is just getting worse and worse.Consistently good food and good service. I really like their Fuji apple chicken salad.Ordered through the website for delivery. Waited 30 minutes longer than estimated, and then the app said my food was delivered. However, no delivery attempt had been made. I have now called the store several times to no avail. They have my money and I still have no food. Horrendous service and customer support.I mean. It was right there, I needed coffee and of course they had none ready other than hazel but and decaf. Someone wasn't paying attention to their job. Anyways I waited, and waited for the coffee to be brewed. Finally got it and left. But they need to get it together in this location. It's not clean, and the workers are not very friendly.  Will I return, only if I happen to need a cup of coffee on city ave again. Their coffee is actually better than corner bakery but not better than Whole Foods or Delaney bagels coffee.First Panera I've ever been to that insisted the kids meals were only half a sandwich. We talked to two different staff members about it, even so far as showing them the picture that illustrates a full sandwich with the meal on their very own ordering kiosks, and neither cared. Had to hover people to get tables and left with kids that were still hungry. Ridiculous.This Panera Bread is a great, modern addition to City Avenue, especially in a location that historically has been a restaurant-killer. Perhaps residing within a newly renovated space, located within Presidential City's Madison building, will be the recipe for its success. In all the years I've been in Philly, and even while previously living at Presidential City, I never had the desire to stop in to this location, until Panera opened. It certainly wasn't deserted when I stopped in on a mid-Sunday afternoon!
Being a brand-newly renovated space, it's as modern & clean as a Panera Bread can get. You've got a lot of great windows space to enjoy the City Avenue view, as you are seated in the new tables within the dining area. As you'd expect, a lot of the booths have power plugs for you to assure that your electronics/computers do not run out of juice.
The ordering area greets you as soon as you walk in, and the front counter staff is warm and welcoming. It's sometimes a squeeze to make your way though the people waiting in the food dispensing area, as you go from the front counter and back to the nice drink station. 
I'm bummed that you cannot get pure carbonated water/soda out of the soda fountain, as you can in other Panera locations (I like to have healthy drinks, such as getting the fizz without the sugary/chemical sodas); but they do have a full choice of various flavored teas. 
But other than that, this Panera Bread is a gorgeous space in which to both visit and relax.Didn't like the kiosks...time consuming.
Service is very slow. Waited more than 15mins for a half salad & sandwich.
Place could be overall cleaner.
Pricy and my sandwich bread was burnt.Definitely the worst Panera I've been to (which includes one in Indiana... yikes). It's always grimy, they don't communicate in any way that your order is ready, so you sit and sit and sit... until you finally ask, and they look at you annoyed, and say "it's right here," where it's been sitting since you arrived. Why bother having the whole airport screen tracking system if you don't even try to use it? Staff is not friendly or helpful, it needs a major cleaning, and your order may/may not be correct. How has it lasted this at this standard?I'm not going to say the food was terrible, but the execution of our order was. Ordered 2 pick twos. One was Turkey Bravo, no tomato or special sauce, with broccoli cheddar soup. The other was Roasted Turkey & Avocado BLT with Bistro French Onion soup. First, Turkey Bravo came with tomato and sauce, even though specified we wanted neither. Than the Roasted Turkey & Avocado BLT came with no avocado, which it is is supposed to as the name states. The French onion also came with no croutons. Panera Bread in general seems to be going downhill. Ordered from a different one last week and they messed up the order. It seems to be a recurring and common theme between all of the locations. Done ordering from Panera. Support small businesses, ones where they actually care about the product they put out because they want customers to come back.I love Panera, I've visited countless locations across the country & never had a bad experience. I'm sad this location has such horrible reviews. I had an excellent experience here recently. This location is near my job and I only get 30 mins for lunch so I ordered on the app for pick up. This is a busy Panera but my food was ready when I arrived, and made exactly how I requested it. I sometimes forget that it's called Panera BREAD, man the bread is soooo good. I had a salad that came with a yummy baguette, and a free almond croissant AND bagel from app rewards. Everything was delicious and my cashier was extra nice. I'll be back here for sure very soon.Kitchen staff wearing masks which don't cover their
Noses. Young lady at register complained that her glasses fog up if she wears the mask over her nose. Try a bandaid at the top of nose area on mask!!My wife and I ordered take out for the first time and it was the worst Panera experience I've ever had. To start things off, I opened the wrapping and I was surprised at what I saw. A sandwich that looked like it was crafted by a child with underdeveloped fine motor skills. So much Mayonnaise it was falling out the sides and smothered on the top and bottom. 
After I got done cleaning off my soggy sandwich, I  took my first bite and realized they got my order wrong. I ordered the Roasted Turkey & Avocado BLT and that was definitely not what I received. There was no avocado, no bacon, and chicken instead of turkey. #Fail 
My wife ordered the turkey bacon bravo and It wasn't any better. She unwrapped her sandwich and found the same sad and soggy scene. They also forgot to give her a side of bread. She got tired of the mess and gave up halfway through.  
Soooo.... Definitely don't check out this Panera, unless you want a sloppy soggy sandwich made by the chefs little brother.Both times I came to this Panera I was highly displeased. They rush to make the food and it comes out sloppy. The first time I ordered a meal for myself and 3 friends using the rapid pick up. Once we got home two of the meals were made wrong, and one of the smalls salads had literally 3 pieces of lettuce and the container was half empty. The sandwiches had the materials falling out of it and it was very hard to eat. Most recently, I gave them another chance and went yesterday. I ordered a panini that was supposed to come with spinach and there was literally one cloves of spinach. 
If you frequent Panera do NOT visit this location because you do not get the same service as other locations.The Kitchen attendant was very rude she had a bad attitude acted like she did not enjoy her job The service is consistently slow here every time we come, 11 minutes to get a cookie off the shelfWe've been here many times and always found it to be clean efficient , however today the girl that took our order was rude and poor at her job. There were only 6 or 8 people in there store and it took 25 mins to get a sandwich. And she never gave us our quiche, and when we asked for it she was put out that we were bothering her ?
The restrooms were dirty at 730 am 
And the tables were not wiped off 
Not a pleasant exp: today !!!Stopped here for a quick breakfast and was disappointed with the lack of COVID precautions. I sat at a table outside and there was NO sanitizing whatsoever. No employee was outside monitoring the outdoor area so tables were not 6 feet apart and no one was wiping the tables after each guest left. There was also one employee indoors who was wearing his mask below his nose. I will not be going back to this location.TERRIBLE! 
UNORGANIZED!
LACK OF MANAGEMENT!
Stopped by this beautiful Saturday morning,it was  fairly empty inside. Placed an order for 2 green passion smoothies at 10:54, several food AND drink orders that were placed after were ready before ours. @ 11:09 the ONE guy making drinks with the ONE blender they supposedly have began to make our smoothies. 
I must say the smoothie was awesome,but it's awesome at every panera! This review is for this particular location. Other patrons complained that they ALWAYS wait excessive times for just a beverage. Ridiculous, they need a more efficient system.
Word to management: Do Better.This is just about the worst thing that could happen at a restaurant. Went to use the men's room before placing my order. There was absolutely no soap in there whatsoever. I asked for a manager. I was nothing but calm and quite, just wanted to be certain to express serious concern with the person running the store. The lady in charge walked up to me in a very unfriendly manner. I told her how I'm reluctant to order sandwiches after seeing that there was no soap in the men's room. She rolled her eyes, said they don't need it in the bathroom because there's some in the kitchen already. Anyone who has worked in the fast food industry knows how incredibly important it is for employees to wash their hands BEFORE leaving the bathroom. I wasn't about to order food from a restaurant whose floor manager doesn't know that and enforce that. The one star is well deserved because they could easily be getting people very sick.Great service and scones. Love their coffee and Asian chicken salad. Store is clean and nice.Ok--now having visited a few times-I feel good about leaving a review!  I want to say-I was not a customer of Panera prior to it being at this location-that being said (this location is the kiss of death for businesses-so I was giving it a few months before I went in because I didn't want to get attached...lol)
I was overwhelmed by the whole system of kiosks the 1st few go around--now I just go to the cashier!  The cashiers are friendly enough-but overall wait time on to-go food is longer than I appreciate!
The food is ok--I like the soups!  But I do feel that the food is priced a lil on the high side to just be 'ok'?  Is it me?!? 
Well--let's see how it goes-will they last?I really like the yogurt parfaits but they rarely have it. The staff is nice and it is clean though.The kitchen attendant was very rude she had a bad attitude acted like she did not enjoy her job.