I've had multiple crepes from here & all have been 5 stars! Authentic Italian crepes here in 'Merica! The Greek gyro is for sure a must try on the menu. It's an art watching the guys built their creations.Great place. The owner is first class and watching the crew at work is worth the wait for your delicious crepe.  Sweet, Savory, Breakfast all are fantastic.  Bon Appetit!Came here with a friend and got a savory crepe I think it was chicken with broccoli and other goodies hahahah I thought it was good! It was pretty good and filling :) Just reading from other reviews..I didn't have any problems with the waitress hehe we knew her. I guess it's just a good place to go if you are craving for crepes since there isn't anywhere around campus in University City (at least of what I know of)Solid crepe place. Not packed during brunch it seems, so nice for a relaxing low key brunch with friends if you're looking to change up things.I wouldn't go here. Even after giving it several attempts at Penn, I'm always disappointed. One time I found a chicken bone in my crepe, another the cook refused to remake my food after adding cheese. The cook always seems upset and the wait time is incredibly long. The crepes are hefty in size but also dripping wet.Just now, I was about to have a friend meet me here because it sounded like a yummy place,  but when I got here, the guy behind the counter bellowed out to a customer "Ma'am, I just want you to know that was rude of you...you're supposed to ASK." 
I'm not even gonna try this place and that guy needs to get fired. -To that very rude guy behind the counter: Way to make a first impression, a-hole! You shouldn't be dealing with the public!This little set up in the basement of Houston Hall has exceptional and well-priced fare. During a recent excursion there, my friend and I ordered a savory crepe (Buffalo Chicken + hot sauce + jalapenos) and a sweet crepe (mixed fruit including strawberries, bananas, blackberries and blueberries+ Nutella).  Both were extremely flavorful but not overwhelmingly greasy or sweet.  It's always fun watching the chef expertly spread the batter on the immense skillet and deftly stuff the crepes to the point of explosion. The portion sizes are massive so you'll always have some to enjoy later. All the savory crepes come with some vegetables as well. The crepe itself was soft and chewy, although it quickly becomes inundated, but not soggy, with the sauce of the filling. All in all, this is a great place although I imagine during peak times of the day and school year it might be rather busy. Finally, the cashier was very friendly and chatted to us about other places to check out in the city.Great place to go to if you're in the mood for a sweet or savory crepe.
Each day of the week has some kind of special discount, so be sure to look at the menu to see if you can get an already affordable crepe for even cheaper. All of the savory crepes come with a very large helping of vegetables and meat, so you're sure not to go hungry afterwards. 
I've tried almost all of the savory crepes here, and the only dish I didn't really enjoy was the one that contained lamb and greek yogurt. The whole dish was entirely too dry, and there wasn't enough yogurt to balance the dish out. All of the other savory crepes here are fantastic though, and if you want recommendations, try the Chicken Pesto, the Buffalo Chicken, or the Meatball crepe.
I don't usually get the sweet crepes here because I normally don't eat dessert, but I've tried them before and they're pretty good if you have a sweet tooth.
The only thing that I don't really like about this creperie is the actual crepe itself. It seems a lot thicker than the other crepes I've had, and it's dryer and chewier than I would like it to be. This is kind of understandable though because they need the crepe to be strong enough to withstand the sheer amount of vegetables, sauce, and meat they stuff into each one.
The employees working here are very nice and efficient, although one of the cooks is incredibly talkative. It's nice sometimes to talk to him while you're waiting for your crepe, but it can also get kind of annoying when all you're interested in is getting your crepe and getting on with your day.
Overall, fantastic place to fill your stomach if you're looking for a hearty and savory crepe.Overall: Overrated.
It's not like I didn't like this place, I just might have seen so many more better crepes in my life. I've only had savory crepes here, so here's the breakdown.
The good:
- Lots of vegetables and meats, quite a big portion and worth the money. I especially like how well-cooked the vegetables were.
- They take credit cards, which is often the savior of the day (I get cash specifically to buy food - why else would you ever carry any with you?)
The bad:
- The crepe itself. For a creperie that misspells Paris (what else is it supposed to be?) and which calls their mustard sauce Dijon (it's delicious but certainly no actual Dijon mustard), Pari Cafe doesn't surprise with a mere average crepe. Certainly the whole point of these crepes are the fillings, but I think a crepe should be able to stand for itself. I couldn't actually care less whether this is authentic or not - pancakes come in so many different shapes, and many of them are delicious. But this one would be inedible with just sugar and cinnamon - the batter is way too thick and the borders are still not crispy enough.
- Overcooked chicken. Chicken breast is easy to overcook, I suppose, but if it wasn't for the vegetables and the sauces, I will have to wonder whether you can eat this without drinking any water.
- Service is... okay.The guys behind the counter are a hoot, and they whip up some fine, generous crepes.  Due to my sweet tooth, I always order a banana crepe--easy on the nutella!  Light, yet filling enough for a daytime treat.The BEST crepes I have ever had! I've been to Paris and even their crepes don't compare (crazy right?!). I've been here many times over a few years and never get tired of the crepes here. My favorite is the banana, strawberry, nutella. It's so delicious and always fills me up. Their zesty salsa is also a favorite and they load it with vegetables so can't complain there. They have lots of options from sweet to savory and even breakfast items (which I have yet to try). The crepes always taste fresh and flavorful.  The people are friendly and if you want to change your crepe a little, they will gladly do it. It's great for lunch or dinner and nothing beats the cozy, quiet atmosphere of Houston Hall. The creperie is really a hidden gem that unfortunately many people do not know about. For $6, you definitely get your money's worth!I've been patronizing this establishment for over 10 years. Great food, friendly service. A hidden gem to those not familiar with the university city area.Super large crepes- chicken with honey mustard has pretty good flavors, but crepe itself is a bit overdone and thick.  Being a big fan of crepes, I've experienced MUCH better.  However, for someone who doesn't really eat crepes, they'd probably not be able to tell the difference.  Had a dessert nutella crepe which tasted a bit burnt and was not as crunchy on the outside as I like.  However, for a filling dinner that's quick and easy, this does the job.  Convenient location for a student, but crepe recipe could definitely be changed.  Also, experienced some oddly rude service from the chef who didn't seem to know how to treat customers.It was here, at Pari Caf, that I had my first introduction to the wonderful world of stuffed crepes. They have every flavor imaginable from dessert crepes stuffed with apples and cinnamon to crepes for dinner, filled with meat and broccoli. The service is fast but, during the school year, it sometimes gets a bit congested. If you haven't had a Pari Caf crepe... put it on your to eat list.I'd heard about the storied crepe truck on campus, but I never actually went to check it out. I was in Houston Hall the other day, and I decided to try it out, now that it had moved to a storefront in Houston. The line wasn't too bad (likely because it was after graduation), and it moved quickly -- it was way longer waiting for the food after I had put my order in. 
A honey-dijon chicken crepe and a small soda cost about $8.50, which, while not exorbitant, is not particularly cheap either. When I opened the to-go container, I was greeted by a sloppy mess, albeit a delicious mess. The crepe was monstrously large and overflowing with chicken, vegetables, and sauce. Literally, it would have been inedible had I not gotten a knife and fork. I ate about 1/3 of the crepe and was full -- it was seriously mammoth. All in all, it was good, but I wouldn't say memorable.
With all of the good lunch choices on campus and Magic Carpet a couple of blocks away, I probably won't be running back here.it was kinda tricky to find this place since i never step foot inside houston hall. but i'm glad i took the time to search for it. a supersized crepe for about $6-7?? one honey dijon chicken crepe, s'il vous plait. merci beaucoup! i've had better crepes in paris, sure. but those were 6-7 euros and not nearly as huge.Crepes are a little burnt but at least they give you tons of toppings--for $5, it probably weighed close to 2 pounds! Its cheap, so don't expect anything too fancyI ordered a simple crepe with Nutella ($4.50), and was overall pretty disappointed. You get a huge portion for your money, but a massive amount of Nutella in a thick, soggy crepe is not the most appetizing. There was easily half a jar of Nutella in my crepe, and every bite was just a huge mouthful of it. I do love Nutella, but the crepe itself kind of ruined it. The crepe was bland with little texture.  On a good note, I arrived right before noon on a weekday and there was no wait.If I'm anywhere near the Philadelphia area I try and stop by this place to get one of my all-time favorite eats which is the Dijon chicken crepe. 
Although they have many crepe options on the menu I can say that I've only had two crepes here and other than Dijon chicken I can't even remember what the other one was. 
The mix of chicken, vegetables, and sauce makes for a great meal at a great price. 
I attended college in the area and used to love visiting this place and as stated make a point of eating here whenever I'm in the area. 
In addition to the great crepe the guys behind the counter are awesome! 
I once got there at their scheduled opening time and the gentlemen who was supposed to open got there a few minutes late - he apologized profusely (it didn't bother me much) and would not allow me to pay for the crepe (he was also making the crepes).  That's just one example of my positive interactions with these folks! Great operation!This place is my Achilles heel! They have everything that you are looking for: great food, great prices, great taste, and great fresh variety! I can guarantee you that if you go here once, you will come again as there are so many options of Crepes to choose from. The staff is awesome and they love to have conversations with their customers. Watching these guys put together a Crepe is nothing short of artwork...oh I almost forgot; as if I didn't eat enough calories here already, I just discovered they have SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM giddy up!!!5 stars for incredible service, amazing value, and fresh ingredients. If you're in or around Penn's campus, student or not, you should definitely make an effort to give this place a try. It's the perfect lunch or treat-yo-self dessert.
For starters, there is nothing on the menu that costs more than $8, and that's honestly a steal given the size and amount of goodness shoved into these monster, fresh-made crepes. Sweet or savory, they've got you covered. I was craving a hearty, cheap lunch. Something tasty, but packed with protein and veggies. I ordered the Greek Lamb with Tzatziki, packed filled with melty mozzarella cheese, and seared mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, and broccoli, topped with a feta spread. Boom. 
It was massive and heavy! I could only eat about half of it, and even that was a struggle. Not a bad deal for essentially getting two whole meals (holla for a leftover, honey boo boo). The crepe was tasty and filling, and you get to watch it being made! The level of flavor and freshness is out of this world, and to top it off, the guys who run this place are so friendly, helpful, and quick. If you're unsure of what to order, they will help guide you. I was (very easily) convinced to give the lamb a try, and I'm so glad I did - so juicy and tender and meshed beautifully with the fresh veggies, cheese, and tzatziki sauce.
I'm definitely keen to try their sweet crepes, filled and topped with any combination of fruit, Nutella, chocolate sauce, or sweet you could imagine (even cheese cake!!!!) I saw some other customers walk away with these, and there was no hiding my envy.
If you ARE Penn student, faculty or staff (including HUP), be sure to carry your ID here, because you may just happen to pop in on one of the discount days. They offer specials 7 days a week, and at least three of those specials involve a discount with the presentation of a Penn or HUP ID.how is it possible that i, for one, who made a simple getaway from sunny california, am the one writing a review of something that is SO FREAKIN POPULAR within the UPenn campus? come on... are you kidding? ask ANYONE who's been to UPenn and ask, "you know those crepes you guys have on campus?" BINGOOOOOOO!!!
this crepe place started off as a truck nearby campus, but it was sooo dinkin popular that it made a spot for itself inside UPenn's campus.
it was 2001, when my friend, who graduated at UPenn in 1997, who was raving about the MUST DOs and MUST EATS at Philly... "o, don't forget the philly cheesesteak @ XXX (sorry guys, i forget where it was)! o, omg, don't forget to try these crepes they have in the cafeteria at UPenn..." 
must say, they are BOMB! 
Pros:
-lots of variety
-long wait, yet line goes so fast
-reasonable prices with the amount and size of the crepe alone(remember, you are in a college setting... welcome back in becoming a student again!)
-friendly staff
Cons:
-only located in Philly
-too far from LA.
-too far from SF.
-only located in Philly.
(yes guys, i know, i'm repeating myself...)
a sweet crepe with a sweet touch of nutella with strawberries and much much more will satisfy you and your dog for the rest of the week. satisfaction guaranteed!Although not an authentic crêpe, they are certainly huge and made fresh before your eyes.  Located in Houston hall, this student oriented food stand has a lot of variety and good value.  The guy working on this Tuesday morning was a genuine character who was refreshing to chat with in a stuffy Ivy League climate. 
I don't know if I'll go out of my way to go back, but I'm sure the students here frequent this place often.Campus favorite.
I haven't come here in a while and this past weekend made me realize how much I missed it. Originally a food truck, the popularity was too much for the business so they decided to move into Houston Hall, a student center.
You won't be disappointed by the service, the servings, or the food. The savory crepes are a great lunch option and they have tons of choices (pesto, salsa, honey mustard, etc) and I'm always stuffed afterwards. I would suggest splitting the sweet crepes because they can be too much, even for the biggest sweet-tooths. If you're looking to go big, try the Fred's Special, a combination of basically every sweet crepe on the menu. It's a challenge, but the whole time eating it, you will feel like you're in heaven. I can't promise how you'll feel after the fact haha.We were early for a college tour, and the regular restaurant in the basment was closed (spring break).  Lucky break for us.  We found the crepes, and since it was early, the owner was just setting up.   We asked about breakfast crepes and he said if we don't mind waiting a few minutes, he'd get them as soon as he could.  Forty five minutes till our tour, so we said sure, take your time. It didn't take long, and they were delicious. The only problem was that they were too big.  Lots of fruit, thin tasty crepe, what's not to like.
I did see some of the posts on here saying he was rude.  I think he's a great guy.  Opinionated and outspoken, but honest and straighforward. Noting wrong with that.  We had a nice discussion about the college, crepes and everything else while he was getting the kitchen ready.  Overall a delightful experience.
Now my daughter wants to go to Penn.  At least I know she won't starve.
Oh, he takes all credit cards, but prefers Visa or Mastercard.  Or cash.Been all over the world and these are the best crepes you'll find! Cheesecake n berries sweet and caesar chicken savory are my favorites. Order a few to share with the homiesI've tried a number of the crepes here, and overall, I would say they are satisfactory. Definitely not authentic French crepes or anything, but they're a filling but affordable meal if you're on Penn's campus. I usually can't even finish a whole one for a meal.
Of the sweet crepes, if you like cheesecake, I would definitely recommend getting one of the ones that has cheesecake in it. I also really enjoy the strawberry/nutella ones. I've tried a number of the turkey and chicken savory crepes, and all of them are good when they're hot - they do get soggy if you keep them for later.Don't come here expecting authentic crepes. You will be disappoined, I promise.  Do come here expecting a huge amount of food stuffed inside a pancake. The Creperie is the epitome of finals-week fuel. Huge portions, healthy (if you order right - or decadent if you order *really* right), and cheap. I like the vegetable omelette (around $6), which is exactly what it sounds like - a giant omelette made with fresh veggies tucked inside a crepe. Be forewarned that for some inexplicable reason there's always excess liquid in the omelette that makes the crepe soggy. I soak it up with a napkin before it can do too much damage. Clearly we're talking "fine dining" here.Solid crepe.  I usually get #11, a savory crepe with chicken and salsa.  University employees get a percentage off on Mondays and they have discounts for HUP/CHOP employees on at least one day a week, as well.  They accept credit cards for purchases over $5.Very disappointed in myself for only trying the place recently, despite being a student at Penn for two years now. This place is really quite awesome. The crepes are made fast, they're huge, and the ingredients are great. Definitely worth trying once, although right now I am under the impression that this spot is a better value than the food carts (even if it cost a little more).
To round this out, I got the Buffalo crepe on a whim since it happened to be the daily special (you save $1 on particular crepes on any given day). They filled it with chicken, blue cheese, various vegetables, and I believe tomato sauce. Do recommend.Line was long as previously mentioned, went with the grilled chicken & honey mustard with whole wheat crepe and was not disappointed (maybe I didn't have to get ALL the veggies, I think the broccoli and ish didn't pair too well, as much as I love broccoli). The three of us were just barely able to finish half of our lunch so we kinda forgot to get dessert...but at least we had dinner squared away.Seating is in a common area with mostly students, mix of old architecture and dated collapsible furniture and straight back chairs lol
They have starbucks coffee which was great for us drivers on the way back to NJ and the salads I saw some  people take out looked huge and fresh. 
 Next time I definitely have to get the NY Cheesecake crepe with raspberry syrup and seasonal fruit :DThe best thing about these crepes are their large sizes and the convenience for students who frequent Houston hall. Personally, I think the sweet crepes are much more delicious than the savory, but it's too big (at least for me) to eat so much sugar by myself in one sitting. The savory crepes are a solid meal, but in my opinion, the taste vacillates depending on the sogginess of the veggies. Overall, it's nothing fancy but the food is good overall and there's usually plenty of space to eat around Houston hall. 
Heads up for Penn students, they don't take dining dollars!Favorite creperie I've ever been to!
The savory crepes are delicious and the dessert crepes are divine! Every crepe is huge and stuffed with great ingredients. The sauces are super tasty and the variety is endless.
We love this place so much that we bring everyone there when they're visiting the area. Sure it's just a students hall counter service place but the food is awesome!
The employees are always smiling and friendly and pretty fast! Great for dining on a budget and for something different.I've been here a few times and I have tried both their sweet and savory crepes. Service is quick and the cashiers are very friendly! I have tried the strawberry banana Nutella, grilled chicken with honey mustard, and buffalo chicken style crepes there. The least I can say about this location is that they are VERY GENEROUS with their ingredients. 
The crepes are filled with flavor, and the first bite is all inclusive of the ingredients that compose the crepe.  There is plenty of everything: vegetables, proteins, sauce, fruits, you name it! (Depending on the crepe you order of course) 
Everything is prepared right in front of you via an open kitchen, from the technique they use to disperse the crepe batter to garnishing. It is bestowed onto awaiting customers as soon as the item is ready. The crepe is hot and crispy and the ingredients are cooked perfectly.  My personal preference is for the savory crepes, only because I don't have much of a sweet tooth. I like to eat the end first (pointed part) to accommodate the avalanche of sauce these crepes appear with.  The filling is dispersed well as each bite contains a little bit of something. Very balanced. 
All in all, I have not had a single bad food experience for the multiple times I have been here. Definitely recommend to university city dwellers!Are you serious? Some people actually gave this a 3 stars? Are you friggin serious? Smh..
Me and my buddies went out to this place on Halloween noon after we finished watching Paranormal Activity 2. Yepp.. we went watching it @ 2:40pm.. bunch of scaredy cats :p I am one of them ahahah..
It is located inside the Houston Hall on UPENN, which is kinda cool for me.
Anyway, we ordered pretty much different things. But all of us go with savory crepes. We went there hungry. Since all of us never tried it.. we didn't know what to expect. Our friend Dave W, said it's cheap and good. Apparently he only read it off the internet? (not yelp) lol...
So I ordered Roast Beef with steak sauce crepe. For $6.97 after the tax, you got this HUGE savory crepe filled with yummy-ness. I'm not kidding. Oh and you will have a min or two real friendly conversations with people who work here. I think it's the owner, he loves to joke around while making our crepes.
We left there full and happy :DPari, how I lurrrrrve thee.  Given the hit-or-miss quality of the food around the Penn campus, this is one place in which I can have confidence that I will get a quality, fresh food dish.  And it is consistently good.
The modular nature of this food and the willingness of the staff to accommodate your needs is what wins us over.  Their menu selections are suggestions--if you want to modify something, say you want an egg white omelette instead of the whole egg on your crepe, they will make it for you.  You can choose as many, or as few, of the fillings as you want, so you can get a truly customized meal.  Just tell them light cheese, extra cheese, light sauce, extra sauce, whatever suits you--and they listen.  Sometimes I get just an egg and cheese crepe and they don't charge full price for those, which is nice.  And if you just want an omelette and no dough, they will fix that too.
You can also choose from three different crepe batters--herb, honey wheat, and hardstone white.  I am a fan of honey wheat myself.
This place is great for a weekend brunch when the waits are short and Houston Hall is quiet.  Given the lack of good breakfast places around the campus, give this a try if you long for something like pancakes.  The crepe batter isn't sweet, but combined with fresh fruits and some sweet sauce like caramel or honey or chocolate makes it come darn close.  Again, the honey wheat is my favorite batter, and paired with the sweet fruit and sauce is so incredibly good.
I will caution vegetarians (as I am one myself) to kindly ask the staff if they will wipe the grill and the little bowls in which they hold the fillings before putting them on the crepe as sometimes meat pieces will get mixed in.  That's really my only complaint, and that's pretty minor overall and easily solvable.  Fruit for the sweet crepes is cut up directly over your freshly cooked crepe batter.
I only wish they also had tofu as a filling option too!  Something like a tofu teriyaki crepe with veggies might be a nice addition to the menu.  Or a veggie burrito crepe with tofu.I recently moved back to Philadelphia, and one of the things that I missed the most when I was gone were the crepes served at Pari in Houston Hall.  I've had crepes in many places in France, but I still like the ones in Houston Hall best.
The crepes are always made fresh from batter in front of you, slightly (but not too) dry and thick - the way I like 'em.  They're never small and always make a nice meal or treat anytime.  The nutella and banana crepe's are incredible.  This place is every bit the kind of Philadelphia landmark that Pat's and Geno's are.I got a basic Nutella banana crepe. It was very big. The crepe part was just ok. Too thick and rubbery. Not horrible enough for me to almost finish it though. 
What wasn't so great was that I walked up 2 hours before closing and he was closing up. The sign said Starbucks coffees, complete with lattes and espresso as well as chai tea lattes, of which he had none.  I believe the man serving me was the owner as he mentioned several times his dissatisfaction with Starbucks Corp.   So...take the sign down. 
At times, I felt like he was doing me a favor, which is not customer friendly.  
Overall, I would not return.The crepes here are huge! I buy one and save half of it for lunch the next day. I work at Penn so I get a 15% discount if I show my ID o.n Monday's. You can get the regular batter, while wheat or herb. The crepes are so tasty and they load then with veggies so you don't feel too guilty. The guys making crepes can be kind of abrupt but I like to believe that they simply try to keep the line moving. It's a great lunch!This is the best creperia in town. The crepes are delicious and  Fred puts on so many toppings. Definitely worth the price. To top that Fred is so skilled and a great cook. Such a nice guy!!!
11/10 would recommend. A must place to go when visiting UPENN or PhillyI used to frequent this Creperie when I was in undergrad, but the prices keep steadily rising that I can't help but dock a star. I remember when I was a freshman, it was $4.50 for sweet and $5.50 for savory crepes. Now it's at almost double that price!
My favorite thing to do is to go with a friend and get one savory, one sweet crepe to split - sometimes the chefs are nice and will cut them in half and put half and half into each box so you don't have to do the work!
I recently got the egg + chicken breakfast crepe, and it was super dry as the chicken is pre-cooked and just reheated with the vegetables when you order. I would recommend getting a chicken crepe that has sauce so it's not as dry (e.g. Caesar, honey mustard, pesto, etc).
I can see why people complain about the service - the main chef/owner(?) can seem a little rough in the edges, but he is just a no BS kind of guy. If you can see past that, you'll find a chatty guy who genuinely seems interested in his customers!
I'm not sure if they still do this, but when I was in undergrad, they would offer free coffee during finals time, which is always a nice gesture to the stressed out Penn students studying forever in Houston Hall. It's unfortunate that they don't take dining dollars, but if that isn't a deterrent for you, I would recommend coming here vs the downstairs Houston Market.This place has been one of my favorite places to eat in Philly for over 10 years, since back when they were still a tiny lunch truck.  Over the years they've kept the recipes the same, and added several more options. A single crepe is a very good size meal, and always fills me up.  The ham with honey dijon is outstanding, as is the chicken Caesar.I just love this place!!!
The crepes are absolutely delicious (and HUGE!!), and the service is perfect!
If you like to try a sweet crepe follow my advice and try the Fred's crepe (catalogue#13 if I am not mistaken), the combination of fruits nutella and cheesecake creme is to die for. 
CAUTION - sweet temptation
DO NOT TRY THIS BY YOURSELF - DIET HAZARD ! ! ! 
share with a friend :-)Let me first say, you get a whole lot of Crepe for your buck, that is for sure!  
Pari Cafe is a little Crepe shop located inside Houston Hall at University of Pennsylvania.  Don't let its size fool you, it has quite a lot to offer.  Don't worry about not having a UPENN ID as I wasn't asked to show anything to get into Houston Hall, at least during business hours. They had a blackboard dedicated to breakfast crepes, savory crepes, and sweet crepes.  We decided to give a sweet crepe a shot, going with #6 (New York cheesecake with mixed berries).  There be a whole lot of crepe with plenty of cheesecake and fruit for $6.50 that came our way after merely a short wait!  And no, it wasn't a quantity for quality trade off, as the fruit was fresh.
My advice, make sure you beat the line (not sure if/when they get lines) as it appears they only have a small cooking area and everything is made to order.  Otherwise, comes hungry and prepare to enjoy!I got a chicken tomato pesto crepe and it was WATERY and messy. The crepe itself was good, but when I opened up the to-go container, this big green blob wrapped in a pancake stared back at me. 
Normally I like my crepes neat, such that I could slice pieces off and keep the contents contained. Not this one...it just got so soggy because of all the liquid. I don't even know what the liquid was from, unless it was the pesto, but pesto isn't supposed to be runny, is it?
All that aside, the flavors were okay and the prices was good.I wish I'd known about this place sooner! I went on a Monday when University employees are given a discount with a Penn ID. I had a breakfast crepe consisting of ham, egg, cheddar cheese, spinach and onions. They piled on all of the fillings (lots of ham!) and it ended up feeding me for two meals. Just reheat in the oven at 250 degrees until cheese bubbles. Service was quick and the employees were nice. I can't wait to go back and try the sweet cheesecake crepes.I totally lived at the lunch truck that started the craze during college, and probably gained 5 lbs. because of it.  The popularity (and some construction next to the gym) prompted Penn to have these guys move into Houston Hall (34th and Spruce Sts.) a few years ago.  It's actually nicer because you don't have to wait in the cold all for your crepe.
You can get all sorts of savory (with meat and/or veggies and/or cheese) or sweet crepes and they're all super yummy and around $7ish last I checked.  The line can get a little crazy around meal times and I think they close around 7pm if not before.  Saturdays are a great time to go.
Even if you're not a Penn student you can get in to this place, though your first time you might want to ask a student for help finding it once you're at 34th and Spruce...I got lost my first time without my trusty Wharton buddy.I have been at Houston hall many times but today was the first time that I tried this place. Surely, this won't be my last.
I ordered a breakfast crepe which I think its portion may be enough for three people. Paying less than 6 dollars, you got a HUGE crepe -- fully stuffed with fresh ingredients. 
This one is far way better and cheaper than the legendary crepe truck on Market street.I love Pari Cafe Creperie!  It was a frequent breakfast location when I was in college.  The sausage, egg, and cheddar breakfast crepe is amazing, and you can get it all day.  Breakfast for dinner is one of my favorite things.  The sweet crepes are awesome too, but they are pretty heavy handed with the ingredients, so it's usually better for me to share a sweet crepe.I've come here a few times and have tried a variety of sweet and savory flavors. My favorite is the mixed fruit with nutella crepe. The crepes here are gigantic that they usually serve me as two meals, but the drawback is that they are soggy and not authentic. If you prefer quantity and don't mind soft crepes, this place is for you.Very affordable, and while the Crepes themselves are not the best in the world, the fillings are all delicious. 
I usually get a breakfast crepe.  The eggs are cooked to order, they use high quality meats, and they fully cook the vegetables. 
Even without the crepe itself, this is cheaper and tastier than getting an omlet downstairs at Houston Hall, and you can get it everyday.One of the best crepes in Philly. The portion sizes are just right for how much you pay. The two gentlemen in there are so nice and friendly. It is one of the "must try".The portions were absolutely huge but I am a person that wants quality over quantity. Service was great . On the beautiful Penn campus but alas the food was just ok . I did not sample the sweet crepes so maybe there is hope .Perfect reason why yelp reviews can't always be trusted. Except this one. This place might have tasty fillings for what is inside the "crepe" but the "crepe" itself is more like a pancake. If you want a quick inexpensive meal for sustenance,come on by but if you are looking for an actual crepe, go into Center City!!Sadly to say, this used to be a great food cart behind the Gimbel Gym.
After they moved into the student union center, though, I've been less impressed with the quality.  The crepes are drier and the toppings inside have less sauce than before... although the sweet crepes are almost alike (aside from the dry crepes).
Usually manage to get one of each of the savory and the sweet, and always ask for extra sauce. A bit more expensive now that they're settled (and no longer three eastern European guys running a cart).
The honey Dijon chicken is probably the best savory, and my favorite sweet is strawberries, bananas and the ever-delicious nutella (so good, yet probably so bad for you! :P).This place is a student favorite. I really like their Fred Special and chicken with honey barbecue sauce. The crepe itself is slightly thick, and depending on how the line that day is the crepe can be slightly undercooked or overcooked. Don't expect grand service from this place. It's just not what this place does.
It's not a place you should go out your way to visit, because I don't think they're authentic crepes anyway, but they're still delicious. Both their savory and dessert crepes are enormous, so if you want to try both make sure you share your dessert crepe with someone else.A creperie in a Houston hall of the University of Pennsylvania... How I came across it, I don't even recall but I'm so happy to have stumbled upon such a place. Hidden in the hall, Pari Creperie looks kind of dingy but it is so beyond the looks. There is a variety of sweet and savory crepes that you can choose from and all deliciously prepared. There is plenty of seating as well outside and parking is a block away and easy to find as well.
I have continually returned here on many trips whenever friends have asked where they can enjoy a satisfying lunch that won't break the bank. A definite yes in my book.One of my favorites on Penn's campus especially if you're on a tight budget like most students. I'm grateful to have this as a staple now because I know I'll be missing it when I graduate. 
You really can't go wrong here since their savory crepes are as equally delicious as their sweet ones. Service is really fast unless there is a huge line which has been a common sight if you go during the lunch hour. Also, you get to watch as your crepe is being made; and they are always generous with fillings almost to the point where there is too much and it becomes one gooey mess (I usually don't mind). One crepe is more than enough as a complete meal. I've eaten their assorted nutella crepes for breakfast/lunch/dinner more than just a handful of times. Nothing wrong with eating sweets for all your meals!This is a hidden gem in Houston Hall that you wish fewer people knew about because of the long lines during lunch time.  My favorite is the chicken/veggie with honey dijon.  6 bucks for a huge and moist crepe stuffed with chicken, veggie, and cheese...what more could you ask for??I've been pleasantly surprised and satisfied upon all of the times I've chosen to order a crepe (or two) from here. It's small and the service can be quite slow, but there usually isn't too much of a line so it doesn't feel too long. The menu is extensive and there's a great mix of sweet and savory options.
I've tried the vegetables with feta cheese and olive oil savory crepe as well as the honey mustard with vegetables crepe. I've also tried a couple of the sweet crepe varities (fred's special with cheesecake bites, the nutella and peanut butter with fruit one, etc.) and all have been extremely tasty. 
It would usually bother me to spend around $7 on a crepe, but the crepes here are GIANT and can easily be portioned into two separate meals. I love how thick the dough batter is (some people prefer thin and light crepes, but I love how almost tough the texture is) and I love how much they truly stuff the inside of the crepe with ingredients. The vegetables with feta cheese and olive oil crepe is flooded with mozzarella cheese and feta cheese, and it is loaded with vegetables. The servers do not skimp on the nutella or chocolate sauce for the sweet crepes either, which I love!
TIP: Ask for whole wheat batter for your crepe! It tastes great and is slightly healthier than the normal!I haven't been on UPenn Campus in 10 years. My daughter was next door at Irvine Auditorium for a Robotics event. UPenn Engineering school was a co-sponsor. Walked into Houston Hall . Lots of changes. I wasn't that impressed with the food court. As my daughter put it "Dad, $9.50 for a Deli sandwhich!"  LOL
 Anyway I was ready to head out for a food truck when I spotted this place upstairs sitting in a corner by itself.  I looked at the menu, then the cooking procedure. My son attended Culinary school. He said they were good-fast and knew what they were doing. We bought a special item, BLT crepe for only $3.95.  It was great! Big fresh. sliced tomatoes, cooked bacon and lettuce leaves. The crepes were made right in front of us. We then found some chairs and a sofa and ate on the same floor. A great experience for my kids and family. My daughter wants to come back and try a dessert crepe, maybe the banana and nutella mix. Great job Guys!!Oh my goodness these crepes are delicious! I recently went in after a friend of mine was raving about them and I was not disappointed! I ordered the Nutella, strawberry, and banana crepe and it was like heaven! The serving size is huge and it only cost me about $7! They seem to have a very large variety of crepes so I am excited to try out some more. They offer a discount for hospital employees so take advantage of that! My only dislike is that the area itself smells very strongly of eggs when the cooks when they're being cooked so if you're sensitive to scent and don't want your clothes to smell like it then go later in the afternoon. Other than that I love it here!Although these aren't Parisian style crepes (which are thinner, lightly sweet and less dense), this place does a good job of creating a thicker version which I might like better for holding multiple toppings! Crepes are well priced for the size and amount of toppings for sure. Recently, I've had the gyro crepe and the nutella/banana/strawberry crepes, and they're just like I remembered! The gyro was extremely cheesy with not many other toppings, but the nutella crepe was filled with so many fruit slices and slathered with nutella, it was almost too sweet (but that's not a thing for me!) Only one guy working the whole operation sometimes so the service isn't instant, but you can watch him do your crepe on the spot and see the love that goes into each one! He always talks up the people waiting and makes the anticipation more fun. I do wish they had options for non-styrofoam containers, because it seems like a waste if you're just going to eat it in the same building. 
If you're looking for the dainty thin crepes you find overseas, I'd look elsewhere, but these crepes fill your need for a sweet treat or a packed savory option!Used to go here ALL the time when they were a Cart. The prices were good, the ingredients were fresh and plentiful,and the wait was totally worth it.
Once they moved into the student center though... I dunno. Something was missing. It's not so much the service, it's not so much the food, it was just something intangible. 
Don't get me wrong. This place is still very good, as can be attested to by the long lines. However, when deciding between the many dining options around campus, getting a savory crepe was no longer was the default option. 
The honey dijon chicken is the most popular savory order, and be sure to get extra sauce because it's finger-lickin' good. Any sort of dessert crepe will be good since you can add your own ingredients.Sweet or Savory, been coming here for years, the guys that run this place are fast, upbeat, and they know food, all vegetables in your crepe will be fresh the sauces are flavorful, you can add hot sauce or hot peppers, (i like that)... GET THE CHEESECAKE CREPE ...I love it I think its the first one i've gotten from them that was in like 2005 and I still remember that first bite! (tear)
Call ahead or just order when you get there if its not peak lunch time hours you won't wait more than ten min for these beautiful pieces of food. NOM. Anyway I'm writing this review because I want one. TODAY.Monday after class ritual: go to Creperie.  Order veggie crepe with feta.  Sit in comfy Houston Hall chair and eat veggie crepe while reading for Tuesday's class.  Ahhhh...
By now the crepe guy (whose name I now vow to learn...) knows me and knows was I like to get, "veggie with feta!"  Bonus: if you get there before 11AM, there's a breakfast discount.  Yay!Staff is so friendly and inviting. The food is amazing and fresh. I got the New York cheesecake with fresh berries and it is def worth the $8.50. Quality and quantity for your money goes a long way here.More than a decade later, more like 14 years later, man does time fly, this place is still the best, like it always was, and like it always will be!  If the chicken caesar crepe was $20, I'd still buy it, all day.  These guys know what they're doing.  If you are in the area and want to eat a real, savory, crepe, there is, and there will only always be, 1 choice - Pari Cafe Creperie!!!I've been coming here ever since I moved to Philly 3 years ago, Nutella crepe with strawberries has my heart everytime!I had a savory steak crepe.....Now, if you come in search of a crepe, you will be disappointed, it's more of a thin pancake. However, it is delicious. Plenty of vegetables, cheese and meat wrapped in a thin pancake. Not too greasy or salty. Very filling and wholesome. I would recommend if you are hungry and want something delicious and healthy for a good price (less than $9 and it was a lot of food). If you want crepes, real crepes, then look elsewhere.Update: This place is pretty inconsistent with how they make their crepes. Sometimes light and fluffy, other times half overcooked and crispy, unable to be cut with a knife even. knocked it down a star, but hoping they get more consistent and pay attention to the crepe they are making (or at least remember not to burn it) 
Although these aren't Parisian style crepes (which are thinner, lightly sweet and less dense), this place does a good job of creating a thicker version which I might like better for holding multiple toppings! Crepes are well priced for the size and amount of toppings for sure. Recently, I've had the gyro crepe and the nutella/banana/strawberry crepes, and they're just like I remembered! The gyro was extremely cheesy with not many other toppings, so not great if you want a lot of meat, but the nutella crepe was filled with so many fruit slices and slathered with nutella, it was almost too sweet (but that's not a thing for me!) Only one guy working the whole operation sometimes so the service isn't instant, but you can watch him do your crepe on the spot and see the love that goes into each one! He always talks up the people waiting and makes the anticipation more fun. I do wish they had options for non-styrofoam containers, because it seems like a waste if you're just going to eat it in the same building. 
If you're looking for the dainty thin crepes you find overseas, I'd look elsewhere, but these crepes fill your need for a sweet treat or a packed savory optioNever had a bigger tastier crepe anywhere. And the variety! What I had was a breakfast crepe that was huge. Friendly service too. I was in from out of town and if ever back I know where my next full meal and a half will be.The chicken crepe with honey mustard was SO GOOD I got it two days in a row. You get tons of food which makes sense for the price. I order my crepes with all the fixings even though it's extra. The taste is worth it.
They DO NOT do salsa well. I wanted throw my Chicken Salsa crepe away cause it tasted more like a homemade pasta sauce.Beware, do not waste a trip here in the summer. This restaurant is located on the U Penn campus and during summer hours it is not open on weekends. This information definitely needs to be added to this yelp page so others do not waste a trip -- especially one of an hour and a half on public transportation from a distant food desert part of the city!!!For what it is it's pretty darned good.
Located in the University of Pennsylvania Student Union (Houston Hall) this little cafe serves a mean crepe.  They've got three menus: dessert, breakfast and regular savory crepes in addition to salads, sandwiches and a fair sized non-alcoholic drink cooler and coffee to spare.
The dessert crepes might be a little sweet - but that makes the occasional indulgence all the better.  Generally I aim for a balanced crepe with a fair amount of fruit and sweet stuff - be it honey, nutella or chocolate sauce.
For the savory crepes, I prefer getting a breakfast crepe - you get a scrambled egg mixed in plus it's cheaper than a regular savory crepe.  They let you modify your choices slightly - notably in the vegetable selection, but also substituting a sauce or a meat.  They also offer whole wheat batter in addition to a regular crepe batter - not that I've tried the healthier version yet.
All in all for a quick bite - not so quick during prime lunch or dinner hours as it is one of the better indoor on Penn campus dining options along Spruce street - it's a blast.  I will miss this small cafe - family-owned - when I leave.Crepes taste good overall, although they can be difficult to cut, especially with a plastic knife. More often than not I found myself sawing through the styrofoam rather than the crepe itself. The portion size is great for the price.
Here's the kicker: the last two times I ordered a Nutella crepe with strawberries and bananas, I opened the box to see fruit flies flying out of the crepes--not once, TWICE. These disgusting experiences lead me to believe the place is not properly cleaned or cared for, which is why I will not return. Upon checking the health inspections, I noticed they failed in a couple categories that would contribute to this issue.I have eaten crepes all round the world yepp france too and this man still makes the GREATEST CREPES OF ALL TIME. Been a fan since it was a mobile cart stand years ago!! Do not sleep on houston hall crepes. Bring the homies and order sweet and savory to shareThe best..I was a student at Penn, and I bought from them while they had a lunch truck on the outside..it was $4.75 for lunch - $3.75 for the crepe and $1 for the snapple..fast forward 10 years and raise the prices by 2, but it's all good..they still make the best crepes I ever had..never go cheap on you, never take shortcuts..the best!I couldn't leave Philly without a *serious* trip down memory lane, which involved visiting my old alma mater.  And, in my mind, there were few things more synonymous with "college" than the Pari Creperie in Houston Hall.  Night after night of homework and finals was fueled by this creperie's carb-laden concoctions.
Coming back here several years later, I noticed that some things have stayed the same:
1.  There's still a maddeningly long line at lunchtime during finals week.
2.  The honey dijon chicken crepe with *all* of the veggies is still the first and most delicious savory item on the menu.  (The dessert crepes are as tempting as ever, but not when I need some actual nutrition.)
3.  There's still a big stack of Daily Pennsylvanian (DP) issues by the door.
4.  There's still a spaced-out lady taking orders.
5.  There's still confusion when a person mis-hears his order number and walks off with somebody else's crepe.
Of course, with the passing of the years, some things have definitely changed:
1.  All of a sudden, the undergrads are all playing with iPhones.
2.  The DP's feature article is "The Year in Tweets".
3.  The lobby of Houston Hall got a nice paint job.
4.  The crepes come out faster than they used to.
5.  The chicken is a little drier than I remember.
I love the Pari Creperie.  I have way too much sentimental value attached to it.  But the fact that I'm a total sap shouldn't sway you from giving it a try.  :-)I'm sad to say, this place is closed as of a short time ago, but I have nothing but the highest reviews for how these guys ran the shop, and the memories will be there long after.  Good luck in whatever you guys do next!