Literally the best hoagie place ever!!! I just wish they would open up locations in the suburbs!!!The rolls are incredible! 
I got the tuna hoagie and it was pretty good. Not fishy and not too mayo-y. Husby got the eggplant parm and even though he isn't usually a fan he liked this better than most. The waffle fries were flavorless but nothing a little salt couldn't fix. I guess the disappointing thing was the "fried" ravioli. Everyone raves about it and it was just ok. Like, it wasn't fried a ton so it wasn't super crunchy and breaded like I thought it would be. And it wasn't super flavorful either. The marinara was excellent, though. So maybe the lesson is to get things with sauce since that seems to have been the winner for us.The antipasto hoagie is the greatest tuna hoagie I have ever had. 
Definitely gonna try the Italian tuna next time I come in, wonderful and attentive service. The two hoagies I ordered were out really quickly as well.
Thanks for the amazing sandwich, you have a new regular now.The service here was fantastic. Everyone was very nice. I got an Italian Hoagie with everything but Mayo it was excellent. It wasn't over run with one "item" - had a great pallet of meats and veggies and oil, tasted very very fresh. 
We also got a Chicken Parm sandwich, which was all in all just as good as the hoagie was except that it was a tad bit dry for our taste . Wish there were a way to do half a start I would have had 4 and half up with no problem. 
Picked up some home pasta's will update later with that. 
All of the side foods that we purchased were fresh and fantastic also. Black Sicilian Olive , bruschetta, and cured sharp provolone all very fresh. 
I would recommend this place highly. Try it , you will be glad you did.I am  here like once a week. A big reason for that is because of its proximity to my house, but even if it weren't it's still really great. 
The sandwiches are awesome. Specifically, I am a fan of the chicken cutlet sandwiches. I am big spicy fan so I enjoy the Chicken Inferno the most. The cutlets are nice and juicy. I don't eat cold cuts, but I have heard that they are spectacular. I don't want to jinx it, but I can't believe that this place doesn't get more packed with people getting sandwiches before games and concerts, but I like that it is never so full that you can't move.
The pasta here is very good. My favorite is cavatelli and the wild mushroom ravioli. I appreciate that they try to add some variety to their pasta flavors. The sauces here are an easy solution for dinner if you are running late and are heads and shoulders over other quick fix sauces.
Side note: I was pleasantly surprised one day when in a state of being hungover, I ordered the tomato pie and it was excellent. Tomato pie is one of my favorite food groups. It's just a great thing to order if you are on the run and need something to eat before your next stop.
In truth, the only reason I deducted a star is because I think that their price is too high. I think they certainly could do the same thing for a little cheaper. While I am a fan of good businesses making good money, I think that they try to gouge you a little more than they need to.
You won't be disappointed with a sandwich for lunch and some pasta and sauce for dinner later.Came in for a late lunch on a Friday.  From the outside place looks tiny, was surprised walking in to find a very large, well-lit shop.  The place was immaculately clean.  There's only one table, so don't plan on eating in.  There's a display case with some amazing looking fresh food and meats.  I definitely need to try the mozzarella next time.
Got the Italian cold cut sandwich. The bread was fantastic, crunchy, chewy and the meats were great.  Little too much shredded lettuce, but otherwise a killer sandwich.
The staff was really great, they were very friendly. Saw one of the guys come out with a big hug for one of his regulars. Would love for this place to be close to me.Pastificio is the best deli I've ever been to. Every sandwich I have tried there has been outstanding and very high quality. Their turkey and cheese hoagies are the best, along with their chicken cutlets. I can't say enough positive things about Pastificio. Always a pleasure to have lunch from this great deli. The best in the cityI'm a huge fan. 
A great spot to stop in and grab a hoagie before a game. The bread they use is perfect, they use Thumann's meats (same as Primos), the peppers appear to be made in house. It all comes together in one of the best, if not the best, hoagie in all of Philly. 
Also available: inside outs made by Florida Style that are "specially made for Pastificio", homemade pasta, and various oils and balsamics. They also have cutlets, which I haven't tried yet, but will. 
I'm a big sucker for all of that stuff and will be back soon.Their gnocchi was excellent. Want to return to try the sandwiches and other options because everything in the store looked tastyWe stopped by on our way to the airport for some hoagies (since the first place we tried was closed). Picked up to to go and there were fresh and delicious. While this place is pretty small it has a nice  deli selection with prosciutto and interesting sandwiches or hoagies as they are know in Philly. They also have hot sandwiches and soup. They had the Italian wedding soup when we were there. 
My husband does not pass a freezer full of pasta, meatballs, lasagne without taking some home. So we both were glad to find this place (it is right next to chickie and petes) so when you are in the neighborhood or even if you are not- stop by and pick up some yummy food from this local place. I loved it and will be back in April when we are in town.Can't believe I am the first to review this awesome spot. I guess it is truly a hidden gem! 
When it comes to mouth-watering hoagies and sandwiches in South Philly, Pastificio is right there with Ricci's, Lombardi's, and Chicky's as the best of the lot. It certainly is a cut above places like Cosmi's, NJP, and the sad cheesesteak joints. And when I think of the best of Philly cuisine in terms of sandwich food, I think of delicious, gut-busting gastronomic debacles which you simply cannot find anywhere else. Pastificio is one of the standard bearers of these South Philly treasures.  
There is a distinct home-y feeling to Pastificio. Not only is this a great sandwich place, you can get a cast array of wonderful homemade pastas, sauces and cheeses. It is a one-stop specialty  shop. Not only that, they make their own FRESH MOZZARELLA!! Has to be tasted to be believed. The secret ingredient is love. 
But let's face it- really, the sandwiches are the main attraction. The Meatball Special, which is simply meatballs, greens and sharp cheese on a bun-no sauce!- has won a few awards. And it deserves them all. Hard to imagine anything tastier between two buns outside of the bedroom. 
There are other interesting options on the menu- one of my favorites being the Chicken Diablo, a juicy cutlet with pepper jack cheese and long hots. Just had that today. Quite good. 
There are the standards, of course, and they are delicious too. The Italians, tunas, turkey n cheeses, and a whole host of others. Try one, try them all. 
On the run in deep South Philly and need a quick, satisfying sandwich? Pastificio's is the spot.I meant to write this post a few weeks ago. We order lunch often from here and enjoy the great food and service. On this rare occasion we had a mix up in ordering causing some of the guys to know lunch... A credit was given and Anthony, rectified the issue immediately making  everyone happy. Anthony and Frank are great guys and hands on owners. Is there whereby they opened their doors and they have only gotten better with the years! They are a credit to our community and an example of how a successful business should operate. The staff is great and friendly. With the Eagles season fast approaching they are a must have on your dinner table for football season!  Continua il successo ai miei amici. ciao!OMG!!!   Order the OMG -  it's so good!  A perfectly cooked REAL Italian Chicken Cutlet on a seeded Italian loaf (not a roll - a LOAF) with thinly sliced tomatoes, FRESH milky mozzarella (not that plasticky garbage) and pesto sauce (I get mine light on the pesto) which is fresh, bright green and uses a very goodtasting olive oil.
Near perfection!  LOVELOVELOVE IT!
Can't wait to try the pasta - and the salad with eggplant and mozz.Travel to S. Philly just to get their Italian Hoagies! By far the best I've ever had. Quick, friendly and awesome variety.I was driving around and found this GEM. it really is what you are looking for. 
 A perfectly cooked REAL Italian Chicken Cutlet on a seeded Italian loaf (not a roll - a LOAF) with thinly sliced tomatoes, FRESH milky mozzarella (not that plasticky garbage) and pesto sauce (I get mine light on the pesto) which is fresh, bright green and uses a very goodtasting olive oil.Pastificio has become my go-to for the most delicious hoagies in Philly. My favorite is the classic Italian hoagie--delicious roll and the perfect ratio of meats and cheeses. The Italian hoagie is also perfectly sized--not ridiculously big and overstuffed that it's too big to bite or everything falls out from the end. It also "keeps" really well--I ordered the hoagie yesterday, but didn't eat it until today and the bread wasn't even soggy. 
I've also ordered the Roast Beef Inferno sandwich and the Roe Salad, both of which are delicious. And they have the BEST waffle fries that somehow maintain their crispyness during the delivery process. 
I've only ordered via delivery and every time the order is early and the delivery guy is super nice. Prices are also incredibly reasonable. I definitely need to branch out and try more things from the menu as I'm sure everything else is just as delicious! 
If you're looking for the "real deal" Philadelphia hoagie or other delicious Italian standards, Pastificio's is it. 
Grazie mille, Pastificio!Just okay for me. Although I was pleased to not be charged a delivery fee, as I was located not even 1 mile down he road, my hoagie was cold when it arrived. My meatball sub was lacking quite a bit of sauce, and the mozzarella on the top looked like it was Kraft pre-shredded cheese from the dairy isle in Walmart. There wasn't much flavor and the meatball itself was relatively tough. Wouldn't recommendOmg! I don't know where to start. I've been coming here for years and have tried many different things. Everything I've tried has been delicious and fresh. Personal favorite is the meatballs and rav's!At the end of October, the Swedish Museum held its 2nd Annual Meatball Matchup. I helped judge the 8 amateurs, so I had no room left to try any of the professional meatballs. The crowd chose Pastificio as the pro winner, and I promised myself  a trip down there.
Pastificio is a fully loaded Italian deli. There is an olive bar, imported products, and a freezer section with Pastificio's prepared entrees, sauces, and pastas.
At Pastificio, the chicken cutlets, just like most things here,  are all made in house. The cutlet comes covered in cheese and buffalo sauce, naturally. The cutlets are thin and evenly breaded throughout. I also enjoyed the bread they used; Pastificio gets it from Abruzzi Brick Oven Bread.
I was forced to chose between the classic meatball parm and their fried meatball hoagie. While I normally  hold the belief that everything is better fried, I just couldn't forgo my chance to try the meatballs that took home the crown.
The sandwich came with 4 big meatballs, each sliced in half. They use a pork, veal, beef combo and they taste as good as that picture of them is awful. The meatballs have a great texture and aren't the littlest bit dry. The tomato sauce is simple and bright and tastes like they use high quality olive oil. I can see why this is the meatball sandwich champion.Every salad my Co - workers and I have had were always fresh, crisp and delicious. Their house Italian vinegarette is awesome! 
Crab cakes are so good and full of actual crab meat as opposed to fillers. 
My husband loves their chicken parm sandwiches. 
However, I just got a turkey and cheese hoagie and it was seriously lacking. Not what I was expecting given their fantastic track record. The turkey was subpar and they hardly put any meat and cheese on it. There were seriously gaps. Disappointed, but I'll still get their salads. ;)Amazing food! I've tried a several sandwiches here and I've loved every single one! 
I recommend that everyone tries the OMG and if you're a fan of a little but of spice, check out the Chicken Inferno (formerly Chicken Diablo)! 
Party platters are great, with a lot of variety. 
The pasta is also great. Basically, you can't go wrong with the food here. 
Staff is super friendly! This is the place to go in South Philly :)I am a recent transplant to the Delaware Valley and was told to check this place out by people whose opinions I trust.  Although a little pricey, their hoagies are indeed as good as advertised.  Grilled chicken, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone?  Heaven.  Just be prepared for a serious food coma if you eat it all at once, LOL.  But this place is incredible.I love traveling through the city and suburbs searching for the best cheesesteaks, hoagies, and pork sandwiches. I read the recent review by Craig Laban and had the opportunity to stop by after the Villanova game. This is hands down the best hoagie I've eaten. I ordered the turkey hoagie. It was phenomenal. The roll makes the sandwich and they pack the right amount of ingredients. I'll be back soon!Pastificio is an Italian food shop and deli in deep South Philly - directly nextdoor to Chickie and Pete's and near the stadium complex.  It has gotten recognition of late for its hoagies and I thought the classic one I had here recently was well-made and certainly above average.  What I found though to be lacking was that one pays extra for long hots but the long hots that I received on my hoagie were not at all hot to my taste buds and more like 'long milds'.  I probably should have just stayed with the regular hot peppers which I assume would have been included free.  
Two tips - 
They make homemade mozzarella here and it is very good.  
 A  couple of tables are outside in front of the shop if you want to eat your purchase on the spot.
There are def a couple of other shops in Philly whose hoagies I have liked even more so I can't name Pastificio as my personal favorite but it certainly is a tasty option en route to a Phillies, Eagles, Flyers, or Sixers game.i love this place .....the best of the best of everything Italian ..........best Italian hoagie ....the vegetarian hoagie is amazing also ........also great frozen items ...and the fresh mozzarella .........is over the top ........Phenomenal food and the staff are amazing!! I ordered a hoagie tray to be delivered for the wedding party and their wedding day trolley. Not only did Pastificio accommodate an early delivery, but the driver literally had a tire blow out on the way, he proceeded to flag down a cab and jumped out of the cab with the tray to complete the delivery on time. That's an awesome piece of customer service like none I've experienced.  The hoagie tray has a unique, delicious taste like no lunch meat you can readily get in other parts of the city. The chicken cutlet with sharp provolone and roasted peppers is a mouth watering delight!  The day after the wedding, we directed several out of town wedding guests to cruise by and pick up some sandwiches and antipasto...rave reviews are still coming in.  You will not be disappointed!!  Run, don't walk, to Pastificio!!!This is another place I try to go to every time I'm in Philly. I always go for the dry Italian sandwich. It's really good and better than what your typical Subway offers, of course.Where do I begin, my family was so upset when they closed our favorite hoagie shop we've been going to for YEARS. I saw Pastificio on Uber eats & we decided to try it. Best decision we've ever made. They're fresh mozzarella is to die for. I'm also obsessed with their Italian hoagie, my dad loves their prosciutto & their rolls? Don't even get me started on the rolls. This place is freaking amazing and will be our new official hoagie spot for years to come!The place only gets better !!!!!
Jason BlumThis place is everything Primos wishes it was. Great deli, great food, South Philly charm. I got an Italian Hoagie with sharp provolone. It was delicious and did not disappoint in the least. The meat was cut thin which made it easy to bite into to. 
I also got an order of pepper shooters which were awesome. I noticed a variety of salads, cheeses and cheese spreads that looked pretty good. 
They've got a parking lot which is a plus in South Philly. It's right next to Chickies which makes it a great tail gate, pre game destination.Had to write ANOTHER 5 star review because their food is consistently good. My whole family is obsessed!Dipped into this little spot right before heading to the airport. Hoagies for a reasonable price with a little italian market inside for all things imported. I ordered the Stu Gatz no olives - came with tomatos, mortadella and mozerella. The bread had a great chew to it. The mortadella was sliced then but they def didn't skimp on the portion
Great place for a hoagie, but definitely a bit of a wait. I would recommend calling in your orders ahead of time to beat the lunch rush and get in and out quick.This little counter deli in South Philly is great.  I love the bread, and the chicken cutlets.  I usually get the chicken cutlet diablo, and it is the best one I've had in the area.  The prices are on par with other hoagie places.
The staff are very friendly, and cheerful.
The wait is usually very quick, and they have call ahead or delivery.
My only complaint is that they close early.  I wanted to get some sandwiches and then tailgate at the stadiums one day, but they close too early.Hands down best Italian hoagie I have ever had. Perfect balance of meat and toppings, the roll is out of this world, and the hot peppers are the perfect compliment. Got the hemp iced tea to go with it and it's my new go to combination. I can't wait to go back and get some homemade pasta! This place is the best of the best.Everything here is fresh and delicious! My go to is the Italian hoagie, but I've had other items as well. The bread is fresh and not too hard, the meats and cheeses are sliced right and are of better quality than most places. I've had their chicken cutlets and they're great too-not too thick and breaded just right. If you're starving and can't wait to get back home then order the meatballs. $2/ea and it comes in a plastic container not styrofoam so it's not soggy. One of the few places I know of that you can go in and buy imported Italian foods and candy. They have torrone either in a single snack size or you can buy a king sized bar. It might be $8 but it's the real stuff!! And they have other imported chocolates that remind me when I was a kid and my dad would get them from the Italian market. Great place with great food. There's a reason why celebrities and even eagles players go there!Best chicken cutlet sandwiches ever!! The "Philly Special" is addicting!! Great sandwichPastificio is unbelievable and stands up to any of the Philly titans (Sarcones, Paesano's, Chickies ect..) when  it comes tor sandwiches.
I am not going to get into the specifics of each sandwich I have had however I have never had anything less than a A+ eat here.  I will quickly say though that the Sausage Special is a top five sandwich in the city and off the meter good.I recently moved back to Philadelphia after seven years abroad, and had a lot of sandwich eating to make up on. I launched myself into an intense sandwich tour, trying to find the best hoagie and best cutlet in Philadelphia. I tried all the famous places, all the best reviewed places, all the obscure spots that look disgusting but might actually have good food, I've tried everything. Nobody touches Pastificio. Not even close. The BEST Italian Hoagie in the city, the BEST cutlets in the city. It doesn't make sense - how are they this much better than everyone?! 
Delivery is always on time (I've ordered a LOT of delivery from here....), hot and accurate and the delivery drivers are very friendly! 
I've been forcing so many people to try it and they're all believers now. Do yourself a favor and get a sandwich from Pastificio, you will not regret it.I had been avoiding trying this place because I had a feeling I would want a chicken cutlet sandwich every day after. I wasn't wrong. Ordered the OMG chicken cutlet sandwich with pesto, fresh mozz and tomato and it exceeded my expectations. Haven't stopped craving one since! I will definitely be back soon!!Happened to be down at the UPS on Oregon Avenue today and my friend suggested this spot to pick up lunch.  Wow, it was DEE-licious!!!  I got the antipasto hoagie and loved it.  They offer a small hoagie that is like the size of the shortie at WaWa - were out of this bread when we rolled in at 2p but I like the idea.  I finished only half of mine and reluctantly put the rest in the refrigerator knowing the leftovers wouldn't be nearly as good.  Additionally, they have a nice Italian grocery section including cheeses, olive oils, balsamic vinegars, etc!!!  FYI: it is in the same shopping center as Chickie and Pete's - and my accountant - Patrick McNally.Just perfect.  The ladies were great and the prepared foods were outstanding. Also, great access to I-95. Will be back many times.Anything less than 5 Stars is absurd! One of the best hoagies I've ever had. I've been getting my own concoction for the past three years or so, and I lovingly call it The Freddie.  (Pastificio, if you're reading this, feel free to put The Freddie on the official menu):
-Pepper Turkey
-Pepper Cheese
-LTM
-Shooter Spread
Don't forget to pick up some olives and cheese...and pasta!  We had a Pastificio pasta feast for Valentine's Day!  Can't wait to go back and get more meatballs, gnocchi, and rosé sauce!Because their shirts say "Got balls" I decided to try their Meatball Parm. Loved the bread and the balls! Highly recommended!Delicious place to grab a sandwich before a concert at Wells Fargo Center.
The mozzarella bella was outstanding.  The cheese was incredibly fresh and the roasted red peppers were on point.  The bread was perfect as well.  Highly recommend this sandwich.
The formaggi was good too, just felt a bit dry especially after trying the bella sandwich.
Let them know if you want oil, vinegar, mayo on your sandwich!  I ordered online and didn't realize, but they were kind enough to give it to us on the side.I had just walked out of termini bakery and seen the sign for pastaficio, so I went in and took a look around and was kindly greeted by the staff. I let them know it was my first time there, my brother & his wife often go here when visiting Philly, I wanted to give them a try. I ordered the Classic Italian hoagie and took a gander at the awesome Italian specialties many of which I remember from childhood especially the torronie (vanilla nougat with almonds). before I knew it my hoagie was ready, had also picked up a bar of the nougat and was given a nice sample of fresh homemade mozzarella. I left thinking this could be my go to place, when I got home and unwrapped it the aroma was delightful. It was love at first bite, the perfect Italian hoagie...I've finally found it :)
The mozzarella was delicious as well, high quality ingredients all around. I most definitely will be back.everything here is amazing. unique-tasting, fresh sandwiches, authentic Italian imported ingredients and snacks, friendly workers. 
tip: ask for Dante. he is so nice.Cutlet Concetta with Spinach was phenomenal.  Staff is very friendly as well.  
I also really enjoy their salads which are huge and can never finish them.Being from South Philly, I;ve long known of this wonderful place in Packer Park-
Great home made pasta.., gravy (sauces)  & cold cuts, hoagies etc-
But, last Sunday, a writer friend called me, he was coming in...from NY.
He knows I make great gravy and pasta-  (He's eaten here a few times)-  but, I had no meat for my home made meatballs.
Not to worry, another buddy from the neighborhood, suggested I try the home made meatballs there.  I did, bought one package, of the freshly made meatballs..(from..beef, pork & veal-fried to perfection)-
Brought them home- threw them in my homemade marinara, heated up a pound of Ziti...&  "voila"...an "Italian materpiece"-!
I did not tell my NY buddy-- I had bought the meatballs--but, while eating them..(he had 3..)  he was raving "Man Richie, these meatballs are terrific- the best you ever made !"--I told him, the truth-  but- that says a lot about the taste & quality of owner, Anthony's...meatballs--!--They are terrific-they really are..fresh..home made--!
Give them...a try---!  I know my Italian cuiine..(Being Sicilian/American)-  They are..awesome--& their pastas...are terriific..too--!   I do not "rave"..often about others Italian food-  but these meatballs should be more well known-(Right  near Termini pastry..in Packer Park--PASTIFICIO----  Richard-AOver the last month, I've had sandwiches and salads from Pastificio about 5 or 6 times.  I feel as though the quality has decreased over the last couple of years.  The two hoagies I've gotten recently just didn't have enough seasoning to them.  Also, the tomatoes were WAY unripe.  I get that its winter and we don't have an abundance of fresh tomatoes but why would you serve that to a customer?  
Similarly, I got a salad that was ALL yellow/white romaine (you know, the romaine that's way inside the romaine stalk?  Not bad lettuce, but not the nice green stuff).  The second salad I got was with chicken and it just had WAY too much fried, breaded chicken.  FYI- Word on the street is you can get grilled chicken.  I will definitely be trying that next time.
I'm disappointed that my favorite work lunch spot has decreased in quality.  C'mon guys!  However, this is still one of your best bets for an affordable, quick, and fresh lunch south of Oregon.Every accolade is well deserved! I ordered (3)sm. hoagies from here for the first time. All of the ingredients were FRESH & delicious: the cornedbeef was perfect, not the wet salty kind; the turkey was real & fresh, not that soaked in saltwater crap you get from most delis, and the chicken salad tasted creamy and freshly made. I will definitely order from here again.I have ordered Delivery twice from Pastificio, both times I was not disappointed!  The food arrived on time, neatly packed, and most importantly still warm!!! They have their delivery down to a science, just like their amazing fresh food! I absolutely love the arancini (the taste takes me right back to Italy), the eggplant parm hoagie is expertly crafted non greasy and dare I say light... I am so happy to have found this South Philly gem!!!I got lunch delivery from this guys this afternoon. I ordered through a third party (EAT24) and it took forever (1.25 hours).
That said, the food was amazing. I got an OMG sub that was cooked to perfection. Great chicken cutlet, a roll that held up well, and tasty pesto.
Definitely give this place a try, but maybe consider carry out.Hey, everyone--This is Richard -  the well travelled South Philly guy...&  Italian food aficionado...!
I've posted before on the excellent Italian food...Anthony serves up..
I have another..courtesy of a recommendation I made to my friend who had just arrived from California--   He called, said he had some writer friends-in from Hollywood coming over-as  he had invited them out to dinner-  but decided to host..&  if I had any recommendations  (He knew..I was  a well versed food guy  &  Sicilian-to boot  )-  Also, as  my cousin is owner/Chef...of a nationally known Italian restaurants-well..I have a lot of.."Food credibility "---!
I  --  right  away  recommended  Pastificio-- & he took my advice, buying their Ravioli...their home made marinara....& the Chicken cutlet  with the roast  peppers..&  provolone  --(as  a  dessert -  he bought some great Cannoli-from  the best in the city--Termini....OK...I AM a  bit biased as  my late grandfather-  was  good friends-  with the original owner.  BUT,,,they are  great !.)-     And--he invited  me over  !!
Bottom line--all the people...LUVED  the dinner....from Pastificio. 
The ravioli...were soo fresh & tasty...the marinara  sauce  (Gravy )  just right-  not too acidic-!  The chicken cutlets really were the rave..of the dinner-not too thick or too "Breaded"  --  just right..moist &  tasty !
And---at the end-  some coffee...with the cannoli..
My  friend...& the other writer friends- just could not stop  raving about the great quality of the food...&  that he was able to order  it-for delivery !
**Soo...for all of you people...looking for REALLY...delicious & fresh Italian food....look no further  than...Pastificio...!  Freshly made...&  tasty...
Don't just take my word...try it--you'll see--!
Richard (Nov-  2018)You guys...I finally found it. Fries that held up during delivery. I didn't think it was possible. Plus DOPE sandwiches. Found my new favorite go-to when ordering through UberEats.
We ordered from here last week and are now officially hooked. BF ordered the "OMG" sandwich - chicken cutlet, tomato, mozzarella, pesto - and I'm pretty sure he definitely said "OMG" when he bit into it (but maybe with a few more curse words...like goddammit this sh*t is good, or something like that).
I got the "Mozzarella Bella" hoagie - fresh, homemade 'mootsarell' marinated in EVOO and topped with roasted red peppers.
Both were fantastic. Fresh AF hoagie rolls and MASSIVE in quantity. (We got the medium sized, which is their standard hoagie size, and was enough to split into 2 meals...all for only like $8-9).
Also got a side of waffle fries and they arrived wonderfully crispy and seasoned and hot (maybe waffle fries are the key to ordering fries to-go).
Then the following week we visited in-house since we were on the road. He got the OMG again cause he loved it so much, but I opted for the meatball parm sub. Holy hell, was that amazing. Those meatballs were like racquetballs. Huge, seasoned perfectly, and soft without being mushy. Gravy was nice, too.  Took a look around the shop when we were there and picked up some munchies. Had a gander at the freezer full of homemade pastas and soups and had to tear myself away from it before I bought it all.
Staff was super friendly, as well. I will absolutely be making this a regular spot when I've got a hankering for good subs.Maybe I went there on a bad day. Small Italian hoagie was nothing to write home about.  Sandwich was overpriced compared to the other establishment in the area, P&S and the roll was smaller along with the contents of the meats and cheeses. Plenty of help in the store and they carry Corpolese Tomato Pie.Pastificio has the best chicken cutlet sandwiches. I recommend the OMG sandwich. its my absolute favorite. they have other delicious items like their homemade pesto and marinated mozzarella. i also love their snacking pepperoni and soppressatta. they usually have these pre-made and stored on the counter. the staff are great people and very friendly.Best turkey cheese hero I think I've ever had in my life. It was stacked and the bread was soft, it was simply heaven. This place is the real deal. If you're in town going to an Eagles game this is where you want to go for a superior hoagie.Great food. Got it delivered to the hotel and it was the best take out food I've had. The antipasto salad was huge and delicious and the chicken can Brett's with broccoli rabe was the best sandwich. Can't wait to come back and order again!This is the most beautiful and delicious hoagie I have ever had. The rolls are a perfectly soft yet chewy, the meat is fresh, and the toppings are high quality. I will only get my hoagies from Pastificio moving forward. DELICIOUS
Always so delicious! Thank you again!Sandwich's were excellent and chicken Cesar salad was incredible. Food arrived hot and right on timeNeeded a pasta tray with little notice for a family gathering (I had a death in the family and wanted to make sure people remembered to eat).  Not only did Pastificio come through with no issue, but the pasta was delicious. Will hope to try this again soon.OK--I just returned after being in Southern CA..2  years.  
The two places I wanted to eat are Celebre pizza...&  Pastificio--
Gonna get to Pastificio this week...& buy some of Anthony's dynamite meatballs...(Just like my late mom's)....& a hoagie...("The"  best around )-...& some grated Locatelli cheese to put on my "gravy".
Trust me...I've been around..& being 100%  Sicilian (my family has great Italian culinary tradition)....&  I can tell you straight out---Pastificio can not be beat !
Give it a try.......you will be happy you did !   Pastificio has quality food, prepared the right way.
Everything they have is awesome...from hoagies, meatballs to chicken cutlets...
I'm getting hungry...just talking about it--
RichardMy favorite salad in south philly; always give you so much and the quality is always consistent. Plus the cheese steak arancini is a MUSTFood is delicious. Chicken salad was yummy.  We are ordering a second time this week.Everyone who works here already knows it, we all know it, your the only one in the room that doesn't....This is the best hoagie spot in South Philly. 
Classic Italian all the way, done perfect  
Ignore the Microsoft word Logo and their takeout menus that look like they were made for Chinese food, the only branding to be considered is the paper they use to wrap the sandwiches.As someone who works down in the Navy Yard (located at the very south end of Broad, past the stadiums), our lunch options are often very limited.  So when I discovered Pastificio, I was so excited!  Finally a new option!
For the longest time, whenever our office was ordering lunch, our go-to was Primo's.  Now don't get me wrong- I love me some Primos.  But it gets monotonous.  And it's a pain in the butt to park over there.  I feel like Pastificio's sandwiches are as good, if not better,  AND they offer salads.  AND they have a parking lot.
I've tried a bunch of items on the menu, but my favorite is the Italian Veggie.  I find it to be far superior to Primo's Nonna's Veggie because they marinate and grill their eggplant instead of breading and frying it.  I also really love their Roe Salad... and their balsalmic vinegarette is amazing.  Also, try their fried ravioli.
So if you are in South Philly, looking for an italian deli fix, check out Pastificio- I guarantee you won't be disappointed!Come over here from Jersey couple times a month- Totally enjoy the food - Usually get a couple of chicken cutlet sandwiches - the OMG with Mozzarella /tomatoes sliced thin with pesto makes a good sandwich - also get salads;antipasto with Italian tuna is good -- just wish there was a little more friendly vibe when you walk in. It's  like I say hi and the response is I'll be with you or what do you want-- say hello and small talk to your customers that come far to support you. Your food is good!!First time for me spending a duration PA. I had to find a gem of a shop to survive here. luckily i found a diamond. Pastaficio is a standard size deli with big flavor and big service. They are very busy at lunch but still manage to bang out orders. i would recommend placing and order ahead of time if possible if your short on time. My taste is very veggie and fish orientated. But i do here orders for meatball and chicken parm orders. I have ventured in the lump crab salad with house Italian vinigrete, the lump crab sandwich, and the best veggie Hoggie i have ever have. This place is consistent, also, i have been over 20 times. I think my order was off a little bit one time. Very impressed. This place is a must try. If you are not satisfied the first time, you must try again. I would give it 5 stars but i dont give 5 stars.....Thank You Pastificio!First time order. I play it safe and get two turkey hoagies and waffle fries, they were delicious! The driver was very nice and on time.These meatballs are so good, I'm glad that they sell them in the market section.  This place is a hidden gem in philly and worth seeking out.  A delicious Italian deli and market, you can't go wrong with anything you get here.  We got a meatball sub, one with marinara and one with only broccoli rabe and cheese, fried ravioli and nutella fried ravioli.  First the meatballs I'm going to say again, are better than my Italian grandmas.  I can't tell her that but it's true.  And the ravioli, both of them were so delicious.  We got some homemade mozzarella to go home with and oh my gosh....I bit the whole thing like an apple it was delicious.  This place has lots of frozen homemade pastas and many dinner ideas with a little Italian grocery selection.  I will dream about this place until I come back.I've been on a South Philly italian hoagie mission and I have to say Pastificio's is the BEST!
Their Pastificio hoagie is on a perfect crisp bun and filled with delicious sharp cheese and ideally spiced meats! The staff are really friendly and there are lots of cool drinks and snacks to check out while you wait.This is a restaurant that was awarded a best of Philly award for their Italian sandwich. We decided to try it out on our way to a sixers game. The place was very small with just one tiny table at the front for seating. I suppose I didn't do my research to see that this is more of a grab and go kind of spot.
The cashier was nice to help us with our questions. We ended up ordering the two foot Italian sub to share amongst the five of our group and an order of meatballs (you pay $2 per meatball and as many as you'd like, 50cents extra for cheese).
The sub was pretty good and the meatballs too. I like my meatballs a bit spicier and with more herbs but everyone in the group seemed to like them very much. The texture of the meat was very smooth.
It was a nice place to try out but I may or may not come again.Had the Italian hoagie. Bread was stale, the inside was mostly regular ham even though the menu said it had salami and provolone. One of the driest and flavorless hoagies I've ever had. Not worth the trouble to get here.If I could give this place a billion stars, I would. 1) They have the best hoagies in the city; 2) they literally made a Supreme spaghetti shirt; 3) everyone knows each other so if you want to see true South Philly shit, come here; 4) all around awesome and quality establishment; and 5) I LEFT MY WALLET THERE AND THEY DELIVERED  MY WALLET TO MY HOUSE! BEFORE I KNEW IT WAS MISSING!!! All the stars.Good sandwiches. Bread will be tougher as it gets later in the day. But it's always packed with goodies and extremely consistent as far as quality goes. Count on a lunch rush during the week. This includes delivery. Plan ahead. 
If you do decide to venture in, you'll be greeted with tons of parking and lots of imported Italian goodies inside the store. It ain't cheap though so just stick to the fresh food. 
Stay local...Guys!!!  
THE FRIED RAVIOLIS THO!!!!! They come in a plastic container so they're not all soggy when delivered like some other places that use styrofoam. They're like little heaven appetizers and I told my boyfriend to "back up off me" when he came in for one. The gravy tastes like my moms, and I'm seriously wondering if she's in the back cooking the stuff. For real tho..one of the best things I've ever eaten..and I like to eat..like...a lot so...GET THE RAVIOLIS!! Thank me laterPeople rave about the sandwiches here. They are very good . Really good but they are small and a bit expensive.   Worth going especially if your in the stadium area. The chicken cutlets are solid but the hoagies are the way to go.Ordered food and they never even attempted to deliver it. No communication at all, just two hours wasted waiting on a delivery that was never going to come.I bought the fresh lobster ravioli and rose sauce for an at-home Valentine's Day dinner. It was high quality, delicious, and easy to prepare. I can't wait to try the other pastas and sauces!Tucked away in the corner of this lil shopping center is this deli and sandwich shop.  There was a little line when we walked in so it was a bit of a wait. Guess it's a popular sandwich spot which is a good thing.  The sandwiches are reasonable priced and since it's a deli you know all the meat is fresh and everything is custom ordered. I ordered the Prosciutto Special.  The meat was thinly sliced and they weren't stingy on the meat.  The bread had a great taste and chew to it.  
There were also lots of international food items around the deli, that we got to explore as we waited for our sandwich... things you wound find in a grocery store.