The food is below average. The only reason they get one stars is because they are open late and it's the only place that delivers. I guess they expect you to be drunk so you won't remember your meal.1  Mozzarella Sticks (6)  $ 3.95
1  Mac 'n Cheese Bites  $ 3.99
1  Vitamin Water  $ 1.50
1  Snapple  $ 1.50
1  BLT Club  $ 5.75
Now notice that I didn't order the pizza. I've had their pizza before and I remember it being pretty decent, but this ordering experience wasn't the best. First of all they forgot the vitamin water, no big deal they went and got it and bought it back to me. 
The Mac n' Cheese bites were the only reason this got two stars. They were pretty good, nice and greasy. The mozza sticks were terrible. Just take my word for it they were pretty bad. The worst was the BLT club that came with no mayo or any condiment on the side. The bread had been toasted but then softened up and the sandwich was cold. The bacon was thin and cold. It just was a lousy lousy item and I was furious while eating it. 
I feel bad giving 2 stars, so I'll probably order a pizza from them soon and give this place another go.I'm forced to give a 1 Star but everyone should know these guys are the worst. I was STARVING at 11:25 PM tonight and stuck in my hotel. I ordered a Pizza and a Salad. Here it is 1:00am. I called and told them to refund my money I paid on credit card because the pizza still has not arrived. (I called times in the last 40 minutes and they didn't answer... I was determined to get someone on the phone if it took till tomorrow). Bottom line... I read the negative reviews and figured it couldn't be that bad. Oh well... I'll have to eat a few bags of potato chips!
PS: they never issued me a refundDecent 2 am food. Went there 2 nights in a row. Had the pizza slice and cheesesteak. Staff was nice.Agree with previous reviewers...delivery sucks. Waited over an hour for my order when it was suppose to be 45 minutes. When I called they consistently hung up on me; yet, when I called back they claimed we "lost contact". It has been almost 90 minutes and we haven't received any food yet. 
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT ORDER!!Solid Pizza.
Great selection... lots of specialty pies.  Good crust , and the pizza is all fresh, unlike a lot of other places in this area.  
Nice and quick too, and the staff is nice.  All in all I'd say this is definitely worth a try.Pizza is very meh with a very salty and bland sauce and rather thick and doughy crust.  In all honesty, Penn's undergrad dining hall has a much better version.  The only plus is that they are open until midnight and delivery is pretty fast.  Otherwise, go with Rex's.Ordered a plain pizza for delivery through Seamless. Took an hour and a half to arrive. Pizza was cold and not that good. Won't be ordering from here again.Worst Pizza in Philadelphia. I had a delivery and the crust was thin and soggy. I asked for jalapenos and feta on the left side and a cheese pizza for the right. YET, they LOADED jalapenos on the right side making it inedible and put too much feta on the left. Disgusting proportions. 
It actually made me cry. Shame on you Paulie's.Just got my fourth order from these guys...they are my new favorite pizza place. Always really fast and excellent pizza! A winning combo! Very happy all around!For the price of the food ($13 for 4 slices, 2 bottles of water, and tax), it tastes great and the staff was very friendly.Paulie's Pizza is your drunk hook up. There's nothing horribly wrong with them, but their place in your hierarchy is decidedly a late night affair. When all you want is a piece before bed, this is who you call.
The food is better than Gay Pizza on 13th and lacks the absurd line (and ensuing fun) despite being only a couple bocks away. They don't skimp on the cheese ($2.50/slice) and it can be good when it's right out of the oven. But, like your drunk hook up, they don't take good enough care of themselves for you to consider seeing them in day light. There's trash and pizza debris on the tables. Your slice runs the risk of being forgotten and unceremoniously charred when the nice, but overwhelmed staff takes more than a couple orders.
Truthfully, this is 2 star pizza. But with hours that stretch toward early breakfast, Paulie's gets points just for being open for business when others have turned you down.It's a pretty run of the mill pizza place in center city, but it is probably better than most other joints you'll find in the area. The one negative that sticks out is I tried to redeem a check-in deal on Yelp they were offering for a free 2-liter bottle of soda with the purchase of pizza, which they didn't honor. Other than that, they have always been prompt and courteous.The top of the crushed red pepper shaker was loosened and spilled all over both of my slices. I showed it to the kid behind the counter and all he said was, "aww, that sucks." Without any offer to replace them. 
I will never go back to this place again and I urge every construction worker on the surrounding jobs to avoid this business.My neighbor is gluten free and whenever we order pizza we get it from here because I think their gluten free crust is the best I've ever had. So...the two stars goes solely to their gluten free crust.
We always order off grubhub and delivery always says 50-60 min, but it is always 1.5 hours-2 hours later. So we have learned to order as soon as we get home from work. We always order a pizza and mega fries for us to share and a personal pizza with extra cheese and plain french fries for her daughter.
Two nights ago was the FIRST time they got our order right (well they forgot the ranch, but I'll let that go). We always order a large gluten free white pizza with bacon and feta on the whole thing and spinach on half. We chose this selection from the grubhub site, write it in the order notes AND write it in the delivery instructions. 
Still...with all of this effort it never comes correctly. So, we call and complain..then they tell us we're wrong...then we tell them NO THEY'RE WRONG...then we wait another hour for our correct pizza to come. I decided I'm tired of all this back and forth so we ordered correctly, wrote in two places what we wanted and I called the restaurant to make sure they understood. I think that is the winning combination to actually getting the right food.
I'm not sure what their delivery driver does for 2 hours but our food always comes cold, so we have to wait another 10 min to heat it up in the oven before we can even eat.
I've gotta say the pizza and fries are decent, just make sure you wont get hangry while you wait!Yummy pizza! Fair prices. Great location if your ever in Family Court or the CJC or around 11th and Market St. Stop by and get a specialty slice of pizza. Or get the special with a couple slices and a soda!Moving from Brooklyn to Philadelphia is a huge change in food options and variety. With a poorly stocked kitchen, I've needed some simple dinners to tide me over. The first order I placed at Paulie's (via Seamless) was pretty good; a big, tasty cheesesteak with really good fries, came complete with ketchup, napkins, and a fork. Only downside: they completely forgot the soda I had ordered (75¢, so no big deal, but still). Having had a decent experience, I tried Paulie's a second time, this time opting for its namesake, pizza, along with another serving of those delicious fries. Wow. I never knew pizza could be so bland. It blew my mind how lacking in flavor it was. I know that coming from NYC is probably throwing my frame of reference off, but this was still a pretty boring pie. In all fairness, the crust was crisp and chewy-a great combo- but overall it needed a better sauce and perhaps a dash of salt (so much so, I added salt to my slice).
Conclusion: I think Paulie's is a great go-to for sandwiches and fries. Nothing spectacular, but a really good value for the money with generous portions and decent delivery. Ordering online makes it extra easy.This place is the bane of my existence. If you're going to not deliver something, at least call the patron so they are not waiting around. When they call you inquiring.... don't make excuses, make it right.  I can't comment on the quality of the food, but assuming management runs the kitchen as well as they do operations, I would steer clear. 
-- hungry human at 530amUnlike all the cool kids who have enough friends to order an entire pizza for, I have myself and my legs, and sometimes we like to gambol together to pizza joints.
Paulie bakes an astounding white slice - with multiple hilly, fluffy mounds of soft, creamy ricotta towering over a traditional white cheese blend. With a just a hint of garlic and a soft crust - no burnt edges here - this white slice out shines, out styles and out classes any in its ranks. 
Oh, and the Level Up - for all you kids with friends who were wondering - could possibly be used during delivery. Just ask -  I did.Avoid Paulie's Pizza. I called them about a billing issue, and I was met with demeaning, hostile words, accusations, and attitude. They hung the phone up on me twice, and the third time put me "on hold" for an inordinate amount of time at which point I was forced to hang up. I never received follow up correspondence. You have been warned.I placed an order for pizza and wings and it took over 2 hours for delivery. Still don't have it and don't know how the food isI'm still waiting for my pizza. It's been 2 and a half hours. Guy that answers the phone says they have no contact with their drivers after they leave the building? Like do they not own cell phones?Don't order their Mesclun Salad Pizza, its terrible.  Its pretty much a salad on a pizza, a cold salad pizza.  It is a terrible terrible combination, it falls apart when you try to pull out a slice. Also it took them more than 2 hours to order to deliver the pizza. I won't recommend this place.The bad reviews are basically about the delivery speed. Go there. The pizza is delicious. The sauce is homemade and has great flavor. There was just enough cheese on the thin, soft crust. My group also got a chicken parm grinder and cheese sticks. We all loved it. A single topping slice is $2.50 and worth every penny. Get up. Go there. Eat great pizza.Food sucks, not to mention i waited 3 and a half hours for delivery! Big disappointment.My friend had general tso's chicken pizza from here and holy moly was it good.  And I'm a vegetarian.  So don't tell anyone.  But yeah.. I mean, this place isn't anything special otherwise.  But if you're tipsy and need a slice, it does the job.A disclaimer - I ordered on Grubhub so maybe (though I've never had trouble before/since) it is Grubhub's fault - but I ordered here knowing that there was an Eagles game - Figured maybe it would take an hour or so (no more than 1.5 hours right?).
Anyways - food came 3 hours later, at about 11:30.  The food was actually pretty good - got a steak sandwich and friend got a grilled chicken salad.  But delivering 3 hours later with not so much as a phonecall before?  I'll keep with my go-to pizza places (Lazaros/NYPD or Randazzos).Never order from here! I ordered through grubhub waited 3 hours! Never received the order!!!
They had no idea what happened to my order although I had pre-paid! even grubhub had trouble getting them to refund so in the end grubhub refunded me!
I strongly advise against ordering delivery from this restaurant they have no idea what's going on! If it is the only place open don't do it! I made the mistake without checking reviews.I live across the street from Ishkabibbles but I have enjoyed Paulie's in the past and thought I'd get something different.  An hour after my order was placed, there was no sign of the delivery guy.  I pulled up at my order at about the 1:20 mark and realized I had left my phone number incorrectly!  I promptly called and let them know of the error and the girl who answered said the food hadn't gone out yet (WHAT) and that she would change the number.  Another 25 minutes passed and I called back to see where the food was since it was closing in on 2 hours.  I was assured that the driver would be in my neighborhood in 2 minutes with profound apologies -- apologies are nice, a discount is better.  10 minutes later...I get a call from the driver who claimed he had to call Grub Hub to find my phone number -- because obviously no one passed along the message.  Another 5 minutes later as he made a block, finally my food arrived.  Both burnt and cold.  Soggy and disgusting.  Will probably never eat here again.Would give zero stars if I could. I've only ordered from the place twice. Guess how many times they forgot half the order? Twice. Not only was the food terrible, I mean the place is called "Paulie's Pizza" and the pizza dough was completely undercooked, but they take forever. The first time I ordered from there it took over three hours and they were missing half the order. Will literally never order from this place again and I highly advise you shouldn't either.I'm forced to give a 1 Star but everyone should know these guys are the worst. I was STARVING at 11:25 PM tonight and stuck in my hotel. I ordered a Pizza and a Salad. Here it is 1:00am. I called and told them to refund my money I paid on credit card because the pizza still has not arrived. (I called times in the last 40 minutes and they didn't answer... I was determined to get someone on the phone if it took till tomorrow). Bottom line... I read the negative reviews and figured it couldn't be that bad. Oh well... I'll have to eat a few bags of potato chips!Not impressed with there most creative pizza award...Customer service sucks..Every employee this place has is kinds RUDE!!!...I will not be giving Paulies another dollar of my money...We use to order from them all the time..since we work at Jeffferson Hospital..but little by little we all have the same complaint...Service is in the gutter!!...doesnt matter how good your food is...GOOD SERVICE IS KEY!!!!..LOST OUR BUISENESS..Paulie needs to get his aragent people off the counter..This place can be great, which is why I've given them NUMEROUS chances to redeem themselves. Unfortunately, after my experience last night I am 100% done with Paulie's. We ordered the penne vodka pizza, Mac and cheese bites, and a BLT grilled chicken sandwich. It was delivered quicker than stated, which was great. Unfortunately, the chicken sandwich was not supposed to have any lettuce and tomato. (The pizza was should have been well done and it was just cooked enough, but I had to choose my battles.) I called back to request a new sandwich to be delivered. I got a ton of attitude from the woman I spoke to on the phone. She told me there were a bunch of deliveries ahead of me and it may be another 45 minutes. She made me feel like it was my fault that the mistake was made. (I even went back to our online order to double check that we had written "no lettuce and tomato). I had to call grubhub to intervene. They called the restaurant and got it taken care of. The delivery driver returned (he was very nice) with the correct sandwich. Unfortunately, by this time the rest of the food was cold. The kicker was that the replacement sandwich came with mayo on it, and the menu doesn't mention mayo at all for that item. We were too hungry and annoyed to call back a second time, but never again will I order from you, Paulie's pizza.This is by far the worst delivery service in the city. The pizza is sub par and the customer service is below standard. I've been hung up on and ignored several times, DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PIZZA SHOP. I work in customer service and do not understand how or why clientele can be treated this way.Currently enjoying Paulies great pizza! But I'm even happier with their service. Delivery was quick with everything nice and hot, we asked for plates and they were originally forgotten (not a big deal) about 10 min later there was another knock on door and the delivery man was back with plates cups and a fat stack of napkins! Honestly I was and still am shocked. Damn good service if you ask me, and again the pizza is amazing!!
HIGHLY recommend choosing Paulie'sThe absolute worst lunch delivery experience I have ever had. I called to place our order for 1 pizza at 12:45pm. Gave them the benefit of the doubt on a lunch rush and didn't call back to check on the order until 1:56pm. They told me that they had tried to deliver but had not wrote down my extension so they couldn't call to let me know it was here. I would understand this if I wasn't absolutely positive that I had given it. The woman on the phone never once apologized and tried to place the blame on our building security for not allowing them to just come up to the office. While I agree it would have been nice if they had, I can't argue with their policies to keep our building secure. It then took another 45 minutes for them to return with what I believe was the same pizza. At this point now cold and chewy. To complete the experience the delivery guy tried to pull the I don't have change game. Seriously. The pizza was $12 and I had a $20. I had to go to a bagel shop in the building to break my $20 so that I could pay for my pizza that took 2 hours to get here.  If this were the best pizza in the city I still wouldn't order from here again. A little customer service would have gone a long way.BE VERY CAREFUL!!! I just ordered $50 worth of food. I was told that this would be delivered in 30-40 minutes. 75min later the driver shows up. What was sealed (a calzone & salad) were fine. My pasta however shows up looking like someone was eating it, it smelled amazing too! WOW! Not sure I'll ever order from here again...
However...I just got a fresh order from the owner...at 1:30am, well after they closed! Now, That's class and great service...Their online ordering system didn't give me a chance to use the coupon code they advertised, and when I called to ask them about it they were rude and took half an hour to tell me I couldn't get the discount now that I'd placed the order. 
Then they wouldn't even give me extra topping on the pie to offset the loss of the discount. Worst possible customer service. C'mon, do *something* about how I just got ripped off by your broken system.
Then I waited an hour for the pie. 
Then after I ate it, it gave me some raunchy indigestion.
Definitely won't order from here again, but I can't lie--it's a good pizza. Large slices, lots of toppings. Floppy thin crust, just the way I like. Tasty as hell, to be frank. So plus a star. But not even nearly worth it.So I was in a new City and wanted a late night pizza, maybe I'm too much of a snob, but this was in the top 3 worst pizzas I've ever had. Save your money and do Domino's Pizza Hut, or papa johns.My new favorite place for gluten-free pizza that doesn't taste like it's gluten-free. Love that they're open so late. And their pizza's are big, which means lots of leftovers:)!I'm forced to give a 1 Star but everyone should know these guys are the worst. I was STARVING at 11:25 PM tonight and stuck in my hotel. I ordered a Pizza and a Salad. Here it is 1:00am. I called and told them to refund my money I paid on credit card because the pizza still has not arrived. (I called times in the last 40 minutes and they didn't answer... I was determined to get someone on the phone if it took till tomorrow). Bottom line... I read the negative reviews and figured it couldn't be that bad. Oh well... I'll have to eat a few bags of potato chips!
... 2 weeks later... No return calls and no refund on the delivery I pre paid and never reached my hotel.
How do you spell.... t h i e f .. Pauly'sSounds like the delivery may be a problem but I went there and the food and service was good. Pizza was great and also the chicken parm. Price was reasonable. Give it a try.worst customer service - deliveries are consistently over an hour and a half late, incorrect orders are delivered. I was told I wouldnt be charged until I discussed my issues with the boss. However, I was charged in ful without signature.  I have not been able to get in contact with the boss, Christina I believe.
Ridiculous, horrendous experience. Lesson learned. I will never order from here again.Buyer Beware! I ordered lunch from here today on the Foodler website. It was the 8 piece chicken finger platter, which includes fries, coleslaw and a dipping sauce. I even ordered an extra sauce (for $.50) so I wouldn't run out fast. First issue - I use a cane to get around and the delivery driver had me come out to his car to get my food instead of coming into my warm building lobby. I had already added his tip to my order, so I chalked that up to me being a fool. Second issue - I get to my desk and all I got was the 8 chicken fingers and 2 sauces. Apparently, my 'server' Carmeita (name on the receipt) doesn't know what is included in a platter. I called Paulie's and got met with major attitude and was put on hold for around 15 minutes before I had to hang up to go back to work. This is not the first time that I ordered from this place, but it will definitely be my last. It's a shame that my first review had to be this one, but I hope that this keeps it from happening to someone else.It was almost 3am and we were wandering the streets for some grub.  This place was the only one open.  
ATMOSPHERE:
The no-frills eatery sports a few booths adorned with a mishmash of different colored tablecloths and protective plastic covers. 
MENU:
Pizza, stromboli, calzones, sandwiches, cheesesteaks, burgers, salads, pastas, wings, fries, onion rings. 
FOOD:
Wing Dings - I opted for the 8-pieces, and specifically asked for them to be done in their New Garlic Parmesan flavor.  After returning to our hotel room, I discovered they also lathered them in their Buffalo sauce.  WTF?!  Not a good mix at all.  To add insult to injury, the wings were soggy.  
Supreme Pizza Slice - Again, after getting back to our hotel and opening the bag, I noticed my pizza slice WAS NOT INSIDE.  I phone them ASAP, and a female who likes to call people "honey" answers the phone.  I tell her my situation.  She asks for the ticket number on the receipt which I provided.  She then tries to research what happened without putting me on a muted hold, which was a good thing as I could hear what was going on.  When she came back on, I asked if it could be delivered to our hotel and give her the name of it, she says "Yes, no problem" but doesn't get the room #.  She puts the phone aside un-muted again, and I hear her talking to other employees about the situation, then takes another call that came in on another line.  I'm still waiting thinking she'll come back on, but no, click!  Flabbergasted, I call back and ask if she'd like the room #, she said yes.  The slice never got delivered.  Sigh...
Cheesesteak - My spouse's dish.  After not finishing the horrendous Wing Dings and having no pizza, I then start to pick at one of my spouse's cheesesteaks which was filled with lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms, and grilled onions.  I'm so not a fan or expert on these, but it was okay tasting.  The bread was soft, the meat tender.  I ended up finishing the toppings but hardly touched the bread. 
SERVICE:
Tianna was the responsible party for this fiasco.  While she was nice and pleasant, she obviously can't focus on her duties.  When I showed her the Yelp check in offer of a "Free 2-liter of pop with your pizza," she says she never heard of it.  I then ask if this gray description means a WHOLE pizza or a SLICE.  She nonchalantly agrees with the former, so it was not honored.  And to think I gave her a 20% tip for takeout service. 
OVERALL:
Avoid.  Eat something at Wawa if you must.It's 2 a.m. Saturday morning, girlfriend and I are pleasantly bombed out of our minds. She says she really wants pizza and I agree cause hey, who wouldn't want to eat some drunk pizza? I launch GrubHub to see all the pizza places that are open in the area and Paulie's is the first and only one that did delivery. We ordered a regular cheese pie with some veggies and meats. She had her side with her toppings and I had mine. Delivery time was an hour so we popped the question, "Want to drink some more?" 3 a.m. rolls by, I get a call, and we devour our pie. They messed up where the toppings were supposed to go and basically covered the whole pizza with them, but whatever. I was too excited to fall into my food coma. All in all, I would order again only if I was in the same circumstances.Yuk. Flew all the way from Denver today and couldn't wait to get a cheesesteak hoagie and the hotel recommended this place. Major yuk. Don't get a cheesesteak hoagie here or you will be sorely disappointed.Found this little hole in the wall on yelp while walking the neighborhood. For $7.00 I got a HUGE Italian Hoagie, chips and a Coke. Seriously huge sandwich, very delish as well. Forget Subway, they can have their $5.00 foot longs. This is the real deal! 
My only complaint was that it was very very warm inside the restaurant. 
Next time I'm gonna try the pizza!Opened late on the weekends for a quick bite to eat. Not much variety when we went but can't go wrong with pepperoni. Ordered by the slice.I usually do take-out from Paulie's so I can't comment on their delivery which seems to be what a lot of reviews are slamming them for.  
The pepperoni and mozzarella stromboli was really good, if a little on the greasy side, but it's pepperoni so why wouldn't it be greasy?  I've also had the roasted pepper grilled chicken sandwich which was a winner in my book.  The chicken was thinly sliced and juicy, the roasted peppers added a nice flavor and the provolone was the perfect choice to go on this sandwich.  Paulie's also has solid onion rings, I get an order almost every time I go. 
The restaurant itself is definitely not somewhere that I want to sit and eat, which is why I tend to pickup my food and come back to work to eat it.  It's a typical pizza joint with booth seating where everything feels like it's covered in a layer of grease.  The employees aren't overly friendly, but they aren't rude either.  Also a bonus is that they take LevelUp and the Jefferson FastPass so if you don't have cash, you're still okay.Delivered fast,food fresh. Only spent $10 . Driver was nice .most importantly i ordered for delivery 5 mins before closingPhilly's late night options within Market East/Midtown Village remain irritatingly limited. We have a lot of awesome restaurants serving gourmet, late night bites until 1am, but there exist few options after those kitchens close shop. I staunchly support gay rights yet find Gay Pizza's slices loathsome, and it's fairly inconvenient to schlep out to Chinatown or Rittenhouse for the tasty post-2am options over there.
As such, it's nice to know there's a perfectly mediocre pizza place open until 4 (with delivery too!) on the weekends. The pizza doesn't taste particularly special. The crust is crispy but not sturdy or flavorful enough to support a heft of toppings. The sauce tastes rather insipid save for a heady punch of dried herbs. Paulie's cheese blend does taste relatively good and has some flavor, so points for that. 
Regardless of my gripes, this stuff is perfectly passable and thus leaps and bounds ahead of Gay Pizza. They do cheesesteaks and other stuff as well, just in case the mood for drunk food other than pizza strikes. It's my go to place for drunk eats within a reasonable walking distance of Midtown village.First review ever, just so say how totally shitty this place is. Ordered through grubhub at 2am, the ETA was about an hour, not bad. But a hour and a half later it hadn't arrived so I called grubhub to see what was up. They told me the delivery would be about another 10 minutes. Another half hour passes. I call the restaraunt directly. I extremely politely asked when the driver would be here, and the douche from Paulie's just said "I dont know when he'll be there". And hung up on me. That was totally ridiculous. 
Cancelled my order. If I could give this place zero stars, I would.Reviews for this place so far have sucked, I have no complaints... Ordered delivery from grub hub and it showed up exactly when they said it would, contrary to other reviews. Standard sodium laden late night grub, perfect for a late night bite.We ordered a small calzone for about $6 and it was huge - it filled the two of us up. The best part is it was fresh and hot out of the oven - no sitting under a heat lamp. Cozy environment and authentic Philly experience.While Philadelphia does not have great late night delivery options, I would rather eat a boiled shoe that had been used to run a marathon than ever eat here again.  Not only did the cheese and toppings fall off of literally every slice that me and three friends ate, but all four of us spent the following day with unbelievably painful stomach bugs that led to one person vomiting in a starbucks bathroom and another spending the entire day on a toilet.  
In all seriousness, the pizza is terrible. save your money. save your stomach. save yourself.These guys delivered some bullshit to me!! First and foremost, it was ground out like ground beef. Secondly it had NO COLOR to it at all, and 3rd, the only thing that was REALLY GOOD was the off brand name chips!! There was no cheese actually on the sandwich that was supposedly a philly cheese steak!! I paid my money for this Bullshit and that's what it was!! BULLSHIT!! Then the so-called delivery people come up and say they have no change. KEEP THE EXACT CHANGE WHEN YOU'RE DEALING WITH PEOPLE!!! THEY ARE DEFINITELY OFF OF MY LIST!! THEY'VE FAILED THE TEST WITH THESE DRIED SANDWICHES THEY SOLD TO ME!!
Imagine sloppy joes with no sauce! That's exactly what the hell it looked like!!!Everything from the cheesesteak to the pizza was delicious. Best onion rings I've ever had. Definitely will be returning! They did forget the ham on my pizza two nights in a row though.Food was decent. I had a cheese Stromboli, my friend had a mediocre attempt at a cheese steak. The Stromboli was covered in copious amounts of grease, and the steak was dry. Both dishes had some semblance of flavor, so I will report with two stars instead of one. I will, however, say that my estimated delivery time (1 hour) was long surpassed, and we received our meal much later than we thought we would (more like 2 hours).This seriously is the worst pizza I've ever had. I would rather have had little caesars or frozen pizza over this. Plus they forgot my 2 liter and didn't even put pepperoni on it. Save your money and go somewhere else. Anywhere elseOrdered delivery and it was pretty bad.  Caesar salad could have been ok, but there was so much water on the undressed lettuce that the croutons were dissolving and the whole thing turned into a soggy mess.  The "large" calzone that we ordered for a $5 upcharge seemed slightly larger than a hot pocket and tasted about as good.  Dough seemed somewhat cakey and the toppings (stuffings?) were soggy.  And no, I didn't toss them in the salad.We ordered through Seamless and received an estimate of 45-60 minutes.  90 minutes later, we received a cold pizza.  We called for a status update right before the delivery driver showed up, and the manager/owner(?) got on the phone and offered a half-hearted apology, along with a disclaimer that it's a Saturday and you should expect deliveries to take longer than advertised.  He offered no amends other than to remake the pizza, which no thanks, we just waited an hour and a half for the one.  I'm far from the only one with a bad experience on here from the looks of it. The worst part of it was the callous attitude of the owner on the phone. I've worked in the pizza business, and never experience that before.This place is so so right it's just so wrong.  Cannot even begin to imagine how many calories are in the stromboli but my gosh was it amazing.  We had Paulie's deliver to our hotel.  They have everything, even gluten free pizza!  We went with a quite large array of food including:  white pizza, meat lovers stromboli (which was ridiculously large and freakin amazing) cajun chicken sandwich, wings, grilled veggie grinder and cheesesteak.  Everything was so so so good and reasonably priced.  They deliver til FOUR AM.  So dangerous.Got a Paulie's special (peppers, onions, meats, etc.) to go and by the time I walked 4 blocks, juice was dripping out of the box. It was a soggy mess to eat and didn't have any taste. Only up side was I got a free 2 liter sprite with yelp check in.This is a good establishment for late night eats, however you will regret it because of the heavy heart burn.  I ordered a slice after a night of drink, the food was good at the moment.  But the heart burn during my sleep and in the morning I regretted my actions.   The place is A-OK!WORST FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE TO DATE.
EVERYTHING GONE WRONG! 
I placed an order for a RARE burger, fries and mozzarella sticks the food arrived two hours later with NO mozzarella sticks, BURNT DRY BURGER and SOGGY COLD fries.. I called the restaurant and spoke to Christine the manager after she placed me on hold and hung up on me several times. I must say I have never felt this disrespected as a customer in my entire life.
Christine not only refused to compensate me for the incorrect order and 2 hour wait, never apologized and actually ordered me to return it myself in person since she did not have time for "bullshit" VERBATIM. But continued to offend me by claiming that since they were closing and she wanted to go home to go back and bring it back by 6AM and if I was late she would charge me. SAY WHAT??? Despite the delay and the order being wrong she was the most condescending person I have ever interacted with and It astonishes me she would be a manager treating paying customers this way.
 DISGRACE.
Luckily I was able to contact EAT 24 and get my meal reimbursed. The customer support even mentioned having several problems with this restaurant and complaints in the past.
STAY AWAY!I order from this place all the time. They're food is delicious and they always get my order right! But, delivery time is always an hour or more. So, if your starving, make sure you order way in advance.I was in Philly visiting friends for NYE and ordered pizza from Paulie's (through Grub Hub). Like several other reviews, my food never showed. I even included a note with my order specifically asking that the delivery person call my cell when he or she was close by since the entrance was a tad confusing. Never got a call. 
I called Grub Hub and they spoke with the restaurant. Paulie's refused to refund the order and stated they attempted to deliver every single order. Not sure how that works when I did not receive one single phone call. Grub Hub stepped up and refunded. 10 points for GH. 0 points for Paulie's.Online order from Grub hub never came.  I called Grub hub, who called them and they said it was on the way.  2 hungry hours later, i'm going to god damn little pete's.We were stumped for a pizza option and conferred with the hotel staff--they recommended Paulies.  We consulted Yelp and it seemed that you either love it or hate it appears.  Given the complaints that seem to revolve around delivery, we picked it up.  It was good, basic pizza.  The atmosphere is your basic pizza place as well.Never Again! More than 1 hr and half for a 1 mile pizza delivery! I think not!Made us wait an hour for a pizza and french fries, and then forgot the 2liter of soda that we ordered, though they did not forget to charge.....how difficult is it to make a pizza and fries, and deliver it with a soda? Morons!!! Never againThis is the most horrible food when you order from them they take all night or all day to deliver and the food comes it's not hot and it is the most disgusting food you've ever had. do not waste your time and money like I did ,when you eat the food it feels like you're about to throw up after a couple of bites, they must have rats in their placeIf I could give them a negative rating I would. Messed up our order in every way. Ordered meatball parm, got eggplant parm (one of us is allergic). Ordered a pepperoni pizza and got a plain "pizza." If you can even call it that. And the wrong soda. Maybe if you go in person they'd be better? But do not order from them!Stopped in for a slice, and boy I was impressed. The pepperoni pizza was delicious. Top-notch. Service was friendly.Please make sure you read all the reviews. Seems like most of the bad reviews are from ordering delivery. If you want it done right go to the restaurant. The pizza has great taste! I had the buffalo chicken pizza slice and a regular cheese pizza slice. The buffalo sauce had great taste and wasn't overly spiced. Chicken was good. Cheese slice was up to par. I'm from out of state and was looking for a great hole in the wall kind of place, this was a great stop!Have to say the food was good but I have never been more disappointed in a food delivery. They forgot the jalapeño poppers and charged me, never got my 3 cherry cokes, and then she said they were gonna send me back mozz sticks in place with my sodas and then never came back.........BEAT SAUCE MAN!Stopped in for a slice, and boy I was impressed. The pepperoni pizza was delicious. Top-notch. Service was friendly.On our last night in Philly we got a hankering for pizza. We looked up online and found this joint. We liked the name because, hey yo it sounds authentic.  We ordered a  cheesesteak and half cheese large. It was dlish.   Hit the spot for midnight snack craving. And we still have a couple slices left over for breakfast.I can only speak for the pizza and it was just as I had hoped. A very good size thin crust slice. It fit the bill so well I went there 2 days in a row. Now that I'm back in LA I wish I had eaten more and tried a cheese steak or hoagie.