I had high hopes for Pei Wei when it opened last summer.  I am a big fan of PF Changs, and when I heard Pei Wei was run by the same company, I figured it would be the next best thing.
Pei Wei has a great concept - higher quality, chinese pseudo-fast food (think a chinese version of Panera Bread).  Some of the food is tasty - the lettuce wraps are just as good as the ones you get at PF Changs, for example.  The problem is most of the other dishes range from average to, well, average.  So it's not really that Pei Wei is bad, it's just not as good as it could be.  And because of that, I just can't bring myself to give it more than 3 stars.
The service is pretty good - if you're going there for a business lunch, you can usually be in and out in 30 minutes.  Keep in mind that there's no waitress service - you order your food when you arrive (like I said - think Panera).Pei Wei is fast, cheap and good. The portions are generous (my boyfriend and I can split one entree and an appetizer and both be satisfied). Also, nutritional information is on their website, so you can figure out what dishes are the healthiest.
I LOVE the fact that they have hot chili paste as a condiment, even the spicy dishes require a little more heat for me.
Last time we visited, our edamame was ready before we got to our table. The service is amazingly fast, but obviously can get a bit slow around lunch. The chai tea is just okay, I usually just stick with water or Jones soda.
The Pad Thai is very good for a fast food joint, not too sweet. I love the tofu and egg in it. I also really like the Chicken Dan Dan Noodles, which has both chicken and cucumber in it, a favorite flavor combination of mine. But I always return to the Pad Thai with chicken.
Also, I always eat at least two fortune cookies. I swear theirs are less cardboardy than usual.When i realized that my company put me in a hotel next door to a Pei Wei, I was so excited. I convinced my group of fellow employees staying at the hotel to go here for dinner...bad idea. The person that was at the front door acted like we offended him by walking in. He acted like he didn't want to help us at all. The place was messy and the food unfortunately was just as bad as the service. My Mongolian beef was burnt to a crisp and my fried rice was cold. Needless to say I never went back even though I could've seen myself eating there every night. I won't be back. I hope the next Pei Wei is better.Went during a slow period on a Friday night. Got Pei Wei Spicy with Chicken and Fried Rice. The rice was alright. The chicken wasn't good though. The sauce was a 0/10 in spiciness. It was super sweet and not very flavorful. They do get a bonus star for having chili paste available, but that couldn't save the dish.
Overall I was super dissapointed with the food. Would probably just go to Chipotle next door next time.Our meal was horrible! We ordered take out. When we got home we discovered that the lettuce that came with the lettuce wraps was old and inedible (the majority of the lettuce was clearly pink).  So we couldn't eat that! Then I ordered the Thai Dynamite chicken. I have had it before and this time it was bland and tasteless. I only ate a couple bites and then gave up it was so bad. There was nothing dynamite about it. My husband got the friend rice and it tasted more like red Spanish rice then it did fried rice. Very disappointed. Not eating here again!With all of the to-go orders I've placed where they've quoted a time, I've gotten there 5 minutes after, and am still stuck waiting, you would think I would write a bad review, but that would be a disservice. It is just too damned good. 
I'll be honest, If you do not like P.F. Changs and it's Americanized version of Chinese food, you'll hate Pei Wei as well. But for those of you who dig it, It can't be beat. Pei Wei literally rips off P.F. Change menu (they're owned by them) and gives you smaller portions for a lower (more appropriate) price . It's excellent for take out and since it's individual, you can get it as spicy as you want without irritating your friends. The concept is simple, you pick from a protein, a sauce, and a cooking style and "Wa La!!" You have a quick fantastic meal.I  wrote a review about P.F. Changs  awhile back.  I  prayed   that a P.F. Changs would open up near me.   I kept driving past Pei Wei with a heavy judgement until I discovered  it was owned by P.F. Changs.  My nickname for Pei Wei  is  P.F. Changs  Junior.   Now I   can only report about  the takeout.   It is  pretty good.  Not as great as P.F. Changs.    One thing I love about Pei Wei is the tofu strips they put into  the dishes.  I have had the Pei Wei  Spicy with tofu several times.  It is chewy and full of flavor- not  like regular tofu which is gelatinous and yucky.  I  wish  they would package  their tofu and sell it in the grocery store.  My guess is that they partial  dehydrate  marinated tofu and then  deep fry it.    I  also love the Lo Mein  with shrimp although it is  a little on the sweet side.   Service is super speedy.  I  go there  at off  hours  and only have had to wait at the most ten minutes  after placing my order.  It would be great  if P.F. Changs would open up a few more locations closer to me than Plymouth Meeting Mall  but   I understand they have to be in  places that have  huge parking lots.  So for now I am happy with Pei Wei as a quick alternative to his daddy.The place looks very nice and comfortable, only been there once and I got food to go. I would definitely go back for full sit down experience.
wait and line ordering was complexly unorganized. Seems very understaffed, when i was there the lady who bussed the tables also took the orders
It said spicy, but it wasn't spicy at all
I am willing to go back and give this place a second chance order something else and dine in
It's second chance worthyHire another cook. It makes no sense to have 3-4 order takers and one cook especially in the middle of the busy lunchtime hours of 12-3pm.Can't believe I got suckered in by the chicken lettuce wraps (PF Chang's Style) That's about the only thing worth ordering here. Take heed people.Uninspired and unreliable. 
I've had decent food here from time to time.  The employees are friendly enough. But every time I try to go, there seems to be some sort of problem.  They don't carry my favorite menu item anymore, they closed earlier than the posted hours, etc. 
Not really worth the trouble.I recently ate here and thought my meal was pure garbage. The place is like the McDonald's of Chinese food. At least the restaurant was clean.Tonight I was hungry for some fast Asian food and I was in for a surprise. First the guy that had taken my order was distracted by his phone. Second our appetizer came out way after our entrée....no apology from the server. Third, the lettuce wraps were so damn salty...I thought for sure I would croak right there.  I sent the wraps back..once again no apology. The ignorant waitress brought me another round...once again no apology or even an "enjoy". I only gave them 2 stars because my entree of Kung Pao Chicken was actually tasty. I will never visit again!!!!Pei Wei is not a bad option if you want a lot of Chinese food for cheap, because the portions are huge. The food quality is average, but I've had a lot worse.
The menu is essentially "American Chinese" with some fusion dishes too. I definitely recommend the Pei Wei Spicy, which is similar to General Tso's. 
One item of note, I consistently find dirty cups and dishes when I dine in at Pei Wei. I would recommend take out, or if you dine-in, get  your drinks in paper cups.My boyfriend and I have frequented this location in the past and decided to visit Saturday night. After placing our order with a distracted cashier (he asked us to repeat our order twice) we headed into the messy dining area. Let me just say it was atrocious. With only four occupied tables, someone should have been out there cleaning.  Almost every table was messy and the floor had debri all over it.  We could see employees in the kitchen area goofing off, since the door was slightly open. The person who brought us our food did not deliver the standard extra plates or napkins. Meanwhile I saw an employee out of uniform (in a t-shirt) deliver another couple's food. (*Sigh* so unprofessional). The meal was lackluster at best; we ordered our usual: Kung pao shrimp.  Lackluster describes this entire experience: this location needs to get it together. It's going downhill and I'm not sure we'll ever return 1.5/5 for Pei Wei.Not bad for Americanized quasi pan-Asian cuisine. It's all fairly tasty, in a fake Asian food kind of way. Portions are pretty large, though mostly heavy on the rice. Dishes with rice are around $8 each, but we had buy-one-get-one-free coupons for the entrees. For half price, this place was amazing. 
The "spicy" dishes are not very spicy (or at all, really). Regardless, I particularly enjoyed their approximation of a Thai green curry. The "steak" option seemed better than the chicken: in both the chicken dishes we ordered, the chicken came in the standard battered and fried nuggets soggy with goopy sauce typical of American Chinese takeout. But at least the meat appeared to be white meat, and was not gristly or with other unpleasant inclusions often found in Chinese food. However, I still think the steak option was better, though they were less generous with the beef strips. 
The guy at the counter who took our orders was very nice, and even came chasing after us in the parking lot when he gave us the wrong dish (not that we would've been able to tell the difference). 
For those of you who ever had the privilege of being familiar with Teen Girl Squad, I leave you with this: MSG'd!!! Oww, my stomach lining. But in this case, it burns in a good way.I go to Pei We at least once a month. The food is better than any other Chinese place or takeout joint. The food is fresh, cooked to order and delicious. One of my favorite dishes is the Pad Thai.What can I say? I moved from Pei Wei's STRONGEST market in Dallas to Philadelphia. HUGE PEI WEI FAN! Great service!!! You can't go wrong with the vietnamese chicken salad rolls. Very low fat, healthy, and tasty! Also, try the Asian coconut curry! SO GOOD!I used to live within walking distance of this pei wei, so it was a very convenient spot for fast take-out. The food is pretty good for essentially fast food, it is also very Americanized Asian cuisine, so someone looking for an authentic meal is definitely not going to get it. That being said, I generally like it and regularly return. What really has me bothered is their new sushi campaign. I don't have a problem with the sushi itself, I've tried it once and it was pretty good. My problem is that they never have any. They consistently run out before 6 pm, which is ridiculous. If you are going to do a huge promotion of a new product you are offering, maybe you should have enough where you don't run out every day before the dinner rush even begins. The cashiers even wear t-shirts about their sushi! I have ordered from this place probably over 10 times, and every single time I have tried to order the sushi, and every single time they have told me that they've run out. And I don't order dinner really late either, I would say I've never ordered later than 7pm. I'm guessing this is just an example of really poor management.This is quick, Asian food. I had teriyaki chicken over fried rice and the mango California roll.  I ordered the original bowl because the small bowl looked, well, small. Lol. Don't be fooled though.  You get a lot of food in the small bowl.  My friends and I had to take our leftovers.  My friend really enjoyed the chicken salad roll.  She had never tried it before and said she would definitely order it elsewhere when she goes out.  The sushi was okay.  Nothing fancy.  The cashier was very helpful even though he was also the server and the receptionist when the phone rang.  I definitely love the large menu when you walk in. 
I would return.Don't even bother coming here. No effort by staff to clean anything or even ice the beer. Been here 40 min and they have not cleaned a single table I and others had to clean their own. An hour before they closed the beer bin had little to no ice and when I asked about it I was told they close soon so no need to ice. They close in over an hour!!! At 8:45 an employee turned the music off (same one who didn't care to ice the beer) and was told by someone I am guessing is in charge to turn it back on. Guessing it was a we are closing in 45 minutes time to wrap up type of thing. Very poorly run and no management at all in the evening.I came here for the first time.  I didn't know what it was but my sister said it was good.  It's like an asian fast food place.  The foods we ordered were all very good.  They have great customer service!  The lady at the register counter was very nice and was helping in describing the dishes to us so we could figure out what we wanted to eat.  The tables were always being cleaned and the servers (if you decided to dine in) were very accommodating and polite.  One server even waiting for the customer who were getting their drinks from the soda machine to sit down before she brought over there meals.  The staff was very well trained at this establishment.  I will most likely visit again if i'm in the area.Order your food from here its healthy & Great tasting food. 
The staff seem happy and friendly.  I eat here twice a week.I have eaten here over the years since it opened maybe 3 years ago(?). Always for lunch.  This is by far the best Chinese/Asian food I have had on this coast. Your order is fresh made and delivered to your table by happy wait staff.  
If you have small children that may balk at spicy food you can always get brown rice and steamed veggies for a small price.
Even if you don't like Chinese food go for the red floor, it is something to behold.Horrible service. How is it possible to have a second dish served 30 min after the first entree comes out? Not only that but two parties that came after us were completely served before us. No one from management came out to notify us about a reason for the wait. And when the second dish finally came, all the server/busser could manage was a weak apology. Sorry but it's apparent that the workers don't care about getting food out on a timely manner and the management doesn't care about the customer experience. And this was on a Sunday night. Not busy at all.So my boyfriend and I have tried this place twice for takeout and I was pleased each time. The staff was friendly and our food was done pretty quickly. 
The first time I got the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice which was just okay and he got the caramel chicken and brown rice which I enjoyed more. We've also tried the steak and brown rice which was tasty. 
This place makes me feel not as guilty when eating chinese and the prices and portions are reasonable, so i'll definitely be back.This is my favorite lunch place in the City Line Ave area.  Impressive selection of Asian cuisine for a chain.  Doesn't feel to chainy inside.  Love the Pei Wei spicy which is their General Tso, Mongolian Beef is good to, and also the Kung Pow. Not huge on their salads.  Their lettuce wraps are good and quality hot and sour soups. I've tried just about everything on the menu.  I recommend the combo and getting a spring roll with it.  Also if you eat in, sometimes they have the huge tall boy cans of Sapporo.Casual, laid-back atmosphere and decent food.  The spring rolls were great, and I got the Thai Mango Chicken (which only happens to be there for a limited time right now) and it was good but a bit spicy for my taste.  Would definitely come back to try all the other selections they have, provided I'm in the area again.Went here for lunch on Friday with my boyfriend on a whim, and we were very disappointed. We went at the tail end of the lunch rush, and it was still quite crowded, but there was only one person working the register. This would normally not be an issue, except she was also the same person putting the numbers on the tables to indicate where the orders need to go. Also, they were out of the menus that describe what all the sauces are, so we had no clue what to order until we reached the register, which had a screen that described everything. No wonder the line was moving so slowly!
We sat down and waited for our food to come, which took a little while, but we were in no rush and the place was crowded. Not an issue. When our food finally came, we were very disappointed to say the least. I ordered the pad thai noodle bowl, and calling it pad thai is awfully generous. It tasted like pad thai by way of an Americanized Chinese food strip mall restaurant, and I mean that in the most derogatory sense. The noodles were mushy, and the sauce tasted exactly like (and nearly had the consistency of) peanut butter. My boyfriend had similar things to say about his dan dan noodle bowl; the sauce in his was so thick he refused to eat even half of it.
I don't know if we ordered the wrong things, or the kitchen was having an off day, or if we merely were victims of dining at the tail end of the lunch rush, but we will not be returning.Love this fast food version of PF Changs. Dishes are equally flavorful but served in individual portions vs. the Changs family style concept.  Variety menu that combines the popular classics with new menu items.I've been to Pei Wei plenty of times and at the beginning the food tasted really good. I tried Pei Wei's when they first came to city line avenue, which was my first time eating asian food outside the city's commonplace chinese stores. Thereafter, I was introduced to PF Chang's. 
The taste of the food at Pei Wei's would vary over the years depending on who the chef was that day. The amount of people ordering may also be variable in how good the food will taste because whenever it is fewer people, the food seems to be made better. I have ONLY purchased the Pei Wei Spicy so I was able to tell when a chef didn't make it as good. 
The Pei Wei spicy is made with a sauce similar to general tso with spicy seasoning added. I usually tell them to be light with the spices. You can get brown, fried or white rice as a starch. You have the option of adding shrimp or chicken. It also comes with vegetables all for $10.79 which includes taxes. The employees are usually kind with proper appearance. It's very clean inside and has adequate seating.I decided to go because I was interested to see what this new addition to City Line Avenue was really like. I ordered Spring Rolls and the Teriyaki Bowl.  Both were good overall.  I must admit I am not a big fan of Chinese food because I know most places sell a fake version of it.  However, the Spring Rolls were larger than I expected and very tasty.  The Vegetable-Tofu Teriyaki Bowl was okay.  The rice was overcooked and they were stingy with the tofu.  But again thats why it was just ok.    Also, they made an attempt to give us something different with a Cosi type atmosphere and dim lighting.   
The food is not worth a special trip but it is one of the only chinese/Asian food places in the area.First time getting take out from Pei Wei but not first time eating here.  I think people have to realize you are not in a Chinatown restaurant!  Pei Wei is to Chinese cuisine what Chipotle is to Mexican.   The food is always very fresh and tasty, made to order and affordable. I had the shrimp with caramel sauce and fried rice, spicy tuna roll and Vietnamese chicken salad roll. Everything was great and more than I could eat.  My husband had the Kung Pao steak, hot and sour soup and the pork egg rolls.  Also found it to his liking.  One son had pork egg rolls and teriyaki with chicken. He said it could have been spicier.  The other son had shrimp fried rice, Vietnamese chicken salad roll and spicy tuna roll and liked them all.  I would consider this a successful meal, but would get the one son a spicier choice and I would definitely call ahead!  The City Line location  is excellent, easy parking and great staff!I work in the area so I've eaten my fair share of lunches at Pei Wei. I like the food at P.F. Chang's so since Pei Wei is owned by the same company, this location got my attention right away.
A number of the dishes are not that great, unfortunately. But their brown rice is always cooked perfectly, the spring rolls are delicious, and I am a fan of their Thai Dynamite Chicken dish.
They have a computerized soda fountain which I am a fan of. You can choose from hundreds of soda flavors and combinations. I used to go for the Fanta but now I stick to the sparkling flavored Dasani options, which are fruity and tasty too, without all the extra calories.
The staff here are really friendly and that adds to the pleasant experience of eating here. My only complaint is that the tables are never quite as clean as I'd prefer. You can see into the open-air kitchen, and that always looks clean, but obviously the dining room should, too.
This is located in the same shopping complex as Target and a PNC Bank location, so it's a nice place to grab lunch while you're running errands.I love the Mongolian Steak with Fried Rice!  It has the PFChangs Quality (I've never been to a Pei Wei and had a bad experience)  The good always arrives quickly and has a consistent high quality taste.Don't do it to yourself. That just might be the worst Chinese/Japanese food I've ever had, like ever. The Mongolian wok thing was crazy oversauced. Couldn't finish it. The sushi rolls were worse than supermarket sushi. Three shrimp on top were the teeny salad shrimp and were fried so hard--and they were salty! Super salty. Don't say I didn't warn you.Went there for dinner and had the spicy korean chicken. The food was not awesome and not bad also. It was ok. Not going there for a second time though. The flavors were not so great. And could noit differentiate the chinese and korean flavors.This place is horrible. The food is very bad and horrible customer service. They actually did not deliver soup or spring rolls which is part of our order. 
Even the person who is taking our order was pushy and did not help us. 
Overall I want to give 0 stars but can't so I ended up with one.Stopped in with my son for a quick, early dinner - BIG MISTAKE!  It used to be okay, but it's just disgusting now.  We ordered and then made our way over the filthy, sticky floor to the drink machines....I had ordered a glass of wine, surprising the cashier as they don't have wine, of course!  I mentioned that it's on both the paper menu, the large chart menu, and the menu right in front of the registers which made her shrug....should have left right then.  Food finally arrives and it's so covered with disgusting, heavily salted 'sauce' as to be almost inedible!  I cannot believe that P.F.Changs puts their name on this awful place!  Don't go - grab a box of cereal at the Target next door and you'll be much better off!!Pei Wei is an asian-fusion diner quick service restaurant chain.  The reason why I want to write this review is because I wanted to call attention to their gluten free menu.  I've eaten there on several occasions, and they have a few GF dishes including hot entrees and salads that are yummy and readily available every time I'm there.  It's great.  It is becoming a big lunchtime favorite of mine.  Try to the Pei Wei spicy chicken - comes with sugar snap peas and carrots with nice big chunks of chicken.  A yummy alternative to the usual lunch salad indeed!I really like pei Wei except it's 11 dollars for a teriyaki bowl with rice veggies and chicken. A little pricey for Chinese food. Food has been consistently good though.I have been to PF Chang's Pei Wei (pronounced Pay Way) several times and have always had a good meal. It's fresh, tasty and cheap. They also give you big portions. last night i went to dinner with a friend. My friend had the something under "signature Dishes" - the  Vegetables & Tofu Thai Coconut Curry, which she said was spicey and tasty and I had  a dish under the "noodles and big bowls" category - the Vegetables & Tofu Lo Mein. My dish was flavorful despite not being spicey. Both dishes were loaded with vegetables. Service was prompt, despite being relatively full for early dining (we arrived at 5:30-ish).It is mediocre restaurant, I usually get the Kung Pao chicken with white rice. The chicken is tasty but the white rice is always undercooked and with no seasoning.First Time Experience - Good Stuff!
I took my family here after going to an Easter event down the street, very happy that we did.
The restaurant was very warm and welcoming. We have had carryout from another Pei Wei near us, but had never dined in. I liked the way they present the menus as you walk in (before you get to the counter where you order).  We got a variety of dishes, and my kids are huge fans of Asian noodles so they were thrilled - the kids meals were affordable and had plenty for them to eat.
My wife and I were pleasantly surprised at how fresh everything tasted - but we shouldn't have as the meals were made-to-order. They have real dining utensils (no plastic knives and forks here! We all really enjoyed a nice time, the atmosphere was easy going (contemporary music playing in the background), everyone was happy.
I would come here again for sure.I like this place! The prices are ok, and you get plenty of food.  You'll either be stuffed or take home a doggy bag.  It's not authentic chinese / asian food. It's very americanized and palatable, but good.  I'm in love with the chicken teriyaki and their brown rice. 
The place is bright, clean, with an open kitchen.  You order, sit down, and they bring the food to you fairly quickly.  It's a quick and cheap alternative to take out, if you actually want to sit.My kids love going to Pei Wei so when we needed to take a target trip we headed to dinner here first. It was a Monday night and was pretty busy. We ordered our food. 
Food- 3 stars***- the egg rolls were still frozen! I gave them back to the server. Edamame didn't show up till we were half done our meals. I got the Dan Dan noodles which is one of my usual dishes, this night it was extremely salty. My kids both got lo mein. The chicken was overlooked but still had good flavor. Their dish was also salty. The salt was so much that we had to buy water at Target after the meal.
Service- 4 starts**** the service was a little slow but they were busy so I won't make that a big deal. The girl at the register was also bringing food to the tables.  Seemed like they were short staffed. With the frozen egg rolls I asked the manager to refund my card. He did so and also took off the edamame. Then after our meal my son got started talking with the manager about how much he loves pei Wei and the chop sticks and green straws. The manager went and put together a bag of green straws, chopsticks, and fortune cookies. Made my sons day!Pei Wei is actually a scaled down version of P.F. Chang's. The owners decided several years ago to offer something a little cheaper/casual for folks who like the food from P.F. Chang's but can't afford to go out to eat all "upscale". There aren't many up here in PA, so it's hard to really know that, but when I lived in Dallas, I got the scoop as they were all brand new then.
I haven't been to this location yet, but I do know the food is tasty, just beware of the beef broccoli (yeah go figure) if you are concerned with sodium content, it's on the high side.best pei wei in town!!!! love it....i eat there 1 a week.This place seriously needs new management.  First, while waiting for my food, I heard someone who I thought was a server being really rude with a customer.  Then when I got my food there was something seriously wrong with the Pad Thai.  I'd had it there many times before so I know it wasn't right.  It wasn't edible.  I told the person at the counter and they didn't even seem open to the possibility there was something wrong and just told me it was fine.  I then asked for the manager, who turned out to be the person I thought was a server.  Well, he was an a-hole to me too, basically saying it's fine and it was me, showing no curiosity as to whether there might actually be something wrong with the dish.  I won't be going back there again and I was glad to see lots of 1 star reviews here accurately showing the horrible level of service.Clean location. Food is ok. They serve pretty generic asian-like dishes with choices of rice or lo-mein noodles. The way to go is to order chicken. The dishes with steak seem to have a smaller portion of meat.It would have been nice to get an email saying they didn't have half my order by the time I got there. Pour management on that.This place used to be good. When T and I first started dating we went here on Friday night all the time since it was across the street from his office. Not gourmet and a tad expensive but the food was good and the service decent. It's turned into a sh*t show. The food is lukewarm and bland and on my most recent visit I waited 20 minutes for  a cup of soup. When it didn't show up I made two requests. Another 20 minutes later and nothing. So I waited another 10 minutes in line for a refund.
The tables are never bussed and service is lackadaisical at best. It's a mess. Save your money and eat somewhere else.The only edible part of my meal was the fortune cookie. Food was too salty to eat.  The soup was like warm at best. Ended up throwing the food in the garbage after a few bites. Just awful.Like the rest of the places in this area, this place is super slow! The employees don't really care how long you wait and just work non chalantly. There was only 3 people ahead of me in line and it took 25 minutes to get my takeout order. They didnt even put a fork in my takeout bag! The food however was very good but certainly not worth the wait. I had the Thai basil, which was super spicy and I enjoyed. 1 rating for service and 3 for food which lands an overall 2 rating.(3.5) good overall food & service
OUR MENU:
* Iced Chai Tea = (4) very good
* Pei Wei Spicy Beef w. White Rice = (3.5) good, but not that spicy...
* Wasabi Crunch Roll = (3.5) good
* Pork Egg Roll = (3.5) good
* Chocolate Chip Cookie = (3.25) pretty goodI had a surprisingly decent experience at Pei Wei - and this is the first and only time I'd ever been to one.  It's kinda like the Qdoba of Chinese food.  You place your order and pay at the front counter, then take your number and sit down.
I ordered from a VERY nice young man at the counter.  I had an order of 4 (fried) cream cheese wontons (supposedly they had crab - but they were very light on the crab) and the Viet Namese Chicken rolls (Not the salad wraps - the rice paper rolls).  Good but I've had way better.
Due to the EXCELLENT friendly service - not only from the counter man (who gave me a coupon for my next visit when he heard this was my frst) - but also the sweet young gal who nrought me my order, and the very CLEAN and uncrowded (note it was 11:25 AM on a Thursday) this porbably made my experience better than it could have been.
That said - I will return again to try a "bowl" or entree.  I would not get the Viet rolls again - but I would splurge on the cream-cheesey fried goodness once in a great while.  I also would like to try their Thai style wonton soup.  
Not bad - really.  I am pleasantly surprised and will return again to test them.  P.S.  My order total with tax was just under $12 - kinda high for lunch on a workday.  (No beverage!!!!)First time here today.  Had a hot n sour soup to start.  Very small portion, maybe 5 or 6 spoonfuls at the most.  Ordered up the Spicy Korean w/ Chicken and brown rice.  A very generous portion for sure, and everything cooked well.  The sauce was a bit heavy and a tad sweet, but did a well enough job for lunch.  The long beans were very tasty in the entree.
For a chain, it's what you'd expect.I was invited to have dinner at Pei Wei and was pleasantly surprised because I had passed this place a million times. The dining area is nice an the lighting was relaxing. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, it was deeeelishous very flavorful and hot. I will go back to try other options very soon. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there were a few dirty tables in the dining room an we had to wipe our table off before we sat down. It was close to closing so that could be expected.The food wasn't the problem here. The ignorant girl ( _Togo) at the register was. She was very rude and did not seem to have any patience at all.  She was very short with me and interrupted me when I was trying to give my order. I am very disappointed in her professionalism. There are many people out there who don't have jobs if you don't like yours don't take it out on the customers who spend their hard earned money. Someone really needs to talk to her about her interactions with customers. Pei Wei should be ashamed that this is the face that greets and serves you. I WILL NOT BE GIVING PEI WEI MY BUSINESS IF SHE IS THERE SERVING ME.This is a great spot to go too if you want fast Chinese without sacrificing taste. I am a big fan of the Hot & Sour soup and Lemon Pepper Chicken. Although they did take it off the menu. My new favorite has become the Tia Dynamite. Food is hot and fresh and never greasy like all other Chinese fast food places. Great place 100%I have eaten Chinese food from food carts. I have eaten Chinese food in the hood from those places with bullet proof plexiglass mazes. I have eaten Chinese food that sat too long on steam tables at all you can eat buffets. But I have never eaten food as bad as fast food joint, Pei Wei, in Bala Cynwyd. The vegetables in the spring rolls were so over cooked that an infant without teeth could eat them without choking. The Kung Pao Chicken had so much salt so as to make it inedible. A friend suggested that I mix the rice in to cut the saltiness. I followed his suggestion. All that did was to make the rice inedible, too.I placed the order over the phone. I arrived 15 minutes later. The restaurant was nearly empty. The kitchen staff was standing around talking. The person working takeout saw me arrive and sat and stared at the wall while I waited. Finally he asked for my name and then said, "You a little early, aren't you?" They had not even sent my order to the kitchen yet. This place is awful. It is a shame that management and the employees are so bad at this location. I have been to other locations and had a positive experience. I won't be back to the City Ave. location.Pei Wei is great, I love their food but this location is almost always a disappointment.
The staff, one woman in particular is always so rude and I am pretty sure she just wants to sabotage our eating experience for kicks.
The food is always better and more consistent at other Pei Wei locations.  It is such a bummer since I work near here but I am so tired of dealing with their terrible service!!Tofu options on a good number of the dishes plus a touchscreen soda machine put this place on my list. The kitchen staff is on full display, which is always nice even though they're usually louder than the customers.  They lose some points for puttting mushrooms(yuck) in the spring rolls & chicken in both of their soups.We had a terrible experience.  The crab wontons were undercooked, the tofu in the Kung Pao Tofu was overlooked and rubbery, my daughter's Pad Thai had too much sauce.  We loved it the last time we were in town.  New cook, maybe?  We were disappointed.First - let's just point out Pei Wei isn't meant to be good Chinese/Asian food. It's a fast food, Asian experience. With that being said, back in 2008 - they did a fantastic job. Coming back here in 2012, it's horrible. I don't know when Pei Wei changed it's recipes, but they are now blander versions of lean cuisine meals. For the price you pay, you'd expect more. I will say the staff is always nice, and I like the outdoor seating. For almost the same price, go to California Pizza Kitchen next door.Love this place. 
Food is great, service is good. You can eat in or done right outside.
You can also call ahead and pick up.   It could just be me, but it seems like you get more food when you eat in than when you take out.
 I love the crab wontons and vegetable spring rolls.  Sometimes when I'm headed to Target which is close by, I go to Pei Wei first and pick up some wontons and spring rolls to fuel my shopping trip.  
A bit overpriced but worth it because there is no MSG. 
Condiments and utensils are plentiful. They don't charge extra.The food is decent for "fast casual", but the service is HORRIBLE.  The last two times I have been here I have waited over 30 minutes to get my food.  
Additionally, the hostess was very surly -- we had questions about some of the menu items and she wasn't forthcoming at all.  She even made a sarcastic joke about one of our questions!
Not coming back here for a long time.I came here only because a bunch of people wanted to go here for a quick meal...and I wasn't part of the decision making process. And i thought...sure, it can't be THAT bad. But...unfortunately, it was THAT bad.
I had the "special" spicy Japanese ramen...which was not ramen at all but resembled yakiudon execept that the udon noodle was made with egg... The spice seemed like they put together generic hot sauce with some ginger and called it japanese...and yes, it was terrible.
I saw other people's dishes...thai lettuce wrap (reminded me of cheesecake factory), pad thai (is there any *asian* restaurant that does not serve pad thai these days?), and a plethora of below average and terrible array of food.I am from New Orleans and i really enjoy eating at Pei wei back here. Went on vacation to Philly and visit this location. Did not like the food. Rice was awful.I really love Pei Wei!  Truly... I do.  They have indoor or outdoor seating.  Self serve fountain drinks including iced tea and lemons.  Prices are very reasonable and super awesome props for posting the caloric info as well as fat and other important information.  Spicy isn't really spicy but hey what are you going to do, it's a chain, chains NEVER give the 4 alarm fire my taste buds crave.  I love eating outside with my Great Dane as all the passers by either gawk and avoid him like the plague or rush over to make friends.  Also Starbucks is close by for a nice little after dinner coffee or espresso.I stopped in on Saturday afternoon while running errands in the adjacent shopping center and kinda regretted it.  
The germaphobe in me is generally pretty happy to see an open kitchen design, and the modern decor with digital menu board gave me high hopes.  The food I saw being delivered all looked really good.  I ordered the teriyaki rice bowl with chicken.  The dish was mainly made of rice(shocking that it was called a rice bowl right?) and lots of it!  It would probably not bother me if the rice was cooked correctly.  It was also so salty I barely got through half of the bowl.  
After about a half hour of shopping my stomach decided it also did not like the salty mush called rice.  I don't think I will be returning anytime soon.Food is very good and the price makes it a good value.
The new Thai foods are very flavorful.  I always go for the Orange Beef, it's one of my favorites.
We arrived at 8:30 and were told the dining room was closed. We had to order take out.  The restaurant closes at 9:00.  We sat on the patio with a lot of other customers.This place is ridiculous. They took my orders wrong, made me wait for more than 40 minutes and my pad Thai was dry as hell. On top of that the people working there spent more time chatting around and arguing instead of doing their job. Even empty tables around me were not cleaned for an hour.I have for sure had better Asian fusion BUT some saving graces are:
1. Serve beer including Kirin 
2. Have the cool coca cola machine that allows you to choose a plethora of soda options (seriously very cool)
As u walk in you order and pay. 
The food is then brought to the table.  No actual waitress, so to speak.
I had edemame, spring roll and sweet n sour chicken made with velvet stock ( decreases fat content by 30%)
Overall it was ok...edemame and spring roll were good but the sweet n sour chicken was just ok.
I'll likely go back but will have a different entreeI've been here too many times to count and it's been great every single time. I have ordered almost every entree but my favorite is the Mongolian Beef. The sauce is a perfect blend of spicy and sweet. Can never go wrong with the signature lettuce wraps and the cheese wontons. This is my go to spot when I'm in the need for a quick lunch or dinner.Always happy and satisfied for a reasonable price when I come here.  The staff is really nice and patient while waiting for my wife to decide what she wants.
My daughter likes the kids chicken lo mein.  They now come with stickers and activities as well as cool plastic kids chop sticks.
The only hit or miss item I've had there is the sushi, sometimes rice is too hard.  That said, for its price, I can eat past the bad rice.NOW APPARENTLY CLOSED
When I called to order pick up, the voicemail says it's permanently closed, with the closest location now being Springfield. 
No huge loss. 
Uninspired and unreliable. 
I've had decent food here from time to time.  The employees are friendly enough. But every time I try to go, there seems to be some sort of problem.  They don't carry my favorite menu item anymore, they closed earlier than the posted hours, etc. 
Not really worth the trouble.So disappointed in this location. Usually a big fan but the service is terrible here. Ice machine was broken. Ice in soda machine didn't work. Took over 20 minutes to get a to go order with only a few customers waiting and six people cooking. Orders came up and sat waiting to be boxed for the to go orders even though there were three people working the register/to go area. Staff didn't seem to care about customers at all. More interested in entertaining their friends that were hanging around. Won't be back.Pei Wei is basically a fancy version of a diner that serves Asian food. If you're looking for authentic asian food, you will be disappointed. Like its parent restaurant PF Chang, it's just a "high class" type of place that's nicely decorated with fake asian food. It's also pricier than other food court type of places, with entrees starting at 7 dollars or so. The food is OK at best. Personally, I'd stick to the food court at the mall since it's cheaper for the same quality of food, or even better, goto Chinatown. 
One bonus about this place: they offer brown rice for health freaks for *no extra charge*. That's a first I've seen that... most other places charge an extra dollar for brown rice.