Good food!! Chicken is so big and juicy, even the double fried. The employee and manager are sooooo nice and helpful! Level three is spicy but level two is yummier flavor wise. Soy is not as sweet which is good! Not only Great food but great atmosphere! I feel like I'm at a bar in nyc! There is a good selection of cocktails and soju. Beer menu is normal, not that special for the parking of chicken.The first time I visited Pelicana, I was impressed by their quirky underground lighting and welcoming staff. I was starving so I quickly ordered the fried chicken and it did the job. However, as I wanted to obtain a more accurate assessment of their fried chicken from a purely objective standpoint, not influenced by their vibe, I ordered the fried chicken to-go for a good friend of mine and me to enjoy. This time around, I think the mixture of spices and fried chicken was not a good combination for our stomachs as we were in quite a lot of pain for the rest of the night. Maybe this experience was a fluke, but just be aware if you get the fried chicken!Delicious! Had it as LEFTOVERS and the chicken was perfectly seasoned, the prices were very reasonable, and solid 10's all across the board. Can't wait to go there and eat the food again! Definitely going to explore the menu more and spend some time at the bar since the bartender, Diana, is very talented and provides excellent service! Shoutout to Nancy, an employee there, who does her best in providing 10/10 service!Worst. Meal. Ever. 
'Half chicken boneless' box with a small fries was $20. Twenty. Dollars. For some chicken nuggets. Insane. Sauce with it, (because who eats breaded dry chicken without dipping sauce), 2 dollar extra. ....
Garlic honey sauce made me so sick to my stomach that 7 hours later I had to keep a trashcan next to my bed to sleep. 
Never going back. Ever.This is not my favorite chicken but good enough. I tried :crispy original wings - they are ok ( too dry for my taste and doesn't have much flavor) ; second try was original honey BBQ - that was a winner! Very juicy and flavorful! Sweet potatoes were good too ( they also sprinkle a little bit of sugar on top). 
All in all good place to try chicken.This is very decent about average fried chicken. We ordered the crispy whole boneless chicken half level two sweet and spicy half honey garlic. Both sauces were quite delicious and level 2 was the perfect amount of spice. Based on the price we expected the meal to feed 2 people but it actually was enough food to feed 3-4 very easily. Great value for the price. 
My only complaint was that our chicken and sauce came out at a very lukewarm temperature. From this we assumed that the chicken was cooked potentially hours ago and likely kept warm under a heat lamp. I doubt they make their chicken fresh made for order.
Also note that boneless chicken is dark meat. I would have liked the option for Breast (white) meat.
Taste wise very solid and service was friendly!Had to try this place when I realized I had a closer alternative to Korean Fried Chicken than Bonchon! There's currently a bit of construction in the area which may make it a bit of a pain to get to this place, but it's not that bad and pretty easy to find parking. (Especially compared to Chinatown!) We ordered take out - 8 piece fried soy wings, and spicy fried half chicken with a side of garlic sauce and rice. Also asked for extra radish which they gave us no problem. 
We had a drink at the small bar when waiting for our food served by one of the owners - really friendly dude! The interior is honestly MUCH nicer and cozier than what I was expecting and I almost regretted getting take out!
For the food: Super delicious, crispy, and juicy while being just different-tasting enough from other Korean places to make me want to come back. Of course, Korean food tends to be on the pricier side compared to other Asian cuisines but I'd honestly say it's worth it. The garlic sauce was thick and slightly sweet and I really enjoyed it! 
If you want to try a new drink, go for the peach soju in the pink can. AMAZING!Wow, on par if not better than Banchan. They also serve beer and soju here which is a huge plus in my books. Several combo options available with all sorts of delicious things: mozzarella cheese sticks, french fries, onion rings, banchan, and chicken. The chicken is super crunchy, well seasoned, and spicy!Terrible service. Very common to wait 40 minutes for something as simple as chicken teriyaki.I am half bitter this place wasn't around when I lived in west philly and half glad because I would be approximately 50 pounds heavier if I had such easy access to their food. 
They have a fun menu of Korean fried chicken and other fried sides. We ended up sharing the "Whatever combo 1" amongst three people which was just the right size.
It comes with a whole chicken and one sauce either on the side or on the meat. It tasted more like American fried chicken to me. The skin didn't have the double crunchy layer I'm used to and the spices on the chicken were pretty ordinary. 
However the rest of the combo was amazing. The mozzarella sticks were ridiculously stretchy. The fries were endless, perfectly crispy, dusted with  and came with the best chipotle mayo dip. It also came with good veggies. There was a corn salad and a cabbage salad to round out your meal. 
Although the chicken was average, I would come for the completeness of the combo meal since you get so many sides with it.Out of all the spots for some Korean fried chicken, decided to try this spot. One of the good ones, get it with the sauce onThose who want the traditional Korean spicy chicken, ask the waiter to put and stir the spicy sauce on the chicken. (the spicy chicken on the menu is nothing but powder)
Except that this is a great place! Beer is really cheap in pitcher. I honestly think this is the best chicken place in whole Phily.Wonderful spicy crispy fried chicken! I also recommend beef quesadilla which is crispy and tasty.1st order -Chicken was good, got cripsy wings. There was more breading than I expected, the sauce was tasty, but more sauce on them than expected. 
Onion rings were great!! Fries were good.
2nd order -more onion rings, yum!!! Original chicken sandwich which was less breading, tasty. More sauce on the sandwich than desired but it was good. Dumplings we're supposed to be chicken but tasted like veggie, idk. 
5 stars, 2 orders within 7 days. I'll prob wait awhile and order again. I will ask for less sauce next time.Pretty standard Korean fried chicken place! They are open late and have a bar plus lots of seating downstairs. I didn't try any of the actual fried chicken, so I can't speak for that, but the sides were pretty good. The kimchi fried rice was really good, and the service was really quick and friendly! Overall a decent spot for Kate night hangouts with friends.Party of 5 went there for sunday dinner around 6:30pm. When we entered there were few tables but in less than an hour, place was packed. We ordered whole boneless chicken; half fried and half spicy sauced. And 24pieces of soy wings. We liked boneless chicken way better than wings. There was lack of Taste of wing sauce. We ended up leaving almost 1/3 of it. 
Spicy rice cake was good and garden salad was okVery tasty chicken.  I'm a fan of the garlic-based sauce.  I always go for boneless and original crispy.  Half-order is plenty of food for one person and I still have some leftovers.  You'll always get a tiny side of corn coleslaw (so good) and radishes(?), so I'd save your money and skip getting any of the paid side dishes.  The sandwich is good.  The original sauce has a bit of a kick to it, so again, I stick to BBQ or another flavor.  I've always eaten in.  The food can take a while to come out, but it's because they're making it fresh, so make sure you've allotted at least an hour to a meal.  Also, because the restaurant is underground, there are no windows, so it can get a little smokey and noisy.  Dinnertime is more loud than lunch, so heads up; I might eat in the bar area next time to be away from the crowds.Ordered food for a party with some Korean friends and the results were outstanding.  The delivery arrived on time, hot, fresh, and delicious.  The driver was polite and we had a great time enjoying fried chicken in various flavors (original, extra crispy, extra spicy) along with corn salad, radish pickles, ttock in spicy sauce, and salads.Meh. 40 minutes for take out? $17 for a half chicken ($2 for sauce??) 
Average at best, ridiculously overpriced.Ordered takeout and found hair in the box of fried calamari. Disgusting!!! I'd avoid coming to this place because apparently it's highly unsanitary. Had to throw everything away because of this disgusting incidentDumb overpriced.  Place will go out of business once bonchon opens up near HamCo. Portions are way too smallFood is okay. If you don't mind waiting forever to get it. Spend your time elsewhere.
This isn't the first time their service has been rather lackluster either. I've been here on 3 other occasions and each time the wait was no less than 40 minutes during not busy times of the day. Typically at night around 10/11pm. 
Their servers are not attentive to their customers needs either. 
This is the first time I've ever walked out of an establishment though. Poor service isn't deserving of my money past a certain point. And Pelicana certainly reached it.
Tonight was the last time I'm attempting to give them my business. Go to BonChon in Chinatown instead. Better chicken. Better service. Better staff.
I'd show you pictures of the food if they ever brought it out to me. Ha.I was really excited for this place to open up near Penn canvas because of how good it's been in other locations, however I was not impressed with this location. I visited late at night with a group and friends and it took a long time before anyone came to take our order. The food was okay but not worth how expensive it is compared to other places nearby. The private karaoke room is also not actually private.Imagine a Korean pub: sports tv, kpop, fried chicken, beer + lots of college kids.
The chicken is actually spicy (if you go all out like we did), like my mouth is burning, it kind of hurts but it feels good, spicy. They don't have a lot of options besides chicken so if you're coming here, commit to getting fried chicken.
The garlic one has a STRONG garlic taste that is good if you are ready for it. If you are hoping for a mild flavor, this is not the place.
The chicken itself is fairly crispy and not greasy, so I will definitely plan to come again. It just gets loud and crowded, but it appeals to this demographic!Work in progress. 
Knew about pelicana from NYC and North Jersey locations. Happy to have them in Philly. 
The chicken itself is good quality. We got 8 piece crispy, snow cheese. And 8 piece soy spicy (crispy). Crispy was too much breading for me, but definitely crispy if you want that. The menu alerts you that they fry to order so it'll be 20+ minutes. Authentic KFC will take that long... Unless it's busy and they are constantly frying which allows for chicken to come out slightly quicker. 
The soy spicy was literally zero spice. The snow cheese is interesting but nothing special. I think our server messed up my order of soy spicy... I didn't want crispy. I think there is an original option that I ordered (correct me if I'm wrong). 
Misses were service. Although staff was really friendly, everything was late. Getting drinks, ordering, refills check, etc. I don't see this as a huge problem if you're hanging out and drinking with friends, but for a quick food stop, it would be problematic since you have to wait awhile for toe KFC (it wasn't busy that night). 
Solid 4 star place if they work on service time.My husband loves this place. I've been pretty disappointed both times. 
The first time I got the boneless chicken. The honey garlic sauce was too garlicky for my taste, as in a one note flavor. The real issue was that I think the breading was too thick/oily, and not as crunchy as it should have been. I enjoyed the pickled veggie sides and corn coleslaw that came with it. Fries, ordered separately, weren't bad. 
The second time I had the crispy chicken sandwich. Hate to say it, but I think I could've gotten something equivalent at an actual fast food spot. Again, fries were reasonable (included in lunch special). But the chicken was so tough and stringy that I had to physically pull it out of the sandwich... legit couldn't bite through it. :( Classic sauce wasn't memorable. 
I also think it's too overpriced for what you get.I tried their original fried chicken and garlic soy sauce fried chicken.  It's flavorful and nice crisp outside, juicy inside!  Really satisfied my and my husband craving for nice fresh fried chicken!  I'll try some other dishes next time.  Back soon!So I've been to pelicana three times so I have a good idea is what I like about the restaurant and what I dislike.
1.) the restaurant can get pretty loud and rowdy so I recommend going earlier especially since they have good happy hour deals
2.) I highly recommend the bulgolgi nachos and shared many people especially since it is huge. This is one of the best dishes heh offer 
3.) Do not get any of the garlic favors for the chicken because they are too saucy and thick
4.) my favorite favor is the sweet and spicy level one. It isn't that spicy and more on the sweet side.Okay, i can now say Pelicana is THE most authentic Korean fried chicken restaurant in Philadelphia. Sure, there are a couple korean fried chicken brands like BBQ and bonchon in phily, but none of those chicken taste like the ones you get to eat in korea. Pelicana's chicken was hot and crispy yet, not too greasy. Very very flavorful and tasty!! Ah! Welcome to Philadelphia Pelicana!We got Pelicana delivered and it was so good! 
Their chicken is super crispy (the batter is so well made) and the inside is well cooked and tender 
We also got a side of the truffle fries which was really good!!! You can definitely taste the truffle in there 
Their spicy rice cake was also really good and pretty darn spicy (we got spice level 2)
Would definitely recommend if you're looking for good korean chickenStopped by bc we were craving Fried chicken.  We ordered the crispy full chicken with half sweet/spicy level 2 and the other half white sprinkle ($25)+ Fries ($3).  Firstly, chicken was not amazing, a little too oily.  But, what gave this review 2 stars was that when our order had come out, we realized that we got the wrong order.  We told our waiter about the mishap, and he takes our order and heads back in the kitchen.  One minute later he comes back with the same order and gives it to the table next to us. (We had started eating off of it).  Would not want my order like this.  At least put it in a new dish and separate the eaten contents.I love this place! Pelicana's korean chicken is amazing. Little pricey but it's reasonable.We ordered 24 pieces of soy, 24 of spicy,  24 of crunchy wings, one order of fries and one order of onion wings. The food was more than enough for 8 ppl.  My fav was the soy chicken and the spicy chicken left a tingling in your mouth. However, Popeyes fried chicken is better than the crunchy wings. Giving it two stars since I saw one of the workers in the kitchen drop a chicken and placed it back in the bowl to mix.Level 3 spicy sauce is spicy and good but the original chicken didn't really have enough seasoning for it to be really stand out on its onIncredible singed chicken at a sensible cost. I think the sauces are to some degree on the dull side and don't inspire like the crisp browned chicken does, however they are scrumptious and carry out their responsibility. The corn and slaw sides were truly minor. We requested like 16 wings and you get 1 little saucer each... it was lopsided.Finally in Philly!!! Original Spicy Fried Boneless Chicken with Spicy BBQ Dipping Sauce. Thank you Pelicana for opening this location. Chimac mode is on.5 star for fresh chicken, new daily oil, great batter crisp and amazing sides. The kimchi fried rice was just really good. 
The price is a bit higher, but having been to the Flushing Pelicana where I'm used to Pelicana being a bit more upscale I assume it's going to be priced higher than like KFC. Also the quality is better so you get what you pay for. People who are complaining about quantity or price probably have never had Korean Fried Chicken as its pretty comparable to BonChon, BBQ chicken, and Andy's but I personally think it's better with better sides side dishes.
We got the full regular fried chicken with half white cheese and half honey garlic. I recommend if you don't know the sauce, get it without sauce and you add it yourself except cheese keep on. Service was fine, a little bit slow but probably because there was only one person serving and like a packed room. 
Overall, it earns my 5 star due to being a way better KFC place than Andy's and BBQ and being my favorite pick here in Philly. Also sides are good, everything is pretty tasty.Service is fucking trash! The cheese fries are disgusting, actually everything was fucking disgusting. Fuck this place, terrible experienceDocked one star off for the long wait, but the spicy soy wings were amazing! Came around 10 or 11 pm so there was no line, but still had to wait 30 or so minutes.This is my favorite fried chicken restaurant!! If you wanna get some Korean fried chicken, this is the best place in Philly. Also you can get the best draft beers too. My favorites are boneless crispy chicken with spicy level 2 sauce and Bulgogi Nachos. The chickens are perfectly cooked so these are really crispy. The place is really clean and the servers are nice too. You should try this!!I really wanted to give this place a good review because the food is actually decent, but the wait times are unreasonable and unjustified. Recently waited 40+ minutes for food that never came, despite the restaurant being virtually empty. Service is also lacking and most times, I've had to personally walk up to find a waiter for more water or the bill. Will not be visiting again anytime soon.There's finally a Korean fried chicken place in West Philly, and it is a must-go! 
Pelicana nails Korean Fried chicken - it is fried to crispy perfection, not too greasy, and the chicken is moist, tender, and juicy.
I went for just the bone-in whole spicy classic fried chicken to split between myself and a colleague and we were able to eat most of it save for a few pieces. It's approximately 18 pieces if I'm remembering what our server told us, and we devoured it. We had about 4 pieces left, so it was more than plenty. The price is pretty decent ($22 for a whole chicken) and they give you unlimited sides of radish and cheese corn upon request. 
The servers were super attentive in general and really knowledgeable and able to answer menu questions easily. We had a show to catch afterwards, and we were in and out within an hour so it was perfect for a "quicker" bite. Additionally, many (if not all) the speakers speak Korean, adding a bit more of a home-y feel for me personally.
The spicy version of the chicken wasn't really spicy at all, so I would want to come back and get it covered in one of their spicy glazes that they offer for an additional few bucks. I think for now, this is what has Bonchon still at the top because they spicy glazed fried chicken really brings the fire (and their soy garlic glaze is also incredible) so for Pelicana to be king, I'd have to give their sauces a fair try and see how they measure up.
I would recommend Pelicana for sure though, especially in those moments where you just want fried chicken, fried in a Korean style but still with that classic fried chicken taste.Great service, Korean fried chicken, and rice cakes (tteok-bokki). The chicken was breaded and fried to perfection. Someone in another review shared that they have a tolerance for spice and the #2 sauce was too hot for them, but we didn't think it was actually that hot. Next time, I'll definitely get the #3. The hot garlic sauce sounded pretty tasty as well. The rice cakes were just chewy enough, with plenty of fish cakes and fish balls throughout the sauce. Very friendly host. I hope they make it.Really good! Some of the reviews had my husband and I worried but decided to give them a chance. We are glad we did. We ordered the Sweet and Spicy and the Garlic wings (sauce on the side) and onion rings and fries. The fries were still crispy even though they were delivered. The wings were a decent size and very crispy. I'm glad we got the sauce on the side. Will definitely order from here again!We tried Pelicana Chicken over a friend's suggestion because we love chicken wings. We order Crispy and Spicy Crispy to go. We were expecting a nice Christmas Eve dinner, but rather to have a disappointing moment. The wings were watery, they are just not crispy as we think they should. Additionally, they are overpriced (spent close to $60 for 40 pieces of wings), we ordered sweet spicy and honey garlic sauce which we barely to taste anything. At home, we needed to bake them again. We think the other chicken wings restaurant is better and slight cheaper than this one.Came here after class and decided to try out something besides Bonchan. We ordered the spicy whole chicken and spicy wings. Both was crispy and tasty but got boring and tasteless after a while. Would probably recommend getting some type of sauce to dip in but its a extra couple bucks depending on the sauce. 
Service was medicore.I've been craving fried chicken recently and seeing how a new place opened up near me, I wanted to try it out. The restaurant is located in the basement, but the interior has a nice vibe to it. 
I decided to go for the whatever combo #1. The combo had whole chicken, mozzarella sticks, fries, onion rings, two small sides of salad, radish, and various dipping sauces. It did take take about 30 minutes to come out but when it did, the plate was massive. I got crispy chicken, half with yellow cheese and other other half with level 2 sweet and spicy. The yellow cheese was cheese powder dusted all over the chicken with a taste similar to ruffles. It can get a bit dry but overall, it was ok. After eating it for a while, I started getting a little tired of it. The sweet and spicy on the other hand was really good. I definitely preferred it more than the yellow cheese and despite being level 2, it really wasn't spicy for me. I'm guessing the spice level varies day to day since another reviewer commented on how spicy the level 2 was. 
Overall, I had a great experience and would come back to try some of their other dishes on the menu(along with more chicken!) 
P.S., the whatever combo was probably big enough to feed at least 3 peopleIt's a very friendly placeThe food is good and the service is always excellent. Their draft beer is great ! This  place has various types of chicken and they are all delicious.One of better restaurants in west philly/UC area!
Sweet and spicy (level 1) fried chicken with bone - the breading on the outside was nice and crispy.  The meat was warm and tender.
Honey garlic fried chicken with bone - a little too saucy but was still good. Although I probably won't order this sauce flavor again.
French fries - came out first and was warm and nicely salted.
Would I come back again?  This was my 2nd time and will certainly be back again.  
(Rating is based solely on food)
I agree with other reviews, the menu is too confusing.Just had takeout here again and I think it's gotten a lot better- the chicken isn't as breast anymore and was super tender and juicy. Would definitely recommend trying outI was excited to try Pelicana Chicken when I found out they do delivery through DoorDash. We ordered Crispy Fried Chicken with Honey Garlic Sauce, Truffle Fries, and the Peli Cheesesteak Sandwich. The truffle fries were crispy and delicious. Our excitement slowly turned into disappointment. The Crispy Fried Chicken was dry and drowned in thick Honey Garlic Sauce. The Peli Cheesesteak Sandwich was also lackluster. I'll try visiting the restaurant instead of getting it delivered next time.Pelicana chicken is everything you want and so much more. I personally like the white snowing cheese sauce but I think all the sauces are great. Awesome service and always a delight when I get Pelicana.Pelicana's food always satisfies my midnight cravings. I love their spicy rice cake with cheese. The cheese makes it less spicy; perfect for people who can't handle too much spiciness. Their chicken is better than Bonchon's in my opinion.pelicana is one of my favorite korean fried chicken chains! they have awesome happy hr deals, and their classic, boneless fried chicken is perfectly crispy and goes wonderfully with the spicy sauce on the side. if you're thinking of comparing it to bonchon, it's simply just a different style of korean fried chicken!  
you must get the fries! i always ask for the cheese snow sprinkled on top, it's so worth it.Ordered from here for lunch as it is around the corner from work. Started with the garlic boneless fried chicken. When ordering online, it is an extra $2 for sauce on the chicken that is $13 (the prices may be different in-store). The chicken arrived surprisingly crunchy for delivery. Also ordered the mac and cheese. This dish fell quite short. It was lacking even basic flavor, the noodles were overdone. Yes, I realize this is a more Korean-style place and likely isn't know for their mac and cheese. Would order the chicken again, possibly without sauce.Me and a lot of my Korean friends agree that this is the best KFC in Philadelphia. Yes, it is a little bit pricey but KFC usually is. I personally like the saucy chicken better than the non-saucy. Steer away from the dukbokki- I've had better instant dukbokki from a packet than what they served here.
Additionally, they have soju here which I love- usually, it's pretty hard to find soju in PA. The music can be a bit loud, but it serves its purpose as a Korean college bar complete with beer, chicken, and K-pop.Don't order takeout from this place! I used to really like this place and have spent hundreds here since the chicken was so good. But I ordered takeout tonight and waited for over 40 minutes when they told me it would take 20 minutes and I didn't even order that much. They could have at least offered something on the house or something but there wasn't even a proper apology. Disappointed. Could have given 1 star but the chickens still good so bumped up to 2.Pelicana will always hold a special place in my heart as the best food after a night out that you can possibly have. Nothing on the UPenn campus can compare to the satisfaction of biting into this delicious Korean fried chicken.
Original Fried Chicken with Level 2 Sweet and Spicy sauce has never been topped in the Korean Fried Chicken cuisine. The staff is also super friendly, and when you ask for drinks that hit hard, they will serve you the deadliest long Island iced tea. Exactly what you want. 
Will definitely be coming back here everytime I can, everytime I am back on campus.I was excited to go here for happy hour because of the cheap specials, but the drinks were truly hard to swallow. I ordered a mojito and something about it was extremely off. I thought maybe it was just my drink, so I decided to order another. I ordered a Long Island, and same thing. My friends ordered different drinks on the menu and all felt the same way. Some of the drinks were so off that we couldn't even finish. Drinks aside, the food was pretty good! I only tried the sweet potato fries and they came with a delicious dipping sauce. The restaurant was pretty busy, so I assume the other food must be pretty decent as well.I ordered delivery at about 11:15. It gave an estimated time for delivery of 75-85 minutes. It said they had confirmed the order and were in the process of making it. About 70 minutes later I got a notice that the order had been cancelled by the restaurant. No call, no explanation. It says to me that Pelicana doesn't value their customers and certainly puts no value on their customers' time.I think the best thing about Pelicana is it's proximity and hours. They're open pretty late so you're always guaranteed a place for a late dinner or snack. I've had their original fried chicken with the spicy sauce directly applied onto the chicken and loved it! Their truffle fries are also delicious and pairs nicely with the friend chicken. They also have beer at a great price, and who doesn't love beer + friend chickenDelicious crispy and spicy wings, just like they should be. Not sure if they would hold up to a couple of other spots in the city, but they are definitely tasty. What really stole the show was the bulgogi quesadilla, which may not be traditional but definitely hit the spot, especially as a late night snack!The person that shared this spot with me raved about the wings. I actually enjoyed the Fried Rice and Salad combo the best. Great portion and tasteful. I'll try to visit again.Finally, a solid Korean fried chicken place in Philly. Since Bon Chon is still under construction, I decided to try Pelicana with my friend and see what the hype was about. When we came in at 7 pm on a Saturday night, the whole place was packed so we had to wait a little bit for a table for two. Once we got seated, we recognized people at several tables, which gave the place a familiar vibe.  
The chicken itself was incredible. The skin was crispy and fried to perfection. The meat underneath the skin was soft and tender. The seasoning on the skin wasn't so overdone so I couldn't taste the chicken beneath. Be sure to wait a couple minutes before consuming because the wings burned me at first. 
Also, the spice at this place is no joke. I got some wings at level 2 and my nose started running and I consider myself to have a relatively high spice tolerance. 
The only thing I wish could be better would be the service. They took a while to get us seated and even after we ordered, we had to wait nearly an hour for our chicken to come out. They did compensate by bringing out a small bowl of spicy boneless chicken for us to sample. We also asked for ketchup, but they never brought it :( Overall a solid experience and will be back for sure!Overpriced and not even that great. I got the calamari as an appetizer and It was breaded way too much and came out soggy. I also ordered the Mac n cheese and It was dry and flavorless. Finally as my entree I ordered half chicken crispy chicken boneless and honestly It was 3/4 bread 1/4 chicken. The sauce was high school and It was way too sweet for my taste buds. I was hoping for savory spicy but It was not. I highly don't recommend this place.Was always curious what it looked like downstairs. While the prices are on par with or a little higher than other Korean fried chicken places, they really don't put any effort into making the area welcoming. I looked through the alcohol section and they were trying to sell a 350ml Soju for like $11. Tried to just get a can of soda, the card minimum was $5. So I just picked up my side of white rice, which I tried and it wasn't particularly good, slightly undercooked maybe or old. I've been hesitant to try out the food as it just looked okay and the portions seemed small, and by the looks of it, I might have been right.The bulgogi nachos was surprisingly delicious! Usually don't finish nachos, but this time my friends and I managed to clean the plate! 
The original fried chicken is a must try from Pelicana. Pretty decent and crispy.
The food here is satisfying, yet the smoky dining environment due to poor ventilation had all our eyes watery.Order this on the 4th of July because I was craving Korean Fried Chicken. 
I ordered it on an app called Caviar and found great deals online and discounts if you are a first time user. 
I got 2 combos with my cousin which contained 8 pieces of honey garlic and sweet and spicy level 2 with truffle fries.
Food:
Honey Garlic - glad I got this flavor. Delicious and sweet enough with a crunch. Get the Crispy fried chicken, you won't regret it. 
Sweet and spicy lvl 2 - delicious also but is definitely is spicy. If you like a kick this is definitely the choice. 
Truffle fries - definitely can taste the truffles and it was good also. 
Overall, would come again!Pelicana is one of my favorite places for Korean fried chicken (KFC) You have no idea how excited I was about Pelicana opening in Ucity!!! As a student I no longer need to go downtown for KFC! And it does not disappoint!!
The wait for the food is kind of long but I still think it's worth it. I always get half original fried and half spicy (lvl 2 or 3). My friends think I'm crazy but I love spicy food so you should get lvl 3 spicy if you are in the mood for some spice.
And of course there is beer to go with KFC! Also since this is a KFC place I don't think it's worth it to get anything else than KFC and beer. I've also gotten KFC to go before but I think it's best if you dine in to enjoy it when it is most crispy.
Also, you can make a reservation if you need to accommodate a large party. Overall really happy to have Pelicana in Ucity!They charged automatically for 15% tips for take-outs, and the wait was super long. And the worst was the fried chicken wings were so awful...I ordered the chicken with the sauce on the side however they mixed the chicken with a spicy sauce. Unable to eat a half of the chicken.Living or going to school in University City, Philadelphia you can get very tired of the food options around here, so of course we were excited when a new spot opened up...and not only that but they sell Korean chicken!! Yup you heard that right, Korean chicken as in similar OR comparable to Bon Chon and Cafe Soho! (If you're from Philly you know)
Hahaha...not really (after trying it)
Oof. The chicken had so much extra breading and barely any taste. The fries were just ok. Our fav part was the creamed corn. 
Our excitement slowly turned into disappointment. We love Bon Chon chicken in Chinatown and we were hoping this would be similar so that we wouldn't have to travel down there but alas.. guess nothing could compare to that. 
Great place if you're looking for a new vibe and don't mind mediocre food. Wanna try the other things on the menu but the prices are kinda crazy...and if you're a college student you def don't wanna be spending that much money.This is a completely biased review and I'll admit that upfront just cause Pelicana chicken has been my favorite KFC since I first tried it in Seoul. It was literally my lunch for like 1.5 weeks after discovering it, how I didn't gain like 50lbs is another question entirely. 
I honestly can't even remember how good the chicken was while I was in Korea but I definitely still enjoyed the chicken here. Something about the way they fry the chicken keeps it so crispy and juicy, its just ridiculous. We got a whole crispy spicy boneless chicken along with 2 sauces (sweet and spicy and honey garlic). Personally, I love the sweet and spicy as that's the flavor I associate with my time in Seoul so that was the winner for me. My friend enjoyed dipping the chicken into both sauces and having a mix of flavor. You can also get the sauce mixed in with the chicken, which is what I would normally do as then it gets into all the nooks and crannies.
Accompaniments were normal, pickled radish, cabbage slaw, some sort of corn salad, all were good but just normal sides to KFC.
Upon paying we were given a Yakult-like drink which was just such a nice treat. The whole experience was great and this'll definitely be a repeat restaurant anytime I'm in Philly.It will run you $20 for boneless chicken wings and fries. An extreme rip off when the chicken is not even white meat. My dining partner and I both filled up on fries and only took a few bites of our respective fatty, veiny, dark meat chicken dishes. Also worth noting, the fries came out ~10 minutes before the chicken. 
The prices just miss the mark.. we had a good laugh about the $15 guac and chips side. Also $2-$3 up-charge to put sauce in your wings. This is clearly a NY chain.This was unfortunately a disappointing meal. We tried the soy, spicy soy, and crispy chicken wings and all of them were lacking in flavor. The crispy had a weird aftertaste, and the "premium" chicken, while juicy, was also lacking flavor. We probably won't be back.Just when we had iven up on Bonchon ever opening, another Korean fried chicken place pops up to steal its thunder! I came as a group of 6 people, and we opted to get 2 "whatever" combos, one original wings and one boneless (nice option if you prefer eating with forks), each half sauced and unsauced. The food took a little while to come, but there was an audible gasp when they came out. These plates are HUGE and come with a ton of fried sides and even some assuring vegetables along with the chicken. It was the perfect amount for the six of us, and the platters are definitely the best and most economical option for groups who want to try a bit of everything. While I think Bonchon and Cafe Soho's chicken is better (more crisp and better flavor), Pelicana's combos make it a great place for groups.Flavorful. Crispy. Even good the next day if you don't finish. I came here to get pick up but I almost wish we ate in. They had a full bar and it just looked like a great place to chill and eat. I have been dying to try Korean fried chicken and man they totally did not disappoint. That food was amazing. It was hot, flavorful, spicy, and the sauce options were just superb. I only regret not buying one of their Korean drinks because I was thinking about it. I am impressed and will be back. Maybe as a date.I ordered the spicy rice cake for $15 plus delivery  and tips was 20$. Usually with that price I expected to have at least a little bit of fish cake. But all there were just a little bit of rice cake, little veggie and one egg dipped in sauce. For that price, the amount of food I received was disappointing. If you take a look at Korean restaurant around ucity, the dish will be much more well rounded with lower price.Another delicious addition to the Korean fried chicken scene in Philly! My friends and I tried the combo meal #3 with the crispy chicken option. The skin is super crispy with a little extra batter than the original. We got to try the honey garlic, level 2 and barbecue sauces and the first two were my favorite (beware! The garlic sauce is extra garlic-y!). The portions were generous, the service attentive and the location more spacious than expected! We got to try the dumplings as well and they were delicious! Will definitely be returning :)When Pelicana first opened, boy was I psyched. And for good reason -- a late-night Korean munchies spot? Sign me up.
Pelicana has proven itself to be a reliable campus joint, and we've been able to successfully takeout from them over quarantine. When you dine in, they start you off with Yakults (Korean yogurt drinks), which is a cute touch. The interior of the restaurant is real vibey with the dim purple lighting and karaoke music. As for the food, the Korean fried chicken is pretty yummy, although you have to pay extra for sauces. 
The biggest standout, however, is by far the beef bulgogi nachos ($19.99). These nachos are spread across a gigantic platter (when you dine in); not sure if you get the same amount these days, but it's hard to tell with the takeout containers. In any case, it's a very decent serving size, and so incredibly delicious, what with the marinated beef and jalapeños and everything. What an unbelievably perfect fusion. It has become a go-to.