Great sandwich !!!! My favorite place to eat at the airport !!! I am always at the airport and I always stop by philly steak & gyro because it is clean and the employees are friendly oh and can't forget the cheese steaks are AWESOME !!!! Good job. !!!Omg! Disgusting. Went in the trash. They don't even heat/steam the bun. Cold and hard. Lame even for airport food. Good luckthis sandwich was very un satisfying I asked them and paid for extra cheese and onions but they skimped of course.
also sandwich was so hot I couldn't eat it for a few minutesIt's definitely not the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had, but it is pretty good considering it's in an airport.  It's standard airport food prices, and standard ho hum airport food counter service.  If you're hungry and you want a hot sandwich, this should hit the spot.Had a bagel sandwich before a flight and it was delicious!  It was large, satisfying and tasty!  One of the best breakfast bagel sandwiches I've had in recent months.  Too bad its only at the airport!Another great meal this time a gyro !!!! I love when business trips start out with a gyro .., please keep up the good work one of my favorite eateries !!!!Please check my track record, i rarely write 1-star reviews, but this place warrants it!  This was some of the worst food I have consumed, ever.  (Note, it was still decent enough for me to eat some of it, but I could not eat it even half of it!!!)  This includes my college cafeteria and that mystery meat.  Wow.  
While I think the chicken pizza steak looked good, it taste terrible.  The chicken tasted as if it were bulked up with water as it seemed like it held a bunch of water.  This was not watery in a juicy way, but more like it was frozen when it was cooked and there was too much ice on it.  So when u bit it, there was a flavorless watery-ness to it.  Onions I added on were not the best, but adequate.  I added on lettuce and tomato for an up-charge, but only got 3 small chunks of tomatoes. The bread was also a little stale.  I guess I can't complain about the (imitation) cheese sauce.  (Traditional Cheese steaks are made with cheese whiz, I know)
This was a failure on my part.  I forgot to check the yelp app for recommendations,  and stopped in here out of desperation.  Ultimately, I desperately wished I had waited to find another place to eat.Pretty good Cheesesteak! And absolutely worth the price.
Don't know why this place has only 2.5 stars. Sure - it's an Airport, but nothing to complain here!Lugging my carry-ons all the way from the international terminal to terminal C for a Philly sandwich I knew I would have to lowered my expectations because it was an airport after all but after reading the description in the pamphlet about their "awarding steak sandwiches" I sped ahead. I took the people mover all the way even through the large marketplace hall which one can find conveniently hidden on one side. After a few minutes in line and the wait for my sandwich to be compiled I was extremely disappointed.  The bread was ordinary, the meat was cheap and flavorless and the the toppings scant.  Next time I'm loading up at  Auntie Anne's pretzels which can not be found on the west coast.Just be sure to set your expectations to "mediocre". It is in an airport after all.
Very dissapointing.  I could overlook the bad service if the food wasn't such a let down.Really good breakfast sandwich!  Nice to have something made fresh to order from real eggs!  Much better than fast food options in food court!  Although Pinkberry is pretty good too!Best that I've had in Philly. 
Be early for your flight though, they cook them fresh!Went here during my quick stop over in Philly since I needed to grab something to eat. It was pretty late so they were no longer serving cheesesteaks, much to my dismay.
For my order I had a turkey hoagie. It came with sweet peppers, spicy peppers, tzatziki sauce, lettuce, and pickles.
While the person who made the sandwich was very friendly, the finished product lacked flavor and was very difficult to eat.
It served its purpose in my desperate situation, but I wouldn't recommend this place based on the quality of food.I was clearly overly optimistic when I thought to myself, there's no way for them to mess up a philly (funny how my phone autocorrected to phony my first attempt) cheese steak. But sure enough, they were able to accomplish this mission impossible! I come from LA with the lowest of the lowest standards on philly cheese steaks and the fact that they were able to make something below my standards is flat out impressive. I have never tasted such a bad tasting philly steak in my life. So bad that this place gave me the reason to write my first review on yelp, again, another impressive feat by this food joint. 
Employees are jaded and don't want to work there but that's expected. They do not serve water cups which was something I was not expecting. 
Looking back 15 mins, I really wished I spend that extra 6 dollars for a grilled salmon meal at legal seafoods.
TL;DL?      DO NOT EAT HERE.It was a bit pricy, but for food was pretty good for a food court reastaurant. They gyros were really good and didn't have that cheap over cooked flavor you may normally get from a mall or airport.Wow. The service is SUPER slow! If you're in a hurry to catch a flight, skip this place!
The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't reasonably priced. There were extra charges for many things, including lettuce. Who charges for lettuce on a sandwich?!I'm no cheesesteak expert but this was pretty tasty. It was piping hot and had meat, melty cheese, onions, and banana peppers. The bread was soft and chewy. If anything, I could use a bit more meat to even the ratio but it was a tasty sandwich when we were desperate for cheesesteak!It's passable for airport-food-court fare, but given that it's in Philadelphia, I really hoped for a better Philly. It just seemed ... bland, and I've had tastier steak-and-cheese subs at my local mall.
Word to the wise: don't pretend you know how to order, if you don't. In my mind "peppers and onions" meant grilled green peppers, and onions. I had a moment of panic when I saw my receipt included "hot peppers" and "fried onions." Fortunately, they were neither -- the peppers were what I've seen called "banana peppers" or "pepperoncinis" elsewhere, spicy but not Jalapeño strength; and the onions were indeed grilled rather than "fried." I'm guessing this is the "true Philly" style, and I was just being a bit arrogant.
In any case, should I need food when passing through PHL in the future, I'll probably check out the other options, instead.We were in a rush to get to our flight, and what did we see, PHILLY STEAK AND GYRO.
At first, we thought that it was just another fast food joint. Not so!
We gave it 10 THUMBS UP. My whole staff had a Cheese steak and thought that they were as good as PATS and GENOS, if not better! 
The thing that stood out the most was the service. They saw that we were in a rush to board a plane and helped us very quickly. 
Thanks guys! Keep up the good work!Worst cheese steak I've ever had! If you stuck in Phl  airport save you money!!!An essential stop on all layovers in PHL.  Maybe that wouldn't be the case if the Chick-fil-A next door was open on Sundays.  But I digress.
First of all, cash or VA/MC only.  Put away that corporate Amex, suck it up, and get a receipt.
The menu board displays plentiful options for cheesesteaks, sandwiches, and gyros.  Out of the 10 or so times I've eaten here in the last year, the traditional cheesesteak is a good bet.  It comes piping hot, and you can order it in a combo with fries (which are mediocre).  Cheese, meat, peppers, onions; I don't know how authentic it is, but it's damn good.
The gyro is a nice alternative if I have a long flight ahead of me and don't want to ruin the lavatory onboard.  Lamb, veggies, and sauce keep this a cool entree.  Best to sit down when eating one; it can get messy.
Cost?  About what you can expect for airport food: $10-15, depending on your choices.It's airport food - mostly flavorless and overpriced. If you're looking for a real Philly cheesesteak, you won't find it at the airport. If you just want something while you're at the airport that's just a notch above fast food - go for it. It's certainly better than McDonalds etc.The Philly cheesesteak sandwich was a must given that my layover was in Philly.  It's airport food so I have to allow for that but it was pretty good.  The meat and cheese were pretty good, though it had too much bun for the amount of meat and cheese.There hoagies are only "okay".  
For $7.85 you get what appears to be an authentic hoagie roll with a fairly small amount of meat.  The hoagie I had today was missing one key ingredient - spices, like oregano.  How can anyone make something called a hoagie without adding spices? 
The cheese steak was better, but not great.  They use cheese wiz, which is fine, but they only used a small amount.  The also pre-cooked all of the meat -- I guess to save time.
I grew up in the Philadelphia area and I always find a way to have a hoagie when I'm back in the area.
A final point -- As far as I know this is the only place to grab either a hoagie or a cheese steak at the Philadelphia International Airport.Canned mushrooms on a Philly cheesesteak? Seriously? And they charge extra 
for them. 
Absolutely unacceptable.On my way through Philadelphia International Airport, I got hungry. Airport food is almost universally from bland chains that have cornered the market for those captive audiances, sooooo when I spot something that looks local, I'll usually roll the dice on them. Friendly, nice people here, but the food comes up snake eyes....I had a decent experience with Philly Steak & Gyro. It was one of the better culinary options in the Marketplace and it provided exactly what I was expecting. These Philly Cheesesteaks do not hold a candle to the wonderful sandwiches that Philadelphia is know for, but it works for food courts.This isn't a place to go if you need a quick bite, but it is decent enough.Worst place to eat a gyro!!!  I saw gyro and quickly decided to grab a bit here but I should've yelped first to see their ratings cause it was awful.  The meat was not fresh, the thin pre-sliced frozen kind.  They didn't put much meat.  The bread was soft, the yogurt was good but could've had flavor but didn't.  Overall it was tasteless!  And they had 3 guys working in the back to make one sandwich.  Do NOT eat here!Not that good. Cheese steak was ok - nothing special. Fries were undercooked but abundant.  Will look elsewhere next time.Wow, didn't expect that out of an airport food stand. Good food and even better service. Dropped off here during a layover and got cheese steaks for me and the family. The cook was so nice and disarmingly charming - especially welcomed after six hours in the air with more to go. 
My parents loved the food, as did I. The bread was comforting, piping warm and fluffy. A perfect companion to the cheese steak. I'm sure better cheese steaks in the city, but this hits the spot for airport food and if the service that day was any indication, makes a great first impression of the people of Philly.Well, I'm not from Philly so my opinion probably isn't worth that much. But I ate here on a connection and it was fine. It was about $9 for a cheese steak with onions and peppers (the sour "peperonicini" kind). It was large and filling, and I liked how it wasn't very greasy. They have guys making them to order so it's a bit slower than usual. They do skimp on the cheese, but the meat has a decent amount of flavor.  Definitely better than some of the other fast food options that are nearby.Told myself to get a philly steak while I'm here during my connecting flight. Unfortunately, it was a waste of money. I got the cheesesteak hoagie, and it tasted bland. $12 for just the sandwich and a drink. Customer service was just as bland. Barely understood what the girl way saying because she was mumbling, and there were no napkins available.Pretty good for airport food. Had the gyro and I wasn't disappointed. Maybe $2 too high for the quality but you'll find that at pretty much all airport restaurants.
Great gyro before your flight takes off at the Philadelphia Airport.The worst experience ever for "fast" food at an airport.  Surly order-taker grunted a "whaddya want", filled with attitude.  Waited 20 minutes, that's right 20 minutes for an egg sandwich.  Surly sandwich deliverer. The cashier ignored my question about the cost of a water bottle, and finally said "you have to buy it at the register", never once stating the price. This shop should be shut down because it gives people a terrible impression about Philadelphia.  Servers are so nasty the food is irrelevant.  And the food is nothing special in the least.  Just lousy, overpriced airport food.Seriously surly service (except for the owner perhaps, who tried to get his folks to be nice), and seriously yucky cheesesteaks.  I am not a fan of the fact that the menu says what the cheesesteak price includes, but you don't actually get those things unless you specifically ask for them.  How does that make any sense at all?I had a 10 minutes before boarding during a layover.  I would have had to smuggled the sandwich on board but, the flight was delayed.  I ordered a deluxe philly (I was charged $11.60 for just a sandwich, reviewing my credit card statement now, will see if I can dig out the receipt) could have sworn it was only like $8.  I figured a philly in philly has gotta be pretty good.  The guy behind the register was barking out orders to the guy doing the food occasionally helping him along.  It looked good when all was said and done (the deluxe included some extra pepper's, etc for like an extra buck) but, was absolutely tasteless.  Worst philly cheese-steak of my life.Completely disorganized and the counter staff barely understood or spoke English.  I was charged for 2 cheesesteaks and the refund I got back didn't include tax.   They food was not prepared in order and only after I complained did they make mine.  Wish I read the other reviews before I ordered hereDon't base your opinion if the Philly cheese steak by trying the airport phony cheese steak. They put no effort seasoning or outside into them. My mistake for even eating my families money on then and this place won't happen again I promise.you can take that to the bank. Go to south street I believe is where Steve cheese streaks are.Gross, gross & gross.
Philly was my stopover coming back home to SF. The moment I landed, only one thing plagued my mind: authentic Philly cheesesteaks. Perhaps I was naive to think I'd find authenticity at an airport, but you can't blame me. You, too, would expect Philly to not want to put their famous dish to shame, especially in front of non-Philly inhabitants. 
Sadly, Philly Steak & Gyro embarrassed the hell out of Philadelphia's precious cheesesteaks. As I watched one customer return to the counter and complain about the plastic he found in his hoagie, I thought twice about eating here. What won me over was the fact that there weren't other cheesesteak eateries within the airport, thus this place probably had potential.
WRONG. The only promising potential you can find at an airport would probably be at a bar. You can never go wrong with having an alcoholic beverage at the airport. Everything else is crap. Especially Philly Steak & Gyro. I settled for the hoagie, which by far was the worst cheesesteak hoagie of all history. There was absolutely nothing satisfying about their hoagie. I ate about a quarter of that cheesesteak until I decided to call it quits. It lacked flavor and left me with a sour aftertaste from their peppers. The meat was unseasoned and there was no cheese whatsoever. I scrounged the cheese from my cheesy fries just to complete my sandwich. Sadly, my invention still left my sandwich short from what it actually should've tasted like. Not to mention the servers were all lifeless and looked like they hated their job.
Philly, if you're going to coin the term "Philly Cheesesteak," you need to first make sure places like Philly Steak & Gyro get whacked.Quick layover in Philly so thought I'd have a Philly cheesesteak. Bought the special that came with fries and a drink and my cheesesteak came with BARELY ANY MEAT ON IT. When I took it back and asked if that was all the meat that came with it, the lady looked at me like I was crazy and said "that's the special." Usually cheesesteaks are over flowing, and for what I spent ($11) I expected to get at least both sides of the roll covered. Terrible customer service, and it wasn't even that busyNOBODY GO HERE! This place sucks! Lady at cashier is slow, they screwed up our order, they used canned mushrooms( which I've been having a stomach virus from for two days), the sandwich is watery. Go eat somewhere else! Look at the reviews!Try the Gyro!! It was absolutely delicious. I love when food is made to order and it's hot and fresh when I bite into it. I thought the service was just ok but with food like that I don't mind average service. For food at a food court at an airport, I'm impressed.This place is pretty bad. The service should have warned me better - the cashier hardly answered my questions and was noticeably annoyed that I asked for any detail at all considering their dishes - but I went ahead and ate here anyway. Maybe it was because I was heading back home to Charlotte from Philly, home of the 'Philly Cheesesteak.'
This place does not deserve to bear its name. Dry cheesesteaks! Avoid!This place is gross. I was going to get breakfast here the other day before a long flight until I saw that the fryer hadn't been cleaned since what seemed like 1970 and the employees were handling food without gloves on. Ick ick ick!!I stopped by for an Italian Hoagie and met Tom. As promised I wrote this review. He took the time to make it and even wrapped both halves in foil just in case I could not finish it on the flight home. The other half made it to my daughter in Texas who is Philly homesick. Much appreciated!!!For airport vegetarian food, their hot veggie sandwich is okay. It has a good number of veggies, peppers and mushrooms that are grilled up. And if you ask for it without cheese, it probably vegan. I'm stopping short of saying 100% it's vegan since I'm not sure why the Italian hoagie roll is made. And you can also get it on pita.
If there was a power outlet in their seating area, I might have given them a higher rating.Connecting in PHL a few times a year now, the Philly Steak & Gyro is located in the food court area, around the B/C corridor. You gotta give it to them these guys are constant... SLOW SERVICE WITH AN ATTITUDE! Other customers including myself have complained about lack of cheese in their cheesesteak.Ok, I'm flying from the East Coast and have a connection in Philly.  Really Rob?  Philadelphia?  What in the world are you stopping off there for?  Shoot, I don't know, that's where the cheapest flight was headed.
So it's lunch time when we land and I didn't have breakfast.  Okay, I DID fill a Dunkin Donuts fix but that doesn't count because I'm hungry.  I'm walking to the connection gate and I think, in Philly, only a cheesesteak will do.  Oh look!  Philly Steak & Gyro.  Okay, that sounds better than Wendy's right now.  But Wendy's would hit the spot.  Nah, you HAVE to get the cheese steak.
Walk up to the counter.  Tell the girl what I want.  Menu board special is confusing.  Explain it to girl.  She seems annoyed.  Finally understands what I'm asking.  I don't get the special.  Just give me a straight up cheese steak please.  Takes money, gives me receipt, wait is short, order is called, I get it.
Sit down in the food court.  Still eyeing that Wendy's over there.  Take a bite.  Okay, this isn't bad.  Good sandwich.  Nice.
I try to stay away from food that might be a stomach issue when you have to fly.  But didn't have a problem with this meal.  Not the best cheesesteak I've had, but good enough.Each sandwich is made fresh to order. They cooked the steak meat until it was fully brown and still tender.
I asked for the classic philly steak, this sandwich came with onions, white cheese, hot banana peppers and a decent amount of meat- for about $10. It was pretty good. Very hot and fresh, definitely melts in your mouth. It wasn't spicy at all, just savoury.
This was my first Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia, so it's probably not as authentic tasting (at an airport), but I would eat here again.
If you're looking to spend just $10 at the airport for a filling meal, this is a decent choice.It's edible, but honestly it's pretty blah=(
My 'cheesesteak special' was soggy and tasteless. It fell apart as soon as I tried to pick it up. I also couldn't discern whether there was cheese on it or not. Next time I'm in PHL I'm avoiding this place.Darned good philly cheese steaks! Had one on the way to the east coast and one in the way back to the Midwest. When in Philly... Don't miss this treat.Cheesesteak, fries, and a bottle of water...my last meal in America. 
When in Philly, you get cheesesteaks. No exception.  Even if it's 3:30 in the afternoon, you get one.  
This wasn't the best one I've ever had, but it works!  Cheese was melted to a gooey substance which melted into the meat and soaked sufficiently into the bun.  Bread was a good quality "meat and cheese" holder, and the sandwich was cut in two pieces, making it perfect to share with someone special. Or, in my case, I stuffed both halves down my pie hole in about 10 minutes. 
Fries are the large crinkle cut variety, cooked hot and lightly salted. 
Served in a styrofoam container for easy transport if you happen to be going somewhere in a hurry. I was lucky enough to savor the food and beverage and write a quickie review. 
I'll be back through here in a week. Maybe this will be my "first meal in America" as well!I should have checked Yelp first. :(
My first "Philly" cheesesteak should not have come from the airport. I was hungry and wanted Pinkberry but it wasn't opened yet so I opted for this place.
I ordered the cheesesteak special. $9.95 and it came with a soda and fries. The fries were gross and the sandwich was just OK. It was greasy but surprisingly bland. Boo.Not bad but not stellar service.
I was desperate for some greek cuisine and there are limited places for that in the area.  You could walk up and place order at window or go inside. Two guys placed orders before me. Not complicated either but they waited what felt like an eternity.  My order came faster but still took a while. Gyro was worth the wait. I had to curb my greek food craving. I would go back if I returned to South Philly. That area is fantastic.Gyro is pronounced 'yee-roh'.  Great stop for a bite if you're flying through Philadelphia International Airport.  Generous portions, not bad pricing, and usually fast if there's no line (well, the line just goes to show, they're pretty good.)  Definitely beats out the 'big' franchises otherwise present.We were looking forward to getting an authentic Philly cheesesteak in the Philly airport and went there with plenty of time to spare (we thought).  We ordered chicken cheesesteaks and waited while customers with numbers 9 higher passes us up and were told it was "dangerous" to mix chicken with other meats on the grill so it takes longer(10-15 minute wait at an airport is pretty long).  The four different sandwiches came up unmarked, despite our requests to differentiate them.  We got on the plane, which was now boarding, and opened the sandwiches to find that three of them were wrong, two of which were beef, which we don't eat.  It ruined a fun idea we'd had to eat Philly sandwiches at the source.If you're stuck in the Philly airport on a layover and you're craving a cheesesteak, this place is pretty much your only option. It's sad enough that this place really doesn't do justice as an authentic Philly cheesesteak shop and overpriced airport food is never satisfying to buy, but it will have to do. They had a cheesesteak with onions and peppers combo that came with fries and a drink for $10.75. They skimped out on the cheese and the underseasoned steak wasn't great either, but the large amount of fries held me over until my meal on the plane.I made the fifteen-minute journey from Terminal E to Terminal C in hopes of getting pasta at Yelp's highest-rated airport restaurant, Aldo Something-or-Other Trattoria, but when I arrived, I found that they only sold pizza and cold sandwiches, no pasta. So I went next door to Philly Steak & Gyro. I ordered a pizza steak with fried onions, and, affected by the extremely confused and nervous-seeming cashiers, I became a little nervous myself - that my order would be wrong or bad when I received it. But I had no reason to fear! The steak was delicious, chopped small (the way a cheesesteak should be), with provolone cheese, pizza sauce, and finely chopped and well-sautéed onions, on a very soft roll! I'm going to take the second half of my steak on the plane so I can make the other passengers jealous. Steaks on a plane!