You can't really go wrong with the Pho here. From my experiences, they serve the food to you within minutes of ordering. Plus, the restaurant is clean compared to other similar restaurants.Pho is like pizza, even when its bad, its still pretty good.  At least, that's what I thought prior to trying Pho Ta's "Pho".   
Yes, I'm not Asian.  That doesn't mean I don't know good Pho.  Check the list if you don't believe me.  Pho Ta's pho's biggest downfall was its weak broth.  They seem to do a fair job with the meat - then again, could you mess up nearly raw meat?  The sprouts and leaves that come with the Pho were clean and appeared fresh, but couldn't save my large Pho as hard as I tried.  Given Pho Ta's proximity to other Pho places, they should step up the flavor on that broth!I go to Pho Ta everytime I have free time. I really enjoy the food, and the waiters are very friendly. I highly recomend the Phota with others restaurant around.A Solid Pho spot. If you are in the neighborhood and hate the idea of strip mall food (Pho Saigon is my fav) then try this spot. Everything was fresh and the meat was especially good. The broth was lacking in flavor as compared to Pho Saigon.This place rules, I can't believe I've put off writing a review for this long. The place is always clean, always has a table available, service is super fast and both the food and drinks are reasonably priced. The BBQ pork spring rolls are fantastic!
Also, the service is pretty great. I celebrated my birthday here and had a party of about 20. They split the check at the end of the meal TWENTY WAYS without being asked. It was incredible!Best Vietnamese in the city, and I've tried just about every one of them.  Not just for the food, but for the service.  No lie, every time I walk in (lol which is about once a week), I'm greeted with a 'Hey what's up Christian' followed by a Heineken (w/o asking).  Now, I've been there countless times, and still have not gone through a third of the menu.  I still have not had a bad meal* and still haven't broken the bank (place is INEXPENSIVE).  Every thing on the menu is so flavorful and well-prepared, plus it comes out in a timely manner steaming hot.  
In conclusion, the place looks nice (clean and numerous flat screen tv's), smells great, convenient location (11th and Washington), friendly servers, low prices, and finally delicious food!!!
HIDDEN SECRET:  Their General Tso's is the second best I've ever had
Thanks for reading!! 
                                                          -Christian
*fried tofu wasn't that greatPho Hoa without the Hoa, add a Ta! Different name, same location, same management, same food. Updated menus.Pho Ta's broth is miles away from the bland broth that their predecessor put out. They respected my request for less noodles. My only complaint is that the meat came overdone, I prefer having it arrive raw and watch it lose a bit of its pink while in the broth.
The pho really filled me up but I wanted to order something different to take home. It is a pretty big, noodley menu to navigate through. I ended up picking the pan fried crispy egg noodle with beef and vegetables-Pho Ap Chao Bo ($9.95).  Little triangles made of compacted rice noodles are a nice base for the beef and slew of broccoli, bok choy, snow peas, and baby corn. I liked that the sauce sinks in to the crispy noodle packets and makes then soften up. My mistake was ordering this to go because heating it up properly at home was tricky (the microwave ended up working better than the stove).I was in Philly recently visiting a friend, and I found out he lives a very diverse area of South Philly. He actually lives in what he calls "little Vietnam." With all the Vietnamese businesses around him, I can't disagree.
Since it was a cool night, we decided pho would be the right choice. He suggested Pho Ta. It was only a block away from his apartment, so I didn't disagree. 
Pho Ta is huge! I have been to very few pho restaurants that were so large. The decor is simple yet homely. The menu is also quite large. They do not just have pho and a couple rice dishes, they also have hot pot. 
We ordered the pork spring rolls and the deep fried tofu. Both were very tasty, however I did not like the taste of the sauce that came with the springs rolls. 
For dinner, I made my own pho. Yes, yo are able to make your own pho! I ordered the regular soup base with rare meat, brisket, flank and meat balls. I ordered the regular, which is a regular, large-size bowl of pho. Before adding anything to the soup, I taste the broth to see how flavorful it is. Pho Ta's broth is one of the tastiest broths I've ever had. I was really tempted to not add any sriracha or hoisin sauce, but I caved in. All the meats were tender and soaked up the broth well. The noodles were a little to grab with the chopsticks. I don't if the chopsticks or the noddles caused this problem. However, the noddles did seem a little starchier than other places I have been too. Plus, the prices are not bad either. A regular bowl was 7.50. I'm use to paying 9 and higher in New York. 
If you love pho and are in South Philly, check this place out.I love this place. It's clean, inexpensive and the food is consistently fresh and delicious. 
The food is always brought out quickly. The wait staff is always friendly. 
I highly recommend the pork spring rolls, it comes with lightly pickled veggies, yum!I come here because it is close and convenient. I think some dishes can be hit or miss so I try to just stick pho dac biet or bun bo hue (the one with pork sausage not the one with pig feet!). Simple and straightforward, never a long wait for pho.Same owners, new name. Amazing pho, the food is nice and fresh, and for 7 bucks you can eat like a king. Hell for 7 bucks u could feed 2 people (i can never finish a bowl of pho solo). Amazing place, and a new fav of mine especially as the weather cools down.Either new ownership or change of name so not to be associated with the franchise Pho Hoa.
This is my FAVORITE location for pho, I also like Pho Ha too by 6th street, but this place has a lot more variety of food choices. I come here because I especially like their crab and seafood spring rolls. Nothing crazy special just stuffed with, think of dim sum shrimp/crab balls with the tangy spicy sweet and sour sauce that they probably purchase from the supermarket in the bottles lol. still love it.
The place looks a lot cleaner than other pho places that I've been to so that's a plus for my somewhat frequent visits. Especially once winter hits, I'll probably be here more often. Inexpensive and filling, just the way I like it  :)This place used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but recently, it has shown its true colors. The food has been so salty recently, to the point where I finish drinking my glass of water within 10 minutes. After filling my stomach with this large amount of water, I'm still dying for more. The servers don't even care to refill cups. They all tend to huddle around each other until someone waves frantically until they catch their attention. These waiters do not even show an ounce of consideration for their guests. 
Today I went in hoping to get a plate of 'com suon,' I wanted to replace the rice with lettuce. Although I was starving, I was going to have dinner with family a few hours later and I did not want to show up a with a full stomach. I was thinking it wouldn't be an inconvenience since it's a simple substitution. Apparently, it wasn't so simple. My server shook his head and said, "my boss said we cannot replace anything." I don't understand how they could have add-on items on the menu to 'customize' your own meal but they can't make a simple substitution. How can you run a restaurant and not cater to the demands of your guests, especially something as easy as putting some lettuce on a plate. 
I am furious and I don't know if I will continue coming here or recommending this place anymore. Their service has gone sour and the food has gone dry. My friend who ordered a normal com suon, pork with broken rice, said the meat was very dry and he got the piece of pork with mostly bone. The quality of this place has really gone down, I am disappointed in this restaurant. What happened to the old Pho Hoa that we knew and loved?The pho broth was pretty bland. The meat was dry and fell apart.On any other day, I would say that Pho Ta would definitely receive a better rating. However, they surprisingly had an off day.
One of the main reasons that I frequent this establishment is because they offer Bun Bo Hue with just rare steak (Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup). I'm not a big fan of all cuts of beef, so having one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes with just rare steak is a win. In fact, most Viet restaurants don't even offer Bun Bo Hue, or charge extra for substitutions in their one option.
So what went wrong? The noodle was well over-cooked which made it really mushy - there was no bite to the vermicelli. Secondly, their meat did not taste fresh - it was very chewy. For meat that is suppose to cook in the hot broth, the chewiness did not result from being overcooked. My friend ordered the special Bun Bo Hue which came with all the fixings. It had an overwhelming beefy after-taste that is not characteristic of the light, spicy lemongrass broth. Nevertheless, I thought the soup was very tasty - just the right amount of lemongrass and chili. Great to the last drop!
Positives that keep me coming back: great fast and friendly service, their fresh fruit options for boba (go for the avocado - just the right amount of condensed milk and sugar to give a light creamy smoothie), easy counter check-out, and low prices.Food was delicious/huge portions & very affordable...service was fast/friendly/attentive...menu is gigantic and luckily for me lists descriptions of each dish in English. I also loved that they have a bar with decent options ranging from domestic & imported beers, wine & standard cocktails. You don't normally find a bar menu on the table of an Asian restaurant! (Or maybe I've been to all the wrong places b4 today, haha)
 **J6 dish was delicious! Vermicelli bowl with Bbq pork, grilled shrimp & veggie spring roll. Had a side of shredded carrots in a sweet broth which I decided to pour onto the lettuce and noodles...not sure if that's what it was there for but added more flavor :) I couldn't even finish all the noodles it was huge!If you're ordering any protein, assume you're ordering lettuce with a side of protein.
They really skimp out on the meat here. I had to fight off a forest to find chicken scraps in my vermicelli dish. 
Also beware, your table may be sticky. It might be my fault. 
Other than that, this place gets the job done. Quick and painless. If you want Pho, then Pho you shall have. If you want something other than a bucket of water, then hunger you shall face.My favorite dishes so far here:pork chop with broken rice, banh xeo, pho tai (beef noodle soup) with the rare steak on the side, Vietnamese coffee, pho ap chao... Will come back and try other dishes as well.This is my go to place for Pho in the city. It's never busy and their broth is nice and beefy. I'm a big fan of their Pho Bo Kho, which is almost like a stout beef stew, vietnamese style. It has great flavoring in the broth with lemongrass and curry. The meat falls apart while you're eating it and I freaking love carrots! If you're looking for a different style of pho, I definitely recommend it. 
The service is meh, but I've never had any major problems.GO HERE:
if you like large menus, 
if you like cheap prices,
if you like instant service, 
if you like watching tv while you eat, 
if you like AMAZING tofu, 
(it's seriously the best)
they are very accommodating to vegetarians, 
almost anything can be made without meat, 
just be sure to ask for peanut sauce instead of fish sauce.
J17This is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that I go to and actually come back time after time. Formally known as Pho Hoa, Pho Ta is pretty much the same, but under a new name. Still sells Pho and offers quality Vietnamese food. But don't just always offer Pho, try other dishes as well. I highly recommend rice and vermicelli dishes. The charbroiled pork is always good no matter what you eat it with. Appetizers are good to try as well like summer rolls. 
What I like about this restaurant is the service. The location is also much more hip and friendly compared to Nam Phuong for example. Give it a try. You might like it. :)Standard pho place. I feel like I remember the pho tasting better. My sister really likes the appetizer deep fried shrimp and crab meat roll. It's a shrimp and crab meat paste wrapped in bean curd skin and then deep fried, served with sweet chili sauce. I came with my brother this time so he could get his pho fix before he headed back to Ohio(he ended up ordering a grilled beef with rice dish, which was pretty good) I couldn't for the life of me remember the name of the dish, and remembered how confusing it was for my sister the last time we came cause of the menu change. It was between A9 and A13 or something. I took a stab at it -- and got the wrong thing. I got deep fried shrimp and crab meat in a summer roll. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either, and I was disappointed I got it wrong. Especially cause I had already ordered the regular summer rolls, which couldn't really compare to other places I've had them at(were smaller too).
I got pho with flank, fatty flank, and brisket. Bring on the meats!! Sadly, the pho was lacking. I remembered that pho ha and pho hoa(changed to pho ta after a change in management) were pretty hand in hand in terms of the taste of pho. But now, I think pho ha is definitely better, along with pho Saigon. 
If you do come here, go for the rice dishes. Their Bo luc lac(grilled cubed beef with lemon pepper sauce dip) is pretty good, albeit a little pricey. My brother had the grilled beef short ribs rice platter, and the beef was seasoned and grilled perfectly and tasted really good. 
If you really must have pho, go for it. Because it's not like pho ta is bad. And the good is that, like most pho places, the pho comes out really quick. But I've definitely had better, so if you can, just go a few blocks down to pho ha or if you don't mind somewhere farther, head to pho Saigon. The menu selection here definitely beats out pho ha, especially if you're an appetizer person. But I think I'll stick with some of their rice dishes and get my pho fix elsewhere.I wish I reviewed this place a few years ago. I used to visit this place since I liked the food, the place was reasonably priced and the facilities are good.
However, the last few times I went, the service was just poor. Our server didn't even bother to provide us with water, acted hostile and bothered at times, and the service was very, very slow.
This wasn't the case when we started coming to the place.  I am baffled about the rudeness, but it happened the last three times I went there. Considering that there are other places where we can get similar or equal quality food, I'd never return to this place. Sad.One of the previous reviewers hit it right on the button.  Come for the food and not the service.  I don't mean to say that the service was bad, it is just what I expected, straight and to the point.  "What do you Want?"  We had two Pho's one was with rare beef - regular size and the other was a large Pho Bo Kho. The Bo Kho was perfect with a rich and savory broth to which I added a half dozen or so hot pepper slices and a large handful of bean sprouts.  The large is large, I won't go that way again but I will order the Bo Kho again.  With the regular rare beef, the meat was not rare.  It should have been red in color, it was not.  The two dishes are very different in taste, one first was light and mild the other was bold and deep.  We also and a starter of one order, 2 pieces, of the Summer Roll which comes with a peanut sauce.  We had the shrimp.  The hint of mint in the Summer Roll pulled it all together.  Oh, and the rolls are large.  I would recommend just one order for two people to start.  We had a bottle of red wine for $25.  It seems that all the red wines cost $24.95 a bottle.  Don't expect anything other than Sutter and Yellow Tail.  The domestic beer is $3 and the imports are $4 to $4.5.
Oh, the menu is crazy big, but the English translation and photographs are right there.Same management, new name.  Food is always good usually get their pork chop dish and love the Summer rolls.  But when it comes to Pho, I prefer going to "Pho 75"This is my go-to place if I want good Viet food. Never disappointing. Good variety.  Always fast service, and delicious food--what more can you ask for?Horrible service. I ordered the vegetarian pho and it was absolutely flavorless. After asking the manager if I could get something else, he criticized me and said "everyone loves this dish and no one has ever sent it back" and said I should have known what I was ordering before I got it. Then proceeded to ignore our table and act rude all night. Never.coming here again.This place wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I came here with 4 other people during dinner time and the place was fairly filled with other customers. I got a regular beef pho and a jackfruit smoothie. The jackfruit smoothie was the highlight! If I'm ever back in the area, I would go here just for the jackfruit smoothie, absolutely delicious! 
You should definitely try the jackfruit smoothie!! It tastes fresh, doesn't taste like it was made with powder garbage! Yum.Julie is the best and she makes the best smoothies!! Fresh and clean food, clean atmosphere, great service. Super friendly, accommodating, and pleasant. Oh- and they have beer! Will definitely be back!My favorite Pho in Philly.  I was worried when it changed names from Pho Hoa to Pho Ta but if anything it has gotten better.
If you've never had Vietnamese this is a great place to try it.  I go once a week.  Be careful, you'll be addicted to spending $6 for a huge delicious meal.I used to come here pretty regularly - hang over cure and all, but this place is falling in terms of my favorite pho place in Philly, and I'm wary of coming here if I'm not planning on getting fried rice:
The BBQ pork chop dish has literally shrank in size. It is hardly filling and I pity my friends who order it, expecting the huge pork chops offered at other similar pho places. They get two pieces of pork (without the bone) that are no larger than my palm (and I have small hands!), so it is a little disappointing. As for the pho, I was a little reluctant to finish it, and even more to pay for it. The broth is good, but the noodles seem really cheap or overcooked or something. Was not a pleasant bite. I also ordered steak on the side instead of in my broth but they messed that up, and I ended up having both. The steak on the side was half pink half brown. I was put off by the oxidized/bad meat and didn't touch it.
The service is super casual (read: not professional serving etiquette) but friendly, and they let me redact my tip after I realized they had already included it in the final charge.Good pho and rice dishes, very friendly service, big TVs.One word describes the food and service here:  TRASH
I ordered pho and nem noung rolls and my girlfriend ordered the seafood banh canh.  Pho and banh canh came out first. They gave me a pho that I did not order. Wasn't a big deal but when I mentioned it, no one did anything about it.  Pho broth was bland and smelled like Chinese herbal medicine. Never thought I'd say this but I found a restaurant that serves pho worse than Pho 75.  The banh broth was also bland. 
Will never order from here again. Don't waste your time or money here. Go to Nam Phuong , Viet Houng or Le Viet.So, I guess they just changed the name of the restaurant, but the service has changed as well. I would go into Pho Hao and no one would ever refill waters or ask how you're doing, and now the service is much better! Still have to seek out a server if you need something wrapped to go, but that's better than... being thirsty. 
Their food is fantastic! I'm a vegetarian, so I do not eat the pho, but I have tried many other things on the menu. I do have to say, the best part of this is the appetizer, SUMMER ROLLS! Sometimes I even go and just get two orders....cleaner than most pho places, and friendly to clueless people who don't know vietnamese food
but very inconsistent and just ok
walk one minute to pho 75 insteadThis place was use to be called Pho Hoa , know why they changed it to Pho Tha? Because the previous name had such a bad rep. New name but still just as lad. Do not order happy hours, how do you screw uo a long island? We were told it was half off, but got charge in full. They included gratuity twice and charged us wrong. Instead of refunding or giving us some kind of discount or anything, we had to pay the full.
Do not eat here. There are cheaper pho places that doesnt smell like detergent everytime you walk in here.Best Pho in South Philly - plus they have booze! I wouldn't come here expecting the finest dining experience, but you will have some amazing, steaming hot pho in about 5 minutes flat. The staff is sweet and the food is delicious, I would highly recommend!Great tasting spring rolls and summer rolls! The pictures in the menu looked just like what we got.  The Bun shrimp lemongrass was excellent and the chilled black tea w milk cooled me down on a hot summer day.  One of the best Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to!!Favorite place off Washington st. I love how all cultures come here and are welcomed! So I will make a trip just to eat here.. Spring rolls, banh xeo, and pho are the best! Huge portions! But don't sleep on the lotus root salad!!!Edible, but wouldn't return.  I was just looking for some chicken dish... it wasn't that good and the spring roll had to be tossed it was so bad.  Pho was OK.  Wish it was better though.This used to be Pho Hoa, now a new name.  Not sure if it's new ownership or not, but it is and has always been my favorite Pho spot in Philly.  After spending a lot of time in Vietnam, I gotta say this place makes the most authentic flavorful broth that I've tasted.  Everything I've had has been amazing.  Always full of Vietnamese families, so you know it's good.Even though this is a pho place, they also serve many other foods. I ordered a pad Thai, on the menu it clearly states that there will be tofu with the pad thai. When the food came, I expected tofu on the pad thai. Sadly there wasn't any, not even 1 piece! So I called the waiter over and asked about the missing tofu for the pad Thai, he said it doesn't come with tofu at all. I told him that the menu clearly states that it comes with tofu, he answered he doesn't even know why the menu states that it includes tofu but it really doesn't. 
This place serves fried tofu as an appetizer, it not so hard to fried some of that up and dump it on the pad Thai.
The menu is the key to a restaurant, if the restaurant can't live up to a menu they created. they might as well put more bullshit in their menu to attract more customers.Such great pho! I definitely recommend doing it "to go" as well. Affordable, delicious, and packaged well. Every once in awhile the noodles are a little over cooked but the broth sorts that out!  Only thing I don't like is the packaging in styrofoam. Other than that, check it out!I'd rather pick one of the neighboring Vietnamese places.
We picked Pho Ta randomly for lunch after my cousin's graduation ceremony. It was Friday afternoon and the restaurant wasn't really busy. Just by looking at the menu, at first I was kind of happy with the wide variety of options (including fusion-ized pan- fried Thai noodle dishes). But I just didn't like their version of my favorite Viet dish Bun Bo Hue. For some reason, it tasted  a tad greasier than what I know it to be. Very few meat, and to much of the suet. Prices are also in the more pricey range of typical Vietnamese restaurantPho Ta isn't bad. I got the beef curry pho, which is a different choice for me, but nothing else was really screaming delicious at me. Perhaps it's the overwhelmingly large menu? My friend got the pork pho with yummy greens and I wish I'd gotten that instead. 
We also got a couple summer rolls, one with shrimp (just okay) and one BBQ Pork roll (excellent). 
Overall, not a bad place. Service was good and all, but I've experienced better. 
Special Note: Parking is a real PIA in this area, so I would walk or avoid high-traffic times.3.5 Stars! Come for the pho, not for the service. I think I'm just use to the Asian style service which is, come in, eat, get out, and if you need something, hail down a waiter.
The beef stew pho (b24) was really good. I got my broth non-fat and it was so good and flavorful. Lot of fat in the beef. I'd get it again. 
The traditional pho was good too. Nice light, flavorful broth.
Vegetable spring rolls were crisp and I enjoyed the sauce it came with.
The menu is very large, even a bit overwhelming.
Would definitely return on another cold day.This is my new pho place in Philly.  Their Pho Bo Kho is amazeballs.  I also like their Udon noodles with Pig feet (Banh canh gio heo)- I LOOOVE PIG FEETs.  Plus, their avocado smoothie is nice and thick (and fresh).  I will update when I try more things here.  
Service is typical of a pho place - staff are nice enough, but sorta aloof.This is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that I go to and actually come back time after time. The food is good. The location is also much more hip and friendly compared to Nam Phuong for example. 
However, recently I came back wanting to do an event in January on a MONDAY or every Monday if everything goes well. I talked with the manager. He was rude, loud and didn't seem to know the power of social media or advertisement. He basically told us that we cannot come unless I am sure that everyone will order food or at least a drink because we cannot use his space and just sit there. There are plenty of restaurants out there who would love to have a group of people come eat and drink. I picked Pho Ta because I like their food and want to support local Vietnamese restaurants.  
I am happy to be looking younger than my actual age, but being Asian and looking young. I tend to get treated not so well by other Asians who believe because they are older and I am some college kid. 
Anyway, don't let my experience discourage you. Pho Ta still has good food. Just know what to order.  For me, I will not come back ever because of the "customer service" I received.I was a local and came here 3 times a week. This place is one of my favorite places to go to eat Pho. However, this place is on a serious decline because of there gnats/small fruit flys in your Pho. I do not understand why they will not address this problem. I don't want to find another Pho place in Philly but I may just have to. :(Sometimes you need a nice bowl of pho, some crispy delicious spring rolls, and a cold drink. This place delivers on all accounts. The broth for the pho is rich and tasty, and the spring rolls are done well.My ultimate favorite pho restaurant in Philadelphia. The ownership and the name of the restaurant may have changed, but the delicious flavors of the pho noodle soup, BBQ pork chop rice plates, and fried rice still has that savory taste that keeps you coming back for more. If you've had the crab fried rice at Pod (By Stephen Starr), which is really flavorful, but expensive, Pho Ta also serves crab fried rice that tastes similar to it, but a little more greasy. Their fried rice dishes are yummy, but I would personally recommend the crab fried rice. At every pho restaurant, I usually order Pho Dac Biet with beef balls. It has a little bit of everything and is absolutely delicious. It's important to have the right taste for the broth and the pho noodles cooked just right (not too firm or too soggy). Pho Ta still nails it.First and foremost - the jackfruit smoothie is amazing.
I'm not too sure if I should give it one or two stars.  I'm also confused why the rating is more than a solid 3.  Maybe the kitchen staff lost their mojo on the day I went
The beef satay is the worst I have ever had.  It tasted sour... Not the lemon sour, but spoiled / fermenting sour.  The noodles they used as garnish smelled like a wet rag.  The pho broth was also the worst I have had also.  It was bland and watered down.
The service was terrible.  It was so bad.  Not once were we asked how things were, and a huge pet peeve in service industry:  the waiter fails to say "excuse my reach."  He just leans over the table to refill water.  Servers severely lack etiquette and this was the first time if my life where a server asks their patrons to help then grab a piping hot bowl of pho - or if anything for that matter.  Servers are untrained.  
Only way I'd go back is for the jackfruit smoothie which I really recommend you to try!