Huge portion in a "regular bowl", plenty of meat and super reasonably priced! Awesome Pho spot!A restaurant which only specializes in PHO. That's literally the only thing you could get here (food-wise). Service is quick because they have the broth boiling in the kitchen the entire day. And the broth is really flavorful.We have been going to Pho 75 for years, but have never bothered to write a review. 
This place only serves pho, that's it, not even rice; if someone in the group doesn't like pho, you're going to have to go somewhere else.
So many types of pho for a very reasonable price, but, the menu is VERY limited for vegetarians. The broth is beef broth, and is delicious, but if you're a vegetarian, you're going to have to put up with a broth-less soup, which isn't really soup. 
The service is EXTREMELY fast! I've placed an order, went to the bathroom for less than five minutes, and when I came back, the food was at the table. 
Over all, Pho 75 is a great restaurant, and I would recommend.WOW. There's this one place in Atlanta where I always tell people that it has the best pho... but i can't say that anymore after today. Came here for lunch on my own and the pho here was pho-reaking delicious.
Like many of the reviews already, the broth is what did it for me. Price (Large 6.95, Regular 5.95) / Quantity ratio was just right, Meat / Noodles ratio was perfect, and basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, and lime were sufficient. However, the broth was full of flavor. I almost didn't want to put any hoison and siracha in my broth which I always do. The first flavor I tasted was the beef in the broth - well done. Then as I started to mix around the broth and drank some more, the other flavors started to kick in - cloves, ginger, fish sauce, onion, cinnamon, etc... can't even name it all.
One down (it's not really even a down) side is that they don't serve banh mi here. I just love doing a small pho with a sandwich. great combo. But couldn't do that here. Oh wells. I read the restaurant next door has some good banh mi so that will probably be my next review.
Few Tips: Cash only, pay at cash register, located in a plaza, and the map location on yelp is wrong. It's located where Thien Tan is and not where it says it is on yelp. Google map it for more accurate directions.When I start to feel a li'l rundown and woozie, my throat tightens up and my body gets a li'l sluggish, I can always count on some pho to set me right. Tuesday night, Pho 75 did not disappoint. 
They close at 8. I found myself wearied and worn out at my desk at 7:15 so I scooted up the Boulevard in 15 minutes to find that honestly--the Vietnamese do fast food better than any Burger King, McDonald's, etc. you think you know.
You can tell this is a family style staple in the community, and even though no one apart from my waitperson really broke from speaking Vietnamese, patrons and staff greeted me with hello nods and smiles, which I thought was really nice. (I'm Southern. You can always win my continued bidness with a head nod and a smile.)
I trotted away with my eye-round steak pho with all the bean sproutin', basil havin', hot hoisoned sauce fixin's in tow and headed home to get my slizzurp on. 
And.
Let.
Me.
Tell.
You.
Satisfied barely begins to cut it. Piping hot even after the nearly 20-minute ride home, I fell back on my sofa like the fat-baby-bellied soul that I am and got me some slumber. That's right--this food so good it'll rock you to sleep! But not like tryptophan, roofied sleep. This is more like that good sleep when you wake up feeling fed, rested and fortified.
Oh, and you know you can't beat these prices right? Yeah, that's right. I'll raise you two chopsticks and wait here while you go find your big ass soup spoon. Let's slurp together.I live in northeast Philly, and this is the closest place to me to go to for Pho. Atmosphere, location, and staff blow, but the Pho was delicious. I got a regular size, and it was HUGE, and cheap!!!  I got the white meat chicken, though all of the red meat options were apealing, to be a little more on the healthy side. They were generous with the chicken, and it was tender and juicy.  The broth was SOOOOOO yummy, and the plate if peppers, sprouts, and seasonings made it even better. I will definately be back!!! ( I would of given it 5 stars it the people working there weren't so weird and the place so ugly).
The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the inside isn't all that nice and the staff at times r a little weird, but the Pho is excellent. I always get the white meat chicken, and they give u generous servings of tender chicken. The broth is excellent, tons of noodles, and tons of veggies etc... on the side to add to the soup. I can't even finish a small, (which is only $5.95), I can't even imagine what a large is like!!! Also, the ice coffee with sweetened condensed milk is SOOOOOO good!!! Luv this place :-)Hearing the calls for Pho, I decided to invite the office over to Pho75 on Friday. Like most have said before, if you want to eat more than soup then go somewhere else. The first time I went there I thought I would be starving afterwards but it is quite filling. 
Waiters take your order and bring you your food, anything else is not really in the job description so don't be a chatty patty(have no idea where I got that from). 
The first time I went here I thought that I would be starving but trust me the soup is very filling. Don't bring plastic cuz it is strickly CASH.Best Banh Mi sandwich in the city! I hate even writing this because I don't want anyone else to go there. I want it all for myself.First time visit today. I see that they only sell pho and drinks. I usually go to pho ha saigon and have been to most in the vicinity. The pho broth here is different in my opinion. It has a much deeper taste and I love it. At first bite it tasted a bit salty to me but it wore down. The meat was very good. Brisket and flank only for this guy. Defintely will be back.Without making this long and winded, Pho75 makes the best pho I've had, from Cali to Philly. It's the only place I go if I'm just looking for pho, since there's nothing else on the menu. Usually that would aggravate me, but not here. It's that good. Actually, you can also order a side of sliced onions soaked in vinegar- they're awesome. If you're looking for great pho, this is the place. They have locations all over the place.
I made the mistake of going into Pho Hoa, which is down the street. Check out that review too.I've been here twice and both times it's been the best beef pho I've ever eaten. I can't say enough good things. The only drawback is trying to park during a busy time, that parking lot is CRAZY. It's well worth the trip to get a delicious and exceptional bowl of pho. Don't think too hard, just go!One of the best Pho spots in Philly. The food is consistently good, fast service and the prices are cheaaaap! This is one of my go to restaurants for quick, fabulous & cheap eats.During final exams, I must have come to this place everyday for a couple of weeks straight.  Worth the trek from the Art Museum neighborhood.  Delicious pho that nourished the brain and the soul.  One of my fond memories of Philadelphia.I've been going to Pho75 for 15 years and the food has always been outstanding. It's always served hot and fresh.Still a solid 4!  We were there last night, was going to check in, maybe take a pic or two, but guess what?  They were so quick, and I had to eat!  All the good food made me forget.  Lol. 
They even had a race!  We ordered, a few minutes later, our food came out, then a minute later, out comes the water guy with our water.  So funny :)
Oh yeah,  bathroom was ok, not fancy, but not disgusting. 
Also,  cash only, but they have an ATM inside.Delicious broth and they don't skimp on the meat.  The tendon is nice and soft. The only complaint I have is that the last time I was there the place was empty except for myself and one other person and I found it almost impossible to get a refill on my drink.  I finally had to go up to the counter and ask the guy at the register.  With that said; I'll still go back.  As a matter of fact writing this review has made me crave a bowl. I think I'll head over to Pho75 right now.This place is my alpha and omega of Pho currently.  It was my first and my most recent bowl of the wonderful marrow-y goodness. Thank god it was one of the best bowls then and damn have they still got it.  In the 10 years since having a bowl here I have easily been to over 50 other Vietnamese restaurants between Maine and as far away as Australia and have had Pho in almost all of them.   I consider myself to be an aficionado of the dish and have spent years perfecting my own personal recipe.  My background aside, this place does one thing and they do it well. 
 Some of the reviews in here 
really 
 annoy me.  
You gave them two stars because they didn't have spring rolls and your side sprouts were a little old and not as crisp as you'd like.  Boo HOOO. (this is one of those first world problems issues for which I poop on)
The utilitarian nature of this place doesn't promise anything else.  Their name is Pho 75.  Not  appetizers and ambiance 75.   They do Pho and they do it well. If you want a spring roll bring it with you next time  they probably wouldn't care if you did!  The service this Sunday was quick and efficient.  The sprouts were full and crisp, and the basil was too. My side of tendon meatball were delectable. The salty lemonade was as good as i've had anywhere else.  I went with my friend Clifford who lives in town and was also with me the time I got my first bowl.  It was such a fun trip down memory lane and I really enjoyed coming full circle.  I think it speaks to the nature of the dedication of the owners and cooks here.  They are obviously doing pretty well in a cut throat business to last so long surrounded by competition in that area of south Philly. 
Bravo Pho 75 !
Bravo!
  You have a customer for life anytime i'm in Philly and I've got a hankering for that beefy stuff.
I only give them a 4 because I am hoping somewhere out there on gods green wide earth that I can get a better bowl.   I'm still waiting.  This was very near the top of the pile in my book.   
thank you Pho 75! NEVER CHANGE.  You can get some good spring rolls though.  I won't complain like these other undecipherable know nothing pho-tards.Great size, great flavor, great broth!! Very delicious pho in northeast philly ever! Very quick service too and great packaging for to go!The same quality, prices and fast service as the Washington Avenue location but much easier parking.  Don't let the no-frills atmosphere detract you from the place, these people know how to do Pho the right way.  They have great tendon if you are into than (I am)Best pho in Philly hands down. Just come in, sit down, order and it'll be out in minutes. Love it!My first Pho  at Pho 75 and it was sooooooo much better than I have had other places.  We had the beef and it was fabulous.
Fast, inexpensive and delicious!I am ashamed to not have reviewed the one Pho place that I visit with great regularity and have been a loyal customer since 1997 !
Consistently good Pho.   Is it the greatest Pho out there ... no.  Is it the most reliable bowl of steamy soup-for-the-soul ... a resounding YES.
My 5 stars comes with great love and a history with this place.
I came here with my first significant other and we were weekly regulars for years.
I continued to come even after we broke up.
I come when I don't feel good and when I leave,  I feel better.
I come when I have been deeply sad and my mood is altered after I have been nourished.
This is more than just soup at this place ... this is medicine for anything that ails.   There is great nostalgia here for me and Pho 75 has never let me down.
Best Pho Ga I will say that.  Many places don't do the broth or the meat well like this place does.
And ... you can get vinegared onions (if you are a fan of this sort of taste like me) and it's not on the menu,  so you just ask for it.   That tidbit was from watching Vietnamese folks ordering it,  then lathering them in Sriracha -- it's an incredible addition to the Pho !I got the number 1 Large, it comes with everything in a huge bowl!
The broth was spectacular, and everything was extremely tasty.
I'd say it is more of a 3.5 because ALL they serve is PHO!! I like my vermicelli bowls, and platter dishes, viet hoagies, and what not.
Also, the service is NON EXISTENT! I am not sure why I left  a tip. They just take your order, bring it out, and that's it. 
They don't bring you the check, they tell you to go up front to pay, they never check up on you, never stop by to ask for refills, never tell you to enjoy your meal,etc.
I guess they know their Pho is good so they know that people will keep coming in, regardless of their service, but it would sure make the experience better.
 If they would add some more things to their menu, and actually gave service, I would easily give this place 5 stars~Just as tasty as the one on Washington avenue. Their broth is so good! They only serve pho, and no appetizers, but the soup is so good that that's feels like a minor inconvenience.This is a pretty standard pho place. Mostly pho, no rice. 
The soup which is believe is the most important part of pho is pretty good and flavorful. Can't say anything bad with the food. The decor of the place is very simple and not so pleasing of the eye but I can forgive that with the fast and friendly service.CASH ONLY PLEASE!
Just wanted to throw that out there so you know first hand. (I always forget to carry cash)
Pretty solid pho place. Pho 75 has multiple locations in Philadelphia and I have also tried the one in the city on Washington ave.
The place- pretty clean, lots of tables, and the service is fast. Plenty of parking in the lot.
The food- I had the chicken pho multiple times here and I always thought it was good. Broth is tasty, noodles are cooked just right and there is plenty of green onions/cilantro toppings. This place serves white meat pho. (It's good but if you like dark meat chicken pho, you should try the Washington ave pho 75 instead). 
Only down side is that this place closes early! Like 8 pm. Very sad when you are looking for a late dinner. But otherwise definitely one of my to go place for pho.They basically only do one thing, Pho (noodle soup), but they do it VERY VERY well. By far, the best I have ever had in PA! The broth is very flavorful, the noodles perfectly cooked, the meat are tender, and vegetables fresh. Service is VERY fast. The food came out almost immediately. Place looked clean and well lit. Prices are good. This is a chain and there are a several locations throughout the city but in my opinion, this location is the best. The random misc items they had on the menu (desserts, beverages) were top notch too. If I absolutely had to pick a fault, I wished the fish sauce on the table was more tangy and didn't have hints of mushroom/oyster. Just a minor personal preference.Definitely the better pho place in the area.  I have been visiting this place for steamy bowls of tasty pho for more than 15 years, frequently then and occasionally now since I am out of the area.
They only serve pho and beverages here, yup pho real.  If you want a rice dish or something else, you will have to go elsewhere.  Service is efficient, not necessarily friendly but definitely not rude, the kind of service you would expect at a noodle house.I cannot believe I never reviewed this place until now. This is my pho place in the NE for years. They are consistently good and when it is crazy cold outside all you really want is to drown your chills in a bowl of broth and noodles the size of your head. There are places closer to my home that are pho soup centered but I skip them and go here instead. Note that they are cash only.Best pho in the area. I wish they were closer, I would go 3 times a week. The broth is amazing and so many noodles I can't eat them all. Great prices and fast service. CASH ONLY, but worth the headache. :)There is no best medicine for a common cold (or a hangover) than a nice big plate of hot pho with a bunch of ciracha (spell?) hot sauce on top... And there is no better place to fill out ur "prescription" than Pho 75.... An accidental discovery a few years back led to a long-lasting relationship with only an occasional affair here or there. The place is simple but also unpretentious, the soups are beyond delicious and the staff is lovely. 
I cannot give it 5*'s because it's not perfect but I am definitely a huge fan. It would help if the staff was better versed in EnglishWent to this Pho restaurant because it's around the corner from work. Staff is super friendly and service is fast. Pho is great and fresh. I will surely be coming here a lot more often!Pho so delicious! I loved every bite. I'm glad I was with someone who is Vietnamese since there is nothing but pho on the menu & I wasn't sure which to get. She also instructed me re various condiments. Finished off my bowl of goodness with a Vietnamese coffee so dark, sweet and rich that I could easily compare it to ice cream.Pho-king incredible. Stopped here for a quick lunch and ordered the #14. It was so   perfect I almost cried. I have nothing to compare it to because this was my first pho experience but the broth was delicious and the service was QUICK.I have been coming to this place with my family for over 18 years. We lived near by when I was a kid and ended up going there out of convenience. We moved to the other side of Philly but we always end up coming by here at least twice a month. For most of my life, we went here every Sunday as a family outing. The broth soup is delicious and I can't get the same taste elsewhere. The manager is a good friend of ours and always knows what I want to order (#16 Large. The meatball). The "three-colors" aka "rainbow ice" is good. The "longan" drink is the best of all the other places I've been. They always give me extra bowls for my family to share. Very clean. Ambiance is clear and has traditional Viet music. If you're not into it, it's fine because it's not annoying. 
I have tried everything on the menu and I enjoy it all. 
If you don't have time to dine in, as for everything to-go and in "dry" containers. You can simply boil the broth and add the noodles + meat. Let it slightly boil for about 5-8 minutes depending on how much you put in. Voila! I always get it to go and bring it back to college in Allentown.
Con: Cash only. I'm a plastic girl and I tend to forget.This pho place is definitely not bad. The speed of your food coming out of the kitchen is super fast which I like a lot if your in a rush to have a quick meal. The broth is definitely not bad at all compared to other pho restaurants I have tried over the years. Would definitely recommend people to come and try this place out.My first experience with any kind of pho.  I was here with a group, the food was excellent, service was quick, but it helped to have some of the group know how to order.  Plenty of parking in a shopping center that wasn't quite where mapquest wanted to take us.Come here very often despite bad service because the pho is just THAT good. Price is fair too.I have been going to this branch of Pho 75 for the last 13 years, and I have never been disappointed (except for a couple of times when we went and they were closed).  For under $7, you get a heaping bowl of glutinous yet tender rice noodles, generous serving of thinly sliced flank and round steak (my choice of meat - I think that's #11 on their menu), chopped cilantro and scallions, all swimming in piping hot and incredibly flavourful broth.  Just squeeze some lime juice and drop a ring or two of jalapeños, and you're all set to dive into the best bowl of pho you could ever have.
Aside from traditional Vietnamese desserts and beverages, noodle soup is the only thing on their menu.  Don't expect good service or cozy ambience; this place is only intended to satisfy your craving for no frills, inexpensive, comfort food pho.I experienced this location just a week ago. 
It was low cost. Had the appearance of a cafeteria. 
But, the food was outstanding so who cares about ambience? 
The soup came out quickly from the time we ordered it. 
No pretentiousness or bothering for more items. 
I simply went with a co-workers recommendation for Pho with chicken. 
It was delicious and came with fresh herbs to put in the soup. I gladly did and I am still not certain what it was. Flavorful with everybite. 
I would gladly go here again and recommend it to anyone wanting Pho.In love with their pho. Super amazing broth and very authentic. You know it's a good place when you walk in and smell the pho broth simmering...I came here recently with some friends who rave about this place. Its a no frills, cafeteria-like type of place. It was my first time having pho & I loved it! The food came out quickly & was delicious. I had chicken (white meat) pho, and it was perfect. I suggest getting the regular size, the portions are very big! My boyfriend got their drip coffee with condensed milk  & can not stop talking about how good it was. I will be back!Pho comes out in less than 5 minutes, and it's the best broth you'll get around the area. What more do you need from a pho place?Pho 75 on Adams Avenue does only one thing, but it does it very well. Beef Pho in all its variations still makes for a fairly limited menu, but on the other hand makes for easy choices.  Round Eye, Tendon, Tripe, etc., are all there in either a regular or large size.  Their bowls are smaller than in other shops, but still big enough to completely fill your belly with very good beef broth, rice noodles, onion and a load of selected cow parts, to which you can add fresh Thai Basil, Sprouts, Jalapeno slices, and Lemon(not lime) Squeeze.  
If Beef Pho is your yen, then you will be quite content here, because the steaming bowls flow quickly from the kitchen, and are very tasty and filling.  Just be sure you are not looking for a full course meal, because that won't happen.  No apps. No com (rice). No Binh Mi. No sweets. No Pho Ga.  They do offer coffee and a few other drinks. 
So, what's the problem? The restaurant has little atmosphere; tables and heavy stackable chairs without the semblance of comfort.  The service is efficient with no effort to interact with the customers beyond perfunctory order taking and fast delivery. The place is a bit worn out and could use some TLC.  Most significantly, it is CASH ONLY, with a little ATM sitting near to the cashier.  For a business with five outlets in the region, that is another indication of lack of concern for the patron. Certainly they have the roots in the community and relationships with financial institutions to be able to offer a credit card option.  
Bottom Line - While the pho is quite good, if restricted in options, the surrounding elements within make Pho 75 a less than desirable destination for my Vietnamese fix.  There are too many nicer, friendlier, more comforting joints, to make this place "go to."One of my favorite places since Pho Hoa shut down. They only serve pho but it's delicious. Steak or chicken.Oh my lanta, the trip down here was crazy. Thanks, Google Maps, for the nice tour of Bridesburg. Coulda done without that!
Was recommended this place by a coworker who goes there every Saturday to eat Pho. Like, there are other places only half the distance away.
I just know that I liked the food and wish it was closer.Most of the time, the pho here is pretty good. It's never been bad.
Ordering over the phone is super quick, and they never verify my info. I just shout my order into the phone, they confirm what I shouted, and then the phone call is over. They know that their pho is so good, a no-show is unthinkable.
Sometimes, I take longer to get to Pho 75 than I intended, either due to traffic or something stupid. I start to wonder if they'll call me because I'm taking too long. Once, I didn't show up until 40 minutes after I'd placed my order. They did not call. You have to respect that level of confidence.I always do carry out but let me tell you...THE BEST PHO EVER! The broth is delicious and I love the noodles! I just wish they put more onions! And I love how I never have to wait for my takeout! I call 5 mins before and it's always ready when I get there! I wish they do rice and rolls.This is the best Pho I've ever had. Broth is always amazing, and the taste and quality is consistent every time I go. Service is quick. Very good quality of meat in Pho, and the temperature is always perfect. Only accepts cash is the only downfall.Solid Pho. Nothing special but definitely not bad. It could've used more noodles and these didn't have chili sauce available but I'd go back. This is one of those restaurants that's reliable for a steady good tasteThis is the best Pho in Philly and i guess it's a good thing since they don't have much else. Prices are reasonable but i do wish that they served a few more items that one would generally find at a Pho/Viet restaurantGood food, friendly servers.. The variety of cold drinks is great. The broken rice and pork chop platter are out of this world. The phô is also quite tastybest pho place in Philadelphia hands down. fast service and the food came out right away. I go there every weekLove, love, love this place!!! The broth is to die for and is always consistent.  I would eat this everyday if I could!! The restaurant itself is very bare bones but clean, and the food comes out quickly!this was my first pho experience back in 1997! great food. i would go there anytime!! cheap, fast, great food. better than other pho places. 
they also have 2 other places (as you probably know).I've been here twice already & am looking forward to going back for more. Just remember too have some cash on hand cause they don't take credit cards here. I ordered it to go & it wasn't too bad of a wait.Thanks fellow yelpers for steering me right again. Passed by this place so many times, but never went in. Used to be a Pho Hoa down the road that I thought was great. They are since gone, so I tried Pho 75.
So glad I did; as pho was probably the best I had in Philly & much better than Pho Hoa. Excellent broth; as well as better quality(and quantity of meats) than most places. Got the eye round & well-done brisket. A small (regular) serving was more than enough and was $7 and change. Tasty, filling and fast. I walked in around 11:00 a.m.; placed my order and it was ready to go in less than 5 minutes. Can't wait to return.One of the best places to get pho in Northeast Philly. The pho is always hot and broth is seasoned just right. The only downside is that the menu serves strictly pho so you'd have to go somewhere else if you want to get a banh mi, spring rolls, or rice platter. To make up for that, they put more meat and noodles in their pho. The large size is a better deal since small gives less meat than half the amount of large. Also the restaurant takes cash only.I stopped here with a good friend, who suggested Pho75 . 
I had the Chef Special #6  first I was impressed with the size of my bowl of Pho. The broth was well seasoned, and it was loaded with meat!
All at a very inexpensive price... I'll be back
Good food, fast service and great prices!Really good food, nice that you don't have to clean up. Very good fast service. Our favorite is number 11. Slurping is allowed. The soup always makes me feel better when I have a sore throat. Written by daughter Kathryn and son Jacob.Best damn pho ever. I've been coming here for years and never regretted. The soup...the SOUP!!!! it's ecstasy in your mouth. The other pho restaurants use too damn much msg, but this place is perfect. I'll never stop coming here.i definitely love their pho compared to other pho places.. after pho hoa closed down, this is the only place i would actually preferThis Pho is the best and most consistently good Pho in the Philly area. Broth is tasty and neither beef or chicken is over or undercooked. Service is quick and you can't beat the price.The Pho is amazing. I haven't had Pho this good since I left LA 15 years ago. The broth is flavorful, the ingredients and noodles were well cooked. The taste is very authentic. Will be back! So far, the 2 Pho 75 locations are the place to beat in Philly for great Pho.Stopped in with friends, all our first time here, all walked away satisfied. What is not great about a big bowl of hot noodles, meat, and broth in the morning after a night of partying? Throw in the extras and the siracha and boom, amazing. Pretty good value as well. A perfect breakfast/brunch in the cold winter.Imagine my glee when I drove down Adams Avenue today on my way to an appointment and I passed Pho 75. I was hungry and in a hurry, which meant that I would be placing an order to-go but did I let that deter me? Hells no.
I ordered my favorite Pho 75 dish (yep, the brisket) and I barely had time to pull up my email on my phone when it appeared, packed up and ready to go, at the counter. We're talkin' less than 2 minutes, people. Now I don't know if they keep bags of #9 tucked just out of eyesight or if the people who work there are made of magic. Based on how yummy it tasted, I'm going to go with magic.
I didn't mind taking it home because the dining room of this location has the exact same lunchroom feel as its Center City counterpart. And while I  do love being served a bowl of piping hot noodle soup and not having to clear the dishes, assembling it in the comfort of my own kitchen almost made me feel like I was cooking (what - I had to combine the broth, noodles, beef, herbs, veggies and sauce into a bowl. That's more meal prep than I've done all year.).Amazing! I ordered the small bowl and it was plenty! Very filling and very good. The slices of meat we perfectly thin and not chewy. The broth had so much depth!It really is quite good. Flavorful broth, tender but firm noodles.
Worth the trip into the Northeast.I didn't mean to do it, but I managed to save the best for last. I've been eating my way down Adams Ave. at all the Pho joints starting at Rising Sun and making my way to the BLVD. Pho 75 is by far my favorite place. 
The broth is superior to the rest. The portions are better cuts and more plentiful than the rest. The vegetable sides are fresher than the rest. Hell, the water even tasted better than the rest! One more thing, the place is cleaner than the rest too. 
Yeah, it's no frills service, bare bones atmosphere, and a dollar or two more than the other places, but who cares? It's the best! I don't need art on the walls when my bowl is filled with beautiful ingredients. I don't need an engaging waiter when my Pho is comforting. 
You want the good Pho, come here!Love this place. Great spot to cure a hangover or for a great fresh meal. Wish it was open 24/7.Pho 75 isn't designed fancy, but the food is good especially the pho...also it is quick so you won't be waiting around all day
The staff is attentive even though they don't speak much English. They will always make sure you have what you need (a fork for a guy like me : ) ). 
I like to come here on my lunch break or after work for some excellent pho!Since we were here last (years ago, when they had a separate smoking section ...in the same room) the layout was all the same -plain and simple.
But after they brought our food (I actually did a joke countdown for a few seconds a couple of minutes after we ordered, and was shocked to see the guy came out of the kitchen in synced), none of that mattered.  The broth tasted great and flavorful.  Meats and others were plentiful. I ordered the number 3: slices of eye-round steak, well-done brisket, fat brisket, soft tendon and beef tripe.  I just realized that i didn't get beef tripe  (i never really liked them cause they're usually hard and no flavor even at other places). I usually get soft tendon. 
We usually go to the one in N.E.Philly since it's closer and my wife usually order pork chop with rice.  It was nice to know that they didn't sacrifice taste. 
Tip: they still even have 2 sizes,  regular and large. Aging stopped me from devouring large size these days.  Also, they only accept cash.This is the simplest place all they have is noodles but when I tell u it's the best noodles I had. I could eat this everyday and so far I mostly have. The waiter are a little bored and all they do is sit around and play on there phones but hey the noodles are awsome. And the sad part is they only accept cash.Pho 75 was my first experience with Pho. I was introduced to it years ago by a dear friend. I've gone to a few other places (like the one on Bustleton and County Line owned by the Russian mob that sucks... no names mentioned!). I rarely get down to this part of the Lower NE. It's literally a stone's throw from where I grew up. 
I happened to be in the 'hood last week and was jonesin' for pho. My first experience here was rather weird. I was the only non-Asian. I felt like all eyes were on me. Wha? Can you tell I still haven't mastered chopsticks yet?! lol
I didn't see that they were closing at 8p and it was quarter of already. I walked in, was immediately seated and within 3 minutes a steaming bowl of heaven -- steak and tripe (I didn't order the tripe, just steak, but that's alright. It melted in my mouth. Delish!) was in front of me with all of the fixin's. I was in my glory. 
The staff waited graciously until I slurped the last drop from my bowl. It seemed that had kicked out the other stragglers before me. I forgot it was cash only so I had to run across Adams Ave to tap MAC. They didn't seem to mind. I came back, paid up and got a warm thank you as I left. 
There may be better pho places (that I haven't discovered yet), but it is absolutely worth visiting... and avoiding the unnamed place on Bustleton Avenue that's owned by the Ruskies. lolOut of all of the Vietnamese places around the Adams Ave area, this place probably has the best Pho. The cost is slightly more expensive and the portions aren't as big as Pho Hoa's but this restaurant has fresh ingredients, flavorful broth and the noodles are soft, which is kind of a deal breaker for me. 
When you open up a shop called PHO 75 and all you do is Pho, then it better be good. 
The service is extremely fast. From the point you place your order to when you're paying may only take at most a couple of minutes.
The only downside that I can see is the limited selection of non pho dishes. I'm not even sure they have non pho dishes at this store. But that's ok I have other places for those and when you come here, you come for PHO!If you're looking for great pho, here's the place to go. Since this place only specializes in pho, you can always count on it being consistently delicious. Their large bowl isn't the biggest I've seen but the flavor of broth is always good. If you're coming here, be sure to bring cash.This place strictly sells pho (there is a general Vietnamese restaurant next door with other types of dishes) but they do it right. They were also the first pho restaurant in NE Philly, and one of the first in Philadelphia. The chicken in the chicken pho was moist and the noodles were tasty. The prices are also good. Service is quick and efficient. A good option in the NE.I've not had the Pho but their vietnamese sandwiches are AMAZING. They are dirt cheap and just incredibly delicious! If I worked near this place I would have it for lunch every day I'm sure.I have been eating Pho since 2014 and this is so far the best spot. I have tried pho in 5 different states and nothing compares to Pho 75. All they have on the menu is Pho, maybe thats what makes them best. Every Vietnamese place I go, I order Pho and summer rolls with shrimp but this place unfortunately dont have them, so I sacrifice them and still go there, thats how good they are. The place is more like a cafeteria style but the food is like high end restaurant. Keep up the great work!It seems hard to believe, but I have been eating here since 1996. They have a framed article from the Philadelphia Inquirer Magazine on the wall, it's dated 1995. It has been consistently good, quality food. Fresh ingredients, they roast bones, no bullshitting around with soup base full of MSG. Fresh meats, sprouts and jalapenos every time. Great speedy service. It's not the most fancy schamncy place, but it is good, cheap and fun. It cures hangovers, too, opens at 9 am.Probably the best pho in Philly....  Actually some of the best Pho I've ever had.
couple of downsides... #1) pho is the only thing they serve, you can't even get a spring roll here...  #2) service is total crap...  #3) they only take cash...  But really, if we're talking the best pho in the city do you really care about these 3 minor issues?  I know I sure don't.This is my favorite pho spot in Philly! 
This place is simple, quick and delicious. I usually get a bowl of pho and an iced coffee with condensed milk. 
The pho comes out SO fast. I'm talking about 5 minutes after you order. Amazing.
The pho broth is very flavorful yet not overly salty, the veggies are fresh, they give a lot of basil for you to add, and they load up your bowl of pho with a lot of meat. 
When you're done, you can just go up front to pay. Cash only.This is by far my favorite spot for Phò!!! It is perfect every time! It's the kind of soup that heals the soul.
I always enjoy the eye round, well done brisket and skirt steak Phò.
This restaurant is strictly for Phò only!! 
Cash only!This is the best pho I've ever had. I've lived in Philadelphia and California so that says a lot. We've been coming here for a decade and now we bring our little ones and they have mastered the art of pho. The employees here do a phenomenal job with the service and cleanliness. Thank you pho 75!!The broth was what carried the whole place. The soup was the perfect thing on a cold, rainy day. Highly recommended! The beef soup is where I went and where I go. It's so simple, but the broth is just hard to make at home. I'll be back.Clean, clean, clean! Pho is very good, iced coffee dreamy. Unlike other pho joints everything is clean, no greasy tea pots or grimy condiment containers. And they are very glad to see you!Great Pho! 
Great value!
Awesome broth! 
Quick service! 
Only downside is that it is cash only so bring cash!
Oh and NO PARKING! 
But service it's GREAT and very very QUICK so if you are in a rush and don't have much time this is a great place to stop by for a quick munch!The staff knew my father in Vietnam and saw me in diapers and before I can even talk, so to come into Pho 75 and be patted on the head and given candy makes me hope that this small yet incredible restaurant will be around for when I have children of my own.
I refuse to go anywhere else to eat ph, it's not the same. It's like cheating on a partner, really. The broth is heavily and comes quickly, never making you wait for more than twenty minutes. I remember this restaurant being crazy, having a long wait and now, it's a hit or miss which is fine by me, I'd happily wait for hours if it means only eating there.
I always get the special or the vegetarian bowl which is massive and hearty, nothing beats inhaling a bowl on a cold day!
It's been in the neighborhood since 1990 and hopefully will be there to stay.Best pho place in Philly! Tip: always put extra sriracha in the broth. It just makes the whole experience better !From reading up, I know pho is supposed to contain hints of many spices.  Pho 75's broth was the first in which I could actually detect many of them.  It was a pleasant surprise to taste that complexity rather than salt, beef, and salt!  
The meat is fresh and both meat and noodles are plentiful.  The small bowl here is the closest I've ever come to finishing an entire order of pho, so it's probably the most realistic size for those wishing to avoid food babyism.  
The parking lot is atrocious (narrow and full of craters) and the ambience of the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.  I don't know what new age synthesizer music from 1986 they were playing, but I don't want to hear it ever again.  Fortunately for Pho 75, the pho is worth it.This place is the best around. Not fancy inside but the Pho is amazing. Better than any other place I've tried. Prices are great and service is friendly. I couldnt even find this good Pho in San FranciscoLucky me, I live a stone's throw away from Philly's Vietnamese shopping/eating mecca, and the closest pho place is probably Pho 75 (tied with Nam Phuong, Viet Huong, and Pho Hoa).  Of these, Pho 75 is my least favorite... I can't put my finger on why, but I think the broth is TOO salty and not cooked long enough - ie: no depth.  Eat my mom's pho and you'll understand!  Or check out any of the other aforementioned places for good pho!Great Pho and inexpensive. Was really happy we made the trek here. Wish I could go back! The fatty brisket was especially tastyDo you ever find yourself thinking, "what is all the fuss about this pho stuff??".  I did.  For years.  Despite the fact that I live within a 15 minute walk of at least a dozen Vietnamese restaurants.
Visited Pho 75 for my inaugrual pho experience.  Overall I thought it was a good experience- the pho was good (I got meatballs, which I didn't care for, but I loved my husband's chicken), toppings were great (I loaded mine up with jalapenos... whoa buddy, spicyness), serving sizes were large, price was super cheap, and service was fast.  
I think for my next pho experience, I would order carryout.  Why?  A few reasons- my living room has much more ambiance than the cafeteria style atmosphere at Pho 75 and I looked like a damn fool trying to eat these noodles- I'd rather do it next time in the privacy of my own home!  Plus, the regular sized was too large for me to eat, so I'm going to get a large chicken pho and share it with the hubs.
Not sure how this place stacks up to its competitors, but if you are a pho noob like me, I'd suggest trying this palce out!Best pho in the city. Everything they make is fresh and I like that their meat options are always thinly sliced - thicker cuts are chewy and make you uncomfortably full fast. Service is pleasant and prompt. It's an authentic Vietnamese restaurant so just don't except the service and decor of a Buddhakhan. Super affordable- large bowl starts at $7.50 - possibly cheapest in the city, can't beat that.What can I say....I am a total sucker for a good bowl of Pho.
I've been meaning to come to Pho 75 for such a long time and finally have accomplished that goal! Extra inspiration was given to me to venture from my usual stomping spots when Anthony Bourdain (#lovehim #friendcrush #hangoutwithme) visited here on his most recent trip to Philly.
The broth here is amazing. I'm not sure if it on the same playing field as the broth from Pho Ha....but I will keep you all posted as I continue to figure it out.
The service here was awesome. We walked in, sat down, placed our order and within 5 minutes all of us had our food and drinks. 
It was so good that we got one to go.This was my first experience with Pho and this was a good place to start.  You could tell this was a place the locals went to.  I detected no mice or signs of unleanliness.  I got the Pho with all sorts of stuff in it.  It was tasty & filling and I had the whole bowl.  There was no problem parking & it is near a Vietnamese market with all sorts of wonderful odd dishes & products I have never seen before.  Back to the restaurant, I also had the coffee with gelatinous milk/sugar.  It was full of caffeine & I was wired the entire evening.  If I was in the area I would probably go again.The pho was filling and amazing, especially for such a low price, and the service was good and quick. The Che Ba Mau wasn't very good, though, so I wouldn't recommend getting it.If you want Pho in philly this is the spot, BYOB and quick as shit, do not go here for atmosphere go here for good PHOPhilly is well known for Cream Cheese, TastyKake, Rocky, the Eagles, Phillies; and the king of cheesesteaks!  An underrated culinary of Philly is Pho and Vietnamese Ice Coffee.  Pho 75 is an awesome place to try and enjoy Pho and Ice Coffee, and you do not even need to have Anthony Bourdain validate it!Tried this place because of a review in Philadelphia Magazine.  I order #12 every time.  This place is barebones but I love it.  Cheap good eats.  Something I actually crave from time to timeOk, I've been here twice, the first time was fine, the second time the pho broth was murky and the noodles overcooked. Pho should be consistently good, since most pho places only do pho, if you can't get it right all the time, you shouldn't specialize in it.The food is to die phó! Delicious phó and definitely recommended! I got the #11 and was very happy with my meal. I also got the Vietnamese coffee that was my first time trying for dessert. It was very delicious as well! 
The feel of the restaurant is like a lunchroom cafeteria. This isn't meant for a long sit down. It is more of a quick eats kind of place. 
Food is really delicious!Ordered #12 regular with rare eye round and well-done beef brisket. Sadly the pho arrived warm. Great thing is the generous amount of meat, particularly the brisket. Beef is more sunstantial here than central Jersey. Broth is really nice. Flavorful, slightly sweet with a light hint of citrus herb, and it goes down real smooth and clean. Not oily in a rich way or heavy at all. Noodles are also different. A lil translucent, less like white rice noodles (tends to absorb the soup and disintegrate mushily over time) and more like spring roll rice wrappers in noodle form. A nice chewy, firm density. I liked it! Their bean sprouts even taste sweeter than in central Jersey and they give a lot of basil. One piece of advice: order the larger size. Regular just doesn't fill ya up! 
What I like to do when I eat pho is take a piece of basil, lay it on my spoon, place a piece of meat on top, maybe some bean sprout if I want some crunch and squirt a little hoisin and sriracha sauce on top. Experiment with lime. Tastes great, fresh, and layered in flavor along with textural elements. I personally enjoy doing this cause I tend to like my broth simple, pure and untainted. 
Arrived at 11:30 am on a Sunday and surprised it wasn't too busy considering the difficulty of finding parking. Workers are aplenty and nice. Still not used to having to walk over to the cash register to pay instead of receiving or asking for the check, but it's a nice change of pace compared to northern Jersey and NYC. Should be noted the restrooms don't have toilet paper and they only accept cash. There is an ATM inside though.  
Southern Jersey and Philly pho is definitely better than in northern Jersey and NYC. 3.75 stars rounded up to a 4!Amazing Pho!!! The service is fast and the Pho is phenomenal. Reasonably priced and packed with flavor. Get the number 12, you won't be disappointed!This place is amazing. My girlfriend and I have tried many pho places up and down the east coast and this place is by far the best. If you are looking for fancy dining or an extensive menu than this place is not for you; however, it is authentic, yummy, cheap, and filling. I owe it all to Anthony Bourdain for my discovering of this hole-in-the-wall spot. The only negatives to this place are 1) parking is a pain, especially on the weekends and 2) it is cash only. These are small sacrifices though for what is sure to be the best pho of your life.Best pho in Philly. I eat it at least once a week. Quickest service. The bowl comes out within a few minutes of you ordering it and it's piping hot. BYOB as well. They don't really have appetizers, but the pho selection is great and great tasting.Overrated.   Tea lukewarm and broth just okay- not as flavorful as I have had in the past from other pho places.   A decent amount of meat but the noodles were kind of clumped together.  The crowd was mostly young but sadly no local Vietnamese. Meh.Read from fellow Yelpers that this place was very good and boy were they right!  Place is pretty packed but the line goes pretty fast as the place is quite large.  The menu was just Pho so don't expect any rolls, buns, or rice dishes just Pho.  They also got the famous viet coffee.  I got the #1 Pho which seems to be the combo of everything.  2 sizes (regular and large).  Price was like $6.75 and $7.35 respectively.  One of the best pho I have.  The rice noodles were al dente, meat was full and the soup was very rich and not overly salty.   I think they use real bone stock and not msg as I didn't get any msg poisoning (normally it starts from my lower back and goes up to my head) nor was I thirsty afterwards.  Only docked one star because I really wish they had some rolls (will have to try Viet Cafe right across).  This place is located in a small plaza , you'll be lucky if you can find parking there, better to park on the side streets.  Will def go back.  Oh yea one more thing CASH only.Breakfast lunch or dinner.  Honestly I would never complain about going here.  Glad I have a girlfriend who loves this place just as much as I do! Also I would love to know where they get their music from!One of the best pho in Philly. They only do pho but they do it very well. They serve the best Vietnamese iced coffee/just the best coffee in general that I've ever had.Good pho. Same quality and taste as their other store in Virginia.For vegetarians, get the plain noodle with a side of marinated onions. Toss in all the side greens, and you have a pretty flavorful, filling meal.Extremely large portions and quick service.  Lots of room for groups and tea and water come complimentary with your pho. My meat had a little more fat than I prefer but very delicious.  It's worth noting they are cash only but have an atm on site.Traditional pho restaurant in every aspect.  They only serve PHO!  No vermicelli, rice, etc.  Large room, plain décor, efficient service.  The broth is excellent with perfect noodles and generous toppings.  Every item on the menu is less than $10 - tough place to beat!  Cash only and they have an on-site ATM.Very decent.  I went here based on all the reviews on Yelp but did not think the Pho soup was anything special or above and beyond.  Tasty, ample, well priced but did think it odd that's all the place has as in that's all the place has.A legit Pho place in Philly?? What what?!? The broth was hot and flavorful, the chicken was juicy. It was sooo worth walking the 14blocks. I got the small and it was really filling but I wanted more!!!!! Wish they had egg rolls though =p then it'll be perfecttttt.It is edible here but kind of bland soup base compared to the pho  I've eaten. The whole morning Im there everyone is quiet. When I get up to pay the waiters start talking so much. Now I know how it feels when other ethncities complain about being in a nail salon and the workers keep talking and laughing in their language. Was exploring new places today and I wanted to try La Viet but they weren't open yet. So far Pho Ha is my local place in comparison and I only go pho-ing when the weather changes and I feel like Im getting a cold. Call pho my preventive medicine for head colds. I added a salty pickled lemonade to prevent chest cold as well.Nothin but Pho, and awesome Pho at that.  No frills, and inexpensive. Owner was very nice to let us in even though we came as they were closing.  Hit the Asian supermarket next door!  PS-parking was ample.Best pho I've had in Philly hands down! Very friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere, delicious broth, generous portions... perfect. I've been coming here for years, and will be for many more.Hungover? Not feeling well? Just getting over the flu? Curious to try Vietnamese food in general? Low on cash but tired of nasty, unhealthy food? Just in the mood for a great meal at a VERY reasonable price? 
If you answered yes to any of these questions, check out Pho 75. I've tried my fair share of Pho places on Washington Ave and elsewhere, and this spot is one of if not my favorite. The prices are ridiculous and they are the epitome of consistency. I've never had a sub-par meal, nor have I ever waited more than 5-7 minutes for my food. 
I'd go ahead and individually review each dish (or bowl, as it were) but it'd be easier to say this- I've tried literally all but one or two varieties and you CANNOT go wrong. I highly recommend this place, and based on feedback from first and second generation Vietnamese folks I've had the pleasure of chatting with, they do as well!The greatest pho? Pho75 gives large portions of meat,  but the broth is far from developed. This is my first pho experience in Philly because all the reviews pointed to it, but I am greatly disappointed. I am used to Tank and Cafe Huang in Chicago as well as the best pho of Boston,Pho Le and this restaurant doesn't even come close. Service was expected to be mediocre since most Asian restaurants don't boast of great service or ambiance. Was this an off day? 
The bean sprouts were far from fresh where the white parts of the sprouts were one shade lighter than the yellow part.  If this is what good Pho is in Philly, then I'm in trouble since Pho is my top 3 go tos. Next stop Pho Ha.I have been coming to Pho 75 since I was a kid, and everything has remained the same.  The menu is very basic, as they serve only Pho, but it is done correctly and always pleases.  Other restaurants serve dishes along with Pho, but it is often not served properly and is a greasy mess.
Pho 75 is as basic as it gets.  Do not let the décor fool you, the food is what you really came for.  I usually order the #12 bowl (beef brisket), but have also had the #2 (beef w/ tripe) and Chicken Pho.  All are very delicious and are served with limes, basil, bean sprouts, and hot peppers on the side.  I usually also order the condensed milk coffee, which is great when I need a shot of caffeine to keep me going. 
 I highly recommend Pho 75 to my family and friends.  Try it out, you won't be disappointed!Had the steak pho and the food was delicious and service was quick! I'm from California and this pho shop is up to par to so cal. I prefer here to Pho Xe. Their iced coffee with condensed milk is also good. Only downfall is that they don't have spring rolls!Hot fresh flavorful broth.  This is definitely the place to go if your looking for authentic Pho in Philadelphia.  I wish they had a few more menu items and took advantage of the Vietnamese market they is located next to them.  However for only really having 15 menu items 10 of them bien Pho soup they are excellent.  Not what i expected when i first when here.  After sitting down and indulging in the soup, I am not fully recommending this place for anyone look for hot fresh fragrant, flavorful soup.  They are also inexpensive was another upside when, under $15 for two people.The phó was okay. Hard to find parking in the plaza. The service wasn't shabby, either. I definitely had better phó, back home in Massachusetts.4.5 stars. 
As someone who grew up in Vietnamese community in Little Saigon, California, I've rarely found pho that matched the caliber of the restaurants of those in CA. However this place was surprisingly authentic. Really delicious noodles, and fresh meat.
The broth was a tiny bit bland, but not a lot, and there definitely could've been more herbs served to mix in which often makes the dish. 
Also a great place to get fresh ca phe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee).Delicious broth, fresh quality ingredients and quick, friendly service. I can't complain! Definitely a satisfying bowl of pho plus the prices are reasonable. The parking situation can be challenging but we got lucky that day!Very flavorful broth with fast service.  You'll be able to walk in, eat and leave within 15 minutes (if needed).
Remember, cash only!There are so many Vietnamese Pho in Philadelphia and this is one of the best. Simple yet flavorful. Service was fast even during lunch rush. Food is always consistent here! Reasonable priced and free parking! 
When you are done you can always do your groceries shopping next door!Pretty simple food. Has a 'hole-in-the-wall' type of ambiance. I found the food to be slightly bland, but the dish seemed pretty classic. Well priced for the portions.The broth was really good. Sweet, rich but not fatty. The noodles was not rinsed well so it was a bit starchier than what I would like. Also, the noodles was a bit over cooked. Perhaps the experience would be different if I stirred in the bean sprout, basil and lime juice right away. I would recommend that you separate the meat from the soup immediately to prevent the meat from over cooking. Ultimately it was a decent bowl of ribeye pho.Pho 75 has become a staple in my life. I will admit my first time here was after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain's Philly episode of The Layover. I've remained pretty loyal to a regular #12, which is plenty of pho to fill me up. The meat is tender, the pho is always piping hot and filling. I tried the chicken once, mix of white and dark meat but wasn't a huge fan. I also love the iced coffee which has become my drink of choice. The service is always fast and friendly, and I've never had to wait for a table. Can't beat a quick, cheap, bowl of deliciousness in a casual, no-frills atmosphere.This pho is SOOOO good and so cheap!! I love it. I usually get a number 6 but hold the tripe because I hate that. Parking can get crazy because the lot is tight and the center is usually crowded but I have always found a spot after a couple laps. The iced coffee is also superb.This is probably my favorite pho place in Philadelphia! Small cozy restaurant, not overwhelming like other pho places in close vicinity. Great tasty broth with generous serving of beef slices. They only serve pho and they serve it well! If you're looking for other Vietnamese dishes to complement your pho then look for another place nearby. But if you are looking for a good hearty bowl of pho this is the place to be!I went here a few days before Anthony Bourdain's Layover in Philadelphia aired and went kind of giddy when I saw him eating Pho here. I sat the table behind his!
To me, this is the best Pho compared to other Pho I've had in Philadelphia with Pho Ha a close second (probably top 5 ever, with the other 4 in California). I've only been here once, so I can't claim it to be the best, but maybe when I come back, I'll go again and write a more credible review.
I always order Pho Tai, and ask for the meat to be on the side. They aren't cheap with the meat - I had enough for two bowls. And I have to say, the meat was noticeably soft, melt in your mouth amazing. I know that sounds strange, but it stood out. The Broth tasted great alone (hoison sauce and sirarcha aren't really needed at all).  only slight complaint was that the noodles were a little too cooked for my preference. 
And I love the decor! They aren't trying to please anyone and they aren't trying to be modern. It's a standard Vietnamese pho restaurant layout, with a whole lot of pink.Best pho spot in Philly so far. They're located in a supermarket plaza so I never had an issue with parking in their lot. They pretty much only sell pho here with variations in the types of meat you want. The best part of the pho here is their broth, which is clear and not overly salty. Honestly the difference between large and small is only the amount of broth, but then again its like an extra 50 cents so can't complain. The pho bowls are reasonably priced at around $8 a bowl. I only wish they had other stuff like spring rolls or summer rolls. However, its good that their only food item is made well.
*TIP this place is cash onlyThis place was awesome! Everything was so fresh and the food came quickly. They recommended number 12 and it was amazing!This is only the second time I've had Pho and this place has the best and most tasty then I had before. The Vietnamese ice coffee was excellent!  Friendly and helpful staff.  Clean and fresh ingredients. My daughter and I really enjoyed our Pho. We will be back.Pho 75 is my favorite place in the world. I come here regularly and find so much comfort in the routine and knowing I will walk out much happier than when I came in. 
I walk in the doors, make eye contact with one of the guys up front, wave the number of fingers corresponding to the size of my group, and am promptly pointed to a clean table without speaking a word. They hand me a menu but I just tell them #11, regular, and return the menu. I go to the bathroom to wash my hands and by the time I sit back down, the hot bowl of noodle soup has appeared on the table. This is faster than fast food. 
I tear some Thai Basil leaves and add it to the bowl, along with a few jalapeno slices and a squeeze of lime. I don't think it needs any additional flavors or sauces. The broth is so rich and complex... yet light. The meat to noodle ratio is higher than at most pho spots, and therefore an incredible value. Each bite is so comforting and delicious, and I slurp shamelessly until my bowl is empty. 
I get up to pay (cash only) and am quickly on my merry way out. I come back in a week and repeat this all over again.Wonderful soup. Their ice coffee and tea is amazing. Attentive staff who seat and greet you immediately. Food is served within minutes of ordering. Without fail my boyfriend and I have been going here for the past year at least once a month! This place is our favorite Pho Restaurant.  Hidden gem.
Parking is not the easiest but only once we were unable to park in the lot. Inside is clean. Portions are large, even the small.I love the pho here it is the best i've ever had. I come here at least once a week. Love the casual, no frills atmosphere.I try to come here once a week or so. They just put up new neon signs, which is nice, but this restaurant is about as no frills as you can get.
Pho 75 serves one thing and one thing only-pho. They have different varieties and broths, of course, but that's about it. The broth is the reason I keep coming back. The meat is better quality than some other places I've been. The ambience leaves something to be desired but I also think it adds to the whole experience. 
You can find people from all walks of life eating here on any given day. I think everyone agrees this place is great.Sorry but I'm going to have to disagree with the other Yelpers on this one =/
The only thing I found good about this place was that it was definitely the fastest place I've tried. My soup came out in literally one minute! 
I ordered Pho Tai Nam here (with rare slices of beef steak and tender beef flank) and the meat tasted very weird. Tasted sort of metallic is the best explanation I can think of. The soup was not clear and it was also salty. The noodles were cooked well but I think that was all that the bowl had going for it. Don't think I'll be returning here. 
If you do happen to go into this plaza, the pho at Cafe Viet Huong is better (but I still need a better pho place!).Pho 75 is only good if all you want is a big bowl of noodles (no appetizers), but their soup is really good! The staff is very attentive, and the food arrives quickly. Their sprouts, peppers, lime, and basil are very fresh, and they somehow manage to keep their condiment containers decently clean. I love going here before a trip to the big Asian supermarket a few yards away.My favorite place for Pho. The broth is always on point and the dishes are excellent. I always get a side of the vinegar onions and a iced Vietnamese coffee to complete the meal. Prices are insanely affordable, and I always leave wanting more.This is hands down my favorite place for Pho, fast cheap and delicious. I actually crave it. I have had other pho but found them to be a little off. This flavor is fresh, light and you don't feel guilty after you're done. Great cure for hangovers too.If all you want is quality delicious traditional pho without the wait... This is the place to be! I've been coming here with my family for over 18 years now and it's been the same as it always is! The decor isn't all that....but you're coming for the delicious pho, not the ambiance. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes for my food and the staff is always so kind! Pho is their specialty and they arguably make better pho than my traditional mother does!Im from NYC and I TRAVEL HERE FOR LUNCH. Their pho is NO JOKE. Its the only thing they serve and they're damn good at it.Yes!!!! Went back and Pho75 is still the Pho King!!We ordered a large beef eye and a brisket with chicken broth... both were excellent! The broth is just to flavorful.. Service is quick the food comes within 5 min of ordering... If you are looking for good Pho, this is the place pho you!!!We heard that this was the best Pho in the city.  We'll, I agree.  We've spent a lot of time in Vietnam north to south & back again on several trips.  We live near a good Pho place but had to try Pho 75.  
The broth was excellent, the vegetables fresh & the meat plentiful & tender.  I had the beef with tripe & tendon.  Delicious!  Now if I could just find a great bahn me!Like many tourists, I first heard of this place from the great Anthony Bourdain's show. I was super impressed with the Pho Bien - that beef is just something else! Grab yourself a Thai iced tea and you'll be set! Holy cow. This place is fantastic! Attentive staff, great food, and warm atmosphere. You'd be a downright fool not to give Pho 75 a chance! Keep on Pho'in on!The food was good but let me tell you, bad service. While I was ordering, the waiter completely ignored me. They don't respect anyone 16 or younger. I'm a customer, I'm paying, which means you should respect me. When my dish came out, completely wrong. I will not be eating here again.It's been a year or two since I've visited this particular Pho 75, one of many operating under a loosely-based chain (and I do mean very loosely).  It's not that I thought it was awful, it was just that another pho store opened closer to me.  From what I can recall, Pho 75 at 1122 was on par with the pho offerings from other 75's and other random numbers.  And then one day this month, I was astounded to see the number of people on a given Saturday afternoon.  
During my visits several years ago, there may have been one or two other tables that were occupied every time I went.  Recently, it was nearly full.  Full of... non-Vietnamese.  In fact, I had been the only Vietnamese patron that day at that time.  Mind you, there is a supermarket full of Vietnamese people in the same building, while also filling up other eateries in the area.  This didn't just happen once.  As astounded as I was, I made a second visit a few weeks later to find the same results.  And then I just remembered, there had been a popular man with a popular television program here.
The soup is bland.  Water, salt, and a tinge of brown.  No discernable flavors from any of the key spices; ginger, cinnamon, clove, and most importantly star anise.  The blandness had to be helped with some pungency from the available fish sauce on the table (seems like very little, if any, was used in the creation of the broth).  There wasn't any sambal-like chili on any of the tables, my favorite condiment.  The second visit drummed up low hopes and had been confirmed.
What happened?  Was it the larger number of clientele that diluted the pot?  Or did they cede to a wider range of palates, ultimately dumbing it down as to avoid infringing on softer taste buds?  I'm not sure what happened since that popular man visited, but it's safe to say I'll stick with my other pho locales from now on.
Another note, I had never been in the minority in regards to chopstick usage at a pho restaurant before.  I was astonished.Best pho in philly. I've had them all. The broth is a work of brilliance. Nothing else comes close. My wife and I go there at least twice a month. Enough said.Still the best Pho, best service and best prices in the city.  No complaints other that parking can be tough at times but that is completely out of their control.I eat here so often the waiter recognizes me when I come in and asks if I want what I had last time.  Cash only is my only beef, but I'll take it in exchange for that awesome pho and near instant service!Quick, cheap, but it doesn't skimp on flavor. 
All they serve is pho, so you know that they've mastered the broth
Coffee is also greatI can't count the times I have eaten here, preferably the Nr. 2 with fatty brisket, soft tendon and tripe and other tasty ingredients, so obviously I like(d) the place.  Today's soup was a salt lick, even when eaten with lots of rice noodles, the taste was overpowering salty.  This can happen, especially when the broth has simmered a long time and concentrated, but the really egregious part of my meal was that the extra tendon I like to order with my soup was still solidly frozen when brought out, first making the broth in the small bowl ice cold, then cooling down my soup to tepid immediately, without ever reaching that gelatinously delicious texture.  Awful.  I was really disappointed about that double insult to fine Pho eating.
I am looking for a new place to be a regular.As somewhat of a Pho noob, I couldn't wait to get to this place and dive right into a big, steaming bowl on a chilly Sunday early afternoon. I've always been a fan of ramen, Japanese noodle bars and the like, so my expectations were high for this (especially considering the volume of positive reviews).
Step inside - pretty large, table-filled room. No frills and crazy decor, just packed with people hunched over their bowls, greedily feasting on their bowls of freshly prepared Pho. Good sign. 
Service was super fast, as someone came over to our table the second we sat down. I poured over the menu for a bit as they brought over water and tea, wondering what to get. Pho is all they serve, so there's a ton of versions, ranging from fairly simple (cuts of beef or meatballs) to more adventurous (tripe, tendons, fatty brisket). 
The waiter seemed to sense our apprehension, suggesting we opt for the more popular bowls rather than taking on something with tripe or tendon (which is what I was originally considering). I hardly had time to sip my tea and take in the surroundings before the piping hot dishes were presented to us, along with a side of sprouts, basil and sliced jalapeno. 
Fragrant, salty, flavorful broth, loaded up with noodles and a heaping serving of assorted beef cuts. Sliced onions and scallions occasionally leap onto your spoon as well while sipping the broth. Plentiful portion sizes, especially for the price.
We also tried out the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk, which, despite making a bit of a mess on the table (my fault, oops), was jam-packed with intense flavor and silky sweetness. I love surprises. 
I could continue extolling this place's tasty food and snappy service, but I think everyone gets the picture. We'll definitely back to try more varieties of Pho, and I'm eager to see how other places around the city stack up. 
Protips - regular size bowl is probably enough, cash only, sip on a Vietnamese coffee afterward.Well, here is something I know I have a little experience with. I was frustrated trying to find this place and kept calling, but no one there speaks English very well, so I couldn't really get any help. I ain't mad at em doe cuz they were doin they're best (and cuz they're Pho made up for it). I got what would be called a Dac Biet out West, but they were calling it something else. It was the XL combination pho, hold the tripe ($7.60ish) to go. 
The noodles were a little clumpy considering I only carried it about 5 blocks, but that's somewhat expected. They loosened up as they cooked in the broth. The broth was very hot, which was nice, but I was worried it might melt that plastic container. It was very light, not too much oil, but a good amount, lots of green onions and seasoning. Almost perfect. Actually, very, very authentic. We like to get a version that has a little more Star Anise in it out West, but this was more comparable to what I had in Vietnam I think. 
The meats were very good. The rare steak was somewhat scarce, but was not tough like a lot of other places do. The brisket was definitely well done, seasoned, and plentiful, but was still tender enough, if a little thick cut. Not much tendon, but what I had was good. The flank was a little overcooked and not fatty enough for my liking, but it was still pretty good. This is the wifey's fave, so it would have been nice to have more of it in there, but again, very forgivable. 
I only gave them four because I tried one dish on one occasion. It was very good and I would definitely come back because it seemed to be a consistent dish (no key elements missing). They don't have much else on the menu, not even Cha Gio, which was kinda disappointing, but that's okay too. They're pho didn't blow me away, but I do have to say that when the wifey gets a sudden desire for some good pho on a rainy day while visiting Philly and a random place that we try actually comes through and 100% satisfies that craving, that is the bomb and potentially worthy of 5 stars.mmmmmm, yum, nom nom nom nom nom.....  
Need I say more? 
Well, whether or not I need to, I will. 
Monty brought me straight here once we arrived in Philly for our New Year's weekend of fun, and OH BOY, it was a hit with me! 
I was a bit underwhelmed when I first walked in, I'll admit, it isn't the prettiest of places--a bit hard worn really--but the food MORE than made up for it. 
I got the Pho Ga (chicken!) and Monty got the beef pho with meatballs added.  I tremendously enjoyed putting the fresh slices of jalapeno into my soup, as well as the fresh basil.
When I go back to visit Philly in the future, I will DEFINITELY be visiting Pho 75 again.... and I now have a plan to visit the Pho 75 here in my area soon!My attempt at the ultimate compliment:  I am a good cook.  When I've had a good dish at a restaurant, I almost always can replicate it at a fraction of the cost.  Sometimes I can even make it better.  The #15 at Pho 75 is my favorite exception to my general practice.  I can't make it any better, and I can't make it any cheaper.  What more could anyone want?I'm writing this review to remind myself to never go back!!
I have a tendency to revisit a place cuz all asian places look the same to me...HAH...i kid i kid! I def have a bad case of short term memory loss so hopefully by writing this it will prevent me from returning!! 
So why the one star. Here's WHY:
The well done slices of beef had a heavy GREEN tint on it. sorta like fish scale reflections?! 
don't get me wrong, my favorite color is green but doesn't mean it goes well on beef!!! I have seen it before on some beef, the slightly green tint that you see angled with some light reflection but this was straight up GREEN GREEN!
hmm, was it st. pattys day that day?? =P
so I ask the waiter was this normal?
He replied with a very questionable YES!!!!
REALLY??!!
NO, REALLY??!! (doin interpretation of Jimmy Fallon and Amy Poehler from SNL) 
ok...if you say so!!
yup, so that was the end of my Pho eating experience at Pho 75.Dingy interior, but damn good Pho. The broth is right on! 
Agreed, Pho Hoa is the best but Pho 75 is not far behind.Stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted with a friendly smile and great service. I was delighted to immediately be served with water and green tea. 
The menu is much more limited here than Pho Cali, but man is it good. I order the Chin (#9), noodles and beef in broth with lots of scallions. It was all very tasted and cooked to perfection -- loved the side of bean sprouts and jalapenos that I was able to add myself. The regular size was way more than enough (I ate it all and left feeling uncomfortably full).
Lots of room, plenty of seating, relaxed atmosphere and very clean bathroom. Will return.I finally tried this restaurant out this weekend. 
The pho broth was definitely good. I had to make a few adjustments to flavoring with the sauces they provided. I love my pho very spicy and sour. The only thing I was really sad about was they didnt automatically give you a dish of cilantro. I'm use to eating pho with alot of bean sprouts, and 2 types of cilantro and basil. I had to ask for extra cilantro. But it was worth waiting for. 
Because its in Chinatown looking for parking sort of sucked. if it wasnt for my awesome abilities to parallel park my big a** SUV I think I probably would have driven around forever before succombing to having to park in a garage. Another thing I hate about places kind of like this is....they dont take debit or credit cards.. Its cash only... and sigh...... i hate carrying cash on me b/c i spend it. 
Other than this gooooooood PHO!!!!
ps. i love the iced coffee with milk.. My boyfriend..he drank the coffee straight up hot and undiluted in the ice... (he's insane) the waiter stopped by and asked him if he knew how to drink it concerned because its "very strong". i couldnt stop laughing.... boyfriend loves strong coffee so it didnt phase him.. then another bystander walking by our table, he must have saw the cup of ice and he too was concerned!!!! he dropped his bags, went up to our table and asked if my boyfriend knew he was suppose to "mix" the ice in with the coffee.. hahaahaha
so I give the place 5 stars for good pho and concerned workers and guests.Not the best pho I have ever had. At all.
If you really are into Pho you probably have tried numerous places, you sit down you get really excited about the hot bowl of soup that is about to come out, and you dip in and...it's all wrong. This place isn't that bad...it's just tastes boring. I have gone there a few times just to make sure I wasn't making a snap judgement. There is just better pho in the city elsewhere.This food is glorious. This review is based upon take out because to be honest, it's kinda creepy and I might give it a lower rating if I actually had to sit in there. Ha, I'm sorta kidding.
Not a lot to say. If you like pho, this place serves pho. And it's good.
Generous amount of basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos and a big lime wedge.
Always fresh, hot and consistent. It's just good.
On a side note I eat pho every super bowl sunday just so I can make a lame joke about a "souper bowl". No one ever laughs..Solid spot. The Pho was good and hot, just like I was hoping on a cold afternoon. The pho was a bit smaller than Pho I'm used to (in San Diego), and had less cilantro and onions than I expected. The broth was slightly bland, even after I added the usual fixings of Plum sauce, lime, and bean sprouts. The add-ins were fresh and the service was very, very quick. So considering, all and all, especially the price, it was overall solid.This place is horrible. It's not authentic Pho. The soup base is not strong enough. The portion is big but who cares if it's not good. This is also a cash only place as FYI.I'd expected more from this place. It was a disappointment. Not too big, but their Pho was boring. Price is cheaper than Bay Area Pho. I wouldn't recommend this place though to Pho frequent eaters.I frequented this place last year and then one day I just said forget it. The guy behind the counter... I really don't like his attitude. I think he's the boss because he's the only one who's always there. He has a way of making it seem like I'm interrupting something... like I'm being a bother as a customer.
The other people who work there (some transient) are hit or miss. I'm always polite, I always tip, and I know what I want as soon as I walk in. Before I even sit down... I say "Pho Tai Chin" large. Usually they're glad I know what I want.
Anyway, I think it's good, but could be better. It comes out really fast and the server is always courteous. Other than that, Pho 75 is no frills straight to the point. The boss' attitude is like eat your Pho and get out. It's usually empty in there too. I've never been there and it was jumping... but I like my Pho with a side of quiet. I don't think I've been there since.... last fall. I was tempted to go last month, but I made a sharp turn at the last minute. This place is good if you want to try it for the first time. It's traditional in every sense. I love the jasmine tea(pots) BTW.This place serves the BEST pho I hve ever tasted!!!! Even when growing up in Vietnam, I had NEVER tasted any Pho broth as good as this from Pho 75. Their meat was good, the noodles weren't over or undercooked, and with sliced onions on top, it tastes SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good.I haven't been to too many pho places in philadelphia, but this is the best one I've had the opportunity to try.  It's not a place that looks very welcoming from the outside though.  or from the inside for that matter.  But they have quick service and I haven't gotten food poisoning here yet so I would recommend it for anybody looking for a decent bowl of pho on a cold day. 
Oh, and this place doesn't serve any other food other than pho.  Just keep that in mind.There are many things I'd do for a decent bowl of pho.
One of those things include going to Philly for Pho 75, arguably one of the better Vietnamese joints in the city, located smack dab in Philly Chinatown.  The perfect hangover cure, the consummate Asian noodle soup, a bowl of pho here is one of the city's best options for a cheap and warm meal best enjoyed during harsh east coast winters.
Pho 75 feels a bit like a hole in the wall, a tad sterile with it's bare and uber bland interior but clean.  The bathrooms are as one would imagine, not recommended, especially as it gets closer to closing.  As it always goes with places like this, the food is above all, offered in affordable, cash only prices.
My go-to pho combination (tai nam) is always served in a giant bowl of brothy goodness with extremely soft and chewy noodles to boot.  Each bowl of pho comes with the usual condiments of freshly prepared limes, mint leaves, cilantro, and bean sprouts.  The slices of rare beef are perfect and the well done brisket slices are juicy and flavorful.  Another winning combination is their xe lua sized dac biet, no skimping on the large bowl with all of the accompanying meats, soft and tender to the bite.  Once every noodle is slurped, and each piece of meat chewed, the broth is guzzled down to the very bottom to where ordering a drink is totally redudant.
Service is no slouch but they're not always the most personable.  Knowing what to order and even speaking Vietnamese is key to getting what you want and quick.  In the end, they're good at what they do - bringing out food in a timely fashion and clearing the table for the next eager patron.  Hence, I tend to come here when the lunch and dinner crowds die down, so i can savor my delicious bowl of pho in peace and quiet, while people watching as folks scurry about Chinatown.The menu is quite limited - pho and drinks, that's it.  BUT, it's damn good pho!  Perhaps not a good place to go with a group of picky eaters, but if you can manage that and them all being pho lovers, go here!  It is a chain, I've been to the Falls Church, VA location and was left unimpressed.   Not the case with this little gem - the broth was flavorful, aromatic, and abundant with noodles.  My mother-in-law, who was born in Vietnam, said it was "authentic" - so there you go:  straight from the horses' mouth.
My only complaint was the pho ga (yeah, I'm a pho wuss) had a lot of dark meat.  It adds a lot of flavor to the broth, yes, but dark meat tends to have a lot of fat and gristle (as was the case here) and I could have done without.Yay! They have the best pho I have had so far. I wish there was a location out closer where I work. So filling, so quick, so cheap!
The location it spacious, clean, and bright.Food Quality to Price Ratio is through the roof here. For about 8 bucks I get a meal that is warm, wholesome, and filling. This place is great. The Broth is Flavorful but I need to add some stuff to it to make it red and my forehead beading. I mean the broth NEEDS to be red. I get the kind that has a little tripe and a little tendon in it. I also get rare fatty brisket on the side. The broth helps to cleanse my tongue after the Lava juice I concoct is down my gullet.  There are other places.  PhoCali is comporable but their broth is a bit more subtle to the point of bland.  But PhoCali is open later.  It is cleaner than Pho Hoa.  And 75 is quick.  I have taken the trolley there after work, ordered some take out and brought it back home on the Trolley, and its still warm after I get home.  And my wife likes it when I bring Pho 75 takeout home for dinner.  this place is good.  i like very much.I think I may have a pho addiction....Even on the hottest days, I sometimes find myself craving a steaming bowl of soup at Pho 75.  The broth is sooo good and when you add the noodles, some beef, and the fixings...I wonder how late they are open tonight?  
Service is lightning fast so this is a good place to go for lunch.  They also do takeout.  They pack the noodles and broth separately so everything stays at peak quality.  I must admit, I bought a large bowl to keep at my desk at work which I use exclusively for pho.I am not a pho connoisseur but definitely liked the food here.  Three of us went during lunch and enjoyed the pho and the price.  Our waiter seemed a bit impatient with us (we did accidentally try ordering stomach) and the decor is bare bones cafeteria linoleum and white walls.
While the pho was good (especially for the price, which I STILL can't get over), it wasn't something that will leave you thinking of reasons to return.  A bit more spice would help, maybe I should try being more adventurous.PHO kinda reminds me of Chocolate Cake, it is the ANSWER to all our problems......
Pho & Chocolate Cake
When your feeling down: Nothing makes you feel so fuzzy and happy inside as eating CHOCOLATE CAKE or PHO
When you feel like stuffing your face: Grab a fork and just dig into a big plate of CHOCOLATE CAKE or grab a spoon and go to town on a huge bowl of PHO
When it's cold outside: Dive into a hot and toe warming bowl of PHO or enjoy a nice cup of coffee/tea with a gooey piece of  warm lava CHOCOLATE CAKE
Now if only there was such a place the served both CHOCOLATE CAKE and PHO... I would be HEAVEN!
My point is that PHO is awesome and it cures the soul. When I want some good authentic and flavorful PHO I always head to PHO75. They hit the spot. :)
Now I'm craving Chocolate Cake though... DOHMy name is Chris, I'm addicted to Pho. Tonight I relapsed and headed straight to Pho 75. They satisfy my addiction better then most Vietnamese restaurants. Take away my one week chip, it was worth it!
The menu is small, but its definitely a matter of quality over quantity. The brisket was really good, it was cut into very thin and long slices that made it easier to pick up with chop sticks. The add-ins were good, I think I hogged most of the bean sprouts actually... The jalapenos were a little old and seemed to lose some flavor.
The restaurant isn't decorated at all, but the inexpensive menu prices definitely make up for that aspect. It also allows me to fuel my addiction with out breaking bank. 
I'd recommend Pho 75 if you're in a hurry and/or budgeting.In this little hole in the wall in Chinatown lies Pho 75, a Vietnamese noodle soup place that doesn't serve anything else but Pho. No rice dishes, no vermicellis, no banh mi, not even spring rolls or any appetizers? It's almost unbelievable that they are not offering any variety to their patrons, but with that said whatever they do they do it well.  
In the broth department, they have a clear beef broth with a very mild flavors which can be easily personalized with chili peppers, lime, basil and other sauces. The noodles are bouncy and somewhat generous. All the meat are perfectly prepared and delicious. It has everything that I perfect bowl of Pho requires. 
There are also tons of beverages here to choose from, I like the little flask of water accompanying the Vietnamese coffee contraptions for your hot or cold coffee. It gives it the appropriate authenticity. I also enjoy a glass of fresh coconut juice.
The interior is not much to look at but I think this place has enormous potential if they would only start serving something more. Also the different of a large bowl and the small bowl is just a bit more noodle and borth so I'm not too sure it's worth the extra.Broth is everything when it comes to Pho quality. Be it Pho Bac (northern Vietnam style) or the more common Southern style Pho Bo, broth is everything.  At Pho 75 your getting a more Northern pho, which has a lighter broth with less star anise, cinnamon and herbs such as basil, saw, or ram rau then Pho Bo. Which means the focus remains on a simple beef broth that can taste supremely delicious and be adjusted to personal tastes at the table.
The noodles here are exemplary.
Service - quick, friendly and eager to seat you at one of the many clean open and quite tables in the establishment.
My only grip is that once I was stiffed on meat quantity.
4.5 all around.Oh Pho 75, you're really good, but unfortunately the ha(hoa) brothers are walking distance from my house.
I came here on a Tuesday night with a few friends in our asian food meetup group.  The setup is the same as other pho places, two sizes, regular and large.  A bowl of deliciousness will cost you about 6 bucks.  I make sure to get the fatty flank, the tripe and the brisket.
They seemed a touch light on the additions.  Bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and limes were present but the bowl itself did not have as much meat as I would like.  Anyhoo, it was pretty good regardless.  I did have that same wonderful feeling of wellness after eating it.  Do they lace this stuff with crack?
So, I'm not hatin, you're good for what you are, but you're not in south philly.  Shame.Just so-so pho. Been to this location twice and was fine but the broth is not very complex. When I went to the location on Washington Ave, the noodles were overcooked.YAY!  I'm so excited to say that I found a place that actually has great pho!  
Pho 75 is like the usual Vietnamese restaurant that doesn't look so great inside and has those Vietnamese people who seem like they don't look happy working there.  Don't let that fool you though.  The people here are nice and the service is good - typical like any great pho place.
My boyfriend got a large #1 - kind of like the special with everything in it and I got a small #15 pho tai - with eye-round steak.  The small and large phos are $5.95 and $6.75 consecutively, FYI.  
Anyway, so let me tell you, our phos came out within five minutes - maybe even less than five minutes.  And on a sorta-kinda cold day like today, the pho was nothing short of amazing.  It's not the kind that will give you the oh-my-goodness-I-have-a-food-coma-because-of-a-massive-msg-overload after effects either.  We enjoyed our phos so much, you have no idea.  I even slurped up every bit.  Ridiculous, I know.  I'm just so glad we decided to try this place!  
BEST PHO IN PHILLY THUS FAR.We live an hour from good pho. This trip to Phila we went to Pho Hoa (which seems to be a Phila benchmark) on the first night. The second night,  we went to Pho 75. Ordered the same two types of Pho. Pho 75 was better the night we went there.  
Not transcendant,  but very good.just straight up good pho (the greatest comfort food ever, in my opinion) - almost as good as my favorite place (which says a lot). i'd go back.
*ordered number 1 with everything.This is my favorite place in Chinatown to get pho. After getting off the Chinatown bus from DC, nothing welcomes me home better than a steaming, restorative bowl of pho.
There's not much to say here. Service is fast, food is classic pho (that's all there is on the menu). I've never been disappointed!Spicy, spicy jalepenos that will give you a heart attack or have you seeing the divine. Maybe you need one to have the other? 
This place is the real deal. A huge bowl on the cheap, this is where you go when you want to hear at least 3 languages you can't understand while watching soccer on the tiny screen. A neighborhood joint that doesn't disappoint.Perhaps it's self-evident, but if you're looking for pho, this is a good place to go.  It's the only thing on the menu and it is served in a number of traditional variations.  The broth was good, the noodles wonderfully soft and slurpy.  Frankly, I wasn't so impressed with the variety.  Like Henry Ford's Model T, it is available in every flavor as long as it is beef.  I've had pho elsewhere and been offered a vegetarian option (based on tofu) as well as chicken and seafood versions.  Perhaps untraditional, but they were really good.
Another signifcant problem was the language barrier.  Trying to get explanations was nearly impossible, and when we requested a bowl with no cilantro (due to a food allergy), it came with it anyway.Great pho, great service!
I've been going there nearly every week for about a year.
If you're looking for something fancy, this isnt the place.  But if you want an inexpensive meal that'll fill you up and not keep you waiting- this is it.  A large bowl is only $6-$7
Every thing is beef or chicken- sorry vegetarians!  
Great french press coffee too!
Tip #1: don't throw in all the sweet brown sauce (what is that anyways?) and Sirachi hot sauce in the bowl!  Eventually you cant taste the broth (which is pretty good).  Squirt it in your spoon with each bite.  It may sound weird, but once I started doing it, I haven't turned back!  
Tip #2: the bakery down the street cuts their prices in half an hour before they close (around 730).  I often go there for 30 cent desserts!I hate cold weather.. I hate it like a fat guy would hate a vegatable or a lean protein. The only good thing that comes w/ the end of summer and sub 80 degree weather is that I can shovel noodles and delious chopped up pieces of dead animal from a steaming bowl of broth. Why don't I eat pho in the summer? Why do girls wear shoes that they know are going to give them hammer toes or plantar fasciitis? Probably stupidity, the world will never truly know. But as far as pho goes, Pho 75 is tops in Filthadelphia.
     When you roll up to Pho 75 it looks like a place where my grandmother would play mahjong.. who cares. In a matter of minutes you get a big beautful bowl of bean sprouts, lemon, basil, and jalepenos  mixed w/ tendons, tripe and brisket ( my favorite combo) for under 10 bones. As I inhale the thinly cut meat with a mixture of sweat and snot running down my face, I don't even bother wiping my face because it would just slow down the consumption..disgusting yes...but tasty still. Sure I don't even know if Pho 75 serves other food besides pho, but when you do something so well this guy doesn't gives a shit if it's the only trick you know.Perhaps I am ignorant of Vietnamese food or perhaps I just expect too much out of a place that only serves soup (Pho). 
I am not sure what I am missing here from the other reviewers. The place was not exactly comfy and the Pho did not exactly have such exciting flavor. I can hardly remember its flavor to be honest and I imagine that says something. The brisket was pretty good in it but there just was not enough of it to really enjoy the enormous portion of soup given to me.Order pho from here on any given day and you'll give it 3-stars.  The meat's alright, the broth's adequate, the spicy sauce is tasty, etc. etc.
Order pho from here on a saturday morning (for nursing raging hangover) and you'll most likely give this place 5-stars.  
This place is incredibly consistent and should get a half star for their 2-minute preparation time.  It's also cheap.
Substract one star for having the worst parking in Philadelphia.  And of course CASH ONLY.Pho 75 is totally legit. 
It's very minimal as far as atmosphere or decor, but I find it pleasant and clean feeling.  You're gonna wanna go here if you want Pho, cause their menu one page front and back and I'm pretty sure it's mostly different varieties.
The portions are huge and cheap and it comes with a generous amount bean sprouts, lemon, basil, and jalepenos.  They have an ample supply of sriracha and hoisin as well.  The noodles are excellent, the meat is sliced thin and not too overwhelming.  Igor is right when he says that the broth is not as complex as some Pho I've had (like my grandmas) but it is still very good!
For better Pho I'd suggest heading towards Washington St. (Pho Ha or Pho Hoa)
But, if you're stuck in Chinatown this would definitely do!Stop reading reviews.  Go to Pho 75, go get your big bowl of pho (number 1, or 15 or something), get your iced coffee, and enjoy a delicious healthy-tasting meal of goodness.  
It's cheap too!You know you've hit the jackpot when you walk in, and every customer is Asian.
Best place in Philly for a bowl of Pho Ga (chicken pho)...especially after a hangover.  Even better than Pho Cali.
Yes, it's a real hole-in-the wall.  No frills, no fuss, no lip service...and on occasion...no English (which is fine by me!).  The food comes out fast and it's cheap.  I have no idea how this place makes a profit quite honestly.  Don't expect a wide selection of food except for pho... my kind of place I suppose.  
I've come here too many times.  If you feel like getting your Pho on, then the (after) party is at Pho 75. :-)As far as taste goes, I'm no pho expert. There are only three things I judge a bowl of pho on: (1) amount of noodles, (2) amount of meat,  and (3) price. Pho 75 covers all three nicely. It's a good sign when you're eating and eating and there's still more goodness left in your bowl! And at just under $6 for the large size, it's something you can endulge in frequently.
Other enjoyable apects of 75: (1) The service was lightning fast, probably because they only serve pho. (2) The restaurant was pretty clean too, no sticky stuff all over the communal utensils and sauces.(3) The ambient music is instrumental pop with an electronic twist so it ends up sounding like something from a Nintendo game. We loved it!A-OK. Good for lunch during the work week with a colleague you want to sit down with and talk with for a good 45 minutes without being disturbed.  Food is OK.My to go to pho place in Chinatown, better than the Pho 75 location on Washington, but not as good as Pho Hoa.What made up my mind to go into this place is the "75". Everyone knows if you have a number behide the pho, it is always good. And Pho75 proves me right again. There is a variety of meat combinations for beef pho but only one chicken pho. It is the best pho I had anywhere in the east coast, Boston and NY included. So for those of you who are advanturous, give it a try.Best Pho in US!
As I had (and having) pho all over US, the best one is Pho 75 in Philadelphia Chinatown, 2nd best is the Pho 75 in DC, 3rd best is Pho 75 on Washington Ave, Philadelphia. Congratulation, Pho75 gets all of the top3.Yeah I agree this place is as simple as it gets, you select large or small and look at the ingredients, if you're not sure you can ask one of the staff to help you. All they have available is Pho (vietnamese soup) not even appetizers or rice dishes. A little sriracha goes a long way here. They have excellent hours and a good location.My friend raves about this place so I had to join her to see what it was all about. Well, it did not disappoint. The Pho beef was cooked to perfection and we were able to order without the cilantro (not a big fan), and there was a generous plate of bean sprouts, jalapeño, and mint. Once all was added and the broth turns red from the hot sauce the taste buds are introduced to an amazing combination of flavors. The perfect combination if you ask me. Next time tying the meatball Pho!i was in philadelphia for the day and did what i am wont to do when i find myself outside my hometown -- i hunted down a pho joint.
pho 75 is ok.  it's not the best pho i've ever had, but it's far from the worst.  pluses at pho 75 -- noodles were excellent quality and the broth had tons of green onions, which i love.  minuses -- the portion of noodles was pretty small and the broth was just average.  
the place gets 3 stars in my book.Simply the best flavored Pho broth that I have found. I have had lunch here over 10 times over the last 2 years. Service is quick and the Pho
is terrific.Good pho, quick service, no frills decor. I try and stop in anytime I'm in the area.We loved it.  Even my kids, one of which is a pretty fussy eater.Despite being a small chain, Pho 75 is tone of the best pho places I've ever been.  I've tried most of the Pho places in the city, and every single time I say why didn't I just go to 75.  (Except for the old Pho Ba Le that closed, which had the BEST and probably only grilled chicken pho on earth).
There is zero ambiance, it's very utilitarian with pink tables and linoleum floors.  But when I go out to eat, food is #1 above anything else.  I always order a large Tai Chin (#12 Beef Round Eye and Brisket).  The large will be gigantic, but the small is not much smaller, just with less meat so you may as well get the large and take the rest home.  
The fixins are the usual, but it's the broth that makes the pho.  The broth is nicely flavored without all my usual add ins and the meat is thinly sliced and tender with minimal fat content.   Their service is very quick, so you won't be waiting long for a steaming bowl of goodness.  And if you need any additional fixins they will bring it to you without hesitation.
My only complaint is that the prices have gone up in the years, and they now charge a little extra for take-out.  If you do get take-out they give you the same amount of fixins and will include hoisin and Sriracha.  
I do recommend that you always add everything to your pho (hosin, pepper oil, Sriracha, fish sauce, bean sprouts, lime, Thai basil, cilantro, and jalapeno) as it's never quite as spectacular when eaten as is.  Oh boy, I'm salivating now!This is a chain Pho place that started in the DC area. The one in Philly Chinatown is very much like the ones in the DC region--good food at great prices. Pho places are more like a fast-food restaurant than a sit-down restaurant. Don't expect 5-star service or beautiful decor. It's just a great to eat, that's all.Pho 75 is a wonderful chain that sells pho (Vietnamese noodle soup) - they have locations in Northeast Philadelphia, and I saw one in Rockville - I read online that they're in Virginia as well. This particular location tastes as good as the one in Northeast Philly, and the staff are quick.
It's easy to order - look down the list and tell your waiter the number that you want! Since pho is pretty much all they make, your dish comes out steaming hot and ready in a matter of minutes, not hours! It's a dependable and inexpensive standby when you're in the mood for brothy goodness - ask for meatballs and get a coconut drink on the side.When I have the winter blues,
my mental health clinic
is Pho 75.
Antidepressant: chicken noodle broth
with a squeeze of lime and fish sauce.Pho75 is hands down the best pho I've had in the City and what's better than  Pho?  NOTHING is the answer.Authentic pho, unassuming interior
I had the meatball pho, very good, tasty broth
No gripes :-)The whole family just went there last night and it was a picture perfect. It was a weekend, so the place isn't that busy. Apparently, according to the manager (and my experience w/ this place), it is almost no possible to find a seat during the week dues to people working around coming out for lunch. But on the weekend, it is quiet. 
Don't be fool that all Pho is the same and all Pho 75 (franchises) are also the same. Not so fast, the manager told us that making a good bowl of Pho is more than a franchise recipe for the broth... and I vouched for that, the broth at this place is awesome!Pho75 was my very first experience with Pho!  So this may not really be a very fair review since I have nothing else to compare it to.  
I hear good things about Pho75 though and I can tell you that I was really impressed.  The Pho was simply outstanding and delicious.  The service was lightening fast. 
mmmmmm Phooooo :-)  Can't wait to go back soon!!I was delighted to find that Pho 75 is a small chain, one location of which is in Philly - I used to live near the one in Arlington, VA and ate there often.  The sparse, cafeteria-style atmosphere and the very low-key wait staff are the same--and to my delight, so is the delicious pho.  
Get a giant bowl of steaming pho with your choice of meat (as long as you largely define meat as "cut of beef"); heap in sprouts, lime, and spice; and  liberally flavor with the sweet brown and spicy red sauces--all for very little cash.I'm a pho-junkie.
When I'm not eating pho, I'm thinking about it.
I crave it when I don't have it.
... and when I don't have it, I lose weight.
I hadn't had pho in a month, so I was a lean, mean, pho-craving machine.
I used to eat at the Pho 75 in Arlington, VA twice a week before I moved to SF, so I was psyched to learn that there was a Pho 75 in Philadelphia.
While their broth wasn't the richest I've had, pho junkies know that early in the week you tend to get weaker broths since the huge pot in the back hasn't been simmering all week.  I went on Tuesday. 
That said, the ca phe sua da was unbeatable-- it's truly the best around.  Order it.  Don't think twice.  For the record, whoever buys and blends Pho 75's coffee deserves a raise.
The pho was great, too, and the gentleman who served me was right on point with refilling my water; I like my pho spicy!
Dee-lish.
I'm psyched to have good pho within walking distance.
... now I just need to start running more often.I'm more familiar with NYC Chinatown, so I can't really compare Pho 75 to its direct competition.
However, its better than 99% of NYC Pho, so I guess it passes the test.  
When you add in the bonus that you can go across the parking lot and get the best spring rolls in Philly, and bring them back to Pho 75, this place is a real winner.  
Nothing quells my hangovers better than a bowl of my favorite Pho.PHO:  FIVE STARS.
Alright, my five-star ratings are reserved for the best of the best foods, according to my taste buds of course, and I don't give them out so easily.  But damn, Pho 75 really deserves five stars for their pho.  Being Vietnamese and all, pho is a staple, and trust me, amazing pho is hard to find.  
Even though Pho 75 ONLY specializes in pho (which is a great concept), their pho is seriously the best.  Did I mention that they give you spoons on spoons of scallions and cilantro??  AND the onions aren't the yucky kinds that are clumped together.  AND the noodles are actually edible and not mushy or hard.  AND the meats are plentiful and fresh.  AND the broth is the shit.   
Our phos came out within less than five minutes both times we ate here.  Talk about consistency.  I got #16 meat ball pho this time and the others got #1 pho with everything.  It was great, my meat ball pho, but I'll stay true to #15 pho tai though next time.  Nothing beats that.  And again, I sipped every last bit of broth in my bowl.  That is just how damn good it is.
I love Pho 75 so much that I want to move to Philly.  Good stuff!!Simple and good Pho, and for $6 a large filling bowl. I like the large plate of bean sprouts, jalapenos and basil that accompanies. Recommend the Vietnamese coffee with sweet condensed milk which I have yet to pull off as deliciously at home.Man am I full, and I only got a regular.  My wife was craving pho, so we went to Pho 75 based on the reviews of fellow Yelpers.  The pho made for a perfect meal on a cold night.  The broth was tasty and filled with plenty of meat and noodles.  As Carrie E. said, the place looks like an extra large office breakroom, but you don't go there for the ambiance (even though they do have a nice selection of instrumental music playing in the background).  I went with the pho rookie #11 this time, but maybe next time I'll step it up to the big leagues and go with one of the options with tripe/tendon and other more adventurous choices.Today I lost my pho virginity, and I have no regrets whatsoever. It wasn't romantic, exactly - after all, the dining room kind of resembles a large breakroom in some random office - but it was gentle. There were the soft sounds of some instrumental music to add atmosphere, and a glass of water and cup of tea that were brought out instantaneously by the attentive waiter. My bowl of soup was bigger than my head (and I ordered the regular size) and served up within 5 minutes of ordering. I went with the brisket and added the goodies they brought out with it. OMG, I have never experienced anything like it.
I ate as much as I could, and enjoyed a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade before I rolled out of there. I had a cigarette afterwards. It was that good.
Pho 75, I'll be back when I'm in the mood for some sweet, sweet noodle goodness.I'm just starting to explore the world of Asian soups, having tried an Udon last week.  One of my friends suggested I take myself to a Pho-ery for lunch, so I yelped and found this joint in Chinatown.  
I ventured out during my lunch break and came to an unassming restaurant with a simple counter and several cheap tables and chairs.  The inside is minimally decorated, which leaves you room to appreciate the complex soup that much more.
I ordered my regular-sized bowl of Pho with Tai, slices of rare eye round steak that cooked in the steaming broth.  I tried the broth, which was pretty beefy, but not too salty.  I added my veggies (sprouts, basil on the sprig, and some chilies), a quick splash of lime, and some squirts of nearby hot sauce and fish sauce.  A quick mix, a few spoonfuls of noodles and broth, and voila.  
A fantastic Pho!  For $6, you can't beat the price!  I really enjoyed my visit to Pho 75, and am thinking of taking some co-workers in a couple days.Exactly what I needed after trudging across the city in the snow. I knew what I wanted so I wasn't bothered by the guy staring at me until I told him what I wanted. It took under 2 minutes for my food to get to me. And maybe only a few seconds longer than that for me to devour it. I'll definitely be back.See previous reviews: I'm obsessed with pho. 
And this one is pretty good.   The nice part about Pho 75 is that they only do one thing, its called pho and they do it well.  Both my guest and I had wonderfully slup-worthy concoctions, mine the chicken and hers the beef.  As others suggested, the food certainly passed the mustard.  I have to agree however that  the broth could have used a bit more flavor. . . 
So what's my gripe?  I'm sure people are reading this going, "Man Mike, you are kind of a hard ass.  If the food was was on point like you said, what gives with the three stars?"  Well, frankly the server needed to chill out. 
 I met up with a gal for a late lunch round about 2:00.  By 2:02 the waiter asked what we wanted.  I told him we just got there and needed another moment - After all, 120 seconds is barley enough time to get the ole, "Hey! Ya I know, its good to see you too" routine done and over with.  He sneered and left.  At 2:04 he was back, this time he asked if we had ever had pho before, I replied yes.  With that, he waited silently, pen in hand, for my guest and I to give him our orders . . . Alright, I guess we were in a rush. 
I'm not huge on service.  Normally; don't spill something over my shoulder and I'm happy,  but this go under my skin.  
Moral of the story, 4 star pho, 2 star service = Sorry Pho 75 but 3 stars is all ya get. . .I was really excited about trying Pho 75 after I read such good things about it on Yelp, only to be slightly disappointed in the end.  The broth was good, it wasn't too salty or greasy, but I've had better at Pho Eden in Cherry Hill.  I'm not too risky, so I went with the Pho Ga (chicken) which was fatty and there wasn't much of it.  The addition of bean sprouts, lime, basil, jalapenos, and a couple squirts of hoison sauce doctored it up just right... but a good Pho doesn't necessarily always need all that.
The price ($5.75, I believe) for a regular size bowl which was HUGE, was a pretty good deal.  
The only reason I'm giving it 4-stars is because I've had better, but this wasn't necessarily bad... just not as tasty.First, let me say this: Pho 75 is a franchise. Everything about the place- the 70s style chairs, tables, decor, menu, etc.., are exactly the same at all other Pho 75s. (This is the third one I've been to.) So you can't really blame them for not having a variety. This is a chain of restaturants that has been doling out the same stuff for many, many years.One thing I love about this is the fact that I can order a #12 at every Pho 75 and expect the exact cuts of meat I'm getting.
All right, this place- like everyone says- is a hole in a wall. It's a pretty clandestine place to eat at. Yet, I can proudly say that this place is where you'll find the best pho in Chinatown. The service is quick. The soup I ordered had a strong (if not overpowering) taste. The meat was extraordinarily lean and the noodles were good in texture. Of the many times I've been here, the place has remained consistent.
The only downside people may find is the lack of options. They only serve pho, drinks and some desserts. The pricing is moderate.After trying all the pho places in Chinatown, my boyfriend and I concluded that this place served the best Pho!!!!
First, the restaurant is super clean in terms of both the Chinese and Western Standard. Second, they only serve pho, which means they are really focus on making good pho!!!
I think their soup is very favorable, very clear and not oily at all. In Asian World, the best quality of meat broth supposed to be clear!! =D the noodle itself is very chewy, yet absorbing the soup at the same time. They served with the most traditional items of herbs and green. The beef, I can taste the beef. The whole PHO is soo to die for. You just want to drink all the soup after you finish the noodles and the beef. It is really refreshing, fulfilling, and very authentic =D
Love PHO!!! Go PHO!!!!pho 75 is arguably the best pho in philly period. the broth is delicious and  aromatic without being a msg-filled blandness. the meat is tender and flavorful and just the right amount. 
this joint is pretty no frills (they don't even serve eggrolls) in menu and decor, but if you are aiming to get your pho-fix, i can't think of a better place in philly to do it in. pho hoa on 10th and washington used to be my favorite, but that places have been slipping since they opened and their broth doesn't taste nearly as good as it used to.
the only downside of this place is the hard to find parking on 10th and race, but if you don't mind paid parking, this is really the spot. i will definitely be coming back as a regular.After we lugged an inebriated friend down two hills and a flight of suicide stairs, and successfully escaped Manayunk after the Bike Race, we were seriously in need of food. and when we were riding the train back home we all came to the consensus that a big bowl of pho was exactly what the doctor ordered. So our friend who was by now sober enough to guide us (yet unsober enough to jump directly onto a fire hydrant and hurt himself in a scene that was directly out of Jackass) Showed Aaron and myself the way to the mighty Pho place that I have been meaning to try forever!
as soon as we arrived we were promptly seated and given our menus, water, and tea. There were so many options that I hardly knew where to begin. But upon my friends suggestion I went with the soup that had rib eye and brisket, and ordered an extra side of rib eye. When it came not only did I notice the biggest bowl of soup I ever did see (my 3rd Pho experience so I'm still a noob), but noticed a plate of cold raw meat which kind of startled me. But when in Rome I figured and decided to take the plunge. And the broth really cooks the meat to perfection!
Overall the Pho was one of the best ways of having a meat overload that I ever accomplished. And the broth was sheer perfection (that I violated with an endless amount of siracha and fish sauce. but still!). And considering I did it all for $8, and got to indulge on an endless amount of tea in the process, I think I'm sold!This is just about the same with any Pho 75 establishment you frequent.
Ya go in, you sit down, go through the menu and order your bowl and it appears before you roughly 5-7 minutes later. 
Pho 75's pho is pretty good for what it's worth. Thus, if you're looking for something quick and easy, this is where it's at!I love PHO! Especially on cold, rainy days. Pho 75 is my go-to place for my Pho fix. Prices are so reasonable and the Pho is soooo tastey! A must-try for those who like Pho!