This is my favorite place to get good quality Vietnamese food. The service is fast and the servers are pretty friendly. I might be biased because I work in the plaza and the restaurant is conveniently close to where I live.I can't believe that Pho price has gone so high. At this place, a small bowl of Pho is $9.75.....unbelievable.I was looking for a place to eat in North Philly during my trip here and was recommended to go to Pho Viet. It was probably the best Vietnamese meal I had while I was in Philly.
The restaurant is family-owned and -run so the environment is comfortable and home-like. I had the Bún mm and it was delicous. The staff is really friendly and helpful.
I would totally recommend it to all those who are looking to have an authentic Vietnamese experience while you are in North Philly. I would love to comeback and try other varieties on their extensive menu.I have mixed feeling about this place..
Pros:
-the BEST vietnamese iced coffee in the area! one of the waiters told me that they added vanilla to make it more tasty/creamy
-good variety on the menu. if you stop by, try the banh xeo or mi xao don.
-reasonable prices
Cons:
-a BIG issue for me is the lack of awareness that management has about having customers in their restaurant! the last time we went, they were re-lacquering(?) their tables which made the ENTIRE restaurant smell like chemicals! i'm not talking about cleaning sprays or even household bleach - we're talking about industrial strength fumes! they didnt even open any doors until they were finished! they started after we gave our orders but i almost requested to leave because the smell really made me want to stop breathing; lost my appetite right away. I did not understand why they were doing that inside or during business hours with customers eating!
-they seem to be.. overstaffed? so a lot of times all of the waiters sit around a table, chat, eat, and forget about the customers. I dont mind that if the place is near empty or theres down time.. but when i see 6-7 waiters just sitting around and not getting up even once after taking orders, it starts to seem unprofessional. Its really hard to catch one without having to go up to the cashier counter.
Pho is OK, nothing remarkable; sometimes its really good, sometimes it tastes day-old with mushy noodles. Spring rolls are great - i would recommend as their portions are larger than most.
I havent gone back there since the chemical incidence. That and the service was just consistently awful. Never felt like a customer there.. it feels like youre the inconvenience thats stopping by for 45min.Great pho for very affordable prices. I always order pick up and they give a lot of ingredients that always seem fresh. Their lemonade is very refreshing also.I'm pretty sure that this place is fairly new, and might not get the attention it deserves being in a somewhat secluded strip mall, but this is a spot to seek out! I had fairly low expectations when my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try, but I was really pleasantly surprised! The decor is nice and the service is warm and friendly. And the most important thing, the pho, was very tasty!! The broth was very flavorful and the meat was all tender and delicious and served in decent portions. I also tried the spring rolls, which are always a staple of my pho experience, and they were very fresh tasting.
I recommend giving this place a try! You wont be disappointed!First time here but won't be the last. The people working here are helpful. The food was amazing and very reasonable in price. The sizes of almost everything are big enough to share. Very authentic !Pho broth was really disgusting. It tasted like they reused someone else's bowl. Avoid going here.The pho was good compare to the others around the area. This was closer to home so be coming here more often so I don't have to drive all the way down south philly.This restaurant has gone downhill since I last been to it a couple years ago. The menu seems to have less options, they close at 7pm on most nights, the food doesn't taste as fresh, and servers have a hard time communicating to customers.AWFUL experience.
I don't usually write reviews, but I really felt the need to share this one. 
Let me start by saying this would be my fourth or fifth time here. I always came here for their grilled pork over broken rice.
I actually just left just a couple of friends, and I felt really obligated to let everyone know our experience.
We got seated, and they brought out the usual hot tea and menu. After we ordered my boyfriend went for some tea and he discovered 2 pieces of eye lashes in his tea. So disgusting, but we didn't say anything since we understood accidents happens in restaurants so we just put the tea aside while we waited for our food. 
Next the fish sauce came out with our spring rolls, and lastly my rice along with 2 other bowls of pho. As my boyfriend was finishing his last bits of pho he pulled out a piece of tendon with a short piece of hair just laying on top of it. Seriously? Again? This time he called the waiter over and showed him. He seemed skeptical so he called his manager out. The manager was nice and understanding at first, but hesitant to even believe it. He just kept reassuring us that they were 100% clean, and even offered to show us his kitchen. 
He wasn't expecting a free meal, but just to let the manager know that was the second place he found hair. 
After he apologized and left, my other friend and I continued eating. I still was understanding about the situation.
Next thing I know there's a piece of fur in my fish sauce, and another piece in my rice?!!!
At that point we just completely stopped eating. The manager came back and we told him, but he didn't seem like he believed us and just took our food and walked away. 
Overall the service and taste was food was pretty average, but I will NOT be returning to Pho Viet. It was absoulutely disgusting. If you're reading my review please double check your food for any hair or debrees.Hands down my favorite place to eat Vietnamese food! I love their eggrolls and drinks. I don't usually get pho so I've tried their vermicelli, broken rice platters as well as their chef special's. 
Some of my to-go entrees would be the rice flakes with minced pork (more of a breakfast item), seafood crispy noodles and any of the vermicelli bowls. I think they have good portions and I rarely finish my plate. 
Truly believe that they have good quality food and good service especially given that they are almost always packed!Make sure you try M Qung! It's very flavorful and components blend into each other surprisingly naturally! 
Also this is one of the few places that offer Cháo lòng tit canh with such authentic and home-like taste! It would be best when you feel a little under the weather
Waiters and owners of Pho Viet are really friendly and helpful. They also have some pre-made food for you to make your own Viet dish when you dont feel like hiking up to their place :PI loved my vermicelli bowl. It has the most seasoned meat and shrimp I've had in a while. The Thai tea was on point as well. The service after service wasn't great but the price and quality make up for it!One of my favorite place! I love the Pho noodles soup and their Vietnamese hoagie! All of their hoagies! I would take the trip there just to eat the foods! Their drinks is good as well, the price is fair and good portion !!! You have to try this place! Love it!Food was good, fresh and prepared promptly. I gorged myself on the #17 shrimp balls with sugarcane and #B14 the Rive Vermicelli with shrimp paste wrapped in bean curd skin topped liberally with Sriracha sauce.Excellent bbq pork banh mi at this little place in a very hectic Asian shopping strip. Drank very good hot Vietnamese coffee. I sampled the yummy pho my companions had and an avocado smoothy. Very very happy with our meal.First off I don't know why the average is 3 stars here. I absolutely adore this place. 
I'm very wary of places when I go there for the first time. I remember I ordered a bowl of pho and summer rolls. Yes typical I know. None the less it was very good with great service. 
I frequent here at least once a week. I expanded to trying a lot of different things and so far everything has been amazing.
It makes me sad that they close early but I love the fact that they open early too. Who can say no to pho for breakfast?! I work at night so I can grab a bowl in the morning right after work! I really love the food here. I've tried a lot of pho places (I'm sure everyone else has too.) and this is my favorite place.
I'm actually waiting for it to open right now as I'm writing this review. :DSo they close at 7 now. Great. I am giving them 3 stars now :/ It sucks because I liked this place. I came back a few times, and they're pho does not taste the same anymore. But still way better than pho and more 2.Food is great & their servers are very attentive! It's not too far from my house, plus they have a parking lot! They offer take out as well. I just wish they would deliver! I'd be their main customer lol.Pho Viet is now a stable in the northeast for Vietnamese cuisine. They have a huge menu that covers north, south and central Vietnamese dishes. The restaurant is spacious and comfy. Service can be amazing or not, depending on who you get. This is one of the only complaints I have for the restaurant. The food however, makes up for all of that. Some of the highlights here are: bo ne (Vietnamese steak and egg fajitas). This is actually off the menu so make sure you ask for it by name. The dish comes with seasoned beef, meatball, pate and a sunny side up egg on a sizzling plate. It is served with a baguette and salad. Hu tieu bo sate here is also very good. If you are in the mood to try something new, check this noodle soup out. Hu tieu bo sate is essentially rice noodle in chilli peanut beef broth served with chopped beef and veggies. It is a complex and exotic flavor that is rarely available in Vietnamese restaurants. Of course your standard fares like pho and broken rice are all present. While not all dishes are top quality, most of them are a notch above other restaurants in the area. Prices are also very reasonable here. If you want a bang for your buck, this is your place.I'm surprised this place hasn't been reviewed yet. Not sure if it just opened up or not. They have more on the menu than just pho. Vermicelli dishes, entrees, a banquet type of menu. The server is really nice and accommodating. I requested a veggie version of their vermicelli with steamed tofu and veggies instead and they were able to make that along with a vegetable version of pho but didn't have clear broth only chicken or beef broth.  As for the regular pho my bf enjoyed his. I'm suprised the place wasn't more crowded but I think bc it's tucked away in the strip mall off the beaten path in that area. The food was good but I have def had better veggie viet dishes in the past. I gave it an extra star bc this is the only type of restaurant I know of in that area that is accommodating for me.This place is not a bad spot for those looking for a pho fix.  I actually never heard of it until now.  The pho was decent.  The menu doesn't state that there is more than one bowl size, but the pho does come in a small/large size.  
Pho broth has a strong hint of star anise in it, which I like.  However, due to the increased price of lime this season, the citrus garnish offered here is lemon instead.  (One of many pho restaurants that is doing  this substitute... boo).  Pho wasn't too oily and they were not cheap on the noodles!
The spring rolls were also good, and the nuoc mam that accompanied it went well with it.
Service was a little slow - waiter forgot my drink, even though he brought everyone else's out.  But you don't come to a Viet place like this expecting stellar service.  Decent meal, good price, and quickness is all you can ask for, and Pho Viet delivers.
And also, the iced Vietnamese coffee was on the sweet side for me, not a fan.I've never had Vietnamese food before and I would definitely recommend going here. The staff were great help when we were deciding what to eat from their huge menu. It had flavors I've never tasted before and much better quality than Chinese food. I would totally come back!Horrible service!!
Bad service & food wasn't all that great... I ordered a deluxe pho, the server served me the pho & then came back to tell me that they didn't have any bean sprouts left & that he will bring me the other veggies but it never showed up . I waited until my soup was cold. The soup tasted old, it had like a sour taste to it. We also ordered two smoothies, one smoothie came out and the other never did . We also ordered fried egg rolls and that never showed up. So after we finished eating & went up to pay for my food I told the clerk that I never received my smoothie and egg rolls, he told the server and the server handed me my smoothie which was sitting inside the kitchen the entire time, and it was melted... He also wanted me to wait for the egg rolls but I told him I didn't want it anymore because we were ready to go and that was suppose to be our appetizer. So I told him to just take it off my bill, & he apologized... Oh and another thing, we ordered a chicken Vietnamese hoagie but instead they have us a tofu Vietnamese hoagie, that, we didn't complain about because we figure it's just a small mistake in the beginning . But yes, definitely never going back... 1 star.Absolutely love the broth here.   They got it just right.  How they get so many different flavors in such a light broth is like magic to me.   Im there at least 3 times a week for a 5 dollar bowl of plain pho.  Perfect pick me up for a hangover,  or a dreary cold & rainy day.   The tea is not that good tho.  Kinda bland.  And they don't bring ya check to your table.   you have to go to the back  of the store to pay.  But other than that,  the food is great.  The place has a rather  cozy feel.The food is always good and very authentic. Had the schrimp and pork summerroll followed by Vermicelli Rice Noodle Bowl #1, the best. Try some corn milk on ice. Pho is probably one of the best in Philadelphia. Get  one with vietnamese gummy bears (tendon) so good.Recently, I had a bowl of pho here. 
The pho broth was of moderate quality but the MSG was overpowering. It was all I tasted in my bowl. Spices are important in pho broth, but you have to keep it nice and balanced. No balance here. Once you fail the broth, your pho fails. 
Would I come here again?  Ummmm thats debatable but I wouldn't tell others to not come here. If I were to return, I would definitely try another dish. Service was friendly and prices are reasonable.
If you're in the neighborhood and aren't looking to go much further out, then this is probably a good place to go.  If you are willing to drive a few miles more, there are much better pho restaurants in the city of brotherly love.their nem nuong are good! the dipping sauce really yum.Three of us just had a wonderful meal here.  We had intended to go to another place, which was closed for vacation, but I spotted this.  So glad we went.  We shared the family dinner for two, which was plenty for three people. We had spring rolls, soup, fish dish, beef and vegetable, rice and dessert.   Staff were very friendly and helpful, and asked how we found restaurant.  Very reasonably priced.  BYO, another plus.  Perhaps off the beaten path, but worth it.Pho Viet is a good not great place to get some PHO which is close to work for me and easily accessible from the BLVD/RT 1. I give this place a 3.5/5 stars. Located in Asian shopping center. 
The only thing I ever get from here is the steak pho and the spring rolls so I need to get around to trying new menu items BUT the PHO is usually very hot and tasty. For the area I have not found a pho spot I like better. The spring rolls are also good. The service is okay and you are better off walking up to the counter to pay if you are in a rush. 
I will update my review in the future when I try more of the menu.First, I LOVE that they are open late until 10. Before I started coming here, I tried to go to Pho & More 2 that took place after Pho Hoa closed down. Pho & More 2 closed at 10 as well, but when my friend and I tried to go eat there, it was 9:05 and they couldn't take us anymore, only if we wanted take out. Ridiculous! I don't even want to get into that. 
I work late, and I always crave for pho after 9. The first time I came here, they had just opened in July 2012. I came here with my family, and this was when Pho Hoa first closed so you can imagine how packed it was. All of the old workers even worked there! But since it was so crowded, I didn't appreciate their lack of service from their many waiters and I did not enjoy my pho. 
I came back to try it with my boyfriend this time last month since I did NOT want to visit Pho & More 2 again, I enjoyed everything! The owner is this adorable, short old man who welcomed us and sat us down. The waiters were excellent and I enjoyed the pho very much! The price is very reasonable too. Although they close at 10, I have seen people come at 9:50 and still take them! 
Ever since, this has been my go-to pho place!Guys, i'm sorry... but I'm disappointed. 
It use to be my 'go to' spot for beef stew. I would drive there just for that amazing soup.
BUT!!! 3rd time in a row it wasn't worth it... 
i got all the tendon and only one piece  of beef. The beef was so chewy that it got stuck all over my teeth and it was hard to swallow. 
I don't mind tendon, in fact i like it, but it was so undercooked and rough. Even the broth itself was not thick enough. 
Either they changed chef or stopped caring. 
But please bring back that amazing beef stew back!
I'm gonna give it one more shot. If they won't bring there game back up-i'll be done with this place.I'm a fan of Pho Viet and I'm very excited they are opening a new one in 309 Pho Viet 309. I can't wait to go there! No more heading to Philly for Pho Viet. Yasss!There are not that many options in the Lower NE for good Pho but out of all the places, I pick this one.
Stick to the traditional beef pho; the broth is good and the meats taste fresh. Instead of ordering the pork and summer roll, order the BBQ pork summer roll-it is Amazing! Also, the rice and vermicelli dishes are good too! Try the Banh Mi to go; it's good and affordable!
One last advice- I would Not order the seafood pho or Vietnamese iced coffee. The seafood pho is very very very bland! And the Vietnam iced coffee tastes like mocha or chocolate.I go here every Sunday and it is amazzzinnnggg!!!! The food is good and the price is decent. The place feels very homey and the service is excellent. Food came out very fast too!!!Great food, good price... unpretentious restaurant catering to the native Vietnamese crowd, so definitely worth a visit. They try to be attentive and do a decent job of it, not perfect but good. I would recommend their sandwiches (grilled beef sandwich is safe for the non adventurous). We come here quite often. You just might run into us and our family on the weekends enjoying a bowl of pho and the pork chop platter!!!Food wise is okay in fact we actually like the food. However, the price on the menu is different from the price they charge us when we got our bill. They charged us 50 cent extra for each item that we ordered which total up to $6 because we also ordered some to go. I don't mind paying for food I just despised the fact that they are not honest with their customers. In fact I don't even care if they increase the price but at least don't be cheap to update the menu and not randomly add more to the bill. Because I felt like I got ripped off. I noticed before I left the restaurant but I didn't want to cause a big scene about a few dollars and my mom told me to let it go. She was even nice enough to give them $10 tip. I will never come back here. Check your bill people! Don't let yourself get ripped off.First time here. The pho was really good. The broth was full of flavor and have a full menu. Can't wait to go back and try their other food.great place they have duck noodle   soup and phos as well great selection and drinks tooa little hole in the wall - only cuz of it's hidden location! great deal for a good price. I hear it's BYOB which is also +1 though we've only gone during lunch and haven't brought any alcohol yet.
honestly, i have basically never had a bad experience with pho. i've been here thrice now with friends and have enjoyed their pho, good broth, good amount of noodles and beef, and ample veggies on the side. 
their vietnamese summer rolls are yummy too!My friends and I were headed to another restaurant and thankfully ended up here.
We were so pleasantly surprised by the friendliness, service and helpful attitude of everyone. The three of us ordered a dinner for two (we were assured it would be enough for us) which was wonderful. The beef with brocolli rabe was great. The fish entree was delicious and I personally loved the dessert which is like a sweet coconut and maybe vanilla soft jello (you either like or hate the consistency). When I ordered some to go the chef came out and was so pleased because he makes it there. It was a wonderful experience and I am headed back there next week.I LOVE this place. We discovered them on GrubHub and have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered. Their pho is amazing! Add all the extras, like bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos, hoisin sauce, sriracha... every bite is a burst of flavor. I always get the seafood pho and it's filled with little fish cakes, pieces of white fish, shrimp, and crab (with a K). It's delicious! My husband always gets one of the vermicelli dishes which he absolutely loves. Also, their summer and spring rolls are addictive!! Try this place, you will love it.Went here after a hard workout at the gym with the hubby(we were hungry). Saw some good reviews and we decided to head there for breakfast, plus it was the only pho place open that early. Ordered the Goi Cuon and Pho noodle soup with meatballs. The first thing I do is taste the broth, it was yummy. Noodles were fresh and they had a full variety of condiments not just hoisin and siracha sauce. Will be my go to pho place again next time!This is a no frills place. Many local residents eat here and it's next to the local Vietnamese supermarket. I came here with a large group and the boss was not to accommodating. The table was dirty and not wiped clean. The napkin holder was disgusting and dirty was good stains. 
The bun bo hue was made too sweet and not very authentic. The pork chop rice was better.Babe and I are forever loyal to this place! They have come through for us on many occasions. From super bowl party trays to last minute Christmas trays full of crispy flavorful summer rolls. Not only is their catering food fantastic and affordable but they also are super consistent with their delectable bahn mi's! #dontsleepThis plaza is filled with other restaurants you can dine at, but this place is solid. Spacious to accommodate larger groups, but seems a bit short staffed when i visited since it took longer than usual to order and get our bill. The food was reasonably priced! Pho for under $10, huge bowls, and the broth wasn't too overpowering. Pick up a couple of banh mi to go!No frills authentic Vietnamese cuisine
The fried rice is soooo good here. Also there is off menu fried pork belly. SO GOODTheir other dishes besides pho is amazing! My rice noodles were very soft but still chewy. The thai iced tea is so good! The chicken is deliciously cooked with an awesome sweet & savory sauce!
The star meal was my mom's plate of broken rice with grilled pork chops and tofu skin.
The tofu skin was especially good! I could eat a whole plate of it as its own meal, it's very addicting. It's a shrimp/pork kind of sausage inside that has tons of flavor, plus a very crispy and deliciously fried tofu wrapped around it. Would love to know how you guys made it, it's so yummy!We had the most surprisingly great meal at this restaurant. The food was wonderful, the wait staff and the manager were so welcoming and helpful. The pricing is extremely reasonable and the food delicious. We were three and ordered a full dinner for two- had plenty of food. Lovely people and great food. It is a BYO.The com suon and pho were fine. Not so much of the banh mi though.Typically the food here is great and the service is wonderful, but on the last day that I had gone -- the service was garbage and I had been treated terribly. 
I waited almost half an hour, after entering the store, to get two glasses of water and to get served. Upon ordering, it took even longer for my food to come out. Everyone else that had come after me had gotten their meals, drinks and all. 
When my food finally did arrive, it looked as if they had altered my noodles and meats in my Pho, and the egg roll looked as if someone had scooped it up from behind the refrigerator and put it on a plate (hair, dirt and everything!). 
My waiter served me both items nonchalantly, and after being told that there is hair in my food - he had pretended to act surprised that I wouldn't want to eat it! 
I'm not coming here anymore. I used to come here a lot as a teenager with my family, and now I am not so sure about returning.Don't usually post review but was very disappointed with the order. Ordered Banh Mi and Beef Stew Noodles for takeout. 
Banh Mi bread very hard couldn't bite into it and when broke off piece of the bread; it crumbled, possibly day old bread but that wasn't the major issue; it was the Beef Stew. I understand with pandemic that sales are slow and need to keep leftovers for next day sales but at least heat up the food for your guest. The soup for Beef Stew was cold, the congealed fat on the top layer of the soup was still there and stuck on the insides of the container. Just threw everything away...I love & our family loves Pho Viet. Awesome with catering orders & super flexible. Consistent quality.