This place is pretty okay and feels like a typical family-run business that tries their best for the business. The broth of the pho is flavorful and not too salty that is usually the fault of a pho place. The portion is decently large, and the pho comes super quickly as pho should. Only complaint is that it feels a bit awkward in there, but I'm not sure how to describe it. The supermarket next door is usually empty which adds to the awkwardness.Awesome place for pho. Like 5 min away from my house and waiter was friendly. Definitely my new spot.Stopped by today for a bowl of lovely pho and a fried spring roll.  Food was very good, beef broth very tasty!  Service was attentive.  If you are in NE Philly - very nice place to go.  Prices about average.  I'll be definitely going back again!Very Good! The flavor is always great! The soup comes out perfect and steaming hot! This place always satisfies! The wait staff people are friendly and attentive. The only con is its attached to the supermarket so you have to initially get adjusted to the fish market smell but after like 2 minutes you don't even notice it anymore.This is great place for some good Pho noodles, my recommended drink is the durian shake, I get it almost every time with my meal. The place is pretty spacious.The post by Corey H. goes with mine, I just have the picture and a little bit more to say. 
Additions: The staff was absolutely amazing, and accommodating when I said I was vegetarian! I was asking about the broth for their vegetable soup, and when I brought up the fact it was veg where most places would just say okay and more on, she asked me if I would like tofu added. It was really thoughtful and the best tofu I have found in the NE!!! I strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for some good comfort food in an amazing atmosphere.We enjoyed this place. Service is great and food is solid. Reasonably priced and cleaner then most restaurants.Food was excellent and portions huge. Unfortunately there were only 2 people working the whole restaurant, so service degraded as it got busier. They want to succeed, they need to hire some staff. Maybe then they will rate more than 3 stars.I have been to this restaurant numerous times and haven't found anything on the menu that I don't like. The Pho and the salt baked seafood dish are my favorite here. Service is always friendly and attentive which is always a plus in my book.The restaurant was empty for the 20 minutes I was in. It's probably the worst pho I have ever tried. The broth was bland and had a weird bitter taste afterward. There was literally three pieces of beef and couple tripes in the noodle soup. Definitely my first time and last time eating here.I ordered pho dac biet and salt and pepper squid, pho is not the best very bland and not much taste to it. Salt and pepper squid was great The service was great too. But for a Vietnamese restaurant pho was not goodWhat I had experience here  today which is horrible .I had an order of pork chop over rice to go and a noodle soup eat here. Then I found a fly was floating in my soup. Then I waved to my waiter and told him what I see. He got shacked and asked me if I want another bowl. I rejected it and ask for the check. 5 minutes after a lady came to me ask me if anything was okay. And I told her what was in my soup. She apologized and gave me the full bill check. Food wasn't good even the customer service. I was gonna go to Saigon Adams Ave, right next to KFC. And I was in a rush picked the one close to me... boom!!!  Man!! What a day!You all need to watch out and speak up if things happen like this. You just gonna take advantage on you if you been silence.I would say this is one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in the area (over Pho & Beyond, Pho Viet, Pho75, etc) due to it being the most consistent in terms of food quality and service.
Spring rolls are my FAVORITE here! Theyre small but delicious and have taro in it (although not unique to this restaurant, others in the area dont add taro). Their drinks are also made fresh; the avocado smoothie was 100% fresh with absolutely no powder flavoring).
Their Pho is good but doesnt really stands out from the others. Their vermicelli i think is one of their better dishes as everything comes out in great meat/vermicelli proportions. Egg noodle soups wasnt my favorite there - although that may be because i prefer Chinese over Vietnamese wonton noodle soups.
Staff/management is super friendly and attentive. The restaurant usually have at least 1-2 other patrons eating, although in general is pretty empty.I come here a lot with my boyfriend and we always enjoy the food and service. The people who work there are very friendly and welcoming. 
The pho is delicious, and not over the top with too much cilantro or other spices. We've also had the spring rolls, broken rice, and vermicelli bowls, and nothing has ever disappointed. 
Overall, this is always a good place to go if you're craving some good Vietnamese food. Prices are great as well!If you know good Pho then this isn't the place to be. The service is very good I can't complain there. As of their food I beg the differ, the broth in my bowl was very dark like it was old with a heavy taste of salt. I also orders fried spring rolls and they even looked like left overs being re-fired. I been tempted to give them another try but can't seem to do so. If you want a quality taste I suggest going to the Pho spot on Bustleton ave. (Pho Tuong Li)It is definitely my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the northeast Philadelphia area! My friend ordered the Pho Tai and I ordered the Roasted Duck Noodle Soup. The quantity in these dishes are unbelievably tremendous.  The servers are friendly and prompt.
If you are ever in a need for something warm and filling...this is the place! Don't come here expecting a pretty decor or high standards of the place but come with hunger because this restaurant has such comfort food! So give this place a try!I come here every week. The service is always great and i'm always satisfied with the food and price.  2 bowls of pho and an order of spring rolls with 2 drinks only cost about $20, Thats a good deal to me :)This place is a favorite spot that me and my friend eat ate at very frequently. 
The owners are wonderful people and their dishes are just, absolutely amazing! 
The owner himself serves often ,therefore , the answers to your questions are answered right away !  
Anything we've ordered has always been , mind boogling, delicious! The buhn, pho, apps, drinks...everything! 
They do not have a dessert menu or anything of the such, but since you have to walk through the market to get to the restaurant, you can easily pick up a pastry that is delivered to the market from a local Vietnamese bakery .Been here a few times, and it has been really good every time. Very friendly, good service, and they don't rush you. I am not a pho master, but this place is up there with the other places I have been to.In terms of the pho places I've been to, Washington ave, stock etc. this ranks right at the top. It also gives much more meat than the others. He broth has a richer flavor also and the service is very good. 
Nothing beats pho on a cold winter day, I would definitely recommend to everyone.It's great to have delicious pho so close to home!
I shop at the supermarket next door quite often, so it's nice to have this place nearby to grab a quick bite. The inside is simple and not overdone with decor - just comfortable. The staff is always very sweet and they provide excellent service every time.
Like most good pho joints, the broth is rich and the prices are lean. For a little over $7, you can get a heaping bowl of comforting pleasure that's good enough to last two meals. I couldn't tell you much about the other menu items, because the beef tripe & eye round pho is what keeps me coming back. If you're in the area, or even if you aren't this place is definitely worth your time.This is the best service I've had food is good songs delicious bubble tea is nice just make sure you have cashWe eat here all the time. The owners are so friendly, food is great and the price is EXTREMELY reasonable.It was my first time here and my fiance and I love this place. It is a lot better then the one we go to at Chinatown.she had the vegetable soup with tofu and I had grilled chicken pho. The tofu was cooked right and the veggies were fresh. For the pho the broth wasn't to minty like some places which is great. We are sure to come back very soon!!! Also, the staff is very pleasant and sweet.Very friendly service.  I got take away.  Fried egg rolls were crispy and light.  Dipping sauce was a little thin.  Soup was flavorful and had plenty of noodles and associated proteins (seafood and chicken).A place close to my home in the northeast good Vietnamese food close by. Pho is good but not like south philly. Durian shake was also good.Good and service were on point. The location is a little hidden and the atmosphere is nothing special but that's ok when you're enjoying the food too much. This is a great spot for Pho and other Vietnamese dishes... Will definitely be back soon.It's a small place right next to an Asian market, so it's easily overlooked, but the people are always friendly and the pho is outstanding! My husband usually get Chinese food and his is always pretty great as well! A hidden gem.My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly - the owners are great and we truly enjoy chatting with them every time we go...which is weekly. Definitely check this place out.If you're from the NE Philly area and are craving pho and don't wanna drive all the way down to South Philly (or making it yourself) then this place will definitely satisfy your craving. Being Vietnamese and knowing how to make pho myself, I'm slightly picky with restaurant pho. My bf and I tried various places in the area (Pho Viet, Pho Ha Saigon, Pho 75, Pho Palace..just to name a few) and Pho Le Lai has the better pho from the bunch. I can't say about the rest of the food on the menu though. The broken rice (com tam) is okay. Nothing great. The meat can sometimes be slightly salty. I do like their rice vermicelli (bun) and a few of their appetizers are pretty good as well (summer rolls - goi cuon, spring rolls - cha gio). I've ordred the banh hoi there before and Nam Phuong down South Philly is better. I also recommend trying their shakes/bobba drinks. I highly recommend the avocado shake. The best I've had from any Viet restaurants in Philly. Second favorite flavor is the taro shake. The decor of this restaurant is pretty outdated (same goes for majority Asian restaurants) but there's typically no wait, friendly, fast service, good prices (~$7-$10 a dish), and decent food portions. This restaurant is in the same plaza as the NE (Asian) Market so ample parking. Convenient if you need to grab some groceries after. This place is worth giving a try.The place is so F Mess up!! We order food for delivery and they told us it takes 30 Mins. We call back like 1 hour later, they said the food is on the way. And then they call back 30 mins after to confirm my address and told me to give them 5 more mins!!!!! and after all that, the food is never here!! i call them back, they said you cancel the order with nasty attitude and cursing in the back!!!!Egg rolls were raw. The staff said it was from the tarot and I just could not believe her at all.  It was completely pink inside. I refused to eat it.  The pho broth was super bland. It tasted like water. One and done spot. I do not recommend it at all.I have the Pho here all the time, it's inexpensive and really good. What keeps me coming back is the people. They're always so friendly and attentive it's an absolute pleasure every time! Relaxed atmosphere, you can sit and read your book or chat and they encourage you to take all the time you want. Definitely worth a try if you haven't yet.Yes finally a Pho place in Northeast Philly.  Food is pretty good and they deliver now!Very good.  I can't compare to other "Pho" because it was the first time I had it, but the Pho Tai Nam (eye round and flank) was great, filling.  Perfect for a rainy day.  The food was well prepared, the ingredients fresh, and the service was prompt.When you're in the northeast and don't feel like trekking to south Philly this place will hit the spot. The service is very attentive and the pho is on par with my standard haunts in south Philly. The menu looked like your standard Vietnamese restaurant menu but all I tried today was the pho. Ample parking in the lot is a plus.ordered a beef with pineapple dish. I wished they had told me its in a curry sauce... maybe they should put that on the menu. i dont know. just a thought??Finally a Pho place in the north east!  Place is clean and spacious, and the price even though a tad higher than Adams avenue, I'm ok with it!Was looking for a good pho place in the northeast and stumbled upon this place based on Yelp reviews...was not disappointed at all!There aren't too many good spots to grab food in northeast philly. But if you live here or if you're in the area and you're craving a bowl of pho feel free to drop in! 
I've had their chicken pho, special, BBQ banh mi, special bang mi, spring rolls and summer rolls. 
My go-to for this pho spot is the chicken pho, it's  actually pretty good, the broth is clear and has quite a bit of flavor. They use fresh chicken (with bones). But don't expect a lot of chicken in the bowl, but none the less, still a great option that would hit the spot on a chilly winter day.
Their beef pho is solid and the broth is definitely better than some of the other pho options in North philly there is definitely more meat in the beef pho options than the chicken. 
The spring rolls are good but a little small. Summer rolls aren't that awesome as they put a lot of vermicelli in it making the roll quite bland. Their banh mi are on par but not amazing, mainly because I think the bread they use isn't the most fresh, but still a quick decent sandwich to grab in the area! 
It has quite a bit of seating and if you do take out just make sure you call ahead because it can be quite busy.Good pho and only 1 min from my place. I tried Ba Vi dish and it is pretty good. If you never been here then try at least one  time. ;)Ever since I have discovered this little gem last year, I have been coming here ever since. I live in NE and I don't have to travel all the way to South Philly or Chinatown for some Vietnamese food. Actually, I prefer this place over any pho restaurant in Washington, Oregon or Chinatown. Service is friendly and awesome.If you are passing thru this place is about five minutes from the fwy and has decent Pho for the price. You can do some grocery shopping too, the entrance is inside of an Asian Market.Crazy good pho in crazy big portions. Super friendly service. This place rules.I go here for the convience of a local Vietnamese restaurant. Waitress is always very friendly and checks up. Food comes out quick. Food is "Okay" not bad but also not the greatest since I'm spoiled from south Philly Vietnamese restaurants. But like I said for the convience it's worth coming here and then going to do some food shopping in the supermarket that it's inside of.I've been testing out Pho restaurants in Philly, and this one is the best! Everything was prepared in a timely matter, cooked well, and the service was amazing! Went on an early Sunday afternoon. A few other guests were there, a very enjoyable, family environment. I'd definitely come back again, and again!It was okay. Good for not having for drive to Chinatown but if I wanted to order again. I would have no way doing so because I didn't not get a menu.Clean establishment and fresh ingredients make a priceless impression. This place has GREAT food and service.We came in on a Friday night and it was quite empty, we got to pick our seats.  We sat down near the window wall where the grocery store was connected (which we thought was odd) and it was very cold. We had a waitress who was pregnant  (also was the only waitress besides the mother). She was very attentive and made sure that we knew that we may not enjoy somethings,  but explained anything we asked.  We got the Shredded Pork Summer roll which she told us the pork was very dry which it was and the wrap was like a balloon, but it was overall decent with the fish sauce. We got the Tom Thit Ntrung Banh Hoi which is charbroiled pork chop and shrimp woth broken rice and the Pho Tai Nam Gau which was Pho with rare steak and fat Brisket. The soup was LARGE and the steak was tender,  the vegetables were nice and I'm glad it came with jalapeños to put in, I liked the flavor and it was very filling with the noodles. The pork chop was juicy, good flavor and the shrimp was cooked well and also flavorful and the rice was rice. They took credit cards which was nice and luckily we got there early enough because it started to get busy.  Overall good experience, good food,  good service and we'll be back to try something different.This place has ok decor. I mainly come here for the pho and rainbow ice drink. I love when pho places doesn't hesitate to serve good amount of noodles with their meats and vegetables--this place isn't an exception. Good flavor beef broth and worked great with fresh meat and vegetables.Very simple pho place. Tasty, plentiful portions, reasonably priced, friendly service.This a great little Vietnamese restaurant in NE Philly.  They have a full menu, but I mostly stop in for a bowl of pho or bún.  Their service is fast and super friendly.  I've been here more than a few times and have never had bad food or a bad experience.Pho is my favorite food and now I finally have a restaurant nearby that even delivers. I love their food, I've tried a variety of what they have to offer and (other than what just didn't suit my palate) it was all very tasty. This was the first Pho restaurant my son has been to and he fell in love right away. Not my daughter though. Mind you they are 9 and 10. The service I have received has never been anything but polite and timely. So yes, I do recommend this restaurant. I currently have food on its way from there right now. :pI ordered a vegetarian broth pho with tofu for pick up. There was no tofu in my order, no basil (or cilantro) and the broth tasted like MSG ramen noodle seasoning. I will not be returning.The people here are perfectly nice, albeit with slightly slow service. I wanted to like this place, but the food was just so mediocre to bland. You could tell the goi cuon wasn't fresh by how hard the rice paper was in some parts and was mostly noodles. My parents both ordered pho, and it came out last (and everything was kinda slow; what kind of Viet place does the pho not come out first??). Both thought it was at best okay. The thit nuong/pork was mostly fat instead of meat, and the fish sauce was kind of bland. They also forgot about a drink we ordered throughout the meal. So in short, perfectly nice and clean (contrary to some other reviews here) but there's just so much better Viet food in Philly.Great food, wonderful staff, quick and delicious! A much needed find in the Northeast.I don't usually ever write Yelp reviews, but this place really just left a bad taste in my mouth. Cleanliness is a problem here. My boyfriend and I found a dead fly among the condiments sitting at our table. We tried to tell our waiter, but he literally brought us our food and and made a complete u-turn somewhere else... 
I ordered the broken rice dish. The egg/meat loaf was spongy and had a piece of hair on it. It was weirdly drenched with water when I pressed on it with the back of my fork. The shredded pork tasted spoiled and cold. My order of broken rice dish did not come with fish sauce (?), I had to ask for it on the side. The only thing I enjoyed on that dish was the fried egg on top of my rice... and enjoyed is a strong word for it. My boyfriend ordered pho. We agreed that the broth was pretty watered down and nothing spectacular. I would not return here again.Excellent Pho at an excellent price! The large soups are enormous and so tasty. I frequently get #61, which has beef brisket. It's the perfect comfort food and a quick meal. The taro smoothie and red bean smoothie next door is also super good. Highly recommend stopping here if you're in the neighborhood!I don't know how this even got good reviews I got BBQ beef vermicelli and it was disgusting I hardly ate any of it . The dumplings were gross too served with straight soy sauce instead of dumpling sauce ( straight sodium) . Also got spring rolls they should just be called grease rolls they were so greasy . I hated everything about this place it sucked if I could give it 0 stars  I would!  Go to the pho place on Adams way better.I've been here maybe 3-4 times. I get meatball pho and the BBQ pork roll. The food is just ok. For me, the atmosphere is what takes away from the place, and is the reason I won't be returning. Every single time I come, the entire restaurant smells odd. I think maybe it's because the restaurant is right next to a market. Also, there is a lot of junk and clutter in the corner of the dining room. Stacks of old newspapers, extra napkin holders, etc. If it looks that way in the dining room in full view of customers, I don't even want to know what it looks like in the kitchen.The food here is very delicious and great/friendly service. If you are around here I would definitely check it out. 
Comfortable environment. Great for dates and group of friends who are looking for a great time .I've been going here for over a year and I'm not a huge pho fan but their pho is pretty decent.  My kids and I love their grilled chicken rice dish.  Very tasty and good portion.  The staff is super friendly but restaurant tends to be a little chilly inside the past few times we've been in there.  They need to turn on the heat or up.  Overall give them a try.Never dissapoints .Best Pho in the Northeast no doubt.Service is great too!Seems family ownedI've been going to this restaurant for over 3 years now. After reading the other google reviews about people getting overcharged, I thought it was exaggerated. But now I see it. I went a week ago with a friend. After getting the check I double checked the math. It didn't add up. It was overcharged. And I always leave a generous tip. Never had a problem till now. The place has definitely changed. I'm quite disappointed. Time to look for a new restaurant.Had a great lunch with the hubby.  2nd visit for us...the service and food was excellent.  Family business that strives to make sure you have everything you need for a good experience.  Tried several items on both visits...all were great and the prices can't be beat.  Definitely a go to spot for Pho and other dishes.Bon bo hue is not as good as Cafe Diem. The shrimp phad Thai is good; second to Choo Choo's. Pork chops were delicious. Good service.It was okay. Good for not having for drive to Chinatown but if I wanted to order again. I would have no way doing so because I didn't not get a menu.The salt and pepper shrimp were great. As far as the Pho I've had better. The place as a presentation is lacking ambiance and looks like it just opened.I think this place is a hidden gem in northeast Philly. There's not many good Vietnamese restaurants in the area but I think this place is one of them. The pho was great and the price is decent. I would say you're definitely getting a lot of food for the price. I would check out this restaurant if you're looking for Vietnamese food in Northeast philly.It was my first time there last week and i like it. The food taste good and the service is nice . I will come back and bring more friends .Who knew this gem was right around the corner.  I've never been one to judge on atmosphere,  so don't walk in here looking for elegance. Their food however is astetically pleasing to the taste buds.  I suggest their spring rolls with ginger carrots and fresh cucumber.  And their Teas are out of this world!  Their Pho is out of this world.  Way better than most.  All I can say is goOur food and server was great! We usually have to drive to Chinatown area, but this place is every bit as good. I had their chicken pho and my girlfriend had  pad thai. The smoothies were very good too. We won't be needing to drive downtown anytime soon because this place meets our expectations for tasty pho!So I waited after a couple of orders before reviewing this place that was recommended by my neighbor. Maybe it is my fault because he explicitly said they do better if you pick up...not so well with delivery. Well I took that as an indication that delivery is a long wait. Boy was I wrong!
I picked up my first order last week: veg rice noodle soup with extra tofu. This was awesome. They bagged really fresh vegetables in separate bags, hot sauce, bean sprouts. I wish I took a pic
Fast forward to today's same order and delivery. They dumped the veggies which I were wilted in the same container as the rice noodles...no bean sprouts, no hot sauce...it was crap.
So if you order, pick up...they seem to cheat you if they have to deliver.The food here is pretty good! It is family owned. The owners always provide excellent service and are kind to all their guests. The prices are typical for a Vietnamese restaurant. If you don't feel like leaving the northeast, this place won't be bad. The pho isn't as good as places in south philly, but it'll satisfy a cravingI love this place. It's host by a family. I often go there with my family. Everyone and everything is just so nice.I've had pho at several places in NYC, Philly, and more. This place pales in comparison.The sliced beef was already fully cooked before my bowl arrived. Broth was bland. Service was good though.I just finished my pho from this place and I looooooooved it. We live close by so we went to get take out. I wish I got the lady's name, but she may have been an owner who knows, but she was adorable. She gave us tea and explained the menu to us in a very helpful manner. We love her! The place was very spacious and super clean. I want to go back to eat in. Great service and DELICIOUS pho. I am so happy to have found this gem in the Northeast!!After all the positive reviews,  I decided to try this place.
Nice place.  Plain and simple decor.   Food is great!  I had the broken rice with grilled shrimp-very tasty.  Also treated myself to the Vietnamese coffee...a little higher in calories,  but worth it!
Quick service, too.  If in the area, by all means give it a try.Did not know this existed in the Northeast. The food is very flavorful and delicious. I will surely come again.This place is horrible. The food is gross. Came here for lunch yesterday for my fiancés bday. I ordered chicken pad thai and fried rice. I'm still sick. The food was tasteless and grey. I should have know not to eat it by the way it looked. It was disgusting. My Lady did not touch her plate. She took One bite and did not touch it. I unfortunately at the plate of rice and a few bites of the pad thai. The waiter was shocked when we asked for the bill with two full plates of food. They didn't take anything of the bill or offer anything else instead. Still charged us. 10 minutes after leaving i felt sick in my stomach. I took my lady to chick fil a cause she was obviously still hungry. I took my fiancé to a restaurant downtown called R2L later that evening. Couldn't even enjoy it cause i felt nauseous the entire day. When we got home i threw up. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!