Muy Buena Churrasqueria y Muy Buena Atencion de Todo el Personal , especialmente su Manager , que nos dio a degustar varios cortes de carne . El salad bar estaba muy variado y fresco , donde inclusive pudimos encontrar Un Salmón Muy Rico. Las Salchichas que sirven son Muy Muy Buenas ... De veras lo recomiendo !!!Love love love this placed ! Incredible steak, and sides. Great staff. No expensive! BYOB.The food and service were fantastic! We were bummed to find out after we arrived that they did not have their liquor license yet, and had to run back out to get our own wine and beer, but it sounds like that is in process and shouldn't be an issue for too long. Their salad bar is very authentic Brazilian food, and delicious. We felt like the meats could have come around more frequently, however there were not many diners in the restaurant the evening we were there, so it may also be different on busy nights. The service was extremely attentive and friendly. I would definitely go back on another visit to the city!I came here with a group of friends and we were immediately seated! Service was great and there were so many different types of meat selections rotating around. They offered a chimichurri sauce that I dipped my meat in every single time. Love. Dinner is an all you can eat price and weight based meals are only served during lunch. Their cheese balls were amazing also!! Definitely worth a try.Nice ambiance and great service. Wide selection of salads, meats and sides. Would definitely try again.It was truly an amazing experience! Besides the different typees of meat thAt kept comIng & was so fresh & done as requested, they have an amazing diverse buffet of vegetables, salads, & fruits! I recommend it if you have a special occasion or want to have lunch/dinner in a special classy setting :)Went based on the great Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Delish, service was great, reasonably priced. Salad bar was clean and fresh. Staff was attentive but not overly annoying. If you're in the area, stop in!Service is superb and the food at salad bar taste pretty good too! I really like the baked fish they served there. The meat are good, chicken are very tender and juicy. Steak are average. They have many dessert selections but they are all too sweet to my liking. Overall, I think the experience is decent and would def come back again!The meat is great. Amazing place. Brigadeiros are a must. Great price. Really recommend this restaurant.One of  the worst brazilian steak house, the meat was lack of flavor, i ordered filet mignon medium well, and they brought it super cooked. I told the gaucho, and he got annoyed, the salad bar,  not that bad, anyway, I will not come back, I prefer Fogo and Chima, it's bette to expense a little bit more, for better food, than go to places like this.Wow great place. The meat is very tasty and love all the variety of beef cuts, I don't care much for other types of meats. Beef is all I care about.  
Nicely fire grilled cuts of beef and worth for 40 plus dollars.  Their buffet was good too especially the rice.  They got themselves a regular.Very nice meal. The meat was on point as well as the fresh pineapple. Staff was very friendly. Will return.Food and service were terrific. Was surprised that we were the only customers on a Thursday night. Their hot bar and salad bar offer fresh (cooked) food and everything was beyond expectation. Just as some other customers said, there meat was not salty (well, only the outer crust of one kind of meat was a little but that totally understandable) like in some other Brazilian barbecue places. They could've given a better presentation of their desserts though. Don't think covering them with plastic wrap is a good idea.Delicious, authentic, and comfortable. The salad bar has all the important Brazilian dishes including a very tasty potato salad, soul satisfying traditional rice and beans, subtly sweet fried bananas, and a plethora of fresh vegetable and fruit-based salads. The meat was also very tasty and appetizing to look at. I particularly enjoyed the flank steak, which was almost 'melt in your mouth' tender. The bacon wrapped chicken was also very yummy. And did I mention the potato salad and the rice and beans? They were so authentic that they took me right back to Brazil. i'll be back!This is BYOB steakhouse with a reasonable price. We had a great time there. However, we went on a weekday and they waiters were a little slow on serving the steaks. Overall we enjoyed the quality of food and the service.My mistake for going on a weeknight. My boyfriend and I were the only ones there. The food at the salad bar looked and tasted like it had been sitting all day.. Flies all over the food. The meat service also left something more to be desired. Meats lacked flavor. Staff members were pleasant for the most part.Being from Colombia, the taste of this restaurant is amazing!! and the prices are great for the excellent quality.Great setting, delicious food and great happy hour deals. Love the Northeast Philly location, and am glad there's now a Center City option as well! Definitely a place to bring someone you want to impress!This year I've been to all three of the Brazilian Steakhouses in Center City and this one is far and away the best.
The salad bar here is the best (and it has hot food on it too!)
The grilled meats here are the best
The drinks here are the best (and the bartender is v cute)
This one's a little more casual than the other two, but it's also less stuffy and more delicious. Will be back soon.Comparing this to Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao, it suffices. Their sides leave more to be desired but their cuts of meat are quite good. Large variety for lunch more than the other two places. The meats are not over seasoned with salt, in some cases they could have used a bit more but that helped me drink less water and got more meat down. Sides that worked well for me were the plantains and beans. Salmon rice was ok (with beans);Yucca was ok; salads ok. Great place to get your meat fixVery good. The atmosphere is casual and yet still elegant. They had a Brazilian Jazz duo that set the mood for the place just right. The salad bar is amazing and they're always on point with the meat servers. 
Friendly staff.Everything was wonderful!!! Very accommodating and sweet! The food was amazing (the steaks are to die for) and the space was clean. Guests must wear a mask and gloves at the buffet table which is good. Just a great experience overall! Would give 10 stars if I couldWonderful!  This is very similar to Fogo, with much better prices and service.  Everything at salad bar was amazing and fresh.  The gauchos here also seem to let you tell them how many pieces, where at Fogo (from my experience) that does not happen.Great selection of meats, and the service was perfect. Asked us if we wanted more of any specific cut. The price is great too. Much better than Fogo.Food is amazing and authentic . I would highly recommend to anyone. Everything is fresh and very friendly stafffThis place is amazing. Everything is ridiculously fresh and the service is outstanding. They use a red/green tag system for the table. Flip your tag to green and the staff will bring a plethora of grilled meats to table side and carve however much you want. Need a few minutes to eat/digest? Just flip the tag to red and the staff will pause the meat parade until you give them the signal. The meat is seasoned and cooked so very well. Take a bite and even when we requested some things to be cooked well done, it falls apart in the mouth and is really tender. This was a wonderful surprise for us just trying to try something new while visiting philly. We already have plans to return with friends and family.Wow! My fiancé and I finally got to try this place for lunch last weekend and we were really impressed. Had a 20 dollar lunch with all you can eat salad bar (filled with protein, charcuterie, rice and beans, fish and seafood) along with 4 different meats from their rodozio.  Would definitely go back for their full menu!I want to start by saying that everyone here was very nice! The food was really not good. The cuts of meat were probably good quality but it was hard to tell because they were all well done. We mostly ate charred meat all night. Cooking steak that much ruins premium cuts. We are serious steak lovers, so we were disappointed we could not enjoy the meat tonight.Amazing Brazilian!! I've been to Brazil many times and this place is legit! Would give 10 stars if I could.This place is to DIE for! Definitely come hungry, and don't expect yourself wanting to leave.
For starters, the staff is incredibly sweet and accommodating. We were running a little late on our reservation but they sat us in no problem at a GORGEOUS table (we kept commenting that we wanted it in our own kitchen). The decor is beautiful. It's clean cut yet at the same time homey.
I loved how there are two options here. The first (and cheaper) is all you can eat of the hot and cold bars, and then chicken, and only a few meats. We did the version and it was honestly perfect.
For the cold bar: the cold cuts were AMAZING. I could've eaten the roast beef and I think buffalo chicken for the rest of my life. I loved the yuca fries and the sweet plantains as well.
The meat... oh my god the meat. My favorite was the red sausage. I don't even know what it was per say all I know is I kept stealing everyone else's. Close second is definitely the garlic beef. Cooked perfectly and truly melts in your mouth, delicious.
For dessert, we had fresh fruit and some of their fresh juices! I tried the passion fruit juice (14/10) and my boyfriend got the limeade. He liked it, but I have more of a sweet tooth than he does.
Overall, I want to come here again and will in the future, and splurge for the all you can eat because they were bringing out some SERIOUS meats to other customers as we were leaving. This place is so amazing and I cannot stress enough how nice the staff were and just how great they treated us, a party of 7. Come here wearing your stretchy pants, and consider fasting all day!!Food was good, service super prompt. Salad bar not as large as many we've been too.  
Would go back for a regular night out if not a special event.This place is beautiful! It's a nice size, great lighting and the staff are so welcoming and attentive. We sat down and they immediately greeted us and explained the menu and and answered all of the questions we had with patience. The buffet had various items. I stuck with the mushrooms (AH MAY ZING) and mashed potatoes. They paired well with all the delicious meats that came by! 
They give you something like a small coaster that you turn to green when you want meat, and red when you need a break. As I said before they were very attentive and were able to give us choices in how we wanted our meats. Everything was delicious! We stuffed ourselves. We'll definitely be back.Surprise! Came here as a random indulgent desire for AYCE, it was perfect because I was starving, lol. We were greeted at the door and seated right away. Covid restrictions in place, each employee had their mask and tables were spacious to abide to regulations. Our waiter had a heavy accent, I didn't understand him well, but didn't care much because I just wanted to start eating. 
Atmosphere: Clean, had a ranch vibe with a winery feel, there was a private room that held most of the wine bottles. Spacious and great atmosphere not too cluttered like what I was used to. Green and red flip coasters were placed and red obviously meant stop and green to just keeeeeep it coming. I think I had to pause (red tab) it maybe twice toward the beginning. 
Service: Reasons for the 3 stars...  because service is a big part of experience. As stated waiter had a hard accent, he was attentive towards the beginning of our dining experience. But I will say as bigger parties came in, it was as if we were small fish, neglected and not worth the time to focus on us anymore. The same went with the food runners, as if we were invisible. Now I could understand if there was a timed slot and we were towards our end but no, we were still hungry and waiting. It was maybe a half hour waiting for more meat, thinking maybe it was just being cooked, and finally they trickled out of the kitchen, stopping at all the big tables, as they got closer even with meat still available, they didn't stop by our table. Told our waiter and even the salad runner if they could see why they're not stopping at our table. It was toward the end I finally got the picahna. Very disappointed with service. 
Food/drink: As soon as we were seated, some really good French fries and a small plate of other fried goods were available. Waiter didn't provide us menu before asking us what we wanted to drink. Until he brought out QR code, we were able to decide on some good sangria (caipivinho) and this one coconut drink (batida de coco) both of which were really good. And as the excitement built, they started to come like bombarding us with meat that we had to pause for a little. But it seemed we only were greeted with the same pieces over and over again until we were what felt like... well forgotten. At this point I started to order more fries and even requested the rice and beans to pick on because I thought the meat was just being cooked. We tried the bacon Wrapped Chicken, Garlic Beef, Red Sausage, and sirloin. We were told there was other meats, but as said above, we only got to try the picahna towards the end, when my gf was already full and didn't want any, and myself I couldn't pass it up, so made a little wiggle room and scarfed it down.
Overall, I was disappointed with the service to the point I probably won't be back. Flavor of the food was good, but nothing spectacular. The best thing of the night, was the simplest grilled pineapple..I came here for lunch during restaurant week with my girlfriend. We had high expectations and boy did it blew past those expectations! First of all we really felt that the Restaurant Week Lunch menu was a steal! So much to dig in to in the salad bar, really tasty caipiriñas and of course the delicious meat cuts. I would say the Brazilian sausage was a highlight for us and the chicken wrapped bacon was really great as well. Finally, what made our experience complete was dessert. We both went for the brigadeiros and were not disappointed! Personally I enjoyed the coconut covered one the most but they were all so soft and flavorful. I would definitely be back here and recommend it to anyone that wants likes Brazilian restaurants.The one star is for the friendly guys that delivered/cut meat, everything else was a disappointment. The server disappeared and never returned once. The buffet food was all cold and the meats were of very low  quality. This is by far the worst Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to and I will not be returning. 
Save your money and try another Brazilian steakhouse in center cityI had been going to the Castor Ave location for decades. Originally, a VERY inexpensive alternative to Fogo, over the years I found them raising prices and decreasing the variety of meats. The last few times, I felt as though the namesake cut (though delicious) was the only beef proffered - along with frequent offers of chicken and sausage.
It was with some skepticism I tried the new Center City store. The trade off of navigating Center City traffic vs. Roosevelt Boulevard is a wash (except for the parking, so tack an extra $20 onto your lunch time budget.) There is a "by the pound" option, but the $31 full rodizio was the real comparison I was after. The salad bar is comparable to the NE store, however up Northeast there seem to be a few more "meal" dishes offered. You won't see the "Fogo" items like hearts of palm or prosciutto, but I can't imagine how anyone could complain about what IS offered.
But we were here for the meat. My equally gluttonous dining companion and I made it clear that we were interested in variety. On an October Friday at 12:30 there were very few customers, so we were pampered. Our own private "gaucho" understood we liked our beef "Mal pasado" - rare - and he never failed us. Though we began with bacon wrapped chicken and linguica sausage, we were soon presented with picanha, as well as top Sirloin, garlic steak, tenderloin filet, flank, rib eye and beef rib (sliced from the bone.) Each was perfectly rare and moderately salted. The rib eye was a bit chewy but that was compared to the marvelously tender other cuts. These folks fortunately have figured out that brisket can't be grilled (or at least they didn't try to feed any to us.)
$31 is a little higher than my average daily lunch. Wines hover between $12-15 per glass.  This IS center city though. It's a beautiful venue, but still paper-napkin comfortable. Water glasses were constantly filled, and the red /green puck service flow devices are dispensed with. Meats came out a LITTLE faster than I'd have liked, but that sure beats the alternative, especially at lunch. I will return as often as I can afford to.I brought my husband here to celebrate his birthday. We have been to a lot of brazillian steakhouses in Philadelphia area and this one has been one of our favorites. We plan on bringing our family to try. So far, we have been to Chima once and FoGo a lot of times. How I would rank it is Picanha, FoGo, and Chima. The reason is that I love their pineapples so I am a little bias. The other restaurants do not have pineapples that come out hot with cinnamon. This restaurant is less known than the other two and also i feel like it is a lot cheaper.I've loved picanha steakhouse northeast location for many years and am very happy that this location is in the city much closer and easier to get to! The food is  just as good and brought back many great memories! The staff is very friendly and helpful. 10/10 recommend! Great lunch price as well. Much better than places like Fogo or Chima if your looking for food that feels more home cooked!Had reservations and still had to wait 40min. They kept saying the table was being cleaned and when we got to the table the table was dirty. Manager overwhelmed and totally clueless. Did not even go out of her way to make our dinner worth the wait. Horrible service and would not go there again.Absolutely amazing place with delicious food and very friendly staff. The owner is really nice and helpful. Can't wait to go back. It honestly deserves way more attention and credit my wife and I were the only one there and for the price we payed, I would've gladly paid double!!Best Brazilian steakhouse here in Philly. Our server Ethan was great and checked in on us a good amount. All the waiters serving meat were super friendly. The venue is very pretty and impeccably clean. Flank steak and ribeye were probably my favorite, and they had this bomb habanero sauce at the salad bar. Try the cinnamon pineapple that they slice from the skewers too! Though the items at the salad bar were limited and a couple looked like they have been sitting there for a little bit, it got the job done. Please offer more fruit selection.Came here with a small group to use a Groupon we had and what a deal! The Groupon came with the all you can eat plus limeade and dessert, and everything was delish. 
We ate so much! and walked away feeling so stuffed, like we could barely move. You could prob roll us away down the street, we are so much.
The staff were so friendly and helpful and made suggestions on what meats to choose and told us how the meats were cooked. The price with the Groupon deal was like 60 bucks for 4 people and included so much food and was an awesome deal! I would definitely return.Went to Picanha on a Sunday night for dinner while visiting family. The staff was friendly and the service was fantastic. I have never been served so quickly in my life! Before our waitress could finish telling us what is on the menu, another server had heard what we wanted from the salad bar and had brought it over. Isn't that amazing?!? (Salad bar is open but is brought to customers due to Covid). 
The meats were tasty, my favorite would have to be the spare ribs, sausage, and short ribs! Tender and flavorful. I tried pretty much everything and definitely enjoyed my meal. 
Also, dinner was $35/person (drinks and desserts aren't included) which is very reasonable compared to other competitors.Most accommodating, amazing service with delicious food. I couldn't even believe the amount of meat we were offered but I am proud to say I tried everything and it was all delicious! Great idea fir a date night!Don't come here too much bs just to eat especially if you're using Groupon. Terrible costumer service place has rude manager saying he know everything thing about the industry and that they lose money have Clinent like myself... enjoy rude Brazilian service! Save your time and money and go to fogo de chão!Came with some co-workers based on reviews.. the food was pretty good, but the server seemed to be new... he constantly kept spilling water all over the table and even spilt it on my phone.... the meat guy was cool but at one point his shirt became unbuttoned and flashed his belly while serving us meats lol..I went here for dinner on Saturday night during a weekend getaway to Philadelphia and left slightly dissatisfied. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated when we arrived at our reservation time. My partner had never been to a AYCE Brazilian restaurant before and since I had only been to one a few years back in California I wasn't sure how they were running things at this establishment. Our waitress didn't explain what was going on so we were left confused until we called over one of the other servers with the questions we had. 
My partner and I put in an order for 2 margaritas and the server asked us what flavors we wanted. I replied by asking her what flavors they had and she didn't seem to know. The only answer she gave us was "passionfruit" and I was hoping for more. When we got our margaritas (I got passionfruit, my partner got it regular) it was honestly the worst margarita we've ever had. It's one thing if a drink is strong.. but this margarita tasted like straight up sour mixer. 
Overall the price was reasonable and the food was good! The meat was juicy and flavorful and the sides were delicious. In terms of service I feel as though the wait staff needs to improve. At times it felt like our waitress was uninformed and passive aggressive. The drinks (specifically the margarita) needs to be made with a better ratio of mixer and alcohol. Besides that, the AYCE was a wonderful experience and I would definitely give this place another chance.First time I went to this Brazilian Steakhouse. I compared it to Fogo de Chao as to me that is a 5 star. The ambiance is not that great. The service was ok. The waiter was also one of the meat slicers. They seem to be understaffed. This place was a buffet style restaurant with only the meat slicers at the table. Of you want a plate you have to go to the buffet table to get it, if you want bread, if you want mashed potatoes, if you want plantains you have to go to the buffet table. All theses things Fogo would bring you to your table. I got up so many times that I was tired. We ran out of water and no one came to the table to ask us if we needed more. I was also upset because they apparently had many variety of meats, however, the meat slicer came to our table 4 times with sausages! I got very upset because they didn't come to the table with the meats. I had to complain about it then they would come periodically and bring meats. It's not like Fogo where one after another they would bring you all the variety of meats to try. This place needs some work. Their prices were reasonable around $50 pp.  it it was not for me. I would not go back. There are other places that have their act together like Chima and Fogo that I would go to instead. My time and money is valuable and I would think twice where to spend it. You want to have a good experience and I did not. With that said we tried the Tres Leche dessert and that was tasty as well as the fresh pineapple juice. One thing I liked but I had to ask for it was their bbq pineapple that was spiced with cinnamon and sugar. Very good.Always the best !!!   COVID safe sala bar. Awesome meats as always. You can just drop in and make your own selection !!  What a treatPicanha Brazilian Steakhouse is a fantastic, and I highly recommend it. Very nice and cozy environment.  Each and every single item that we ordered was really fresh and delicious. And also, the service was wonderful and the staff was very pleasant. Picanha Brazilian Steakhouse: Go here, go here now.Loved it! Best place ever.  Took my wife and kids and grandchildren there and we had the best time and the best food. Great for groups or just a couple.  Next time I'm in town I know where I plan on going.  It is awesome!This is by far my new favorite Brazilian steakhouse!! EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS!! My husband chose this place as dinner before going to see  Hamilton on Broadway (Philadelphia)!! Happy Birthday to Me!!I was at first hesitated when walking for lunch since there was not many people around 1pm on Saturday but people were filling up.  The hot/cold bar could be more attentive in cleaning and replacing empty trays. There's only a few plates put out at a time. Server was not attentive nor asked us once if everything was ok. 
Food - great selection at the salad bar. Chicken wrapped bacon was awesome. No complaints on other meats. The meat server kept on coming out and walk around constantly.  
The cakes were pre-cut so it seems dry since it has been sitting in the fridge. 
I don't remember what this dessert was called. 3 different sugar balls - too sweet, all sugar.  Cheesecake with guava sauce - soft cheesecake, compliment with the sauce. My husband likes it but it's a tad sweet to me. Key lime pie was not too sweet but could be a bit more lime - overall good. 
I would have given 5 stars if it had not been the service.A good alternative to the more expensive Center city Brazilian steakhouses, the food is delicious, plentiful and the service is perfect.My boyfriend LOVES Brazilian steakhouses so we have been on a mission to try all them in the area. We went to Picanha on a Monday night and was very pleased! The salad bar was my favorite of all the Brazilian steakhouses including Fogo and Chima! The options were so good and flavorful and ranged from salad to bread to wings to cheese etc. The meat was a little slow to come out but when we mentioned it to our server, it was taken care of quickly. I'm assuming it was due to the fact there were only 5 other tables. The cuts of meat were flavorful and cooked to perfection. We enjoyed ourselves very much!Just finished eating lunch at this new spot. Everything aspect of this restaurant needs work. The salad bar is not not well thought out. The quality of the meats and salad bar was not worthy of the $48 per person price. The selection of meats was limited too. They did not have ribeye. Fogo is way betterJust finished eating lunch at this new spot. They have only been open a few days. Unlike most places that I have been to during the first month of opening, they have their shiz together. 
Almost every aspect of this restaurants exterior and physical space is preserved ala Garces Trading Co design- why change a beautiful space too much, right. The white tile pillars, tin ceiling, bar area, and wine room are all the same. It is bright and airy and not at all stuffy, dark or loud like the other two chain Argentinian restaurants in center city. The salad bar was thoughtfully laid out and since it is a new restaurant I sampled and tasted each and every item. The salads were fresh, the sides well seasoned and plenty of meat and fish in the salad bar alone to fill many bellies. Haha. How many varieties of meats does one need to have a meat baby anyways. 
Don't come here if you want to see cultural appropriations of gauchos wearing costumes. Don't come here if you want all the excess of well done meat parading around. 
Don't come here if your expectation is gluttony for the sake of gluttony alone. 
Don't come here if you want every cut of meat available as this is quality not quantity. 
Come here for these reasons:
Ambiance- bright, open, friendly, clean
Service- polite, down to earth, efficient
Food - fresh, flavorful, meat temps on point, very well seasoned sides
Price - the $25 All you can eat salad bar plus your choice of 2 selections of beef and 2 selections of chicken can feed a family. 
All in all, this restaurant is making it fresh and in the style of what one would find in Brazil. Relaxed atmosphere, calming and upbeat style music playing in the background and tasty attention to detail in food flavor. 
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Ps- we literally walked in by chance after leaving another spot in the area because I didn't feel like having 3 overpriced pretentious eggs for relatively the same price as the bounty we had here.I've been to almost all the Brazilian steakhouses around in Philly and this is my least favorite. First off, this restaurant is a chain and the original Picanha location is up North Philly on Castor Avenue. I was excited they opened this down here but the restaurants aren't the same because over in the original location you can purchase a meal per pound which makes eating here much more affordable and accessible; but here there is no per pound option, and the rodizio buffet is the only option which costs about $50 per person. For that price I would say the ambiance is not the same as going to Fogo de Chao or even Chima which feels like a more justifiably expensive and classy experience. The salad bar here is also different than the one in North Philly and I would say it is more Americanized. The pao de queijo cheese bread I had was hard and stale and if they're going to charge me that much they should at least have fresh cheesey bread. Also the meats they kept coming to me with were too red for my tastes and they never quite asked me how I preferred my meat cooked which fogo would ask from the start. I felt bad I came for a last minute late reservation on a weekday so they were quickly serving me as fast as possible so I just accepted everything. At one point the manager guy served me meat too and it felt like he was in a rush and I kept poking the meat thinking it was too red but the manager guy said something about needing time to put the meat in to cook and it was closing time so that was that. It's my least fav restaurant here, I would prefer to do the drive up north for the per pound prices or splurge and go to Fogo.After spending the day exploring the beautiful city, what better way to end it than with a fantastic dinner. Two words: Brazilian barbecue.
I've had my fair share of this very fine cuisine (I love to pack in the hot beef), so I was not a rookie to what goes down in the dining room.  My buddy and I crushed it so completely, I thought the servers were going to give us Brazilian flags to take home.
To cut to the chase: excellent. Every single piece of meat was like party in my mouth. And man, did the party last all night long (like the Lionel Ritchie song). The servers just kept bringing out various cuts beef, chicken and pork in wonderful parade of meat. 
Our experience was so wonderful that I wanted to go across town and ring the Liberty Bell with my fork.
A tip of the cap to our server who was very patient in explaining mask/glove protocols.  Safety first!My boyfriend and I wanted to go to a Brazilian Steakhouse for restaurant week so we decided to try Picanha Brazilian Steakhouse. Long story short - spend the extra money and go to Fogo and/or Chima.
The set up, decor, tables, etc. look very modern looking and aesthetically pleasing. They offer both indoor and outdoor seating. For larger parties, there is a semi-separate area. Although it might seem nice in pictures, the actual set-up is not ideal at all. It was hard to navigate around the restaurant, especially when many of the tables are only seating 2 people. Tables are too close together and small. There's no streamlined way to get to and from the salad bar and bathrooms to your table.
In regards to the actual food, during restaurant week there were only 5-6 meats available plus desert. This is pretty typical (Chima and Fogo had the same amount of meats when they used to participate in restaurant week) and included meats from each category: pork/sausage, sirloin, chicken, etc. However, the meat was dry, not super flavorful, and often not the right temperature/cook. The only one I actually finished was the garlic steak. In regards to the desert, we both got the cheesecake and we were not fans. They tasted like the store-bought cheesecake you could get at Acme.
The salad bar did have a decent amount of options. I did get refills from the charcuterie board options and the mashed potatoes (not super memorable but better than eating nothing). The salad bar also had hand sanitizer and gloves.
In terms of service, the people serving the meats were really present in the beginning and then dwindled off - so we had a lot of meat on our plates that ended up cold and couldn't get meats later on. However, our actual server (I believe his name was Luis), was amazing - constantly refilling our water, clearing out our old plates, and asking us how we were doing.
Some other notes: parking in center city is never easy and we had to do street metered parking a couple blocks away. One of the most annoying things about the experience was the fact that there is only 1 bathroom for women and only 1 bathroom for men - for an all you can eat restaurant. There were lines for the bathroom.
Maybe they're better when it's not restaurant week, but I don't think I'll be coming back.Hubby and I went for the $20 buffet lunch deal which included the salad bar. It's a 5 meat option for the $20 which includes a sausage, chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic sirloin steak, and the picanha steak special. I was pretty impressed for $20 -- way better deal than having to pay almost twice the amount at certain other brazilian steakhouses in the area! The picanha steak and garlic sirloin steak were my favorites -- there were decent amounts of fat on the side but that really added to the flavor. I eventually cut a lot of it out since I wanted more of the meat. The chicken was SUPER tender as well. Service is really good and they keep coming around (esp at lunch time) since there weren't a lot of people. The salad bar was AWESOME -- pretty sure hubs and I ate the entire plate of mango. There was this fried potato/chicken salad thing, a huge plate of fruit, a plate of mango, about 4-5 types of salads, a plate of shrimp, a plate of avocado and cherry tomatoes, a plate of steamed broccoli and cauliflower, cheese/cured meat plate, and then an entire hot tray area which had two types of soup, yellow rice, white rice, black beans, fried bananas, beef lasagna, these small little pie things, and maybe 4+ more things that I can't remember. Would definitely return for the price, service, and quality of food. Thoroughly impressed! And now sleeping through the food coma...:)Took out a couple of colleagues that flew into Philly on a business trip. The location is low key from the main busy streets. Luckily got street parking right in front, but there are several options around.
The food was seasoned well and tasty. The rodizio came out frequently. Took a little while to get our drink orders in, possible mix up between servers. 
The menu selection was good and the price set right. This was my first "buffet" style dining experience since covid started. I felt comfortable and the restaurant was clean.I don't want to be brutal with my review because the staff was so nice but this place was awful, even for the price. The salad bar was subpar and the meat was dry. Worst of all, there was a mouse working the room. Again, the staff was very nice and accommodating and the drinks were on point. I wish I had better review but I had to be honest.After struggling to agree on where to go for a late Valentine's Day dinner, I let my partner decide where to eat and we ended up making a reservation here. I'll be the first to say that brazilian steakhouses were not my favorite. I've been to Rodizio and Fogo and I thought they were okay but not mindblowing. My experience here at Picanha was probably my first full 10/10 experience at a restaurant. The atmosphere is very chill. It was decorated very nicely, but not over the top where it felt TOO fancy. We got there at 5:30 with a reservation that felt unneeded because it was almost empty when we got there. But within the hour it quickly got packed so good thing we got there when we did. The service is what probably made me give the full 5 stars. Our server provided us with excellent service, he was very relaxed and chill, and always tended to our needs (even when we didn't know what we needed) it was the little things that made him stand out more than any other server I've had at other restaurants. He would come by often and offer a clean plate, fold our napkins when we left the table, and pour our wine glasses when it was looking a little too empty. Okay I ranted enough, now let's talk about FOOD. The buffet-styled appetizer bar? (i don't know what to call if i'm sorry i'm new to this LOL) had a lot of choices from salads to charcuterie, to pasta, chicken wings, sea food, mashed potatoes, and a bunch of other stuff I probably should have tried. I tend to not eat a lot from these things bc I'm trying to save as much room as I can for the meats! Earlier I said I wasn't a big fan of brazilian steakhouses but the quality of their meats were beyond my expectations. A lot of their meat had a very flavorful crust and were super juicy and tender. They also came in rounds so I was actually able to catch a break while eating (which I don't get at other brazilian places) They even asked us which our favorite meats were which I thought was really nice. They really cater to the customer which makes you feel like they really care about your experience. I would love to come back here again. Also, if you check in on yelp, you get 10% off your check!!Went for Restaurant Week (September 2021) with a friend - $40 for full access to the side buffet, meat service, and choice of dessert (cheesecake or key lime pie).  Like with any restaurant during restaurant week, definitely make a reservation. 
In terms of the pricing, I didn't really feel like it was that much of a deal in general because it's usually $40 for the meat service & side bar according to their website. But, I wanted to try something new. 
Desserts: 1/5 - The desserts were not stellar. They appeared to look almost identical - I ordered the key lime pie and my friend the cheesecake. The portions were small and not cold; I was expecting them to be served cold. The key lime pie was very thick and almost custard-like while the cheesecake was almost tasteless. 
This was my first time at a buffet-style restaurant in years, and first time at a rodízio style establishment. I wasn't opposed to the rotating meat service, but did notice that after about a half hour the gentlemen walking around with the dishes were avoiding us altogether, which didn't really make sense to me considering our plates were empty. At first I assumed it was because I had been turning down the pork options, as I do not eat pork, but after a while it became ridiculous. 
Meat: 3/5 from what I did get, favorites were the garlic steak (comes out sizzling) and the garlic chicken. Some other cuts of meat were very fatty or kind of dry. 
Service: 3.5/5 - the host & "main" server (I have it in quotes because due to the nature of the restaurant you don't spend much time with the server with rotating service) were nice, no complaints. The girl who clears tables kept checking in with us almost like rushing us even though we were barely there for 40 mins. We were just waiting for meat to come. Minus rating because we kept getting overlooked by the food. 
Sides: 4/5 - some of the sides were really good- my favorites were the watermelon and pasta salad, while others were just plain. There wasn't a ton of variety in what they were serving. The bread rolls were almost raw in the middle which wasn't great. 
Cleanliness 5/5 - I did appreciate that the restaurant was very clean (the floors were very slippery for someone in heels!) and they had Covid signs around the front. They were very adamant about enforcing glove-wearing while getting sides from the bar, cleared and cleaned quickly, and all of the restaurant staff wore masks properly all of the time. 
Although it was relatively packed due to restaurant week, I didn't feel like I was squashed on top of someone 
Overall, I didn't hate my experience there but don't feel a need to go again at any point.I visited Picanha not that long ago and I just realized I haven't wrote my review! How come I forgot! As a Brazilian, big steak eater, I was born making "churrasco" with my dad and my mom was responsible for the side  dishes... for that being said, when I first  walked to Picanha the feeling I have had was like I was walking  through my mom's  house... the smell, the dishes displayed beautifully at the salad  bar, the grill  with all those cuts being there calling you saying laud   "get in my belly" brought me back to the best part of my life. The part which any celebration we had ended as a big "churrascada".  The food is nothing but AUTHENTIC BRAZILIAN FOOD! You feel like it comes from your mom's kitchen. The colors, the seasoning, the smell are just something so hard to explain. It worth not only for the price but for the whole experience and memories it brings to you. I recommend with no regrets to all Brazilians and all nationalities to stop by and try it! There is not one thing I could say I didn't like. Just overall is a perfect place for parties, family meetings or just a quick lunch, brunch or dinner. I have cravings almost everyday for homemade food and if I can't cook that's my second place to eat!  Yet, almost Everyone there speaks Portuguese which makes the whole experience even more enjoyable. As I said, AUTHENTIC NOTHING LESS!Support this business!! 
I called the day before Valentine's Day to make a reservation for my sisters bday (on Valentine's Day), which was super challenging, obviously. Anyways, the gentleman, I'm not sure if he was the owner/manager, called me back and was able to fit me in after I told him the situation. I can't thank this guy enough. 
When we arrived, the hostess at the door was friendly and we were seated quickly. It was a bit busy when we went due to it being Valentine's Day, but we were greeted by our server within the 10 minutes of sitting. 
With covid, they ask to use the gloves provided to get anything at the buffet (which is nice because some places are not doing that) 
After getting some sides, the meat came fairly often. Not as fast as fogo de chao or chimas, but again, it was very busy. The only issue I had was that we were seated in an area that seemed to be forgotten about by the gentleman bringing the meat around so we didn't get the chance to try certain ones (we actually had to ask multiple times about meats we did want because it seemed the same thing was being brought over, by the one guy that knew about our table) 
The food quality was good and for the price, you can't beat it!First let me say that the food was delicious. The patrons were spread out and not too close to each other. There wasn't any flatware at my table so I had to ask for some(a mild inconvenience). There was a bottle of still water at my table right away. A few slices of the meat were a little dry but for the most part it was good. The part that was a little concerning was that there was an open buffet. Most places have servers at the buffet but this buffet allowed everyone to serve themselves. There was hand sanitizer and gloves though and there was a good variety of food. It wasn't the best Brazilian Steakhouse I've been too, but it was a pretty decent establishment.I'd had Brazilian food a number of times in the past but my wife never had. It's a bit pricy for our usual nights out but fit perfectly to celebrate our first anniversary. Wasn't sure how they would alter their normal buffet concept for covid life. We were there on a slow Monday night. Only 3 or 4 other tables while we were in there and for a few minutes we were actually the only diners. Meats they brought out to the table as normal. Our favorites were the garlic steak, the chicken wrapped in bacon, and the chorizo. Sides they brought out a small bowl of everything. We tried most of, but not all, of it. Only a few things we finished. Our favorites were the mango shrimp and the cheese bread balls. Overall seemed like a very wasteful way to do things, maybe if they just gave us choices we could have picked what we didn't want any of. Also wish they'd offered us seconds on things, rather than us having to awkwardly ask for more of something with so many plates and bowls of untouched food on our table. Wouldn't necessarily go back, but that's more because I'd want to try other things in the area rather than not wanting to eat here.I went with a group of friends for restaurant week and I was highly disappointed by the quality of food in this place. First thing I want to point out is the salad bar. Not only does it not have any labels for people with allergies, it also seemed very limited and I felt like the options were so little compared to other Brazilian steakhouses that charge similar prices. A lot of the salad bar offerings were bland and lacking flavor. In terms of the meats, ALL of them were lacking in flavor, all I tasted was salt (which was overly salted). And whenever they asked how I wanted the meat and I asked for medium rare, I was given tough chewy overcooked meat. One of the choices even tasted entirely burnt. I don't know how the food normally is outside of restaurant week but I would hope it's not like this. I think I will stick to Chima as my go-to steakhouse for now.I REEEEALLY wish I could rate this restaurant higher, but my friend and I had so many mixed feelings. The food was absolutely delicious, though we had to ask several times for a more medium-rare meat. I know that's typically preference, but I like my meat pink and juicy and the majority of the meat was medium well to well done. 
Now, I don't know if it was an understaffing issue, but we had issues with customer service from the moment we walked in. The large group in the lobby hadn't even been attended to and the hostess was both seating and servicing tables. She never took a name, never asked of reservations, nothing. She was gone for about 15 min before even coming back to her post to greet people, which she never did. She simply asked "who's next", trusting the large group of hungry customers in front of her. The same standard applied for our waitress who came to my table twice throughout my entire meal- once in the beginning and at the end to pick up the check (she didn't even bring it to me, I had to ask the HOSTESS who came around at some point because our waitress was nowhere to be found even after we had to make attempts to flag her down). Again, I reeeeeeally want to rate this restaurant higher, but having worked in customer service in the past, it's a big thing for me. The service can make or break a restaurant experience and unfortunately in this case, it was definitely subpar.Came in last night with a friend because we've been the location on Castor several times and thought "why not?" This location is much classier than the Castor one, decor great, place is new, ambience good. 
However, what really mattered when coming to the place is the food, and the reason why I'm giving it a 1-star is the fact that during this restaurant week time - it's $40/person, I expect there to be some quality aspect to that. There were only 5-6 meats available and all of them flavorless EXCEPT for the chicken wrapped in bacon (tasted like bacon and the chicken was actually not dry). Don't expect ANY quality meat like ribeye or anything like that. It was all Top sirloin, roast beef, picanha, small pink sausage, chicken wrapped in bacon, and lamb. 
We requested well-done meat and the well done meat we seldom got was burnt and inedible (extremely dry we both found ourselves spitting out the meat we got multiple times). The majority of the meat we actually got was bloody (inedible as well). The garlic chicken was the other chicken they had available and it was extremely lackluster - barely any flavor and extremely dry. I cooked chicken earlier in the day in my own oven and it was jucier and more flavorful than this (and I'm a terrible cook). 
The other meats, pork + lamb + beef, all flavorless, with the only flavor you COULD taste was extreme saltiness on some outer parts of the meat - close to the fat, which was inedible as well. 
Dessert were pre-made cheesecake or key lime pie. Cheesecake tasted good (just like how it should be). The key lime pie was very sour. 
The salad bar was all about appearance, and to fill you up, some parts were good. The potato and plantains and green beans were good, but other than that the fact the meat was so bad, it was not worth the $100 I spent here and for sure, I'll never come back here again. It was a HUGE disappointment and a rip off almost! 
Parking: Street metered parking. Good luck.
Service: Good, refilled water a bunch of times. 
Covid: Everyone wore masks, they had hand sanitizer and gloves for the bar. 
Bathroom: Classy and clean only 1 bathroom for women (can only fit 1 person at a time) and 1 for men. 
Food: Extremely bad and disappointing.
Would I come here again and recommend? Absolutely not.First time here and it was amazing! Salad bar was better than Fogo and Chima's.  Steaks were full of flavor including their leg of lamb. They do not serve hot sides or bread like Chima's but their salad bar and excellent service definitely made up for it.  Top notch service for sure... from our server, to the host, to our rodizio servers and even co-owner. Everyone here was extra accommodating and we will definitely be back for sure!Amazing place. Well run, reasonable prices. Central. Nothing really I can complain about. Yes, and yes.Gathering from other reviews,
this place may have consistency problem. But anyway, when we were here for weekend lunch, for $40, it is ok. The chicken I got is not very good (the piece my companion got is juicy and tasty somehow). Overall the meat is of a bit less quality than that offered by Chima or Fogo, but so is the price.....their salad bar is kinda interesting in terms of the dish selection. With that being said, I think overall it's not bad at all. Their service is pretty good I thought, and we didn't run into the issue other reviewers experienced. This is not a bad choice for a "budgeted" rodizio dining experience.Meh
This is the third Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to in the City.  So, I have no choice but to compare my experience here to my experiences at Fogo De Chao and Chima.
This place is weak.  Yes, it looks nice.  But, that's where it ends.  It's like they saw Chima and Fogo making money, and figured they'd make a knock-off version.
We went for Restaurant Week, but we were told that for $7 more, we could get their entire menu.  From what I gathered, the only difference was that we got a still cooking slice of Picanha.  Big whoop...
The gauchos were NOT highly attentive, they'd disappear after serving 1/3 of the floor, presumably because of the way they prepare their meat(you can see the kitchen area from the bar).  They cook it, and serve slices until they cut it down to the rare part of the meat, then run back and re-cook the meat.  So, if you get the meat at the end, it's dried out by then.  Not sure if Chima or Fogo do that, but they're obviously good at hiding it and keeping the food from drying out, if they do
I would wait and wait for the meats I wanted, we even asked the servers to grab the gauchos, and still nothing.  I finally got tired of waiting for the best cuts of meat and gave up and went home.
We weren't even allowed to box up our desserts to take home...
Spend the extra to go to Chima or Fogo...you'll be better offWe went here for a nice dinner and suspect they may be still here feeling the effects of COVID as there were very few patrons. The drinks we ordered were very good and the food was tasty. I was surprised they had a buffet open but appreciated the sanitizer at the ends to help stop the spread of germs. The meat they served was very good. Not the best I've had but very good. One thing that other Brazilian steakhouses have that this one doesn't is some kind of indicator when your done to alert them that you don't want any more meat. We found that despite being finished, they kept coming over to see if we wanted more which could be a little disruptive. Overall a decent place and would return.The service was excellent but the food was just mediocre. They had a large variety of meats but most of them lacked flavor and/or overcooked. The cinnabar pineapple was delicious.So when we had a terrible restaurant experience at a place nearby, we decided to run to Picanha. The hostess was very nice to sit us without a reservation. I wasn't sure what to expect because  I knew it's different than Fogo and Chima but kinda the same concept. 
So let's start off with the staff. Everyone is so polite and nice, I was very impressed. I wish I knew their names  to give them a shoutout, but everyone who worked during dinner on February 15, was amazing! The guys with meat were very nice, and our waiter too. They watered us immediately each time. 
The food was delicious! They don't have as many options as Fogo for example, but each meat was  exactly as expected. 
I'm usually hesitant to try new things, but mango by the salad bar was great, and pineapple in brown sugar made my night. 
It's also cheaper than other Brazilian Steakhouses, which makes this place even better. I will definitely  be back!On September 18th, I called the restaurant at 9:45 saying we had reservations at 10:30 and we knew we were gonna be a few minutes late...the woman on the phone told me there was a 30 minute grace period and we would be perfectly fine. After arriving at 10:45 (15 MINUTES INTO OUR SO CALLED "30 minute grace period") the woman at the entrance said they were closed and it didn't matter we had reservations.  She grabbed a manager right away and he said nothing but "we closed at 10:30" "we closed at 10:30" "we closed at 10:30". Being a manager at a restaurant ourselves we were disgusted by the response we got. Its our anniversary and our night is completely ruined because everything in Philadelphia closes at 11:00. Please inform your employees and make sure you have suitable managers operating your restaurant because our first time there is our last. We will be dining elsewhere.I have been to Picanha Brazilian Grill multiple times for dinner due to the rodizio style service provided here as well as the cheaper price compared to the higher end, more expensive rodizios in center city such as Chima or Fogo de Chao.  The restaurant is located in an area which doesn't look too nice but it is worth the food.  There is parking along Castor avenue near the restaurant which requires parking meters during certain times of the day.  The menu here offers less cuts of meat than the counterparts but that isn't a big issue.
The salad bar is different than the other rodizios as it is more true brazilian style than other places.  I decided to try the mac n' cheese as well as the polenta.  Both were very good and I ended up getting some more of them towards the end of my meal.  The rodizio service was done by one guy who cut decently sized pieces of meat each time.  We decided to try mostly all of the meats offered here.  I even tried the chicken hearts here which weren't bad.  I really enjoyed the sirloin as the fat around the edge melts in your mouth and it was prepared perfectly to medium rare.  Otherwise, all of the other meats were pretty good and I can't say there was one meat that I had that I didn't like as I cleared most of my plate each time.  
Overall, I recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual rodizio style dinner that provides a tasty meat equivalent to other counterparts without the higher price.Mmm, the food here is to die for. It is not fancy but the food could not be more delicious. Staff is friendly and service was very quick. Came with several Brazilians and had a fantastic time.Purchased a Groupon for weekend which includes 2 juice 2 all you can eat buffet and 2 desserts. The customer service deserves 5 stars but the food was just fair. Nice interesting variety at their salad bar. Most things at the bar that should have been hot were barely warm. We loved the macaroni and cheese, carrot coleslaw, fake crab salad and fried bananas and tossed salad. The best meats were the prime rib, garlic steak, garlic chicken and sausages. Never had the ribs to try them. The rest of the meats were grisly, dry, chewy. The juices were delicious as were the desserts we chose. The flan was exceptional. Without a groupon the buffet itself is $23.99 a person. The Groupon basically gives you the juices and desserts for free. It was a nice experience but not worth the drive even with a Groupon for the quality. The bill totaled $90.00 with the tip. Thank goodness we didn't pay that. I'd rather spend that kind of money at Fago de Chao or capital grill. DisappointedPicanha is a great steak house! for $25.00 you can have the all you can eat buffet. They bring steak and othe types of meat to your table constantly. I don't usually do the all you can eat because as much as I love food I find that usually after one plate I'm done! My plate usually runs about &10.80 and believe me I stack up that plate! 
The people there are very friendly, parking is easy to find, and you can BYOB!!! 
We love this place so much that my daughter wanted her 15th bday party there! They were so nice (with only a day notice) and allowed us to brign in not only our own booze (for the adults) but also our own sodas! And although they sell cakes there they did not mind us bringing our own cake and stored our ice cream for us. When it came time to cut the cake they came out and sang and help with the cake!As I read through some of the recent reviews, which were negative, I have to say I'm surprised.  While Picanha Grill is certainly no Fogo De Chao, I wasn't really expecting this when I ate there last night. After all, the price for an all you can eat meal was $22 vs. Fogo's  $49. Yes the cut of meats weren't as delicious as Fogo's  but they did have some decent meats and an acceptable variety. Picanha's  salad grill wasn't amazing, but it did have some selections which I really enjoyed. I mean, can you even go to the Olive Garden and eat and appetizer and pasta for $22? Yes the meats don't come out as fast as Fogo's, but I sat there until I was stuffed, and I never felt rushed out. By the way...did I mention that this place is a BYOB?
I saw some reviews on other sites that say this place isn't authentic. First of all, how authentic do you expect it to be sitting on Castor Ave. in North East Philly? The authenticity of the place is that it is run by Brazilains and frequented by local Brazilians looking for a bite to eat.  For me, it was a very nice getaway from all of the other chain restaurant which I usually get stuck eating at.This place is just wow just wow. Let me get started. When I got seated, everything was good and asked  for water because I don't drink soda. I got up to get my food. I got my rice, pasta, and meatballs I sat down and it was very good. Then the man who was holding the steak came to me to see if I wanted a piece of steak of course I said yes. Cuts me a piece of steak and leave. I tasted the steak and let me tell you something it was dry. I could not even swallow the damn steak. It was over cooked.When the man came up to me with a different piece of steak I ask to him to give me a slice. He cut me a slice but as he was walking away to serve another customer he was literally spinning the tray attached to the steak. I was like oh my god. No wonder why my steak was dry. Customer service was horrible. I was done with my water and they didn't even bother asking if I wanted a refill and they didn't stop by to see if I was satisfied with my food. After finishing my meal I decided to never come back.I came here with my boyfriend with a $25 groupon in hand, for 2 Brazilian Steak buffets.
I must say that, with the groupon the deal was great and very much so worth the food, service and OMG (see below) the dessert. However, I wasn't amazed by anything.. (except the dessert) -- which wasn't included in the groupon.
The food was pretty good. The meat was seasoned well, but some pieces were dry. The service was great, they were attentive. However.. there was some sort of un-cleanliness of the place that I felt, but nothing too serious. Just kind of an old little restaurant. 
The buffet stands were not big at all, I believe there were two carts. It was enough though. Everything on the buffet carts was pretty standard, nothing disgusting but nothing delicious. Just plain old, standard.
We enjoyed our meal, had a pleasant dinner with our groupon. But we still wanted to have some dessert even though it wasn't included. I can't remember what my boyfriend got.. but I got what the lady recommended.. THEIR FLAN. And my gosh, am I happy she recommended it. Maybe I'm crazy.. but I really do think it is by far the BEST FLAN I'VE EVER HAD. I haven't had many.. but I've had enough to know this was the most delicious I've had! It was nice and firm, but creamy. The sugar was just enough.. it tasted so caramelized and.. carmely.. it was soooo delicious. My boyfriend went back to get it for me two separate times, because I loved it so much. No steak, no dinner, just the dessert to go. It's $4.00 which isn't the BEST price, but it's quite good and I'll pay for it once in a blue moon for the pure enjoyment!
Overall, I'd say about 3-3.5 stars. It would just be difficult to pay THAT much on a normal basis without groupon. It's also $24.95 for lunch price (same meats available) for lunch at Fogo.We arrived at 6:30 and were the first dinner customers.  The buffet bar had just been replenished and looked delicious. We decided to get the rodizio and were quickly seated and literally greeted by a server with two swords of chicken and sausage not 2 minutes after returning from the buffet bar armed with plates of salad and sides.  Fantastic!  Let the protein-fest begin!  
The chicken was very juicy and wonderfully seasoned; not at all dry and very tasty. The sausage was flavorful and good but nothing made it stand out. Now the skirt steak was quite possibly the mst flavorful meat of the night but it was a little on the tough side; I kinda wish that t ad been more rare. The picanha was tasty and moderately tender and the alcatra was very nicely seasoned if a little on the sinewy side. The ancho was served in slices that the server allowed me to pull off the sword. Yum...who doesn't love an endless feast of beef?  We finished off with the bacon-wrapped chicken, which was very succulent for a lean breast, and delicious when paired with the smoky bacon. Overall, decent meats and spectacular service. Seriously the man serving the meats was the friendliest waiter ever; he always had a smile and gave us very generous first seconds of every kind of meat. You can't beat that.
The sides were very good. If this place were closer to me, I would literally come here everyday and get the salad bar for lunch. The roast pork was spectacular, as were the salads. The fruit plate looked beautiful and was filled with kiwi, pineapple, and melons - all of which were sweet. It was so sad when I realized that I was way too full of meat to indulge in the full glory of the salad bar. Another day, for sure.
If you love meat, this is a must-try. It's basically your mom and pop version of Fogo for a price that doesn't require a company expense account and with much better service.
Plus get a restaurant.com certificate for a discount!The food is great waitress could be better but overall the restaurant is great. The Brazilian soda they got is awesomeFor those who want their dinner to be like a dream... a really bloody and surreal dream. My friends and I sat down at the Brazilian barbeque (which looks like a seedy kind of diner but has a banquet room on the other side with clouds painted on the ceiling and a lot of balloons (and a TV and recliners... so weird!), hit the salad bar, and  almost immediately after returning to our seats, had three huge skewers of different kinds of meat brought over to our table. The woman who brought them was shaped like a large blonde linebacker and barely spoke any english but LOVED the fact that we became more and more excited every time meat was brought out. She quickly picked up on the fact that we pretty much all liked our meat as rare as possible and probably by the second time she brought the meat out, our table had drops of blood all over it. I hadn't even paid attention to the fact that all the tables were covered with thick plastic sheeting. At one point, I got up to go to the bathroom, and my foot slipped on something and shot out to the side. I looked down and saw two puddles of blood next to the table! I chuckled my way to the bathroom where I found signs posted on both stalls in the ladies room... "Do not throw toilet paper in the toilets!".... Um... what?! I looked in the stalls and the toilets looked normal enough, but there were definitely little trash cans full of crumpled up toilet paper next to each one. WHAT?!?! I felt totally uncomfortable with the thoughts and questions that instantly started gushing through my brain so I just went back to the table, still having to pee. We ploughed through slab after slab of messy, drippy meat, which our server was all too happy to keep hacking off of her skewers for us. It was definitely not for the faint of heart or stomach... but I have never felt so peaceful at the same time as feeling so aggressive. It was almost a spiritual moment. I love red meat.
If you are more into the meat than a fancy experience, choose this over Fogo, at $18 per person, it's a deal. Also, try the parfait for dessert,...you will fall in love.
Oh yeah, and it's BYO.I choose buffet. The food open to take looks not good enough with the price. Therefore, several minutes later, so many perfect grill comes, it is worthy. Perfect!This place was recently renovated with an industrial design.  Much better than last time I was here.   Cool, lively setting.   I went on Saturday night. $10/lb, $30 AYCE.  BYOB.  I got one plate (see photo, it was $12.  Delicious meat (Laban loved the meat in his review last year), good salad bar with South American sides, friendly service and great value.  Well worth the drive from Center City.
Note: Some of the featured pictures of the interior are out of date.  It's been newly renovated with an industrial design with high ceilings, spacious dining area.This place is okay it's somewhat overhyped than it deserves  it's very casual and affordable .So they have done renovations again. This time they opened up the private dining area taking out the dividing wall so it now a much larger single seating area. They also removed the drop ceilings and opened it up completed to the upper beams. This coupled with the removal of walls and hard wood tables & floors you have a serious echo issue now. All the sounds of everyone talking and eating bounce around and create a cacophony of sound. Saying it is loud now is kind of an understatement. Also they picked a slate grey for the walls and a darker grey contrast walls. This makes the room look bigger but also makes it feel cold and industrial. The major issue is lighting. The dark walls suck up the light and it is really dank feeling now. There is not enough light over the buffet. I really hope they add some lighting and wall coverings to help with the light and sound issue. 
On the food end it is still very good if not a little better. Their sausage is more like a kielbasa and was very tasty. I think they have added some cuts of meat like flank steak. There are some good additions to the salad bar/buffet as well. The chicken pot pie is tasty and the beef lasagna is made with only a bechamel sauce so it was pretty cheesy & tasty.Picanha is a joy with many, delicious Brazilian style grilled meats.  It's a "local, family" eatery with a "local, family" eatery decor.  The salad bar is solid and a number of the options are excellent -- to rival any of the fancy center-city options.  A great plus at Picanha is that you can just order a "plate" of your favorite cut and whatever you want from the salad bar -- a nice option for smaller bellies.Fellow Yelpers, you have failed me! 4 stars?! Are you SURE we're talking about the same place? Ugh, I feel cheated. 
First off, they FLAUNT the fact that "people love us on Yelp". I should have known better. The really great restaurants don't need to tell you they're great. They just are. 
Onto the review... In the same family as Fogo de Chao, Chima, na'Brasa, all of the basic elements are there: variety salad bar, huge meat skewers, and all you can eat for all of the above. Realizing that this place resides in North Philly, I can see how it would get high marks from locals. But I don't roll like that. A restaurant needs to stand on it's own, regardless of it's surroundings. Where other Brazilian steakhouses deliver, this place FAILS. The quality of meat was sub-par, the service (on a slow Friday nonetheless) was nonexistent, and the atmosphere was something of a mix between late night diner and a beef and beer benefit. 
Sorry guys, but next time I'll pony up the extra $20 per person and indulge in Fogo. At least I won't hate myself the next morning.The Brazilian steakhouse for the regular person.  100% authentic.  Great cuts of meats and salad bar. Bring your own rum and they will make you a caponiera drink. Location is not fabulous but great steaks and kebabs.  Plenty of street parking. Get the Rhodesio!  BYOB!Delish meats; the passionfruit mousse is to die for! As are the chicken livers, the garlic covered meats, and of course, the picanha!I actually pretty blown away with Picanha. I'm not totally sure what I was expecting before going in, as I (whether fairly or not) judge EVERY Brazilian steakhouse to the holy grail of Brazilian steakhouses, Fogo De Chao. So, before entering, I couldn't entirely wrap my head around how they were going to provide me with all I can eat meat at this small, corner eatery. We entered into this small, but clean and inviting dining room, where I quickly learned that your plate is weighed. (ahhhhh...makes sense!) You line up to go to the "meat window," where the meat is sliced from the skewer directly onto your plate. How they get you is, they make you walk past the salad bar/buffet on your way, to try and get you to use up your precious ounces. (Pro tip, stick to the meat. Pick ONE side, plus some friend plantains, and put your steak blinders on. Although everything I had from the salad bar was tasty, this is a Brazilian STEAK house, so get your moneys worth). The meat was EXCELLENT! Although it didn't quite reach Fogo levels, I would totally put in on par with say, Nabrasa. I would DEFINITELY come here before I went to Rodizio Grill, for example. (if you can't tell, I've been to every friggin Brazilian steak establishment east of the Mississippi.) Lunch prices are something like $8.50 a pound, so if you're smart with your real estate, you can get a belly full of meat for an excellent price. I fell victim to the salad bar trap while waiting in our long line for the meats, but I will be better prepared for my next trip. Fool me twice....
The knocks on Picanha are, 1) the weighing/payment system. You get your plate and put it on the scale, and you are then given a card with a number. You have to hold on to that number and turn it in at the end to find out how much you owe. I had no idea how much my meal was while eating it, and they ask you for drinks AFTER you get your number, and when everyone ordered a drink, they didn't ask for anyones number to know whom to charge what to. It was all very clandestine. 2) This knock may be just personal, and also strangely hypocritical, seeing as how I'm here to eat copious amounts of meat, but the decor is a little jarring. Over the salad bar, mounted on the wall, are 4 HUMONGOUS bull/cow/whatever other animals they serve there heads, just silently admonishing you for feasting on their flesh. I'm one of those people that doesn't really like to see my food in its pre-my-food conditions, and seeing the heads actually made me feel bad about eating there. I know, I know.....get over it, its a steak house, but I know they don't hug the animals to death before serving them, so its a bit off putting. 
Still, I'll definitely be back, and will avert my eyes. Totally recommend it if you want some good Brazilian but don't have the time or the scratch to make it to Center City to bang with Fogos.Affordable brazilian steak house with friendly service. They have a good salad bar. The meat can sometimes be served a bit overcooked, but I have had great cuts served medium to mid-well. They have a good selection of natural juices. I enjoy very much their desserts, especially the flan, is really tasty. Good for groups.this place is what Fogo De Chao could only hope to aspire to one day...the meat is perfectly seasoned only with salt...and they have Chicken Hearts!!
the desserts well great and to top it off its also a BYO!First off, I am totally biased. But unlike the twit (you can find her) who doesn't eat meat or dairy and goes to a Churrascaria, I am a meatatarian.
This restaurant kicked some serious booty. They weren't too busy and the food was great. I had 9 kinds of meat and enough food to fill me up. We didn't mind the lack of alcohol because they served Guarana Antarctica (nectar of the Gods). All in all, there is no way I am setting foot in Fogo de Chao ever again. This place is less snooty, less expensive and far more friendly.
The neighborhood is fine, as long as you aren't from some glass bubble where all the seats in restaurants are velvet.
The workers are fantastic and the TV is set on Globo. What else could you ask for?
Oh yeah, my husband and I ate and drank and ended up paying less than 25 bucks. Now that's all I can ask for.This place was waaay better than I thought it would be! The salad bar selection was good and the. Raved meats were very tasty. The price at $30 per is a bit high at lunchtime. Also it was a very cold afternoon when I was there and if they had heat inside I couldn't tell. Needs some updated decorating. But again the meal was fantastic and the service good.How could I forget this place! The food is authentic. Meat, meat and more meat.. BYOB! Went here with 2 chefs, 1 cook and 2 foodies. The bill was not bad considering. Hot peppers sauce collection one of the best around. Meat on a stick even better.Much more reasonably priced & realistic feel than the other "Brazilian" steakhouses in/around Philly. The staff is friendly & when you ask for steak medium rare (heavy on the rare) they bring it out for you- which is a nice touch. The salad bar wasn't that great, but that's okay- it's a place for MEAT (which was pretty good for the endless supply of it.) Go with a big group & use a restaurant coupon to make it even more affordable. Oh, its also BYO- which is always awesome.My Family loves it here . Delicious food and nice staff and way cheaper than the other similar restaurants .. Definitely go ,you'll enjoy it !Great place for reasonable price, especially if you are into buffet deals. I say 'let the steaks keep coming'. Good accomodation and food.Awesome steak dinner at an awesome price. Meat and rice and beans are superior than Na Brasa which costs twice as much.Very poor service.  Food was good, but selection was limited for a "buffet".Food here is great. Atmosphere is ok but looks dated. I wish the place had better air conditioning and a more modern look and feel to it. Small touches here and there truly would bring this place to the top. Food is amazing and very authentic from the salad bar all the way to the meat selections. I consider the food to be similar to fogo de chao but at half the price. Overall it's a great place in northeast Philadelphia.Fogo De Chao is great, but if you don't really care about atmospher and only care about the MEAT....then this place is must go! For less than half of the price than Fogo, you can stuff yourself with delicious steak! oh yeah....never a good idea to take a girl to all you can eat meat! lolIf i was making more money i would definitely be eating on a daily basis here. I simply love the picanha is so damn good and at a fair priceI really enjoyed myself. Steaks, sausages, chicken wrapped in bacon were all great. The service was great. Platanos very goodThis is easily my favorite Brazilian steakhouse in Philly. I've been eating here for years with my family and we all love this place.  We eat here every new years eve as a tradition and that won't be changing any time soon. The staff here are all super friendly. They've done some renovating which is nice as wellI came here with my boyfriend for dinner and the food was delicious!!  Everything was so incredibly fresh and the staff is very welcoming and accommodating.  We brought a big bottle of wine and they kindly put a bucket together with ice and provided wine glasses.  We thoroughly enjoyed everything we had and spent about 3 hours there just eating and talking in such a nice relaxing and welcoming atmosphere.  Can't wait to return, especially since it's BYOB!what a disappointment!!!! no service whatsoever, we were there for twenty minutes when i had to ask for some wine glasses and 15 minutes later our wine was still not opened so we decided not to drink it since we were already half done with our meal. the waitress was just standing in the middle of the dining room looking around with no idea what was going on. every time my wife or i needed more water i had to get up and ask for it at the front desk. most of the meats were dry. the juiciest meat that came out was the chicken because it was bloody inside. never going back !!!!!!!very nice byo cozy family feel restaurant. we prefer the non-buffet style course (pay by weight) which is weird coming from me cause i was raised in buffets. birthday = buffet, graduation = buffet, friday evening hunger = buffet. i like having options that mostly contain meat :) the food that comes around is kinda slow if you're going with all you can eat and you'll get hungry watching other people at your table eat the food they bring back from the grill or maybe it was an off day? the steaks and garlic chicken are the winners here the last two times we've come. ooh don't forget to try the heart if there is any ready at the grill and the super buttery mashed potatoes from the food bar. everything else is average but definitely hits the spot coming from a true meat lover :) the mango smoothie thing is also really good. fogo de chao definitely has higher quality brazilian grill cuisine but at a corresponding steep priceIt is an old dinner that was taken over by Brazilians. The décor is from the early 70s and could stand to be wiped down. The waitress was great but then her shift was over and we were left to fend for our own. I was temped to walk out. The lady at the register was spending more time playing with a baby than taking care of business. Black beans and white rice were amazing and the meat was wonderful. The greens were under cooked and the plantains were dry. When getting plates and utensils I had to pull out a few forks before I found a clean one. When my drink came out the glass had tones of fingerprints. I was able to clean my utensil and settled for water. Once is enough for me. They need to literally clean up their act and they would be amazing.Had our first time Brazilian Steakhouse experience at Picanha... and we loved it!  Meat for a month in one foul swoop.   Delicious and with great service... What more could you ask for?  I'll be back once a month to quench my appetite. I would strongly recommend Picanha to anyone who's hungry!  I'm now thinking of having a big family reunion party there. It wad totally memorable. Try it and you'll love it, just like we did!Just finished having dinner here with my family for the first time. I'm not a big meat lover but I decided to come with my husband anyway. To my surprise I could not believe how much meat I ate. All was so tender and tasty. My favorite one - sirloin! Cake though. I mean I'm thinking to drive back for another piece. The peach and prune cake is delicious. I will definitely buy a whole cake for my upcoming birthday.Good local meat shack when  you're in the mood. I first came here about 7-8 years ago, but I'd stopped eating meat, so this place was off my radar. Having just gone to Fogo De Chao last week, I really was yearning some steak. We came 40 minutes before closing, so we opted for the buffet $ 8.50. Great selection and I didn't want for vegetables, I had my plate filled. Then, we get to the grill and I wanted sirloin. I guess you get what you get this time of night. Everything was well done +. He didn't even bother to ask how I wanted it. My husband liked it, I brought my most of my meat home to our dogs.  I'm definitely going to give them another try during the early evening to see if I can get my meat the way I like it. I would have given it fewer stars, but this place used to be my go to before I became vegetarian, so the fond memories are what saved it. 
They updated it place a bit. It's much better than before. The service was good for this time of night.  One thing I didn't appreciate was that they used the sub total and tax to calculate the tip that was printed on the bottom of the receipt. You do not EAT the tax, you don't get a tip on the tax.I wanted to give this place 5 stars... I really did. The night started out great. The restaurant was surprisingly empty with just one other table of customers. The waitress was great. We all got the $21.99 deal where everything is unlimited. There was a soap opera playing in the background and the staff was happily watching since there was nothing else to do. 
The food was great at first. We tried different kinds of steaks and loved the chicken wrapped in bacon. So much so that we ordered seconds. This is when everything took a turn for the worse. Our second order came out and we cut into the small portions and to our surprise, it was completely raw. Chicken is dangerous to eat raw but I guess the chef didn't know that. We told him to take a look and asked if he could bring out more. He took our portions and tore them open again saying they are bigger chunks, that's why it wasn't cooked. He looked at other pieces and claimed they were cooked. He then took one of the uncooked pieces and said he'll put it back on the fire. We would have felt more comfortable if he took the whole plate since it was all exposed to salmonella. Needless to say, we were turned off. We were scared to try other meats and the Chicken we craved never came back out. It was disappointing. 
The food was good and flavorful at the beginning and because of that, I would try this place again. I'd be more careful next time though, and maybe go earlier in the day when the food is already being cooked and available. We went for a later dinner so maybe that's why he was rushing to cook the chicken and didn't bring out more.I guess I've been on a bit of a Brazilian steakhouse kick lately.. After going to Chima and Fogo I would say that Picanha is right up there - but it's much different. Unlike Chima and Fogo where you pay a flat rate, at Picanha you pay by weight. So you go up to the counter and tell the griller man what you want and they give it to you. The meat was delicious and tender, and had almost the same selection that the big boy steakhouses had. My only advice would be to get all the meat you want in one shot. I went up a second time to get just one more piece of chicken and a small piece of steak and it was an additional $4. They weigh the food with the plate, which is very heavy. I think when I went up for seconds I got overcharged. Otherwise I was very happy with my experience! Can't wait to go back!Picanha beats the prices of Fogo and Chima and it's very delicious!  I like the BYOB rule also cause that saves $$$.  Not that I am a cheapskate but I like to save a buck or two .  The food is so good seasoned well and tender.  They keep coming out bringing more and more meat and I just can't say no til I am about to burst. My favorite is the chicken wrapped in bacon. Divine!Meat was good. Buffet could have been better. Drinks and dessert are separate price from buffet. They could have included at least one. Overall it was worth the $25.00. But don't come with expectation of Chima's or Fogo. It's a neighborhood place that you can dress casual and have some good food."Home-style" and "rodizio" are words rarely found in the same sentence, but Picanha offers honest, down-home cooking without the pretense (and at half the price) of some of the better-known Brazilian steakhouses in town. The buffet features fresh vegetables (the collard greens are spectacular), salads, and traditional meat accompaniments such as farofa. The meats themselves are redolent with garlic and have a perfect char on the outside. The top sirloin was served a juicy medium-rare with an addictively crisp layer of fat, and the garlic chicken was tender and deeply seasoned. Make sure to save room for a slice of velvety chocolate custard ring.The steak was amazing. The dishes were so authentic! And the atmosphere was modern and homey. Casual dress is great! I felt so comfortable at Picanha and the staff was sweet. Better than Chima and Fogo because at Picanha you can do the pay per pound and go and get whatever meat you want. They don't make you wait at Picanha.I've been here a couple of time with my husband and it's ok. I've had worse but I've also had much much better. The rodizio selection is basic...chicken, beef, pork. Flavorful for the most part but personally hesitant about the chicken since on more than one occasion my husband was given under cooked chicken. We always get the passion fruit juice which is ok but not anything spectacular. The buffet bar is ok, not too much variety but what they do have is pretty good...it's basic and really in my opinion that's all you need. Rice, beans, salads......the star of the establishment should be the proteins not the sides. Just my opinion. Their passion fruit mousse cake is by far my favorite thing there!
Now considering the location and the overall quality I also believe it's slightly overpriced. Servers are ok not overly friendly, not rude, but there is room for improvement. The proteins are ok but a little more attention should be paid to proper cook time considering you could make someone ill with certain foods.like chicken being undercooked. No one wants that. It's not a horrible place and if you like holes in the wall give it a go but this is not my first response when asked about good rodizios in the area.The meat? It was delicious. The salad bar? excellent, what a variety of foods for them to attempt to fill you up with so they don't have to feed you their fine steaks :P I probably made the critical error of getting too much rice, but Asians need something to go down with the meat, and some of them were salted a good bit. My whitey friends loved it as is, but that's to be expected, salt is a huge part of the diet.
The salad bar is really something nice though. I love my share of food from the south, and it's similar to what I've been fed at my Brazilian friends homes, and damn close to what I've had at a Brazilian wedding. It's not just salad either, you'll find a few meat items on the rack [yummo] with 'slaws, different kinds of rice, and utterly delicious mac n cheese.
Servers came to our table at regular intervals and made sure we had some sort of meat on the communal plate at all times. The chicken was really good, moist and bursting with flavor, albeit a bit salty [I felt all the meats were a bit too salty], and the same could be said for all the steaks that made the rounds. A buddy was a tad disappointed that there was no filet, but we more than happily made do with all the others.
The dessert was mediocre, and wasn't included in the all you can eat. The girls apparently knew this, but didn't share that privileged info with us gentleman. That's fine, the bill still came out significantly cheaper than what Fogo would've been.
Sure, the service was meh. I expect this of any place that's not American, to be honest, and when you curb your expectations, you're let down a lot less often. But it was serviceable, and our food came in a timely fashion and filled our party of 6 to their absolute gills. Helped that we came with lots of wine.They have redecorated - and it really needed it. The tacky fountain that took up the entire foyer is gone and replaced with some chairs for waiting customers to sit. The floors have been replaced by a darker wood giving the place a more sophisticated look. With new matching dark wood tables in the dining area and removal of the bright yellow table cloths the face-lift gives a nice warm feel to the room. 
The salad bar has changed its options and now a few less "authentic" items. But it is still not very veggie friendly with most of the items still containing meat of some form or cheese. (Why a vegetarian would come here expecting options for them is beyond me.) The beans with the porky bits is now just just straight black beans. The addition of the mashed potatoes was a good thing though, it compliments the slabs of meat well. 
The cuts of meats you will get are random but they seem to be happy to bring you a requested cut. That said the meats seemed under-seasoned this time which was a real disappointment. But don't expect the level of service you would get at the higher end Churrasco places downtown. We were the only people in the place for an early dinner and were all but ignored by the staff who wanted to watch the Brazillian channel on the flat screen rather than wait on customers. We were never brought a check and just had to walk up to the register and wait for someone to figure out we wanted to pay before leaving. Also the prices have gone up but you will still only pay half of what you would at Fogo or Chima.I have been going to Picanha since I moved to Philly, almost 5 years ago. The food is great, the price is very affordable, specially if compared to Fogo de Chao, staff is awesome, I love the owners, they truly make you feel at home. I have lunch there almost every Sunday and can't get tired of their food. I truly recommend it.When I worked at [very large food producer in notoriously corrupt center of urban decay in southern NJ] a few years ago, my coworker, Harry P., would have our holiday lunches catered by Picanha. I loved the food, and he told me that it got better at the actual restaurant because they brought you fresh meat throughout your meal. Obviously, I vowed to eat at this magical place one day. Well, I FINALLY made it there on December 20th, 2013, and it was so good that I went back on December 30th, 2013.
The food puts Fogo and Chima to shame, especially their namesake Picanha steak. How do you say "Ay, Dios mio" in Portuguese? It sounded like he said "i just put a may-oh-nay-us" whenever we asked why it was so good, so, I bought like, a club-sized jar of Hellman's on the way home, but.. IDK. whatever. There are bacon wrapped things and beef and chicken and pork and... *sigh*
The price puts you to shame for ever paying Fogo & Chima prices. We could not even think about attempting dessert, but the buffet (with rodizio service, of course) was less than $25 apiece.
They just keep coming and coming and coming and when they see you slowing down because your belly is about to explode, they start telling you what else they have to see if you want anything specific. It's awesome.
Bonus #1: BYOB.
Bonus #2: Family-friendly.
I find myself happy that it's not crazy packed, like I have it all to myself, and equally upset that it's not crazy packed, because I never want them to go away.went on xmas eve.
bloody rice cause they gimme my steak just like i like it. one step from mooing. 
there were two dbags behind me talking about bumpin uglies with hookers. It was more entertaining than the Portuguese soap opera on TV.
I splurged and got flan and pineapple cake to take home. Good god, delicious stuff and the hot daddy who served it up wasn't bad either. as my husband said "He's a good lookin cat" lol.Salad bar not labeled at all. Well done Meats were very very salty that I could spit out the grains of salt. The medium ones were not as salty. Meats had good flavor regardless. The well done Meats were also sometimes not well done while other times too overcooked to the point of very dry. Cheap for a steak house. Would I go here again, yeah. Plenty of parking nearby. Spacious inside. Clean. I had coconut truffle for desert it was very good but all the other ones didn't look too good. You can order by the pounds or all you can eat. For two people or ended up being like 65$ then u gotta tip. I ended up drinking 4 glasses of water because of how salty the Meats were. Better than I expected in terms of northeast restaurants. Better in terms of an alternative to China and fogo. Loved the Spanish rice they had at the salad bar.Interesting place, great food, in a weird neighbourhood.
The food is served buffet style, and you can either opt for the $20+ all you can eat, or pay by weight per plate. Since I didn't feel like eating so much for brunch, I just did the pay by weight option.
The sides are very interesting -- I wish they would put up signs since we were one of the first ones there and had trouble figuring out what things are without digging into them. There are various salads, rice, baked cheese with stuff...tons of choices and some of them are exceptional. Then you get to the counter at the end and that's where the fun begins.
Meat!! More meat!!
Their sirloin was very tender. Bacon wrapped chicken was great too. Garlic steak? Can't taste the garlic, but the meat was still good. There are various other items and from what I had, the meat was nice and tender, not overcooked.
The meat server was friendly, but since it's buffet style, waiter service was a bit lacking.
I didn't encounter any dry or overcooked meats -- maybe that's because I was there as soon as it opened?Picanha is great. It's an authentic Brazilian churrascaria. Just like the ones on every street in Brazil. Most of the customers are Brazilian. Don't compare it to Fogo because it's not. It's locally owned, and catered for Brazilians. The staff speaks Portuguese and English. They have delicious cuts of beef, sausage, and chicken, and the feijoada on Saturdays is incredibly delicious. They have a self-service weighed plate option, as well as an all you can eat option. If you want an affordable price as well as an authentic Brazilian experience, then this is a great option.Just went to this place the food was not bad at all. I use groupon tonight they have 16 types of meat they were kinda dry. The salad bar was good no labels but the waitress will tell you what they are. We went on a Wednesday not pack at all. Let me just say when they come by the cuts of  meat are thick not thin. So you get full quick the soda refill are not free.The tres leches cake is incredible! I always eat one and take one to go! Can't wait to come back to this spot.I have been here a couple of times and its pretty reasonable. I would pay by the lb since I cant eat like I used to. 
and its quick , no waiting. the buffet has a variety and the Picanha grill has a meat lovers paradise of beef , pork sausage and chicken .  They haven't renovated in a while so the place looks worn. street metered parking is readily availableI thought this place was pretty good, the food quality including the meats being offered in various cooking choices (rare, medium rare, medium, well done) are accurately there. Many places in the area that does the same thing don't really have medium rare beef even if you ask... they just kinda give you well done meat. The seasoning and done really well! And I like that they have such a great extensive dessert area where you can see what you can choose from. The place itself is not fancy like Fogo de Chão or some other supposedly high class restaurants, but this if casual and modern in a way that makes you feel comfortable and cozy. The guy who served the steaks, chicken, and pork is generous and makes sure you get what you want and need. Very nice! I would love to come back here. I originally tried this place with their Groupon offer a while ago, and I love it.My boyfriend took me here to surprise me one night......We had the salad bar which they told us was $5.95/lb, but then charged us $9.00  bc we didn't know that we had to have our food weighed!!!  I had a few pieces of fruit, and didn't like much else.  The mystery meat on the salad bar was nasty looking and I just couldn't bring myself to try it......I guess I'm just not into this type of thing.......Ick!!!What a nice Rodizio spot! My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday dinner. The food was the delicious and the service was great. They offer two options, all-you-can-eat or you can take as much as you want and they will weigh your plate. This time, we went all in and chose the all-you-can-eat option. The meats were delicious! Sometimes they came out a little bit too raw for my liking, but they had no problem taking the meat back and cooking it a little longer for you.
Next time I just need to bring a bigger appetite!Very nice and clean inside. Pretty easy to order the food. It goes by the pound or by buffet style ($29.00) . I'll go here again if I need to get good quality meat quick for dinner or something ! They are so good and for 8.99 a pound you can't beat it !I've been to this restaurant a few times and it's always a great experience. The food is delicious. The meats are well seasoned and cooked to perfection. They asked my DH and I how we like out steak cooked and only brought out steak how we liked it. The buffet is filled with yummy authentic side dishes. They don't list what the foods are on the buffet so I didn't really know what I was putting on my plate but I will pretty much try anything. 
It's byob and my DH brought the Brazilian liquor cachaca and they made a pitcher of caipirinha that were delish!
You can buy a gift certificate on restaurants.com.This is the real deal. I went with a large group of friends, brought our own alcohol and enjoyed so many different meats and salads from the salad bar, I'm surprised I didn't have to get rolled out of there. 
I only paid around $20-25 and ate endless food. I can't imagine you getting that much meat for that low of a price at fogo or chima. 
I'm sure fogo and chima are a bit more fancy but I felt completely comfortable at picanha. 
Amazing, amazing, amazing. I can't wait to go back again.The best steakhouse so far! Plenty of choice and open buffet. 
The waitress was super nice and service is great!This place went under some cosmetic changes to look more upscale, and it definitely looks a lot nicer now! New tables, lighting, and additions to the salad bar... food tastes the same, but it was pretty decent to begin with. It ain't no Fogo obviously, but at 8.99 pound you can get your fill of Brazilian BBQ without hurting your wallet! Service needs some work; everyone is nice but super disorganizedThe range and amount of food they come around with is something you have to see for yourself! You have to go there on an empty stomach or else you won't get your moneys worth... Great food, great atmosphere at a reasonable price, will definitley go back againThis is always a great spot to stop to have delicious, authentic Brazilian food served by actual Brazilians. The price is right on point for the all you can eat and the by the pound plate. I recommend doing the all you can eat if you have never gone before. If you are a veteran Brazilian foodie, by the plate is a great price and probably your best bet. I definitely recommend this place for a night out! Don't forget to get some Brazilian soda and dessert at the end!Had a spur of the moment family dinner here the other night.  I've been meaning to try this place for a while not, but never quite felt like I was up for the huge carnivorous meal yet...having no choice I sucked it up and said oh well, here's my chance to try it.
Having my only previous Brazilian steakhouse experience at Fogo de Chao, this was definitely going to have a different feel.  The place was much smaller, and the decor wasn't as "elegant" for lack of a better word.  I didn't mind though, I kinda like the atmosphere.  I felt more relaxed and calm...especially because we weren't overwhelmed by the numerous amount of servers/runners coming to the table (Fogo).  Everyone was friendly fhere, from the hostess, the waitress, and the passador (as I believe they're called).
The salad and sides bar was pretty large and offered up some good eats.  I didn't try much, but I had this rice with some sausage/chorizo in it.  They also had fish, collard greens,. and much more.  I saved my stomach for the meat however.
The meat came out much slower here compared to Fogo, and that definitely didnt't upset me.  It was a much more comfortable pace.  They also went through everything they had before we saw repeats.
Verdict = 4 stars.  The meat overall was pretty good.  The skirt steak was pretty tender and just downright mindblowing.  Some of the other cuts were tender in some parts, and some I had to put a little more elbow grease into cutting than I had wanted.  No lamb.  I was looking forward to having some lamb that night and the waiter told me that they normally do have it, but they didn't defrost it in time or something....oh well.  We tried three desserts (surprised I had room, I controlled myself during the meat feast)  we had a small chocolate ball, slice of flan, and a piece of the "tiramisu" like dessert they had.  The small chocolate ball was ehh.  Tasted like a chocolate caramel.  The "tiramisu" was delicious as was the flan.
I'll most likely be back at some point.  It's a great experience especially when you don't have the money for a place like Fogo de Chao.  The staff was great and I found the atmosphere to be very comfortable.The management staff is terrible; I had two half off meal coupons for $100 that I used on separate occasions. Both times (table of four), the owner would take off the $50 off after tax and gratuity was already included; I told her it was incorrect to do it that way and showed her the rules and procedure, and she refused to do it that way; and we ended up paying $80, which is not worth it at a hole-in-the-wall place in the Northeast.By far the best Brazilian restaurant I've been too. These folks got it right.Awesome food!! Me and the wife have made quite a few return trips. Great service and the food just keeps coming until you flip your card over!!! Fresh made fruit juices, amazing desserts. Come hungry. They will definitely feed you!!Exceeded my expectations.   I have been to many Brazilian Steakhouses.   Although the sides were just the, the Churasco was phenomenal.    Very highly rated.This no-frills Brazilian restaurant does not disappoint. Buffet is expansive and the meats are  just right (at least whenever my friends and I have gone). Have only gone for lunch and paid by weight, but I'm sure the buffet is well worth it, too.More choices on weekends; busier also but weekend servers are on top of their "waiting game".  BYOB if you choose, very fresh & good juices if you're the DD.I have passed this restaurant numerous times and always wondered what was inside.
It was only when I saw a restaurant.com $3 for $25 coupon that I finally decided to try it. Good thing I did, because the food was very good. The buffet is kept nice and clean, and the rodizio is delicioso. I will definitely come back.Fogo,chima are cool places but this place feels like home.  Slower paced than the other chain restaurants.  The meat is on point, nicely cooked and seasoned.  Is a much check out. Ohh is byobPretty good place, a much cheaper version of Nabrasa or Fogo de Chao. Food is good but the atmosphere is not as pleasant as Fogo or Nabrasa. They do buffet style meal and well as by weight. That is you do not feel like overeating, you can just load up on salads and ask for whatever meat you want and pay by weight. I do not believe Fogo or Nabrasa offer that option. BYOBAfter being here 2 times, I can say the steak here is super tasty and seasoned well. The chicken can be dry at times but that's similar to a lot of chicken that's been roasting for a while. One downside is that it's hard to know what to ask for. I wish there was a list of all the meat selections. The people that
Go there often just say all the meats they had before, so sometimes I just listen in and order similar meats.