Very good Polish food.  Reasonable prices.  Menu encompasses staples of Polish cooking like Gołąbki (cabbage stuffed with pork and rice), potato pancakes, and of course pierogi (they even have Cheesesteak pierogi, 'cause Philly).  Come hungry.I've only had Polish food once before and that was near Detroit, and it was some of the best food I ever had. I'm from Phoenix here on business for a week, and I know I wanted to try every Philly cheesesteak in town, but I also wanted to try the Pierogi Factory seeing's how I had such a great experience the last time I ate Polish food. I was a little reluctant because the last time I had it was so good, but I went ahead and tried it because other people said it was really good. I had the combo with the stuffed cabbage, smoked kielbasa and the three pierogies, I could have had a meal of any one of the three items because it was all delicious. As someone said earlier in one of their post there are only four tables.I would put 10 stars if I could!! We had never been here before, but decided to check them out based on the Yelp reviews and how delicious everything looked in the pictures. My husband got takeout because they were about to close and got a variety of pierogis. The Philly cheesesteak was definitely our favorite!! They come with fried onions and sour cream. Oh my gosh, we had to slow down because we were eating them so fast. We're definitely coming back!! =DPierogi Factory is my new favorite restaurant! The employees are super friendly and treat customers like family. The food was excellent! We ate various kinds of pierogis, as well as potato pancakes, stuffed cabbage, gulasz, borscht, and pickle soup. Everything was served hot, fresh, and delicious! Highly recommend this restaurant. I can't wait to come back to try the Nutella pierogi!If you like Polish good or wish to try it, this is a cute little family owned restaurant.  It is operated by three generations of Polish women, from Poland. The restaurant is in a strip mall and has about four tables.  You can eat in or take out.  There were three "babci", grandmom's in Polish, making and cooking the good.  We felt like we were welcomed into a Polish grandmom's home.  The owner greeted us and told us about her family, and how they started the business.  There are beautiful pictures from their hometown in Poland.  The menu is small offering pierogis, galumpki "stuffed cabbage", kielbassa, etc. They were all delicious.  I would have given it 5 stars, but that rating On My goes to my to my mother. If you like ethnic food, visit these Polish Babci. Great Polish food, enjoyable atmosphere, at a reasonable price.MY Jewish family is from the UKRAINE, and also from Latvia. I grew up with perogis, stuffed cabbage ( prokas) and potato pancakes (latkes).  ALL from this place are excellent---truly great----although, being Jewish, I will not mix meat and dairy---and I doubt that the meat is Kosher.
Whatever I have eaten at the PF has been a HOME RUN.
The ONLY thing missing are KUGELS---noodle cassaroles---- with mushrooms, spinach, sweet or salt and pepper. Also kasha or potato kugels.
MY absolutely wonderful Jewish wife makes an OUTSTANDING kugel (kiggel). 
If the PF wants to round out a SUPERB menu----add a selection of kugels.  I just ate a spinach kugel, tonight at dinner. Four months old, sliced and frozen, with Klushki noodles. My wife also makes an OUTSTANDING kugel with standard or thin egg noodles.My Polish friends and Ukrainian friends absolutely LOVE my wife's cooking, and MY cooking of stuffed cabbage or stuffed bell peppers---sweet and sour----either homemade, or packaged KOSHER FROM Meal Mart
Your PF food is five stars, BUT PLEASE consider kugels----they will be GRAND SLAM HOME RUNS----I am sure.This place is just awesome! I came here today to celebrate my birthday and didn't leave disappointed, for here I found the authentic Slavic cuisine I grew up with.
My husband and I both ordered borscht, followed by a combination platter consisting of a golabki, three potato-and-sauerkraut pierogi, and two potato pancakes.  The finale was blintzes for dessert. 
This has been the best place so far in the Russian Northeast for Slavic cuisine. So authentic that my Slovak grandmom would have given it a thumbs up!Love this place.  One of my go-to's in the area though I never ate in, usually just pick up.  Cheesesteak pierogis are phenomenal, must try.We went a few weeks back to check out this place. It was yummy. I would definitely recommend doing take out, just a bit less awkward because I don't think anyone there is really trained to be a server. But really, the food speaks for itself! 
I grew up eating Pierogis made by my mom and grandma and these were so good! The fried in butter, with onion, took me back to Ukraine. Their golubtsi are nice too, the tomato sauce really adds to it. 
I hope this place survives, it's got such a nice feel to it and the service is good too. If you've never had real Pierogi, go here and try them! 
Oh also, their dessert with sweet pierogis was very nice.Food was amazing and service was awesome!  Highly recommend this place and will be returning on a regular basis!My wife, daughter, her boyfriend and I came in what turned out to be 15 minutes before closing, on what surely had been a super-busy day (the day before the Superbowl - they said they sold 1,500 hand-made pierogis) and the person who greeted us was still totally happy to seat us, and told us to take as long as we needed. We had a nice mix of pierogis and kielbasi and our meal was absolutely wonderful. We will definitely be back soon...Really delicious! Cheesesteak and spinach were my favorites! The owner was really nice and came and talked with us. Potato pancakes also delicious! I had the beet broth and enjoyed that as well but probably not something for everyone.You can taste the authenticity in each and every bite of fresh kielbasa, smoked kielbasa, freshly made pierogies, golabki and potato pancakes. I was really hoping they would have the pickle soup as their soup of the day but they didn't today. It's the BEST!! That just means another visit. I guarantee your visit here will not end with disappointment and you, like my husband and I, will come back for more. The food here is INSANELY good.  I absolutely love it here. It's a true gem in a NE Philly neighborhood.My Jewish family loves the soul food. We are originally from the pale of settlement,  and to us, this is soul food. We keep "light"Kosher, so no meat for us.  The latkes and perogies are terrific.
Add beet borscht, sour cream,  fried onions, etc.  Jewish soul food
 Fair price.  Delicious food.My ancestors would love it.
At home, I'll make and enjoy stuffed cabbage,  with Kosher ground turkey.   But, for now,  I'll  enjoy this great food.I have a new East Coast/Philly favorite home style restaurant. I stayed at the Sheraton Four Points NE and was starving at lunch.
Yelp recommended this hidden treasure. I rushed over and was greeted immediately. Very friendly owners and staff. They were ready to help with any selection, service was immediate and you get a chef's table anywhere on the left side of restaurant (people pay $100's extra for this pleasure). Restaurant and kitchen were incredibly clean and efficient. The owners love what they do and you see it.
Now the treasure? Golabki (Cabbage Rolls) are offered with tomato sauce or mushrooms. The cabbage was just perfect, excellent taste, giant size and it took me 7 giant bites to finish just one.
Pierogie's you ask? There are over 15 varieties, including a very naughty Nutella dessert variety. They come in every flavor imaginable, regionally and historically spot on. Whether you miss a taste of home or looking for something new - this is the spot! 
The offer several combo plates to taste everything, if you are like me. There was smoked and white Kielbasa. Both excellent and traditional flavors. If you want a good meal and enjoy being full just so - get over and have a bite.
If you enjoy authentic, delicious, happy and fantastic Polish food - this it. Enjoy.Great food. The service is super friendly. We came in during the dinner rush so the server was a little frazzled, but totally accommodated us in every way possible.The potato pierogi is always a great choice. I really want to try the buffalo chicken pierogi. Overall, it's a cute place with good food.My husband and a friend discovered this place last summer and just love it. The woman who owns it and works there with her family and some other employees is so extremely nice and goes out of her way to make sure everyone is happy with their dining experience.  We went once a week in the summer after all swimming together, and it was just delightful to come here afterwards. No one ever rushed us and everyone who works here is courteous and always concerned that we're all happy with the food we ordered. My favorite is the wonderful potato pancakes. They are just like my beloved grandmother used to make, and they are served with your choice of sour cream or applesauce (or both, if you wish). I do love the pierogis too, especially the spinach and the philly cheesesteak, but every time we go, I always find myself ordering those potato pancakes because they are just so good. Sometimes I get the combo which is also great. The soups are also wonderful.  My favorite is the Dill (Pickle) Soup. My husband loves the Polish Soup. My friend made it her mission to sample everything on the menu before the summer comes. We've been only meeting there once a month since the summer, so I'm not sure if she accomplished this yet. We have also included many friends that come now, too, due to our rave reviews. I hope everyone who had a negative experience try it again.  It is unique and a real treasure in the Northeast.Best potato pancakes and the Philly cheese steak pierogi was so good! Really nice customer service. Seems like family owned.Unexpectedly great food. Their customer service was great their Golabkis were awesome as was their buffalo chicken perogies. Oh and try the banana and Nutella perogies , pretty good.Get your dupa to this little gem for 13 styles of pierogie and golabki (stuffed cabbage) with mushroom or tomato sauce,  all homemade, before someone says daj mi buzi!This place is unreal! Authentic Polish food with amazing service. When you go in there you will see Polish grandmas in the kitchen preparing your food as your order it. I have never had better pierogis in my life. A MUST try! Will most definitely return.Saw the Pierogi Factory while driving south on Bustleton Avenue and was excited for it to open. I stopped in for a menu earlier today to find a nice and clean establishment with a few tables for an eat-in experience with waiter service or take-out. 
Being Polish, the only place to get some good authentic food means a trek down to Port Richmond. Not anymore. This place hits the spot. We got 4 different types of pierogi - buckwheat and farmers cheese, meat, Spinach with Parm, Ricotta and Farmers Cheese, and Mushroom and Sauerkraut. Choice of Pan-fried or boiled. Big fan of the Meat and Spinach. 
With the order of pierogi, you have the option of getting a side of Red Beet Broth soup for $1. With the combo we ordered, we received 3 pierogi, a golabki with choice of red or mushroom sauce, and 2 potato pancakes. The golabki was delicious with a nice combo of rice and pork. The potato pancakes were great, with onion and a nice crisp edge.  
Will definitely be heading back to try the white or smoked kielbasa and am really excited to have this great addition to the Northeast.The workers are super nice and accommodating, and the variety of pierogies is crazy! I had the broccoli cheddar and philly cheese steak pierogies, and it's definitely worth the money. They stuff it with a lot of filling and it's super crispy! I also had the potato pancake which was super crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. 
The only thing I would say is that their service is a bit slower than most restaurants I've been to, but I definitely understand since it is a smaller restaurant. 
I definitely want to try the original pierogi next time i go!The best pierogi place in North America. 
No I don't work here or know anybody here, all I know is that their food is very yummy and it makes me feel like I'm home again. 
Now go get it!Stellar Find. 
We came across this place on Yelp as I've lately had quite a craving for Eastern European food, and this place had great reviews- and I can see why. 
We arrived an hour before closing, and they were super busy- it's a little bit confusing upon entry, because there's no distinction between those who are dining in, and those who are sitting while they wait for a takeaway order. The whole restaurant has a mom-and-pop feel; according the owner, it's only been around for 1.5 years, and it's clear that it's gaining in popularity. From the way the staff interacts with guests, it feels as though the restaurant has a steady stream of regulars, and newcomers are welcomed with open arms. The walls are beautifully decorated with posters and art depicting traditional Polish dancers- it's super cozy.  
We were prompted for a place to sit, assuming that we'd come to order out, and it was a few minutes before they realised we were waiting for someone to take our order for dine in. It wasn't a problem at all, however, the staff were so genuinely friendly, and even offered to pay for our drinks for waiting! 
We ordered the smoked sausage, two cabbage rolls, and two orders of pirogies: chicken & mozzarella (the special for the day), and spinach & ricotta. They were the ultimate comfort food; the pierogies were delectably fried, with a generous savoury filling. The cheese burst from the seems, and it tastes like my theoretical Polish grandmother's comfort food. 
We just couldn't stop eating! By the time we walked out, I felt like I needed a cane just to get to the car! This is a top restaurant on our list, and we will definitely be going back. In fact, the next time we came back, the owner recognised us and immediately came over! Friendly atmosphere, great food.While I'm not exactly an expert in Polish food, I have had some experience over the years and this place sure seems authentic to me. Most everything is made in house, and the pierogi's are made to order. There are a zillion options (maybe too many!) and customizations you can make to your order and combos, so allow 15-20 minutes or call ahead. I just wish the yummy food photos on the walls were labeled, or related to the menu in a more direct way. 
Oddly enough, many locals still are unfamiliar with the word, "pierogi" and have yet to discover this treasure.Food was amazing. Plenty of different kinds of perogies. I got Philly cheese steak. Buffalo chicken and ground meat.  All delicious.We found this GEM on Ubereats or we would never have heard about it.  My husband is Polish and he was beyond amazed at the quality of the golabki with tomato sauce.   Also tried the potato pancakes and they were wonderful.   My daughter love their pierogies!   We also order extra so that we have leftovers the next day.    Also,  very friendly place and excellent customer service.   We will be back for more for sure!!Moved to the bucks county area from Northern California  We've been here a little over a year and are just getting to eat here. The Ukrainian borscht perfect tangy bite rich beet flavor. Stuffed cabbage combo with buckwheat pierogis the super friendly service. That "snap" when you cut into the kielbasa smothered in onions. Now I'm hungry all over again. IncredibleSo I was just driving past this place and was very intrigued. I told a friend about it and we decided to go for dinner. 
we both went for the combo platter with the potato pancakes which gets you 3 pierogies of your choice, 2 potato pancakes, and a stuffed cabbage with either tomato or mushroom sauce. 
every pierogie I had was delicious (the cheesesteak, the Israeli, and the original). the pancakes were also really good. the only problem was the stuffed cabbage-I'm sure it would have been delicious, but it ended up being stuffed with a mixture of pork and chicken, and my friend and I don't eat pork. the owner of the restaurant came up to our table and offered us each two pierogies of our choosing to replace the stuffed cabbage. I really wasn't expecting that, but we both took her up on her generous offer and tried the Cajun pierogies. two thumbs up!
we ended it with the cookies she (I'm assuming) was giving out to everyone.
all in all, my friend and I had a really good experience and we'd definitely go back/recommend to others.We're definitely going back to this place again. The pierogis  and golabki were delicious.I'm Italian and I love pierogies. After ordering on a very busy election day. I wondered if they would be your regular run of the mill pierogi. Far from it --They we absolutely delicious. The potato pancakes as well. Guys don't miss this spot for a change of pace you will not be disappointed. Friendly staff that cares about your meal and how it was.One of the staff asked if I wanted them fried so I said boiled for health reasons, she talked me into fried and wow they were lightly sauteed, not fried. How long can they keep up homemade pierogies made to order I wonder. Awesome......Fantastic food! Try the Nutella pierogi and the spinach or buckwheat pierogi!THE BEST KELBASI EVER!!!!!!!!  Loved the pierogies.   Amazing place. The hospitality was like being home. Thank you Adam, Pauline, et el.  I will be back again and again!!!!!!!!!i've gotten take out a few times from here, the Golabki, are pretty good i get w/ tomato sauce,the pierogi are good my only complaint on both of these are i wish they would cook them a little longer, everything is always warm not hot when it get it, maybe its the take out containers but i dont think so., the only thing i can not recommend is their Kielbasa ive tried both their smoked and fresh its too dry i assume they precook them both  and heat it up to order.Pierogies! Get in mah belly! So good.
The potato pancakes were crisp and flavorful, too.
Only four tables in the sit-down area though.While out on errands in this neighborhood, we were looking for a place to eat, and oh my God!  Could it be?!?!!?  We spotted the sign for The Pierogi Factory after checking several food establishments in the surrounding shopping centers.  My daughter, her boyfriend and I were overdue for a meal.  We walked in and saw all the large pictures of menu offerings on the walls of this clean, welcoming place.  The pictures alone got my mouth watering.  My Polish grandmother made food by hand, from scratch, including kielbasa.  She's gone from this world, God rest her soul, but the taste of her kielbasa is STILL a precious delicious memory, along with every other meal we ever ate at her house.  The ladies at this restaurant were friendly and generous with information regarding the food.  Seeing the woman not far back from the counter hand making pierogi, and hearing that the kielbasa was handmade fresh was enough to convince me to try it.  We were not disappointed in the least.  We tried cheese and potato pierogi, bacon and potato pierogi, fresh kielbasa, smoked kielbasa, and a combo platter that included pierogi, a very generous sized golabki with red sauce (there's a mushroom sauce available too), and kielbasi.  Everything, and I mean everything was so good!  I and my companions kept making sounds of pleasure as we ate, and sampled each other's food.  Even the thin slices of what tasted like homemade yeast bread were delicious.   There were generous portions of sautéed onions with everything, along with mustard for the kielbasa, and sour cream for the pierogi .  We opted to have everything pan fried instead of boiled.  Delicious!  I couldn't finish my pierogi, but my daughter and her boyfriend did.  This place is definitely a good place to get your fill of Polish food.  Visit it if you crave your Babci's cooking.Everything is delicious!  Service is great. Will definitely come back.  We tried the cheesesteak, buffalo chicken, and potato bacon pierogis,  and the latkes, kielbasa, and stuffed cabbage, as well. All delish!My first time here was yesterday 12/10. I had high expectations since growing up in a Polish family we always had the best home-cooked Polish dishes. I was it disappointed. The menu was fabulous with decent prices. 
The shop is adorable with a few tables to dine-in. The workers were extremely pleasant and welcoming. 
I ordered dinner for my whole family so I got to try many of the pierogi as well as the golabki. We ordered the broccoli & cheddar, Philly cheesesteak, spinach & buffalo chicken pierogi. Every single style was delicious. 
I will definitely be returning and I highly recommend this business to everyone!!Very clean and good place!
Owner Pani Teresa is so welcoming and friendly!!!
Tried 3 types of pierogies, potato pancakes and Borscht soup. Loved all all all!!! Could not finish all so took home a good half.
Cost me $30 for two of us, meaning the dinner and next day lunch. Not bad.
Not many restaurants around... which makes it a good place to stop and eat.Score. Best Polish I've had in ages. Delivery coming soon. Open 2 months. Get in before the place gets crowded- only 4 tables for dine-in, rest of the business is carryout. 
I had the Combo #1, with stuffed cabbage (we got the mushroom sauce), 3 pierogies (got the Israeli ones, mushroom and potato). 10/10 would do again. Ordered the pierogies pan-fried not deep-, and came out yummtastic. 
Borscht was ok. I had to skip the sour cream, might be more exciting with.Amazing flavorful pierogies! I loved seeing the homemade pans of pierogies just waiting to go into the boiling pots of water or the frying pan to be sizzled up!
The customer service was great-short wait for quality food.
And the taste- packed with potatoes and sauerkraut and fried onions on the side- delicious!
Although this is definitely a distance from home,let's just say I won't mind making the trip from time to time.
I do wish they had turkey kielbasa as opposed to pork, but I also understand the importance of remaining true to the cultural traditions.
Thanks for a great experience!Very nice place to eat. The staff is very friendly and authentic. The perogies are excellent. I like the Buffalo chicken perogies. Dine in or take out, I would recommend this comfortable family restaurant.Amazing!!!! Cheesesteak pierogis are the best! Seriously so good! All of the people who own and operate this restaurant are from Poland and take great pride in what they do! It shows in their product! Delicious! I'll def be getting them again, maybe even for a party!:)Obtained a coupon for UberEats and we decided to use it to check out Pierogi Factory. We ordered fried potato and cheese pierogis, fried potato and bacon pierogis, smoked kielbasa with sauerkraut, potato pancakes, and cheese blintzes. The two orders of pierogis were not uniquely identified on the packaging so we cut into one from each and they appeared indistinguishable. Consuming pieces from both, we never came across any bits of bacon. The pierogis were good, fried on both sides, larger in size than store bought. The kielbasa had a good smoke on it, the skin was crispy with a snap and you could taste the smoke in the meat but the kielbasa itself was a bit bland. The sauerkraut was good and helped with the flavor of the kielbasa. The potato pancakes were great. Large, good brown on them, while they appear like batter, they were full of grated potato with a hint of onion (reminded me of my mom's recipe, actually). The cheese blintzes were good, the brown on the outside was a bit overpowering for the cheese filling but their dipping sauces elevate the dish. The strawberry sauce and fudge sauce added a great deal to the dessert, especially the former as the strawberry had a very strong flavor that turned the blintze from good to very good.Let's get right into it. The potato pierogi was good, had mine fried. They could've been a little thicker though. Didn't like the cheddar broccoli at all but my wife did. I did like the white kielbasa but the smoked one was very dry and had too much of a smoke flavor. The onions were greasy and bland. Not sure if I'd go back or not. The owner was extremely gracious and warm.Went in on a whim and was totally impressed.  Clean and adorable inside, food was fabulous!  Will go back!This is probably one of the most underrated places in Northeast Philly. I was back from my trip in Germany, where uncle introduced me to Polish food, namely the Golabki (stuffed cabbage). I was pleasantly surprised to see this place existed. The restaurant is very clean and welcoming. The lighting is very warm and relaxing. It makes me feel at home when I'm eating. The staff is especially friendly. It is a family-owner restaurant so they care very much about quality.
I have ordered just about everything here, ranging from peirogies to potato pancakes. I usually do their combination platter, which consists of 3 peirogies and potato pancakes or kielbasa sausage. Don't forget to get their golabki, which pairs extremely well with mushroom gravy. I usually get pan fried peirogies with fried onions. The peirogies come in many flavors, I got potatoes, mushroom and sauerkraut and Philly cheesesteak peirogies. Each of them were distinctive and made fresh. My favorite is the golabki. The stuffed cabbage with rice and meat is light yet filling. In all, it's a fulfilling experience. Don't forget to end your meal with the Nutella banana peirories, they are to die for. Make sure you swing by anytime you're in the area!Simply delicious.  The golabkis are outstanding.  Steamed just perfectly and seasoned to perfection.  I could eat them every day.  My husband usually goes in to pick them up for me, but I went in myself this past Saturday and I was greeted warmly.  The restaurant itself is small, but felt quite homey when you walk in.  My order didn't take long.  I made this my last errand of the day so I could go right home to enjoy my golabkis.  I'll be back again soon, no doubt.  Give them a try if you haven't already.Great place, Great Food, Great Pierogies! We got buffalo chicken, Philly cheesesteak, spinach and chesse, and bacon and potatoes. All were fantastic! Along with the smoked kielbasa which was delight. Definitely a place worth to check out!Excellent cuisine and affordable price! I do love this place. Every time I am around I try to grab some pierogis ;-)This place is a hidden gem! I never would of thought to put fried onions on perogies! I ordered the potato pancakes and the original perogies. I was told 15 minutes and they were ready on time.
I went to pick up my order and everyone was really nice and the restaurant was very clean. I would say it was very welcoming. I've always loved perogies and these were absolutely delicious. They were hand made and fried to perfection. The potato pancakes were delicious also. I will definitely be a returning customer.The pierogi factory has excellent handcrafted Polish cuisine. It's homemade, fresh, and season to perfection. I can see myself gaining a hundred pounds. Can't wait to come back next week to try to pickle soup.A good place for Polish food in Northeast Philadelphia is the Pierogi Factory,  And obviously the specialty here are the pierogies which can be ordered boiled or pan-fried and come in several varieties. I tried the Mushroom & sauerkraut, Potato bacon, and Broccoli cheddar and all were tasty enough.  I also ordered a golabki in mushroom sauce which also was very decent as was the Biala (White) Kielbasa included in the combo platter.  I can't say that the Pierogi Factory is better than a couple of other Polish eateries in Philly which I have enjoyed .... and the pierogies were not quite as tasty as my go-to spot in Vienna.  But all in all, the Pierogi Factory is a good place to know about for a hearty meal in the greater Northeast of Philly.My sister Dona, her daughter Anita & I ate here last Saturday.
I told other family members about Pierogi Factory and returned with another sister, Cina & her daughter, GiGi. These two are picky eaters. 
They enjoyed Everything they tried. Dona and I were in Food Heaven!!
We Usually talk in between bites while we're eating. And we Share our food with each other. It's an unspoken rule for us. Cina and GiGi liked their food So Much, that the Sharing Rule went completely out of their minds. Before I knew it--their plates were Empty! 
This food is Sooo Good that we were actually quiet for awhile!! There was some moaning though!
The tomato sauce they put on the Golabki is Absolutely Perfect!
We could not have been welcomed any better by Adi, the Husband of this family run restaurant! They were so busy, that we didn't get to chat with Adi's wife. I'll get her name next visit. We Did have a wonderful chat with Adi!! 
They are on Facebook and Instagram. Go check Pierogi Factory out!
We drove from South Jersey for this Clearly Homemade food! 
Go Now before they Blow up and you have a 2 hour wait time!!
We will be back again and again!!!What a great little place . with 12 different pierogis to choose from and a host of other polish food thede is something for everyon. I had the combo plater which had 3pieroogis your choise plus a stuffed cabbage and a kielbasa. For 12.99 it was awsome and got to sample a couple difrent things . if in the area will defiantly stop back in . they have four tables on the inside or you can take your food to go .Had the combo, perogies, halupki and potato pancakes. Very good. Halupki comes in 2 sauce choices. Traditional tomato or mushroom. Hubby had mushroom and liked it a lot. We even bought a combo to go fir my brother in law.I'm not Polish. But you don't have to be when you know you found a Gem. Anyone who has a complaint or negative comment here probably never even had Real Polish Food. Sorry Mrs T's don't count. Anyways I will State one fact. 
The STUFFED CABBAGE aka Golabki or Golumbki is hands down !!! Hands Up. The best. Listen it's a simple dish. But simple dishes are sometimes the ones that stump chefs. The meat combination and the texture of said meat combination is off the charts. Listen Cabbage is Cabbage but I've seen restaurants even screw that up. Over cooked or undercooked. The red sauce that comes with the Stuffed Cabbage is spot on. 
The White Kielbasa is my new favorite versus the smoked kielbasa which is wildly popular. I think the flavor of the white kielbasa is much more flavorful. But that's me. White Kielbasa is harder to make and cook properly and this place nailed it. 
The Pierogis are their Staple and they are excellent. I enjoy and Prefer a Sauerkraut version of Pierogi. Sauerkraut Pierogis are sometimes hard to find so I specifically come here for them. 
Also I've never dined inside so I can not comment on that,sorry.  A small tip from me is this. I buy multiple orders of the Stuffed Cabbage they come 2 to an order. I buy 3-4 orders as I enjoy eating them later in the week or take some to work. Reheating they respond well. 
So anyone that gave a negative review or didn't get it probably thinks Ellio's Pizza is great pizza. LolThe borscht was delicious & satisfied my craving on a cold day. The huge bowl was loaded with vegetables in a tasty broth with sour cream served on the side.  It is not on the menu so be sure to ask. I don't know how much it was but I was charged much more than the $1 I saw on menus elsewhere on the internet. I don't know if they have any other soups - none were offered. I also had a combo plate with 3 potato sauerkraut & 3 potato-cheeses perogi, & smoked kielbasa. The perogi are homemade & pan fried to order with onions. There was no taste however, & no sauerkraut was detected.  No cheese flavor either & everything needed salt & pepper.  I put the kielbasa in the borscht to add some moisture to it. It had great flavor but was just over cooked. I guess my server forgot about me so I took my food to the register to be wrapped to go, & I asked for 2 containers of borscht cold to go. They poured what was left out of a saucepan on the stove and refused to give me cold even though I kept explaining I needed it cold. They insisted they were out of borscht, at 3:00 Saturday afternoon. If it had not taken so long to get mine with my meal I could believe they had no more, but my soup was reheated as was the soup for the table that came in later.  My review is "Eh" for ok service til she forgot, bland but homemade food, and embarrassment trying to buy cold soup. Good for quick unexciting neighborhood meal though.Excellent pierogis. You can mix and match types which is great for those of us who can't decide.  My husband had smoked kielbasa with onions which he said was very good.  Surprised that they had frozen fries though!Fresh made pierogi. As good as your bubbe/babcia would make. friendly staff. I will be stopping again real soon. This trip I had the potato/sauerkraut and potato/Bacon. Both were so good they almost didn't make it home.I excellent food and atmosphere at very reasonable pricing.  Highly Highly recommend if you are looking for delicious Polish Cuisine!I have not eaten pierogies & golabki this good since my grama made them in her kitchen. I ordered thru uber eats so I have not visited the actual restaurant but either way I'll be eating their food on a regular basis.Maybe my taste buds were off because all of the other reviews and Polish customers seem to love the cuisine here, but I didn't exactly get the hype. My brother stopped by to try it and got an order of potato bacon Pierogi as well as there of their potato pancakes. They were brought out freshly fried and hot, the pierogis with the caramel onions and the pancakes with some sour cream as expected. The pierogis were a bit oily and could've been crisper but were pretty tasty, and the onions well caramelized. The potato pancakes were also fried well but somewhat bland and one-note; maybe I just didn't know what to expect.
I was a bit disappointed that they ran out of the stuffed spinach by the time we got there because all the reviews seem to rave about it, so next time time I'll come try it or one of their kielbasas.This is my second time here and I got the dozen pierogies, the place is very clean and the owners are extremely nice. I would recommend this to my family and friends!I have read a few negative reviews for this place, but my daughter visited & said she was satisfied so I tried it myself. I wasn't blown away, but I was pleasantly surprised. The pierogies were fried to my liking (a firmer browned shell) and were delicious. The kielbasa was cooked well but lacked a strong flavor. Not a deal breaker but I still prefer Port Richmond for that. The counter was staffed by a pleasant & patient woman who took my order, let me modify it (by asking for all pierogies fried). I will return here when the craving hits again.Had a dozen cheddar pierogis with sauteed onions and sour cream. They were pretty good, but not great. Somehow how the overall taste did not pop for me. Was disappointed that they did not offer frozen ones for home cooking. A dozen were priced at $11.99.Such a intimate little dinning room that puts you right in eastern Europe. Incredibly friendly staff and really delicious food.  Loved it.Went here for lunch and it was really great. The staff is very kind and the place is very clean. The menu has a lot of variety and everything is delicious. We ordered the kielbasa combo platter, potato bacon perogies, cheese steak perogies which were amazing !! And Nutella perogies . Everything was delicious.Came here recently to check out, of course, the Pierogi, for some take out.  It's a small place with about four tables in a strip mall.  Over the counter, I witnessed the magic being handcrafted in the back with many tufts of noodles being stuffed and folded over with care.  
They have several choices of "insides" for the pierogi and some try to play on Philadelphia, like a Cheesesteak version.  I'd stick with the Polish regulars.  I ordered about six different types and the staff packed them all separately to avoid having a random selection draw upon eating.
Have to say that they were ready when they said they would be after being freshly cooked, and I also went with some potato pancakes as an afterthought.  I'm glad I did.
The whole family was so appreciative when Dad came home with dinner of a whole bunch of pierogi!  All the choices made; some meat, some vegetable were all hits.  The potato pancakes would have been better eating them right out of the fryer, but they survived the ride home and still were not too turned to mush.  
Even though some choices of pierogi were sold out, all was good.  Relatively inexpensive, definitely tasty and filling!  I'd recommend these over the frozen boxed ones anytime.  Take the time to come on out and get fresh!  The restaurant also has other Polish items, so I'd like to try those someday.The Best Pierogies, Borscht, Stuffed Cabbage & Blintzes at Pierogi Factory!!
That Stuffed Cabbage was Amazing!!! Actually Everything we ate was Absolutely Delicious! The owners told us how they make Everything from Scratch! Very Nice People!!
Can't wait to go back again--Soon!! #pierogifactory #pierogies #stuffedcabbage #momandpoprestaurants #girlsnight #familytimeI had a platter (combo) plate with stuffed cabbage, Philly cheesesteak pieorgi, and kielbasa...  It was fantastic!  Good atmosphere, reasonably quick, great price - can dine in or carry out.The Pierogi Factory makes authentic pierogis, with several fillings available. The food is great and very filling. It can take a while to prepare your food, so be patient. It's worth the wait! The price is reasonable, considering the quality of the food.  The dining room area is small, with limited seating. 
I took one star away because the selection of soft drinks leaves a lot to be desired. 
The food is top-notch; I know we'll be fairly frequent visitors!Food had a horrible aftertaste like it was cooked in dirty water. I threw it out. Will never order from them again.Seriously this place was incredible. I had Ukrainian perogis. Stuffed cabbage in mushroom sauce and a Kielbasa with sauerkraut. It was all flawless. I'll be back for sure.I came here with my boyfriend recently because we were having a mean pierogi craving. We searched around the area and found that this place was specifically dedicated to pierogis! Now, that's very rare. We were so glad that we took the short drive to this little establishment. There was only one table to sit down and eat, and we were starving, so we ate right in the restaurant.
We ordered six of the Philly cheesesteak pierogis and six of the potato and bacon pierogis. We opted for onions on top and sour cream on the side. The Philly cheesesteak pierogis were our preferred dish, and they really encapsulated a Philly cheesesteak in a golden-brown, delicious pierogi. The potato bacon pierogis were also really good, although they were a bit on the dry side. With the addition of the onions and sour cream, though, both were excellent overall. I would absolutely return!I'm thinking these pierogis must be much better not as takeout because they did not travel well at all. They were beyond greasy, practically dripping. The cheddar jalapeño were really good flavor wise. Potato pancakes were okay but so so so greasy. I absolutely do not recommend the crab Rangoon ones (seemed risky to begin with but anyway) they were not crab but the chopped up fake crab stick with the overwhelming fishy flavor - good idea, horrible execution.I had a combination platter, 3 pierogis,stuffed cabbage, and kielbasa. It was ehhh, not horrible but not great. Never dined in, not sure if the take out is a different quality factor but it seems like my food sat around and then reheated.Authentic polish cuisine  super delicious I always get the buffalo chicken perogies. But everything else on the menu is also very good! The owners are very sweet too!