Although the owner can have a bit of an attitude  (when asked about ingredients) the pierogies are beyond awesome!!It's unique and delicious.
Best mushroom soup I've ever had.   And I've had a decent amount of mushroom soups.  :)
Oh and the buffalo bleu pierogies...are probably some of the best pierogies I"ve had.First of all, I need to preface that I'm not that big of a pierogie fan, so I'm definitely not a connoisseur of pierogies in any shape or form.  However, the pierogies here are definitely tasty and much much better than any ones you can buy at the local grocery store.  
The "stackers" or sandwiches with pierogies are where you really get your money's worth.  You get a large sandwich with a little bit of sour cream and sauerkraut that is enough to fill up anyone; the prices range from 6-8 dollars.  I highly recommend the PK stacker!
Pierogies are probably 6 out of 10.
Sandwiches are around a 7.5 out of 10.
(These scales are on an overall "good food in general" scale, not any specific scales).Is this place still in business? Drove out here to find it closed. It's 2pm on Monday April 18th. 
Well not sure what happened on my first visit, but went back and got some great pierogis. Will definitely be back.Stopped in this morning for first time.  Fought traffic backups on the blue route and the schuylkill to get there.  Told my wife these pierogies better be worth it.......and they were.   Tried several varieties.  My favorite was the potato,cheese and onion while my wife enjoyed the potato and cheese.  Put the cheese steak in the freezer for later consumption.  Bonus: they sell Stock's pound cake whole or by the slice.   Service was with a smile and very nice...was a win-winGreat place if you know what to expect.  This is a take-out joint - you can either bring your order home to cook or they can give it to you ready to go.  The staff seems kind of indifferent and the place looks like it's been under renovation for a quite a while. I didn't know that we couldn't dine in, so we ended up eating in the car. We may have also gone to the nearby CVS to get more sour cream...I admit nothing....
All that being said - wow.  Great pierogi.  My classic (potato/cheddar/onion) was fab and I was impressed by the variety offered in addition. We had a weird experience but they were so tasty I will definitely be back.Much more than meets the eye.
OM nom nom. Wow, this place is great. I had a sauerkraut pierogie sandwich. Definitely more than enough kraut, but it was definitely perfection. The pierogie is definitely a cherry on top.
They also have tons of Polish bread which look oh so freaking delicious. I regret not getting one.
If you have ever dreamt of any type of pierogie, this place has them. The price is more than fair and everyone is very friendly!Rarely do I find something in Philadelphia I think is better than anything I have had in New York, my most favorite place in the world, but Pierogie Kitchen is amazing.  The potato mushroom horseradish pierogies are the best I have ever had and this is after living in the Polish neighborhood of Greenpoint, Brooklyn for almost 3 years.
I brought home a bag of Kraut Kielbasa pierogies and he told me I am a fantastic wife.  He said they were "bombass."
I can't wait to go again next week.I was very disappointed in this place. My family and i were all craving perogies. I decided to give the pk a try. I ordered your basic fried potato perogies for a quick family meal. Right away I was suspicious, their interpretation of fried is sauteing in tons of butter on an electric griddle. Mine is deep frying in oil. I though OK, let me give them the benifit of the doubt. Nope, I should of stuck with my gut feeling and just said nevermind. 
We were so looking forward to a nice warm crispy perogie with a delicious potato filling. Instead we were served a batch of soggy,grease dripping, semi tasty perogies. When I got them home just a few short blocks away my family  argued with me that they were not fried perogies.instead they insisted they were grease laiden pockets of mush.  Needless to say I opened up a box of miss P's and made the whole family happy, with warm crispy great tasting perogies. 
The dogs however enjoyed a dinner from the perogie kitchen....oh wait, at least  one of them did. the other one got sick n had the runs.We went to this place a few times.  Honestly, not a huge fan of the hot pierogies from the store... they're soggy.   I actually think that's how they're supposed to be made, but I'm not a big fan.  Anyway, I much prefer to buy frozen pierogies from them, bring them home, and pan fry them so they're nice and crispy!  So good!  I love pretty much every flavor I've tried.  Also, they started selling the frozen ones at the ACME on Ridge Ave., which is super convenient, since PK doesn't have the best hours.  Since I only want frozen ones anyway, it's perfect!Delicious pierogi and decent potato pancakes... which resembled South Asian potato fritters more than latkes, but tasty nonetheless! Would appreciate apple sauce with the potato pancakes though.
Definitely get some frozen pierogi to go!While I have never actually gone inside the Pierogie Kitchen, my boyfriend frequently (at my request) brings me home pierogies for lunch and boy, do I LOVE them!
I love the Philly cheesesteak one the best (it comes with fried onions on the outside!), as well as the buffalo blue cheese and the garlic herb.
My boyfriend's favorite thing on the menu is a pierogie spicy chicken sandwich, which he eats because it's "manly".
We also got the frozen pierogies once and they cooked up great, I fried them and they were perfect. It's a great option for a weeknight meal, especially since they are not open past 6. 
I highly, highly recommend the Pierogie Kitchen!Pierogi bliss. This place is my lunch treat at work.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is because you never know what pierogies they'll have.  Some type of website with up-to-date pierogi selections might be great.So happy that Pierogie Kitchen ships!  Anyone who's made pierogies knows that it's a labor of love.  For our family, home made pierogie is a Christmas tradition and the only time during the year that we make them.    So far I've sampled the potato/sauerkraut and farmer's cheese pierogies.  Pretty darn close to the way my babci made them.  The dough is very thin and delicate and doesn't overpower the fillings.  Preparing them couldn't be easier.  One minute in the microwave and 6 minutes to saute them in a frying pan.  Delicious. I purchased other brands of pierogie and found Pierogie Kitchen to be the next best thing to home made.I attend Philadelphia University right down the road from this adorable blue building. However, after over a year of living so close I finally came by.
They have a broad selection of items to choose from including savory and sweet pierogies with a mixture of other tradition food like stuffed cabbage. Additionally, being a vegetarian they offer numerous options to decide from. The downside is they have a short supply on hand so they sell out of most items by afternoon. So, come early for the goodies! 
I ate and eggplant sandwich topped with farmer's cheese pierogies, diced tomatoes, Parmesan sauce, spinach, breaded eggplant, and provolone cheese on and kaiser roll. My mother had a spicy chicken sandwhich with chicken, jalapeño cheddar pierogies, bacon, melted cheddar, caramelized onions, garlic pepper mayo. The food was out of this world. We had a wonderful meal.
The only downsides are the lack of options due to sell out, how expensive some of the food is in comparison to the amount you get, and an unfortunate bug problem they seem have in the front of the store.I loved this place... Pierogie's are amazing
Just dont like their hours because they close early but the food is good
I got buffalo chicken pierogie and ones with potato onions jalapeno.... loved it
DIDNOT GET A CHANCE TO TRY THEIR SANDWICHES.....yet
Cons: I wish this was a sit down place instead of takeout with 1 table to sit and eat. And their drinks/soda selection is limitedThis was a small humble establishment that I stumbled upon while in Germantown. The perky owner welcomed me graciously as she asked some probing questions into my palate and appetite. Based on our discussion, I went for 6 jalapeño cheddar pierogies, with a side of sauerkraut and a side of kielbasa. The dumplings were probably some of the best I've had. Moist, yet not soggy. Firm yet never hard. A delicate chew that was never too chewy. Hot yet not piping steam hot. The inside filling contained high quality ingredients that blended together yet stood out individually. The jalapeño had some kick, but it was considerably tamed down for the northerners lol. The cheese was bold but never overwhelming. The sour cream and caramelized onions only made it better by tenfold! The sauerkraut was good, but they give you quite a bit. This was some vinegary, punchy sauerkraut that doesn't wimp out on acidity. With that in mind, I didn't eat as much since it was a little much. It didn't help that they serve it warm, but if I didn't already scarf down a cheese steak, I would have finished it. The kielbasa was a real treat, from its snappy casing to its bold, pork flavor. I would have ordered a bigger portion if I didn't already have other reservations elsewhere. Overall, I was highly pleased with this place. If you are a fan of pierogies, this should be an absolute must for visiting, even if you are 20 miles within driving distance.Ermaghered Beckys! These li'l crescents of comfort might put you in a temporary food coma, but that's only because food this well made and tasty should transport you to a happy place, where you float just above your body ... unbound by the limits of fitted clothes and carb counting.
I don't even know how I've lived this close for so long and have never popped in. It was probably the ghost of girl-you-know-you-is-prone-to-extreme-weight-gain future telling me not to tempt myself, but that's all done now! Popped in today for lunch with a friend and promptly took over the one li'l cafe table with two chairs. The place is tiny and perfunctory. Clearly people like to stuff their faces with pierogies in the comfort of their own homes and not in public.
Respect.
A lot of people call ahead for their lunch orders, and given that the deliciousness is made to order and the wait space is pretty small, you may want to do the same. The menu is awesome and pretty self-explanatory: get you some frozen delights to go home and warm and serve, or get 'em served hot. There are also soups and other fixin's my culturally adventurous self haven't explored yet (Borscht I'm looking at you), but I can proudly say that today I did try both the pierogies AND a sammich - I mean stacker, as they call 'em in the Kitchen.
YOU GUYS. I went in with my lips fixed on the devouring the original PK stacker, but Lawd! they were out of kielbasa. When I tell you that my spirit knows this sandwich is my destiny ... anyway, determined to wrap my mind around how you can put a pierogie on some bread with other ingredients, I ordered the spicy chicken stacker.
[WHEN IS YELP GONNA LET ME GIF Y'ALL WITH MY WHOLE LIFE?! Because I so desperately want to insert a damsel doing a wall slide + Fantasia Barrino punching the air (google gif it) + all the Klumps herculesing at the dinner table.] 
This mug came out piping hot with the carmelized onions, melted cheddar and bacon cascading off the chicken cutlets the way glacier bits be melting. :::slow motion for me, slow motion for me::: I'm all outta words to tell y'all how scrumdiddlyumptious this stacker/sammich was. Just bereft. You just gotta go one day when you extree hungry and get one for yourself.
The service is outstanding. Not only are the local regulars who pop in with their standing orders friendly and funny, but the staff is amazing. So sweet and accommodating and patient with people like me who don't know exactly how to place a to-go order for the warm and serve  deliciousness.
Like, now that I've been? I can say with my whole heart, that apart from them having operating hours that are just more convenient, I drove by the standing room only siege at Dalessandro's and just shook my head. Those hungry souls have no idea what they're missing just a few blocks up the street.Absolutely amazing! I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally did! I got the Buffalo Blue Chicken pierogies! I love them...I will definitely be going back...I didn't know about all of the sandwiches either...those are on my list for next time! Rockin'!!!During holidays you have to pre-order, but try them once, and you'll understand why they sell out. Nothing short of amazing.I purchased the frozen spinach and potato and cheese pierogies. They were delicious! 
It was easy to prepare them, I just added onions and a dollop of butter to the pan. 
I loved the traditional potato and cheese, but everyone was fighting over the spinach ones! 
The perfect meals to keep in the freezer, especially with winter approaching!Very nice staff and great pierogies! Get the fresh ones not the frozen if you can.Our family has tried many varieties of their pierogies and we love them all!  Highly recommended!Had these for dinner! One of my friends bought different frozen ones and cooked them. I got a hot meal delivered because my friend is the best and I am being spoiled haha. 
But let's talk pierogies. The potato cheddar onion was pretty good, classic flavors. The broccoli cheddar one was a tad saltier for my liking but not too bad. The Maryland crab was good but I wish it wasn't mixed with other flavors, I wanted to taste the crab a little more. 
My favorite tho I have to say was the stuffed cabbage. It was so delicious. The cabbage was sweet with just a tad of bitterness and the pork stuffing was to die for. 
Overall I thought the place was okay. I do want to try more flavors since they sell many different kind. I also want to try and go buy them fresh and ready to eat just to compare to the frozen ones. 
And I am definitely coming back for the stuffed cabbage!I bought a Groupon for Pierogie Kitchen because my husband has Ukrainian heritage and is always whining for pierogies; I don't have the patience to make such things and I wanted to get him something better than Mrs. T's.
The Groupon was a large one, so it allowed me to get a few dozen frozen and a cooked order for lunch with just a little out of my pocket. 
Not sure if they made changes since 'Vega X' visited, or they were just there on a bad day, because my cooked pierogies were awesome (I got the Cheesesteak) - the caramelized onions were the icing on the cake.
I picked up some frozen from their "sweet" menu and when I asked for some of their sweet cream, she was kind enough to just tell me how to make it, which gave me more money to spend on pierogies :-)
I will definitely be back!!
Pierogie Kitchen:  If you are reading this, you need to put your contact info on your website, and you need to get yourself on FaceBook.  I am saying this as a customer that would love to see updates on FaceBook on what's available (so I can get my hands on some of those chocolate pierogies).My husband and I love these pierogies. My favorite is Philly Cheesesteak but the loaded baked potato is awesome. I am not as big of a fan of their sweet pierogies, but they aren't bad. Just be sure to get there early so that you can get the flavors you want. We had to get some with horseradish once and I do not like horseradish. My husband and I think we are going to make this a monthly destination or at least get it when we go shopping at ACME since they sell them frozen there.While the exterior of this place looks cute and inviting, the interior is quite the opposite.  Behind the counter was dirty, dusty and cluttered.  Cleaning supplies sitting out but not looking touched.  It was like the place had been closed for a while but opened that day to get rid of left over product. My sister and I ordered frozen pierogies despite some trepidation.  Whatever they rested the parboiled pierogies on prior to freezing was stuck all over so I had to spend extra time cleaning them.   Tasty as they were, I will not be going back unless big changes happening.Absolutely delicious pierogis! It was also Easter weekend when I went in so they had some delicious cheese babka made. The only issue with is when you go in they usually are sold out or haven't made about half the flavors listed on the menu so don't get your hopes up on one certain flavor. If you really want something try and order the day before so they'll definitely have it.I've only had pierogies once before coming here and was blown away by the quality! We got cheesesteak and mushroom pierogies, both sauted in onions, and both delicious! For about $9 per dozen, you can get a pretty good fill. 
Cons: theres only two tables inside, and can fit only about 5 people in the entire joint.I was in town for Philadelphia's first annual Cheesesteak Festival™ and came across the Pierogie Kitchen booth/truck. Let me tell you, I didn't expect this to be the best thing I shoved into my mouth all day!!! By time I made my way over there I was able to try two of their spectacular creations. The Philly Cheesteak pierogie that was sauteed with butter and onions, seved with sour cream was to die for. Seriously. I also had another one that was topped with a red sauce, I wouldn't call it salsa but equally as amazing. I fully intend on visiting again on my next trip to Philly. An absolute must stop when I'm in town for now on.Great 'homemade ' pierogies. I ate in and had the potato cheddar ones. I felt bad, and they made sure that I was ok with them, since I couldn't finish them. They didn't have my first choice, but I was fine because that means that whatever you get is fresh and they aren't making tons of pierogies and freezing them for months! 
They are fresh and delicious. I will be back. They had nice browned onions and sour cream, just like Grandma would make, if she cooked!Yum! Great stuff (though I'm not a peirogie expert admittedly). Especially liked the jalapeno cheddar and chocolate ones. It's take out (one table inside and one out) so you are prepared.Is this place still in business? Drove out here to find it closed. It's 2pm on Monday April 18th. Inside looks normal, but door locked and "closed" sign in window. 
BummerI went there for the first time Christmas week and they were pretty much sold out of every variety posted on the board, but what I did get, Spinach & Jack cheese was very good.  I also purchased the cheddar and onion and they too, were very tasty.  I am looking forward to trying them again when they have the dessert pierogies available and more of the others.Must try. These where very good. They make them to order so plan on a little wait or call ahead. There is no where to eat in these are a grab and go kinda place but sooooo worth it.  The cheese steak one are very good.Totally de-lish perogies. just go.  We had the chicken sandwich with jalepeno perogies and a plate of 6 perogies (3 stuffed potato and 3 meat and cheese).  Everything was just dripping with yummy taste and sauce, so satisfying!  This is mainly a take out joint so there is one small table with 2 chairs inside and one table with 4 chairs on their side deck.  It was hot inside and out but the deck seemed just a little more bearable (no AC inside, I feel for the workers!).  Also note that they are not open on Sunday or Monday.  The guys behind the counter were very nice.Apparently my one star review was removed. I guess the truth hurts.
The pierogies here are sad. The dough is so thin they can't be handled and they are sold out of most menu items.
I'll be going back to the Krakus market in port richmond from now on.HUGE fan. Possibly HUGEST fan?
I've always complained that Philadelphia is a deadzone for pierogies! Originally from Berks county, pierogies have been one of my favorite foods for years.
If you can get out here, do it. They have some tables outside where you can enjoy your Original PK Stacker (kraut, farmer's cheese pierogies, kielbasa, mustard, on rye with babka for dessert). Sandwiches with pierogies? Who else is doing that?! The bf is a big fan of the spicy chicken stacker - and so are a lot of others, it has its own unaffiliated Facebook page. You might want to get it to go, though, as it could take some time to get through the whole sandwich! Savory and sizable!First visit. Very nice staff. Yesterday picked up frozen pierogie for home. Today started eating our way through the four dozen we bought. Sautéed onions and added some of the Old Fashioned Sauerkraut and Three Cheese Pepperoni (pizza in a pierogie!). Both flavors are fabulous. Legit great sauerkraut pierogie. (What I make when I have the inclination to make homemade Pierogie.) Looking forward to trying the two other flavors we picked up, Buffalo Blue Chicken and Mushroom Potato Horseradish. Definitely need to go back and try more things. Lastly, Stocks pound cake slices on the counter proved too tempting to pass up. Sometimes instant gratification is necessary.I am going to try to be as fair as I can (and usually am :) about this. I first went here in October following a Groupon, and I only took frozen pierogies home. They were out of most types, so I chose Jalapeno Cheddar Potato and Baked Potato flavors.
The frozen pierogies are quite good, no doubt about it. Although having said that, the Jalapeno Cheddar Potato have no Jalapenos in them, or perhaps technically have some but add next to nothing to the flavor. That was a disappointment. Still, I don't mind it. Potato-Cheddar-Onion is cheesy and has no semblance of onions in it. Spinach & Something is meh. 
I decided then to go to the place and try eating in, and my experience was hugely disappointing, to put it mildly. The reason I went to eat-in was to see how they serve the pierogies, and not being a connoisseur or long-time pierogie consumer myself, wanted to know how they serve it. And I came away thinking that in my tiny kitchen with minimal ingredients, I do a stunningly better job. Let me elaborate:
1. Yes the pierogies are cooked, but they're cooked poorly. They're sauted in butter, but its more like warmed up in a skillet than any measure of cooking. Perhaps that is how its supposed to be, but I find my own way of sauteing them such they're slightly browned much better! 
2. They're smothered in butter. Now, any chef will tell you that one way of making any food taste better is to smother it in butter or cheese. Why do these guys do that? The pierogies by themselves are flavorful, the butter adds volumes to making them seem spectacularly unhealthy. (I am sure the pierogies by themselves pack a punch, so I would urge them to hold the butter. If I were eating there again, which thankfully I won't be doing, I would make sure I tell them to hold the butter.)
3. The caramelized onions are a joke. Yes they're caramelized to the extent they've gone red, but there's nothing special about them at all - no pepper or seasoning, or anything that would make them a special companion. My disappointment was also that they give a tiny quantity of them. If you'd like me to order a side of caramelized onions so that you can make some more $$s off them, please don't claim that they're a legit companion. 
4. The mushroom soup had enough salt in it to compete with a KFC double-down. 
So what do I do different at home? (1) Roast them more, (2) Use olive oil instead of butter, (3) Help myself to more onions and also use cabbage. 
Anyway, I say take some frozen pierogies home with you, don't even think for one second about eating here. Price-wise, its a no-brainer as well. Do a better job at your home with the pierogies than these guys do and enjoy!First time eating perogies and tried their potato cheddar jalopeno and the sweet potato variaties. Dough was excellent! Well seasoned and pan fried to a nice crisp. Service was great as well, it has hot and humid but the server took his time explaining our options. They have the option to take home frozen perogies as well. Good spot overall, will recommend if you have a craving for potato dumplings.Try the loaded baked potato - You will fall in love.  It seems that there is no bacon in it, but it has bacon flavor... I just ignored my kosher ways for a day :-\
I high recommend it - excellent.  Just as a note... This is a take out only type of place... There is a small table with two chairs inside but I'd advise planning on taking them to go... Maybe when it is warmer outside they will have tables outside, but its blizzard mode right now.
Pierogies are A+++ (Even my Polish friend agreed)This place is really cute. It's very small and somewhat of a hike getting to but definitely worth the trip. While they only had half of their inventory... (due to freezer issues) I still felt very satisfied with what I could get. My husband and I tried the loaded pierogies and the buffalo chicken pierogies and we got (frozen) potato and onion and garlic and herb pierogies to go. I like that fact that you can get these items to go and it only requires very simple cooking instructions. I look forward to making them. This place will forever be one of the many stops I make when I visit Philadelphia. I look forward to trying more flavors in the future.Love the Polish foood....impressed my husband's Polish family with the pierogie specialites for the holidays. Yummy food.Loved the pierogies. Many different types...traditional and gourmet. Small place. No seating. Take out only. Employees were very nice to talk to. Great overall.Stumbled on this place accidentally and boy am I glad!! The pierogies are amazing. I have had them cooked here for lunch (amazing!!) and bought the frozen ones to take home - not as good as the ones cooked on the premises but much better than any other "home made" pierogies I have ever been able to find. The maryland blue crab ones are my absolute favorite. If you have never tried pierogies this is the place to try them (coz you will really like them!!)
This place should be referred to as a hole in the wall (very small, reeks of pierogies, etc) but it is so charmingly cute with the yellow awning I find it adorable. The prices are really reasonable too!!Don't know why I've never stopped here before but I will be going back very soon. Super awesome lunch, ate at a table outside (there are a few), and then took things home to eat later. All excellent and authentic.excellent variety of artery-clogging deliciousness. all kinds of pierogies and pierogie sandwiches. however, not a fan of their thick potato pancake.I have to admit that I not a huge pierogie fan....i like them, but not crazy about them.....but this place changed my views. I am ADDICTED to their spicy chicken sandwich....in my book, its the worlds BEST sandwich, its always a 'pick me up' when I am feeling down. Its made with a spicy grilled chicken, jalapeno pierogies, bacon, their special mayo, caramelized onions on their bread......its yuum yum yum and probably the best lunch you can buy under 7 dollars!!! Its also probably a gazillion calories and not very good for me....but boy is it good for me!! 
I live half a block away from this place and that is good and bad...( if you know what I mean) 
I take everyone who comes to visit me for lunch there and they all agree.
love it....only problem with this place is that they dont carry many drinks (if any sometimes) So its better to come with one or take it home. Also since they make their  p's evvery day, not all of them listed on their menu are available all the time.....but trust me....anyone of them is better than the other...so never a miss
LOVE IT!!!
in fact all this talk is making me hungry for one....gong to get one right nowAll kinds of excellent pierogies!! They freeze great. If you want them to taste perfect. Boil them for a few minutes then sauté them in butter and onions. They sell some entrees but they tend to disappoint. Outside of going to Port Richmond this is a go to destination.Cute little place. I got the perogies with cheese and sauteed onions. They were on pointUsually I have to go all the way to Port Richmond for pierogies, which is why The Pierogie Kitchen in Roxborough had been on my list for a while as a closer alternative.  Though I missed the Polish granny vibes you'd get in Port Richmond, it's a cute shop. It is really set up for take out purposes , which we didn't know going in. Far enough from home and too hungry to wait, we ate at the sole customer table anyway.  
The idea of a pierogie inside a sandwich was too decadent to pass up. Also, the Original Stacker sandwich comes with all the things you might want from a basic Polish meal, potato and cheddar pierogies, mustard, and  sauerkraut. For $7.50 this is a really filling sandwich with a fully stuffed pierogie on each sandwich half and an ample amount of flavorful smoked kielbasa. This sandwich packs in a real buttload of kraut, almost too much for me and I love the stuff. It's easy enough to scrape it to the side if need be.  Does a pierogie need to be in a sandwich? I wouldn't give that a definite yes, all of the ingredients could have been enjoyed separately but this was a cost efficient way to get a bit of everything. Plus,  if you value a more vertical meal, with a bit of everything in each bite, this is for you. 
Even with the small menu, there were a lot of items I wish I had room to try (Mushroom Potato Horseradish pierogie, borsht), so I'll have to come back. But I couldn't pass up on the Chocolate Ganache Pierogies. Though I wish the dough was a little sweeter to match, the hot, oozy chocolate was decedent. It even worked cold when I got hungry again a few hours later.I am Polish and I know my pierogies. I bought about 20 packages of different flavors. I was so excited.
After trying two packages it all went into the trash can. 
Perhaps they are pierogies, but not Eastern European, for sure. 
Sorry to say but I won't be spending my money in there.
So far I found good pierogies with meat (my fave) and other with cheese in ardmore - European food Worx 
I hope they will continue to have them in stock They are delicious, but it's far for me so I can only go once a month and stock up...Amazing variety
Never been here before and passed by this place quite a few times. When I walked in I was surprised at how many varieties there were to choose from, but being from Philly I picked out the cheese steak pierogies and added some onions on top of it. 
Well all I can say is wow. This place is cool and my wife loved them. Check it out and see for yourself.amazing and unique creations.  The menu keeps expanding too!  I wish I could make it here for lunch more often.
FYI, they now sell these pierogies in frozen form in the Roxborough Acme in the section that used to be fresh pasta.I would have given the purveyor of these little pockets of Polish potato paradise a higher rating, but consistency has become an issue. As a neighbor of the Kitchen you can imagine the number of times laziness has pulled me down the block to score some pierogie action, and once they started offering sandwiches that amount just multiplied (which is how I began to notice the discrepancies). Come here and order just pierogies and you will always be happy (they deserve five stars), but ordering the stacker may leave you feeling very disappointed; many a sandwich has been served to me with super dry/ uber charred meat, and the extra grease only makes it worse. Still, I am much more happy living next to some Polaski eating than I ever was with the ice cream shop that dwelt there before it.
p.s.- very limited drink selectionI tried two different pierogies, 6 for $7 each:
* Potato onion: classic, and I like that the texture inside is like a chunky mashed potato
* Savory pumpkin pierogies: this was the reason I came! I saw a sign in the window and I love pumpkin everything. It's not pumpkin spice flavor, but rather pumpkin and sage.
This place is small but cute. We took our food to go, but if you wanted to eat there, know there is only dining space outside. After we ordered, we saw them open their freezer next to the register and take out our pierogies, so that would probably explain why they were a little soggy while delicious. That's my only reason for giving 4 instead of 5 stars.I stopped here on the way home and picked up six freshly made pierogies to go. I live only a few minutes away and they were lukewarm at best. The center of the pierogies and the onions were cold. The onions were not caramelized...another minute or two in the pan and they probably would have been much better.
I got the jalapeño and cheese but there was only a hint of jalapeño...didn't even have a little bit of a kick (I understand that part is just my personal preference). 
Inside, there is a sign indicating that they are undergoing renovations. However, it seemed more like they stopped halfway through and never got around to finishing. There is no seating, the place could use a good dusting, and should probably wash the black tablecloth where they have baked goods for sale.
All of that said, I will probably be back. It is still a good value for when I want somewhere close by and don't feel like cooking at home.I go to school around the corner from here so it's often I stop by to pick up a couple dozen pierogies. There are so many flavors - anything from traditional potato and cheese filling to cheesesteak to chocolate. I haven't tried one that I didn't like.
The pierogies are sold by the dozen, pre-cooked and frozen. I defrost the pierogies at home, sautee them in a pan with butter and onions, then serve hot with a side of sour cream and applesauce.
You can eat at Pierogie Kitchen if you can grab a spot at the 2 tables inside, but it's pretty clear they aren't focusing on having an eat-in restaurant.
The workers are super friendly and helpful. The reason I had to take a star off is because, although opening at 10 am, half their menu is usually gone by noon. I know the place and certain flavors are popular, but I feel they should compensate better for the demand.From the reviews, I hyped myself up for a killer treat. I got an order of 6 pierogies for $5.62, three spinach-jack and three of the dessert chocolate ganache. The caramelized onions were delicious and the pierogies were good but not mind-blowing. Biggest complaint is how excessively oily they were. They were a bit overpriced as well.  Seems like just a good place to buy pre-made frozen pierogies where I can cook them myself at home.Miss this place! Always great food. Only reason cant give a 5 star is the always run out, and I had been going there close to four years, they never had the crab pierogies in!I have been wanting to try the Pierogie Kitchen for a while and I really wanted to love it.  My friend lives nearby so we made plans to get some dinner here on Friday night.
I drove an hour to my friend's house in Roxborough (rush hour on a Friday) and we arrived a little after 5.  I was disappointed to find out that the majority of the pierogies were already sold out.  I was really looking forward to trying a dessert piergoie but none were left.  
So I settled with a potato and kraut pierogie.  Don't get me wrong, it was a good pierogie- but I could get a flavor like that anywhere.  All the interesting flavors were already gone.  Perhaps if I lived closer and could make it here early in the day, I would have better luck.The food, especially the perogies, is great.  Be warned though, not everything on the menu is always available.  These guys make the perogies by hand at home every day, and when they're out, they're out. We went for a late lunch one day and the selection was very limited.  Also, after the lunch rush, they had only one person working and he couldn't handle it alone - we waited about 30 minutes for a take out lunch, which is way too long in my opinion.Starches filled will starch and fat and fried in fat and topped with another fat?
Yes please.
It's hard to say no to European empanadas.
PRO:
-Sooo delicious. We had Potato & cheese, and Potato, Mushroom & horseradish. Both fried in butter and topped with onion along with sour cream. Holy smokes they are so good.
-Service with a smile. The young lady behind the counter was as pleasant as could be, despite our assuredly stupid questions and the fact that she was standing around a million degree building all day.
-Take away frozen pierogies!
-Really cute outdoor seating area.
CON:
-soooooo hot. It was early July and there was no AC. I was a sweaty little hoglet. But that's nothing compared to the poor people they had working there. I cannot imagine frying pierogies over a range in a room that's gotta be 100 degrees.
-They don't actually have every option listed on the website. They have a list of what's available when you walk in.I love pierogis so when I heard of this place, I knew I had to try it. Delicious!! It was well worth the wait and I will be back for more.I'm a Pittsburgh native (and boy do we love our pierogies in pittsburgh!), but my favorite pierogies by far are from this little place in Philadelphia. The first time I ate there was when my fiancé insisted I try them. I fell in the with the buffalo chicken pierogie. What I crave most though is the PK Stacker!
I bug my fiancee to go to the Pierogie Kicthen everytime I am in town.The pierogi skins are gossamer-thin and delicate. I think next time I will gently steam them and serve with melted butter and sour cream.  I'm kind of a traditionalist for potato and cheese variety.  Good quality products for very reasonable prices.A friend brings me the frozen pierogies from PK. Since they are fully cooked, simply defrost, brown some butter with sage leaves, throw in the pierogies for easy hearty buttery goodness. And you just cooked dinner! Or lunch. Or maybe breakfast. Amazing.
The pasta wrappings are the perfect thickness- not leaden or heavy, and also tender but not so wimpy that they leak. You have a wide variety of potato based fillings to choose from including the traditional potato-cheese (excellent) and the "fully loaded"- stuffed with cheese, chives, and plenty of smoky bacon bits (think baked potato), and dessert options like sweet potato, or blueberry.This place is cute, but with one chair, it's not optimal to order food and wait for it.  I'd call ahead next time.  The soup I tasted a sample of (mushroom) was to die for - excellent!  My pirogues were a little mushy and some were even cold in the middle, which I didn't appreciate, but my friend's were cooked properly and quite good.  I didn't care for the kielbasa, although, again, my friend did.  I love the variety they offer, although they were out of many of the things I wanted the day I was there.  I'd definitely go back and give it another try because I want to love this place.  I will probably order something to take and cook at home with steak or chicken.  I'm not sure how dessert pirogues will be, but I'm intrigued.There is a complete lack of any Polish or Slavic food in the city line area, and this place is a welcome treat.  I was just going to get a half dozen pierogies, but decided on the PK Stacker...and I was certainly not disappointed.  
This thing is kielbasa, sauerkraut, potato pierogies, and spicy brown mustard on grilled rye - honestly what more could you ask for? It felt like home, I never would have thought of that combo before, especially in a sandwich, but anytime I need my eastern European fix, this place will absolutely satisfy it.
Also, there is no seating inside or tables outside and just street parking so plan accordingly... the sooner you can eat the sandwich the better so the bread doesn't get soggy, and you will probably get looks from cars as you sit in yours and scarf this thing downAMAZING FOOD!!! This cannot be stressed enough. We stopped in hot and irritated, with the worst case of hangry...who knew a restaurant with a smiling pierogi mascot would be our salvation. We were met with a smile and a huge array of delicious options. We decided to try potato pancakes, cheesesteak pierogies, broccoli, cheddar, and onion pierogies, and their special of the day (a  homemade chicken salad which came with 2 blueberry pierogies on top, in a crescent roll, with apple horseradish coleslaw, and chips). Wow. It was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend....everything! I could go on and on, but I'm going to stop now...I still have some pierogies to devour! They give several eating options: take home frozen, heated and packaged to go, or you can dine in (there was only one table with 2 chairs inside, but there were some additional tables and chairs outside).Was pretty excited to try this place as it's really a niche store.  While I was waiting for my pickup order I over heard a customer saying inside that he usually likes his pierogies more crunchy.  The cashier behind the counter said we can make them that way if you request that.  I wish I had known otherwise I would have opted for that instead of the soggy, watery, boiled method. 
Couldn't pass up the kilbasa so got the some of that which was good with the kraut, nothing remarkable though, and then on the pierogi front got a dozen which were alright as well.  They seem to sell the "pierogie kitchen" pierogies in the local grocers freezer which would probably be the route I go next time.its a good thing i waited till my last week in philly to discover pierogie kitchen, otherwise i'd probably be proper porker by now.
i had the PK stacker, which is grilled rye, sauerkraut, a kielbasa sausage and a potato cheese pierogie all layered. i ate this ten minutes ago. in about another fifteen i will likely be asleep underneath my desk.
when i lived in poland (bialystok) back in the day, my favorite thing about polish cuisine, besides the zytnia vodka, was the soups, and pierogie kitchen has 3 really nice homemade ones. (creamy mushroom, stuffed pepper, and french onion). not exactly what i ate in polska, even in the mleczko bars, but good nonetheless.
there were no old polish pani's for me to rock my polish with like i do when i visit greenpoint, but it was still awesome, and they sell frozen pierogies to go, which i won't be able to take advantage of because i don't even have pots or plates at my apartment anymore.In the frozen section of my co-op I found 2 frozen bags of their pierogies - potato, cheddar and broccoli &  plain sauerkraut. As a Polish person, I had a pierogi or two in my life and as far as frozen pierogies go - these were the BEST! The dough was nice and thin. Generous stuffing inside. Delicious quick, easy to make lunch or dinner. Immediately I sent my husband to pick up their stuffed cabbage and more piergoies but they closed on Sunday. I cannot wait to get more of whatever they got.I have wanted to try this place for forever, but every time I drive by, they are closed.  Today was my lucky day!
I went in and I wasn't even hungry.  After talking with the girl for a ridiculously long time, I ordered all dessert pierogies (chocolate gancha, blueberry and granny apple).  They were AWESOME!  As I ate the chocolate one, I really just wanted to eat the inside but felt as though I was cheating on the dough wrapper.  
My problem with these little addictive pierogies is that they were sooooo greasy.  After each pierogie I had to wash my hands (yes, I used my hands to eat them- get over it)- I mean seriously I needed to blot after every bite.  Overall, Ill eat there again-- probably sometime this week :)Wish I had the opportunity to try the food but they were closed both times I made a trip there. Made two trips from Delaware County only to find the doors locked at 4:00 but the posted hours are until 6:00. Very disappointing and unprofessional. Won't try again.I ordered the Philly cheese steak pierogies for lunch (platter for about $6.25?) and got half dozen of the spinach and jack cheese as well as broccoli potato cheddar to go. The Philly Cheese steak pierogies were made with onions and comes with a side of sour cream. They were good, but I thoroughly enjoyed the other two much more! I was advised to use butter in a pan to cook them at home, however I had no butter, and just used olive oil (only thing I had).. and it tasted great! I think I might have used coconut oil for the other one and it came out great too!  I definitely highly recommend Pierogie Kitchen. They have such a cute little shop. 
On the day I went though, I was the only person there, and I don't know if she was having a bad day or what, but she wasn't very friendly or personable at all. I felt as if I was interrupting her day or something. It's a good thing the pierogies were good because I don't think that's how they should be treating their customers.. At least be slightly nice. I really don't ask for much except not to feel like I am a burden to you. Despite that.. I still recommend them!Made stop here on a day trip to Philadelphia. Looked at their web page and showed up at the store ready to order. Only 1 type of desert pierogi was available and out of the entire menu, less than half were available. We were told that some items were only seasonal. Their website is really poor. No mention of any of the pierogi we wanted being seasonal. Yes. the dough was super thin, a little too thin - they were much thinner than even the ones I had in Poland. The fillings? Eh..they are ok. Certainly, compared to Mrs. T's and the other industrial brands these are much better...but I know a church full of little old Polish ladies that would have been shaking their heads in disdain.I drive by this place all the time and finally went.  They may be the most perfect pierogies ever.  The selection is pretty amazing.  Both sweet and savory.  I think my favorites are still the traditional potato and cheese but the farmers cheese and mushroom ones are delicious as well.  I've also had the chocolate ganache and sweet potato ones.  I liked the chocolate ganache ones better.  The sweet potato ones confused me between sweet and savory too much.  Not sweet enough to be a dessert pierogie.
Can't wait to go back and try the other flavors.
Also - they have cheese babka and cinnamon babka.  Both are really good!Solid food. Poor customer service. I really want to give them more stars but I just spent 45 minutes sitting and waiting for a sandwich and a dozen pierogies to go. Were they busy? Maybe??....... But I only saw two people come in for called in/pick up orders. So, maybe they had a whole bunch of catering orders they were working on, who knows... All I know is that some explanation would have been nice. "Just a little longer, we have a lot of orders we're working on. Sorry about the wait"
I could have just gotten the frozen ones to go and gotten home and cooked them faster than they did!
I will probably not be returning to this location. I'd much rather buy their product from the Acme down the street. If I am really aching for a pierogie stacker sandwich, I'll buy the ingredients to make it myself... Because god knows it would be faster!