I rarely have bad Italian food; you'd have to be really bad to mess up spaghetti & meatballs, for instance. Pietro's was quite good; I also recommend the risotto balls.Our second night in a Philadelphia hotel we ordered takeout from Pietros -- another Yelp find.
The pizza was excellent and original. It staid plenty hot on the 4-block walk back to our hotel. The salads were great too. I'll return both for take-out and to dine in as the ambiance looked great -- and it was busy,Delicious Italian food! Came here with friends when visiting from NY. The single portion of the salad is good enough for 4+ people, and the 13-in pizza as well. We were 6 total and split a small salad, small eggplant parm, and small pizza (Greca- yum!). If we were hungrier we would have needed more, but the food was all very tasty, service was attentive, and the place is spacious-- great for groups. I'd come here again.We went Christmas Eve. Not much in the way of ambiance. House Chianti was fine. The pizza was delicious. Service was fine. Not much in the way of a Christmas Eve experience but pretty good otherwise.I "discovered" Peitro's using my handy dandy Yelp app on my IPhone. It was much larger inside than i expected based on the reviews. I was able to order a wheat pasta dish with vegetables and stay on diet for the night. The meal was very good- the service was a bit slow.I had the whole wheat fetuncini. It was banging. Big portion for $13. Pizza is better than CPK's too. Very courteous waiters with fast serviceVery good pizza, salad, beer selections. I've been here twice and have thoroughly enjoyed both visits.There's way better pizza in Philly, we're not talking NY quality here but its out there. Don't buy into the Coal Oven hype it's not all that. The cheese is good but the sauce and crust just don't hold up.We had a reservation for a Friday night and let them know we had theatre tickets. The restaurant was crowded and noisy and the service very spotty. The a waitress was great with the drink orders, but it took almost 45 minutes to get the hot appetizers and salads. It seems that to make stuffed mushrooms, a regular menu item, takes a very long time... We then had a pizza and several pastas. The pizza was luke warm and we had to send it back to be reheated. We had to ask the manager to try to get us the food in time to go to the theatre (we were there 1 1/2 hours) It was a very mediocre food experience and a very jarring social one. I would not go back- there are nicer places and with better atmosphere to eat pizza in.Went here solely because I seen they had arancini on their menu. Made a reservation and glad we did because the place was packed. We got there a half hour early but were seated right away. 
We ordered the arancini (or risotto balls) and they were good. Not great but good. The risotto and the outer crust were great but the filling lacked one key component-peas---- and the ground meat was almost non existent and the cheese was clumped instead of evenly melted. They tasted good so we ate them. Next we ordered a 4 cheese pizza-this was delicious. I am not big on pizza but this pizza was beyond good-the cheese combo was perfect. 
Our entrees consisted of eggplant parm which was mine-it was just fair the eggplant was a little tough but the spaghetti was great as was the gravy. My friends had the rigatoni alla vodka and the salmon which were both yummy. 
For dessert we had the ricotta cheesecake ,canolli,and tiramisu- all three were really good. Service was good and attentive even though they were really busy. One little complaint is that we had to flag someone down to bring macaroni cheese for our pasta. I think you should be asked as soon as your food is served but a runner brought out our food not our waiter.I had the chicken parm. It was delicious and fairly priced. The bread was also amazing! Overall, it was a great experience.Oh my God!! Best Italian restaurant I've tried thus far. Pasta, meat was super fresh. You could taste how fresh the food was. My husband when it comes to pasta and seafood is not that he doesn't like it but he can careless but he had the linguini cielo e mare and he went bananas over it; he was so upset that we forgot our left overs , he wanted to have it for breakfast. . I forget the name of what I had but it was pork sausage, chicken, peppers and onions over fettuccine. Let me start with the chicken, the softest chicken breast I have had, the pork sausage was not something to go crazy about but the rest was amazing. I am dying for another date night just to go there and try other foods.Manager is a hovering, non helping mule. My gf spilt wine on her white shirt. When I asked him for club soda he didn't move (a waiter had to help us; the waiters are great).
The food wasn't bad. But the hovering manger drove the atmospheric presence down.Excellent pizza and calzones. The coal oven pizza is fantastic. The crust is both chewy and crunchy and the depth of flavors are wonderful.
The calzone was huge, full of cheese and truly amazing. The tomato sauce on the side for dipping was out of this world with Italian flavors I've never tasted before.
A must visit.Pietro's has a good ambiance. It's a nice sit down place but still has a really casual and comfortable feel to it. Prices are also reasonable so it's a good option for a group lunch/dinner.
My friends and I shared a small salad and 13" pizza. It was the perfect portion for 3 since we weren't too hungry. We got the insalata w/ poached chicken which was light and tasty. It had greens, tomatoes, avocado, eggs, bacon, and chicken with balsamic dressing. For our pizza we wanted to do half and half but unfortunately that option is only available when you build your own. Many of them sounded good, but we went with the napoli which came with spinach, pine nuts, sun dried tomatoes, and mozzarella. Not the best pizza I've ever had, but I enjoyed the toppings and the thin, crispy crust. Next time I'd like to try the piccante with spicy ham and provolone or the classic with mozzarella and prosciutto.Great place for brunch on the weekends. All dishes come with a drink!!! Breakfast pizza! Yum!Fantastic dinner! The four cheese sausage pizza was amazing! The Caesar salad was delicious but definitely too big for one! The spaghetti and meatballs were really good as well! Would definitely go here again!I've been to Pietro's a couple of times over the years. The first time may have been 5 years ago, to be honest, even then, I was never wow'd. The pizza's were "unique", but nothing spectacular. They are good though, and I would give them a try again. 
The most recent visit was in March of this past year. I would have to say that they do have some dishes that they are consistently good at, and most are just sub par. 
Once in awhile, I do get a craving for their best pasta dish (imo)- which is the Rigatoni alla Vodka. The sauce is just so flavorful and to die for, the pasta itself is cooked perfectly. The portion is a good size as well. 
Pietro's is a good place for huge parties though as the restaurant is big itself. While it's not the greatest restaurant, its still a restaurant I consider, especially for big parties.They served 20 of us as well as if we were 2.
Ambiance: very nice. Pretty.
Group sampled 6 pizzas and 7 entrees. Everyone was happy. That's saying something.My father and I have dinner here at least once a week. The salads are huge and always fresh. The specials are great so check out the board in the way in. Portions are crazy big be prepared to have lunch for tomorrow.We were ravenous after a busy shopping afternoon and craved after simple Italian food...pasta and pizza. My 1st time at Pietro's didn't disappoint!!! Even though we went on spec on a Friday night and the restaurant was very busy, we didn't have to wait to be seated. Our server, Wanda, was attentive. Fortunately there seems to be a very casual dress code in Philly because I was wearing a tee, shorts and sandals, though others were dressed more formally.
The (warm) bread, mozzarella sticks and bruschetta were so good and filling that we only managed to finish 50% of our main courses...2 pasta dishes and a Barese pizza.
Food and ambience are highly recommended!!!Their salads are MASSIVE and worth every penny. Their pizza is great (not sure if they're worth 20+ dollars but they're delish). My most recent visit, I had their vodka rigatoni and chicken Parmesan. Oh. My. God. It was SO good.Had a ravioli entree and a couple slices of their pizza, both were great. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes Italian food. very relaxed and casual atmosphere.Pietro's is a lively pizza place just down from Rittenhouse Square.  My family and I go here often because we have a place close by, and Pietro's never ceases to impress.  The pizzas are so fresh and tasty, and even the classic Italian dishes are really good (though portions are very large).  Prices are pretty reasonable considering the location, and you can easily have a large quality meal for $15 - $20 per person.  Service is very friendly and many of the servers are Italian or Mediterranean which adds to the authenticity.  Really nice bar scene as well.I am a huge Italian snob and always order spaghetti with meatballs. If a restaurant can't get a meatball correct, then I usually never return. The meatballs were delicious and I like the combination of spinach added to the recipe. However, the marinara sauce was slightly acidic and heavy. Great flavor of noodles and no sign of excessive water from the sauce or pasta in my dish. Bread/oil left a little to be desired. Overall, excellent service and great family restaurant.Pietro's is a glorious place if you're looking for that authentic Italian pizza. We ordered a margarita pizza and it brought back sweet memories of pizza we had in Naples and Rome. Everything was delicious and obviously made from scratch. The service is mediocre by American standards, but exceptional by European standards. The Creme brûlée had a lemony taste to it, which I did not prefer, but other people might. Overall, I wish I lived closer, because I was deeply satisfied.My food was delicious--chicken limone--but my husband's chicken Parmesan was burned. The side veggies were delicious. Wish there were side salads, but we split an entree salad...which was very big and we would have ordered 2 different types of salads, if we had been given the option of smaller, side salads. Cappuccino was good as well. Our server was nice and good.  Biggest complaint: the place is way too noisy, from the moment you walk in, even when it is 1/3 full.  We would have chosen a different place had we realized this.  It was our first time having dinner there.The menu is amazing and diverse. Great location is a beautiful part of Philadelphia. Staff is energetic, kind and fun. Your hostess with the very short hair is welcoming, graceful, and looks like a supermodel!  Can't wait to try the pizza!C and I are in agreement that this is among the best pizza's we've had. Also, service and ambiance were excellent. We especially enjoyed the outdoor seating.Have had lunch there several times and recently dinner for the first time.  Have always enjoyed the food and the prices are reasonable (for Philadelphia).  Food came quickly, bread was great, service was good.  Basically a no problems place.  I had the lobster ravioli (special) which was quite tasty.
The only "cons" is that it is fairly noisy, the tables are a tad small and it is a shade darker than I like, but these are small issues and really don't detract very much.Solid  Italian place.  Great tasting food and friendly staff.  Really great pizza and our pasta dish with shrimp and veggies was tasty and very fresh.
I would give 4 stars but the bill came to $75, including tip, for me and one other person.  2 drinks, no appetizers, shouldn't be $75.My son and I went last evening at 830. We ordered a salad, mozzarella sticks and a pizza. The salad and sticks came in 10 minutes. The pizza was still not at our table 40 minutes later. Our waitress acted as if she did not work for tips. Based on her lousy service, I was sure that was the case and acted accordingly.The five stars are for their pizzas only.  I've ordered from here three times when I'm back in town.  The pepperoni that they use is amazing, rich in flavor and spices. Tie this in with the fresh Mozzarella (recommend the smoked version) with fresh ingredients and you have a winner.  All this flavor does come at a price, expect to pay 35-40 bucks for a large pie with 3-4 toppings for pick up.  Will be back next time I am in town.This is seriously the best marinara I have ever had. 
The noodles were perfect. Pizza is delicious. Met all my expectations and more. Large portions. Excellent service. Very deserving of five stars.Food:
Amazing!  We had the Napoli pizza and family style pasta.  It was a huge portion.  We got a large pizza and the family style pasta for 8 people and it was more than enough.  We ordered 2 appetizers:  risotto balls and roasted veggies/cheese.  The unlimited bread served was warm and soft!
Make reservations because they were packed!!
Cons:
It can get really loud in there and the server we had was hard to understand.  Also, if you are vegetarian they do not allow substitutes so it minimizes your variety.
Overall had a great experience and loved they have round family size tables.  That is seriously hard to find these days!As I've been stating in many of my recent reviews of places in Philly, I sure miss this place after moving to D.C., which can boast for a lot of things, but for food it cannot. 
I've never had their pizza oddly enough.
But, I have been here in large groups, small groups, and with one other person. Each time, service is excellent, even when they are busy.
The entrance area to wait could be better, especially when its cold outside, but I guess you could wait at the bar though its not huge if you have to wait for a table.
But on to the food. In no particular order.
Chicken Parm AWESOME
Calamari AWESOME
Pollo Con Funghi AWESOME
Chicken Cesar Salad (get the sauteed chicken) AWESOME - I can barely eat chicken cesar salad elsewhere now.
Linguini Cielo e Mare - AWESOME
Insalata Mediterraneo - AWESOME
I've had these items at least twice each and  have never been dissapointed. It's great for sharing, me and work husband would usually split one of the above and a chicken cesar salad. (You get 4 big pieces of chicken breast, not strips not chunks or cubes)
Great portions, great price. 
Enjoy. Eat it as often as you can in case you have to move  like I did :-(Having not been in the mood for Italian in a while, and usually opting for an intimate BYO when the mood does strike, it has been a long time since I've been to Pietro's. However, the stars aligned today when we wanted a biiiig salad while walking around Rittenhouse. I remembered the super sized, almost comical portions, as well as the delicious rolls they offer while you peruse the menu, so we popped in for a nosh.
Well the portions were as remembered - too much for one sitting. I got the (Sicilian?) salad with mozzarella, roasted peppers, capers and anchovies - and it was as delicious as the stench of my breath unbearable afterwards. She got a much tamer salad with gorgonzola, croutons and a healthy dose of salad envy. We brought home leftovers, but only one was actually eaten.
Unfortunately, those delicious, doughy, crusty herbed rolls that I remembered are now gone. In their place we were served some run of the mill dinner rolls that paled in comparison. It's too bad, they were worth an extra two stars all by themselves.I love, love, love Pietro's. I don't think I've ever been disappointed with their food so far. Their calamari for appetizer is great and I love their Penne a la Vodka. 
I do suggest to split it with someone because it's a huge serving. The service is always great, they're very attentive. One night, my friend and I decided to eat at Pietro's and it was 10 minutes before closing. I thought they'd hate us for coming in so late especially when they were already cleaning but I still got that warm, attentive service they always have.I am giving this place two stars because I have never eaten in a one star place before. It took over 1 hour and 15 minutes to get our food and when we received it it was of poor quality. The spaghetti was overcooked with too much sauce and veal parm  was overcooked and dry. There are better Italian places in the neighborhood. Skip this one.Solid pizza but My friend and I both got the seafood pasta dish... Yada yada yada I've been on the toilet 25 times a day  for 3 days. 
My friend threw up at work an hour after eating it.
Conclusion: Don't get anything but pizza here .... Ever.i love the pizza here, its reallllly great!  Way better than olive garden! The salad is also great, very fresh. Most of the pasta dishes I have been pretty satisfied with. Nothing out of the ordinary but pretty decent. This is a good inexpensive place to eat for a group.Eh.  There is WAY better pizza in Philly and Phillyburbs.  I was disappointed with the coal fired pizza here.  It has a own unique style and taste, so 2 stars for that.  However, I prefer east coast (NY) pizza, and if you're craving typical, no fancy pants thin crust, Pietro's does not fit deliver.  I'd imagine this place is popular among non native Philadelphians.This place is an awful excuse for an Italian Restaurant.
Firstly, the service is extremely awful.  The waitress took forever to put bread on the table, while she was too busy just standing around, I guess daydreaming.  While we took our order, we made a few requests such as a certain chicken in a pasta dish or something removed from a pizza; instead of saying okay, or let me check, she automatically said no... Probably because she is lazy and too busy daydreaming!! We got our drinks and received our appetizer.  Once we got our appetizers, they were okay, nothing special... kind of tasted like frozen food that you heat up in a microwave.  While we are still eating our appetizer, our meals come out, literally there was not enough of a time gap between the appetizer and the meals.  Now, that we got our meals, we were hoping that it would be a bit better than the appetizers and sadly, we were wrong.  The penne and vodka sauce was poorly made, the sauce was very thin and the penne was not cooked well.  The plain pizza tasted burnt and dry!!!
After everything was said and done, the bill was a bit expensive, and it was definitely not worth the price.  I will never come here again nor will I ever recommend this place to anyone!!! Save your money and go somewhere else!!!My mom and I specifically come here for a certain pizza that we love: Picante. So delicious and goes great with a tasty red wine. We always sit at the bar, the lovely lady who works at the bar is always friendly and overall, great service. Love the atmosphere here but I have to admit, the back table sections near the kitchen is really dark, and the front has so much more light and energy. Will be coming back for more pizza and wine!It's 3.5 stars, but I rounded it up. I came here for lunch with my girlfriend, and we were glad we came in pretty early because the place got packed fairly quickly. Being two people who are very indecisive, we took a while (but I have to say no more than 10 minutes) to order, and our waitress seemed a bit frustrated. She also convinced us that the 13" pizza is too small for two people to share, so we ended up getting a 13" margherita pizza with a salmon pasta from lunch menu. However, when the pizza came out, we regretted getting the pasta, because it was a lot bigger than what we expected/how the waitress described it. I am usually a big eater, but there was no way two girls could finish the pizza, let alone with a pasta dish. The pizza was pretty good, it's a typical Italian thin crust pizza-simple but very flavorful! The pasta was also solid. We definitely enjoyed the food, but I have to say, it was nothing extraordinary. The food is on a bit more pricier side, but it's definitely reasonable for the portions you get. Our waitress barely came by after our orders were in, and she was hard to find. I definitely feel like the service could have been better. 4 stars for the food, 3 for the service!I ate here for dinner last week with a few friends.  We were all very happy with our food.  The service was great - we received our food and drinks very promptly.  They were also very flexible with us despite the fact that we had my friend's 3 yr old daughter with us.  I would say that it's a great place to go both as a family or even as a date night.its a cute place with good food..nothing out of the ordinary..but for a quick lunch or dinner in the midst of shopping on walnut street - its nice.  also, if its your birthday a cute waiter may sing to you..actually that's a lie...he only sang to me b/c its justin and he's my friend. haha.  
Also, I can see this place being fun for a happy hour.We went there for the 3rd time because food is pretty good! First time we sat outside which service was ok but unfortunately 2nd and 3rd time we had the same rude, unfriendly, lazy waitress! First of all my pasta had a long piece of dark hair on it. It took us about 5 minutes to tell our waitress who we had to wave down. She apologized and asked if I want something else or the same thing, I said no I'll have the same, then she said she was going to send her manager over who also never showed up! My plate came pretty fast but we never saw her again until we needed the check! Didn't even come to us once to ask if everything was ok and never gave us refills on our drinks! When we finally had to wave her down again for our check I had my debit card out on the table and asked her for the check. She just took the card and said she'll swipe it and bring me the receipt!!! Wtf?? Never asked us if we wanted dessert or if we need anything else.. Just took the card! Came back with the receipt and $61 charge that she just left on the table and walked away without saying a word! They never took anything out for the nasty hair on the food or did we ever see the manager! I called them as soon as we got in our car to talk to the manager and he's telling me if you had bad service then you should have talked to me when you were there! I said yes you were supposed to come over but you never did. Anyway he was going back and forth until I just hung up on him! This was the worse bday dinner experience. And did I mention how rude and dead the hostess was too?!?! Food is good and comes out pretty fast but service is one of the worse! Make sure you never get the heavyset waitress with the dark hair!Eating at Pietro's was a real yawn.  It wasn't that bad but I was expecting the food to be a lot better.  The calamari we ordered wasn't that good at all--something about the breading was off and the squid itself was a bit fishy and rubbery.  The pizza was fine but nothing to come back for.  At $10.50 for the calamari and $13 for a 13" four-cheese pizza it's also not a great value.  Another nondescript place in the nondescript Rittenhouse Square area.
The service was fine--no complains there.  That is all.Meh this place is hit or miss for me. The first time
I went I had the best experience. Great service, great food, great bloody Mary's and prosecco. I'm
Glad I waited to write a review though because I returned on a day that wasn't busy and my experience was lackluster. The service was meh, the food wasn't blah and the Bloody Mary was not the Bloody Mary I had previously ordered. 
This place is like playing double Dutch you're either in or you get slapped with the rope.Recommended by local family. Has never disappointed. Have tried everything from the pizza to the individual dishes.I went to this place last month with yelper Dhvani D. for dinner.  One of the main reasons why we picked this place was because the wait time for a table of 2 to sit outside was about 20 min at around 6:00PM on a weekday.  In retrospect, I'm so happy we decided to go to this place.  
We ordered one Insalata di Arugula and one Rigatoni alla Vodka without the pork - vegetarian style.  The Argula salad was just sweet enough and not completely drenched in oil.  I really loved this salad and now have a special place in my heart for Argula.  The pasta was excellent as well and did not have an over dominating vodka taste.  The portion size was perfect for two people.  
The combination of the salad, pasta, and nice weather to sit outside made for a great early evening meal.  Definitely need to go back to get my Argula on!While on a walking tour through Philly with the family, we decided to stop in for pizza.  We were pleasantly surprised with prompt seating for our large party.  The menu had many classic Italian dishes and an excellent set of beers in tap.  Half my family opted for pizza, the other half had a mix of salads and ravioli dishes.  A quick poll after dinner yielded high ratings from each person in my family.  Our server was excellent.I got their signature coal oven pizza, which I found to be just about alright. Also the service was very slow and inattentive. I had to ask the waitress for second round of drinks instead of her 'waiting' on us. Probably good with friends but not so good for a date.Pizzas are great here. I'm not too big a fan of the flatbread type, but it was really tasty here. I tried a few slices (friends sharing their pies).  As for the Bolognese - I had hopes but it was greatly under seasoned. I went twice for co-workers team dinners, but as solo or with my wife I'd probably look at other dining spots. Just sayin'.Pietro's is my go-to place for delicious gourmet pizza in Center City.  They also have inexpensive yet wonderful wines to go along with dinner.  I've been here countless times and have had zero complaints.Grabbed a bite of food as I was staying at the Raddison Blue down the street. Bruschetta appetizer was amazing. I ordered an pasta dish with creamy rose sauce and shrimp and chicken. I live that they have whole wheat pasta available, but a couple of my shrimps were raw and that really put a bad taste in my mouth. For desert we ordered the gelato and it was great! Would give it another try but the food needs to be properly cooked.I love this place. Their food is on point. The food service is great however sometimes the servers tend to be a little rude. I keep going back to this place for their spaghetti marinara and their pizzas. It's worth the money since their portion sizes for food tend to be huge. I always have leftover for to go. However, I'd suggest you rather steer clear of the desserts. I've tried their pumpkin cheesecake and chocolate mouse off their special menu - didn't do it for me - too pricey for the quality. Anywho will keep going back to this place for their spaghetti marinara.I stopped for a takeout salad today at lunch, and waited at the bar....for 35 minutes. FOR A FREAKING SALAD. To add insult to my insalata (insulata? har har), they served the two girls who were sitting next to me who ordered their food 10 minutes after I placed my order first. I really wanted to give the lady who was serving the bar the benefit of the doubt, and convinced myself that maybe, they ordered something simple. GUESS WHAT. Not only they order the exact same salad that i did, they also ordered a large pizza. Oy. I patiently asked the lady how long it'd be until my salad was ready, and she glanced over her shoulder like I was asking a ridiculous question, and said "5 min., or less," then turned away before I could tell her I wanted to cancel it because I had been waiting for a salad for nearly half an hour. 
10 minutes later, she comes back with the takeout, pushes it in my direction without so much as a "sorry for the wait," and turns away. 
I order delivery from Pietros a couple times a month to feed the husbear when I don't feel like cooking. The food is acceptable, the service, not so much.I went here yesterday with my wife and daughter. It was awesome. The salads are huge and the pizza was perfect. The service was great and the prices were reasonable. 
And today we had pizza at Grimaldis in Brooklyn and it turned out to be the worst tourist trap ever.Awful manager - short pudgy guy, black-ish hair.
We went here as a party of 4. One person in our group can't have one of the toppings listed in the ready made combinations, so he asked if he could just get one of the pre-made combinations without that one ingredient. Waitress said this was not possible, but he could make his own pizza - didn't say how much it would cost....assumed a an extra couple dollars at most.
Well, then arrived all the entrees. The "make you own" pizza arrived WITH that one ingredient, even though paying more for it. They took it back, and made a new one 15 minutes later. Ok, their mistake, it happens to all of us.
Then we get the check. All the other pizzas were $14 each, whereas "make you own pizza was priced at $23.50 (minus 1 ingredient from ready-made pizza topping combination, same size). This was a surprise, and total rip-off. It's not possible to pay $9.50 more for almost same pizza, when it was made 15 minutes late. 
We then called the manager over. He said it was their policy to charge extra, and then stormed away, saying  because of  the mistake, "you don't have to pay, make her (waitress) pay for the pizza, since it was her mistake!" Do not make the customer feel guilty for restaurant mistakes, this is not the way one treats employees or customers! Left a tip to include price of pizza they charged. We will not going back here again, poor attitude cannot be tolerated even if food is good.The bread of pizza is totally no taste!!!!! only few cheese on it! and coast $15? I will not buy it even its only 5 dollars!!!!!! How about pasta? no really spaghetti noodle, and the souse not get in to the noodle too!!!! taste like noddle and souse  r separated!This was my first time here. I went with my friend from new york. Between the 2 of us, I'm more of a foodie but I'm bringing him to the sugary side soon enough with all the restaurants we go to.
After walking by this place for years as a teen, I finally took my adult self and my adult friend here. It was a wonderful day out so we wanted to sit outside. The hostess was very nasty little asian lady who took literally 10 minutes to even appear. It was a line of 4 separate groups waiting and the hostess was nowhere in sight. When a waiter finally saw us he looked away quickly without saying anything I guess so he did not have to do anything.
Finally getting the outdoor seating we requested we found out that it was very cramped but they have mother nature on there side to even out the experience.
We wanted chicken Caesar or just Caesar Salad which they did not have. I have never been to an Italian restaurant that did not have Caesar salad, even neighborhood spots have it. We then ordered the white pizza with prosciutto and sun dried tomatoes. The menu was different from others I've seen. Instead of set menu items such as "Pietro's special pizza" or "pineapple feast", the pizza itself was about $16 for the medium size. Then you add on toppings from there which gets expensive if you wanted something exotic with many toppings. 
The food itself was good pizza, not superb but filling and good enough to compliment the beginning of our springy day. The funny part was the waiter. He seemed scared to even say hello. He inched up slowly to our table saying hello after assessing the situation I guess. Then throughout the meal he stalked our water glasses as if he would rather pour the water in secrecy instead of just asking us.
The not so funny part is that when we asked for the check it took 20 minutes. Literally. We then thought to speed up the process and come back inside so he did not have to walk outside. After walking by continuing taking new orders without finishing ours we began to get frustrated. 
It must have been God keeping us good because we were about to just skip out on the bill until the hostess asked us were we being helped and we said we are waiting for the bill. She then motioned to the waiter as he clearly forgot. The only purpose she served was to keep the waiter from getting our bill taken out of his check that week.
Overall, good enough spot if just passing by and love the Rittenhouse area scenery but there are better pizza places if you are searching for that ultimate meal.We went here last night for dinner. (Two people) We split a salad and a medium pizza which was plenty of food for us. Both were very good! HOWEVER, I cannot tell you how bad the service was. First - when we were in mid-order our waiter just walked away. We looked at each other, like 'um, what just happened...?' and I motioned for him to come back to take the rest of our order. I didn't say anything to the waiter about the incident and thought we would just move on... 
Second - The salad arrived and our waiter KEPT interrupting us to see how we were doing. It was so annoying! Either you are in mid-conversation or you have food in your mouth and some idiot asking you if you like the salad every 4 minutes is irritating!!! The pizza came and he did the same thing. Every time he started walking over I would look away in an effort to hint to him that we do not wish to be interrupted AGAIN.  This waiter should take a lesson from European waiters who rarely ever interrupt a meal but look over from afar to see if the customer looks up (and is looking for the waiter) or motions for one. The waiters there are so attentive without being annoying.When I lived in Philly this was a favorite place to go for pizza.  A great pizza and salad place in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.  When it's warm out, it's great to sit in the front area with the windows open.  Walnut Street is a fun street to people watch! 
I have had both good and experiences here in terms of service.  I wouldn't call this the friendliest and most welcoming dining establishment that I have visited.  However, the pizza, bread and salad make up for that. 
I really enjoy the coal oven pizza.  The mista salad has a nice light dressing.  The other entrees are just ok as others have stated in their reviews.  I typically just stick to my favorite here, the pizza and salad.This is our go to simple Italian restaurant! Great pastas, pizzas or salads! I've been getting their lemon chicken and arugula salad for years and it still tastes the same, now that's called consistency! Staff is always great and the fresh table bread amazing too! Great location and outside seating in the summers will remind you of Italy!I finally got a chance to try this place while Christmas shopping (for myself...it always seems to work that way!)   I was dining solo, so I sat at the bar for a beer while I decided on the menu. I wanted to try the pizza, but it was just too big for a single person, so I went with the Ravioli marinara dish. It was good, but nothing special. It didn't compare to store-bought Toludo's Ravioli, which are the best I've ever had...ever!  The service seemed fine, nothing more, nothing less - it was just a bartender. But the atmosphere seemed cool - I could have very easily sat there for another 3 or 4 beers if I didn't have to get back to "Christmas shopping". All-in-all, I'd definitely go back to this place, but not after trying a few other places first. Honestly, I cannot see how this pizza can be better than Soho's (2nd & Market).....because that's just the best there is!Great service and kid friendly. Wenhad the kale salad and sausage specialty pizza. Very enjoyable and would recommend both.The pasta e fagioli here is the best in Philadelphia! I always order it when I'm sick and it reminds me of my Nonnas cooking.I enjoyed this restaurant because it had a little bit of everything. Good salads to light pasta dishes to heavy pasta dishes. I had the Limone and I would highly recommend it as a lighter dish (though still a large serving size). Definitely worth checking out.Why has it been 1 hour and 30 min. For a pizza and salad to get delivered to my house on a Tuesday. This is stupid and I'm hungry. Don't count on themJust had take out for dinner here. It was actually pretty good. Got the spaghetti with meatballs and a side of spicy calamari with sausage. It was HUGE! I was thinking the spaghetti and meatball wouldn't fill me up but I have plenty of leftovers. It was a bit on the greasy side but that was kind of what I was craving. I liked it also because it came out hot. Some places when you order take out by the time you eat it the food is cold. I wasn't sure if I liked the calamari at first but after a few bites it just got better and better. 
They didn't sell drinks for take out so that was a disappointment. 
Total price for dinner $25. A bit pricey for take out.Aye! Pietros! I dare you people to complain about Pietros. You know what is so great about Pietros? You can take any non-city resident here when they are visiting, and you know they will freakin' love Pietros. And you know what else is great? When you are taking said non-city resident who's visiting out to dinner at Pietros, you don't have to break the bank because their prices are so reasonable. And you know what else is great?!?!?! You always get to come home with leftovers because the portions are HUUUUGE. Pietros is ALWAYS delicious, always a nice time, and I have never had a problem getting seated, with or without a reservation. A very famous city favorite, and with good reason. You can't go wrong with some good ol' italian food here.I've had take-out margerita pizza here several times and it's good. Not the best but good. Obviously this is a coal-oven pizza joint but the crust for some reason tastes a little stale? It's not crispy on the outside warm/soft on the inside as you'd expect. It's pretty much rough all the way through.
Service isn't great. They wait staff barely talks to you, they mumble, & look totally miserable all while serving you. Also they overflowed my water glass at least 3 times leaving a wet mess for me to eat on. There weren't even that many people there at the time so there was no need to rush.Why no love for Pietro's on Yelp??
I have been here twice and each time it delivered. This restaurant is very reasonably priced for being right in the heart of Rittenhouse, and the outdoor seating and indoor seating by the windows makes for the best atmosphere and best people watching spot in the city.
The first time I dined here we ordered a pizza-great thin crust, just like Italy and topped with fresh and tasty toppings. 
Yesterday, my mom and I wanted to have a quick lunch; we ordered the risotto ball suppli which was authentic. The red sauce it was topped with was great- as good as any Italian restaurant. Inside you could find cheese and meat which adds to the authenticity of the dish. We then had salads as our main- they were huge, hearty and the dressings were full of flavor.
The only reason why this is getting four stars instead of five is because for the same price, you can get a killer pizza at Nomad. This is great competition though.This place is amazing. Their pizzas are the best in the city. They can be a little pricey, but for a treat, there's nowhere else I will go.We came in with a party of 16 around 7:30pm. The staff was accommodating and nice. We basically tried everything on the menu and everything was delicious! The stuffed shrimp and the stuffed meatballs were my favorite! The sauce they use on the pizza was also very yummy.I've been to Pietro's a few times, and had a great experience every time. Good service, good food, inviting atmosphere.I have been to Pietro's once or twice a year for the last 5 years.  The reason I return is because it's convenient (especially when you're doing some Xmas shopping or you're short on ideas and wandering around aimlessly in Rittenhouse square) and it accomodates large groups for grubbing (and you can order all entrees and salads family style)
Okay, so it's not like all the other amazing Italian BYOs in the city, that's for sure.  But it's open for lunch. You can always get a table. And they give you unlimited bread... and it's infinitely better than Olive Garden (but that's not saying much, is it?)
I liken Pietro to that decent restaurant you go to in a Mall when you don't want to eat in the food court.  The Pizza is good, thin and crispy and they always serve it with fresh basil on top.  Their pasta dishes aren't the most sophisticated - and sometimes bland - but again, I think it's a few steps above Olive Garden.
Service is prompt, friendly and the prices are reasonable-ish for Rittenhouse. So if it's a battle between the food Court and Olive Garden, I say Pietro wins.By far my favorite pizza place ever.
This pizza is fantastic! It's flavorful without a drop of grease. This brick oven pizza is appealing to the eye and great to taste. 
This place has fast service and the atmosphere is very nice. You are seated immediately and the pizza is out within twenty minutes, tops, every time. I have never waited longer than that for a pizza at pietro's. Additionally, it's located right next to beautiful Rittenhouse square, so if you get a seat near the window you have a nice view of the city.
Overall, Pietro's was a great experience with amazing food at an affordable cost. Not just my favorite pizza, one of my favorite restaurants ever!Stopped in here for dinner with the kids on a Sunday early evening. I was surprised by how big the place was (2-stories) with both indoor and some outdoor seating. The place was cutely decorated on the inside, giving it a little Italian flair. 
The place was pretty empty when we arrived, so we were quickly seated. They do give you bread to start things off and their is oil at the table that you can use to dip the bread into. Overall, we thought the rolls were just OK and certainly nothing special. We went with the mozzarella sticks with Mariana sauce for appetizers and you could tell that these were fresh and not frozen. The sauce was really tasty as well. Their pizza's are cooked in a coal fired oven, so for dinner, the kids shared a cheese pizza while we went with the Napoli specialty pizza, which consisted of baby spinach, pine nuts, sun dried tomato's, and mozzarella. Again, this is fresh mozzarella on the pizza and definitely delicious. My kids are picky eaters so we ordered the plain cheese pizza for them, not realizing that it would also come out sort of fancy with basil on top of the pizza. We had to pick all of that stuff off before they would touch it. Just a heads up in case you have picky eaters with you. There is also a limited kids menu with some pasta dishes on it. Overall, the place is kid friendly in that it's on the louder side in there, but they don't have any activity books or anything to keep your children entertained while you wait for your meal.
Service was just OK throughout the meal. We had to ask for refills, which annoys me to no end. Considering that the place was by no means busy, I would have liked a bit more attentive service.I love coal-fired pizza so I was excited when I saw the sign for Pietro's. The crust is everything and Pietro's has it. Great chew, good charred areas, and crisp outer crust yielding to a soft steamy interior. The toppings on my braised short rib pizza were delicious but were heavy enough to weigh down the perfect crust and make the middle soggy. Overall this is one of the best pizzas I have had.The food was mediocre. We ordered the spicy calamari and sausage. The sauce was too salty. The barese pizza with the sausage was just ok. Nothing spectacular about it at all! The desserts were the highlight of the meal. Orange sorbet and tiramisu. The sorbet was served in a carved out orange which I thought was pretty awesome. The tiramisu was reasonably good as well. The service was slow. Like really really slow. We sat in the bar area outside. In town for the holiday but wouldn't return again.Such a warm and inviting place! I went here with my family and such a cute atmosphere. The place is rather large but the decor makes it feel warm and inviting.  Staff went out of their way to make us feel welcomed and comfortable. The food was amazing.  We ordered the calamari and it was crisp and delicious. The portions were huge and we make the misfortune of getting a couple of appetizers before the entrees came.  Needless to say, we left with lots of leftovers.  You can't go wrong with the pasta dishes, we had lasagna, short ribs, spinach ravioli, and the gemelli.  So good - no one was able to finish it.  Go with a big appetite and you will not be disappointed!!Great pizza and salad, excellent portions as we shared a small salad for 2. Great location to walk from Penns Landing.Delicious!! I was next door purchasing my wedding dress and I made reservations for 7:45PM, it was close to that time so I called over and told them we might be cutting it close since I am next door paying for my dress. The guy on the phone was so kind and told me not to worry about it that we would be taken care of as soon as we walked in. Server came right over to get a drink order and brought over bread with oil (which is my fave). I ordered the rigatoni Vodka which had a different twist to it with pork, which was good. I could have done without the pork. My friend got the four cheese pizza I had a slice and that is all I am thinking about right now. Another friend ordered an Arugula salad, which seemed delicious. My mom ordered I believe was the braised ribs, she said was awesome. My gram ordered a parts dish with chicken and shrimp, which she also loved.  The dishes are a pretty good portion. Our server was Jacqueline who was great, would come over to check on us and so on. We were in and out pretty quick, which was good since we had to drive back to NJ. I will be back if I am in the area for sure!Stopped in here while on vacation simply because the sign said something about 'family restaurant' and we had a 3 and 5 year old with us.  I had low expectations based upon the exterior and the fact that they put the word 'coal' in their name which conjures up all sorts of images--but not ones I associate with good food.
While the kids menu left much to be desired, Italian food is pretty kid friendly as is. All the food was very fresh and easily surpassed all our expectations. Prices were very reasonable and the service was fine.  Should we return to Philly, we will likely return to Pietro's.Mmmm I'm getting so hungry just thinking about Pietro's right now. The interior of the restaurant was very Italian with the decor and had a warm, welcoming atmosphere. My table was served huge pieces of bread, arguably one of the best table breads I have ever had. I ordered the Rigatoni Alla Vodka and my goodness I don't regret choosing this over the bolognese. When the pasta came, the plating was so pretty and it almost looked like the dish was a plastic representation of it. Each noodle was coated in the creamy vodka sauce, and tasted amazing! This has to be one of the best pastas I have ever had before, no doubt. The service was great and I am coming back next time I go to Philly.The pizza is really good, with a few caveats.    
First, their signature pizzas are awesome.   They are perfectly cooked and delicious.   However, there are a lot of rules here.    You can't get the signature pizzas in any other size.    You can't modify the pizza in any way, even if you offer to pay extra.   You can't get bacon on your pizza unless it is on a signature pizza.   So for a party of three, you can have a light meal or order two, instead of just ordering a large.    Weird.    However, again, the pizzas are really good.   That's what keeps it four stars in my book.
The service has always been really pleasant and fast.    They work hard in there.    The place is always spotless inside.   I wouldn't recommend eating outside though.   I always notice a strong cat urine smell outside of the place.   Probably not their fault since it is outside.   I'd rather eat in the super clean inside which smells of delicious garlic and bread and not the outside which just smells.Pizza was outstanding atmosphere was nice. Caesar Salad was a refreshing side dish with the pizza.I've been eating here since high school.  If you're looking for cheaply priced Italian foods, eat here!  The brick oven baked pizza is good.  Now a days I visited her perhaps 1-2 times a year.
Nothing to die for but a easy place to be at.I can't say enough good things about this place.  It is our "go-to" place, as everything we have ever ordered has been really tasty.  And, it is a really good value, with generous portion sizes.  The Caesar and arugula salads are always really good (with no suspect lettuce pieces).  The pizza and pasta do not disappoint.  We get take out from here every couple of weeks, when we are looking for a delicious, healthy options with great value.Maybe it was an offday...food was too salty and service was not acceptable. place was better back in the day. quality is no different than a typical restaurant chain...Yo this place is the shyt. If you is a bonafide hustla/certified G, you have to try their calamari. The pizza is also real good.I'll start by saying that I love this place.
Plain and simple, a great Italian restaurant. The food is delicious, simple, consistently good and ready in a reasonable amount of time....and did I mention big portions.
The salad florentine is large, sweet and tangy, and a great start to a meal. I've had multiple pasta dishes-all good (B+).
The service is attentive and friendly, the decor is well designed,  nice enough for a romantic dinner out but casual enough for an afternoon lunch. 
All in all, a place I try to go to at least once a month, if not more.I have been to Italy about four or five times, and although I have had some phenomenal food there, I don't think I have ever had pizza this delightful. If you can stop yourself from devouring the bread they give you beforehand you can probably put down more slices than you're used to. (A medium pizza cut into 6 slices will always be enough for me and my boyfriend, especially after I have destroyed the bread.) I have been to Pietro's on South Street twice now, and during our visits we have tried the Piccante and the spicy sausage pizzas. I was thinking about the pizza 24/7 after the first time, and still can't stop thinking about it now. In fact, I'm going back tonight! From the soft, warm crust, to the perfect amounts of cheese and toppings, this pizza is sure to be better than most you've had if not all. Trust me on this one.Came here for dinner and some appetizers after a long day of being a tourist in Philadelphia. We were able to sit at a table near the window so we could people watch. I ordered a local beer on draft. The service was great and it seemed to be pretty authentically Italian. We ended up getting the risotto balls and stuffed meatballs. Wow. The sauce was amazing and really set these dishes apart. They did bring us a basket before our meals with hot, fresh bread and oil to dip in. A little too much rosemary in the oil for my preference but we all really enjoyed our time here!I've been coming here since I stumbled upon this place one 4th of July in high school.  The food has been consistently good since then. Its one of my favorite restaurants to get pizza. I'm not sure if they still make their own mozzarella but it still tastes the same as it always has. 
 My go to is the margherita pizza. In terms of pasta, the rigatoni alla vodka is heavenly. The salads are super fresh.  I haven't had it in forever, but I always loved the tiramisu.
While the prices seem high the portion sizes are extremely large. It's completely reasonable to split one salad and medium pizza for two people.  We can never finish it.  
I also really love the ambiance here. Truly feels like you're eating outside. Somewhat romantic even though it's very casual.Food was very enjoyable, price was a little pricey for the portion size but i would definitley go back.If you love garlic, this place is for you.
Fortunately, I love garlic. Every dish I've tried here has reeked of it, even dishes that traditionally aren't loaded with garlic; in my case, Eggplant Parm.
I really enjoy Eggplant Parmigana and Pietro's garlic-laden rendition was really enjoyable. It was perfectly sliced, well-cooked, and topped with melted fresh mozzarella-- how can you go wrong?
I had a great meal and the service was pretty good too. Be wary about your breath smelling like garlic, though, if you're bringing a date!Pietro's is a dependable pizza/Italian restaurant. They serve up pies using their own house made mozzarella and sauce which puts Pietro's a level above your typical pizza joint. The portions at Pietro's are also huge with a small salad and pizza easily feed 2 with some left overs to take home.REWRITE - I have been back a few times since first review and am now a fan. (I wanted to love this as a convenient neighborhood affordable Italian restaurant). What was really good are the variety of cocktails, wine, etc at a great price and really good Sangria with fresh fruit in it. Pizza is wonderful. The Siciliano salad was large and wonderful and small portion enough for three or four to share for a starter. The entrees we ordered were weak and I think that for future visits I would stick to Salad, pizza, cocktails.  We ordered veal limone (instead of chicken limone) - That was $24.00!! A lot of this type of restaurant.  It is not fine dining. There were three pices of veal - not very tender - not very lemony at all. I give it two stars. Then, we had Rigatoni Bolognese - The lemon chicken or chicken marsala are also very good. The portions sizes here are very large. 
It's a very large two story interior with nice lighting in one section - It has been there since the mid-nineties and has a certain charm to it... It is a huge place...5 stars for the pizza. There salad is good as well.
The pizza is perfect and right on the money.  Slightly charred and the right amount of chew with the dough, sauce is tangy and tomatoey, fresh mozzarella with basil is a perfect finish.  For an added bonus the sausage is quite nice... ground into tasty bits and no large greasy pieces.  Veg pizza is not bad either but a bit much on the vegetables.
Great for groups and easy to find parking in the area.  Rita's is right next door to finish the meal.  Very kid friendly with some outdoor seating that is covered to watch the people go by on South St.As a preface, I came here with a group of about 20 people, and our menu was preset. However, I still think this allowed me to try a variety of their dishes and I got a good feel of what this restaurant is like. The restaurant is pretty big, and is able to accommodate big groups well. We were given our own space which was nice. 
For our appetizer, we got some two types of salad, one being a Caesar, and the other one some sort of garden salad. They were okay - nothing special. The rolls that they served us were kind of hard, and weren't very good. We also got margherita pizza, which was very good. Since the place is a pizzeria, I would say that the pizza is definitely your best bet. 
For our main course, we got some penna vodka, and eggplant parmesan. Both were above average, though tasted like what you would get at your run-of-the-mill Americanized Italian restaurant. 
The dessert included tiramisu and cheesecake, both of which were, frankly, terrible. The tiramisu was like some sort of dry cake with cream on top, and the cheesecake was not flavorful. 
Overall, I feel like this is a pretty average Italian restaurant, but a pretty good pizza place.Excellent coal oven pizza.  Get a plain pie and enjoy. You don't need to add a lot of toppings to this pie.Went to Pietro's for a lunch celebration with coworkers and was not at all impressed.  The space itself is really cool and the waitress was attentive but to be fair we were the only people in the whole restaurant.  We got some salads to share which were good but pretty basic considering how expensive they were.  For the meal I tried the broccoli and chicken lunch special and it was Blahsville.  There was practically no flavor whatsoever and only a thin oily sauce over the pasta.  I can't believe how sad the meal was considering how expensive it is there!  The pizzas looked good but there was no gluten-free option so I couldn't eat it.  Luckily they had gluten free pasta but it wasn't that great and added $2 to the price.  Even the cheesecake I got at the end of the meal was somehow tasteless.  I would never go here again and spend my own money.  It wasn't the worst food I've ever eaten but extremely overpriced.My favorite place to order pizza from in this area (via grubhub). It always gets to my apartment quickly and piping hot. I've also ordered the lasagna- which is delicious and full of meat- love it and the spaghetti and meatballs. Most places give you one meatball, but I got three large meatballs. I had leftovers for lunch the next day! They also include delicious rolls with the entrees. My sister ordered the tiramisu, and it was delicious. Perfect consistency and sweetness. Will most certainly return!Consistently delicious, uncomplicated yet inviting food and atmosphere.I've dined here twice in the past few months at two different Philly locations- I had consistently positive experiences both times. I ordered the chicken Parm both times which was very good- instead of getting the traditional spaghetti that usually comes with it I opted for penne in vodka sauce which was very good! I also had the white sangria to drink which was delicious! Our dinner companions had the pizza and various other pasta dishes on the menu- all of which were very good. Both times visiting this restaurant my dinner companions and myself left happy and satisfied with our meals. If you are in the mood for good Italian food with a causal atmosphere in the Philly area this is a great option!Chicken parm was spot on as well as the Cesar salad. The portions were huge! Meatballs were filling as well... Nice beer selection, perfect with the meal.You know you'll get a consistently decent pizza every time you come here.  And their other menu options such as salads and entrees are pretty good too.  It is great for large parties or a table for two.  My only qualm was at a recent visit, we ordered the 4 cheese pizza, but they would not allow us to put any toppings on it because it was a "special."  And we weren't allowed to "make our own" with the four cheeses either, with no valid reason.  Hmph.
Overall, a reasonably priced pizza joint that is a good standby.Whenever I am craving good pizza, this is where I go.  I, too, am a skeptic of restaurants on South St (even though I live in Queen Village ) so I tend to steer clear of that street with only a few exceptions and Pietro's is definitely one of them.  
Their pizza is always cooked perfectly, the staff is laid back and friendly and they have several nice seating options: outside, inside at high tables in the bar or in the dining room at booths/tables.  The portions here are huge - a small salad can be shared by 2-3 people and the pizza is my favoriate in the city.  By using fresh mozzarella and basil on almost every pizza, this takes a standard margherita up a notch and they have tons of toppings to choose from standard to unique, like hot pesto.  
I've also ordered delivery pizza and pasta here, which was prompt and even inlcuded fresh, warm bread but my favorite thing about this place is the price, it's very affordable considering the portions and quality of food.While we were in Philadelphia and strolling around, we stumbled in to Pietro's while walking up and down the South Street area.  We weren't really in the mood for something heavy and we wanted a bar where we could sit and relax.  So Pietro's it was!  When we got to the restaurant around 3:30, the restaurant was virtually empty, but the hostess who bounced back and forth between the hostess stand and her cell phone she kept charging behind the bar.  We sat at the bar and waited for the bartender for a solid couple of minutes.  We ordered two beers and although Hubs got his rather quickly, mine sat under the taps as the bartender left the pour to tend to a service drink order.  Only, she forgot about my drink and it sat there for a few minutes until I had to politely ask.
We split the arancini appetizer.  The marinara sauce was nothing special, but the arancini itself was quite delicious.  For an appetizer, it was perfect to split because it was just enough, especially when the bread basket came out!
We also split a simple medium cheese pizza.  It came straight from the oven to the bar and was served HOT.  My favorite was that although the crust was a little thick, there was a distinct crunch to it and that made it all the better.  The sauce wasn't memorable, but it was clear that the cheese fresh and certainly not processed and that's what saved this review from 2-stars.  
The food was decent, the pizza was delicious, but the service left a lot to be desired.  As mentioned previously, we were practically the only ones in the bar and it was just us and the bartender and the hostess who kept moving from the hostess stand to her cell phone behind the bar.  When the second bartender showed up, we could hear their conversation about their previous night's drinking escapades.  Lovely.
It wasn't a cheap lunch by any means, but it hit the spot and the food (overall) warranted the price for a quick and easy meal.Came here for the first time last weekend and I definitely like this place. Everything about this place was really good I liked the atmosphere and the wait staff were really nice, and our food came out on time so we were able to eat all of our food and just enjoy everything and the group of friends that we were with.
The food was amazing, everything I had was really good. I had gotten a medium  pizza. The pizza was very filling and took me sometime to finish it unlike other pizza places that ive been to wear I just eat one and be full, I hate five and was very satisfied and every bite was better than the next.
All in all this a very good restaurant but only downside is it's an upscale olive garden that serves pizza.Best Italian pizza I had since my trip to Rome. The ingredients were fresh. The service was amazing. Great ambiance.Off the bat, this place ain't no Olive Garden, I've never had a bad meal here, great salads and Fresh appetizer menu. Even though its located on South St. There always seems to be alot of parking. The service is always great and the foods delicious, for being an Italian guy who normally wouldn't eat italian food at an Italian chain restaurant this place is one of the few exceptions.Went here with my boyfriend for the first time last Saturday. It was pretty busy but we were seated right away. Our waitress was ready to help us within two minutes and we ordered our drinks! Quick service :)
I ordered the arugula salad & my boyfriend got a medium pepperoni pizza. 
The honey olive oil dressing on my salad was lovely. Best dressing I've ever had! And the mixture of the sweet with the red peppers was fabulous. 
I tried a small slice of the pizza and it was great! Definitely would've had more but the salads are huge and I ate most of it!
Would definitely come back!
Oh, and the decor was so cute!I was surprised at how much space there is inside.  An airy dining room that wasn't too crowded.  
We came for a birthday dinner and got some pasta.  The shrimp fra diavolo was good, and had a whole bunch of seafood in there.  
The lasagna was meaty, and dense.  It was also crazy hot, it wasn't cool enough to eat until almost everyone else at the table was finished eating.  
The quality wasn't bad, but not something that I would typically search out.  Perfectly fine if you are in the immediate area and want some Italian, simple staples.  
Ultimately, I didn't try anything that was too difficult to make, and nothing really surprised me about the quality.How did Pietro's wake up? Flawlesssss! 
Pietro's is a staple of Philadelphia. While living in Philadelphia, I frequented the Rittenhouse Square location, but this was my first time here. Everything (food, drinks, ambiance) was nothing short of extraordinary. 
The Margarita Pizza was delicious with luscious sauce tomato sauce - totally drinkable. I'm typically not a pasta person, but hands down, BEST. PASTA. EVER = Rigatoni ala Vodka. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was creamy and scrumptious. I took seconds. And thirds. Could've gone for fourths. Also, I hate tiramisu, but their homemade tiramisu was one of the best desserts I've had in my life. It was flawless. I took seconds of this too... 
Mind you, I came here for an engagement party (private dining upstairs!) and the food was made catering style for 40+ people. If the chef can perfect food for that many people, major kudos to them! 
Being that I'm not in Philly that often anymore, I always want to try new spots when I'm there, but I legit have been craving Pietro's since I stepped foot out of that restaurant. Looking forward to coming back here on my next visit!This is one of our favorite lunch spots. My husband and I go at least once a week for the salads.  We've also had pasta dinners and pizza here.  They have a great variety of salads and lunch time specials that include a cup of soup! Wait staff is excellent and Angelo is so friendly and welcomes us like family every time we stop in.  Highly recommended.hope i don't get my ass kicked for rating mostly based on service, but it was bitchy!  except for the busboys who were genuinely concerned about their job.  ok, and the food was actually just average.  big portions though, and i will say that the mussels were quite tasty.  the salads (2 different kinds), pasta carbonara, eggplant parm, and even pizza were nothing memorable- so say the trustworthy foodies in my party.  it was a nice atmosphere though, and we did have a good time, but i'm banking on the reason for that being the company we were in.love this food! absolutely delicious! i always get this shrimp and chicken dish with tomato basil cream sauce that is amazing! sangria is pretty damn good too! Place is a bit pricey but well worth the money! i also love the tiramisu! place is also beautiful! love the lighting!Delicious food and cute outdoor dining.  Came here for a photog get together and the venue was perfect.  Upstairs there was a bar, plenty of places to sit and to mingle.  Really great for parties!Very good pizza, salads and their Pasta Bolognese is my daughter's favor meal.Such great coal oven pizza and at a great value in comparison to other neighborhood spots.love love looooove this place!  this is one of our standard weekly go-to spots.  we typically stick with the same order: siciliana salad and a margarita pizza... to die for.  it's simple, but it's just so good.  the pasta and other entree options are also really good.  we love sitting in the bar area - bartenders/waitresses are always super friendly and attentive.  great find for south street!If you are looking for a casual laid back italian eatery this is the place to go in downtown Philadelphia. Their Caesar salad is wonderful with just the right taste. I usually order the chicken parmigiana which comes with a great spaghetti and the top of the chicken has fresh mozzarella cheese backed onto it. The staff is usually very friendly and prompt unless they are extremely busy. This is a great place for a good italian meal at a decent price.Nice very family place.  Big portions.  The pizza was delicious.  And the red sauce/gravy is pretty darn good for a restaurant.  Good service and the prices were pretty good.  Not bad at all!Went here for dinner tonight with a friend. The salad and pizza was SO GOOD!!!!! The salad had the perfect amount of dressing (I think it was balsamic) and we created our own pie which had spinach, mozzarella, and pepperoni. The pepperoni was very fresh and didn't taste or look like the crappy frozen kind other pizza places serve. The only reason I gave them 4/5 stars was because it is a little pricey. They have a good drink selection and the service was great. If I'm in the area I'll come back if I'm craving some pizza.Mediocre food. Seafood pasta was definitely not fresh and fra diavola sauce was not spicy at all. I didn't feel well after eating it. Tiramisu was good however.This place is great. We had good food, great beer and wine and even though it was a Sunday night, there was good atmosphere. They have a good selection of beer and wine and the menu is broad and has several dishes that will put you in a quandry about what to order. I liked the lighting too... not too dark, not too bright. 
Jimmy, the manager, was nice and very accommodating. He took a few minutes to chat with my group and exchange pleasantries.Honestly, this wasn't my intended destination BUT... I am so glad for the chance to try Pietro's.  I was blown away is an understatement. The crust was perfect and I consider myself a harsh critic.  The taste of the classic specialty pizza with the warm pesto and the sausage.  WOW!  Please, do yourself a favor - pick a cool evening, sit on the outside patio, and enjoy.  You can not be disappointed - I promise!  Service was a bit 'interesting' but I was very comfortable and enjoyed a leisurely dinner.I LOVE this place! The servers are always gracious, and the food is delicious without exception. I generally sit at the bar with large sunny windows, or on the patio. The ambience is a great neighborhood restaurant where you feel comfortable just showing up. Highly reccommend.Still a very enjoyable spot. The food is still good and the atmosphere is still great. 
Calamari was awesome. Very flavorful and marinara was great.  The shrimp scampi portion was a little smaller than what I thought but it was very good. The small side salad was def a nice portion size for a few people. The shrimp ravioli was also very tasty. 
It's a nice restaurant for dates or even family outings.Pietro's does not deserve four stars. The food is very good. The atmosphere is nice for South Street. The service is friendly, but lacks any urgency. Our Caesar salad was flavorless aside from the sharp cheese served in slices atop the greens. The house Chianti was awful, but I muscled it down. You get what you pay for. But the real kicker here is the fact that one cannot order a "specialty" pie in any size but medium, or 13". We wanted a large spinach pie, and were told in a very practiced and almost exasperated way that we could only get what was on the menu no substitutions no additions no subtractions. This means that even if we wanted to pay over $25 for a 16" pie, we could not have the large spinach pie, because the pine nuts are not available as a topping in the "create your own pie" section. So Pietro's loses points not just for being less than customer-friendly, but also for being bad at trying to rip people off! Pietro's: if you are going to force me into the a la carte menu, make sure ALL of the offerings are available at the marked-up price. 
Also, while the restaurant had a lot of children in it, it was not "child-friendly" by any means: no crayons, nothing to keep the kids occupied, knives, salt, pepper, hot pepper already on the table, enormous glass tumblers brimming with water served to everyone immediately, etc. If you are going to seat tons of kids, have something for them to do, and have a policy against parents letting the kids run in the aisles.
First and last visit; there is as-good and better pizza to be had in many nearby locations.The inside is beautiful, the staff is welcoming and the food is fantastic. For what you pay, they give you so much that you have a meal to take home! When I was there five years ago I felt as though the portion size was small, they must have made changes for the betterWound up here at a last minute decision for dinner, after hanging for the game at The Irish Times. Never been here before, the food was better than I expected. I was actually thinking this as chain type of  food. I had a great Veal dish that was one of the better ones I have in the city. The Stuffed Shrip app was delicious. The waiter was great and the ambiance was perfect and it wasn't  really loud but more of moderate noise level.
We will be returning to Pietro's in the future. I want to try the pizza next time in!Jackie and I had a very late dinner here ... so we did not want to fill up on too much so we just got the muscles in white wine sauce. The muscles where nice sized, very meaty and delicious.  Then we ordered one of the pizza's that was a special which was a chicken, artichoke, bacon, pesto.
I was a not sure about it but once I tasted it I was hooked ... new personal pizza favorite for toppings.Atmosphere is perfect for a date night with low lighting, Italian veranda decor and big dishes to share. The bread was not the best: hard on the outside and not very soft on the inside. Pretty chewy, but not the "oh this is amazing" kind of chewy.
The smaller sized mediterranean salad was large and came with a nice balance of greens, yellow bell peppers, olives, sweet onions shavings, grape tomatoes and dressing. The cheese ravioli was tasty, though it doesn't seem like it would be enough to fill a hungry stomach.
I didn't know this restaurant had multiple locations, but it's comparable to a Maggiano's, but definitely better than, say, a Macaroni Grill. I'd come back again for another date night because of its convenient location on South Street and because it's great for sharing.This place was empty on a Thursday night. We had to reorder beer 2xs because they were out of what we wanted.  I hope business picks up for the weekend.  We had the small Caesar Salad  and Pizza. The salad was cold and crisp, the dressing was homemade with large chunks of cheese and croutons.  The pizza crust was perfect and made with fresh mozzarella and basil.  I'm impressed!  I'll be back!Very nice dinner with family. Excellent service. Food delivered quickly. Server was very kind and helpful. Delicious Mediterranean salad. Lemon garnish was beautiful although full of seeds.  Rigitoni with vodka sauce was yummy. Pizza was awesome. Lobster ravioli in delicious sauce. They were out of ingredients for signature drink Sicilian Smash so we were slightly disappointed. Overall beautiful outdoor seating and delicious food.This is possibly the most underrated higher end pizzeria in Philadelphia. My husband and I have been dining here since we met some 14 years ago, and always loved their pizza. For our anniversary this year, not wanting to go out, we ordered delivery which I'm pleased to know they now provide. The gentleman whom took our order was very polite, clear, concise, and gracious. I don't remember if I was given a delivery time estimate, but it arrived less than 30 minutes later, nice and hot. We ordered a medium pepperoni and the medium short rib white pizza . The pepperoni tastes like it's hand sliced, and the plentiful mozzarella cheese is top quality and also hand sliced. The crust is crisp all the way to the center. The caramelized onions on the short rib tasted fresh and were so sweet! Short rib was tender and flavorful and the truffle oil that topped it off was the perfect touch to such an indulgent pie. We both looked forward to reheating what was leftover the following day. Their pizzas are so rich in flavor and toppings so you don't need to eat much. I prefer it over Nomad, Stella, Vetri... even Beddia. And you don't have to wait 3 hours for it. (Unlike Beddia.)My boyfriend and I did a date night here last Friday and it was the best pizza I have had in a while. We also loved the portion sizes, it was a great date night for us with great food and drinks.Great restaurant atmosphere and great food across the entire menu. I have went there to eat multiple times and order delivery from them quite often (the delivery comes hot and just as good as if you were to sit on the table). Their sauteed calamari and sausage off the appetizer menu is one of my favorites items. Their salads are all crisp and awesome, the best is their poached chicken salad. Their rolls and oil are good, and their meals have always been great too! 
I have also done family style with a large group. The amount of food they gave was ENORMOUS! their prices are very good. During the nicer seasons they offer outside seating on one of the more nice blocks of South Street and open up their front window panes. Absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.The best meatball I've had so far! The pasta was great, very impressed! Will go back to try the pizza soon!I spent $14 on a calzone. The mozzarella cheese was not melted and wasn't cut all the way through everything fell out. Fucking never buy this shit.I ordered the Wheat Fettuccine Gardinera, and I was soooo disappointed. I believe the business on Walnut Street inbetween 17th & 18th is far better! It seemed to have a bit of a sour taste and it was a waste of my $13. Perhaps I will give it one more try with the Linguine Cielo e Mare... I don't see how anyone could mess that up. However when I last dined at the Walnut Street location our server was incredibly rude! He acted as if whatever we requested was a nuisance, and when we asked for a side of creamy tomato sauce he would tell us, "Oh this is going to cost you extra!" or was just sucking  his teeth and rolling his eyes. Needless to say he didn't get a tip, we gave his tip to the bus boy who had been ripping and running from the time we got there until the time we were about to leave.Pietro's is nice because it's always consistent. This was the first time I dined at Pietro's South. I really liked the ambiance; one section of the dining area was dimly lit with lanterns placed in alcoves above. The spicy calamari and stuffed meatballs were delicious. My boyfriend was spooning the marinara sauce because it was so tasty. I ordered the rigatoni bolognese and it was good but nothing special. I thought the meat sauce could have been less ground, but that may be just my own preference. Overall, Pietro's is consistent and satisfied our Italian / pasta craving, but the bolognese dish was missing something.Service was excellent. Food sub par and over priced. Dinner bill $70 for party of 2. We had eggplant Parmesan which was breaded and soaked in grease., diner spaghetti on the side. Mussels in butter that tasted old and reheated, yuk. Bread warm and stale. Dessert sampler: unimpressive cannoli, "chocolate cheese cake" which was bad cheese cake with chocolate mousse on top. The ricotta cheese cake was excellent though! Only order ricotta cheese cake for dessert. Light texture and great taste.Really loved the decor and atmosphere of this Italian restaurant. The service was prompt and friendly. I started out with fried mozzarella, which was amazing and came out hot. The dinner rolls also came fresh from the oven. My party and I had the Margarita pizza, chicken parm with spaghetti, and ravioli bolognese. The pizza was the most loved dish of the night along with the spaghetti and ravioli. The chicken parm was ok, but was a little tough. Definitely would return for the pizza and mozzarella.Came back for dinner last night. We tried pizza for the first time (four cheeses pizza), it was way too salty! Each of us just had one piece of pizza. Their pasta is as good as always! The service was ok. Will always go back for their pasta! Best pastaGood appetizers, service, and atmosphere. That I have to give them. But the pasta sauces were sweet and tasted really processed. The pizza was ok, but just ok. It was my first time in Philadelphia, I hope there are better places there than this!My family and I came here while in town for a fast pitch softball tournament for our daughter. We stopped here while walking because my daughter wanted Pizza and I an soo happy she did..this has got to be some of the best pizza I have ever had and we just had the 4 cheese pizza I am scared of what would have happened if we got some toppings (would have never left). If you are in area please stop by and eat here you will not be sorry.Love this place! Great food, great service and a comfortable atmosphere! I highly recommend the diablo pasta dish. (Linguini pasta that comes with mussels, clams, calamari and pieces of salmon).Great food, Italian ambience, quick service, excellent portion sizes, all I can say is that I will go to this place for Italian food anytime!Peitro's is a solid family-oriented noisy Italian restaurant marred only by wide screen TVs that no one watches. Both the mussels in white sauce ($14) and Napoli pizza  ($17.50) were very good. We also had stuffed meatballs ($12) and vegetarian friendly risotto balls. Both covered with red gravy. Wine was reasonable at $7 for a pinot grigio and $9 for a California chardonnay. Service was good and food delivered warm and quickly.If you are looking for a good pizza place near Penn's Landing, this is a great option.  Pizza was good,cute place and the fresh bread was amazing.
The line when we were leaving was getting long so I would recommend going earlier in the evening.Not for celiacs!  I used to love their pizza and salad but when I had to stop eating gluten I took my kids there an they were just downright nasty about me asking questions to avoid getting sick. I won't go back and can't reccomend it to others- there are better pizza places in Philly.AMAZING. everything was amazing. I came here with my sister and a friend before a phillies game and everything was to die for.  The service was outstanding and the food was just as up to par.  We started out with fried calamari, which was by far the best traditional italian style fried calamari I've ever eaten.  The bread was brought to our table steaming hot and that a lone would have won be over.  For an entree I got Eggplant Parm with penne vodka and it was the best  vodka sauce i've aten as well. We finished off with a round of espresso which was good as well.  I will definately be taking an hour + drive in the near future to come back to this restaraunt.My mother threw my fiance and I an engagement dinner at this place. We spent well over $300 and tipped very well. My mother wanted to toast with her very own special sparkling grape cider and this woman came to our table and forbid her from opening any of the juice and said if we did she'd charge us $20 per bottle. For sparkling cider. Not alcohol. She then waitresses came over and watch us to make sure we did not open the bottles. In essence this restaurant ruined my mother's toast to her daughter for her engagement. After calling the restaurant the manager Deanna understood why I was upset and it made the experience a little more bearable. 4 stars for being a caring person after said disappointment.