Awesome pies! Great topping combos! Great service! Will definitely come back!Ordered a standard pie which ran around $17.
Quality ingredients, and it tasted great.  No different from Pizza Brain.
They have many other pies, but I'm a traditionalist.  The more expensive pies looked very big/loaded.
No one I have spoken with has anything bad to say about it, and I expect it will do well.  
Similarities to some places in Brooklyn which use fresh ingredients.
Addendum: 
I just bought the same pie as last week.  Completely different pie.
First off, the pizza was very loose in the box, which you don't see.  A pizza should fill a box.  I've worked in pizza places for over 10 years.
Second, it was a lot thicker than the pie I had last week, which I don't love.  And the taste is different because of it.
Initially, place was a 5, and this week, big step down to a 3.
A pizza should fill the box and be consistent.  Didn't look like a Pizza Brain pie.
Latest 04/15/17
Pizza was very good. More than filled the box...Took my kiddos here for a slice and it was pretty chill. It's a nice addition to the neighborhood. The staff was really nice. Got the Jane which is basically their version of a normal cheese pizza. Great quality! The smell of aged provalone was so intense!!! Definitely going back.I am currently eating a pepperoni slice from pizza dad's. This pizza is pretty awesome. It has the perfect dough to cheese and sauce ratio: harmonious. Perfect amount of crunch on the bottom of the pie. The texture is great. The topping wasn't your typical pepperoni either... Artisan? Idk, but good af. I have to say I'm let down by way too many pizza shops. You would think dough, sauce, and cheese could be thrown together to make anything good, but nope. here's to the end of my journey.. These guys figured it out. Bottom line... go here!Today was my second visit to Pizza Dads and I have officially found the pizza holy grail. It's called the Leo. It's a white pie with ricotta and spinach. It was the tastiest slice I've ever eaten period. The place was slammed but everyone that was working there was super engaged and on point. Andrea, who was working the register, took the time to describe each slice available. I couldn't be happier that I went with the Leo. It was everything. I didn't miss the sauce for a second. I was still hungry for more despite their generous slices and had a slice of their cheese pie as well, I think it's called the Jane, and that was delicious too. Check out this new spot immediately. You won't regret it.Really good pizza. On the expensive side but worth it. Some good "designer" slices. Can't remember the name of the slice but it had kale, feta, and balsamic on it. Was delicious!My first time here and the pizzas are made fresh with healthy ingredients. I would definitely come again to pizza dad's.Pizza Dads Redux
Second trip was much better than the first. In retrospect I committed a cardinal sin of ordering Hawaiian pizza (though it was recommended by the cashier) on my first time around. 
This time, we got slices. Simple, greasy, glorious slices. Pepperoni to be exact. They were absolutely massive, and while steep in price, fell within the upper limits of reason. 
I was happy to see no more styrofoam cups! And the addition of Boylan's soft drink products was welcomed.  
All in all, while still expensive ($19 for three slices and two drinks), I seemed to have caught them during an opening bout of growing pains in my first visit. I'll drop in for the occasional slice when I'm feeling a little uppity about the grease trails I want to chomp on.Took my order twice and cancelled it each time without contacting me. When I contacted them I was given an excuse and then someone showed up two hours late with my order after I said forget it. Don't order delivery.The guys behind Pizza Brain have struck gold again. The space may be small be the slices and flavors are not. Definitely my new go-to shop for the areaSO GOOD!!! We got 2slices per person and they were huge, probably only needed 1. You can tell quality ingredients were used, had amazing flavor.  Cant wait to go back.Oh hell yeah that was a giant ass slice of pizza! The dude working was awesome, helpful and nice! No frills no BS kinda spot for a huge slice of pizza with great flavor. Amazing dough. Loved it. Would go back!I've been waiting for this place to open and I'm so glad it's finally here.
I've been to their other counterpart Pizzabrain and I have always liked their pizza there as well.
I didn't think their pizza could get any better. The staff is nice and friendly. Definitely brings a warm environment to the neighborhood. There's also vegetarian options as well. 
My boyfriend got a traditional pie from here and it's great. Ingredients were fresh. 
Ignore the previous reviews with people complaining about prices, if you're looking a place to just get typical philly corner store cheap meh pizza this isn't the place for you. 
But if you're looking for a pizza with actual real ingredients and a tasty consistency to their crust, it's game.Had the Jane pie twice recently. Two weeks ago it was very good. It was cooked properly, perfectly crisp even after delivery. Tonight's delivery was not nearly as good. It was pale, soggy and made with less care than our first order. Unfortunately I would say based on these two experiences that they are inconsistent. I would still like to dine in there and see how that goes.Top quality, huge slices of pizza for a reasonable price. Great combinations, fresh ingredients and a person/story behind the name of every slice. this place is a great go to for anyone craving a hearty, satisfying slice or pie.Crust was not totally cooked but I was in a hurry ! I watched 2 employees whispering then checking all the pies for spotty cooking. No one ever asked or acknowledged .....but they knew and took my $7. Shame on you will never come back again !Amazingly good pizza with fresh ingredients and friendly service.
I enjoyed the Jane pizza with red sauce mozzarella  and the special ingredient Grana Padano aged cheese.
That cheese has an amazing aroma and umami taste! I was still thinking about it that night.
I have a craving to go back and try it again!
This is definitely worth the trip to Brewerytown on GirardAvenue. It's easy to access just off of Kelly Drive if you're down there.Love this place. Whether trying a Special or the Jane, I can consistently expect delicious and creative slices. They keep me coming back for more and more. 
Great service, friendly faces, and top notch decor. And don't even get me started on how amazing their soda machine is. Just trust me on this -- EAT HERE!Pizza Dads ... if I could sum it up in one word it would be Pizzamazinglydelicious .... my own created word of course. If you haven't been it's obviously amazing. The Jane is #1 but you have to try their own spicy oregano seasoning. They serve by the slice with all their homemade ingredients and it's like 2 slices in one... I love this place and the staff is just as awesome. Keep doing what your are doing Pizza Dads you rock and your pizza is just simply awesome!We are fans of pizza brain so we were happy to hear about this new location 5 blocks from our home. I wanted a pie, but did not have time for the 20-30 minute wait, so settled for two slices. The price for two, was about $10 which yes was a little pricey, but we enjoy quality ingredients. The flavor was good, although it was a little too charred for my taste. 
For those of us who knew the corner "when", the decor inside is pretty sad, a few chairs/booths, nothing exciting or eye catching. I guess I expected a little more especially recalling how beautiful the windows were when it was a thriving hat store. Anyway we will chalk these things up to growing pains. I hope they are successful because this part of Girard has been revived in the last few years with places like Spot Burger and RyeBrew, and it would be nice to see the trend continue.The folks that own and run this joint are solid gold, and I prefer the pies that are unique to Pizza Dads to those at Pizza Brain. The Althea, in particular, is a totally unique and delicious pie; I crave it and need to have it at least once a week. The crust on Dads' pies is thin and chewy-crispy, perfectly seasoned and really the best part of their pizzas. It's a great place to meet up with friends or bring the folks (think 2 or 3 in the afternoon, when it's not so busy) and the soda fountain is a perfect pairing. I'm excited to see this place grow and develop into its own- for now it's a delightfully simple pizza parlor with its own identity and homey-ness apart from the Brain.Such yummy pizza! We got the Jane and Leo; it is obvious that they use high quality ingredients and it sets their pizza apart from the rest. I haven't tried their other specialty pies, but the flavor combinations look really creative and I look forward to trying them.
As a Maine native, I was excited to see that they have a Maine Root soda fountain--so good!!!
The atmosphere is different from their original Fishtown location; it is brightly colored and has big windows that are great for people watching.
I will definitely be eating here again soon!So tasty. Their slices are huge. Definitely my favorite pizza in town. 
Two hours later and I am still full off of one slice. Also the staff are very nice. Thanks Pizza Dads!I really love their pizza, especially the specials, I actually like there local specials more than the fishtown loc ! The jerk chicken is KILLER!!!! and it's pretty inexpensive per slice, deff worth trying different types, my girlfriend is vegetarian and has lots of allergies and is really grateful for the options they have for dietary restrictions, lot of places don't even try. I also really love their fountain soda, I've never seen ginger beer in a fountain, and it's as good a ginger beer gets (huge GB fan) I've never been tempted to stop somewhere for a fountain soda, now I daydream about it lol.Finally good pizza close by! I've loved Pizza Brain forever and I am so happy Pizza Dads opened. My only wish...little baby's came with it!! No matter what the slice, it's always perfect.It's the best pizza on Girard Avenue hands down imo . I really like the blend of cheeses they use for there cheese pizza. Nice Italian style pizza. Plenty of seats to sit and eat.Best pizza in Philly. Ingredients are noticeable fresher and good thin crust. Employees were great and places right around to bring beer fromWhen this place first opened, their pizza was good but pricey.  As a patron, i went back for more and the second visit for pizza was just ok. A lil overcooked. Then i went again, and the Pizza was cold but the taste was good.  However, it would have been better if it was a hot slice of pizza (of course).  I went again, and the pizza was good when they gave me my change,  i dropped it into the tip jar. Then,  I decided on another slice, and was short a quarter, and she (the employee) said she could not help me.   I thought maybe i should take my quarters back out of the tip jar and pay the balance which was .25 cents then re- tip Smh. Not cool or friendly.  I came back again a couple of weeks later, which was my final time because, they sold me a $4.00 slice of super burnt and very dry pizza aka the jane pizza.  I could have slapped somebody in the face with it to break their jaw.  It was really that hard and dry. I made mentioned of the burnt slice to the employee and the response was a mumble but no offer for a fresh slice. At that point  I said to myself, i  will never return again.  The Pizza is not consistent and not always good.Wanted to visit Brewerytown and try a new pizza place and this looked fun. I didn't realize it was owned by Pizza Brain initially, probably would not have come if I knew but I was pleasantly surprised. The pies here are really tasty, however very messy. They make the crust perfectly it's crunchy and thin with blackened parts on the bottom. I wish the toppings, cheese and sauce stayed all together better, there are a lot of juices flowing everywhere and it's hard to pick up a slice at first and bite in without everything jumping off but that being said the taste is a 10/10 and that's most important to me.Pizza Dad's is great ingredients with nice staff but the place may be characterized as a hot mess.
Staff seems unprepared for curve balls thrown their way. Place out of sausage AND pepperoni by 6pm on a Friday. Perhaps a shipping issue but that is pretty alarming issue. 
Also while there a couple asked for a refund on their order because a random guy came in yelling which scared their kid senseless. Employee couldn't get tablet to refund them and even with the owner or manager on the phone still couldn't figure it out.
Then a dude clearly high on something (he had been laying on the corner sidewalk earlier and had a pretty hard time getting back on his own two feet) walked into the place and just started milling around. Not the staff's fault at all but the fact they were so short staffed they couldn't do anything about the guy was not a good reflection on ownership. 
Pizza Dad just seems a bit out of their depth right now. Understaffed and overworked on busy nights coupled with supply issues either means someone doesn't know how to operate this place properly or they don't have the time to put the work into it.Not a fan at all. Usually hit up uncle nicks for slices but was ashamed of going twice in a week so wanted to give this spot a try. 2 plain cheese slices were 8$, that's insane. I should have asked the price before i ordered but I digress. Cheese was overpowering and hardly any sauce whatsoever on the slices. Lower crust was crazy flimsy, so thin and floppy it was almost transparent. Upper crust was nice, had a good crunch and had some bubbles which I love. Can't justify paying 8$ for 2 plain slices when you can get better a few feet away and cheaper.Just moved to the neighborhood and tried Pizza Dads as our first pizza experience. Will for sure be coming back often. Long hot pepper aioli on the side is to die for !YAY! Finally a pizzeria that offers vegan cheese :D  I ordered a personal pizza with vegan cheese and arugula and shared it with my lover for only $13. We were super stuffed and leftovers for dinner. I love the big windows that make you feel like you're eating outside. The service was great and our pizza came out pretty fast. Bad news for my wallet because I will be stopping by on a regular basis!The entire experience was a f*cked up mess. I can forgive the fact that they did not have a delivery driver on staff, or that when we got there to pick up our order there was a female employee verbally assaulting another customer. But I can't forgive the fact that after saying that we had a severe onion allergy (which the female employee noted and repeated back to me on the phone) we got home with our pizzas to find one loaded with onions. To make matters worse, the other pizza we ordered was also incorrect. Though we did call and got a refund, the quality was so disappointing, even for free pizza.Pizza Dad's is great ingredients with nice staff but the place may be characterized as a hot mess.
Staff seems unprepared for curve balls thrown their way. Place out of sausage AND pepperoni by 6pm on a Friday. Perhaps a shipping issue but that is pretty alarming issue. 
Also while there a couple asked for a refund on their order because a random guy came in yelling which scared their kid senseless. Employee couldn't get tablet to refund them and even with the owner or manager on the phone still couldn't figure it out.
Then a dude clearly high on something (he had been laying on the corner sidewalk earlier and had a pretty hard time getting back on his own two feet) walked into the place and just started milling around. Not the staff's fault at all but the fact they were so short staffed they couldn't do anything about the guy was not a good reflection on ownership. 
Pizza Dad just seems a bit out of their depth right now. Understaffed and overworked on busy nights coupled with supply issues either means someone doesn't know how to operate this place properly or they don't have the time to put the work into it.I was really disappointed with this place.
I asked for a tomato pie and an additional topping of some provolone cheese but was refused because their strict policy is to only use vegetarian cheese on this type of pizza.
The slices we settled on instead of a freshly made pizza were nothing out of the ordinary because they had been sitting for a while and were also very disappointing.
The regular cheese pizza my friend ordered was oozing red grease out of the slice. My slice of kale pizza was also very dry. The only redeeming thing was the crust had a nice consistency.
The extraordinary thing was that a slice of pizza and a soda is $7.50
I can't see how they will survive in this neighborhood which has a lot of lower income people who won't get this higher price concept.
There are many good quality Artisanal pizza places in the city that are much less expensive with much better quality.
I drove all the way over there from South Philly and it will definitely be the last time that I drive to either of these  establishments.
I remember I also had a similarly bad experience at the other pizza Brian location in Fishtown where there was no flexibility on making substitutions.If you like regular pizza this is not the place for you. I'm a simple girl, all I need is tomato sauce and mozzarella and I'm usually happy, this is not going to be my new pizza spot. These are unconventional pizzas, with unique and different ingredients than most places. If you're not in the mood for typical pizza this is the place for you. There was nothing wrong with my experience per se, just not for me. And that's all I have to say about that.This pizza shop is what i call a disgrace to the food. The only thing good about the place is the nice staff. While the pizza slices are large they are 4.50 for 1. Are you kidding me. 4.50 for 1 slice. Little ceacars gives me an entire pie that isnt burnt for 5 dollars. Buts that not even the worst. The pizza looked bad. The crust was completely burnt, pepperoni slices oddly small and i swear the took leaves from the trees outside and put it on my pizza. The entire pizza was bad. I expect them to run out of business soon. I even make jokes abouf thr resturant like " if you dont do this ill give you pizza dads" or something like that. Go here for the memes other than that, just keep moving on.Exceptional pizza,  premium ingredients, large slices. You pay more for a slice like this because it's top of the line. Definitely worth it.  Shop has a simplistic  and fun vibe.Delicious!! Awesome pizza in a sweet little spot up in the Brewery-Town neighborhood.Woah. Pizza Dads. Steppin' up the pizza game in Brewerytown! I ordered a Rushton (I think that's what it was) and it was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had, probably ever.
Now the price is definitely steeper than your other pizza options close by but it's worth the extra money. The crust is nice and thin, the ingredients taste fresh - my boyfriend and I ate in silence with random "mmm"s thrown in because it was THAT good. 
To sum this all up, if there was a 6 star option yelp, it'd go to Pizza Dads.Some small things that are troublesome, and some large things that cannot be overlooked in my opinion. 
First off, $23 for a glorified Hawaiian pizza is questionable. $23 for a Hawaiian pizza that doesn't have much of a defining taste is a mistake to not make twice. I can see that the use of presumably higher quality products leads to a smaller sense of the traditional greasy pizza shop tastes, as well as a higher markup, but damn. 
Secondly, for the aforementioned pizza, we waited about 25 minutes (from the time my banking app alerted me a purchase went through to receiving the pizza). Long for a single pie, and others got their pies before us, though had arrived after. Nothing insane really, but still a sticking point with other factors considered. 
Lastly, and a small qualm for me, is the styrofoam cups. Not to climb atop some high horse, but it just feels dated. The place seems to be striving for a 70's feel, but one in which the double digit inflation never ended in terms of pizza pricing. 
On a pizza per dollar scale, this place just isn't justifiable to me.Very disappointed after our experience tonight. We have had Pizza Dad's a couple of times in the past and it is very tasty. Unfortunately, we didn't get our pizza tonight. 
We waited for over 45 minutes in the shop, along with our 2 toddlers and baby for nothing. We asked if our pizza was getting close after 20 minutes, and again after 30 minutes and the lady replied that "it's coming". 45 minutes after we had ordered, the shop had cleared out and we were the only ones remaining (people had come after us, eaten their pizza and left by this point), and we asked again if our single pizza was close to ready, and were told that it will be made soon. 
The pizza wasn't even in the oven!!! With 3 screaming children and a vagrant coming in and out of the shop repeatedly, we had enough waiting. We asked for a refund which was another debacle. She didn't know how to give us a refund, so she got on the phone with the manager who tried to talk her through it, but she still couldn't do it. 
With 3 very hungry children (and 2 adults) we had to leave to get dinner somewhere else without receiving confirmation of a refund. What a disgrace. 
Headed straight over to SPOT burger and had our delicious dinner within 10 minutes.
Follow-up post: it is now Nov 13 and I still have not received a refund after many emails and phone calls to the owner...extremely disappointing.I grew up on Long Island and consider myself a pizza snob. There are 2-3 places around Philly that produce pizza that can meet the NY style and standard and Pizza Dads is one of them. 
I live close enough that I always pick the pizza up in person. I have had ordered standard off the menu, made slight adjustments and created my own pies, and never had an issue with quality or customer service. Sometimes the pies are bigger than the box, but I don't see that as an issue. 
It is not every week pizza, some of the recipes are a bit decadent for me and they are not cheap. But for me, the quality and uniqueness make these a special treat and wonderful option to have in this corner is the city. 
Now, if they could get Little Baby's Ice cream to open up a small stand nearby they would crush it.It's always hit or miss with this place. I want to give it 5 stars, but then I want to give it no stars. 
Either they're out of pepperoni or sausage or the pizzas will have skimpy ingredients and sometimes it's spot on deliciousness. Tonight I feel over this place because I went for some slices, which looked good, but discovered they were burnt after taking them home.We ordered two pies--the Henrietta, one of their "classics" and the Althea, one of their "signature" pies. Both pies were $23. I do think that it's a little pricey for this 'hood, but it is a rapidly growing part of city so it wasn't particularly surprising. Both were good and interesting tasting.
The restaurant itself is small and really nothing special to look at unfortunately. Why don the name "Pizza Dads" and then walk into nothing with that theme? It's like naming a place "Flowers" and inside there's not a single stamen or pistil (ya feel me?). Or at least like keep the other Millinery Shop feel to it since you kept that name on the facade.
I would say that this place is experiencing some growing pains. My neighbor told me she tried going there yesterday and there was a 2 hour wait for the pies. We came today and it was a 20 minute wait (which actually ended up being 40). When they brought out one of our pies, it was the wrong pie. So you can tell that the boom of business is a little chaotic for them. 
I'm hoping that my second trip they will be a lot more settled. Not the best pizza place in Philly, but happy that they're in the neighborhood. Best thing is that they have interesting combos of pizzas. Not sure if it's worth a drive over, but if you're in the neighborhood, eat up!The pizza is delicious but they gotta get the service up. I was there the same day the reviewer Raymond S was (watched the whole thing go down much to my dismay). We ordered a pie and waited probably 35 minutes for it. The pie came out with no cheese whiz on it and when we let the cook know and asked for wiz we got a dirty look and then he said it was gonna be 10 more minutes. I understand communication break down, but much like Raymond's review, the cashier/order taker never once looked at our table and thought "oh shit where's their pizza?" It was not even remotely busy either.The pizza is good although a bit pricey but was really put off on our recent visit by super, loud, blaring punk rock music playing! Why would you blare punk rock music in the afternoon at a pizzeria? Not a great way to get new or loyal business unless people looking to grab a slice really like loud punk music. My guess is that would be a very small portion of this neighborhood. I asked the young man working to lower it which he did and apologized. He seemed relieved as I don't think he liked it either. It was very unwelcoming. We almost took our pizza to go as it would have been unbearable to sit through that. I like all music and don't mind loud music  but don't need to listen to the Sex Pistols at 5 pm on a Tuesday when I'm trying to unwind from my day. Definitely not family friendly or date friendly.If you're from nyc and think you can grub a couple slices as a snack, you're in for IT. And by it I mean you're probably gonna ruin your dinner. They're huge and tasty and decidedly un-bang bang-able..Everything I've eaten here is excellent. The vibes are great, their choice of soft drinks (Maine Root brand) is refreshing and the pizza doesn't disappoint. In comparison to Pizza Brain-- similar taste, chiller vibes. Pop on by Crime and Punishment to grab a growler and guzzle it down at PDads with a fresh slice.Cool people, love the classic pizzeria tables. Pizza by the slice is close to $5 but it's damn good and a pretty large slice. They use fresh veggies, quality cheese, the crust is delicious and thin and made with unbromated unbleached flour. Whole pies though aren't too crazy $$ for what they offer compared to other shops and they have vegan cheeses if you want vegan pizza (only by order though).Ordered two slices from a very limited selection of pizza options available for slices, both of which were heavily burned during the reheating process. I wasn't the only one who had this issue and noticed several other patrons complain directly with the staff about the issue. I'm a big fan of Pizza Brain and really want this place to succeed, but the operations seemed strained to stand up a quality experience. My wife and I came to this place several weeks back and had some great slices, but things have definitely gone downhill. I believe in you Pizza Dads, bring back the quality and I will definitely come back.UPDATE: 6/29/2018
I think I now love this place.  They finally have a good amount of toppings and they are VERY tasty.
I still split time between here and Nick's, but I must say I am impressed.
-------
I want to love this place, really I do, but I just can't get behind such skimpy slices.
I've had a few different slices now and each one has followed a pretty similar pattern.  The crust is the best part of their pizza, it's thin, it's crispy, it has real flavor to it. Very good.  The toppings though, they skimp, they skimp so bad.  I had a slice that was supposed to be chicken and broccoli, there was maybe 3 tiny pieces of broccoli and 3 tiny chunks of chicken; very disappointing, especially when paying $4.70 for a slice.
I appreciate the interesting combinations of toppings, the freshness, and the quality, but if you're going to charge nearly $5 a slice, it better have a good amount of stuff on it, otherwise you're just paying for a name or an image. 
P-Diddy's is great for a fancy slice every now-and-then when you're in the mood for something different; but my go-to is still Uncle Nick's down the street, where Harry will hook you up with a fresh pizza that is loaded with toppings for ~2/3 the price.My girlfriend and I absolutely love pizza dads!! If you live in the Brewerytown/Fairmount neighborhood, make sure you walk over and give this place a whirl. Their ingredients are top notch and they always manage to prepare your pizza with minimal wait. I don't believe they deliver yet, but a conversation I had with an employee made it seem like that's in the works. Taking off a star because it's slightly overpriced, but I guarantee there is no way you'll be disappointed with the taste.Good but expensive. I ordered a cheese pie with pepperoni and sausage and it was $28! Not sure if they rang me up wrong as when I looked at my receipt I saw it under "Forbes Pie"Got take out pizza from them during the pandemic and overall an OK experience but with good pizza. 
Ordered online which unfortunately a bit confusing. We ordered a half/half pizza and then immediately got a call saying that they were out of everything needed for the pizzas we ordered. Glad they called but it was frustrating that everything we got quite excited for (Their pizza flavors sound great!) wasn't available. We picked up our pizzas - minimal contact  which was nice. Unfortunately they completed messed up the order which we didn't realize til we got home. They put the wrong extra toppings on the wrong sides of the pizza. Supposed to be Ollie on one side, with pepperoni, banana peppers and mushrooms on the other. Ended up with the Ollie with the banana peppers and mushrooms on that side, and pepperoni on the other side. The side with the pepperoni was actually delicious but the other side was quite overwhelming and too much sour flavor with the double olives and banana peppers. 
Overall the pizza was good with nice thin crust, not too heavy on the grease and not too heavy on the toppings either. Price might seem steep for pizza but I felt it was worth it. I just wish they had a way to update the website when they ran out of things and that they got the toppings right. They also don't serve anything other than pizza. If you good basic pizza thats not super fancy but just done well, give them a try!Can't accept an order for 1 pepperoni pizza for pick up more than a half hour before closing?? Must be nice not to need the business. Didn't realize they were doing so well to lose a local customer.Same quality I've come to expect from the Pizza Brain family. The big differences with this shop versus the one in Fishtown: the space is better lit, for one. The pizza is more customizable, too. There is no museum "gimmick," it's just about the pies. Plus, fountain soda! 
I loved the new lamb pizza (which I don't think Pizza Brain carries), but I was comforted that many of my favorites from Pizza Brain are still here. I love that they staff people from the neighborhood too.Great staff making great pizza. We came in pretty late last night and they were really cool to us even though they were a few minutes from closing. That kind of customer service means a lot to me - I'll definitely be backSo happy to have an awesome pizza place in Brewerytown. Pizza was super fresh and a step above most. If you have ever been to pizza brain, you get the same quality of pizza.Great flavor and presentation effort even on a plain slice. Too pricey in my opinion. Little cheesy for my personal liking and the crust was pretty hard ... however it's flavor did not disappoint. Curious to try Pizza Brain!I ordered a 16" plain cheese pie for delivery via Caviar. The service was good but the pizza sauce just tasted a little weird. The pie costed me $16 which isn't too bad. I wouldn't order delivery again because there are other places in the similar price range but I'm open too giving this place a try in person!!Pizza dads is fantastic when it's fantastic. Here is the problem.... the pizza seems to be different depending upon who is making it that day. We get the Patrick which when made by the right person is great. The last time we had it, there was way too many toppings and the garlic was not cooked enough which made the whole pie hard to eat. When we had it the week before,it was delicious and seemed like a completely different pie. Pizza dads has all the components to be a great place. They just need to focus on consistency and possibly staff training.I have now tried this place a handful of times hoping it will blow me away, however I cant justify the price/quantity/taste. The amount of meat on the pizza is pathetic compared to the pizza shop on the same block. Maybe I just got spoiled. The taste and texture of the dough seems to be pretty inconsistent. I have been to Pizza Brain only once and very much enjoyed it, I had such high hopes for PD's but every time I have been disappointed. I think im going to give up on it for a while.Pizza Dads Re-Redux
Third review is going to stick for eternity as I'm not heading back. Waited in the store for 20 minutes for two slices of pizza. Went to walk out and write the store off, but decided to ask for my money back. That's where I encountered a problem - a large unforgivable one. 
I was originally told "oh, we were calling your name but you were outside". Funny, because I was inside for all but literally the 10 seconds I thought about leaving without a refund. This is what made me angry, them trying to flip the issue of waiting on me. So, after calling that lie out (and having the cook become adamant he called my name), I was then fed the excuse that the ticket fell. So, which could it have been? I, and they, clearly did not know. 
How does someone sit in your store for 20 minutes and you don't check on them once to make sure they are okay service-wise? Did they think I came to their pizza shop for the ginger ale?
Dude then tried to give me less money back than I paid for my order, and I had to show him on my banking app how much I actually paid. 
Good (if not great) pizza when you actually get it, but if you get it relies on hipster fucks wearing high socks and Vans working an iPad. 
One piece of advice - GO TO SPOT BURGER, IT IS DOPE.If you've been to Pizza Brain, you'll know what to expect for the type of pies offered here.
Quality ingredients and interesting combos.  It's a plus that they offer a greater variety of slices than at the flagship storefront.
The slice size last night was inconsistent, with one of the slices the expected large size for the price, but the other 2 falling short.
They also seem to let a lot of non-customers wander through to use the restroom, so the experience of dining here was rather similar to the experience of waiting for the bus at 29th and Girard.OK I wanted to say four stars but I like to give pizzas the benefit of the doubt. Especially when they're made by dads. I wonder if they're real dad's or not because these guys kind of look like hipsters in the 20s. my friend Ajay also likes the pizza he says " The ginger juice is so hittin that I feel like I'll never get coronavirus."Thank you, Pizza Dads was generous with extra pizza after the burnt pie.
Hope to get some good slices here again soon.I saw this place on Food Channel talking about their cheesesteak pizza.  The slice looked like it been sitting there for a while.  I should have order a whole pie or went back later.   Kevin was great and they are very 'neighborhood' minded.Really solid pizza. Their pepperoni is really something special. The location itself is kind of a dive, take out and delivery is fast and reliable. So happy this opened up in Brewerytown, the neighborhood needs other places like this.Our friend was visiting from New York City, so we had decided to show her all the wonderful things Philadelphia has to offer. After spending the whole day exploring the area, we decided to order pizza and go back home to eat comfortably in our loungewear and watch a movie. We ordered from Pizza Dad's via their website because we were not able to call them. I heard about them from another Philadelphia food blogger who recommended it to us. 
We got the classic Jane pizza pie. The pizza tasted great, but it I was not a fan of the crust. It was much crispier than I had anticipated. The sauce had a slight kick to it that I really enjoyed. 
I will say that the pizza was a little cold when we received it. I can't say if that is due to the 5 minute drive we took to get home or if we got it somewhat cold from the store. But we popped it back into the oven and it was warm and ready within 5 minutes. The portions are large and 3 people were satisfied with 1 pie. Couldn't complain for $20. Overall, really solid pizza if you're looking for a twist on the normal pizza. I like that it is close to where I live so it gives us another option when it comes to pizza. Will have to try the white pies at some point, especially the Ollie Pie, which has caught my eye.Pricey, but quality pizza.
I stopped by for a quick slice and drink which ran my bill to nearly $8 (steep).
No doubt, this pizza is fresh and high quality ingredients were used. Pepperoni pizza was delicious. Thin crust and crisp.
They have many different choices for slices.
It's very low-key and casual spot with indoor and outdoor seating. Service is friendly.
I will definitely return to try some other things!Somehow serving up bad versions of the same pies that are great at Pizza Brain. Only good thing is the in-house crushed peppers mix.Not sure what happened here...This place used to be a highlight reel but the  pizzas we got tonite were bad and worse...the "Leo"  had no flavor and was so overdone it was like eating a saltine...the Jane was only slightly better but by no means anything even remotely special...  after we all had our first slice we considered calling and asking for our money back...it was that bad...for their sake i hope it was an anomaly... im outOrdered a half and half carryout pizza from Pizza Dads because I wanted pizza and they have been on to-try list for a while. Half and half is an option as long as both options are red pizzas or both options are white pizzas. Because of this, I went with half Gail and half Patrick Maxwell. Gail has kale, creme fraiche, mozzarella, mushrooms, red onions, goat cheese, Grana Padano, and a balsamic reduction. Patrick Maxwell has root beer braised brisket, mozzarella, sharp provolone, hot cherry peppers, sauteed onions, and an option for cheese whiz which I went with.
All pizzas are the same size which is a large 16 inch thin crust. I like the style of pizza and the crust was good. The odd thing was that neither of the topping options seemed to be executed completely cohesively. Both of them had one topping that seemed to be the dominant flavor and in both cases it was the sauce that is drizzled on top. For Gail, the balsamic reduction was sweet and this was prominent to me and a bit of a turn off. For Patrick, the dominant flavor was the cheese whiz which took away from what might have been good brisket. But I still liked the whiz option and would absolutely keep it on the pizza. This was a white pizza and next time I will definitely try a red pizza. 
Overall, I would rate it more like 3.5 stars and battled with myself internally over whether to round up or down. I liked the pizza (better than average) and I appreciated their proclaimed interest in better ingredients. It's not really 4 stars in my opinion after this first time trying them. Maybe after another visit with a red pie I will feel more confident in my rating.I thought pizza dads was ok, not great ok. I had a couple of slices that were thrown into the oven when the guy behind the counter took a break from playing on his phone. He didnt seem to be that interested in being there. 
The place was a little dingy. The slices were pretty decent for sitting around for a while. The place was empty. I really dont know what else to say about this place. It certainly didnt meet my expectations with the pizza and the staff was very lackluster. I doubt I would ever stop in again, there are just too many pizza places in this city and around this one. I just got the feeling that they rest on their laurels, like we got this. Whatever. 
If you're in the neighborhood I suggest you stop in and see for yourself. It's worth one stop I guess.I can't tell you anything about the pizza because I tried to order one at 8:30 on a Friday and they told me they closed at 7:30?! The guy blamed it on corona but it's Sept. 4th. I don't know if I'll try again another day, I just spent 40 minutes reading their reviews here and on google just to be thorough so, yeah I'm mad.This place is awesome, best pizza in the fairmount/brewerytown area for sure. Will continue to order from here.Unfortunately the common negative you here from the reviewers is accurate. "Inconsistent " is what happens when you take anyone off the street and employ them to make pizzas after what, 1 shift of training?   Proper pizza makers take years of training an underling before giving them the reigns.  However I will still order the Patrick delivered and reheat in the oven for that desired crisp bc it is pretty good and as we know, Philly isn't flooded in good when it comes to pizza 
Tighten up pizza dads, QC your pizza makers for the love of godNowhere else I'd get pizza from in the neighborhood (or really anywhere is philly). The slices are huuuggeee and thin-crusted and freaking delightful. Big fan of the man with the beard slingin' slices. An absolute treasure of a human. They also make heart shaped pizzas on Valentine's Day, which is pretty damn cool. Go here!!!! It's worth it!