great pizza~~~ the sauce is good. I cant wait to try their other items. Next time Ill call ahead for my eat in order so that my toddler doesnt get too angry. I want to see more local sodas in the refrigerator case (that dont have artificial flavorings). ALSO the people that work there were super nice to my fam and were very pleasant. WEBSITE is needed!!!! or at lease put the menu on yelp.Visited Pizzeria Nonna for the first time this week and I was blown away by the taste of the pizza. I look forward to trying their pasta and sandwiches in the weeks to come.
I hope the success of this place helps revitalize this section of Germantown.Wow. Perfect. Exactly what pizza should be. I grew up in central NJ outside of Manhattan and now my mom lives in W. Mt. Airy. We ate here tonight and it was like a west coast transplant's dream come true, right in Germantown. Bravo, pizzeria Nonna. Don't change a thing except maybe get a soda fountain!This is really a review for the service.  The food was actually decent but the presentation was horrible.  
I ordered two dishes (eggplant parm & shrimp scampi) for delivery a few weeks back.  Called an hour in and they said on its way.  Called another 45 minutes later to cancel order and the guy showed at our door so we accepted the order.  It was a cold mess, covered in grease/oil that I had to peel away.  The entrees were plentiful but they were not cheap ~ $28 or so for two dishes delivered.
I realize this is a new business and they have some kinks to work out with regard to how it's done. I will be glad to update my review once I have the pizza, which I am dying to try based on other patronizers' reviews.  I just think I will have a hard time convincing my other half to order there again.  
This area really could use some great eateries locally and I was stoked to try them out but I hope they step up their game soon.  Maybe the walk-in experience will turn me around.First off, this place is a hidden gem. Second, I haven't had pizza this good in YEARS. Super friendly workers. Open kitchen. You can see the fresh ingredients being used. Would highly recommend!!!!Best pizza I've ever had, outside of Rome.  Not that I'm comparing it to the pizza you get in Italy.  Especially because my favorite at Nonna is the square pie.  But the crust is so good you don't need the cheese, sauce, and toppings.  I'm praying they stay in business, I'd be heartbroken if I couldn't get this pizza again.  Also, the sausage and the mushrooms are outstanding. High-quality everything.  p.s. people should rate on food only. If the food is outstanding I think it's just crummy for people to downgrade the stars due to delivery, etc. Just my opinion. But if I'm looking for a good place and see an average of 3.5 or 4 stars I'm not necessarily going to read each review to see why, so it's a disservice to the restaurant.Quick delivery, super tasty pizza! I'm excited to try the rest of the menu of specialty pizzas. The whole family loved the plain pizza. Finally some excellent pizza in our neighborhood!Took my kids here for dinner after reading the good reviews. I recently moved to Germantown from Mount Airy, and was happy to see that the folks who run the grain exchange also run this. We had a round pizza, with meatballs. It was amazing. Crust is superb, sauce is fantastic. We also had a eggplant parmesan sandwich, it was also amazing. This place is fantastic!!Awesome pizza, great soup (pumpkin bisque), and fun staff! Crust was perfectly thin and tomato sauce was tangy and yummy.This is the best place to eat pizza!!!! They are very tasty, big and the dough is perfect. It is not so expensive and it's really worth it. On the other hand the people who work there are very nice and always smiling. The local is very clean and they also have a TV and WiFi. 
If you are near to Pizzeria Nonna you need to good because of you don't go you will regret it.Love this place. Best Pizza around and lovely welcoming staff. They have a NEPA square pizza which isn't totally my style but love it! Try their beer on tap, when I last went in they had 2 and were about to get wine as well!I just bought a buffalo chicken Stromboli, which is not on the menu. I must say to watch the willingness to make it and watch them make it, it was amazing!! Best one I've had thus far. Great customer service and conversationI really wanted to like this place, but it just doesn't cut it. The square pizza is interesting, with a crust  like foccasia, and amazing sauce, but very little cheese. I was the only one in my family who ate it, so I thought I'd try their simple round margherita pizza next- how could you go wrong with tomato, mozzarella and basil? I told my kids I was bringing home a cheese pizza- big mistake! No, sorry, it came with 8 tiny thin circles of mozzarella, which meant I basically paid almost $20 for bread and sauce (with eight bites with cheese on it.)
I'm not sure what they have against cheese, but I'm not going back again.This is my favorite pizzeria in Philadelphia, I have tried it a lot of times and their quality never changes. And also, you always will get a smile. It's really a good restaurant, and please, if you go, you have to try the Chicken bacon ranch pizzaSo excited to have Nonna in our neighborhood! C'mon Germantown! Support this great business! The pizza was amazing can't wait to try the pastas and salads.This is very nice place!! It's nice to see something new and clean in the Germantown area! Menu has a lot of things to offer. I look forward to coming here more often and making it my regular pizza place. The price isn't awesome but hey I'm getting good pizza so I'm alright with it!Top 5 in the city, without question the best anything north of the city.   The pizza is great and anyone who says otherwise doesn't know pizza.  The pasta is really good too, but doesn't travel well.  The sandwiches could honestly use work, I'm not a fan of their bread choices.  All around, a very solid spot.I'm from out of town. Ordered from this spot because of the high ratings. Lost one star due to my pizza arriving an hour after delivery instead of the quoted time. I can forgive that due to the snow on the ground. The pizza was still more than warm and absolutely delicious!  We had a basic pepperoni pie with extra cheese. The slices are huge! I love that the crust doesn't over run the pizza...compliments it nicely with an appropriate crunch. I'd place this pie in my top 3 with Fuel (Charlotte, NC) and Monster pizza (Seoul, S.Korea) as my first and second choices.The first time I was here a few weeks ago, it was GREAT - even though they were very, very busy.  Tonight, I ordered 2 pizzas to go, a Margherita and an Old Forge.  Sub-par, to be kind. The Margherita was too thin and overcooked.  The Old Forge was burned.  If I wasn't so tired, I would have taken them both back.  I will try once more in the future, but I am very disappointed.As of last night I've eaten here three times and all three times have been excellent.  The dough used on their pies is fantastic and when you get one fresh out of the oven the crust has a slight crispiness that's to die for.  The only pie I've had in the area that rivals theirs are the ones the Pitruco truck puts out, but Nonna has so much more in her kitchen.  The cannolis are equally as delicious and filled when ordered to prevent sogginess of the shell.  Their garlic knots are like little loafs of bread and the Italian hoagie has top notch quality meat and cheese.
Honestly the only complaint I could levy would be the bread on the hoagie I had was a touch stale and the filling, while excellent in quality was also a bit on the modest side of full.  However both of those complaints could be written off as opening week glitches.  The pizza is the #1 item they need to get right, and they knocked it out of the park!  I look forward to trying some of their pastas and the square pies.Yooo I said this is good this is really good like 2 or 3 times while I was eating. Crust is nice tooOrdering their pizza has become a Friday night tradition.   Best pizza in the area.  Fast courteous service and a no frills dinning area makes it all about the quality of the food and not the dining experience.  You will not be disappointed.  Ordering now.I heard mixed reviews about this place & was about to get discouraged by the negative reviews & not go. I'm so glad I decided to make my own decision & check it out. It was AMAZING! Point to note, it is no longer a BYOB, they currently serves beer (growlers for sale soon) & will be serving wine in the next few weeks.  They were still nice enough to let us drink the bottle we brought *shhhh*.  We started with the calamari & ordered a round pepperoni,  ricotta,  & roasted garlic & it was DELICIOUS! The crust was crisp, the right amount of ricotta, & the garlic was sweet (we took it off, smashed it, & then spread it back on top). We are STILL thinking about dinner & the next time we can go back! Also...THEY DELIVER!!I've only been here once but highly recommend it still. Ordered 3 slices of pizza. Each was different but I liked them all. There's no parking lot for this establishment but street parking in immediate area is meter less, which is a good thing! There's also seating inside. another plus, in my estimation.
^only reason I didn't give 5 stars I think the pizza  is a little overpriced - but then the owner's rent is high, in all likelihood.Update : need to work on the service, the people answering the phone are somewhat terrible.  The food is still delicious.Best pizza on Germantown Ave! Very hectic on a Friday night, but they still take care of their sit down customers.Place makes really good pizza but the service is TERRIBLE- delivery takes forever and they screw it up 50% of the time. Its no better to eat there either- waited over an hour before when dining in. If they can get it together they'd be awesome but the wait times and order mix ups happen far too often.I so wanted to like this place, but we ordered delivery - chicken alfredo - and they forgot to deliver the chicken! They apologized...but not cool. and then the alfredo didn't have any flavor! 
I should say I've walked in before and ordered a pizza, which I enjoyed. I won't rule it out...yet.Pizza is delicious! Sauce is tangy just the way I like it. Slammin' pizza! Wine selection is limited to one local winery,  Kara Moor. I love that they are supporting local. Wine is ok; best drunk with pizza. Need to remove the fluorescent lighting from over the tables. It kills the atmosphere that is lovely over the other tables that don't have fluorescent lighting. Service is kind and warm. I recommend this place. Great addition to the neighborhood!Delicious pizza with a great atmosphere, professional yet inviting. I'm very happy to have them in the area.Pizzeria Nonna never lets me down. Delicious pizza, friendly employees. Some of the best pizza I've had anywhere in Philly. Whenever passing through the neighborhood I always stop in. Tons of choices on the menu board the customize your pizza with fresh ingredients. There aren't many pizza joints that keep this level of quality up on a consistent basis. Nonna is one. Give them business so they stick around for a long time!!great new spot in mt. airy.  service had a few kinks the first few trips but the pizza is really great here, especially the Chicken Parm.  We've only done take-out so far but they've got two pool tables, a juke box and what appears to be a few decent beers on tap if you want to dine in.  as always, parking can be a b*tch around there but that's true of that strip of germantown avenue regardless of the establishment.I enjoyed the first meal. Have been back at least 3 times. But $10. For a hoagie is ridiculous. And extra $ for hot peppers! AND... The sandwich is tiny!Awesome place to have in Germantown! One of the nicest restaurants in the area. The food and decor are both great. I think they could do a bit more about the atmosphere, perhaps some brand-appropriate music. I also think there is still some progress to be made with the service. The wait-staff continued to have a conversation even while guests (us) stand at the counter waiting to order. They also don't really know the menu.  I'm giving them a pass because the food is good and the place is really well-designed and because they're in Germantown.  With a few tweaks this place could be amazing!Great food. I've eaten here plenty of times and have yet to have something bad. Service is quick and very friendly. A hidden gem in Germantown.Applause, applause for another investor showing faith in the area with their sweat equity and financial livelihood. The tomato sauce is absolutely delicious.  How you would make it at home if you had the time and talent.  Delivery service was beyond quick.We had a cheese pizza and a spinach, tomato and ricotta pizza. The crust was chewy and not too thick. The slices from the 18" round were plenty big. Both were delicious.I am happy to have a new pizza joint but honestly haven't  found it to be as good as everybody was sayin. Had it delivered 2x and it was a lil soggy and floppy for my tastes.  Also expensive! Can you please put a menu on line that is easy to find for goodness sake.We were really excited for this place. (I should start by saying that this is regarding the counter service.) The pizza was delicious. Some of the best I've ever had. But the service?! That leaves something to be desired. We came in on a weekend, thinking it would be busy.
There wasn't a full table in the restaurant. This should've been a HUGE sign for us. The counter lady was talking to us, as well as a gentleman behind us and someone on the phone. I don't know that she ever made eye contact, and she took our order incorrectly. Even served us (not saying a word to us, mind you) while on the phone. Not a good experience at all.
My suggestion is to try the pizza! But don't eat in.Our property value shot up when this place opened. Crispy traditional crust or crusty deep dish, both are sensational. Thank you God... No more ghetto ass frozen crust, fake cheese, catchup flavored  pizza served by that asshole at Giovani's !We really enjoyed our first visit and will absolutely return. My husband and I had a round pizza with tomatoes, ricotta, and spinach...it was delicious! Tons of garlic and the crust was thin and tasty. My son had a cheesesteak with whiz and ate every last bite! We will try a square pizza next time and the salads looked good too...Love the pizza. Great new restaurant. Fresh ingredients. Nice vibe.  The pizza has an amazing crust on the bottom and edges, yet the other parts are lite and not overly doughy. Sauce was slightly sweet, which comes from New Jersey tomatoes, as I was told.Delicious!! Im so glad this place came to Germantown!! It was getting harder and harder to find real, authentic pizza it this area. I was traveling Cosimo's in Chestnut Hill just to find a place with real pepperoni. I wasn't able to try the fried ravioli because the fryer was down. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to come back. Yayyy! The decor is lovely. The unfinished block wood tables and high ceilings give it a very open, airy feeling, and really helps to keep the place from feeling like an oven. It was really hot on the day I visited and it did feel like there was air-conditioning on, but, I wasn't uncomfortable at all. We had a simple 14" half pepperoni/sausage pizza. Anyone who lives in the area knows how impossible it is to get decent pork around here. When my hubby saw the hot roast pork on the menu, he almost made us change our order. 
 The pizza was great. But a little soggy. I like my crust thin and almost cracker crisp. But that's just me. The outer crust was perfectly epic. The best way to tell if the pizza is good is Do You Eat All The Crust? 
And we did. Pellegrino sodas and another brand of orange and root beer that I can't remember of were delightful.
We were so full, we took our cannolis home. The chocolate chip ones barely lasted 24 hours before the were sucked down. I hid my lemon ricotta. Then fished it out and ate it because you can't always trust the ones you love.
Thank you, Pizzeria Nonna for becoming my family's new pizza joint. Welcome to the neighborhood!!So the first time I came to this place I loved it, ordered by the slice and the pizza tasted amazing. So today I decided to grab a whole pie and it was a horrible mistake...when I got home (5 mind away) and opened the box I was immediately disappointed. The pizza was obviously not done and the slices weren't even cut thoughly. I was also cold and the crust was soft and chewy, nit crisp at all. Needless to say I'll never be buying a pie here again.
Go in for a slice but be weary of the whole pie.Decent food but prices are very, very high. Slices are $3.50 each and there not the best I've ever had. Appetizer portions are small for the price charged. Will do very well because there are no other decent pizzeria's in Germantown.The best pizza I've had in Philly. It's as good as the best I've had in Brooklyn. Period. 
The crust is perfect... I'd have no problem putting it side by side with Luigi's. These are some eat-them-fresh-out-the-oven and bask in all their textured glory slices. Don't box/smother them... pizza from a box is like reviewing a bottle of red a day or two after you opened it.  
I suppose I'll try a sandwich the next time around, but for now... hands down the best slices I've had in Philly.Tremendous addition to Germantown. I truly can't wait to go back and work my way through the menu. 
Comparing apples to apples, you may balk at the prices on the pizzas. But don't be fooled. First off, one of their square pies easily serves four (and I'm a large fellow). Second, it isn't apples to apples. It's comparing apples to grandma's apple pie. It is head and shoulders above anything in the area. 
Get ready to explore a delicious and widely varied menu. If I had to levy any criticism is say that the salads, though delicious, are meager for ~9 dollars - we expected to share one with our pizza. That would probably work for two people tops. But who cares? The pizza is the star. And what a star it is.
I can't wait to try more. Give these folks some love... and some business. You will not be disappointed.I have tried the plain pizza and the eggplant parm. The pizza was flavorful, but too thin to be a favorite of mines. The eggplant parm was delicious and not too greasy. Even though its a fried dish, it was refreshingly light. The crust was good and the flavor was fresh. I ate the entire serving. (something I rarely do) I would certainly eat here again.Pretty good pizza, a little greasy, to the point where I could see the grease through the bottom of the crust, but overall pretty good. Beautiful, artistic design on the pizza box though.LOVE this place already. The pasta I had first time there was amazing--perfectly prepared and authentic to how it really tasted in Italy when I lived there. Second time in, I finally got to have a full pie, which is really the only way to try a new place's pizza. The pizza was fantastic. Fresh, perfect dough, perfectly baked. I'm a stickler for proper proportions on the sauce and cheese, and this was good, but I prefer slightly less cheese on a regular plain pie; the flavors were 100% right on the money. I will be back often to work my way through their awesome menu. 
So much wonderful out of the gate, and I know it will only get better the more items I try. 
My wish for this place: That they would start serving the pasta dishes in real (even high quality plastic) pasta bowls, with real, even cheap, metal flatware. 
I understand the concept is informal, and the urge to dress it down to save on dishwashing with the cheap take out paper boats, but serving such good pasta this way really does detract from the experience substantially.
 On a similar note, I loved the salad I got, but the salad prices are way too high, really not appropriate to the portion size and the informal, casual concept. Again, the paper bowl, ugh!  I suggest using a real bowl and keeping the price where it is, but doubling the portion size. Prices on the pizza and pasta are just right. 
This place is such a breath of fresh air, such a great addition to the neighborhood. So glad you are here!  Keep up the good work!5 stars well deserved - ambitious menu and flawless execution - deservedly busy...my partner who grew up in the neighborhood feels sad she never had such a. Place growing up and is worried it could face challenges in its surrounding environs so we should bandy together to support it...We stopped here last weekend after a long hike through Wissahickon.  The appetizers were reasonably priced, tasty and ingenious. As far as the pizza, I have never had pizza as good as this.  The crust was light, flaky and tasty (a little like sourdough...ummm) but supported the pizza.  The sauce was very good teasing my taste buds between slightly sour and then slightly sweet.  The staff was courteous and helpful and delivered the pizza in a very timely fashion.
I would not hesitate to eat here again in the future...maybe even make a special trip.
Also, the menu board held a number of interesting dishes, quite a few that I had never heard of before.  After this experience, I would be tempted to try them all.Fig and prosciutto square pizza is a go-to option. Everything is quality, prices are a bit high.First trip yesterday for a sausage and vegetable stromboli that fed 2 of us well and we still had some left for later!  Tasted excellent.  We'll be back to try other items on the menu.Stopped in with the kids after their baseball games a few nights ago.  Ordered a square pie, half plain for the picky children, half sausage and peppers for me and the wife.  It was delicious!  I'm a big fan of the unique crust on the square pizza - thick, soft and crispy.  They claimed to make the sausage in-house, too.  Nice atmosphere, friendly staff.  We'll be back.We had a round plain pizza delivered and it was excellent (and arrived pretty quickly). The crust was particularly delicious: slightly chewy and charred, flavorful, thin. Sauce was just right. This is the real thing! I look forward to working my way through the rest of the menu.I'm giving this an overall 3 star for the following factors:
Pizza taste- 5 star
Price- 3.5 star
Delivery time- 1 star.  Waited over an hour and 15 minutes for pizza that was almost cold when it finally came.  
And you can't order outside of calling so that was an issue for me as well.
The pizza is really good so I will only do eat in from now on.Hubby and I ordered a large cheese Pizza and Seiten wings and chicken wings in hot. everything was really good. food delivery arrived in a timely fashion hot and ready.  only concern is price but ehhhh ya get what ya pay for. good food costs.Friendly service, spotlessly clean throughout. The pizza is very good. I had the tomato pie, which has a thick crust. The thick crust isn't overly oily and is very light. I also had the regular thin crust plain and margherita pizzas. The thin crust is very good; its thinner than most other places. The overall menu is nice and I look forward to trying more items in future visits. It is exciting to see this place open in Lower Germantown.Really great tomato pie! Just opened but with its worn-in tables and general vibe, has the feel of an old neighborhood favorite. Just has to get a bunch more customers to make this happen! It's a very big, open space so ambience a little old/MIA when only a few customers.Best pizza in the Chestnut Hill Germantown area. The only gripe I have with this place is that sometimes they don't put enough of the ordered toppings on the pizza. Aside from that everything is great. Great apps, pastas and salads.Like this place a lot. A welcome addition to the neighborhood!
Have not tried the square pizza. By the way, that's a warning, square pizza: you're next. 
Generously-sized pies, really good basics (crust, sauce, cheese), and some super-serious buffalo chicken slices. Like, super-duper-dope buffalo chicken pizza. Shoot, now I'm drooling.Pizza was so good when the place first opened but the slow decline has become unfortunate.  It didn't take long. Disappointing.  Maybe the owners need to spend more time there again like they did at the start.  I've been getting pizza there at least twice a month since it started and the quality and consistency just isn't there any longer.We got a take-out square pizza on a rainy day, and it warmed us right up. Beautiful yeasty, chewy, crunchy crust and a perfect balance of sauce and cheese.New and welcome addition to the neighborhood. Ate there Friday night and it was great. High quality ingredients. Had pizza and meatballs. They're working out the kinks but can't wait to order again.Nonna is great. I've been countless times, and it's really your best option for pizza and Italian food in the northwest section of Philadelphia. Some parts of their menu are stronger than others, so don't be discouraged if the first time is a let down. Pizza is best, their pasta is good, sandwiches I feel could be better. It also is a bit pricey, but Nonna uses fresh ingredients and is generous with them. Bacon chicken ranch pizza is to die for! Employees are always friendly too.The pizza is delicious! Never greasy. And the manager is always super nice and friendly.Wonderful food, my favorite was the buffalo chicken pizza but the fig and prosciutto was a close second best! I enjoyed this more than Pizza Vetri in Fairmont Park. They will definitely see me again!We called for delivery. The associate who answered the phone was very upbeat and accommodating -- giving us descriptions of the food and recommendations since we had never been in or ordered here before. We went with the Ricotta white pizza, the Arugula salad and Seitan wings.  It was delivered on a Friday night in about 30 minutes. We were happy with the speed of delivery and extremely pleased with all of the food. Everything was extremely fresh and very tasty. The pizza crust was perfect. Not greasy. The Seitan wings were the best we've had and the Arugula salad was so unusual, we loved it. We'll definitely be ordering again.I live in the neighborhood and was excited when Nonnas first arrived. At the beginning, everything was great! My favorite pizza used to be sausage and peppers with chunky sauce. Since then the quality of the sausage has changed (it's not as good) and chunky sauce is no longer offered. In addition, when I do go there to sit down to eat, the tables are always dirty so I tend to not want to eat there anymore. (It seems like no effort is made to keep the restaurant looking nice inside: dirty tables, disorganized surfaces where the toppings are, sloppy old-looking single slices of pizza) Also, since the cash register was seemingly stolen a while ago, it was never replaced and instead they've been using a pizza box to keep the money. It just feels like it's not being taken care of and is going down hill. It's also hard to not take it personally as a resident of Germantown, when the owner's other restaurants in Mt. Airy and East Falls are definitely cleaner and seem to be taken care of in a much more thoughtful way.I've only been here once but highly recommend it still. Ordered 3 slices of pizza. Each was different but I liked them all. There's no parking lot but street parking in immediate area is meter less, which is a good thing! There's also seating inside. another plus
*only reason I didn't give 5 stars I think the pizza  is on pricey side.The pizza was delicious, very reasonably priced ($12.95 and $2.50 for each topping), and at 18", more than enough for 2, with plenty to take home.  The beer and cider selection was excellent - all local PA brands. Maybe at $7.00 a glass, a bit expensive, but not over-the-top.  Would absolutely return.Front counter people are always super friendly, and have solid pizza. 
What's going on with the no soda situation? I've been there once in September and now a month later and both times they said they're having problems with soda and don't have any...The food is very good and taste very fresh. Was ready within 15 mins and service was very friendly.Sorry to disagree about Nonna. On our first visit when they had just opened we found the Tomato pie delicious. But two weeks ago something seemed to have happened: 1) the tomato pie seemed old and overcooked 2) the service was TERRIBLE 3) we waited almost HALF AN HOUR for a single pizza slice which we had ordered at the same time as the tomato pie The place really needs a good manager- We will not go back when Cosimo's or Earth Bread & Brewery nearby are so much better. Unless this place improves it will not surviveNonna's has the best pizza! It has so much flavor that one slice is just not enough. Our kids love eating here and always say "Nonna's is the best pizza in town". My Philly born husband loves their cheesesteaks. I've also had their salads. Overall Nonna's has great food, fun ambiance, good drinks, affordable and it's family friendly.First time we ordered from here, we got the square pizza. We didn't realize until we got home that menu says in small print that it's made with peanut oil. With a peanut allergy in our home, the pizza went in the trash. Apparently the round pizza is not made with peanut oil. 
Second visit, my wife walked in to order some sandwiches and pasta. They had no menus left for her to order. She tried to order from the menu on the wall. They were out of lasagna and chicken cutlets. She walked out and went elsewhere.Really excited about this place. Our square pizza was absolutely perfect. Great crust, tons and I mean tons of flavor, and you could just tell, made with really high quality ingredients. Plus the space is just all kinds of cool. And you can bring your own beer. Would have given it 5 stars except I found their salad (served in a flimsy paper container) to be kind of on the steep side for the portion size compared to the huge pizzas they serve, which are a great value. Oh and they have pizza by the slice too! So glad to have them in my hood.I heard about this new pizza place and was excited to have a decent one in the area. Unfortunately, my experiences there have gotten worse and worse. The pizza is average at best and over priced. I have to reheat the pizza at home before eating to give it any consistency to the crust. The people taking orders are consistently rude over the phone and in person. Overall, the terrible customer service will prevent me from ever giving them service again. I would rather drive to fairmount than get pizza from Nonnas.Just had my first opportunity to try out this place. The pizza is fantastic and I'll likely be ordering delivery this evening.
I've been waiting for a place to sell decent pizza in the Mount Airy/Germantown region, and this place knocks it out of the park!
Forget the rest, this is the place to get your next pie!