We've been wanting to try this place for ages and until now, have had no luck because they are always sold out by the time we call. So when we were actually able to place an order, we were HYPE, and happily ordered the Burrata pizza and the Nonna's Argula Salad. The pizza crust, on top of having a great crunchy outside-to-soft inside ratio, had a beautiful sourdough taste and the red sauce tasted great. Despite being simple, the salad packed a lot of flavor, and paired very well with the pizza. Would definitely order from there again!!We have a new favorite pizza in Philly! We had a red sauce, pepperoni, sausage, basil, garlic and  mozzarella pie. The crust is the best we've ever had. We love Chicago deep dish pizza, NY Pizza, the pizza we had in Rome, Italy...Even St. Louis style is pretty good but this crust is uniquely good and the toppings were of high quality as well. The cannoli was excellent for dessert. The Cesar salad was just mediocre but with pizza this good we forgive 'em!I had been waiting to try Pizzata for a little while now and wasn't aware that they had opened in late September. We just ordered a plain pie. 
The pizza was pretty good, a it's more like a medium size than a normal large pie. The crust seems to be sourdough, it's very chewy and has a tang to it. My least favorite part personally but it's a bit different than I'm accustomed to. The sauce had some good flavor but was a bit light. The cheese was my favorite part, not sure what the blend is but it's definitely a more cheesy pie than saucy. The basil, fresh Parmesan, and EVOO finish is a nice touch as well. 
Overall, I'd give the pizza a 7.5. I had pretty high expectations going in, and while it was still good pizza it was slightly underwhelming for me. I will certainly be back in the near future, as it is still one of the better pizza places in the neighborhood. I'd like to try some of their specialty options, and the open face toasts sound great too.Pizzata Pizzeria joins my ranks as one of the top pizza joints in Philadelphia (I'd even go as far as saying they may serve up some of the best pizza in the world). Everything about their pizza is superb and made from top notch quality ingredients. If you enjoy the taste of Angelo's pizza (sauce, cheese, basil) and the thin crispy crust of Taconnelli's or Pizzeria Beddia, Pizzata nails both of these aspects with their pizza and by doing so, differentiates themselves from their competition. I ordered the plain with my first visit. Cannot wait for my next pie from here.Was so excited about the opening of this place. Tried to order on a Saturday night and they said it was 1.5 hours. Tried another night and got a more reasonable time frame. Ordered two pizzas. For one pizza, the dough wasn't cooked all the way! The dough was a noticeable sour dough taste, and whether you like that is a matter of preference. I am not a huge fan of sour dough with pizza myself.Sad that Gusto is gone but this pizza is also super delicious. Thin crunchy crust, super delicious and fresh toppings, and good cheese to sauce ratio. The presentation is all really clean and makes you want to dive right into the pizza. Probably some of the best that Philly has to offer.Great pizza for philly. We called three nights in a row but realized every time we need to call earlier. We finally got through around 5pm on a weeknight. We ordered the plain pizza and we both love mushrooms so we got mushrooms as the topping. The pizza crust was crunchy and had a sourdough taste to it. The tomato sauce also had some sourness taste to it as well. The mushrooms were in brine i think so had a little too much saltiness to it. Overall, great thin crust pizza but would not get mushrooms next time. If you had to describe it in a few words -- thin sourdough crust pizza. 
We also got the open flat toast -- the ricotta with Fig jam which was AMAZING. The toast was crunchy and ricotta was so fresh and fluffy. It was definitely something everyone should try. Definitely recommend that!Do yourself a favor and grab a few pies from here. They are incredible. Drove ~80 min round trip for these and it was 100% worth it.Plain red pie had the perfect sauce-to-cheese ratio. High quality ingredients all around - caesar salad was also excellent. Can't wait to try their other pies.
It's not cheap, but given the location, quality of the product, and portion sizes, you get what you pay for. 
A solid addition to the Rittenhouse pizza market. Gives Dolce Carini (a cheaper alternative) a run for its money.This place is amazing. The Margherita pizza and the spinach ricotta pizza are amazing. And the Tiramisu is even better. And to top it off, they are the most friendly pizzeria staff ever. Can't believe I lived in Philly for over a year without knowing about this place.Very delicious pizza. Ordered pick up on NYE. Service was fast and pizza was amazing.Let me tell you, Pizzata Pizzeria was truly incredible. Good energy across the board. Every single thing that I have actually tried has been rather flavorful. Bonus that their service is so really good, they are so swift and polite. I would highly recommend Pizzata Pizzeria if you're looking for something different and cool.I've been here twice now, and both times had the "Salsiccia" with no pepperoni. WOWZA! I'm racking my brain trying to think of another pizza that I've ever eaten in my lifetime that was better....but I'm drawing a blank....and I consider myself a pizza aficionado. 
The crust is perfectly charred but still full of texture. All the ingredients are absolutely delicious (the sausage is not typical, and I love it for that), and what pushes it into superstar territory is the large parmesan cheese flakes and the hot honey drizzle.
I only found out about this new pizzeria though a rave review from Emilio "Mimi" Mignucci of DiBruno Bros fame (he knows Italian food like no one else), and man, was he right. What an amazing addition to the Philadelphia culinary scene.Not always the easiest to order from because of their popularity but it's because the pizza is excellent! They use the right combination of sweet and savory for the sauce and the sourdough style dough has the right amount of chewiness and bite. Crispy crust and really fresh ingredients are always included. This is my new favorite pizza spot in Center city.Really good pizza! It's not Gusto's but a solid runner up. I took off a star bc it's a little pricy but otherwise no concerns. Will be back :)Pizza is A+. Crust is on the thinner side (not thin tough), but crispy and crunchy, has a sourdough vibe to it. Sauce has a little tang, and cheese is flavorful.
Really good NY style pizza - reminiscent of John's on Bleeker I think. 
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood. I'm psyched.Great ingredients ... Grate taste ... Good people. Welcome to the neighborhood!
Just as good as north Jersey pizza, but right here in Philly!Delicious pizza with a thin crust. The red sauce is a little tangy and they understand what it means when I ask for lite cheese!Tasty pizza in Fitler Square. I just happened to be strolling by and the smells coming from the building were so good I had to grab a pie. The guy taking my order was friendly and helpful and it took about 45 min on a Saturday evening which didn't seem too bad. I opted for a half Soppressata and half Plain and it was good. The crust has sour dough notes and is a bit too thick to be a true NY style, but it didn't bother me. I'm glad I tried them out.My husband wanted to try this place after seeing their barstool review. Omg, this pizza is amazing! We drove down to pick up two pies. We got a plain and a pepperoni. The dough was perfect. The ingredients tasted high quality and amazing. It was so flavorful, even the pepperoni on the pizza tasted special. Both were finished with fresh basil. Definitely worth the trip to the city. And not even very expensive compared to some of these other fancy pizza places, only $15 for the plain. Five stars.This is the best pizza in the Rittenhouse/Fitler Square area because they put days of time into their dough making process. Sourdough crust takes five days to make so there is a likely probability that they will sell out.Dough nerds rejoice, because Vinny and Davide are dough nerds squared.    The dough is bonkers, like legit so good.     This is the kind of place you wish all pizza shops cared enough to be.   No long menu with fried cheese and excess stuff out of a bag in the freezer.  Just the freshest most curated items to make killer rounds.   I could eat a pizza of only crust here that's how good it is.   Get it, get it all,  support the crap out of this place because we need it more than most.Omg I love this pizza! Perfect crust and delicious high quality ingredients. We tried 1 of each, ordering 3 nights in a row from the hospital. Everyone enjoyed it so much it's now our top pizza spot. Only downside no delivery. I highly recommend you try.I tried the plain pizza from here not too long ago. It's a solid pizza with a nice, thin crust. The sauce was really good but a smidge on the salty side. Love that the pizza did not feel too heavy or greasy. I would definitely go back to try their other pies.Great pizza when you have it. We went on 4 occasions and they are always sold out. Never been to a pizza place that Runs out of pizza reallly. Very disappointed. We will go somewhere else. Miss mama Palma.Great pizza. We got the red sauce with burrata and truffle oil. I definitely want to try more from here.Was looking for a pizza spot with good reviews and found this place (as a result of my fellow Yelpers' recommendations - wink)... Just wanted some good pizza and was beyond pleased to receive an appetizing delight! Just be prepared to wait - this place seems to be pretty popular but it's totally worth the wait!Amazing pizza and excellent to go service during the pandemic. The hot honey and perfectly crispy crust makes an exceptional pie!Loved the ricotta bread. Very unique. Owner was very nice even though I came when it was almost closed. A little expensive but would recommendDelicious Pizza! The folks who work here are so nice. Good salads too!Super solid pizza spot and our first meal out post-Biden winning the election (!). 
Had our friends pick up the pizzas and meet us at the park. We were a half hour late meeting up with them but the pizzas were still fresh and bottom crust still nice and crispy. 
We got the Salsiccia and a plain pie. Both were great, but I personally liked the plain better because you could really taste the flavor of the sauce and tanginess of that sourdough crust. Definitely can see this place being added as a regular on our Philly pizza joint rotation.Crust was pretty unique: light, crispy and a special taste. everything else was below par. sauce was too tangy and unbalanced, cheese was not enough. I literally grated some parmiagiano on top, drizzled some extra virgin olive oil and sprinkled some chilli pepper flakes on my take away pizza to bring it up to the quality that i had expected. may or may not go back.The pizza was dreamy: perfect tanginess, crunchiness and chewiness in the dough. Obviously using quality ingredients on top. Treat yourself and get this!tl;dr Rittenhouse residents rejoice -- Pizzata is slinging delicious pies for the Schuylkill riverbank neighborhood
I've always found the West Rittenhouse sorely lacking in go-to takeout pizza pie options. Enter Pizzata, a spot that prides itself on quality ingredients and naturally leavened dough. The pies at this newly opened pizza joint are flying off the shelves -- Pizzata is only open each night until they run out of ingredients.
I ordered my pie at 3:30PM on a Sunday to beat the Eagles game day rush and had no trouble.  The pickup was a piece of cake (slice of pie?). A short line had formed outside the door, but with a five-minute wait, I signed the receipt in return for my hefty takeout box.
I opted for a Plain red pie with double pepperoni. The pie was a little wonky, and the toppings were somewhat unevenly distributed. Moreover, the "double" pepperoni felt closer to 1.5x (which obviously still trumps 1x pepperoni, but was nonetheless mildly upsetting), but the depth of flavor in each heavenly ring almost made up for that. Yet, just opening the box, my nose was hit with a delicious aroma. Each slice was mouth-wateringly rich, without being overwhelming greasy.  The sauce was mildly tangy, complemented by the pleasantly thin, sourdough-esque crust. The crust, while thin, remained crispy without ever feeling flimsy. The basil is a knockout punch, bringing together a solid list of ingredients.
The pizzas will run you about $20 -- a tad expensive for a 16" pie, even with the intention to split. While this isn't my absolute favorite pizza in Philly, it's pretty darn good for reasonable walking distance within Rittenhouse. This will certainly be my go-to pickup spot in the future.Was looking for a true Philly pizza experience and Pizzata Pizzeria knocked it out of the park...one of if not best pizza I've ever had.Called in on Wednesday at around 6 and we got their LAST pizza. They say they make around 80 per day. I would recommend calling in on the earlier side to make sure they you get it before they sell out. That being said, they just opened a week ago, so maybe they will increase their capacity soon.
We got the Burrata and it was delicious! The crust is thin but substantial and had a nice chew. Just the right amount of sauce. We are definitely coming back.Based on the reviews I thought this pizza was going to be awesome but it didn't quite meet expectations. I found it to be very salty and had me chugging down water. Also the bruschetta toast side came as wrapped up bread and a to go container with arugula and tomatoes that you assemble yourself- it was odd and didn't work out very well. Overall it doesn't compare to the great pizza spots like Beddia but it wasn't terrible either. I'd only go back if it was the only thing around.Been about 6 months since I had it, but I think about it very often. Would be there way too frequently if I was closer. This place is nothing short of excellent. From the pizza to the cannoli. The crust has a nice crunch to it while not being tough and still maintaining the integrity of a pizza. Probably the best round pie I've had in Philly. 
I tried to margherita, pepperoni, and a few others. None have left me hanging. All fire. Highly recommend this place. Cannoli was exceptional too! 5 starsLove their version of the Margarita pie! A little less outer crust would be my preference given the price but still really tasty pie!Tonight, it was the first time we ordered from Pizzata.  We heard about this place from Dave Portnoy's review on the One Bite App.  His review was spot on, excellent pizza!
We ordered salame piccante, and it was really good.   The pizza had very high quality, fresh ingredients.  The salame piccante tasted exactly the same as that found on most pizzas in Italy!  Pizza had a light texture and perfect crispness.  This will be our go to pizza place in Fitler Square/Center City moving forward.  I would go as far as saying it is a top three or four pizza place in Philly! 
As far as the ordering process, I ordered over the phone and I was told it would be ready in exactly 1 hour.  I arrived for pickup at 1 hour from ordering and the pizza was cold.  I spoke to the gentlemen named John at the front door/window, and he made it right.  He took care of the pizza and made a fresh one on the spot.  Not sure if he is a manager or owner, but his professionalism spoke volumes.
Between the high quality of the pizza and the professional/customer service oriented individuals at Pizzata, give this place a try!Only once before have I had pizza that tasted this good -- and that was in a small town in Italy. The owners of Pizzata have brought that style of Pizza to Philadelphia. The flavors are balanced and subtle, with a delicious thin crust and just the right amount of cheese (and the right cheese, too - not the harsh, salty stuff that you often find on Philadelphia pizzas). I happened to stop by before they opened for business and they were nice enough to bake me a pizza to take home to my hungry family. It was a culinary experience in a box.This pizza did not meet my preferences. For what it is, a long ferment sourdough pie, it is fine. The dough tastes more like a fancy San Francisco boule than pizza crust. For me that soury bread demands to either be super light and fluffy or smothered in a fat like butter or a strong cheese. Their's is fairly tough and thin. In no way did this resemble either a proper Neopolitan pie nor a NYC pie.
The sauce didn't blow me away. Tastes like generic pizza shop sauce. The sausage we ordered was fairly sparse along with the cheese. 
This shop relies hard on their dough, and I'm not into it. It could be that I caught them at a bad time on a busy Saturday. But this experience didn't blow me away. That said, their service was kind and attentive.I order this pizza more than I'd like to admit- so convenient, so tasty, my go-to ever since they opened in the neighborhood.We went there yesterday after reading so many great reviews (including the tremendous 8.1 from Barstool Sports) and about the neat backgrounds of the owners.  We drove all the way in from the suburbs and were first in line when they opened.  What great food!  We highly recommend the Salsiccia (meat based pie) as the hot honey flavor is also just so awesome and unique.  The Plain was also terrific.   We were so glad we tried both.  The pies themselves were slightly larger than we expected--we'll be eating more tonight and can't wait.  Just great flavors on top of that super cool crust.  We were first in line but there were a few folks right with us (all of us had to pre-order due to the virus of course).  When they brought my pies to me, they apologized for them not being exactly ready when they had promised (maybe five more minutes) as they had some oven start up issues....and they gave me a free pie for waiting.  How kind!  I really did not expect that but it really did say something to me about their team.  I had read that they are good people and I certainly saw that...we were glad we had supported them during these challenging times.  Lots of good pizza in Philly as everyone knows...but I'll have these guys on my short list as we plan to go back real soon.  Absolutely a local treasure!This is a super friendly local pizza place and Pizzata's crust-loving chefs do not disappoint! We tried Pizzata for take out on a Sunday because they had sold out by 5pm on their soft opening the day prior! They are open for pick up and currently have 2 indoor tables and a small interior. 
We tried the plain pie - delicious and flavorful - as well as the burrata (on which of course the burrata was the star!). The "naturally leavened dough" creates a crust on this pizza is fabulous. It's crispy with great integrity as well as chewy and soft.  All pizzas are finished with EVOO and parmesan (which i honestly could have done without).
The service was great and we will be back soon. Looking forward to supporting a local pizza joint that opened during the pandemic!We ordered delivery from here, but I had to change the delivery time twice and it was pushed back. All the pies and salads that we got were delicious, very thin, but full of flavor.
I was able to eat three slices, so one pie could probably feed 2 to 3 people.Hands down best pizza in Philly! Make sure you order early on the weekends as they often sell out!Good quality pizza. 
Pros: flavorful sauce, cheese seemed to be high quality 
Cons: Tough and chewy crust (much too chewy for my liking), sourdough profile was a bit overpowering. 
I'm a huge pizza fan. Particularly of thinner crust pies. Overall I liked it, but didn't love it. Would return but probably wouldn't be my first choice.Best pizza I have ever had. No more information needed. Just try it you will not be disappointedThe spinaci white pie is further proof that this pizzeria is among the region's elite. The crust, cheeses, spinach, and olive oil were all outstanding. Terrific chew, very good crunch, zero flop, and enough garlic to provide additional flavor, but not overpower the other ingredients. Nothing about this pizza seemed processed or rushed. Quality, care, and craft are clearly paramount to the team.  Overall, this is one of my favorite white pies and pizzerias in the region. I even purchased a Pizzata t-shirt to show I "crust the process". Highly Recommend.Have heard really good things about this place and were excited to check it out. Between the two of us, we split a pie (half plain, half pepperoni) and a salad, with half the pie left for tomorrow. We loved their great ordering system, wonderful sauce, crispy slightly sour dough, and especially the cupped pepperoni - pools of oil galore! It would really satisfy a craving for a standard pizza but there are other options in the neighborhood that offer more exciting flavors/toppings. If there weren't other spots in the neighborhood this would be a top choice for pizza.Was excited to try Pizzata given the excellent reviews and it didn't disappoint. It's pretty popular, so I'm sure it's busy during peak weekend hours, but my lunchtime Friday afternoon order was ready pretty quickly.
I opted for the Plain pizza with added pepperoni and hot honey. As others have mentioned the crust is quite chewy and very sourdough-esque. I personally really enjoyed it, though it has a slight sourness that might not be to everyone's taste. The only small critique I have is that the crust was a bit too charred for my liking, but that's a matter of personal preference.
Now, this isn't the cheapest pizza in the world...that one box ran me $26, so pizza from here is likely not going to be an all-the-time purchase. But it is very good pizza, and I look forward to stopping by again.Pizza dough has great taste that's were it stops but if you like bland sauce and a low grade of almost no tasting cheese this place is for you. Staff are very friendly, nice little place nice neighborhood. A little improvement on sauce and a better grade of cheese than this pizza would be excellent.The crust is thin and crunchy, the texture is similar to the crust of sourdough bread. So if you are expecting a stretchy kind of dough this isn't for you. 
Because it's thin, the pizza is very light. I ordered margarita pizza. I was expecting more ratio of the tomato sauce and more basil topping. In my opinion what I got is cheese pizza with some basil on top. 
Super friendly staff, there are some menu outside. I was disappointed for not getting a tiramisu because it's not available although it's on the menuThis pizza is very different. Amazing crust...thin.. takes 3 day to make. Sourdough taste. Owner couldn't be nicer. A great addition to the area. Try it and you won't be disappointedWould be 5 stars if it were just a bit more affordable! Delicious pizza and a great addition to the Rittenhouse area for a quick pickup, but one pie north of $20 is definitely pricier than other options in the area (Vetri for example). Still, really really good pizza!Honestly, the best pizza I've ever had in Philly. I've lived here for 3 years now and have tried to find some decent pizza. I grew up outside Chicago and before anyone says "oh you only eat deep dish" you couldn't be further from the truth. Thin crust and regular pies are what I grew up on. Chain pizza places never survived as there are so many local "ma and pa" pizza joints that even at their worst are better than most pizza places anywhere else. 
The thin but not too thin crust is cooked to perfection with a slight char and crunch. The ratio of crust-sauce-cheese is perfect. The flavor is hands down some of the best I've ever had. I will absolutely be ordering from them again. I also ordered their garlic knots which were incredible, devoured them before I could take a pic.Being widely regarded as one of the best pizza shops in the city (see Inquirer, Philly Mag, Barstool), I figured I should stop in and find out for myself. Arrived at 11:30AM on a Saturday to avoid the rush (incredibly busy during peak lunch and dinner hours). Had the Salsiccia which is comprised of red sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, ricotta, and hot honey. Taste and texture was somewhere between Shackamaxon and Beddia. In other words, expertly made and undeniably delicious. It was a thinner pizza, but very filling. Great crust, which, from what I'm told, is a long fermented sourdough. Has a unique, but very tasty flavor profile. The pepperoni, sausage, and ricotta toppings were fantastic. Clearly top quality ingredients. My only criticism is that all the ricotta cheese was clustered next to the crust rather than being spread more evenly across the pie. Bottom line: Among the top five best pizzas in Philly. 8.7/10 on the pizza scale. Highly recommend.Wow.... First time takeout the other night...had both a red and white...Both were excellent and immediately ranked in my top 5 ever... Crust was crispy but not too thin as to become a cracker...the sauce was very tasty and the white had just the right amount of oil and garlic... will be back very soon..Go here if you want to chew on burnt, acrid, sour pizza. If you don't like the pie, they'll put you on blast publicly. The owners are jerks, too.I had big hopes and the pizza didn't meet those lofty expectations.   It was really greasy and kind of small for a $25 pizza.  The crust wasn't as thin and crispy as expected. The pepperoni itself was very tasty.  I thought it would be as good as Pizzeria Beddia but it wasn't even close.