With a pizza museum, little baby's ice cream next door, and some pretty creative pizza names this place is in a league of it's own.  The FORBES WAGGENSENSEN is probably my favorite with the GRANNY DIVJACK coming in at a close second. The pepperoni they use on the FORBES WAGGENSENSEN is awesome. I have been back for more already and will continue to make some trips up to Fishtown to visit Pizza Brain.  If you are a Philadelphian and you haven't been here, you need to get there soon.This is easily my latest favorite pizza in the entire city and I hope it stays that way. I've had slices of their Jane (plain) and Forbes Waggensense (pepperoni) several times plus a few others.
Each and every single time I've been in there, I've been greeted by enthusiastic and happy silly pizza people. One time I brought a group up on a walk up from Barcade that was completely underestimated. We ended up walking in right before closing and were happily greeted. They fired up the oven and were way too accommodating especially with how so many of us rolled up so late in their evening.
I crave their pizza constantly and always look forward to when I can make it up there. I'm also not a huge ice cream person but the fact that Little Baby's is next door is definitely changing that. I only wish that between the two of them they had more seating because it definitely gets crowded in there some nights. Here's to hoping for a second location.Pizza Brain is a fun spot to stop in for a slice. The staff is friendly, the pizza is very good, the decor is entertaining with all its memorabilia and fun facts. I enjoyed the BBQ chicken slices, and am looking forward to trying some of the other offerings.As a first time customer I was really impressed with the food, service, and ambience. Loved all the little details in the decor and was thrilled with the menu choices! Amazing pizza and so great that there are vegan options. And loved that it was connected to an ice cream shop!Pizza Brain never disappoints, that's why they deserve every star in this rating. Since I don't live in the neighborhood, I use any excuse to be above Spring Garden to visit this place. The classic options (plain, pepperoni, etc.) are so flavorful and great but you can also feel comfortable trying something completely different. 
I have had the General Tso's which is pretty self-explanatory and a full meal on your pizza and recently tried the Bob Shieldsmoose. I was pretty nervous about this one - I thought the blue cheese, house roasted beef brisket, garlic, horseradish, black pepper, mozzarella, fresh rosemary might be a bit much - but it was so so so good. It's pies like that that convince you these people are serious about food.
The pizza alone would warrant a great review, but it would be wrong not to mention the staff and atmosphere. People are really friendly and actually seem like they're having a good time behind the counter. That attitude is infectious.Besides being one of the coolest, most low-key places I've been to in Philly, the pizza is superb! I had the Lucy Waggle and it was flawless. I took it home and they put the arugula in a separate container so it didn't wilt; which I really appreciated. I had the pizza a while after getting it and it was still delicious and super fresh. I cannot wait to go back and try some more pies!Much has been said about Pizza Brain, but go and try it already.  Good crust and ingredients make for some tasty pies.  The prices are on the high side, but like everything in life, you get what you pay for.There is a lot to like about Pizza Brain.  Based on the earlier comments I considered giving a lower score just to see if I too would get a response from the owner.  I understand the impact of social media but you have to take the good with the bad.  Without negative reviews, yelp would be of no use to people like me.  I doubt the owners were complaining when philly mag was singing their praises orpromoting them on foobooz.  If, after this review anyone would like more insight from me, just ask.  If you don't care what I think, no hard feelings.
Anyways, on to the food which is the important part.  We came, in part, because we need dairy free options and heard they do a vegan pizza.  I therefore cannot speak to their cheese pizzas.  We ordered a red pizza with arugula and pepperoni.  It was very satisfying and we found the crust tasty.  Sauce was excellent and actually tasted better the next day cold coming out of the fridge (who doesn't love cold pizza).  The arugula was fresh and awesome and I would recommend it to anyone who wants something slightly different.  On the otherhand the pepperoni was nothing special and got lost in the mix.
As others have said this appears to be a hipster haunt but we are far from hipsters and found it quite friendly.  Plenty of other families present.  In fact one other family in the courtyard offered to share their table.  I love that type of community.  
My one complaint would be the beverage options but now I know (and I'm telling you) to byob.  Also remember to bring your cash as it is cash only.  Frankly.it would be better if they took levelup like the icecream shop next door.  The icecream is great too, but worthy of separate thought.
We'll be back and look forward to trying more options.This pizza is fabulous. Today, the owner was at the door, and oriented us to the joint. We have kids and entirely fail in the hipster department. We don't care, and neither does anybody at Pizza Brain. It's a bit of a drive for us, so I doubt we'll be able to make it often. Too bad.  If I lived anywhere nearby, I'd order pizza from this place every time. Not sure why all the negativity. The crust is superb, the char is a thing of beauty. The sauce has exquisite flavor and the cheeses were really good quality. The pepperoni is to die for. There really isn't anything bad to say about it.Aside from all the gimmicks: the crap on the walls, the supercilious toppings which are all a touch too salty, and the prices, Pizza Brain has down properly the one thing all other take out pizzas (including NYC) don't.  It is the right chew in the crust.  When you bite into the crust, the crackling exterior gives way to a soft, doughy middle, which should yield to your bite but keep a firm grip as you pull away.  It should feel like the center of the pizza is in a brief tug of war with your teeth.  That's pizza and Pizza Brain does it.The pizza here does not disappoint.  All of the ingrediants are super fresh and high quality.  I love that you get a variety of choices for different pies.  The red pie we had with pepperoni was super yummy.  The staff was very friendly and made you feel at home.  
Take note this is a cash only establishment.AMAZING PIZZA! This is how pizza should look and taste. It's huge. It's homemade (no canned sauce, no frozen pizza shells, etc.). You can buy some pies by the slice, but most are a whole pie. It's not super cheap, but you're paying for quality. 
They do share space with the best ice cream place in Philly, as well.Pros: 
BYOB Seating
Friendly hipsters work there, as opposed to unfriendly hipsters
Good pizza toppings like arugula
Pizzas are not greasy
Cons:
Pizza bread lacks the elasticity that makes a good pie. It feels like regular bread, not pizza. And it's too dry, reminded me of cardboard
Pizza sauce is thick and tastes like it came directly out of a cheap can
I guess the key is to stay away from their normal 'Jane' pie and get one with fancy toppings.OK, gave them another shot and after hearing my tale of woes from previous attempts, the staff was amazingly apologetic and wanted to do anything to ensure i experienced their awesome pizza.  And yes, the pizza itself is fabulous.  Fresh ingredients, innovative combinations, but my favorite part and frankly the way I judge pizza is on the crust - crispy, wood-fired flavor, yet soft and chewy on the inside.  Great selection of red and white pies.  Although a little pricey, if you're looking for more than just a cheese or pepperoni pizza I recommend Pizza Brain.  And I gotta say, the staff really is fantastic - looking forward to supporting this neighborhood small biz many times in the future!If I could give a 3.5 star review, I would be happy. But that isn't an option, so I'll round up.
To be frank, I'm not sure what I was expected, but this wasn't it. I was visiting Philly and found myself googling "free things to do" and came across a "Pizza Museum" -- which, oh myyy, sounds like the place dreams are made of. I planned a whole day of exploring Fishtown around coming here for lunch. As soon as I walked in, I felt duped. This place is TINY, even taking into account the "other room" which has more seating and a DELICIOUS ice cream parlor. So, museum is a loose term here. It's more like there's pizza-ish things plastered on the walls. Which is kinda like a TGIFridays if you think about it..? ANYWAY.
Once inside, the menu looked so good and it was hard to decide. The person behind the counter asked if we needed help, we said no, continued to gaze. Maybe she heard a "yes"? I'm not sure, but she begins to explain to us things about pizza that made it seem like she thought we were aliens who had never heard of this thing called pizza before. She literally told us white pizza doesn't have red sauce.................. and explained that a slice wasn't entire pizza, but.. wait for it, a slice.
ANYWAY. We ordered a white pizza and found a seat in the side room area, away from Pizza Lady. Now, that room has a really cool wall of decor that goes to the ceiling. We waited a normal amount of time for our gourmet pizza and here's the reason I'm rounding up: it was so, so, so divine. (But there wasn't red sauce, so what the...) I'd say the price was a little much, but what do I know about pizza prices in Philly. It was like $26ish and the two of us devoured it. The crust was amazingly crispy and perfect.
So, in closing: go for the pizza because it's good, but maybe know what you want beforehand, unless you are into pizza lectures.Went to pizza brain with my girlfriend and some friends on opening night. The line was insane but the entertainment was fun. The museum concept is really unique and I'm looking forward to looking around when there's actually room to move.
As for the pizza, I had the Jane and it was pretty good. At $3.50 a slice, though, it's pricey for what it is. I think the menu said a full pie is in the $16-18 range which will, unfortunately, lump Pizza Brain into my fancy pants pizza category. Hard to pay that much for a pie when I can get one of the BEST pizza's ever from Franco's for $15, including a tip for the delivery guy.
That being said, I'm happy Pizza Brain is in the neighborhood and I will certainly be back to try it again, especially with Little Baby's next door!Amazing.  Hipsters make good pizza. And the vibe is nice inside as well. There's an ice cream place next door by the same owners.  It's fresh it's delicious and its creative.Years back, a pizza loving friend from Michigan asked if I had ever been to Pizza Brain, and it's been on my radar ever since. Now as a Fairmount resident, I sometimes feel that it would be easier to get from Fairmount to Michigan than it would to get from Fairmount to Fishtown; after two failed attempts to eat at Pizza Brain in the past few years, Friday night was finally my time to shine. 
There were 13 different pies available at the time of my visit, with two of those pies available as slices. Now that doesn't sound too daunting of a choice, but trust me, it was. I was almost giddy when they said we could get half pies. My foursome was able to pick four varieties of pizza in the form of two pies, plus we got the two slice options. They asked us if we'd like the slices split into pieces. Absolutely! Great idea. We were able to sample almost half the menu while still ordering a reasonable amount of pizza for four. 
The pizza itself was solid. I felt it was somewhere between a traditional pizza shop and gourmet. The toppings were gourmet for sure, but the crust was thicker and doughier than some of thin crust gourmets in the area. I think that combo of crust and toppings is what makes Pizza Brain stand out. Well that and the inventive, smarty-pants names. We had the Wendy Wedgeworth (red pie, mozzarella, sun-dried tomato, arugula, honey goat cheese), Kira Tierston (red pie, mozzarella, smoked bacon, hint of brown sugar, red onion, oven-roasted brussels sprout), Henrietta Blanch (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, banana pepper, basil, roasted red pepper, fiorella's sausage) and Queenie Delouche (white pie, fontina, goat cheese, mozzarella, shiitake, portabella, garlic, rosemary) split into two pies. We had slices of the Leonard Bookman (white pie, mozzarella, fontina, ricotta, black pepper, garlic, fresh oregano and Jane (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, fresh basil).
It's a BYOB and there's room to sit next door in Little Baby's. That's the perfect transition into dessert and reason to grab a box for leftovers. Between the four of us, we still left a total of 6 leftover slices. Mine reheated nicely the next day. 
My only slight was the quality of the plastic-ware. The forks and knives were so flimsy that they really couldn't cut through the crust. I'd personally rather cut my pizza, so I definitely struggled a bit. The napkins were a little thin too, resulting in us using a lot of them. 
I'm so glad I finally got to try the elusive Pizza Brain. I can't promise I'll visit them too often, but with their newest pizza project (name still TBD) coming to Brewerytown, I will get to my fix.Cool place! So cool inside love the memorabilia! The only bad thing about this place is the price! 3.50 for a small slice? Come on!  It's good but I'd rather walk up two blocks and pay two bucks for something way bigger and tastier. Tourists attraction and hipster place not a neighborhood pizza joint!There are very few pizza places in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. I have heard many good things about this place for a year before I actually made it over to try what everyone has been raving about. I definitely was not disappointed. They serve pizza from the slice, with Large New York style cuts of pizza. I had a slice of the Forbes Waggonese & The Leomard Bookman. Both slices were delicious and the quality of ingredients were like a burst of flavor in my mouth. The ambiance was what you usually expect with a Fishtown eatery. Very hipster , which of course isn't a bad thing. Everyone there was very friendly and suggested different artisanal sodas to pair with my slices. If you want an excellent slice of pizza in Philly, you should definitely make a stop here!My daughter took one bite and walked away and then kneeled. I asked her what that was all about and she said the pizza was sooo good it made her do that. I have never seen my child do anything like this before in my life, so I took a slice to see if she was bullshitting... she wasn't!! This pizza was pretty damn good if I must say so myself. When I ordered I wanted 3 slices and the woman at the counter said it would be better to order a whole pie because of the cost. I did just that and really happy that I did. Until we meet again  , until we meet again (which by the way will be in the near future)!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE. incredible pizza made by serious pizza fanatics who love what they do. the owner was suuuuper friendly. i love supporting new fishtown businesses. just one thing though....can u guys be a little less pretentious about not having any hot pepper flakes or garlic power or any of the other stuff ppl expect? i respect that u dont bc u made EXCEPTIONAL pizza, but i felt a lil weird about how the staff reacted when i asked for it - like it was so taboo to ask. i will be back with bells on however!A little more pricey than your typical pizza joint but totally worth it. It's delicious and made with real ingredients.Nothing about my order here went well. I ordered a single pizza (Forbes)for delivery and was quoted 30 minutes. After an hour I called and the receptionist told me it should be there very shortly. It didn't actually show up until almost an hour and 15 minutes after I placed the order. When I got the pizza the top of the box was smashed it and had been stuck to the pizza. Even the remaining slices were sparse on the toppings, especially cheese, and had small patches that were just crust. It tasted at best like a cheap pepperoni slice for a corner store.. not the fancy pizza I ordered. If I'm paying $21 for a pizza I expect it to hearty. Not pleased at all.Amazing pizza along with an excellent staff. Very friendly and welcoming atmosphere! Would recommend to anyone in the area looking for great pizza!The pizza here is a little expensive but pretty damn good. Nice to be able to support locally owned businesses!tasty but way too expensive. Can get cheaper and tastier pizza for less $$ other places in FishtownThis place is like the Willy Wonka Factory of Pizza.  The museum part is amazing, so much nostalgia on the walls.  So far I've tried the Pepperoni, Brisket, and Margherita pies, and guess what THEY WERE ALL AWESOME!
Can't wait to go back.The pizza never disappoints, the staff is knowledgeable and you can get a pint of Little Baby's Ice Cream to go.   What more can you ask for?Searching for a replacement for our beloved Joey's Stone-Fired Pizza on South that closed down recently (I was rudely made aware of this while tipsy on Halloween and may or may not have had a somewhat out of place emotional reaction), the man and I decided to treat ourselves and the kiddos to Pizza Brain - I had heard it was also a "Pizza Museum" and that they had great pizza, which was the most important thing. We had the Forbes - and I have to say, the pizza WAS excellent. However, with four of us we could have done well to get another pizza, but $20 a pizza  (and having to purchase $3/pp glass bottled sodas for lack of a fountain) - you're getting a little expensive for a family lunch out during errands. The decor is pretty neat, it's hilarious how horribly unappetizing the 80's and 90's managed to make pizza look (seriously, some of the pizza on those old posters look absolutely rancid. Oh 80s.)
Seating for more than 2 people a bit awkward. Will definitely come here again, but maybe sans kiddos. Definitely a cool spot, and the pizza does not disappoint.What I love about Pizza Brain: whimsical, hip, child-like attitude and atmosphere. Unique pizza ingredients and combinations. That it's adjacent to Little Baby's Ice Cream. They sell Mexican Coca-Cola in glass bottles. Pizza isn't terrible.
What I don't like about Pizza Brain: it takes about 20 minutes to get a *slice* heated up to eat in-store. Pizza is mysteriously, always, still cold. Pizza is usually greasy. No additional condiments are provided for enhancement of pizza -- no garlic salt, no red pepper flakes. Nothing. This, in a pizza place billing itself as the quintessential shrine to pizza. Oh, and I almost forgot to mention that a pie will run you $22-32 depending on what kind you get (!)
Overall, I think that there is more emphasis placed on kitsch here -- with the superfluous "pizza museum" and all -- than there is on the quality of the actual pizza. This place is kind of a fun novelty but doesn't hold up as a reliable source of good food. The service is really the issue here; this is probably due to the fact that the place is staffed by tragically hip 20-somethings too busy talking about their next ironic tattoo to be bothered with menial work (but welcome to Fishtown). 
The aforementioned pizza museum is nothing to see, either. It's really just a scattered collection of comic books, album covers and plastic figurines that depict or mention the word 'pizza.' These objects do nothing to improve the experience of eating at Pizza Brain. Limited seating, too.
I will say, however, that there is a very sweet cat named Forbes who lives on the sidewalk in front of this place, and I'm glad that the employees help to keep him alive by feeding him pizza.In addition to an already long wait time, my order was late. Usually that's not a big deal but I ordered two personal pizzas and received one. It gets worse. There was NO cheese on the pizza. I repeat NO cheese. Last but not least when called they didn't make it right.tried the Kira Tierston.  it was good but not amazing.  fresh, thin crust and little light, not a heavy substantial/filling pie.  toppings were decent but the bacon was lost.  until i pulled a few pieces off and ate it seperately, i couldn't taste it.  they need to make the bacon pieces much larger.  overall good pizza but i was expecting better..So I came for a pizza and ended up getting a haircut on the side walk...then there was a fb flash mob and I'd say at least 1000 people were there for the opening night. Point is the pizza was good and it had better be at 3.50 a slice;-)The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  This was the first time visiting the restaurant and the staff was extremely helpful.
The pizza is amazing!  Had the Leonard Bookman pizza with spinach and it was absolutely delicious.  The toppings were extremely fresh and high quality.  Typical street pizza consists of a heavy orange grease (indicating cheaper ingredients-mozzarella cheese for instance), but there was almost no visible grease on Pizza Brain's pie.  Extremely delicous pizza!awesome place!!! The pizza itself deserves 5 stars; as does the memorabilia and even the ambiance...I could sit in there all day and be distracted by the walls and the people.  But the price is a little steep...I just dont understand why it has to be so pricey and why I cant get a large 18" pizza for 10-15$ and be able to pay for it on my credit card.  Unfortunately my boyfriend and I were actually craving us some pizza brain tonight and had no cash at hand....we had to choose another place just because of this reason (and also maybe a small deterrent of having to pay a solid 24$ for a 16" pizza).  Either way....DELICIOUS pizza (and that should mean a lot coming from a New Yorker)I went in today and was served by the two nicest guys.  The pizza was great but those two guys really deserve raises, they went above and beyond to make my experience special.We ordered the Lucy Waggle for the first time. Not as good as their other pies. The prosciutto was too thick and salty. It dominated the other flavors. Makes me wonder if it was truly prosciutto. The dough was also lacking flavor. Maybe just an off night for a good pizza place.I waited years to come here. When someone tells me they have a "Pizza Museum" I wasn't expecting much. Maybe a hallway that leads to the bathroom. But not the corner of the pizza joint. Huge TMNT fan over here, grew up in the 90's, and their turtle selection was weak. All they ate was pizza. Plenty of opportunity there. 
Anyway, the pizza was solid. I wouldn't make the commute for it again, but it is a unique spot. See what you think.I first heard of Pizza Brain over a year ago when Brian Dwyer received the Guinness record for his pizza memorabilia collection. Once the pizzeria and museum opened last week, I knew this would be a place that I had to check out. At first I was hesitant; I worried that I would enter a room with a collection of pizza memorabilia with a generic pizzeria attached. But I loved the place. All of the pizzas are stellar and the museum is an impressive work in progress. The ingredients are fresh, the recipes range from standard to imaginatively unique, and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant is still in its infancy, but I certainly expect Pizza Brain to be a notable landmark in Philadelphia for pizza lovers everywhere..I have no idea why people wax poetic over this pizza joint!  I went with a friend yesterday, we each had a slice, and both of us were unimpressed. She had the Jane, which looked fine (nice fresh basil leaves on top), I had a special with brussel sprouts and bacon (looked more like prosciutto). Crust was fine. Sauce was kind of tasteless. Both of our slices needed salt (and there was none on the table). Honestly, I'm glad I tried it out, but won't be going back anytime soon. There has *got* to be better pizza in Philly!meh.
The ice cream next door was a BETTER find.
Sometimes I wish you could put a 'HIPSTER' into a time portal machine and allow themselves to hop into the future, then see themselves in the past......... (think about it), kinda douchy dude at counter, long winded, boring (altho he is unaware he's boring).  more importantly pizza was 'ok', sat a little too long, interior is great, preferred it to the food.Thoroughly delightful Saturday evening here. Pizza was super tasty, came out piping hot.  Different favors, delicious crust, relaxed atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back!BEST PIZZA IN PHILADELPHIA! I go to the place at least twice a month and I live on the other side of the city. Anytime I have friends out of time we make a trip to pizza brain and enjoy the pizza and the Museum!They use a lot of fresh ingredients, I even watched as the one person there picked basil leaves while we waited.  The food is definitely top notch and there's a lot of variety with the only downside of it taking a bit long and being pricey. The wait can be annoying at time, especially on a busy night when it can take quite awhile, but that just gives you time to check out Little Baby's right next door while your pizza gets made.Pizza is 4 star, attitude of workers is 0 star. Wouldn't sell slices because it was crowded. "We are selling slices but I'm trying to sell pies because everyone is buying slices." Um, what? Aren't you trying to make more money by selling slices?? I won't be back. I've had the pizza before at people's houses but will not spend my own money on it.How can you not give Pizza Brain 5 stars? They have been written up for Philly's best pizza for multiple years and for good reason. This is some of my favorite Za. Honestly, if you go here I would say try one of their unique flavors. You can get plain or pepperoni pizza anywhere, but these guys do AWESOME flavor combos. And grab little baby's ice cream when you're done!Great new addition to the 'hood.  I went during a special that included slices topped with local mushrooms and fingerlings and that slice was OFF THE HOOK.  Been back a few times since and have had good slices - but none that live up to the memory of that mushroom and potato, a combination I would never have thought I would like - but now can't stop thinking about.It may be a bit pricy but I have a killer weakness for the Wendy Wedgeworth.  I always unvegetarianize it with bacon...and sometimes extra bacon and get a side of the oil and balsamic, though I wish it was just straight balsamic.  Great flavor and decent crust 2 blocks away. Win.I have been excited about Pizza Brain for MONTHS!!! And alarmingly, the experience and the quality of the pizza FAR exceeded my expectations. 
Brian gave us two slices to try before we even ordered to keep the slices in rotation. He made awesome recommendations and was super friendly. We tried the Jane pizza, which had a delicious selection of flavorful cheeses, fresh basil and tangy tomato sauce. The crust was AMAZING??  BEST CRUST EVER?? Charred and crispy and had a fermenty dough-y taste. 
We also tried the seasonal pie with sweet potato, honey goat cheese, and pumpkin pie spice. I was afraid it would be too sweet but it was delicious and savory and complex and had pools of butter or something on top??? I have no idea. But it was alarmingly delicious. we sat on the floor and crammed pizza slices into our mouths like gluttons. 
Also the pizzas were very hot, and the wait didn't even seem excruciating because we could eat ice cream appetizers and look at pizza trinkets while our pizza was cooking. 
I was initially more excited about the quirky museum part than the pizza restaurant part of Pizza Brain... But now I can say the actual pizza is WAY worth the trip.Gotta go here if you come to Philly. I dream one day they name a pizza after me a girl who visits from California when ever possible  :) ice cream and pizza so good!!It's a cool pizza shop with a tribute to TMNT! They sell by slice and by pizza which is always a plus. We got their jane pizza and the Buffy pizza. Jane is your typical cheese pizza but better. The Buffy is a Buffalo chicken pizza. Their pizza is a thin thin crust with what I think is a coat of corn meal on the bottom, which makes it very crispy. Seating is limited because they share a space with the ice cream shop next door. Overall, this place has good pizza and I would come here again.What happened Pizza Brain!? You used to be so amazing :( Got 3 pizzas today and literally only 1 was what we actually ordered. The guy at the counter actually said "I was gonna call you and tell you we were out of xxx but didn't." $70 on three pies and I at least want what I ordered or a call with a heads up.The pizza was really just okay. I guess I expected to have my taste buds blown because of all the hype, but it didn't happen. I much prefer Nomad's pizza or Stella's. I probably wouldn't make the trek back to Fishtown for this pizza again. The decor is pretty unique, and it's nice to have a Little Baby's ice cream shop right there, but otherwise...meh.They sell pizzas by the slice : plain,sausage, and white pizza. I liked the sausage and white. The plain (jane) was just all right. The memorabilia was amazing. Its kind of a mini timeline of pizza in media. Really nostalgic.  Friendly owner too. They also have babys ice cream attached to the store.I came here with my friend's family, one of whom is a pizza connoisseur and enlightened us on the details of an ideal slice - the perfect crust color to cheese/sauce ratio. With this in mind, we ordered a white slice and a traditional pie. The pizza was surely delicious, in accordance to the ideal slice requirements. I love the hipster/pizza shop atmosphere; it works well together. Not to mention the really enthusiastic and creatively tattooed workers add to the youthful vibe of the restaurant and the area.One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I love the pizza memorabilia, the staff and the overall vibe. 
To me the true measure of a pizza shop is their plain cheese pizza.
The "Jane" pizza at Pizza Brain is one of the best plain cheese pizzas I've ever had. The sauce is a perfect balance of acid, salt and sweet. The cheeses they use perfectly compliment the sauce. The crust is thin, crispy, but with a little chew.   
In addition, they have 10+ other excellently curated rotating pies to choose from, a craft soda selection, and great music. 
All these things make Pizza Brain both a great neighborhood spot and a required destination for pizza lovers.Great Pizza. Great people. I gots me a group hug when I checked in. Afterwards we went to the ice cream parlor next door for great ice cream.Yes, the pizza is excellent here. I only order for take out though, because I never know where the hell to stand when I am in there. Some of the more bearded guys have enough self-confidence (or lack of self-awareness) to just eat wherever they stand.  It's always packed, and I guess you can eat in there and BYOB, but it seems like more trouble than it's worth to plant half a cheek on a stool.  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle memorabilia notwithstanding.
In any event, the pizza tastes great, but yes, it's 20 dollars for a pizza. (or $22 if you want bacon on the Bernie Templeton.)
Macklemore should write a song about it.
- Billy BluewaterI'm a Pizza Fiend. I love it. I live for it. When I heard about this Pizza Museum, I immediately bookmarked it and waited patiently for my opportunity. Gotta say: it was not really worth all the build-up in my head, and maybe that's my own fault.
I was SO hype on trying this place. It's a very small little store front with enough seating for maybe 10 people. There were only two men working, and they were pleasant enough though maybe not the most hospitable. They had that Fishtown Hipster "I'm too cool and I work at a pizza shop" air about them. Their pies average about $23, and their slices are $4, with different slices available depending on when you pop in. They have some craft glass-bottled sodas for purchase and free spigot for your H2O needs. 
I ordered two slices: the Jane and the Buffy Ernst. This was my first mistake. The slices are MASSIVE. I didn't have a clue just how big these pieces of pizza were. The Jane is their take on a classic cheese with fresh basil leaves, and the Buffy Ernest is a buffalo chicken pizza topped with blue cheese, chicken, onions and a homemade buffalo sauce. The pizza is a super thin crunchy crust (It actually cut the corners of my mouth!). It was very hot when it was served - I burned my tongue because I was too impatient. 
Taste was good, but not mind-blowing. I guess I was just super excited about the museum part and assumed the pizza would change my life. The Buffy was super greasy but had a good amount of spice. It was interesting, but I don't think I'd order it again. The Jane was just cheese slice. I did like the fresh basil leaves, but there was hardly any sauce, and it was just an average, though very large, cheese. Not stretchy or melty. Just "meh."
The best part of this shop is the pizza memorabilia. Lots of nostalgic pizza-themed toys, menus, movies, and posters. It was cool to see and read the "exhibits." There's no shortage of interesting things to see.  However, if you take away all the nick-knacks and toys, it's just your average pizza shop - except I prefer my hometown slice over this any day.I liked it. Pizza crust was really good. Sauce was flavorful.  The cheese may have been a little greasy, but I don't mind it.  Service was good.  Good selection of bottled soda.Thumbs way up for the strangeness that is the federal donuts pizza!I went to pizza Brain with about 6 of my friends because I noticed it as one of the better pizza places in fish town and boy was yelp right!! Pizza Brain was absolutely delicious, we got two large pizzas which was around $40. I thought it was a little pricey at first but thought it was the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. The pizza was thin crust, the sauce was delicious and the different pizza combinations were so cool. We got one pizza with peppers and sausage which was amazing and we also got a regular cheese pie. Enjoyed both!! My friends loved it as well! Definitely am going back to try their other pizzas!First time ordering from here. I was really excited after hearing good things. Delivery took an hour and a half and pizza arrived cold. Had to heat up in oven. The service makes it not worth the wait.Pizza  brain is by far The best pizza I ever had! I went to their opening night on a first Friday and it was phenomenal! The passion everyone of the owners has for pizza is incredible. It also has a great atmosphere. The pizza memorabilia is fun to look at and gives you something to do while you're waiting in line or waiting for your slice to heat up. Also the staff are very nice and love to make you feel as welcome as possible. I recommend this place to everyone!!I just moved into the area and missing NY pizza like crazy. I have only ordered from this place for delivery twice and both times had a great experience! Fast delivery, the delivery people are just so friendly, fairly priced, and the pizza was DELICIOUS! So far the JANE is my favorite, and possibly a top favorite pizza of all time for me. The sauce is the perfect sweetness, fresh basil, together it melts in your mouth. It is such a simple recipe (compared to their other more avant-garde pies) but they have perfected it! I find it similar to a grandma's pie + provolone. Pizza Brain FOREVER.I have to admit when I first heard about the "Museum of Pizza Culture" I thought to myself this place is gonna be all cheese and no meat if you know what I mean. And then I saw one of the owners; a towering red-headed goof named Brian "Brain" Dwyer (I bet you no one has ever actually called him Brain, either), I thought to myself that there is no way this joker has his slice together. Boy was I wrong. 
As it turns out what could've just been a pizzeria founded purely on the notion of ironic pizza paraphernalia and self-promoting parlor tricks with no palette for a great pie is actually deafening cacophony of sights and sounds and yes, folks... taste, GREAT TASTES! So many inventive flavors, infused with fresh ingredients and sense of humor and style. I've gone several times to the shop and I've tried the Jane (Cheese), Jobby Pines (Pesto, Pine Nuts, Chicken), Forbes Waggensense (Pepperoni), Felix Huppert (French Onion Soup), Lucy Waggle (Prosciutto, Dates, and Thyme), but the stand out might have been a new pie who's name I didn't catch. It was a white pie with sweet potatoes. Crust Almighty! Unique and complex. 
I think its safe to say that decor aside there is no pizza shop like this in the entire city, but even more importantly there is no Pizza like this in the entire city, there might not even be pizza like this on the entire eastern seaboard. Pizza Brain just might be the king of pies. Nay! The Wizard of Za's.Oh my, oh my, Pizza Brain Pie!  Second visit, even better than the first, but that's mostly because following the pizza we stepped next door to chase the pizza with Little Baby's ice cream..."Jane" - you're my fav pie!  So simple, so incredibly delicious.  So, you might have to wait a few minutes for your pie, but it's worth every moment.  Spend them looking around at the pizza memorabilia on the walls, in the floor (yep), around the corner at Little Baby's.  Napkins - you'll need napkins, because you're going to want to pick up those hot slices and devour them, risking the heat of the oven for that first yummy bite.  Visiting Philly?  Put Pizza Brain on your list, come on!I don't often give a review for a place unless I've loved it or I've had an agonizing experience. 
I have ordered from Pizza Brain in the past and their pizza is rather delicious. However, I will never order from Pizza Brain again due to a horrendous experience I had last Friday. 
I placed an order for a pizza around 4pm with a 45 minute timeframe for delivery, and I don't live too far away from Pizza Brain to begin with. Around 5:30 I give a call inquiring about my pizza, and am told that the delivery guy is out doing his rounds. I call again around 6pm to figure out that they never put my pizza delivery through the system. I am already frustrated at this point, but I really would like a pizza so ask them to put it back through the system. Around 7pm I call again wondering where the hell my pizza is, 3 hours after my original order. It seems they took down my number wrong, so my pizza again is not delivered on time. I never get pissed off but after three hours waiting for a single pizza, i'm fuming, but don't take it out on the employee. He informs me to email his manager about the situation so it can be rectified via complimentary pizza next time I order. Never received an email back. Never ordering from here again.Just had my first experience at Pizza Brain.  The atmosphere is awesome and the pizza was even better.  I love how creative the pizza's are on the menu.  It reminds me of Otto's, which is a probably the best artisan pizza joint in Boston, except I think this is BETTER.
Definitely going back, and pumped to have this place in the neighborhood!Just stopped by with my wife last night and ordered the Forbes Waggensense (pepperoni). It was PACKED! (Friday night), but our pizza still came out  fast (bout 15 minute wait) which was pretty impressive considering the massive throngs of hungry customers they were navigating. We ate it at home, and I must say it was the best pepperoni pie I've had in my life. Favorite part: the sauce. I always get bummed out when parlors under-sauce their pies. This was certainly not the case with my Forbes. Just the right amount of fresh, crisp, garlicky tomato goodness to cut the saltiness from the pepperonis and pull the other ingredients into balance. We ordered a large pizza, and between the two of us, we could only eat half. I just had a slice cold for breakfast and it was just as satisfying... so much so that I thought it worthy of updating my review to sing its praises. I'm already looking forward to lunch. Well played, pizza men.Had the Jane and Queenie Delouche...both were amazing!  Can not wait to go back for more!I've had several pizzas from Pizza Brain and each one has been fantastic. Truly one of the absolute best places to get pizza. I recommend the FORBES WAGGENSENSE (pepperoni) or the HENRIETTA BLANCH (sausage) pizzas. Heck... I recommend ALL the pizzas. Pricey, but worth every penny.Takes your weekly pizza night and makes it a pizza experience. I love Pizza Brain! While you wait for your pie or slice view all the pizza memorabilia- the collection is quite impressive! 
The staff are friendly, quirky and enthusiastic. The pizza menu is excellent, with an array of unique and interesting (and delicious) toppings. My favorite "traditional" pies  are the Forbes Waggensense or Wendy Wedgeworth. Our other fav "white" pie is Lucy Waggle but we've tried them all and have never been disappointed.
Eat in or take out the quality of pie is top notch. Location is convenient and not too hard to find street parking for those who live further than walking distance. 
Dining room can seat groups or families, but can be crowded during peak hours. 
Added bonus is Little Baby's gourmet ice cream next door!I've been hearing about Pizza Brain for a month or two now.  First thoughts -- pizza museum?  That's interesting.  Then I checked them out online and learned that they are a pizza museum that makes pizza (!?)  I finally had a chance to grab a slice there last night and now I know that they are a pizza museum of sorts that makes amazing pizza.  My boyfriend and I shared a slice of their Jane pizza (a really flavorful four cheese blend, tomato sauce, garnished with some flavorful fresh basil) and a really nice white pizza with dabs of ricotta and sprigs of fresh thyme on top.  I loved that the slices were served on classic white paper plates.  This pizza was good -- honestly, some of the best I've had in my life.  I want to know the back story behind Pizza Brain -- where did they come up with these recipes and ingredients?  There must be love and admiration baked in as well -- this pizza was so flavorful and balanced. It helps that it is always fresh out of the oven with such a demand (and not a fancy brick oven or coal oven).   We sat there for awhile chatting and admiring the pizza showpieces.  And then the BF went back for a second slice of Jane.  I really do want to try some of their fancy whole pizza pies when I am next in town -- I do wish they would serve two sizes up.  I hate just committing to one large.  It does seem like they vary the flavors of slices on offer.
Minuses -- yes, there area a few even in pizza paradise.  It does look like price has come down a bit.  Slices of Jane pizza are now $3.00 with a whole pie going for $15.  Other pies are $22 and some of the fancier slices are $3.50.  But I've lived in NYC and DC most recently, so I know expensive pizza and this is still under those prices by far.  I don't live in fishtown so I wish there was a bit more in the way of seating -- maybe some little tables in the big antechamber before Little Baby's (which is such a great way to conclude your pizza meal...and thank god I don't live in Philadelphia more or else I would have to redouble gym efforts to counteract pizza and ice cream excursions).  It is a bit awkward to eat more than a slice sitting on a folding chair.  When is the beer coming?  Philly is such a great beer city and with great pizza there should be beer.  Finally, the memorabilia was fun -- I hope it changes up occasionally to keep things interesting although it is very artfully arranged now.  All in all, definitely stop in for a slice soon.I want to love this place, but my husband and I have had inconsistency with our orders.  I don't think the pizza is the best I've ever had, but I like the creative combinations of ingredients.  However, when hubby ordered daiya (2 slice minimum requirement), there was barely even a sprinkle of the vegan cheese on it.  However, the previous time he ordered it, there was more.I LOVED LOVED LOVED PIZZA BRAIN!  I have heard so many wonderful things and I was delighted by my first experience.  I ordered a pizza after a long night at work and thought I would give Pizza Brain a try.  When I went to pick-up the pizza, the staff were extremely friendly and made me feel right at home.  You don't go to many restaurants nowadays where people seem genuinely happy.  They take the time to talk with you and make it their business to know your name. 
When I got home, I opened that pizza box and it looked like pure heaven.  Just enough basil, pepperoni, and yummy cheese! The crisp of the pizza was amazing!
This will be my GO TO pizza place for now on! LOVED IT!  Kudos to the Pizza Brain staff for having such a warm and welcoming environment!! Smiles really are contagious!After having Pizza Brain bookmarked for way too long, I finally made a trip over. First impression- the location was very surprising. While it is located on Frankford Ave, don't assume that it is within walking distance from Frankford Hall and the other Fishtown/No Libs bars. Pizza Brain is really out there, and the only place worth visiting within a few blocks. Maybe they're hoping for a neighborhood revival? Secondly, there is limited seating. Although it appears to be first come, first served, the host informed us that the tables are given first preference to customers who order a whole pie. Makes sense, but definitely turned me off from returning to sit-in for a quick slice. The memo on this may have already gotten out, however, as I noticed most people were ordering to-go. As for the pizza itself, it was good, but I wasn't blown away. My expectations may have been too high,but I definitely thought it was overpriced. And if you only wanted a slice, the options were limited compared to the pie choices. Continuing with the pros, I also wanted to mention that the staff were super friendly and helpful. And a big plus for sharing space with Little Baby's. After-all, who doesn't love pizza & ice cream? I'll return for a slice the next time I'm craving some Little Baby's, but I won't be running back here.WE NEEDED PIZZA.
see, we had spent the day getting new tattoos and we were in very delicate places physically and emotionally and PIZZA was the only word we could say out loud to each other. 
we looked at the pizza brain menu on the way to pizza brain.
we saw a pizza listed with brussel sprouts.
we love brussel sprouts. 
the very nice gal working the counter at pizza brain asked if this was our first time there and we said PIZZA because that was all we could say and she suggested some very friendly sounding traditional pizza and we were like NO. THE BRUSSEL SPROUT ONE and she gave us the look that only the most pizza savvy could share.
that pizza ruled.
one of the best pizzas of all time. FOR REAL.friendly cashier.  i would come back.  
ordered the pie with kale (forgot the name) and it was pleasantly huge! freshly baked!  awesome crust!  a little too salty due to the cheese.