This amazing brick oven pizza joint gets better every time I go. The last I time I went I got a Rotolo and a prosciutto pizza. The Rotolo is dough wrapped around mortadella and ricotta cheese and topped with pistachios and oil. It is so good. I order it every time. It's about the size of a bun and cost $5. The pizza was amazing. The prosciutto was incredibly tasty. The dough is divine. The service is always great and the beer selection is good. Definitely one of the best pizza places in Philly.Overrated. This place is ok, often the crust is burned...maybe our pallets aren't sophisticated enough to appreciate that taste but it's not our thing. We enjoyed the cauliflower salad and the fried dough ball dessert is delishI could be craving pizza and be walking by and STILL not go in again. I will say the ingredients are definitely fresh and service was great however the pizza is just plain not good. The crust is so thin that the pizza is cold within a few minutes and it was just a little floppy and bland. I wanted to love this place but with so many other pizzerias in the area I won't be going back.Philadelphia, I love you.  Places like this remind me why.  We sat at the counter and watched the guys make the pizzas.  Our son hates cheese on a pizza and they had one already on the menu for him: The Marinara (oregano, crushed san marzano tomatoes, garlic, olive oil).  It was simple... but delicious. If you like real wood-fired pizzas that char the crust (a little blackened... in a good way), this is the place to go to.  Our other favorite pizza joints that rival this place are Lombardi's (NYC) and Grimaldi's (Brooklyn).  We all had a slice and were shocked at the lovely simplicity of it. Razor thin slices of garlic dotted the fresh tomato sauce.  My husband and I shared the Salsiccia (fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, mozzarella).  Roasted fennel on a pizza?  Brilliant. I cried a little.  No wait... I REALLY cried when we shared this cocktail: The Brooklyn (Dad's Hat rye, Luxardo cherry, white vermouth).  It says it serves one, but they brought it out in a cute little bottle and gave us each a glass...each with a hand- crafted giant square ice cube (hipster-cool) and Luxardo cherries.  Perfection.  We also shared a Rotolo (pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto).  Those are crazy amazing.  I kept saying my husband could eat the rest... then freaking out and going back for another bite. He's lucky I didn't stab him in the hand with a fork to fight over the last bite (to be fair, he was the smart one who ordered it).  I could've eaten several of those and forgotten the pizza (although that was wonderful too!).  We finished with a little dessert... perfect little Italian cookies ("Cookie Jar" - pignoli, almond cookies, chocolate biscotti, pistacchio gnocchi) and I got an Affogato (fiordilatte soft serve with a shot of espresso).  The soft serve is Italian sweet cream... decadent and lovely... with rich espresso in a pretty little Italian mug.  I'm in Heaven here.  I know nothing about Vetri's other restaurants, but I'm checking them out next time I'm in Philadelphia!  By the way... service was great and friendly.  5 stars all around!I really enjoyed this hip pizza shop. The atmosphere was great. Hip hop was jamming in the background so we at the community tables could have great conversation. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and just wanted to customer to have a fabulous experience. Local beer, wine on tap, and delicious pizza. We ordered the prosciutto pie and Nutella dessert pie! YumOh Pizzeria Vetri, how I wanted to 4 and 5 star love you- but our night wasnt that night. Don't get me wrong, your food was decent- the Crudo was tasty and the rotolo was great but I guess the hype prior to meeting you was just a bit oversold. 
Service: Meh. everyone there seemed really bored and the vibe was a bit bland. 
Seating: I sat at the counter because I dislike communal seating unless I'm at a bar. I recommend this option if you don't want to sit near someone else's hangry toddler or if you just want to watch the pizza making magic.
Food: Decent. The pizza (I got the Crudo) was good and rotolo was really good but my pizza was a bit too oily and was barely warm. Other then that, the thin crust style pizza was well executed and all of the ingredients were fresh. The prosciutto wasn't overly salty and the sauce was lovely.
I will probably go back soon to try a bit more from the menu since there were a lot of things that were appealing like the Melanzana and Salsiccia pizzas or the Nutella Pizza for dessert, yum.  
To be continued...We really enjoyed our visit to Pizzeria Vetri.  The group split four pies, Margherita, Crudo, Quattro Formaggi and Renato.  They all tasted great, I think the Margherita and Crudo were our two favorites.  Good beer selection and the Fried Pizza Dough dessert was a nice ending to fun night out.  
PV is quite small with little waiting space, the bar Kite & Key across the street is a good spot to wait and have a drink.Checked this spot out with work colleagues due to its convenient location to our work (we could walk & leave cars in parking garage!).
Pleasantly blown away!
Sicilian slice with pancetta & vidalia onions was unbelievably airy & done perfectly.
Shared an Italian Caesar salad -- little heavy on dressing but loved the anchovies!
Splurged & got the sweet cream & cappuccino soft serve twist -- we all devoured this in minutes! Dining partners loved the assortment of Italian cookies (I was in gluten coma & could not do any more dough!  Fell off my GF wagon for the night). 
Would so come back again!
Get here early ... We did thankfully; was packed by 6p.This is a decent pizza place with a pizza bar around the pizza oven/hearth where you can see them make pizza right in front of you. 
The service is pretty quick. The only downside is that it is a small place and is always crowded so you should expect wait times.Excellent restaurant & service. Very nice atmosphere & friendly staff. I have tried the pizza & the calzone. Really nice and I loved it.All I can really say is WoW.  The flavors were fantastic.  Quattro Formaggi, Crudo and Sea Salt and Rosemary.  The service was great.  The open pizza area was great to watch these guys at their work.  Beer list is awesome.  What else can I say.  Go.  Eat Pizza the way it should have always been.Preface - I LOVE Pizza.  So even when this place was under construction I already had my sights set on it.  Finally was able to get there yesterday and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.  I went on a Friday night and I was expecting a bit of a wait given that it is still the new hotspot, but to my surprise for my group of 4 the hostess said it would be a 15-20 minute wait and we were seated in about 10 minutes.  Prompt seating = bonus.  We sat around the kitchen bar counter and so got to enjoy watching them make pizza all night long.  Ok on to the food.  I read from other reviews that the ritolo was a must try and indeed it is a must try.  They are relatively small so if you get two (which we did) its not a big deal.  We got the crudo pizza and the margerita pizza.  The pizza dough on both was perfect, a bit crispy but still chewy and full of flavor.  We got the crudo pizza and the margerita pizza.  The crudo pizza was our favorite out of the two.  Its a bit bigger than a personal pizza, so perfect for two people to share.  Then came the dessert, I was not expecting much from the dessert as this is a pizza place, but we ordered the fried dough and the cappacino soft serve ice cream.  The ice cream blew us away.  Perhaps the best ice cream we have ever had.  One of the people in our group was lactose intolerant and even she said screw it and had some of the ice cream, it was that good.  
On a side note, toward the end of our dinner vetri came in and was talking to the various chefs and employees.  Kind of cool to see him in the restaurant.
Overall an awesome experience that lived up to our expectations and then some.  Will definitely be making this a regular place.Greeted at the door by a pleasant server.  Ample seating.  Tables turn over quickly.  Loud music. Hip vibe.   Young crowd.  Cheap eats.  $8 wines and a pretty decent beer selection.   Pizza served within 5 minutes!  Absolutely fabulous!  Nice thin crust with fresh ingredients.  Didn't expect fresh tasty basil in Philadelphia in 9° weather (bit of a basil snob, I am).  Good mozzarella on our Margherita pie.  Hubby had the special Salumente Picante pizza slice and it was tasty.  Nothing to scream home to mama about but a nice spot with a good slice.  Bravo.i stumbled upon this pizzeria as it's directly across from the Barnes Foundation. The pizza was so scrumptious, che delizioso! I dug in to a prosciutto secco slice with gorgonzola and had enough energy to sustain my epic museum visit and the rest of my evening errands. The crust was thick and flavorful. I loved that they were playing late 90's hip-hop and I would definitely recommend it.This place rocks!  More figuratively than literal because as soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the sounds of really good hip hop music playing.  The vibe is laid back and the decoration is chic. There is seating outside and two types of seating inside: communal and counter top.  The counter has a small glass window so one can see the tattooed-artisans construct the pizzas.  With that in mind, we decided to take a seat at the counter.
A vegetarian would be right at home with the menu, because majority of the pizzas do not have meat as a topping.  If you are looking for a pepperoni pizza, you're out of luck here.  We decided to go with the Salsiccia, which consists of roasted fennel and fennel sausage.  I ordered a glass of red wine to go with my pizza.  As I sipped on my wine, I enjoyed watching the pizzas get made and shoved into roaring fire of the wood-burning oven. 
The pizza arrived looking delicious with the crust charred in a few places.  You can tell the toppings are sourced from top-notch ingredients.  The crust was thin and soft. I always have a soft spot for pizzas made in a wood-burning oven, and this pizza was no exception.  
All in all, I had a great pizza and a good experience.The waiting to be seated is a real bitch but if you can get passed that then you will have AMAZING pizza! I'm a pizza fan and I gotta tell you their prosciutto pie is superb! Pair that with one of Philly's renowned craft beer and you are golden! The service was great. We ended up sitting outside and although the view isn't terrific (parking garage) the company was great.I have eaten here 5 times. The pizza is just ok. I like it but it doesn't travel. At all! Quality ingredients but it's not like Italy, but what is? What you should order are the Salads. They may be the best in the city. They are inventive and unique. Great combos and they always have a seasonal special. It's always crowded and it's best to sit outside in season. I wish the pizza was better but.....Second visit and all my former downsides are no more!  The margherita and salsiccia pizzas were both outstanding.  I'd love to see a sausage with less fennel and more pepper, but that is just a personal preference.  And, they fixed the wine problem I had on my earlier visit.  They now have a very tasty red wine and the price has dropped to a very reasonable $8.50.
I'm looking forward to a lot more pizzas at PV!Nice pizza place with good pizza and great service. I am not a big pizza person and dont eat much pizza though, so my review might not mean much here haha. We got small pizzas of crudo, melanzana, and salsiccia. Crudo was good, though I am more of a fan of red pizza than white pizza, and the meat was a bit spare but delicious regardless. Salsiccia was great with a wonderful mix of (a good amount of) sausage and fennel. Melanzana was ordered by one of my friends who is a vegetarian. I didnt think it would be that good (and im not a big fan of eggplant), but it really impressed me; it might be even better than crudo and salsiccia.  
The portions were good and filling (one small pizza per person). However, the bread was quite thin, and i love thick dough, so that was a bit of a con.Awful! Typical Philly "hot spot" that appeals to hipsters and snobs that would rather have a "scene" than quality dining. We ordered several pizzas. They were thin with burnt crust and room temperature. Worst of all they were $15-16 a pop! Insane. I could stay in the suburbs and go to a mom & pop joint where real unpretentious folks go and get a pizza ten-times as good for half the cost!
Plastic chairs and little to no atmosphere. The service wasn't bad and that was the high point! I hate that places like this can actually be successful. A total half-assed effort catered to mindless hipsters and wannabes that think it's cool to do the Philly thing for a few years. Real Philly people know where to get Pizza and Vetri ain't it!One would think with Pizzeria Vetri being so close to home, I would visit more frequently. Unfortunately, that is not the case, and since my initial review and I've only been back twice. 
My first trip back was for my birthday and it was at least 6 months after my initial visit. I hyped the crap out of the place to my husband and probably set the bar way too high in my own head. As a result, I was a little disappointed. I had the Rotolo which was extraordinary but for whatever reason my Melanzana pizza fell a little flat to me personally. I ended up liking my husband's Salsiccia a little more.
This past Saturday night, my husband and I were looking for a causal but tasty date night so we decided to head back to Pizzeria Vetri. I took the restaurant off its pedestal and ended up having an exceptional dinner. Funny how that works, right? 
So of course we had to get the Rotolo. I can see why it won a 2014 Best of Philly award. It was light, doughy and pesto perfection. I would still enjoy it without the mortadella and ricotta but that adds an even more flavor. I could probably be a happy camper with a meal of 3-4 Rotolos.
I enjoyed the Salsiccia last time so decided to go for a repeat. It didn't disappoint. Pizzeria Vetri's Instagram page had also tantalized me with pictures of the special pizza of the day, so we had to give it a shot as well. It consisted of broccoli rabe stuffed porchetta, mozzarella, black pepper and pecorino cheese. The ingredients were basic enough for a gourmet pizza but together made for a really great taste. The combination of flavors was a little sharp but in a good way.
The service has been excellent for each of my three visits. Our servers have always been polite, professional and extremely polished. On our most recent visit the manager stopped by towards the end of our meal to see how we were doing. 
I don't love the communal style set-up. While dining out, I prefer the company of my own party. My husband and I have taken to liking to the counter seats that face the open kitchen. I personally found the pizza preparation to be extremely enjoyable to watch and for whatever reason oddly therapeutic and relaxing. 
Moral of my update: Pizzeria Vetri serves up some fabulous gourmet pizza but it isn't the best gourmet pizza in the world and certainly not the best atmosphere. Go in with a realistic expectation and I think you'll enjoy it just fine.We had a calzone and the margherita pizza.  Both were delicious with a thin light crust.  Service was excellent and incredibly fast.  It will definitely become a regular stop.Tiny restaurant with amazing food. Just portioned perfectly. Definitely worth the wait if there is one.Great food and great service! Can't wait to go again.
( Update to initial review. After leaving Philly we spent a few days in the Big Apple. The best pizza we had in New York was at Pizza Vetri in Philadelphia! )Met some old friends for lunch and the pizza was great! We split 5 pies and had more than enough food for everyone. 
We split a Margherita pizza, sausage Sicilian slice, Salsiccia and a Crudo. The only thing I would have liked is if the Margherita had more basil. Each pie was very good and cooked perfectly in their wood oven. 
They had a very nice selection of beer and inside was small but comfortable.Didn't even get to eat....  Waited 30 mins for a table. We were skipped and than offered to sit at the counter with a newborn baby.  Really?   They gave our table away twice but I'm supposed to be ok with that.   I'll stick to Jersey for pizza next timeI want to love this place, I really do. One the surface, the atmosphere is good, the ingredients seem top notch, and the pizza selections well chosen. But every pie I had has been to cold and floppy to really win me over."I thought it would be crispier." That's what she said! (It made the hubs laugh.)
It's a sort of mixed up pizza. Certainly not thin & crispy, but not spongy, like most American pizza. But also not Neapolitan, as is the style of the day. Whatever it was, however, worked for me. And their red sauce is really spot on. And get that roltolo with the pesto.
Buuut. .. ugh, the set up. So awkward. There is no where to wait where you won't feel in the way. You just stand there with your rapidly warming wine or beer. And don't get me started on bottled cocktails. I get the space issue (plus not paying a bartender, which I get but don't condone.) but the selection is never all that good. Combine that with such limited wine selections - stick with beer? I guess, if that's your thing. And I hate communal seating. Especially when there are so many children. 
I guess I forget that when chefs and their restaurants are spoken of in these exalted tones, that it's still just pizza. Kids like pizza. I think Vetri could have just found a larger space.Pizzeria Vetri is hidden off of busy Benjamin Franklin Parkway in an oasis of restaurants on Callowhill Street. The inside of the restaurant is pretty hip - high ceilings, pizza oven visible in all its glory, and playing sick tracks. I can totally see this being a place for people to stop in for a pizza snack. We ordered the crudo pizza for two. This was definitely the perfect size for an in-between meal for two or someone that isn't super hungry at dinner. The pizza was delicious. There was no shortage of prosciutto and the mozzarella was a perfect balance to it. I'm normally not a big fan of crust but this was also great.Food is ok as long as you are not a sauce fan. It's kind of a trendy chic type place. We requested a side of sauce and that got us through. My wife liked it better than me.Pizzeria Vetri is a welcome addition to Philadelphia's pizza scene and is a great lunch destination for those interested in grabbing a real high quality bite before or after a visit to the one of Parkway museums (it's only a stone's throw from the Barnes). 
I visited PV on the second day they were open which worried me a little because sometimes places need some time to get up to speed. Despite some harried chefs (don't have a heart attack, guys) ordering around the pizza makers now and then, everything else seemed to be working (and tasting) just fine. 
I was promptly greeted by the hostess and was escorted to a seat at the marble counter in front of the large wood burning pizza oven. This is the place to sit if you can swing it. Not only do you get to see all of the pies made right before your eyes, you also get to peek at some of the other pizzas on the menu so you will know what you want to try the next time (like the one with the different cheeses and the eggplant one). Other seating in the restaurant (which is pretty small and fills up quickly I might add) also includes a slightly smaller counter looking out onto the sidewalk and parking lot across the street as well as a few large tables with community style seating (a la Stella) in the center. It's very kid friendly and informal but very cramped when it gets crowded. Kids can (and did) spill stuff and there's no worry about making too much of a mess. And if you hate kids it's hard to hear them over the 80's rap music being blasted (think Village People and Salt 'N Pepa) in the background. Kind of strange atmosphere looking at pizzas, seeing big photos of Italy, looking at families with kids spilling all kinds of stuff and hearing "Aaaah, push it. Push it real good" in the background. Maybe a tactic to increase beer sales?
Anyway, my pleasant server quickly arrived and offered me either tap or sparking water. I chose the latter expecting Pellegrino or something like that, but PV has an in-house bubbler like Zavino so they can carbonate their own. 
The menu at PV is pretty straightforward. They offer about ten whole pizzas (each has six slices...good for one hungry person or two dieting people). They also have one daily special rectangular pizza sold by the big slice, calzones, rolled pizza dough with pistachio pesto, and a few salads.
Wanting to keep things simple, I opted for the Margherita pizza. It came out quickly and was top-notch. The crust was very thin (thinner than say Zavino and a lot like Pitruco). It was firm and not soggy (like Stella) nor did it taste like a salitine cracker (like Slice!). It was nicely charred in spots but not burned. The sauce was good, not very thick but not runny, as was the mozzarella and the fresh basil. I did notice that in the chaos that started to ensue behind the counter that one of the chefs mistakenly forgot to drizzle olive oil and did not sprinkle sea salt on my pie like the other Margherita ones being dished out, but it did not seem to affect the taste at all. It was clearly one of the two best (if not the best) Margheritas in Philly that I have downed.
I managed to save some room for dessert and tried the cookie jar, which is essentially eight small cookies in a small white paper bag. It included two good chocolate biscotti, two of the best pignoli cookies I have ever had (sorry Termini's), two confectioners sugar covered almond cookies, and two pistachio gnocchi. It was a nice ending to my lunch and not at all overwhelming. PV also has fried pizza dough with citrus fennel sugar and soft serve as well. 
My bill for lunch was $24 which was not bad. I was a little surprised that PV charges $5 for their sparkling water (it's free at Zavino), but I guess someone has to pay for the bubbler.(which is not cheap incidentally). 
All in all it was a great lunch and I am sure I will be rushing back in no time. The food was great. The service was excellent. Granted, near the end of the meal it was like having a front row seat in that Gordon Ramsey show on TV, but I am sure that things will calm down at PV and everything behind the counter will mirror the perfection being plated and served on the other side.The menu has Neopolitan pizza and not much else. Pizza is excellent. Had a Margherita, a Marinara, and the Crudo. Oh, and the fried pizza dough for dessert was good, too.How does ANY pizza place not serve a pepperoni pizza?  The pizzas they do serve are good, some more adventerous than others. Their salads are good too. But they don't serve the most popular pizza topping in America.Paid $14 for a 10 inch Margerita pizza that was cut into 6 pieces, 2 of which didn't have any cheese on them. None.  The sauce was good, but the pizza is absurdly overpriced. The size of the pizza would be the equivalent of 2 slices at a normal pizzaria. So it's like paying $14 for 2 slices of pizza.
Also got the $10 Caesar salad. Same issue. The only difference was that the salad was pedestrian, at best, and the pizza was actually pretty good.Really good pizza, nice staff. Prices ok. Salads are a little small and expensive for what they are. But can't go wrong with the pizza. Some of better pizza in area, not too big, thin, well seasoned and flavorful.
Casual place with quasi communal seating, but is very manageable. Can be crowded at peak times. Worth checking out! EnjoyFood was great. We split 2 pies and 2 deserts. The place had a nice casual vibe. It's really nicely laid out. Plan on going again.This was an excellent find.  The pizza was amazing and the salads outstanding.  Fresh fresh fresh. Service great.  Wish we lived nearby would go all the time.So good! Been to Pizzeria Vetri twice so far since it's opening. Both times, i've been wowed. This is the closest to real italian pizza as you're going to get statewide. Nice charred crust, loaded with fresh, tasty toppings.
Drinks wise, make sure to get an Aperol Spritz. Aperol and Prosecco, what could be bad right? The wine is OK. I'd honestly prefer a better selection, knowing what Vetri serves at his other establishments, but I understand the point of keeping this place as a in and out Pizzeria. Seems like their focus is more on craft beers, similar to Alla Spina. 
First of all, you must start with a rotolo. Those things are insane! Little bundle of joy filled with mortadella, topped with pistachios. I could eat those as my meal alone. Their pizza specials are usually the best way to go. The most recent time we went we had a pizza with fresh peaches on it that was to die for. 
Make sure you save room for dessert though, because they are phenomenal. You'll have a tough time deciding which one to get, trust me ! (we usually end up ordering them all, and taking them home since we're just too stuffed). The Nutella pizza is awesome! (that basically speaks for itself, its Nutella pizza, people) The Affogato is a must. Espresso with a nice helping of Soft Serve Ice Cream. The Fried Pizza Dough is what gets me every time. Its got citrus fennel sugar on every single bite. MMmmmmm.
I see everyone's saying that Stephen Starr's pizza place is better than this place. I've never been to Stella, but honestly, I don't think I need to. Pizzeria Vetri is hands down the best in my eyes. Definitely give it a try !Great pizza! Love the atmosphere here too. It'll be tough but make sure you leave some room for the soft serve as dessert.WOW! Let me just start off by saying this place is packed or maybe it was just packed the Monday evening I was there. My husband and I were craving yummy pizza so we came across Pizzeria Vetri and decided to try it out. We had a choice of either waiting 30 minutes for a table that would basically be shared with other people or eating at the pizza bar right away. I didn't mind watching the food get made. It was pretty cool in fact! We were offered sparkling or "normal" water and we chose the latter. 
My husband and I couldn't find a pizza we both desired so we ordered two separate ones: the crudo and the salsiccia. We also ordered a Rotolo because every other table seemed to be ordering one and it looked delicious. To be honest, I think the Rotolo was my favorite perhaps because it was the first time I tried it. 
Now back on topic, the pizza's were edible. Were they delicious? Eh. My husband and I don't exactly like vegetables. We never crave vegetables to be exact. However, while eating the pizza's here, we were both wishing we ordered a salad. I'm not sure how to explain it but the food wasn't exactly greasy but it felt that way. I wish they offered some pizza's that had meat and vegetables on them. For example, a Prosciutto pizza with spinach and cherry tomatoes. Now that sounds delicious! 
The service was A-OK mostly due to being busy. We needed napkins but never got them. We also waited about five minutes for the check to come. The whole experience felt rushed because the restaurant was packed and busy. 
All in All, I don't think I will be going back as I didn't enjoy the experience or find the food worth $60 dollars.Great, inventive pizza.  Ordered the special which was fava beans, spring onion, mozzarella, and black pepper pecorina.  It was fantastic.  Our table also had the Salsiccia, which was equally good.  My kids ordered the Nutella pizza and were really excited by this option.  They enjoyed their order as well.  The only downside is they do not take reservations, so getting in with a party of seven for lunch proved challenging.  We ended up waiting about 40 minutes, but I am okay with that as I really wanted to try this out.  The service wasn't the best, but it wasn't horrible either.  All in all a good experience but with the burgeoning restaurant scene in Philly, I am not sure I would put this on my have to go back to list.While in the city trued something​new glad I did got the sasauge Stromboli way to much for one person .Great taste placed filled up at lunch time glad I walked inAbsolutely fantastic! Must haves - pesto rotolos, quattro formaggi, and pepperonis!I was unexpectedly surprised with how much I liked this place. I came here for a late dinner, just wanting something small and light since I've been eating all day. It's a pretty small and cozy place, with a few tables outside. All the tables were taken, but we were able to sit at the high tops where they made the pizzas. Best seats in the house!
They were super efficient in making the pizzas. All the ingredients looked fresh and plentiful on the pizzas themselves. The pies coming out of their wood burning oven looked amazing. I enjoyed watching them make them through the night. Looking at that, as well as the menu, I didn't want anything small anymore but wanted to try a little bit of everything.
Got the Italian Cesar salad- anchovies topped the salad so it had that saltiness in each and every bite. The pizza dough as the croutons were warm and doughy.
While waiting for our pizza, they had an extra calzone and hooked it up for free. Thanks!
Got the pepperoni and crudo pies. I love the crust of these pizzas- perfectly charred from the oven. The pepperoni was crunchy and not oily. It was like eating tiny pepperoni chips! For the crudo pie, The prosciutto was great with the buffalo mozzarella and every bite was salty and creamy. 
Even though we were full, we wanted to try the nutella pie for dessert. So glad I did! The pie was again perfectly charred and the nutella and marshmallow was perfectly melted. I just wish I had milk to wash it all down.
Overall a great experience. The hip hop music playing in the background topped it all off. It wasn't too loud that you could still hear yourself carry a conversation. Will def go back next time I'm in the area.I popped in here with some coworkers for lunch the other day to see if all the buzz I've heard about the place was true. It's pretty small inside but we were able to grab the end of a joint table. We had to wait a good 10-15 minutes to place our order but the food came quickly. I shared the crudo pizza and a slice of the Pizza al taglio with one of my coworkers and it was AMAZING! The prosciutto melted in my mouth and the mixture of  mozzarella and parmigiano cheeses was divine. I think it's a bit pricey but totally worth it. I can't wait to return and try the Margherita pizza!Can't rave enough about this place.  Friendly staff, great food and awesome ambiance.  A definite must visit!!Awesome, awesome, awesome! Definitely the best pizza I've had in Philly. And I've tried alot. 
My boyfriend had the "Rotoli" and apparently it was the best tasting thing in the world! It had Mortadella cheese and prosciutto on the inside and topped with Postacchio Pesto! Light and yummy. He also had the calazone which was amazing!
I had the Margarhita pizza- super fresh, cooked just right! And I tried the Rosemary Lemonade which I highly recommend. So refreshing. 
Great restaurant and perfect for sitting outside on a nice day!Pizzeria Vetri is the place you go when you want to hit a re-creation of the typical bustling corner pizza shop from Marc Vetri's old stomping grounds in Italy.
You wouldn't make a reservation at a pizza by the slices place, so why would you make a reservation here?
it has an open kitchen - and I mean open: you can watch the dishwasher while you wait for the restroom if you want.
My wife and I sat at the bar. We don't usually sit at the bar but we should do so more often: it's meditative.
This place is the answer to your lamentation, "I wish those corner pizza shops made great no-frills pizza with the right stuff from the market. I could buy that stuff at market and make the pizza myself, but tonight I'd prefer it cooked in an oven from Italy by guys who make pizza all day in a method Vetri taught them."
Prices are reasonable for the concept - splitting a salad, two pizzas, a beer, and tip will set you back around 50-60 bucks. I didn't say pizza by the slice place prices! But let's face it, you'd pay the same amount at Pizzeria Vetri as you would at a place like Pietro's, but here you'll get the better pizza.
music: Grandmaster Flash, Run DMC, Naughy by Nature, stuff like that.Pizzeria Vetri is becoming a regular indulgence for me.  I've been for both lunch and dinner and I love what they've got going on in this little space.
The first thing that caught my eye was the sweet ass pizza oven (Renato?) positioned directly in the center of the place.  As I learned from one of their managers, it's the only heat source they have in the restaurant so all of their cooking is done in it.  They have several tables but for me, the real action is sitting at the pizza counter and watching the line do its thing.
Individual bins with dates are stacked on the left indicating which day the dough was made.  The guys working the line pull out a dough ball and begin shaping it.  Next, the stretched dough gets one set of a myriad of toppings (fresh sauce, prosciutto, aged cheese, tuna (yes they have a tonno pie) and then is whisked away into that oven.
Seven (7) or so minutes later, the pie gets kissed to the top of the oven and comes out piping hot with crispy bubbled edges.  Usually, the pies get a finishing of some sort (fresh herbs, some spice or a sprinkling of an aged cheese) before it's handed off to you.
The only rub of this place is getting a seat during popular times.  There are many great places to get a pie in Philadelphia (of similar quality) but none walkable from this location.  They've pretty much setup an outpost and it's working well for them.
At lunch, they have a pizza al taglio (by the slice) which means it's baked in a large rectangle and cut off for individual consumption.  I had one with roasted pears and holy hell was it delicious.
So, if you like delicious pizza and a soundtrack based on a Das Efx pandora station, this is the place for you.  Oh and make sure to leave room for the fried pizza dough.  You can thank me later.I am a regular of Vetri Pizzeria and it is the only place we go for pizza in Philadelphia.  I was very disappointed in the service tonight and all of my colleagues from out of town got the whole "Philly attitude" throughout the whole dinner service.  Very disappointing from a service perspective and they must of moved all the good servers to the Rittenhouse location.  No wonder they were not busy tonight.  The food was excellent especially the special dish they created.  Updated items but when i asked about what we ordered totally defensive attitude.  We placed several orders and they were not served as requested, when asked the server had a defensive attitude and did not care to provide good customer service. i hope they move the staff around but i can't see them fitting into the Rittenhouse culture.  I really hope it changes since this is our go to for pizza but i will not put up with being treated like i was tonight.Stopped in Pizzeria Vetri late on Sunday night. Found parking easy on the street. The place is in a very nice store front and is simple, hip and clean. They have some outdoor seating, but we chose indoors.The waitress service was very good. They have a nice selection of rotating beers.  We ordered the following:
Quattro formaggi pizza - gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, fontina
Salsiccia - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, mozzarella
Arugula salad- coal roasted potatoes, pesto, taggiasca olives
The pizza was great, probably the best I have had in awhile. The crust is light and fluffy with just a touch of wood fried burn. The toppings are just right and tasted very fresh and were not oily.  I really liked Pizzeria Vetri and I will be back to try some other menu items and desserts.The pizzsa here is sublime. Order the margherita and experience bliss. It is a little pricey for me so sadly I cannot go frequently but you are getting a high quality product for the price. I took my kids during pope week and my 12 year old boy declared it the greatest pizza he had ever eaten. Funny story, a few days later we were at Lo Spiedo eating some wings and my sond said he has not tasted food this good since we had that pizza last week. He did not know they were both Vetri places. When I told him he was not surprisedTook my parents here for a nice casual dinner in Philly. They, as well as myself, loved it. Pizza is made fresh right in front of you and it tastes that way. The pepperoni was fantastic. The prosciutto was great. And don't skip one of the fresh salads. The dressing was just the right amount. Washed this all down with a pale ale from their nice sized beer selection.I completely understand that a first night is going to be challenging, especially in light of how excited the neighborhood was for Pizzeria Vetri to open, but customer service is an area where you just can't miss. My girlfriend and I showed up Friday night, put our names in and gave our number to the host to be texted in roughly 50 minutes. No problem...unless of course that system breaks down!  I never want to be "that person" to constantly bother a host about how much longer to wait, but after 50 minutes I politely asked how much longer. We were told we were 2 down the list and it would be maybe 5 or 10 minutes longer. After 30 more minutes and noticing several people being seated that showed up well after us I once again politely asked where we stood in line. She looked at the ipad and told me, "I texted you 20 minutes ago, you never replied." We were standing at the bar about 15 feet from her for about 45 minutes of the wait and never got a text. How do you not pay attention to that detail? We were seated, but I could not get over what happened. Not only did the text message not come through, but we felt like there was no accountability and the host made it feel like it was our fault! We left before ordering because I didn't feel they deserved my money that night. I will most likely try again and from what I've seen and read, this is going to be a great addition to the neighborhood. It's just a shame that our experience was so bad after looking forward to the night so much. In my opinion, this restaurant could learn a lot about customer service by witnessing how Calaca Feliz runs their amazing restaurant.Not much to say other than its the BEST. PIZZA. YOU. WILL. EVER. HAVE. That brick oven sends it over the top! Awesome music selection too!While in town and reading all the good reviews we decided to try this place out. We stopped in around lunch time, it was not busy so we were able to sit at the pizza bar and watch them cook. Now just to forwarn anyone we are not big fans of Neapolitan pizza just because it's hard to find a place that really knows how to cook it. It's always very burned and very soft amd wet in the middle. The staff was great, very friendly and the menu had great meat and veggie options. 
Today we started with their meatball and rotolo (pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta and pistachio pesto) appetizer. The meatballs were very tender, had great flavor and the sauce had great flavor. The rotolo was a nice treat it had a crispy exterior, soft interior filled with tasty mortadella and creamy ricotta and the pistachio pesto was a nice compliment. Next we tried their shaved cauliflower salad. The greens were fresh it just a bit to tart of a dressing maybe to much vinegar. Next we tried their Tonno Pizza (Sicilian tuna, onion, mozzarella and parmigiano). The toppings were very tasty, the dough had great chew and texture and the sauce was sweet and tangy. Next we tried their Pastinaca Pizza (roasted parsnip, charred brussel sprouts, brown butter parsnip sauce, mozz, parm and lemon zest. The flavor combination was outstanding very different but a great veggie option. While the dough had great flavor and texture it was very burned and very soggy in the middle. 
I would have to say if your a fan of Neapolitan pizza this would be a great place to check out. The menu is very nice and plenty of options for everyone.Great quality apps, salads, and pizzas at a relatively affordable price. It's nice Vetri didn't raises his price point by a few dollars, something he could easily get away with. For the quality, $14 for their Margherita is well worth it. The dough is pilloughy with a slight char, the cheese and toppings are of as expected amazing quality, but for me, their sauce is hands down the best part of the pizza, and the best pizza sauce I have had in Philadelphia. Only place (for me), that comes close is In Riva, in East Falls. Additionally, they have a great rotating beer menu, prompt service, and a nice decor. I just wish they had more space as lunch can be difficult, and though not their fault, the sidewalk outside is severely sloped, making outdoor dining a bit awkward (I know, really reaching to find a negative).I wish I could give this four stars. I loved the food, the pizzas were charred and crusty, the cheese gooey and delicious, and even the tap list was half decent. The rotolo was to die for, almost too decadent. And the fried pizza dough for dessert? Da bomb. Great location, great vibe, even great option to donate to a good foundation at the end of the meal.
But the service was, in a word, indifferent. A few others: inattentive, idle, isolated.  Couldn't get the servers' attention to order more food or drinks.Might be two stars if that rotolo wasn't so darn good.
I was frustrated, but some spots have their off nights. I'll be back for a re-review in time.We'll I'm not a really big fan of fancy pizza like this. I got a pizza with no cheese and one with only cheese. I really wished I got one with both . We sat right in front of the oven watching them cook.  I don't think they enjoy people watching them, I wouldn't. Our waiter was really slow and when he  went to get a box for the rest of our pizza took forever and when we saw him he had to ask him for it. I guess he forgot about it. Then we ordered dessert which was the Nutella pizza. It tasted like Nutella and toast which wasn't very exciting but what else is there to expect. It's also supposed to have marshmallows on it but it barely had any. Overall I left unsatisfied.Good pizza, but what's with burning it all the time? It is a shame. It would taste so much better if you didn't burn it.Pizzeria Vetri was so delicious! My daughter and I have been wanting to try for a while, but since they do not take reservations and we live outside of the city it's be tough. The hostess was very nice and welcoming, as was our waitress Madalyn. She was great with any questions we had and was super friendly, even giving us a complementary dessert. The ambiance of the restaurant was pretty casual, but comforting and lively with the music and wrap around bar in front of the pizza oven.
As for our pizza order, we started off with the Melanzana pizza, which was amazing. The thin crust with tomato, eggplant, and stracciatella was a perfect combination! The pizzas are probably a little larger than your average personal pizza, but cuts into 6 slices. We could have stopped there, but we had to try another pie. We went on to have the Salsiccia pizza, which had fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato, and mozzarella. If you are looking for something other than your typical Margherita, both are sure to satisfy. 
I would definitely recommend Pizzeria Vetri!This place is alright.  They make nice fresh pizzas with some tasty toppings.  I wasn't a fan of needing to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom.  They also do shared tables inside, just an fyi.  The pizza was good, but I've had just as good pizza elsewhere.  The pizza of the day (if it was to your taste) seemed like a good deal if you needed a quick dinner. Considering the name on the door, I think I just expected a little more that would make it stand out.Wow!
We are spoiled (from NYC), and this is very good place for pizza.
Also other dishes like salads are really good.
Definitely go.Gourmet pizza, fresh ingredients, friendly polite service. Tight quarters for seating. Our second visit, and we'll be back again.Besides for the classic cheese slice at Lorenzo's, Pizzeria Vetri would probably be my go-to pizza spot in Philly. I often crave pizza and after coming here a few times, I could probably eat here once a week, it's that good (and conveniently located next to my favorite taco spot!). 
Every night of the week is pretty busy, but the later you come, the easier it would probably be to get a seat. My friends and I came most recently on a Tuesday night around 9 and sat at the pizza counter. Beware that while sitting here you see EVERY pizza being made and will probably want ever single thing you see. 
Between 4 people, we shared a cesar salad (AMAZING, but we prob should've gotten more than 1), 3 pizzas, and dessert. For the pizzas we had the Crudo, the special of the day (duck and jam), and the Salcissia. They were all delicious and unique in their own way, but I just love the Crudo so much. I'm not a huge fan of red sauce though, so maybe I'm biased. For dessert, please do not pass up the fried dough. It's served with chocolate sauce or nutella. Might as well get a soft serve too. It's all just so good!!!
Vetri never fails!If you pass this place up, your crazy! Myself, wife and 2 lil ones had a great meal tonight. The food was out of this world. We had one margarita pie, one 4 cheese, one meat slice, an order of pizza dough and Nutella, and a cappuccino. Great food, great service, and a great experience. Well done guys, we'll be back! Thank you.Well the name calls for lot of attention Vetri, one of the pioneers of Philadelphia food culture, but sorry to say that this is just like any ordinary pizza joint. Don't mistake me, the food us amazing, but then very typical of any pizza place and that's why the 3 starts, nothing extraordinary "Vetru" standard, but the I guess every restaurant by this chef cannot be a top class. This is more like for the masses, though the price is slightly on the higher side..... I would say give it a shot, just for hmmmm curiosity, or to try anything from Vetri or just to sample the new food culture. Definitely give it a try for once but then that's about it, no second or repeat chances!!!!
The Calzone is huge and to be shared, but if you are nota. Big fan of too much meat, them give it a skip and a little bland since we had ours with extra red pepper flakes and still found it not so spicy.
The pizza al taglio was the star with amazing crust n broccoli rave, once again a little bland so keep the red pepper handy.
We also tried the Rotolo - pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto, which was good but heavy on the doughy part, so not that amazing.
Like I said earlier okay for one try that is only if you have yet to come across a great pizza place and are still searching for that perfect pizza.
Regular pizza that is just slightly heavy on your wallet!!!Arugula salad was great, pizzas were ok, calzone was a big positive surprise. Ambiance is nothing special at all. Fairly expensive for what you get. Service was professional. Bottom line: Pietro's is better.No reservation nor call ahead sitting. We came here with a party of 4 for lunch on a Sunday. The hostess takes our name and cell number and texted us 20 minutes later.
We ordered Margherita pizza, Renato pizza (white pizza) and Cruto pizza.My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our early dinner at Pizzeria Vetri this past Saturday night.  We sat at the counter, watching the staff make the pizzas and chatting with the couple seated next to us.  We split the Caesar salad (perfect) while I had the "Brooklyn" cocktail and she had a beer. We then had a slice of both offerings of the daily "al taglio" and split the Salsiccia pizza (all three were delicious).  We finished with the cookie jar and soft serve ice cream with cappuccinos.  There's no doubt we'll be back multiple times.Came here early on a Friday night; it was not too crowded.  If you sit inside, the tables are communal so you may be tight on elbow room.  There are also counters.  We ordered the melanzana pizza and the italian caesar salad. The pizza was soggy. When you lifted a slice off by the crust (as you normally would when eating pizza) all the toppings slide off.  It was disappointing.  The flavors were good; but the sogginess of the pie made me wonder how come this place has gotten such rave reviews.  I looked around and the other diners appeared to have non-soggy pizza.  They were actually holding the crust and biting into the pizza, whereas we were scooping our toppings off the plate.  So perhaps it is just this style of pizza that needs help.  I don't know.  I suspect that the pizza was made beforehand; dough rolled out too thin.  The soggy part of the pizza was also cold.  I'm definitely not coming back and actually would have given this place 1 star, but the waiter was nice and when we mentioned they could improve their soggy pizza they offered us a complimentary soft serve.  That was delicious, but not enough to change my mind about coming back for the pizza.  Also, there were egg shells in our salad.  So overall I question the quality of the food here.There are really two kinds of pizza places in the United States. There are ones that are made or modeled after Italian-Americans and there are ones that are made or modeled after Italians. 
This is the latter. The kind of place where you get a pizza built like a perfume. Faint but rewarding. The antithesis of this is the barrel-chested Chicago deep dish. You might leave Vetri a little hungry (though doesn't everyone's Italian grandmother say you should always leave the table a little hungry?) but you will be satisfied. 
The beer/wine list is good, though a bit expensive (but I'm noticing that's a trend in Philly. I was spoiled by Chicago I suppose...)
I recommend finishing the meal with an affogato, the greatest of all Italian deserts. Well..maybe.So fresh and so good! Crusts are not super heavy and doughy and the dough is pretty thin on the pizza part. Would definitely come back for more. Esp to try the dessert! It's not cheap but the food is fresh and yummy. There are communal tables toothis place is great .. pizzas are very very good!   service is excellent. Michael gave us an awesome service!.!.  and the rest of the staff very friendly.I've been enjoying this pizza place since it opened but based on my recent experiences, the quality and taste has dramatically declined. Truly disappointed and being that it is so expensive, it's definitely not worth the price.My friend and I stopped by on a decent Friday night. The place was full and surprisingly our wait was only 10 minutes. Our server greeted us immediately with a smile! We started with Rotolo and Arugula Salad. Both had unique ingredients with diverse textures which worked well. Our main dish was the Melanzana pizza (our server's favorite). I really enjoyed the eggplant and the pizza as a whole! Speaking of pizza... we ended our meal with Nutella Pizza. I have had Nutella pizza before, but this one was crispy and had marshmallow fluff! We even got a complimentary bowl of ice cream! 
I must say, I do not recommend this restaurant for a first date since you will be close to your neighbors. I would come back here to try other pizzas and check out their great beer menu! Service was on point.I found the pizza dough to be chewy and lacking flavor . The pizza was average and easily forgettable. Woodburning oven pumped me up but didnt enhance the pizza .Kale Salad was lacking big time. Sounded great on the menu and didn't translate to taste at all. All you tasted was the kale and nothing else . Small offering for overpriced below average food. It's all the rave on Yelp and really wasn't worth the trip.This place was great.  We went early, and put our names in.  The restaurant is small, and seating is limited.  There are plenty of bars nearby to enjoy the wait.  The tables are mostly communal, which can be a lot of fun or...
The food was amazing, and great for sharing.  The caesar salad was very tasty.  Then we had the rotolo, which was probably a bit overhyped, but still good.  Then we ate two pizzas: the crudo and the margherita.  Both were tasty with a really amazing crust.  
Also, the beer selection was pretty good, and offered some unusual stuff.The pizza is amazing. The seating is shared so there are two large tables and you fill in as seats become available.  There is high top seating a long the walls.  Our group sat at one of the long shared tables and we were often over looked by our waitress. We had to ask for many things more than once like silverware, water, etc... When the check came that was to be split she charged one person the full bill and the other half the bill which didn't get corrected for a few days. The food is great and the pizza comes out fast. Maybe bring cash instead of cards when splitting the bill.Two words: food poisoning.
After a long day traveling to Philadelphia with little else to eat, I was excited to get some food and ordered the slice of the day, a caesar salad and a beer.
The next twelve hours were filled with gut wrenching pain as I laid on the floor of the hotel bathroom attempting to expel the vile refuse from my system.
The "cookie jar" dessert I ordered to-go still sits on the counter, untouched and mocking me. I think it's best to throw it out.
I certainly found one place I will never return to on my travels to Philly.Went here for lunch today with coworkers- the pizzas were great! Big enough to share a smaller size with two people (if you are not that hungry), but definitely not impossible to finish one on your own. We tried the Eggplant and the 4 cheese pizzas, and I would highly recommend the eggplant pizza, but I would pass on ordering the 4 cheese again, I found it quite bland. All in all would come back to try a few more pizzas, ( I have heard good things about the sausage!) or to repeat my eggplant experiences.The pizza was stellar service was equally matched I can't believe there's Pizza this good all over Philadelphia forget the cheesesteaks go get some pizza this place kicks ass Caleb behind the bar treated me very well I would recommend this place to anybody who likes Pizza and wineDelicious pizza and friendly people! Short wait time and the food is always prompt and great!5 out of 5 for the pizza, but 1 out of 5 for the service. My boyfriend and I came here early on a Friday night and ordered a margherita pizza to go. We waited for a solid 30-45 minutes before we decided to ask the hostess (who had been passing by us every few minutes or so) if our pizza would be ready soon. She responded by asking "what was your name again?" in a rather rude tone, then proceeded to grab a pizza box that was buried under quite a few other boxes behind the bar (i.e. it was sitting there for a while). She handed us our pizza and didn't even apologize!
Horrible service aside, the pizza was pretty amazing. The crust is thin like real Italian pizza and not overloaded with cheese. The sauce was excellent although I couldn't really taste the balsamic as advertised on the menu, but the flavorful basil laves made up for it. The restaurant itself is cute inside and tucked away on a side street. They offer outdoor seating, although very limited. Perhaps we'll go back and try dining in, but we probably won't be ordering a pizza to go again anytime soon.It was around 9pm and we had been walking around Philadelphia looking for a place to eat.  Nothing was hitting us and every time we got excited about a place, we discovered they were closed.  We gave up and went to pick up our car from Patriot Parking on Chancellor street.  The person who I was with said "Let's just grab a slice of pizza over there."  Pointing to Pizzeria Vetri.  Neither of us really wanted pizza but we both half-heartedly agreed and walked across the street.
A.  It was one of the few places that we went to over our 3 day stay that had air conditioning.  So, it was pretty much the only time we were comfortable during our stay (even the hotel had awful air conditioning!).
B.  The place was clean and cute.
C.  The service was excellent and REALLY nice.
D.  The pizza was out of this world.  It was blackened on the bottom just as it should be.  DELICIOUS!!  We ordered 3 different pies and there was NOTHING left when we were done.
E.  We wanted to go back the next night to try the Nutella pizza but we weren't able to get back there.
I was really impressed and wish I could find a pizza place this good on Long Island.(to the sweet tune of Sia's "Elastic Heart")
And another patron bites the crust
Oh why can I not take his 'za?
And I know that I'm still waiting for ours....
Can't face this calzone without weapons.
Sure, they're just a fork and just a knife
And I wish that one was sharper, yeah.
But another patron bites the crust
Yeah, let's be clear, I'm going in....
You can't beat this dough....
I'll eat just one more piece.....
'cuz it's got crisp crust and the perfect cheese
Though sometimes it may flop in the breeze
Toppings can weight it down, this pizza's so thin
So eat it fast and you will win
Get yourself a rotolooooo
And bask in the glory of their dough.
Bask in the glory of their dough....
Just bask in the glory of their dough.
OK, now that THAT'S out of the way: last night was my first jaunt to Pizzeria Vetri's alley location. Nestled carefully on Chancellor street, semi-stealthy that you sort of have to hunt it down, we traipsed in ready to try one of everything. Except, their were three of us. So we decided to try one of three things. 
1. Pizza al Taglio: Large, rectangular slice of the day (meat and non-meat options available).
2. Salsiccia - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, and mozzarella pizza
3. Calzone - Ricotta, prosciutto cotto, tomato sauce
The pizza al taglio that we got.... it was male. Which, in Italian, just means bad. It was admittedly later in the evening, maybe around 8-9... but this slice was dry and structurally unsound. The toppings that were advertised were present, but in lower quantities than expected AND they fell off so easily that it turned into a fork and knife job. Disappointing.
The salsiccia was not a new dish to any of us, but the pronounced fennel made it an absolute joy to devour. The crust was perfectly crispy, the sausage savory without overpowering the dish, and the fennel light and fresh. My personal favorite.
The real Cinderella story, for me, was the Calzone. Only, in this Cinderella story, she never quite makes it to the ball. She just looks fantastic getting there, and everyone still ends up pretty happy. See, the prosciutto and ricotta was tasty.... it just wasn't in every bite. Unfortunate, but the innards of a calzone are enigmatic and I can't imagine there's any way to fully control. The dish didn't come with enough sauce, though we requested more, it never made it our way. Oh well.
Otherwise, the service was impeccable. Our server, Sydney, was funny, friendly, and went with the flow (such as one of the dining party requesting "the first beer listed." and not caring what it was). She even went out of her way to hunt down the name of an artichoke liqueur we were discussing (Cynar, thanks Syd). The pizza, as per, was delish. The portions of the calzone full of meat and cheese were great. The taglio.... left much to be desired.
I love the options of sparkling water, the prices aren't cheap but aren't outrageous, and the communal tables was a fun setting. We also really dug the music all night.
We'll be back, but we'll probably stick to the classics.The vibe inside Pizzeria Vetri is nice and casual which I love. Next time I visit I would love to meet up with friends for dinner and sit at the counter.  This time, however, I can only speak to the take out.  I got take out from Pizzeria Vetri for two pizzas  - the Margherita and the Renato.  The Margherita is a classic and you can't go wrong - basil, mozzarella, and tomato Sauce.  The Renato had mozzarella, rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt.  Out of the two pizzas the Margherita was my favorite. It was so simple yet tasty and fresh.  The service was quick and friendly.
I would have to say that the location is a little odd to me.  It's behind walnut street sort of in the alley.  People that aren't locals to the area might have trouble finding it. The only reason I noticed it in the first place is that because a good friend lives in the building in front on walnut street.  Also, the pizzas are a little on the pricey side, however, I would consider them gourmet.Great beer selection! Casual atmosphere and picnic table bench style seating. We went very early for dinner so didn't have to wait for a spot at all. Not sure what the normal wait time is. 
This place can be no frills..they only have ice cream for dessert, I am vegetarian and the only non meat pizzas I could order was the margherita pizza. Luckily, it was fantastic! I think they have slices as an option but I was starving and got a small pizza that I shared with my boyfriend. He ordered a salad and tried to add chicken to which the waitress replied that they don't have chicken here. Note, I still give this place 4 stars. I think you just have to know what you are getting into. The food is quality though so we will definitely be back. 
The pizza is baked in a wood oven so the crust had that crispy taste and smell which I love.I've only been here once but it was a great experience.  Especially because I got to meet Marc Vetri!!  
My friends and I sat at the counter around the pizza ovens.  Great seats and great service.  We were able to see the kitchen in action.  The pizza was VERY good but not sure it's the best I've ever had. 
I love it's location.  Not your typical location and close to my home.
I do wish they had a full bar tho!This place opens till 1am on Friday and Saturday! Great for some late night bites and even after a drink or two early night. It wasn't busy at all when I came on a Saturday night which i was quite surprised. Hope they keep the hours extended. 
Tucked away in Rittenhouse area and across from a parking garage. There are two large tables outdoors but the view isn't so great because of the car park. But the place has a good enough reputation to be in a not so ideal location (like Elixr).
Tried the special slice of the day, the Figs which comes in Sicilian style--thick crusted. Also tried the rotolo which i'm not sure if it's a true italian food or a Vetri creation. It was very nice with generous crushed pistacchio. Can't wait to come back again.Just moved here from NYC and this wood fired pie is in that league!Thanks, Vetri clan for bringing the pizza joint to center city. I have been working my way through the menu, a different pizza each week. Sometimes with some pals, but I love that I can sit at the bar by the pizza oven, read my Inky and much on the daily Sicilian slice with the wood fired salad, or polish off most of a tonnato, or a margarita unmolested by over bearing wait staff or anything else for that matter. Is it my favorite pizza in all Philly, that prize goes to DiMeos, but is it my favorite place in CC to have some pie, chill, and be happy, you betcha!Pizza was good. Dough was a little too soft, but sauce was great! Good beer selection too. Overall, liked the vibe and family style eating.We came from out of town and were treated like old friends. So welcoming and friendly. We were blown away. The pizza was delicious and so was the gelato style soft serve. One of the most pleasant nights we've had in a long time.If you don't give this place 5 stars you don't know pizza, it's really that simple. Head chef John Sidotti is just amazing! Whether it is as simple as a margarita pizza or a pizza with braised duck this pizza is just incredible. The pizzas are thin crust and made with the freshest ingredients. We ordered two small pies and thought no way could we finish but they were so good we left nothing. And don't forget his salads, incredibly good. The food coupled with the vibe of this place makes it an absolute place to eat. And the service was just as good, our salad may have come out maybe 5 minutes after we ordered and they couldn't stop apologizing and took it off of our bill. We were like guys it's ok, really but I guess that's what makes great places great. If you are anywhere near center city philly you would be doing yourself an injustice if you do not visit Vetri.We ordered the Rittenhouse pizza, margarita, and a white pizza.  All were quite good. Our server was very sweet.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table and the service was relatively fast.  We would return.Stopped by on a late Sunday night and grabbed the last two seats at the bar.  Split the Maurizio and the Salsiccia pies - both were really tasty.  Service was great.  Would return for sure.Excellent pizza. Fun, light hearted atmosphere. We ordered the crudo and the salsiccia pizza. Both equally delicious! Love the thin crust. It's also super cool because we watched them prepare the whole thing. 
The service is great..very nice staff.Went to PV on Callowhill last year and loved it! This time not so much. Ordered sausage/fennel pizza and eggplant pizza. Both were tasty but the dough was a lot more chewy than crusty. Also the eggplant must have been pulled from the oven a lot longer than the sausage. It was actually cold. I know the oven is well over 600* so there's no reason for anything cold. Service was great as always. Hopefully it was just a one off. Oh as to the Bussiness it was 4th of July and there was only 8 people there.This place has become a go-to for me. Even though it's on a small side street across from the parking garage with no aesthetic appeal, the food rocks. The rotollo is a must for an app, and the renato (white) pizza is so delicious I never want it to end. The drinks are a bit kitschy and gimmicky (premixed cocktails in bottles) BUT that doesn't stop me from ordering them. The desserts aren't my favorite, won't lie- but that's not why you come here! Consistently delicious pizza on par with Bufad in a Rittenhouse location.. What could be better?!I've visited pizzeria vetri for a birthday dinner and on several other occasions. They do not disappoint ! I have tried their pepperoni pizza, salsiccia pizza, and several others that were had too long ago for me to remember. Their ingredients are so fresh and the crust has a perfect chewy texture. Tonight my bf and I sat at the pizza counter and it was really fun to watch the chefs put all of the different pizzas and Strombolis together. I have sampled their Caesar salad which has an odd dressing - my sister and I were not huge fans of it. Our service tonight was okay, not remarkable. But it's mostly pizza here so you cannot go wrong! I also had a glass of red wine that was on tap which I thought was really cool. Their garlic knots things are also delicious. I will definitely be back!I am giving Pizzeria Vetri 5 stars, as my sweetheart LOVED it...said it was the best pizza he had ever had.  I am not a pizza lover, so I was, not unexpectedly, underwhelmed.  We were lucky enough to be seated in front of the pizza makers and pizza oven, so we were entertained during our meal.  We also had a wood-fired salad, which was an interesting mix of yummy vegetables and pears--very unique. Lots of families and pizza lovers were dining there during Saturday lunch.I rarely do this but have to say something. I placed a VERY LARGE order at Pizzeria Vetri for a client gift, a very well known one at that here in the city. I called the day before and the nice girl on the phone told me that it was best to call in the next morning. I tried to explain that this was very timely and since it was going to be a little large, could they take it and have it prepped for the kitchen in the morning - first thing. She assured me this was not necessary. 
I followed her lead and called back the next morning - first thing - to place the order. It went fine and she assured me it would be ready as soon as we got there since we needed it to be ready to run out the door and take to our meeting. 
My colleague and I stopped in and the server told me that it was being "worked" on. I waited five more minutes and asked if everything was ok. She let me know that they put the last of it in the oven. I said that this was a problem as I was supposed to already be en route across town. When it was finally ready, it was 3 minutes before noon - when I was needing to be there. We signed our CC receipt and grabbed the many boxes. As we started towards the door a woman in a low cut tank top wandered up to us behind the bar and said "so what's going on here?" - we literally had no idea that she would be the "manager". We tried to avoid the conversation and just let her know very calmly that we were very late for a meeting after being promised our order would be ready and said we had to go but that we would not be back. She was really not able to handle a scenario like this. 
She then addresses us to let us know that "this was a restaurant" and "we cannot expect things to be ready on time (give it 15 extra minutes). I let her know that this was not what I was told and if so, I should be informed prior to it to allow for this extra "15 minutes". She told me that if we could talk to her like adults - she would listen. I felt like I was in some type of rom com or twlight zone spoof - was she kidding. We then said we were really late and that we could not believe this was her way of customer service. We were then 20 minutes late for our meeting and totally thrown off guard by the interaction we just had with such a high-profile associated restaurant - pizza place or not. 
Something like would never have happened when it was owned by Vetri and not Urban - as to be expected after such an acquisition. Not going back, enough said. 
Spend your money elsewhere - I suggest Slice.top 5 pizza in my 50 years.  perfect char crust, very good ingredients, beautiful, hot, and delicious.  had the prosciutto.Amazing pizza... Tasted like Italy 
Draft beer selection not the best...
We had the pepperoni and the prosciutto pizzas and they were amazing. Perfect thin crust with excellent ingredients...Popular local spot. The pizza is good, although horribly overpriced. I've eaten here twice now and the only exceptional pizza is the pepperoni. It is out of this world good. 
But the others are pretty mediocre. Dock Street Brewery on Baltimore Avenue in West Philly does way more interesting, inventive, delicious things with pizza than this overly trendy Center City joint. You get the feeling this place gets by on the name and location. 
Both locations in Center City are too cramped and over-crowded as well. It feels like you're eating at a cafeteria. In Fairmount, we had to sit outside at a massively slanted table and there was always a chance our food and drink was going to go falling off. None of the servers seemed to care. I'll be going here again because this place is very close to me and I enjoy the pepperoni at least, even though I have to mortgage my house to eat here. Maybe I'll do take-out next time?It pains me to write this review because I am a HUGE chef Vetri fan. 
Ok here goes : This place is just not up to snuff. 
There I said it. 
Maybe my expectations were just too high since I have been to Osteria, Amis, and alla spina but alas this did not meet any of the high standards I expect from Vetri restaurants. 
So I asked for things like can you add arugula to X-pizza? No. Can you add a fried egg? Uh- no. 
I mean I know that there are certain pizzas that have been formulated but a prosciutto pizza has had arugula and a fried egg added and with fabulous results. Where have I had this? Oh I remember  @ Osteria. But no I can't get it here- WTH? I mean I am paying for it so what does it matter if you have the ingredients? 
My prosecco was served in a wine glass. I know such a petty complaint but I don't like my prosecco in a wine glass - I like it in a flute. It just makes me happier. 
The pizza - the tomato sauce was light and flavorful. The mozzarella fresh- could have used more basil. Overall: okay. 
The server seemed uninterested - at best. There was a lot of milling around and talking among the staff/servers. I know they were slow and all - but you shouldn't neglect customers because you are refilling the water bottles. I saw a table get up and get their own utensils. I had to go and ask for our tab. Really? 
The pizza was fine but again not compares to the flavors of Osteria. I think I will stick to Osteria when I am craving a vetri pizza. That was my experience.One of the best pizzas outside of New York and New Haven. 
That's probably all I need to say. 
Super thin pie with fluffy crust is what separates this from the others. Pies come out very quickly so if you order more than one make sure they stagger the order so you can enjoy the crust while it is hot. 
If you are in Philly and looking for a pie this is your first choice!!The Rotolo ($4.5) is delicious! It was all delicious actually! We had the Margherita and the Quattro formaggi - both incredible! Very fast service and our food was brought out very quickly. Staff was friendly and it was awesome watching them make our pizza right in front of us! We just wandered in and I'm very glad we did! 
PS. The music took away from the authentic feel as it felt like a nightclub (if that's the worst thing I can say about this place, I think it should show that this place is pretty incredible)I went here last night with my partner, and it wasn't bad, but I was definitely expecting better from a Vetri restaurant.  Right off the bat, I felt like we were very rushed to order. My partner ordered the margherita, which I'd rank as a 4/5; it would've been better with smaller bits of basil, instead of 5 large pieces scattered throughout the pizza. My prosciutto crudo pizza was not good at all; soggy, in my opnion too much prosciutto, and I didn't like that the cheese (bufala?) + the proscitto, combined into making my pizza cool down very quickly.  I don't like eating cold pizza, and that's pretty much what I was eating by my second slice.
I prefer Nomad's pizza.Very disappointed in Pizza by the Slice! We stopped in for the first time on a weeknight after 9pm because the chalkboard sign at the front of the restaurant advertised pizza by the slice. What a disappointment! We ordered 3 slices of the special "Pizza by the Slice" assuming that it would be ready quickly but it took just as long as an order for a full custom pie. When the pizza arrived, it was just focaccia bread over-baked with minimal sauce and a few toppings thrown on top.  Not at all what we expected after waiting as long as we did. Meanwhile, everyone around us that ordered custom pies received thin, true italian pizza, not the focaccia crap we were eating.  And to top it off, we paid $23 for 3 slices of the over-cooked focaccia bread.  If we ever go back, we will order a custom pie. Marc - pizza by the slice is NOT your thing!The pizza here is really good, but very pricey.
Rotolo was decent. I liked the pistachio on top. It was a tad over cooked.
Salsiccia was nice. Expected it the more flavorful, but pretty standard pizza. I liked the old fennel flavor.
Crudo was the favorite. Nice balance with salty meat.
All the food came out really quickly, which was ideal because we were starving.
Service was okay. Sorta disappeared after the food arrived. Wish we could asked for red pepper flakes, but server was hard to flag down for that and the check.
Casual atmosphere. Quality pizza. Luxury pizza for sure.I came here with 2 friends on a Saturday night around 8:15pm, and we were seated at a bar right against the window. The space inside is open and modern.
We each ordered a drink or two off the drink menu; there's a pretty good selection of beer in bottles and cans. My friend and I split the Funghi Calzone (roasted mushrooms, garlic, scallions, ricotta, mozzarella, parsley) and the Quattro Formaggi Pizza (gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, fontina). Both dishes were so delicious! The dough was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside - absolutely perfect.
I can't wait to come back and try some of the other pizzas!One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.  We were out of town from Southern California and wanted to take our son out for a quick bite to eat near our air b&b.  The reviews looked promising for this establishment.  We were not disappointed.  The service, food, and wine was awesome.  I am a fan of thin crust pizza, and was not disappointed by my pepperoni and mushroom pizza.  The service was above my expectations.  They had an event that night that stopped table service 5 minutes before we arrived.  They were very accommodating to our being from out of town and sat us immediately.  If there was anything negative to say about Pizza Vetri, it would be the view.  The lot next to them was in the middle of a major construction project.  Otherwise we will be going back next time we are in Philadelphia!1. The play list came directly from the recesses of my mind. ATCQ, Wu Tang, and Mos Def in succession? Yes, only God could have thought of that. First win. 
(And then Nas came on)
2. Salads, pizza from heaven, and a great beer list. 
3. Super awesome service. 
4. Communal seating.Disaster. Dirty fridges in the front. Cash only. Greasy film ion everything including the tables. The cheese pizza with hot sauce was good.  $4 for a slice and a bottled drink is good for the area.The pizza here is super fresh and thin crust! I've had the four cheese pie, the eggplant melanzana pie, and the one on special topped with corn! All were great and the ambiance is good for a casual outing and artisan styled pizza. Good for a group of friends or family. Strongly recommend to any pizza lover!Great pizza and awesome salads  don't miss this 
Love the crust and man do they cook it fast@pizzeriavetri Chopped salad, Lost Abbey Avante Garde on draft, and the Margherita Pie with added Buffala Mozzarella.  Airy, light, flavorful, crisp, and vibrantly sweet San Marzanos hitting the palate with a fresh hint of acidity.  Excellent!
Folks here are helpful and nice.  Worth hitting for a late lunch.A casual, sit-down pizza place that's just right for a happy hour or dinner of good conversations. +1 for out-there pizza toppings that work so well together. Tuna on a pizza, how does that even work?
The "personal pizzas" are big enough to share. The staff is delightful, and the restaurant is tucked away in a quiet alley.
The sausage/fennel pizza and the corn pizza were amazing. I'll be back to try the more adventurous selections!Disappointing despite multiple visits. After eating at the Callowhill location, I was so pleased to see another great location for some amazing pizza. Unfortunately, this location is not able to deliver the quality of the original. The pizza is good, but not great and inconsistent. Some pizzas are undercooked/soggy, or half good and half soggy. The toppings are more haphazard in application. The service is also not up to par of the original, despite having fewer customers. Drinks are frequently forgotten or incorrect. Still very good pizza, but for their price go to the original Pizzeria Vetri or pay less for similar quality elsewhere.Great thin crust Neapolitan style pizza! Love that you can sit at the bar and watch the pizzas be made. It was a really cool option to see all the fresh ingredients. 
We had the pizza with mozzarella, olive oil and rosemary. It was very good. I loved the parts that were crispy and a little burnt! Our server recommending adding fresh bufalo mozzarella so we did that with half. We actually like the side better without it because we thought the bufalo mozz made that side of the pizza a bit soggy. 
We definitely want to go back to try the regular Margherita pizza and all the many options on the menu! But, friendly staff and great pizza make Pizzeria Vetri a good spot in center city!OH so good. I love their pizza. best in philly. Pretty relaxed but still hipster/trendy vibe inside. I like sitting at the pizza bar and watching the assembly line/ cozying up near the wood burning stove!Placed a takeout order online, was given a time of 20 minutes. Even called and they said about 15 minutes.  I showed up around the 20 minute mark and still waited an additional 27 minutes. 
Food was good though.We went here for dinner last night (Saturday) and sat at the bar. The bartender was very friendly, but not the most attentive. We twice had to ask for another round after waiting 5 minutes while he cleaned glassware. It wasn't that crowded. The pizza is pretty good. I don't have anything bad to say about that. But the Caesar salad we ordered was sent out with brown lettuce (see photo). It was overall just gross. And when we didn't eat it no one asked if there was anything wrong. So we paid $10 for spoiled lettuce. Their staff needs better training. I'daybe come back and just have pizza and a beer but wouldn't expect anything too over the top. I wonder if they're just leveraging the Vetri name but aren't investing in good training and quality.I ordered a take out at pizzeria vetri and they gave pizza to many guys who came after me before getting my simple pizza after a long time. The manager looking guy apologized to the guys who came after me for being late but not to me. I decided to cancel my order after waiting too long. The manager looking guy did not apologize, but told me he wanted to "discuss." I just left. Maybe because I did not look good enough for this place. Got a sad impression that they do not treat customers equally.The best pizza you ever had, however the place is so loud you can not talk to the people your with. Placed are order and when we got it it was wrong because the server could not hear up to take the order.I have enjoyed this casual pizzeria a couple of times during visits to Philly.  My most recent pie was the Crudo which is topped with prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, and parmigiano.  The beer and wine selections are always a delight to pair with the well-cooked pizza dishes.YUMMY!  I have been here a few times and have meant to post a review. This is a staple for rittenhouse area. The pizza is delicious and consistent, The rotolo is amazing, and they have a great beer selection that rotates appropriately. 
I have never made it to dessert here but have witnessed others enjoying it. 
I have had the Caesar, the shaved cauliflower, the arugula and the roasted vegetable salads and all are unique and delicious. 
I recently had an out of town visitor that commented she couldn't wait to return to Philly for the rotolo.....this place is that good...you can't stop thinking about going back. I'm glad it's "in my backyard".Came by around 5pm on a Friday night and was virtually empty. Went in with two friends and we got 3 small pizzas. Perfect. Each had 2 slices of each pizza. Let us try a variety, all were great. Music was also great, I was jammin the entire time. 5 for service 5 for food.Pretty good. Cool, clean retro environment. Pizza was good. Great? No. But beats a lot of places. The salad was pretty good. Dressing was excellent.It tastes like my favorite pizzas from NYC, or better. The soft serve Ice Cream was delicious too- brings back lots of good childhood memoriesPizza was made perfectly. I love the taste of a thin crust that is evenly cooked throughout. I also love the atmosphere and the opening in the front of the store. The staff are wonderful and the beer selections are good. My only complain is that it is pretty pricy for a pizza.I find myself coming again and again.  Hands down the best pizza this side of Napoli. I had the sausage with carmelized onions snd fennel. Outstanding. Washed it down with anorher. Also had the Margarita. Can't get enough...Nuf said.I live around the corner and was super excited to hear that Rittenhouse was getting a new thin crust joint. Not really a fan of the other place on Walnut. I'm glad to say that I've become a regular patron, I've tried a wide variety of the pizzas from the menu and they're all pretty solid. A stand out for me is the rosemary pizzas, simply a cheese pizza with a little EVO and rosemary.  I tried the pizza a taglio a couple times, it's ok, the dough was a little too much and reminded me more of a Sicilian slice then pizza a taglio.Pizza was awesome & quick.  The place is a hip, fast casual pizzeria - we didn't expect fine dining service.  Would definitely go back for the pizza!  We had the crudo & sausage pies.Good, but didn't live up to the price or the hype.  The eggplant pizza was delicious, but the standard margherita was just ok.  The crust was delicious, but sadly got a little soggy but the end of the meal.  The ceasar salad looked amazing when it came - beautiful eggs and anchovies - but then was disappointingly bland.  Nice atmosphere, quick service... but not what I was hoping (or paying) for.Most favorite and addicting pizza ever. 
Came a couple of times recently and the staff was really great! Very friendly and open/willing to explain things and help with requests and accommodations. And even when ordered more to take home after our meal they tried their best to give it with enough time to catch the train.  
Favorite is the special fig Sicilian slice that comes a couple of times in the summer. Be sure to ask for it without the speck if you don't eat pork.I've been to Pizzeria Vetri in Rittenhouse twice and have ordered take out multiple times through a 3rd party delivery service. Everything we've had is fantastic. It's pretty much the dream restaurant if you enjoy good food, don't want to burn a whole in your pocket, but also are looking to dine somewhere that provides ambiance and takes pride in the presentation and quality of your meal. They also have a fabulous happy hour, where you can eat Rotolo to your heart's content for cheap. I wouldn't do it justice to describe the Rotolo, but do yourself a favor and go try it. Oh and we tried a calzone the other night with prosciutto and ricotta, equally well executed! Service was great both times -- servers are knowledgeable of the food and beverage. Their Fairmount location is equally enjoyable.In town for work and searched around on Yelp for good pizza. Yes, that's right, pizza, not the usual cheesesteak. Didn't make to Teconellis but really glad I found this place since it's more on the Neapolitan persuasion. If you have trouble asking for directions, it's on a side street off of 16th. Look for the Fedex Office and also not far from Warwick hotel. I kinda felt like Rocky running around the streets with no help from my google maps, kept rerouting me. The restaurant is somewhat open with large shared tables, great for groups after work or just hanging out for hockey game. The pizza oven is the focal point as it should be. I also like the option of eating right by the kitchen to watch them make your pizza. I had the crudo and highly recommend it. I loved the saltiness and nuttiness from the parm coupled with the char in the dough. The buffalo moz and prosciutto gave it that full fatty flavor to round it out. Their pizza sauce is balanced and provides a good base for their wide variety of toppings. I would go with a five star except that I prefer my dough with slow slightly more air or lighter I guess. Overall, the pizza was really good, service was great, and the modern to alt music just added to the experience.We had an awesome experience at this place! We sat at the bar which they make the pizza in front of you....the ingredients were fresh &of very high quality. The location is also very interesting as it's sits mid block in an alley. I highly recommend this place for its great pizza and fantastic service.Best pizza in Philly.  Actually, best pizza on the East Coast outside of Frank Pepe's in New Haven, CT.  (note:  I've not had enough NYC offerings to fully substantiate this claim)
Got a crudo pie while dining in and it left my fingertips black from the char on the crust.  Great snap and chew to said crust.  Cheese ratio perfect.  So so good.  Ordered a large to the hotel the next day and it arrived cold (with no microwave) so I can't really evaluate that'un, but even cold (margherita) it was top-notch.  
Cannoli was outstanding too...only gripe was that it had the filling piped into the edges and then it all oozed out.  The middle of the shell was bone dry, so they obviously didn't fill it enough.  Still tasted great though.After a few co workers raved about the best pizza ever, I don't said I have to go see for myself. Honestly, I don't see the big deal for pizza that you would need to eat 3 whole ones to be filled and are burnt to a crisp.  Pricey for a mouse size pizza.Best pizza in Philly.  Thank goodness they changed the music.  Much better.
The seating is urban, Euro-style.  If you don't like sharing a table (like in a high school cafeteria), go someplace else.  That being said, you will miss A plus pizza due to your own need for personal space.  That's on you.  Seriously, this 70 year old woman gave us the stink eye for taking the middle 4 seats in a long table of 10.  
We love this pizza. We don't even need a menu.I had an extremely positive experience at Vetri Pizzeria today.  I know the pizzas are the best in Phila...that's a given...with a nane like Vetri.
I did not expect the staff to be so kind and thoughtful.
Gabriella took my order and offered to wrap it to make it convenient for me to carry and ofered to walkr it to  the corner when I told her I walk with a cane.  I was so moved by her thoughtfulness!!
The Vetri organization does it all so welll
Marc  Vetri must be a wonderful person because he has a temendous staff.Bummer!! I guess the moral of this story (or this review) is not to get delivery. Not sure if we are willing to try again but if we do we will to go in person. We have been eager to try the calzone and Margherita pie. After much anticipated wait for a delivery, opening the box was a bit of a disappointment. The calzone looked great but when we cut into it, it was like a giant ham sandwich with one little dot of ricotta cheese. Far too much ham and hardly a taste of ricotta. Most calzones I have enjoyed through my whole life havebeen just the opposite, and I kinda like it that way. There was so much ham inside that after we cut it the box filled with water. It was instantly soggy. The pizza tasted like cardboard and the cheese look like it was never melted. From what we could salvage from the calzone, the crust was good flavor but the majority of it was inedible due to the water soaking the dough. Such a sad meal in our house today.Yummmm! We ordered the margarita and the zucca (seasonal pie with squash, veggies, and walnut pesto). Although the margarita was the better between the two, the zucca was unique, something different from the usual specialty combos. And it's only here for the season, so why not? Splitting 2 small pies between the three of us was perfect. Lots of bigs tables so it's a great place for group dinners and the service was very friendly. You also get a free rotolo for signing up to their mailing list online!Very very comparable to true Italian pizza. The fewer the ingredients, the better. It allowed me to taste how great and well made the dough was and really amplified each individual flavor on the pizza that much more. The prosciutto pizza was hands down the crowd favorite, and even my food critical dad enjoyed every last bite (That's a huge feat to overcome). We're always looking for a pizza place that's comparable to Italian pizza and I think we may have just found the one.First time at this location and I love it. It's very laid back in terms of the atmosphere with plenty of seating. 
For two, we ordered a Rotolo and the Salsiccia (fennel sausage pizza). The Rotolo was very flavorful and I loved the crunch the pistachios brought to the dish! My friend thought that the dish was a bit salty due to the amount of ham in it. The pizza was delicious! The fennel brought an slightly sweet/earthy refreshing taste to the pizza. The crust was thin and crunch and all the ingredient tasted very fresh!
Definitely recommend and I plan to be back to try their other pizzas!This place is wild, because when I think Vetri, I usually think something more fine dining oriented. The pizza here is great, crust that is just the right amount of crispy, well thought out toppings, and great cheeses. May not be a great place for vegetarian pizza, just because most of the specialty pizzas seem to be meat oriented.
I wasn't thrilled with the rotolo, personally, just because the pistachios seemed to go everywhere, and it was a texture that for me personally didn't seem to go with the bread. Maybe they were having an off night with them, but I haven't tried them since.
My one piece of advice would be to go on a crowded and busy night. It might seem strange, but their pizzas are out very quickly. I noticed the second time we went (on a slower night) that the crust didn't seem as crispy as the first night. I'm thinking they might run their oven a little hotter on busy nights to keep things moving even quicker, and I honestly thought that pizza was a bit better. Also really liked the atmosphere, and despite the restaurant seeming very crowded, we were seated very quickly!Location is less than ideal, the other location is so much better.  You can't go wrong with any of their pies.  We particularly love the margherita with extra cheese and malazano.  Also, the taglio slice is definitely worth trying as is their unique and delicious soft serve!The pizzas are nicely done and have great toppings.  Calzones are a bit "bready".My friend lives in the icon building connected to this place. We were very excited to hear a pizza shop was opening up literally right outside of his building.. the problem is that the pizza is not good. Service is good, beer is good, but the pizza is mediocre at best. Ive had brick oven pizza done the right way, so its not just the style.. its the fact that every pizza i've ever had here is doughy and undercooked (charred around the edges but white doughey in the center). The best pizza they have is the nutella desert one.. the rest is overpriced and a generic example of the kind of places that pop up in rittenhouse square all too frequently. I would much rather go to slice on sansom for a pie nearby. This plays tries to be so gourmet that their pizza is trash.I FINALLY visited pizza Vetri on New Years Day. I live nearby, and have been wanting to try it for a while. I was very happy, and so were my tastebuds!  
Its small, so you walk in and there's likely a wait, but the servers are soooo friendly and everyone kept us informed where we'd be sitting, and how long the wait would be. Great communication! We only waited maybe 5-10 minutes, awesome! 
I had the beet & goat cheese slice special, which was sooo damn good I didn't want to share it with my friends! It was on a special square-type bread, not normal pizza crust, which was even better! I also had the Rotolo, which is only $4.50 for a delicious taste of dough, cheese, and pistacchio pesto all rolled up together in a ball. Delicious! 
My friends ordered a large pepporoni pizza, which isn't my pizza of choice, but they seemed to scarf it down. Also a small Marinara pizza which looked and smelled amazing. 
I'll come back! The food and service was excellent. The prices for single-serve items were good, but I thought the pizza prices were a bit steep. But overall, I reeeeeaaaaally like this place!Very disappointing. The heirloom salad that was on the Specials list was a bit of arugula, a few chunks of cheese with mostly grape tomatoes. When I questioned the hostess about it she said they're heirloom cherry tomatoes. Sure, maybe one or two halved but the rest were grape tomatoes by their shape. Pizza was fine, service acceptable at best. And please put some pads on the bottom of chair legs, it sounds like a high school cafeteria every time one is moved. Won't go back, poor value for the cost.Trust me on the following: Crudo Pizza and the Wasserbombe Hefeweizen. Thank me later. We waited 45 mins to be seated, mainly because we were a party of 5. The server was great...super nice. We shared the Rittenhouse pizza and the Margarita along with the Crudo. All of them were great but the Crudo was exceptional. It's the perfect balance of prosciutto and two cheeses. We didn't order dessert but the table next to us did and it looked incredible. They had the Nutella pizza. I HIGHLY recommend the place!Went there to end the night. Staff was pleasant and the Pizza (fennel sausage) was pretty good. I loved the blistered almost burn crust the best. As for the pizza toppings,  it was missing a little flavor. I also like the fact that I was able to get a few bottles of beer to take with me back to the hotel.Exceptional Italian style pizza. Had the Italian sausage with prosciutto added. Very good, would recommend!Such a good experience at Pizzeria Vetri. Two of us split a small crudo pizza and butternut squash salad. Both delicious and it was plenty of food. We also ended the night with Affogato (sweet cream soft serve with espresso poured over it). Delicious!Came here on a Saturday evening for a quick bite with a friend. We sat at the bar by the pizza oven. It wasn't the most spacious bar but watching them put together he pizzas was fun. We got pepperoni and four cheese pizzas. So. Good. The four cheese pizza is incredibly cheesey and rich, really decadent. 
Our server was lovely and the beer selection is great!