I really wanted to love this place - the food is right up my alley. The restaurant inside is great. Totally an escape from downtown's hustle and bustle, and it does deliver on its low-key, relaxed Hawaiian vibe. I ordered their signature Shoyu Ahi Poke bowl, regular size. The reason for 3 stars is the size was fairly offensive. All in for $15 with a $1 tip, you've got to deliver something more than 2 cups of unseasoned white rice with low-level sushi grade Ahi tuna. I've made a good amount of poke at home, and it's at or exceeds this level. I'm not saying this was bad - it was plenty tasty - but for the price, you either need to double the amount of tuna or make it really pop.
I will definitely go back because there are plenty of other items I'd like to try on the menu, but I'll stay clear of the poke for now!This place is cute and people are very nice. BUT the food was sooooo average, and I feel like this place is definitely overrated, maybe I was expecting too much given such a high rating. The first thing I tried was the fried chicken lunch plate, basic fried chicken cubes with some plain seasoning, mac-n-cheese, scopes of regular rice, and pickled veggies. Yes, it's cute. But I was expecting much much more complex tastes for a $10+ plate lunch. Nothing more than average "food truck" level.
Even though I was not very satisfied with my first experience, I gave it another try with the shoyu poke bowl and Loco moco. The poke bowl was again way too simple, not worth the price, with white rice and shoyu tuna on top, which tasted very plain in general. Loco Moco looked great, but was too salty and I couldn't really finish it. In general, I don't think this place deserves such a high rating at all.Love it! It is a great find in the city, the staff is always great! I love walking into a place where everyone is just smiling. I wish it was bigger, but it is just the start!FYI: Depending on what you get, portion sizes vary GREATLY. This isn't really a place to go to get full. It puts you right at content.
I have this friend who's from Hawaii and LOVES to talk about the food he eats when he goes back home. When he discovered the Poi Dog lunch truck, he went crazy over it. So apparently, this place is Hawaiian approved.
WHAT WE GOT: Spicy ahi tuna poke bowl, loco moco, and a spam musubi
PROS: HOLY CRAP THE FOOD IS AWESOME. That loco moco will appear tonight in my dreams. Like you can't go wrong with fried eggs, a brisket patty, and gravy that tastes so good, I wanna bottle it up and put it on everything I eat. ALL OVER RICE. YES. the flavors explode in your mouth and makes it so addicting. The spicy ahi tuna bowl was also fire. The tuna literally melted in my mouth and the quality was too notch. The spicy mayo paired with it have it a nice creaminess that was nothing short of amazing.
CONS: Okay so as good of a place this is, there were a couple flaws. First of all, if you get anything but a poke bowl, expect a longish wait time. But I mean it was well worth the wait. Certain items on their menu are also on the overpriced end for the amount you get but the quality of the food makes up for it. The spicy tuna poke bowl also wasn't all that spicy. I didn't really feel any sort of heat from the spicy mayo but I mean....it still tasted good.I had wanted to come to Poi Dog for a while because I'm a huge fan of Hawaiian food and have seen it featured on multiple websites and social media platforms. A couple weeks before visiting the actual brick and mortar restaurant, I actually tried some of their food at an event they catered. To be honest, I was not too impressed by their catered food. It was mostly noodle and rice-based dishes and were fine but nothing very unusual or memorable. However, I tried their pineapple bibingka, which was incredible. It's slightly chewy from mochi flour and a little bit creamy and oily. 
I definitely enjoyed my visit to the actual snack shop. First, the cashiers and everyone working at the restaurant were so generous and welcoming. One of the founders of the restaurant was actually there also. The shop has a cute feel with a pink neon "Aloha" sign even though it's pretty small and doesn't have a lot of seating. 
Moving on to the food. My friend ordered the Adobo Pork Belly Plate, which she really really enjoyed. I tried the pork belly which was super tender and just the right amount of fat. I didn't try the other portions of the plate, but my friend really loved the mac salad and rice that came with the plate. 
I ordered the normal-sized Shoyu Ahi Poke, which was incredible. I love poke and this was one of the best poke bowls I've had. The shoyu was just the right amount of saltiness and the ahi tasted so fresh. The fish pieces were a substantial size and had a really good bite to it. It was even better paired with the white rice which was incredibly fluffy and slightly chewy. I would definitely order this again! 
Overall, I would for sure come back and I think my friend would agree. We want to come back next time and hopefully grab dessert! Poi Dog is definitely worth a visit!They were my favorite food truck and I was sorry to see that go, but the new spot has the same wonderful food. I usually get the pork platter and it is always delicious. The young lady who runs the restaurant is charming and I wish her all the luck.Overall decent. I would have liked a little bit more that comes with the poke bowl. It's just poke, but I think for something that costs more than $10, it needs to have some sort of side dish. It should have more variety. The poke was fine, but I probably won't come back because of the price and the fact that it was just fish + rice and nothing else.Food tasted great, but the portion size for the price was a little much. We're from jersey visiting philly and my wife found this place online, looked like a good place to eat. Where can you go wrong with flip food lol. They americanized the food here a bit, not the typical greasy food that you would expect from a flip home. Small place, you can probably cram 20 people in there. The staff here are cool, I would recommend this place, to at least try it once.Kalua pork taco was good, could have used a little more flavor
Tofu poke was served cold, nice sesame flavor but should have been served warmI never review anything. Even when it sucks. This place right here is by far one of my favorites in a city full of food. When out of towners come to my city. There are 3 places I will take them to and poi dog is at the top of that list. The Mochi Nori Fried Chicken is a taste I bet you aren't ready for. From the food truck to the shop. Keep it up guys!!!!The portion does not justify their pricing. Seriously 3$ for spam and rice?! Food is good but need to give more foodFirst off, we definitely had a very delicious dinner here. We ordered the loco moco and the adobo fried chicken. I'm not sure if the adobo fried chicken was a special for the day because it looked like it was added to the menu and it wasn't a usual item. But regardless, it was delicious. It came with a side of macaroni salad, atchara (pickled papaya salad), two pieces of chicken, and two scoops of rice with brown gravy on top. Coming from a Filipino background I found that the chicken to be up to par with the adobo flavor. It was moist and tender on the inside while having a great fried outer coating that was just as tasty. The loco moco was also good and a perfect comforting meal, as it should be. Though the price was high, (I paid a total of about $28) I thought it was worth it for the delicious meal, especially since there isn't much Filipino or islander food in Philly. Would definitely come back and try the other things on the menu!Was in Philly for the weekend and had lunch at Poi Dog while at an art fair.  Food was delicious, especially enjoyed the Mochi Nori fried chicken and the spam musubi.  Haven't had spam since I was a child, and it was surprisingly good with rice and seaweed wrap!  Porkbelly tacos were also great.  For desert, I had a chocolate chip cookie that was very tasty: crunchy, crispy, and slightly salty.  Definitely worth going back!!!Unique fun and yummy! My partner who lived in Hawaii was so excited to find this place. He said its authentic.Super tasty, super cramped inside but it's ok. The poke was on point. From what I'm told the pork and cabbage was good. We got donuts too, they were really good. And the spam sushi thing was also good (so he said). Glad we stopped by.Amazing! The Pork Belly Adobo is so gooood. First time trying Hawaiian food and it's kind of like my Spanish food from back home in DR.The best local grinds right here in Philadelphia. Kama'aina living in PHL are super fortunate to have Poi Dog to satisfy our cravings for delicious Hawaiian food. Kiki & Chris have created an amazingly ONOlicious Hawaiian food business. I recently ordered a catering pan of Pancit for a birthday party. It was better than expected.Been following this place on Instagram for quite awhile and finally made it there to try it out. The first 2 times we made the trip over to Poi Dog, over half of the menu was sold out. The 3rd time, they finally had some options. The poke looked amazing (and was sold out the other 2 times) so my husband and I ordered one of each. Unfortunately, we were painfully disappointed. 
Both were disgustingly salty. Each bite had a crunch of salt crystals. Any other flavor was completely masked by salt. On top of that, at $12 each, the portions were way too small. After months of anticipation of trying this place, I'm pretty heartbroken and confused as to why the reviews are so good.
The other food looks really good and I'd like to give it one more try. But if you want poke, just walk around the corner and go to Hai Street. ‍3.5 tasty as hell, but took forever. One of the best trucks at the night market thoBrought the family here as we were missing some of the great food we had eaten in Hawaii. It's on the pricier side, but where else can you get this food?!  The food is really delicious. We had the poke, Kahlua pork, rib, and nori fried chicken. Friendly staff, laid back vibe. Have to try the loco moco, musubi, and mochi next time. Definitely check this place out.I went to Hawaii a few years ago for the shooting of pirates of the Caribbean  and I felt at home.  The locals quickly welcomed me with amazing hospitality and food.  I loved the local food there and that's all I ate for my entire visit. When I came home, I tried to recreate spam musubi and completely failed. There was no Hawaiian cruise anywhere around me. One day at Temple University, I walked out of my building with my friend looking for a hot dog truck. She saw the word dog and assumed it was a hot dog truck. Imagine our surprise when we noticed it was a Hawaiian food truck. I was ecstatic! I bought two spam musubi and fell in love. Everything is great. Who would've thought macaroni salad would go so well with pork?! Every time I was at school, I kept my eyes out for this truck. Every time it was in he area, I made sure my belly was filled with Hawaiian food. My only problem with it is that sometimes the wait is so long, but who could blame them? Tiny truck but so popular. I hope they'll be there next semester, I'm already craving for some during finals week.First time here and it was amazing. I had spam musubi, poki, and their loco moco. Portion size was good and prices were fine, parking in the area is terrible. Had to park in a lot behind the restaurant. Staff is very friendly and welcoming.I am glad this small restaurant opened in our neighborhood. We visited Hawaii 3 years ago and cannot forget the local filipino style Hawaiian food we had at Maui. Today I found the same flavor at this hole in the wall. I am trilled. 
We had the KALUA PIG AND CABBAGE today. The flavor is rich. Since the pork and cabbage is a salty dish, It will be perfect if they can give the rice in a bigger portion. ;)Pricey food for the quantity and taste. The pork and cabbage had a weird bitter after taste that just lingers. Macaroni salad was very basic , nothing special at all. The fried chicken was just ok too. 
The bibingka with guava sauce tops my list on things I wish I NEVER tried, very NOT edible . Texture was weird and it was all sugar.  I threw the bibingka out, I just couldn't do it. 
Also I tried ordering a musubi spam on rice but they ran out of spam and were in the process of cooking a new batch in their oven. I have no idea how a Hawaiian place can not have spam available but then didn't. Poor execution of prob one of the most sought after items.Where can you find unique, delicious Hawaiian food in Philly. Who would have thought? Worth the trip!!A real feel-good joint in Philly. As you walk in, you instantly feel relaxed thanks to a very brightly decorated dining room. The menu was handwritten and there was an open kitchen. The table set ups were also very unique, with totem poles and used spam cans utilized as chopsticks holders.
Service was really friendly and helpful as it was our first time here. We decided on spam musubi, pork belly adobo, moco loco and a combo platter of Nori chicken and Kailua pig. Pork belly adobo was easily my favorite. The meat was so tender it melted in your mouth. The seasoning was also just right. I truly like the pickles that came with the dish as well. 
The moco loco was good but extremely heavy with the gravy over rice and runny eggs over fried burger patties. A fulfilling meal that I don't recommend getting if you're going to try other foods. The nori chicken was a fun bite, although the unique sauce was what made it, the chicken themselves were just basically chicken nuggets. I did like the kailua pig with cabbage, a bit light at first but it grew on me.
We also had dessert in the form of bibingka, a cross of Filipino and Hawaiian butter mochi coconut rice cake. The cake was definitely unique, while definitely not a mochi, it does have a chewy texture. The guava caramel added an exotic layer of flavor over the cake. Overall, a rather solid spot, very much recommended.Closet thing I can get to Filipino food in the city. The ube bibinka and ube fried wontons are so good!! You can find them at most of the street festivals around the city.I am not really a fan of this restaurant. Had the tofu poke bowl and the portion is very small. Also the price is high for the portion. The food was below average in taste. I won't come here again.Came here on a Friday night looking for something fast but not too unhealthy. I came across Poi Dog as an option and decided to check it out. The aesthetics on the inside of the place are really neat, definitely gives you the tropical vibe. I will say that not many people eat in here, it's mostly a take out option. I ended up getting the loco Moco. The wait wasn't too long for the food, and it was totally worth it. The egg with the gravy and meat was so satisfying. It's somewhat unhealthy but you also don't feel too bad about eating it. Once you start you really can't stop until you're bursting at the buttons! The seasoning on the rice was also really great, gave the rice a lot more character. It was a very homemade taste that I really appreciated from a take out place. The loco Moco had a good balance of savory and texture in the bowl. Would recommend coming back for more! Haven't even tried their adobo yet!!I walk almost 10 blocks to an amazing hole in the wall sushi restaurant around the corner from Poi Dog's place on a weekly basis.  But today,  I made the mistake,  and actually decided to try a poke dish at Poi Dog snack shop.  The guy who took my order was very helpful, leading me to believe the food was delicious, and suggested the SHOYU AHI POKE BOWL (tuna, macadamia, shoyu, sesame, sweet onion) because it had more texture with the macadamia nuts. 
Before I go into the negatives,  I should mention that I know my raw dishes,  and have eaten at some of the best, most expensive, and least expensive sushi and poke restaurants in the country. ie. Hawaii,  California, Philadelphia,  New York city, etc. I could eat sushi,  sashimi,  and seared  tuna steak every day if my wife let me!
With that being said, I am extremely disappointed with the ahi poke bowl I wasted $11 on. I didn't go back,  because I was already 10 blocks away,  back at work when I took my first bite. That first bite left me with mixed feelings. It was both delicious, and terrible!  I couldn't tell if the macadamia nuts were hard,  or if the rice was undercooked.  
A few more bites and i still couldn't tell why my stomach was telling me to stop eating. Stupidly I kept eating the ahi tuna, macadamia nuts, shoyu, sesame seed, and sweet onion combination,  thinking it tastes very fresh. However,  every time i tried mixing the rice with it, the dish became disgusting. I continued, thinking maybe the top layer of rice got a bit hard after my 10 block  walk back to work. Unfortunately,  that was not the case...
Throughout the meal, the rice kept getting worse and worse! It was dry and crunchy with some bites,  then soft and moist with other bites! I even tried mixing it together with the ahi mixture.  That was my biggest mistake! Not only did it completely ruin the dish,  it actually made me sick to my stomach! This is a terrible thing to say,  but I've actually eaten sushi from walgreens, and it was better than this meal!  
Anyway,  I ended up throwing the rest of my meal out, and immediately threw up, fearing the fish may be bad as well.  Although it didn't taste or smell fishy, I didn't want to take the chance of food poisoning. If you can't cook rice,  how do I know you can prepare raw fish properly! 
Now My day feels as if a emptiness is looming.   All because I was so excited over my weekly raw fish fix. with the little time I had after walking 20 blocks for food,  then throwing it up, i finally had to get street meat from the local food truck just to eat.  If you're wondering what "street meat" is, its what i call meat products that you don't know,  or care where it came from,  because it tastes darn good! We've all had that greasy late night street vendor food after several drinks, and its so satisfying! But is not sushi! 
In the end, I have no desire to confront Poi Dog snack shop or ask for a refund. I only want to warn others about my experience so they don't get sick as well. I will also just walk on by tomorrow, carrying my always prefect sushi platter, since I still want my sushi fix! 20 blocks round trip is worth it,  but not for a terrible lunch... or  throwing that lunch up!so glad i tried this place out. it's just starting out but i think with time it'll be even better. it's another level of comfort food for me and i'm sure for others as well.
spam musabi: good grilled spam but i wish it was cheaper and smaller. it's hard to eat and falls apart as your'e eating it. 
fried chicken adobo: these were very interesting, i love the sauce that's drizzled on top of the chicken nicely fried but i wish there was more radish on the dish. it's very heavy with white rice, pasta salad and the fried chicken. 
portobello brisket bowl: THIS is what you need to get when you come here. the brisket is scrumptious, it literally tasted like shredded butter meat, with the portobellos was even better. the eggs and rice were well cooked as well.
i hope to come back soon and try the other dishes!The food truck is great because of the shoyu hot dog. I can't believe they left it off the menu at the brick and mortar. 
I would love to give more stars if the spicy tuna poke bowl made up for it but it was lacking in flavor and portion size.I was excited when the Poi Dog cart opened. Its a tiny, roaming cart, bringing big Hawiaan plates to Philly.
Tacos and smaller wrapped snacked are available, but for the most serious lunch option, the 2 meat plate lunch option is it. I picked the pork and the chicken. Plate lunches come with rice (white or brown) and a macaroni salad that is kind of negligible, which according to my Hawaiian, is very authentic.
The kalua pork, with its bits of cabbage, was smokey as promised, and shredded nicely without being overcooked and mushy. It could have used a little more salt, spice, or acid.
But this haole really enjoyed the fried chicken. Small pieces were breaded, karage style, except with seaweed in the batter. It was crispy and unexpected and the chicken inside was tender.
The two portions of meat along with the 2 scoops of rice that come with the plate will surely give you enough energy for a powerful haka session.
For dessert, I enjoyed a pair of coconut mochi, just barely sweet and pleasantly squishy.Refreshing change to the normal pizza shops and asian restaurants that you commonly find in the area.By far my favorite food truck at Temple.
I've eaten here numerous times. They operate an odd schedule, moving to different locations out the city. I haven't pinned down exactly which days they're on campus, but I crack a huge smile every time I see their little cart.
I've never had a bad meal at Poi Dog. The tacos are superb, katsu chicken quite tasty, and even the spam musabi, which I was very hesitant about, was a wonderful surprise. The mochi nori chicken is among the best meals that I've ever had from a food truck. It's crunchy and sweet with nuanced spices that I've yet to pin down.
Kiki and Chris, the owners of Poi Dog, are both very pleasant and I enjoy making small talk with them when they aren't too busy. The only reason I hesitate giving this 5 stars is because I feel the food is a tad too pricy for college students. That said, I'm often more than happy to splurge.i created the business page for poi dog after passing by it one evening and and searching for it on yelp with no success. it's right in my back yard, so when i saw a new place had opened up i was super excited for some variety to come into the neighborhood. unfortunately, i was painfully disappointed when i arrived for my first meal here. I ordered the spicy ahi poke bowl and was overall just unimpressed. the actual fish was decent quality, but the dressing was average at best and i just could NOT get over the rice! for a $12 bowl of plain white rice with some toppings, i expect quite a lot, and the whole thing really just fell flat for me. the rice was stale, dry, flavorless, and quite frankly, tasted as if it was day-old and had been sitting out. perhaps it's because i'm comparing it to the poke bowls i've had in new york, which are often more like salads with fresh ingredients, but regardless i'm genuinely sad i wasnt a fan.They barely give you 15 small pieces of fish with a poke bowl which has no flavor. Asked them if there was something wrong as I had gotten the poke bowl before and there was a lot more fish, and they rudely turned me away. I would stay away from the poke bowls here and order more of the traditional bowlsI came here for lunch with a co-worker on a Thursday afternoon.  The space is small with only a few tables and a counter for patrons to sit in.  The decor is really cute with some Hawaiian/Asian fusion.  I had the spicy ahi tuna poke bowl and it was delicious.  The tuna was super fresh.  I got the regular size but you can definitely get away with the mini.  I will definitely be coming back here on my lunch hours.I've been here a few times, and everything I've tried has been delicious. The spicy ahi tuna poke bowl and the shoyu tofu poke bowl are my favorites, but the beef brisket and fried chicken are also very good. Their fish and meats are always flavorful and fresh, and the sauce on the ahi tuna bowl is especially good. It's the perfect blend of spicy and sweet. 
Like others have mentioned, though, it is a little pricey for the portion size. It doesn't really bother me that the bowls/plates are a small size, but I was a little miffed that probably 60-70% of my poke bowls are just rice. I get that they might not want to dole out huge portions of fish, but what about some cucumber or avocado? Some more variety of ingredients in each dish could be nice. 
The food is indeed good and the service is friendly, so I will definitely be back. They also opened very recently, so I have faith that they'll work out the kinks and improve the menu!Omg!!!  A must go!!!   I know I complain a lot - love this place.  Great food.  Great people.  I took my parents who had never had Hawaiian.  Did a little table buffet.  Cleared table.  Awesome place.  Can't wait to come back!!My family is from Hawaii and I grew up surrounded by and eating this food. I had the Mochi Nori Fried Chicken plate lunch and it was delicious, it was just like something my Auntie would make. The haupia was also very good and had the perfect texture. I also really appreciated the use of pidgin on the menus and throughout the restaurant, it lends a very authentic air to the place and reminded me of my family. You should definitely go for the food but also to sit and listen to some really great Hawaiian music.I had the spam nori roll did not care for it at all! Perhaps I'm not a span fan seems like it needed to be at least seared. But those little dessert cakes with the sesame seeds were great I would chase after the truck just for those alone!YOU'RE WELCOME!
That's the song that was playing (from the Moana soundtrack) in the restaurant when my dining companion and I were taking our first bites...so needless to say it all started off in a fantastic way.
We were "those people" and came in about 30 minutes before closing time but the staff was fantastic and friendly. 
Food was prepared fresh, the fried chicken was crunchy, hot and juicy! Pork belly was so tender, wasn't greasy as it can be sometimes and had a great crust. Pork and cabbage was good, would've loved a little more pork and less cabbage.
Rice was a tad on the dry side but the mac salad was classic.
They had "chili water" as the spice condiment which was odd, not really spicy but did a good job adding a little moisture to the rice. Would've loved some sriracha or something.
Decor was adorable and this meal/soundtrack made me feel like I went from a hangry Te ka to a happy te fiti (I AM MOANA)!There is nothing I love more that exploring new flavors, new foods, new spectrums of cuisine.  There's nothing that stokes my culinary fire more, so when I saw this Hawaiian street food truck and stood adjacent to a Hawaiian native who couldn't wait to get her hands on their foodstuff, I didn't hesitate.
Mochi Nori Fried Chicken and the Kalua Pork tacos were up for the taking. Delish. Both filled with some familiar and new - and hints of citrus-y brightness.  I gobbled them right up. 
Wish this truck made the rotation in Love Park - more Love Park trucks!Went here for lunch and the service was fast and convenient. I got one of the tuna poke bowls. It was a bit small for $12, but the ingredients were incredibly fresh and the flavor was outstanding. Still a bit pricey, but I would come here again as a treat to myself. Definitely couldn't justify the price on a regular basis. I also got the butter mochi to try and they were very interesting.As someone who is from Oahu, Hawaii... I was so happy to find this truck :) I definitely visit them when I am craving some kalua pig or some hawaiian sun juice when I feel a little homesick. Their tacos are pretty good, and their katsu curry and kalua pig plate as well. The only thing I wouldn't really recommend is the spam musubi.. to me, they were a little small for the price.Had the Mochi Nori Fried Chicken Plate. Chicken was okay, but too reliant on the mayo for flavor. Mac salad had so much mayo that it was practically inedible. The cabbage might have balanced the mayo-heaviness, but I only got a tiny amount of it. Meal got me full, but feeling pretty gross. Also, the price point of the tacos is all wrong - $7.50 for 2 tacos? It's not enough food to be full, but adding something else and paying $10 for a food truck lunch just feels wrong.They accidentally gave me an extra laulau plate for free but oh wells, foods were good but way overpriced for the amount of food it came on each plates, makes me miss Hawaii so much where plate lunches and musubis are so cheap!Just for people wondering, the brick and mortar store is 21st and chestnut. 
Okay, so being from California, I have always told my friends the one thing we need in Philly is some Hawaiin food. The gods answered my prayers with Poi Dog. 
The poke was really awesome. It's a bit expensive but it was near perfect. Broke da mouth good. 
If you want some hawaain food, look no further.They are amazing! They really being Hawaii to Philly, which I am so grateful for since That flight is crazy expensive.  Very friendly staff and they have all the staples.  Spam musubi is always exactly what it should be and they even have chili mango! Live it here.  Thanks guys!One of my favorite places in the city. Really unique food. A little expensive, but the portions are bug enough to make up for it.Food was really great and fresh even though we went 30 minutes before closing. Staff was friendly and helpful. Service was quick. Would recommend this place as quick comfort food. Pulled pork was great, as well as the fried chicken. One of the specials was boiled peanuts and it was a nice twist on the standard boiled peanut. Making this a regular go-to for us.I've been here a handful of times and love the mochi nori platter. It's a plate of fried chicken nuggets with rice and pasta salad. Yum! My favorite.
I've also had the pork belly adobo - so rich and fatty that I have to share, but so good! Also, I tried the shoyu ahi poke bowl and spam musubi (always a winner).
Service is pleasant and helpful with any questions. Atmosphere is very casual and clean.Amazing service. Very friendly staff including the chef who explained the dish really well. The poke is authentic. The fish is marinated. Ahi shoyu is really good. The dessert is great too.I was really excited to try this place. I was completely underwhelmed. I asked the cashier for recommendations and she asked if I was hungry or really hungry. I said really hungry. She recommended the Shoyu ahi tuna bowl. Who would recommend such a tiny portion for someone who is "really hungry"?????? I was shocked when I saw my portion. I paid $13 for a tiny bowl of almost inedible salty rice and tuna. I won't be returning.Food was just fine. There is nothing too special and it is not as bad either. I have been there twice and i like Mochi Nori Fried Chicken better than the Kalua Pig and Cabbage (which is a bit salty) and Pork Belly Adobo (which is a bit oily). But i must say, the desserts are pretty good. All of it. It is close to the original Filipino desserts. I understand the meals are fusion of Fil and Hawaiian. The business has potential and I know they can be better. Still, this is a good lunch stop if you want to try something new :)Awesome experience, reminded me of the Islands. Food wasn't the best I have had but it met all my expectations for the price!Poi Dog is an awesome spot for a very fresh lunch. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The ahi tuna poke bowl is amazing. Definitely check out the desserts!!I haven't tried everything from their menu, but there hasn't been a thing I haven't like yet.  They have a wide range of food as part of their menu.  It's not just a snack shop.  Certain orders can be meals by themselves.  And they also have these yummy desserts!  
I love their spam musubi - the regular, super, and katsu.  The spam by itself is salty, but having it with the rice just balance it out perfectly.  The mochi nori fried chicken? A meal in itself and totally worth the $8. Perfectly spiced fried chicken bits, two scoopfuls of rice, delicious mac salad, and this wonderful sauce drizzled on.  Their various butter mochi - I've only had the chocolate and coconut ones so far - has a good balance on sweetness and chocolate/coconut.  The fried donuts (without the holes, and more ball-shaped) also have a hint of saltiness.  
Also, their congee (rice porridge) and peppermint hot chocolate w/ marshmallows are perfect to warm you up this winter season.  They won't be around this coming January, but catch them at The Porch this February!Meh. This is not like what you can get in Hawaii.
It was okay. Very limited options. Average on taste.
I would not get it again.I kind of don't get this place. They are good, but not great. For example, I tried the short rib. It came with nothing and was just a big hunk of meat in a box. Not cut into pieces. No sides. The lunch platters are OK but I find the options underwhelming. The pork with cabbage is probably the best but it is always a little greasy and low on flavor. The fried chicken poppers are boring. Their best thing, by far, is their mac salad. If I go, I usually just order that. Fine place to go once in a while but disappointing overall.Really wanted to like this place but maybe I just ordered the wrong things. 
Came for lunch on a Sunday. Cashier was super nice. Nicely lit, easy to navigate menu with lots of options. 
I got the abodo pork belly lunch plate which comes with mac salad, slaw, and 4 generous pieces of pork belly. Pork belly was cooked well. Unfortunately the Mac Salad was very heavy on the Mayo and that combined with all of the fat on the pork belly made the meal very heavy and I actually couldn't finish it and felt a little off by the end. The slaw and chili sauce combined with the pork belly and rice was nice however. 
Split spam Masubi (Rice, seaweed, and spam) with my friend and that was delicious. Not overly salty at all. 
My friend got a ahi tuna poke bowl, which seemed overpriced for the size, but he really liked. 
I would come back and probably try some different things on the menu like the poke bowl or deserts. Also, I think if you're coming for a meal, it probably deserves two dollar signs and not one.Love this place. Food was delicious and the staff was great. There is actually a considerable about of seating compared to other shops that size on that block.For $3 I had a veggie dog that was SO SO delicious at the Pop Up Garden next to the Jamaican Jerk Hut yesterday.  It was cooked well, on a fresh toasted bun, with toppings that just blew my mind.  I see this cart everywhere, and I've always been skeptical as a vegetarian, but man... the future looks bright.The shop is right next to Tampopo (21st and Chestnut). 
The food is very filling and comforting, just kind of expensive for Hawaiian. I get it though, the rent must be gnarly costly being so close to Rittenhouse. E.g., loco moco (Brisket patty, gravy, two fried eggs, and rice) was $12. Don't get me wrong, it was really tasty and patty is cooked to perfection, but it just seemed like a lot to pay for something whose ingredients are really cheap. 
A side of macaroni salad was $2. This was ehhhhh... macaroni seemed like your generic grocery store bag slathered in mayonnaise. 
Small amount of open seating (tables or bar with 4 seats), single bathroom in the back.
Staff were very friendly and accommodating. 
Will I be back? Probably, just not soon. Gotta try that poke bowl.get there early if you want the spam musubi, it always runs out like within the hour. missed out, that's fine the rest of the menu is good too.As someone who is from Oahu, Hawaii... I was so happy to find this truck :) I definitely visit them when I am craving some kalua pig or some hawaiian sun juice when I feel a little homesick. Their tacos are pretty good, and their katsu curry and kalua pig plate as well. The only thing I wouldn't really recommend is the spam musubi.. to me, they were a little small for the pricePoi Dog catered my 30th birthday dinner party and it was amazing. The food is out of this world good and the descriptions don't give it enough justice. 
My only regret was not getting the poke.
They were super good to work with and accommodated dietary restrictions without sacrificing taste.
Thank you so much Poi Dog!!!Simple, fresh Hawaiian fare. Tuna poke bowl was sooo good, tuna was high quality sushi grade and the freshest I've had in some time. Pork belly was melt in your mouth goodness. Food truck converted to bricks and mortar small (about 12 seats) establishment.Went to this place after work and ordered 4 items to go.
The rice with spam,
The chicken platter,
Tuna shoyu poke and the fried donut i believe..
The chicken platter was ok, I like the sauce on top. The rice was a bit hard.. 
the rice with spam, i can't really leave a comment for that. Its just an overpriced rice stack with a slice of spam.
Tuna shoyu poke was surprisingly good, there no smell on the tuna at all. I think they mixed the dressing on the tuna pretty well, and i can tasted the ginger which gave a nice freshly kick to the tuna.
The fried donut was ok, a bit greasy for my taste. And there's a hint of zest of the fried donut which is i like it.
Maybe i will be back to give a shot for another poke bowl!Really great food! I LOVED the poke bowl i had. The price point is a bit high which is my only complaint. Come here if you feel like splurging!We love this spot! Have since it opened. My fiancé orders from here once a week. I love the shoyu poke bowl. I normally get the small bc the large is a really big portion. My fiancé always gets the combo of fried chicken and pulled pork. He says it's the best pulled pork he's ever had. The fried chicken is bomb dot com! Amazing! The Mac salad is so good. We like to try the different deserts. The cake one with the drizzle is really good. Very different texture, great flavor. We're so happy to have them in the area. The service is always friendly and pretty fast.I was very excited to find Hawaiian influenced food here. I follow them on instagram and the photos does not represent the food well. I bought the spicy ahi tuna bowl . It was 12 bucks for two small scoop of rice and like 6 pieces of tuna. The flavors were good but not great especially for the price. The bowl that it was served in is a plastic shallow bowl you would find at a backyard cookout. 
Overall I was underwhelmed and overcharged!The food wasn't bad, but for the price I don't think I would go back. The combo (Mochi fried chicken and pork belly) I got ($14.75 + tax) was ok but the pork belly was literally swimming in a puddle of oil (I dabbed it with a napkin before eating) and overall everything was a little too oily together (macaroni salad is very heavy, two fried/fatty proteins). The salted beef short ribs were the craziest- $8 for exactly two pieces! I am glad I got to try a Hawaiian food spot in Philly but I feel as if it could have been more affordable and have a little more balance (more vegetables to balance out the oil for example).I've had take out from this place about 5 times. Each time I'm underwhelmed by the portion size and taste and overwhelmed by the price. $12 for a bowl of white rice and some marinated raw fish on top in a tiny bowl. It doesn't taste horrible but it's not great either. Their spam musubi is good but it's just rice and spam so no one should get it wrong. But they charge $3 for a musubi. Slice of spam and block of white rice for $3 is ridiculously overpriced. And last time I ordered a poke bowl from here my rice was undercooked/raw. I will not be returning.absolutely would not come back. Love Poke and this is the last in philly I haven't tried.
wifey and I spoke with the guy and asked for his rec. suggested the two pokes- Shoyu ahi and the spicy ahi pokes. 2 sizes- we got the entree size. from the entrees rec the fried chicken "best chicken that recently won prize in philly magazine"
no drinks, ended up paying around $40
what did we get?
2 pokes that were TINY. someone here on yelp described it well. a bowl of white rice with 1 scoop of tuna. with a little spices and not much else. what a dissapointment! yes, you might argue that this is more original. but ive had the pokes in hawaii- certainly not pricy and dull as across the sea! 
In comparison to other pokes in town (best ones or red poke and poke bowl)- its just.. sad. sad! nothing on it, no imagination, no excitment, no flavor. just a bowl of rice with a sad scoop of tuna. for $12 each. wow
and the chicken entree? a joke, terrible sides of pasta, rice and cabbage. quality of chicken? like a fast food restaurant. 
Bottom line, with the hype- and the cool ex food truck atmosphere- rip off, mediocare quality at the best, lacks imagination and expensive (For what you get)
why 2 stars and not one? because the tuna fish itself was fresh and good. but guess what- thats not enough!There are so many small embellishments right down to the use of the Honolulu Cookie Company tins for holding a thermos, I feel many of these adornments are simply lost on anyone who didn't live in Hawaii for an extended period of time. Fortunately, this reviewer has, and while not as versed in local regalia and gastronomy as the two owners, I feel somewhat qualified to take a stab at a review. 
Now the fact is, there was no need to put this level of dedication into the ambiance and adornments, but Poi Dog did it, and the same attention to detail is paid to the food.
If you want to see a quick video on the inside feel free to see it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyTalUVLQFg
Why is Poi Dog reinventing traditional food of Hawaii?
Well, food from Hawaii is somewhat of a paradox, it is ripened fruit freshly fallen off a tree, and something covered in saccharine, with a dessert from the 1970s (like Jello Cheesecake) and a processed salted piece of meat called "SPAM". All of which lay out in the hot sun. Needless to say, some Hawaiian Food is not that appetizing. 
However, Poi Dog successfully recreates classic Island favorites, using fresh ingredients, and improves on originals, while not cutting any corners. And do not fret purists--The SPAM is still there. Yet, the mainland has access to better meats, better ingredients, and it's nice to see Poi Dog utilize this. Take the fact they go the extra mile and use Mexican sodas with real sugar, or import Hawaiian Sun drinks. This cannot be a cheap endeavor, and could they have gotten away with a simple coke soda fountain? Yes. But the fact they did not is testament to the dedication Poi Dog has to providing the Island experience to the customer. It's almost like Hawaiian fine dining but better than a "Roy's" (another Hawaiian restaurant from years ago) but on a bistro level--with none of the pretentiousness. 
The Loco Moco, created in Hilo in 1949, was a staple of plantation workers, and soon became a staple of Oahu and the rest of the island environs. Here it is recreated using a large egg(s) topped with what appears to be Nori Komi Furikake (a Japanese rice seasoning)  atop a meat brisket cooked medium rare nestled upon white rice. It was delicious! The rice was hot and fluffy, the meat was juicy, and the egg was seasoned perfectly with a generous helping of gravy. A 10/10 loco moco, better than those places on Oahu touted world-wide for their loco moco like Rainbow Drive-In and the now defunct Tae's Teppanyaki. Price: $12 in Philadelphia. $8.50 in Honolulu. But, worth the $3.50 difference! 
The Sata Andagi (An Okinawan piece of fried dough, analogous to a D&D Munchkin or Italian zeppole) were the best I have ever had. Poi Dog's Andagi surpassed those I have eaten every year at the Okinawan Festival sitting on my Aunt's fountain in Kapiolani Park. They were crispy on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Price was around $3.
A perfect compliment to the Hawaiian Sun Guava Nectar soda. I was so taken with the food, I ordered a Kalua pig to go, because if they can improve so many Hawaiian Island staples, I can't wait to see what they do with the pulled pork. 
It's touches like this that surpass the authenticity of Hawaiian foods and truly launch this culinary experience into a realm of its own. It's simply not a place to eat Hawaiian Island food as L&L Drive Inn was, or to experience kitschy Hawaii culture as one would in a tiki bar. Poi Dog has a mission to provide excellent food, whilst keeping Island Culture at its finest. And in doing so, along with the attention to detail the owners pay to this restaurant, one can tell it's a labor of love, and thus elevates the city of Philadelphia's culinary delicacies.
One last thing to mention is, they actually serve you the food, but one pays in advance. So selecting the tip after your order but before you receive your food is what I would recommend. They made everything fresh, so there was a 5 minute or so wait.Poi Dog is so good! I've been enjoying their food ever since they were a food truck showing up at the City Hall courtyard a few years ago. Their new space on 21st Street is a great, cozy place to enjoy their hugely expanded menu. They've still got the poke bowls and lunch platters like the mochi nori fried chicken (a favorite), but they've also got a bunch of new options. If you're in the mood of Hawaiian food, say, cause you just came back from a trip there and need to eat some spam musubi, or if you've never had it and are looking for an interesting new cuisine to try, definitely check Poi Dog out.The poke is decent, but the portions are way off the mark for the price. There's enough rice to carb load for the Broad Street run. I didn't even eat half of the rice. For $13 I would expect more tuna. I don't mind spending money on food, but this felt like a rip-off.This place is fun, but fell flat on some key details. Two scoops of rice and one scoop mac salad could not hide that the kalua pork had the decidedly mainland flavor of liquid hickory smoke. SEPTA may bring you here, but only TheBus will take you home.