Quality Sushi! Everything was so fresh, service was very nice but it's more of a take out place, very small for sit down.
Highly recommend the Tuna Nachos!I'm not normally one for reviews but this place is amazing!! Very busy but well worth the wait. Do yourself a favor, get the nachos.Had the sushi donut, a sushi burrito, and a poke bowl. Everything was amazing and super fresh. The staff was very friendly. Not the best for indoor dining currently but that's be to expected for the size of this location. Definitely going back to try the ramen. Would highly recommend to any sushi lovers!The food is excellent and I order take out from
here routinely. However - they need to train their employees not to mess orders up. Out of approximately 10 times I've ordered delivery from here (like I said food is great), they got the order wrong at least 5 times. Most recently, they forgot to put the tuna AND salmon on my poke bowl...those are literally the main ingredients. Others times they made mistakes such as salmon instead of tuna, ignoring add ons/omissions, wrong sauces, etc.What a fun Sushi spot! Our poke bowls were delicious. I was so full that I couldn't get to the sushi donut. Can't wait to go again.Delicious! Loved the spicy tuna donut, ramen, and fries. Kind team. Will definitely be a regular.If you love crispy rice like me, definitely head to poke Burri!!!! The menu is so cool, with a wide variety of creative sushi meals. The spicy tuna sushi donut is delicious- a fun play on a donut but make it sushi! Other fan favorites include the sushi corn dog, sushi sandwich (I had salmon with avocado and cream cheese), sushi pizza and sushi burger! For the sushi burger, get the krabby patty. You will not regret it. They also have other non sushi items on the menu like takoyaki and ramen. I'll definitely be back to try a big bowl of ramen next!! It's def a great quick lunch spot if you are in the areaPretty affordable for poke and definitely filling. Looked fresh and tasted great with a nice mix of spice.AMAZING. so fast, clean and above all the poke was amazing. Definitely going to make it a regular stop. Also the staff was very nice and the wait was very shortVisited Philly last month and wanted to try this place because their IG is so appealing! The food is fresh and the portions are generous. They do have some indoor seating, which we opted for as the restaurant wasn't crowded and it was cold out. But the staff doesn't seem to clean the tables after each guest, which wasn't too great - especially in the middle of a pandemic. But we were careful to keep everything from touching the table itself while eating. 
We ordered the secret menu sushi pizza and boy oh boy it was packed with fresh fish! Definitely no skimping out there. We had the black pepper chicken sushi burrito, and that was good but a little dry and not well wrapped because it fell apart while eating. The seaweed also wasn't super fresh. The sushi donut was my favorite, because the added sauces made everything much more flavorful. The prices are also super reasonable for the portions of sushi you get!I was right across the bridge in NJ for work and I saw Poke Burri on Yelp and it really caught my eye. I saw the great reviews and was in the mood for some poke. I took a look at their menu and saw the plenty of options that they had. The even had a "tuna donut" which was a very interesting take on a sushi roll. It is essentially a round sushi roll. 
I went to pick up the food and the staff was extremely helpful and barely had to wait any time for my food. The sauce in my super poke bowl was something out of this world and not something you encounter at every poke place. I will be coming back when I am in the area again.Sushi shaped like donuts.... get out of town!!! So fun and fresh! Besides the sushi, I had Tokyo fries and the pork dumplings. Everything was bliss.Poke burri is not following social distancing guidelines or the 25-50% capacity limits. Customers were sitting way less than six feet from other tables. Every table at the restaurant was full plus all of the seats at the bar overlooking the food prep area, in addition to a number of people waiting by the entrance. If it weren't for the masks on the employees faces, you wouldn't even. know there was a pandemic. I did not feel safe eating here.New location that just opened up. My friends and I were able to dine in and I have to say I wasn't disappointed. 
We ordered the bagel, corn dog off the secret menu, make your own Ramen and pokebowls, poke burrito, tokyo fries, and Thai iced tea. 
Everything was delicious and came out promptly. I have to give special props to the Thai iced tea, which can be a hit or a miss depending on the place.
A bit small for a dining area, so I do recommend carry out instead. *None of my photos are altered or filtered* enjoy!I'm glad to have a delicious Poke restaurant in the city. I had a Sushi burrito, Chicken Teriyaki Bowl, and spring rolls. Everything was delicious and fresh!I have been here 4 times for carry out. The food is delicious and the employees gracious. I ordered the sushi pizza which was outstanding. I highly recommend it.  I am a fan and will continue to patronize and recommendWow! Absolutely an amazing place. Some background information, my boyfriend is allergic to all fish and shellfish, but we came in on a Friday afternoon because I wanted to try their salmon/tuna sushi pizza. They were super accommodating in creating a sushi pizza that had absolutely no fish/shellfish derivates for my boyfriend. Very friendly staff, the fish was very fresh. On the non-fish sushi pizza they put their chicken, and pointed out their sauces that don't have fish. Both pizzas were delicious, so worth it. They even made their Tokyo fries with a different sauce (their spicy mayo uses fish roe) - we opted for their spicy miso teriyaki sauce instead - still very tasty!Really was hoping for some amazing food from here since the photos looked really awesome but unfortunately Poke Burri fails a bit short. We ordered the angry zuko ramen plus a demogorgon burrito. I know it's their grand opening so def wanted to try out the Poke but since there's ramen why not. Unfortunately that ramen was not great, it was very oily, broth smelled like crab/fish, the corn was old, really unfortunately considering how much better the old Cheu's spot was in comparison. The noodles were not bad but flavor wise not great wouldn't recommend coming back for ramen. I think they need to just cut it out and dedicate the whole section to burritos/drinks. The wait time was also incredibly long even when they're busy since all the Poke is in one small section with another section ramen but like all the people are ordering Poke. Speaking of it burrito, it wasn't anything to rave about. It tasted like a giant sushi roll, but comparing sushi burritos if you ever tried High Street Kitchen that place had some incredible burritos. This one the nori roll got soggy, there's too much lettuce all the colors ended up tasting like a big Japanese salad. I'll give them a 3 star for effort and bringing Poke Burri to Philly but hopefully they work on improving their burrito quality, service and improve or get rid of the ramen.Ordered for pick up and used chowbus. Came in there on the pick up time provided and they told me to wait, which was fine since it seemed like they were busy. We ordered two Tokyo fries, tuna nachos, Zuko ramen, two sushi donuts, and a poke bowl. Waited for 35-40 min on top of the pick up time and was told halfway through that they ran out of Tokyo fries. They offered to replace or refund but we didn't want to wait even more. I understand that a restaurant could be busy but waiting 35-40 on top of the said pick up time was just something I've never experienced before and letting me know that they ran out of Tokyo fries 20 min after waiting gave me the impression that they only started on my order once I arrived. Got the food, went home, and they missed the tuna nachos. Called and they said would refund. Waited three days never got it. 
Ramen was flavorful and pretty standard. Sushi donuts were great for the pictures but ratio between rice and sashimi were not balanced, poke bowl was also pretty good.
Overall, I wouldn't return here. I honestly think that there either isn't enough workers or they're taking in more than they can handle. I ordered on a weekend so I may understand the wait, but missing the items and letting us know that late was just disappointing.While I have yet to stop by in person, I have heard such great things about these donuts and had to try one myself. I took a look at their Yelp page and realized you could order delivery right there so I took advantage of the opportunity and placed an order for lunch.
Some people know that I am secretly picky... so I opted for the Vegetable Donut and the Miso and Ginger Salad with added Grilled Chicken. My order arrived early (always a plus) and wow was it delicious.
I was worried that the donut would feel like eating a lot of plain rice, but it was sticky and slightly sweet with the avocado, seaweed and what looked like ginger dressing on top. The ingredients tasted very fresh too.
The salad was a small side salad and the dressing was delicious. I'm a huge fan of good ginger dressing and this one was up there among my favorites. The grilled chicken portion was generous and cooked perfectly. 
I would HIGHLY recommend trying Poke Burri for takeout!The mighty green tuna and salmon bowl - WOW. That miso dressing is SO good. Love this place and how inventive it is. Also, the crab is real crab!AMAZING! sushi pizza 10/10 ; sushi donut 9/10 ; sushi burrito  10/10 , Tokyo fires 7/10 (just needs more sauce)Just had dinner here w/ my brother and sister and enjoyed the most delish Poke bowls and super bomb brussell sprouts.... definitely a must try and come back spot. Hontōni arigatō ! (thanks so much)Convenient to order via website, on apps (chow now) and just over the phone. They have a $5 off 30 till the end of March for phone in orders that's tucked away on their menu graphics.
We got the Kungfu ritto, Demogorgon roll, and the dumplings. Everything was well packed and I love that they used paper containers which are way more environmentally friendly. Great to have a poke place close for lunch/dinners!What a Fantastic stop this was. Me and my Girlfriend stopped in to check out the Newest Poke, Ramen spot in Center City. We were thoroughly impressed with everything. The Raman was tasty as Hell and so fulfilling. We also had a couple of Sushi donuts, both were Excellent. The staff was professional and courteous and very helpful with exploring the menu. My favorite was the Tokyo Fries which were on Special. 
 The restaurant and dining area were very clean. The kitchen looked very well kept also. The decor was very nice with some painted murals that were really cool. 
This was a very comfortable spot and we cant wait to go back.You guys have to stop by poke burri philly we had the sushi pizza, Lo mein with veggies and spicy Mayo, an everything donut, sushi corn dog, and a sushi burger!!! Seriously everything was so delicious  Everything on their menu looks amazing I can't wait to go back! The staff was so sweet even though they were up to their necks in orders! I totally understand why so many people order here, it's true a great place. Foodie on Instagram @sebbybellySo unique! Sometimes these places can be a gimmick, but this surprised me. I got the sushi pizza and nachos and they were great!Not worth the trip. For a build your own poke bowl, they charge $14 for 1 meat 2 additives and 1 topping. And it tastes "fine." I can go to Red Poke on 2nd & South for the same price which includes 3 meats, 5 additives and 3 toppings. Poke Burri also doesn't have much of a variety of choices when you're building your own bowl. The staff is very friendly and they offer poke in a variety of shapes (donut, pizza) but that's all I can really say.A nice place to stop in and grab some casual food. I did enjoy the sushi donut but will say that the amount of rice is massive compared to the cut of sushi. The sushi pizza has a better ratio. The ramen was good too but there are definitely better places for that.Food is delicious, but I have gone to pick up takeout at least three times and they have not started my order until I got there to pick it up--even when I gave them 10-15 mins after the quoted pick up time before attempting to pick up. It defeats the purpose of ordering ahead if they don't start the order until you arrive. 
I recommend the poke bowls, but only if you aren't in a hurry.I first heard about Poke Burri through social media. As an avid sushi and poke lover I I knew I had to stop by to check it out myself. 
I dined in with a friend soon after it opened- it's a small space and seating is limited so I would keep that in mind. It's already blowing up, and there was a decent line for take out orders. We shared a poke bowl and a bowl of ramen which was more than enough to feed the two of us, and we both agreed the food was tasty. 
Based on my positive experience, I ordered takeout again recently. I decided I wanted to try one of their more gimmicky items, which include the sushi pizza, sushi corn dog, sushi pizza. I ordered the sushi corn dog and wasn't blown away, granted it's probably best enjoyed right away and not for take out. The tuna nachos were quite good although I had to ration the tuna a bit at the end to keep a good ratio with the chips. The ramen was solid and should kick any ramen craving. I ordered the same poke bowl as the first time, The Land and Sea Bowl, which has crispy chicken end shrimp tempura. In retrospect I wish I tried a different one so I could comment on the quality of the poke. The bowl was fine, it gives you a heaping portion of rice so I was left with a bunch of rice at the end and not much to pair it with.Everything tasted amazing! Made a custom shrimp tempura roll with spicy mayo and eel sauce. I've missed Hai Street Kitchen's sushi burritos and this place definitely hits the spot. Spicy tuna nachos are bomb and the portions are super filling!The food is so good and fresh!  I had been looking for really good ramen since moving from California:  I finally found my spot!  
- Vegan Ramen (add egg): 10/10
- Tuna donut: 9/10 (the kids loved it too!)
- Salmon avo donut: 10/10 (also great for kids)
- Best of the best roll: 9/10 (will add fresh jalapeño next time)
- Pork belly side: 10/10
- Deep sea burger: 9/10 (the burger was actually amazing and still good the next day, but we ordered Tokyo fried and did not get them)
- Penn special roll: 9/10
Aside from the lack of side (which I hadn't call to complain about since I was already out of the city when I looked in the bag), changes and specifications to the order were spot on (no spicy here, add spicy there, etc)Wow - philly finally gets a quality poke place! Got the tuna bowl and added salmon. It was fresh and delish. I am a snob about sushi - only like to get places where I know it's super fresh. Excited to see a new place here!Amazing! Absolutely delish sushi pizza and dragonfruit lemonade! Sushi pizza is enough to make a meal out of!I am addicted to this place. I always get the super poke bowl. 
I tried the sushi pizza, which is served in a pizza box. It's pretty big, I was full for the rest of the day after eating it for lunch. Completely covered with fresh tuna and salmon drizzled with spicy Mayo. Even the "folding crust " has some fillings in it. Highly recommended.
The fries with Tokyo sauce is really good because of the spicy sauce.
The sushi sandwich is another creation with a nice crunchThis new poke place has very cute artwork on the wall. Upon entering I was greeted by a friendly staff. You can read the menu on the plexiglass. You can build your own poke or get what is on the menu. 
I recommend the sushi donut with everything. It has delicious spicy tuna. Cute presentation for Instagram post. 
Service is super fast and nicely packed.
They also serve ramen. I had mine to go. My suggestion is that the bowl should be bigger to contain all of the broth.Came by with a friend for lunch on a Wednesday! They do have indoor dining available and we were the only ones eating inside the restaurant. 
We decided to split the vegetarian spring rolls, the spicy tuna sushi burrito, and the everything sushi donut. The spring rolls were perfectly crispy on the outside and warm on the inside. My favorite was the spicy tuna sushi burrito. The tuna tasted fresh and was flavorful. It was also filled with a variety of veggies and sauces which I loved. I would definitely get this again. The sushi donut was cute and very instagram worthy! But I wasn't a big fan of the everything as I felt there were too many flavors going on. I also think the fish to rice ratio was off in the donut form. So I much preferred the burrito over the donut!
The restaurant itself is very small, but it's clean and well decorated. The service was great and all the staff were so nice! COVID-wise, all the staff were wearing masks. Overall, loved this place and will definitely be returning!This was a very "fusion filled" visual experience with great, fresh tasting fish you'd expect in a traditional poke bowl. We chose both the burrito and donut options, which did not disappoint. But the star of the show was the kimchi arancini! Don't skip on this app! Slightly spicy with a delicious texture on the outside. Overall, great experience in a cute little shop. Peep the pics!This place is amazing!! I think they've set the bar high for poke in the city. The quality and freshness of the fish is unmatched. The portions are generous and everything  I've ever tried here is delicious!! The super poke bowl and the crab rangoons are my go-tos!! Please don't ever change anything you do. It's alll goood! :)I got the Super Poke bowl and it was delicious! It was stuffed with tuna, salmon, and crab with delicious cabbage, lettuce, and edamame to add a deliciously fresh crunch. Finally the seaweed salad and pickled ginger added a great tangy/sweet contrast. Overall, very delicious and filling bowl. The only way to make this bowl better would be a vinegary rice like in a chirashi. That would elevate the whole bowl, in my opinion.Came across this place by accident while biking through the city - absolutely enthralled I did!! The workers were so kind, the food was a hefty portion (with an equally hefty amount of flavor), and the two tables out front are great to sit at while eating on a pleasantly bustling street to enjoy the weather. Will def go back!
I recommend the salmon with ginger miso dressing, and beets as a vegetable. Soooo yummy.We returned back and loved it even more this time!  Gloria, the manager, is a true gem!  She filled the Tokyo fries that were missed last time AND threw in some vegetable spring rolls for the inconvenience.  Everything was ready right on time and fresh fresh fresh!  Can't wait till next time!Delicious poke bowels in a style that is reminiscent of actual Hawaiian poke and not the watered down cheap stuff usually found in the easy coast.This is such an a amazing restaurant. Food is so good. I've been here 3 times now and each time I'm finding more things to try. Things I've gotten are:
1. Spicy Tuna Nachos
2. Fried Brussels Sprouts
3. Super Bowl
4. Half/Half Bowl (salmon and tuna)
5. Salmon Donut
6. Tokyo Fries
7. Classic Miso Ramen
8. Crab Salad Crunch
9. Everything Donut
And to be very honest, I recommend all of the above except the Brussels sprouts and the Salmon Donut. The donut is just a lot of rice but I guess it's for the Instagram picture and the Brussels sprouts are alright. Other than that, I would highly recommend the rest. This will definitely be my new go to place for poke bowls and ramen!!!Ordered delivery through Ubereats. Everything was neatly packed. The donut was pretty cool but my favorites were the nachos and the bowl!Absolutely delicious each time I come! I usually like the best of the best burrito and the everything donut but today I got the donut and one of the sushi burgers. Amazingly flavorful each time! Service is great! Prices are amazing! Love love love it here!Delicious poke bowl and had enough for leftovers.  Probably the best one I've had in philly so far. Boyfriend said the burrito was "small but tasty" and "very crunchy."A small poke place with good quality bowls. I found a deal through an app, but will definitely return here because I thought the ingredients were fresh and well seasoned. Service was polite/friendly too, which is always a plus!We are sushi lovers in the city and we're thrilled to see a new spot open up in our neighborhood. Their food looked great on the menu and we went all out- they did not disappoint! Food was beautifully presented, tasted fresh and delicious and was timely. They add creative twists that elevate standard roles.  Sushi donut AND burrito? Yum!! Per request of my husband, who LOVES the ramen, we will be ordering from there tonight as well.We stopped in yesterday to try out Pokeburri.. all i can say is WOW. Absolutely phenomenal! We tried a bunch of different things. We had the angry zuko ramen bowl, shrimp tempura crunch bowl, fried pork gyoza dumplings, the crabmeat donut and spicy tuna donut. Everything was outstanding. My favorite was the two donuts. The spicy tuna was incredible. Everything had so much flavor. We cant wait to go back and try more things off of the menu!Came here tonight and ordered the sushi donut, the Tokyo fries, the Angry Zuko ramen, as well as the sushi pizza and sushi corn dog. Everything was amazing and the service was sweet. The dragon fruit lemonade was so delicious we had to get two more, and the Thai iced tea was also yummy. Overall everything was pleasant and clean.I ordered the super poke bowl for about $18 and the spicy tuna nachos for about $8 online through Grubhub. I like that it came with a variety of toppings like cucumbers, beets, avocados, cabbage, seaweed salad, and pickled ginger. I also thought that the portion was large but that the ratios are off. There was a lot more rice and sauce than fish and other toppings. The nachos were tasty and were a nice additional appetizer.
Edit: the owner reached out to me that she is taking note of my feedback on ratios and I appreciate that she takes time to read reviews and improve the overall experience!Saturday is Pokè day for my husband and he always get the super poke bowl. Most of the time I call ahead and the food is ready within 10 minutes.
Don't forget to check out their special menu such as sushi sandwich, sushi corn dog, and kimchi or jalapeño arancini.
Service is great, staff is friendly and welcomingI've ordered the supreme poke bowl several times and there is SO much food, it's such a good deal! Tons of fresh fish and toppings, they definitely do not skimp on ingredients. The sauce they use is also so so good and addicting. Definitely one of my favorite poke places in Philly, can't wait to try some of their other stuff!I wanted to like this place because it's pretty close to my apartment, but they were very sparse with toppings and just doused everything in sauce. Straight slop. I couldn't finish my bowl because all I tasted was the sauce. Maybe that's intentional so you won't notice how little toppings they give you. It didn't have what I look for when it comes to poke, so the likelihood of me returning is slim.