Simply put, I love Popi's. Our first visit was during Valentine's Day weekend in 2014 and we returned for dinner later on that fall. The food is phenomenal and hard to explain unless you are there in person. Each waiter we have had has walked us through the menu and seems to genuinely love the place. My suggestion is that you visit Popi's on a Friday or Saturday evening for dinner. That way, you have a chance of seeing/hearing a local singer who sounds like the identical match for Frank Sinatra. In all honesty, my back was facing the sound system for an hour during my most recent visit there. I got up to use the restroom and noticed that what I had mistaken for a Sinatra CD was actually a guy in a Yankees shirt singing Sinatra standards in a darkened corner. He was amazing. Perhaps the best I have ever heard with the exception of the Chairman of the Board himself. When I heard him sing Night and Day I really thought that Sinatra was standing in the room. Don't miss this!This place got recommended by a new friend, that lives here in the city. My husband loves Italian food, so he was excited and I was hoping for them to accommodate my son's and I vegan diet. They did! And it was delicious. The customer service was exceptional and very friendly. We are definitely coming back while we are here. We all love this place!!!In town on business, not many choices around our hotel. Luckily hotel gave us this address. Food is great, got gnocchi first time really good. Next time got chicken parmigiana with side of gnocchi it was delicious. Go try this place out.I have always wanted to try this place and I did. With my kids. We had the calamari, chicken marsala and chicken fingers with fries. The chicken marsala was not good. The calamari and chicken fingers were ok. The service was really good. 
The main question is would I recommend this place. I'm not sure. I've only tried it once and it was just ok. I don't know if the marsala turned me off but that was not good. lol. I ate most of the pasta and discarded the chicken.Great crab cake !! Live going here for 
Lunch !! And at night once in a while !! And owner nick is a great host good guy !!The service was good, but the food was not worth the price. I had the crab cake and it was deep fried and mushy. The calamari was okay.ordered lobster ravioli (as rec. special by waitress).. no lobster all cheese in ravioli.... service poor... needed to request water; bread; parm. & etc. very disappointed.My adorable Italian grandmother (nonna) took me here after my college graduation in May, 2007 for a celebratory lunch.  
The service started with the waitress (reeking of smoke and dressed in jeans and a random T-shirt) spilling Iced-Tea all over the table.  
She then didn't know the menu at all.  I got some chicken salad and it was awful.  A few pieces of overcooked chicken, some lettuce, and a few tomato pieces.  And it was like $11.95!  Everyone else seemed to dislike their food.
It honestly seemed to be trying to play up the gangster/mafia vibe to its fullest but it just seemed tacky.We only ever eat here on Sunday's, so I must say that we have never seen or heard the fat men sing. Am a bit sad about this, but will get over it soon.
This is one of those place's that you go into for a bit of familiarity, you know exactly what you'll be getting and are always happy with it. We (the BF and I) always get a warm welcome, even though we only frequent every few months, i attribute it to my BF's great tipping (he always pays for dinner on Sunday's for some reason, and..... no he's not my Sugar Daddy-I'm too damn old for one of those unfortunately) My friend who  knows Popi's as well, tells me that they simply don't get a lot of the gays in there. 
Whatever, we always get great service and the place serves really good old school Italian food.  The anti pasta is great, as are the meat dishes. I agree with Hammer Time H. that is one of the classiest places in the deep dark South Philly. Say hello to us if you notice 2 middle-aged gay men there on a Sunday with a bottle of Mark West Pinot.An ABSOLUTE MUST DO!  The BEST Italian I have had in Philadelphia!  This is a little pricey, buy well worth EVERY PENNY.  The service is traditional and OUTSTANDING!  Vincenzo was EXCEPTIONAL.  Big bonus is how quiet this restaurant is.... we could actually carry on a conversation without raising volume, and I did not have a headache when I left.
I had tbe Popi's salad to start, which was EXCELLENT.  I paired the Argentinian Malbec with the Shrimp Daivlo for dinner.  DELICIOUS!  I have not had Diavlo that good before.  Finished with a Limoncella and peach poundcake.  GREAT and HAPPY ending!
If you want a nice, relaxing night out with GREAT food and EXCEPTIONAL service, this is a MUST DO!I have been to Popi's many times and it has been wonderful. Today was not one of those days. Just because you are busy and maybe overwhelmed it is not a reason to service barely warm, undercooked foods. We were attending a funeral lunch and I was upset that the family had to pay for chicken that everyone at our table didn't even want to eat. It was clearly a pre- cooked chicken cutlet that was put on a plate and covered with sauce. It was barely warm as was the soup and pasta. The only good things were the veggies and the cheesecake. 
I hope Popi's will read this review and make the appropriate changes.Went to this place for a Sunday afternoon lunch after a charity walk. Got street parking right in front of the restaurant and could see my car from our table. The dining room wasn't very crowded but they had some private events going on in other parts of the restaurant. Decor was like Tuscany with white table cloths. Service was professional. DW ordered ravioli and I ordered a veal dish. Both were well executed. I would return if in the area.Food is always great. Paul is an awesome waiter, but now tends bar mostly. But... we had Vincenzo tonight, great waiter, food was superb.Another place I'm surprised I never reviewed. Went here for dinner after my HS graduation 3 years back now and a few times after. Great food and service always.Went with a group of 6. Didn't notice the tip was included on the bill and left an additional tip. Initially thought it was kind of the waitress to bring this to my attention and she offered to revise the bill. She was reluctant to give me a copy of the revised bill but I insisted. I checked with my credit card and she submitted the original receipt with a double tip and also noticed I was over-charged 3 entrees. Left several detailed messages and no one called back. If it were an honest mistake, they would have called back.  Shady business practice.Excellent. We were staying near airport with not many options but a ruby Tuesday that had awful reviews. Our hotel staff recommended this place and Wow!! I am from New Orleans were theres lots of good food and this was right up there with some of my favorites! For a family of four, each had their own dish, my husband had a beer and appetizer, I had a wine and it was $110. Not bad!!! Food was amazing!My now in-laws (weird!!) hosted my wedding rehearsal dinner here last Friday. It was wonderful! Somebody greeted us at the front door, there was plenty of parking, fast service, welcoming staff.... ok ok ok but most importantly the food: amazing. Huge servings of traditional Italian meals that felt home cooked. Great experience, so glad they chose this spot!! ALSO I just noticed one of the poor reviews below so I wanted to elaborate and say I'm a vegetarian. I never have a problem finding vegetarian Italian meals! (I mean.. pasta?!) This particular night I had eggplant parm. Mmm!Really liking this place; veal, shrimp and scallops done to perfection!  Very good, little loud and had a hard time hearing the waiter.   Bread dipping olive oil was excellent for starters.Amazing date amazing food amazing drinks(very generous!!)..
A bit hidden place I guess, but I'm sure the locals know this place. I don't know how much our dinner was because my date paid, but I believe the dinner for two is average 50-70? Maybe less. I wish I have a chance to visit this place again.Fabulous! Went here before a Billy Joel concert. Exactly what we wanted and more! Like "scenes from an Italian Restaurant". A great Italian family feel and staff. We are outside on the street - so much character. The food was outrageously savory and great! Everyone loved their dish. Wonderful service.  Top notch.Ate here a few nights ago in May, 2010. I grew up in Phila area but have not been back much for the past 30 years. A friend of my sister's took us here. The ambiance is typical East Coast Italian Restaurant - big, noisy, great smells, lots of locals and a house singer. 
Pros - service was fast and friendly. Waiter offered a taste of the wine before ordering which was a good idea because the one I wanted was sour (bottle open too long). We shared calamari and crab cake appetizers which were perfect. Calamari was cooked perfectly, tender and succulent (which is hard to do because squid quickly gets tough with a minute's overcooking). Crab cake was also wonderful. On the waiter's suggestion tried the gnocci which were also delicious. Chocolate cake for desert was also memorable.
No major cons that I can think of. The prices were moderate and Popi's is just what I remember from Phila Italian Restaurants, down to the house singer serenading us with old classics. I liked Popi's and recommend it highly.Had dinner here this past Saturday and it was superb!  The fried calamari was cooked perfectly, very tender and crispy. The crab cake was absolutely delicious! The potatoes were tasty and they even gave you sauteed pea pods on the side which just topped off the meal! A nice surprise since I usually only see them in a chinese place. They were delicious! Waiter was so nice and very out going and friendly. Everything was perefect! My husband had the filet which he said was very good. Can't wait to go back.Wonderful service and delicious food. We went for dinner on a Friday night. There was a DJ in the bar area, which was a little loud into the dining area, but our waiter kindly offered to move our table to the next room. We split several appetizers, which were all very small in size, but tasty. The main entrees were sizable and we finished off the meal with pumpkin cheesecake and cannolis for dessert!Had reservations and when my husband and I walked in, they seated us immediately. As soon as we sat down, received menu's not 5 min later, the waitress asked if we were ready to order?  When we did order, food came out quickly.  Dinners were just ok...for the price and size of the meal, let's just say I will not be back.  I live in South Philly.  I have been to many area places to eat.  Popi's is overpriced.  My mashed potatoes were hard as a rock and string beans were mush.  
Overall, sorry Popi's, only 2 stars.Very good across the board- nice, spacious seating in both bar and restaurant areas. Menu items both traditional Italian and some more modern takes, e.g using zucchini noodles. Friendly and prompt service. Only thing I did not like were high per glass wine prices.Great thing about Popi's is that it is close to the Sports Complex.  I took my husband out to dinner before the Justin Timberlake concert, and we both had a great meal.  I made reservations b/c I've been there before and they kind of give you a hard time if you don't have reservations even though there are tables available.
I recommend getting the lamb chops and the Dijon shrimp for apps, they were absolutely delicious.  The lamb had great flavor and was really cooked to perfection.  I also like the acine de pepe soup, but my husband said it tastes like normal chicken noodle, I beg to differ.  Normally I get the chicken marsala, it doesn't stand out from others I've had, but I like it.This has become a favorite meeting place for a bunch of old work buddies. Food is always delicious, well-prepared and well-presented. Staff is courteous and attentive.  Plenty of free parking with their expanded lot. I've tried various fish, crab cakes, beef and veal dishes and loved them all. Their appetizers are great, especially the antipasto platter and clams casino.went with a group of 14 people on friday night.  Loved so many things about this restaurant.  First it was close to our hotel (airport), there was ample parking in a private lot (those of you who eat out in philly know that parking in the city is nearly impossible), the staff was great and the food was delish!! 
We had an amazing waiter, Sean!!  He rattled off over a dozen specials without ever looking at a cheat sheet.  He was attentive and accommodating.  The food was great.   members of our group who ordered the specials were a little more impressed with the food than those who ordered the chicken parm off the reg menu.  So, go with the specials and you will not be disappointed!  The have a decent craft beer selection (have recently added Goose Island, Hoegarden, Sam Adams and a few others to their previously boring beer list of coors, bud, etc.)  Nice variety of wine as well, most very reasonably priced.
Great for groups, restaurant was very spacious and not too noisy.  Great food, reasonable prices, great service.  Will return again and again.Veal dishes were very good. Great service. Very friendly and efficient staff. Italian bread was disappointing, kind of like you would buy in a supermarket. Deserts were good not great.Great service and specials, the family style apps, veal chop and broccoli rabe were delicious!I've eaten here twice for business lunches. The entrees are just ok tasting. I had the eggplant parm this week and it just didn't have a lot of flavor. Service is fine and the place has a nice, but noisy atmosphere. There are better places in Philly for Italian food, for sure.Delish! Order the artichokes.Went to Popi's last weekend for the first time. 
The person i went with loves it there so i figured id try it too. 
She got the crab cakes, i got the shrimp fra diavlo. 
The server was an older man, the place has a nice homey ambiance he was very sweet but spoke a little too fast. The food was delicious, my shrimp fra diavlo was a little too hot for me. but thats not that restaurants fault, its a hot dish. I tried my dates crab cakes and they were absolutely amazing. They sat upon lobster sauce and came with a side of roasted potatoes and ratatouie. 
For dessert we has creme brulee and a cannoli, very appetizing as well. 
Would definitely go back.I went with a friend about a week ago as an alternative to the crowds and excessive parking prices in Center City. The place was virtually empty; about 4 at the bar and no more than 10 in the dining room. There was a Philly's game that night but I can't swear that was the reason for the sparse crowd. 
The server was attentive at the beginning but once the food came she disappeared. Eventually she returned  for a reload on drinks and some bread. The food was just average. I had the veal parm with linguine and my friend had the ravioli.
I would expect more from a South Philly Italian restaurant and maybe we just went on an off night.I have written about this resturant before as it was my favorite, always good food, great service and good drinks. Well sad to say last two times back have been a huge disappointment. We ate there on 1/4/14, reservation made a month in advance as we were bringing friends for a treat. First seated in the banquet room almost alone, waiter was not the best as he was scattered through out restaurant . No water, had to ask, my drink of choice is a Long Island ice tea, and I'm particular about it, always great there, well I had the worst and sent it back. I ordered crab cakes, big mistake, came out cold, too much breading, and I never send food back. My spouse had the veal parm, that's his fav, again cold and over cooked. Our friends ordered pasta and said their dishes were cold and over cooked. It was evident by the food we left on the plates and didn't want doggie bags that it just wasn't Popi's finest hour. We did order two apps, shrimp de Jon and clams casino...which was very good and hot! We didn't order dessert because our friends had bought things from terminis bakery in south Philly and we were going back to their house to watch football and have coffee, the waiter said and I quote "I don't blame you, can I come" cute, it's terminis bakery! Lol...other then that time with him he was very I attentive, our bill with tip was $160.00. Not worth it and I'm so sorry Popi's but your off the list, too many restaurants to go to to spend that money and get great food/service. On the plus they do have parking which is hard to find in Philly.The biggest thing they have going for them is a private parking lot.  I'm not from Philly, but apparently this is pretty typical.  I find the food here to be ok; same as the service.  Not amazing, but not bad either.  Somewhere in between.  Definitely not 'fine-dining' Italian style food; closer to fancy home-cooking; but healthy portion sizes and they tolerate children.  This is a good place for groups, as they seem to cater to larger parties (including having a group space to rent).The food and atmosphere of this restaurant are amazing.  Visited on a Saturday night after my sons baptism. We had reservations so we were seated promptly. Our server was Nicole (the grand daughter of the owner) she was excellent! Very attentive, friendly, and welcoming!  Her mother stopped by the table to give good wishes to our son and even held him!  We truly felt like family.   Our table shared 2 bottles of Cabernet (I don't remember which one) it was very good.  I ordered the chicken parmigiana, my fiancé ordered the sea bass, and father in law ordered the filet medallions.  We all were impressed with our meals and didn't leave even a crumb behind!  Please do yourself a favor and visit.  You will not regret it!A South Philly tradition for locals and many sports fans before or after the game. A great environment that accepts casual attire and always makes you feel welcome. They offer a variety of specials but their best selections are their regular menu items. The Gnocchi is recommended.I've been going there for years and it used to be good. The owner died and the kids took over. It's terrible now. The father was interested in the reputation of the restaurant. The kids are interested in making a fast buck. The food is below average, the service is terrible and the owner has a pompous attitude. Always empty except for the bar area on Saturday nights and that's only because of the DJ. Overpriced, arrogant, sub-quality. I am a local so I can be honest.The most Italian place I've ever been. And I mean Italian as in the old school, Frank Sinatra singing, kisses at the door and gold chains everywhere. Don't expect to get seated quickly unless you know someone. 
However, the food was tasty and once we actually got seated (45 minutes after our reservation) it's came out pretty quickly. Huge portion sizes.Thoroughly unimpressive. I was joined by 4 others and found everything we ordered to be watery, lacking flavor, or drowned in sauce (ravioli). We began with bacon wrapped shrimp and calamari appetizers. The shrimp were reheated and the calamari was tough. Calamari ought not be chewy and tough. My chicken alexander sat in a pool of mystery broth/sauce/something. Some of the chicken was ok, other pieces tasted like they were reheated. For the price, there must be other, better, options.Good specials, run of the mill calamari, and a $14 glass of mediocre chianti???  Are we in manhattan????I've given this place 2 tries and did not like it either time and a couple I know recently ate there and they both got sick..........not food poisoning, just sick.  I feel the restaurant is lousy; however, if you have to go to the part that caters for funerals, etc., the food is VERY good.if you want good Italian in Philly, and you want to go where the REAL Italians eat............you have found it in Popi's, and old time Philly staple.
i had veal and sausage scalopini and it was top shelf.
My wife had chicken marsala and the chicken was shreading on her plateWent here tonight after a Flyers game. We are from out of town and my boyfriend and I were looking for a nice Italian restaurant. We were very disappointed with this restaurant. The pasta was over cooked and very mushy, the meatballs tasted like dig food, the service was terrible...I would never recommend this place!Okay you all know I'm from Chicago. Home to some of the best Italian food. Visited here for dinner last night. Am trying to stay away from carbs... So why am I at an Italian restaurant right?
 Opted out of getting pasta dish and got the fish. Still should be a good bet. Sorry to say the fish came and it was literally swimming in a plate full of butter. So presentation was really poor. The fish was cooked well and not cold on the plus side. I did get a small side of pasta with bolonaise which was good. I ordered the caprese salad and expected this time of year I would've gotten a home grown tomato not a hot house one. The mozzarella was home made and even without a beefsteak tomato everyone liked it.
My bill with tip and NO drinks was $58. The fish was $30 which to me was way over priced for what I got as the caprese was a separate charge. The folks at the table had some of the more standard foods like chicken marsala and the like. 
The ambience is okay and service was okay although the waiter looked at me oddly when I didn't take him up on getting sparkling water---which I hate-and get regular water. Seemed offended which kind of put me off a bit. 
There is ample parking in the lot which is s plus in an area where parking is hard to get.Food is so so. Service is slooooow. It's darkly lit, and rather noisy. So talking to people at your own table is a chore. Kind of a forgettable place to eat. I heard the food was fabulous...but I've had better frozen pasta. I think its local neighborhood/South Philly charm lends a lot to its legend. Residents of South Philly are big on tradition...and tend to overlook what's really going on. Popi's was probably "fabulous" 20-30 years ago. What can I say? It just wasn't a good place to eat.Popi's is pretty much your quintessential South Philly Italian establishment. Top words that come to mind include traditional and homestyle. I dined there recently with a group of about 10 people. Now I'm not Italian, but I felt like I was getting in on that "Sunday dinner" concept. 
It was a great place for a group meal! Now our reservation was pretty early in the evening, but we ended up with a large table and a "private" room. Had it been more crowded, and later, we probably wouldn't have dined privately, but it was a pretty nice set up. 
Our server was very friendly but a little quirky. She made a few harmless comments that were a little odd. She meant well and had an Italian charm so I can totally look past that. 
So apparently, I ate at Popi's years ago and then managed to order the same thing last night. What can I tell ya? If there's lamb chops on the menu and a veal dish with eggplant, I just have to have it. 
The lamp chops were prepared medium and came out on a nice bed of arugula. The sauces dripped over the arugula acting as a very savory and delicious dressing. I split the chops with my husband. If you are really hungry, don't split the chips since there are only four and they aren't super huge. 
The Veal Cecilia was another good call. The dish was sautéed veal medallions topped with slices of eggplant, tomato, mozzarella cheese served in a white wine basil and garlic sauce. It's nice to have veal dish that combines both eggplant and a white wine sauce. I feel eggplant usually gets prepared in a red sauce. I opted for penne as my side. 
We split a few bottles of wine for the table, which were pretty reasonably priced around $30. 
I had a solid, traditional Italian meal in a relaxing and welcoming setting great for a group. I'm a fan, Popi's.We went Popi's last night and there were no tables available so we sat at the bar and they told us we could order. After placing our order at 5:23 pm, three people sat down at the other end of the bar-- ordered their food, ate it, ordered dessert, ate that, and paid. Meanwhile, a table of 12 got all of their appetizers and entrees. Keep in mind, all of this happened well before 6 pm. We had not received our food still at 6:25. We then complained to the owner and he said that it wasn't his fault--it was ours-- because they were busy. However, when we went to the bathroom we took a full lap around the restaurant only to learn that it actually wasn't that busy and there many tables available. He also threw the check in the faces when we asked for it in advance so we could speed things up. After 1 hour and 20 minutes, my friend received her overcooked steak (which the waiter/bartender wasn't their fault because "they were too busy to look at 'notes and special instructions' and that it would take a hour to make a new one") and I received my pasta. The pasta was good, however, the treatment was deplorable and extremely unacceptable. Part of running a restaurant is customer service and satisfaction and knowing how to deal with high-fluxes of people during peak hours. Therefore, I would really not recommend going. We will certainly never be going back.Visited Popi's for dinner with 9 work colleagues. We were seated right away and the place looked nice. Soon after being there the a glass of water was spilled all the way down my coworker back. No biggie, things happen. Dinner food was decent. Server was RUDE ARROGANT and not good at his job. He had a table of intelligent business people with $$ and he was telling us what we wanted and getting frustrated when we wanted to talk. He gave dirty looks, especially to our director. That was one of many of his mistakes. Then when he refused to divide the check I thought a war was going to start. This restaurant was recommended by  another coworker and it would have been great if it had a competent server.Service was fine.  Menu was tired.  I understand you wanna have the classics, but gimme something I haven't seen a hundred times.  Taste and presentation from mediocre to awful.  And what is this thing with fish being served skin side down?! Gross!Not a good evening.  Terrible service and mediocre food.  I won't be back. I think it used to be a solid neighborhood place, but has gone downhill.Nothing complain about really. I had a late lunch. Food had great flavor, but the calamari was too chewy to be perfect. The veal was great. The service could have better, but it was not bad. I left thinking "that was nice."I tend to travel to Philadelphia once or twice a year to visit family so it's nice to find a good restaurant near the airport. 
Great staff, nice atmosphere and good food. I was a lone diner and was treated very well. Lots of groups around me so it would have been easy to ignore me.A true South Philly Italian restaurant.  Five minutes in and the service is outstanding! Shred  calimari and crab cakes.  Fantastic dinner - the three filet plate is a must try!  Ask for Nicole.The website says that Bob Pantano starts DJing at 6:00pm on Fridays... this is a LIE. We got to Popis at 6:30, a man was playing Muzak & continued to do so until we left at 8:30pm. We saw Bob Pantano walking in as we were leaving though, so yeah.
The bartenders were nice & the appetizers were good. 
I might return for dinner but never again for a night out..., totally disappointedThe staff here is great! The food here is outstanding! Not from the area but this establishment is a must! While traveling for work I am usually skeptical of most restaurants. The atmosphere is just right and the drinks are on point!
Try this place you will not be disappointed!!Having never been to Popi's, I was stoked to meet some friends for an early dinner/ late lunch.
The place is cute!  It was beautifully decorated for the holiday season too which was lovely.  
The location is also great.  I love that its both a) near I-95 and I-76 for ease of access for the suburban folk, and b) has a parking lot.  Both boded well for our group.  They seated us at a HUGE table in the back.  I don't know how many people the reservation was for, so I can't blame Popi's for this table, but there were about 10 of us, and we each had room for friends...
I enjoyed our waitress a whole lot.  She was on-it, A-ok with separate checks which was a help given this crowd, and just kind of let us do our thing.  We all got lots of drinks, and the bread was a good diversion while smart people ate their appetizers.  I was not quite as smart... but lucky for me the bread was good, as was the oil for dipping which had a pickle peppery addition that I couldn't put my finger on, but I very much enjoyed.
For my meal, I ordered the rigatoni special which was stuffed rigatoni (with ricotta) in a fra diavlo sauce with scallops on top.  It was ridiculously delicious.  I wasn't sure about cheese and scallops, but it totally worked for me!
All in all, I'd come back to Popi's in a second.  The service was great, the food was delicious, the drinks were abundant, the prices were pretty fair (though this is no bargain!), and the atmosphere was welcoming!  
I have to take off one star for the bar.  We went to grab 1 more drink before we sent our friends to the airport and we went home.  We sat at the bar for quite some time and the bartender just never came over.  She served 2 of us.  The rest never saw drinks.  C'est la vie.  I took that as my cue to go home.Damn, I wanted to give a better review. But after my last time there this is all I can give. We were seated near the bar, a not very pleasant space that tends to echo in a really strange way. Seated near a group of young women, including an ex-employee who was visited by the all the present staff, I get the whole thing, but damn it was annoying for the other guests. 
I digress.... sorry. The appetizers were great as usual, portion size has shrunk I did notice. Entrees were the problem , at least for me. Steak cooked both well and rare (??????) and kind of gross. Sent back, was told that they would cooking a new steak for me, came out. Same steak, just all cut up into little pieces. The well done piece reminded me of roast beef. Ugh.
Disappointing.Terrific South Philly Italian restaurant. I had veal di mare with scallops and shrimp. The special of 3 filet medallions (with caprese, Gorgonzola and I'm blanking on the third) were a big hit with our group too. One of the better Italian meals I've had in recent years.We were so happy to find Popi's Italian Restaurant.  We chose Popi's based on online ratings, and it was a perfect selection. Everything was delicious.  My daughter's & I enjoyed dinner before walking to the Taylor Swift concert.  Adding Popi's to the agenda for the evening made the event even more memorable!Stopped in here as we were passing through town.  The  food was good, not exceptional but good.   And the parking situation was great.  Now for the bad news....service was terrible.  We were seated right away but after 15 minutes still had not been waited on or greeted by any of the wait staff with a glass of water or the promise they would be with us shortly.  We eventually had to ask to have someone wait on us.  The waitress  was not friendly and offered me nothing gluten free other than pasta even when I asked.   She took our order and delivered our food but other than that we never saw her, she never checked back in with us to see if everything was ok and we never got a second glass of water even though everyone's  glass was empty.  It was obvious she did not care that we were there.  I had hoped to speak to someone at the host stand on the way out about our experience but no one was there.  The service we got was reflected in her tip and I normally am a generous tipper.  Sorry I cannot recommend this place at all and won't return.This Italian restaurant is amazing!! Starting from the fried calamari for an appetizer to the chicken entree and veal entree my fiancé had. We shared the tiramisu for dessert and it was fabulous! Popis is now one of mine and my finance's favorite Italian restaurants in PhiladelphiaI work near the airport and there aren't that many dining options for our team. Popi's is one of our favorites. I highly recommend the House Popi salad....delicious! 
Good traditional italian food and a warm, family atmosphere. The staff is always great. 
Also good for a classier meal close to the stadiums.Picked Popi's because they were near Drexel and had free parking.
We were not disappointed. I braved the unknown and had Mussels in White Sauce. No I'm an addict.
All of our entrees were excellent. The desserts were great. I would have had more, but my shins were already too bruised.OMG! I made a reservation because I heard that this place rocked! We ordered Veal Scaloppine and the chicken Cecilia. The appetizers were lamb chops and the eggplant stack. Wonderful choices. 
We heard about this young man from someone very close to me so I decided to check him out. I made sure he was working and we asked for him specifically. Well, we were not disappointed because from the moment we sat down he had our attention as he slowly and eloquently told us about the specials. 
The food was delicious but the service was magnificent!
I wholeheartedly recommend Popi's. Who is this guy VINCENZO?The ambience in this place is great. Intimate yet roomy.   The house soup was fabulous and the bread was great.  My gf had the lamb chops and wasn't too impressed.  The gnocchi, however, was very good.  Based on the texture, we could tell that they make it on the premises.  Along with that, I had the Chicken Nicole. The chicken was very good and I like that they were able to remove the Italian meat from the entree ( I do not eat pork).  We enjoyed almost everything.  The only draw back would be I was torn between two items on the wine menu, but was informed by our waitress that Popi's did not provide samples.  I have never been to a place that did not provide them.  Also, my soup took a little longer than the rest of the tables appetizers.  Other than that, the staff was nice and we enjoyed ourselves. I would recommend this place.I took my boyfriend here for his 30th birthday last night, and it was a wonderful evening. They decorated for the holidays, and we were seated by a gorgeous, lit up Christmas tree. (I appreciated the irony since he and I are both Jewish)lolz! 
The Pinot noir I ordered was smooth and flavorful. 
We ordered the bruschetta for an appetizer which was tasty. 
The normal bread basket they put out before hand came with this amazing dip made of high quality olive oil, onions, and a few other herbs and vegetables. 
For my entree I ordered the chicken Nicole. The prosciutto and mozzarella along with the blush sauce penne took me straight to Flavor Town (to quote Guy Fieri).
My boyfriend ordered veal Marsala. The sauce had a rich slightly sweet component to it. Very good!
The servers were wonderful as well. They came around often enough to make sure we were taken care of, but didn't hover around too much . Perfect balance . And they were super friendly! 
At the end of our meal, one server came by and offered to take our picture by the Xmas tree. Very sweet, and a great way to cap off our wonderful dining experience. 
I highly recommend Popi's for special occasions, or for whenever you want to treat yourself to authentic Italian cuisine in a classy and welcoming establishment.This Monday was Ladies fun day; on our way to a concert, we stumbled upon this Great Family owned Italian Restaurant.  As we Drove by  the smell of garlic wafting in the air sealed the deal. The menu selection was good, the ambiance cosy, old world and service was friendly.  All four of us
tried  different items. The veal and chicken Marsala were a hit, as well as the mussel in a wine, shallot and garlic sauce. 
Nick the owner was very personable and sent us his favorite eggplant dish to to try...Delicious!!  If you are going to Wells Fargo or are in that area...the restaurant is definitely a great Gem! We are all fans, especially my dear friend Charlene!I've been here three times, and each time the food, and the service have been excellent.  It's not just good chicken or pasta. It's everything. Please go. You most definitely will not be sorry!What the heck is going on with this restaurant? We have been going there 10 years. Only a few blocks from Wells Fargo Center and Citizen's Bank Park in Philadelphia. It was a great stop to have cocktails, apps or even a great dinner before concerts or games. Always had been great service and better than average Italian food, even when busy. We've been there when it's been packed and had excellent service and food. The last 3 times have been absolutely lousy, both food and service. Other patrons have obviously noticed as well, since the place had very few customers. Last night, eating dinner at the bar with maybe only 2 tables filled in the entire restaurant, the bar tender disappeared for 15 minutes, dinner didn't come for an hour, only 1 entree seafood over pasta. It's a shame, it was a great place at one time but something is drastically wrong.Average Italian dishes that you can find a dime a dozen in any city or town. Prices seem to be for their beautiful place and location. $9 and $13 appetizers. Cut me a break. Our pasta swam in countless amounts of butter and oil. Nothing stood out to me that would put them above any other average Italian place that would be half the price.Uninspired Italian American food. The menu is trite and the quality smacks of olive garden. The only good thing was the cannoli at the end. The salads are sloppy and the my chicken was dry and one dimensional. The pasta and tomato sauce was average.Not too shabby for a place close to the stadiums.  I went here with a large group before a concert.  The staff was very accommodating and friendly and they served above average Italian fare.  A nice upscale option if you are heading down to the stadiums/arenas.i love this place.  it gets a little crowded so reservations are crucial.  the fat men singing make it feel like i'm sitting down in some italian mob movie in new york.  
the food though is extemely good.  the service is great.  i used to live about 8 blocks from this place.  classiest place in the deep deep south phila.Outstanding dining experience. Best chicken parmigiana I've ever had. Everything was fresh and delicious. The only knock would be that the meatballs were a little soft. Other than that, this was a home run. Highly recommended. The service was excellent. We will be back.After calling numerous restaurants looking for a Friday night reservation, we settled on Popi's. Only place I called that wasn't booked. We arrived and there were maybe 5 tables in the entire restaurant - at 7 on a Friday night! I now understand why. Service was great but food, not so much.My family and I had a dinner event here after my Dad passed away in October, 2014. The staff was very accommodating, cheerful, and good at their job. The ambiance was very nice and decorated for fall. The food was delicious!! My five year old loved the fish and I had the chicken parm. We were very pleased, thank you!Excellent Italian restaurant in a clean location.  The service was fantastic and very quick. We had 3 at our table and all meals were fantastic - if they have the seafood risotto- I highly recommend it. Large portion size and very good quality. Vi will return when I am in the area.I got stuck at the Philly airport (don't ask) and found this place near my hotel. It is a wonderful family owned Italian restaurant. I came In alone and they offered me a seat at the bar and kept me company. I had the veal Saltimbocca with a side of the softest gnocchi (made with ricotta). ever. The bread is served with an olive oil that has fresh peppers and onions -different and so good. I definitely recommend that you visit if you are at any hotel near the airport -only 10 minutes away!