Looking forward to hitting the new brunch location.  Did not disappoint. 
Loved that a new brunch replaced the old one.  There's a romanticism about this corner.  It just deserves to have a little bistro there.   The menu was interesting and ranging, for this type of restaurant.  I had the polish breakfast (aka Porta Breakfast) which included kielbasa and pierogi.  Keeping in mind my grandma grew up in Polska and made this stuff all the time, it was still fantastic. Pierogi were crisped perfectly.  And the farmer cheese/kielbasa omelet was a winner.  That kielbasa was not macro made quality. My companion went with the Portuguese breakfast.  Wasn't' sure what to expect however it was also great.  Potatoes, sausage, siri-siri sauce, it was great. 
Can't wait to get back...especially for the chicken and waffles (waffle sandwich with fried chicken).This is a great little place in the heart of Bella Vista right down the street from the Italian market. Living in Newbold, I frequent this area quite often when visiting the liquor store (which is clutch considering it is across the street from Porto which is BYO!). The downfall of this place is the teeny tiny eating area - there are maybe 7? tables during the winter/fall when the weather is not as nice. When it's nice out, they have outdoor seating which helps the congestion greatly. It's very obvious that this is a family owned and runned spot which adds a little character! The employees are very welcoming and very concerned with your experience!
Everything we ordered was delicious and the house hot sauces were quite delicious! The portions were gigantic - three of us were unable to finish two entrees. I would definitely recommend to people who are in the area.This place is great! Just tried it for the first time. The place was packed full but our waitress, Jessica was pleasant and at tentative regardless. I got chocolate chip pancakes because I like to start with basics. They were awesome and I can't wait to try more stuff there!I had wanted to try Porto for sometime now and my daughter and myself went there on a recent frigid Sunday afternoon. Portuguese, Breakfast, Brunch, and Coffee all sounded good to us.
Porto is small; I counted seats for 12 people. It was cold, abnormally cold and Porto did their best to make a drafty restaurant more comfortable. They have space heaters and even offered fleece blankets. Our waitress was great, pleasant, informative and cheerful. We didn't have to wait for a table either. We came around 1:00 PM.
The menu looked great, a nice variety of lunch, breakfast and a few Portuguese options. We went for two specials, the Little Frenchie and the Persimmons, Brownie Pancakes.  The Little Frenchie sandwich was huge and fantastic. It could easily be shared by two people. It had roasted pork, and some seasoned, marinated steak that was very tender. The toasted bread and cheese were also really nice and the fries were delicious. This was a really good dish. The pancakes were very good and not that sweet, which we liked.
Porto's has 4 different hot sauces to accompany their food. Our server explained each one in detail. These were also very good! Porto serves La Colombe coffee.  Our meal with the two dishes and 2 coffees was around $30.00 with tax. 
Porto is a nice place with great food. I will definitely return to] explore some more of their menu and try the Portuguese options. I think I may wait until the weather is a bit warmer though and when Porto does not need to give out blankets to their customers.The quirky atmosphere is fun but it is super tiny. The food was mediocre. I've had a lot better at other restaurants around the cityI keep telling people how no other city can do brunch like Philly and THIS place is a great example of why! Came here on a Saturday around 1pm prepared to wait a ridiculous amount of time to be seated but nope....our party of 4 were seated immediately outside. Maybe we were lucky that we beat the brunch rush? Perhaps no one knew about this hidden neighborhood gem? The staff warmly greeted us and even offered a few options to make it more comfortable for us to sit outside in this summer heat which was thoughtful of them. 
Spicy food is my favorite so there was no doubt I got the Spicy Portuguese Shrimp omelette and drowned it with their amazing house sauces. Everything else in the menu looked so good too but that omelette and the banana smores french toast filled me up--portions were very generous. The prices were reasonable so I yes I had two plates to myself. I'll have to come back and try everything because they have so many options. My friends got the chicken & waffles (Yo Cuz) and the steak & eggs--they killed it. Need I say more?I went to Porto hoping to get breakfast prior to catching a megabus. I grossly underestimated the amount of time I had, but the staff was incredibly understanding and accommodating. I got my food, the Portuguese Black Dawg, and an ice coffee in a bag to go, and made it to my bus on time. Everyone was so friendly, and the meal was amazing! It made waiting in line at the megabus stop much better (and made my fellow passengers very jealous).Now this was an experience. Definitely a Philly thing. The owner is friendly in a Philly way--loud, outspoken, and dotting virtually every sentence with f-bombs. Definitely a hole in the wall place. But the food is legit good--the breakfast special was an omelet with shrimp and sausage, and it was thoroughly enjoyable.YES. Love, love, love brunch here. I'm not really in the area much, but if I ever am, it's delicious. 
So cute, so cozy, so yummy. Definitely a cool spot to hit in south philly. Yes, the decor is a little weird, it's a little (very) small, but honestly, the food is great, the staff is funny and friendly, and I want their pierogies every day.Great little find although a bit out of the way. I would definitely recommend the chicken and waffle sandwich and ask for lots of hot sauce. The owner is really friendly and joked with us throughout our stay. She also gave us a few board games to play to pass the time, including my favorite Connect Four! 
Also there is free wifi.Great brunch with unique menu items.To say my experience was terrible would be an understatement.  It was what we refer to in modern language as a piece of shit.  Woke up this Sunday craving some eggs benedict, as any connessoir would.  I walked to Porto with some homies and proceeded to order said Eggs Benedict.  Have you ever been to be a restaurant and been told they're out of Eggs Benedict?  FUCKIN NO!  Cause it doesn't happen and shouldn't happen!  We're talking about eggs, hollandaise, english muffin, and choice of meat.  Get it together Porto.  Not to mention I think we were treated like crap because we were wearing athletic apparel.   Yeah I get it hipsters!  You don't like sports and prefer afternoon picnics.  No reason to give me and my friends dog shit service. Peace out.Weekend brunch here was decent without a crazy wait. The coffee was strong and much needed and the staff was incredibly nice and charming as well. I definitely appreciated the attentive service.
While I didn't love the Portugese Black Dawg (I felt the fish cakes were WAY too salty), my date's Porto Special was amazing. I loved the sauces and the ambience. In spite of not loving my dish, I would come back again to try something else on the menu. The chicken and waffles sandwich looked amazing.Food was great but the owner is quirky and weird and it wasn't exactly my thing. Don't get me wrong, she's really nice and seems to care about what you think of the place, but why is she holding court in the middle of the place? Anyway, not my thing but it was still a good experience. Their fries are amazing.A colorful luncheonette situated on the corner of 11th and Wharton. Porto is a pretty awesome neighborhood secret. The staff are cool everyone makes you feel right at home - you definitely will be talking and laughing with everyone as they engage you in whatever topic they feel like discussing or joking about. 
Porto redefines the idea of brunch with a menu that pushes the envelope and the boundaries of your waistline! Whether it be French toast to pancakes, chicken and waffles or cheesesteaks, Porto goes bigger and better. Everything is flavorful and fresh. A very tasty and fun experience!We ended up screwing ourselves by showing up late to brunch on a Sunday. They were out of almost everything; including all beverages aside from water and diet Coke. My first two menu choices were not available. My third choice, the Portuguese Black Dawg, ended up making me forget they didn't have half of the menu. 
I'm not sure what it actually was, but it was very good. The hot sauces were a nice addition; according to server they were made in-house. Altogether it was a cute, little corner place with very good food. I anticipate a second visit, earlier in the morning.Love this place!! I'm hooked. The service was quick and the food was unbelievable.. I ordered the Phiily Holly Grail with fries on their lunch special. The roll was packed with steak and the peppers and cheese were cooked perfectly. It melts in your mouth. .. The woman that served me Chris was just as awesome.. I definitely recommend this place and I will be going backBreakfast here was amazing. Firstly, it's good thing we arrived around 9:30am on Saturday which was the perfect time to go because at 10 am the six tables were full. The staff there are all so friendly, cheerful, and hilarious. We were welcomed and seated right away. The tables are perfectly suited for children- we were greeted with small figurines and trivia cards at the table- good for adults too! 
The menu is extensive, and the additional specials make the decision to choose one item even more difficult. We went with a sweet dish and a savory dish. I had the chicken and waffles. This dish was HUGE! It came with fries and a side salad. While I was impressed with the quantity, the flavor could have been better. The chicken tasted a little stale, almost as if the oil it was fried in is old. However, the ambiance and other positive attributes made up for this small detail, and I still give Porto a 5. 
As an added note, the staff are extremely attentive and kind to customers. Not only that, but an elderly gentleman had apparently fallen off of his bike on the trolley tracks across the street from the restaurant. He wasn't a customer, nonetheless one of the staff members went outside to check on the gentleman to make sure he was okay! They are kind not just to customers, but everyone. Good people over all. 
I'm not sure if Porto is byo, but if they are there is a Wine and Spirits right across the street in case if you want some mimosas. They serve OJ by the small and large pitcher. Parking near by was not difficult at all. Porto is great, definitely worth a visit. They are of the same caliber as, if not better than, Sabrinas and Green Eggs.If you're craving a brunch spot that will cure your hangover and won't break your bank, then look no further than Porto.
This cute luncheonette is situated on the beautiful tree-lined Wharton Street.  When the weather allows, they have a few tables outside, but most of the seating is indoors.  Be prepared to sit very close to your neighbors if dining inside, but if you're from Philly, this isn't a new concept to you.
Their brunch menu is extensive and I settled on the chocolate chip pancakes, which I couldn't finish because they were big enough to feed an army.  For $6, you could easily split this dish with a pal, but for $6, why would you want to?! 
Service is quick and friendly and food is delicious.  We'll be back.Went to Porto for the first time with my boyfriend for a late breakfast. The food was incredible, and our server, Chris, was awesome! Highly recommended!Great experience! Came on a Thursday morning with no crowd. Chris was decorating the lovely cafe with Halloween spider webs (and cracking a joke about the spider infestation). It was a great atmosphere to start the day with. The cafe was so nicely decorated. I'm a huge soccer fan and I loved the team scarves on the seats. The entire staff was so friendly. The food was especially great - a huge portion size and a really reasonable price for the quality, amount, and freshness. Chris is an amazing chef. I would definitely recommend this cafe to anyone visiting Philadelphia!Feel so guilty... But love "the ultimate sin" steak and eggs! Sooooooooo good. My fave!!!! 
They just have a great menu. :) 
Staff is great :)
Food is yummy!Cute and unique place hidden away for an enjoyable brunch. My first impression was that it's small but quaint and cosy. I've been here twice for brunch and both times, the food was great. They have specials on the chalkboard but I usually end up ordering from their menu. As soon as I was seated, the server gave us card games and random knick knacks - I appreciated their unique twist on entertainment as we waited for our meal. The portion size is large so I either share or take home left overs. They also have a small outdoor seating area.Absolutely love this place and the staff. Come regularly and try new things and everything is good. BYOB across from the liquor store- who can beat that?! South Philly Ellen Degeneres is the best!I wanted to love this place so badly. But honestly, I was led on. Their Yelp page was glowing with great reviews and 4.5 stars, their pictures were drool worthy. But the reality was very disappointing. 
I got the steak and eggs, a classic brunch dish. It's simple -- something you wouldn't think would go wrong. I ordered medium rare and over easy eggs, and it came with a side of hash. I also ordered an iced coffee on the side.  But boy did it go wrong. 
The coffee was great, but that's about it. Here's a breakdown of what went wrong with my dish: 
1. I ordered medium rare, but got a very unevenly cooked piece of steak. Some parts were well done, other parts medium rare, but a good chunk of the meat around the bone was rare. So rare to the point I felt gross eating it, and a fly was attracted to it after I was done eating it. If an even cook is hard to achieve with the bone then please use a different cut of meat or trim the bone and fat off the steak. 
2. Over easy eggs. I don't really like eggs that much to begin with, but these eggs were under cooked. I know, I know, an over easy egg is supposed to have a runny yolk; that wasn't the issue. The issue I had was that the yolk looked like it was just cracked out of the egg AKA the whites were partially raw around the yolk. It was unappealing to eat, and just disappointing. 
3. Now you would think after all of this the homes fries have to be good, or better than the other two items on the plate. Nope. It tasted fishy AF, which I'm assuming is because my boyfriend ordered the Black Dawg dish and they probably cooked it on the same stove top/pan. But as someone who doesn't like the fishy taste, it was very disappointing to taste and pushed me to the edge of really disliking the overall dish. 
Maybe the chef was having a bad day, maybe it was a new chef. Maybe something happened over time. I don't know. But that day I went was just plain bad. Bad enough that I REALLY don't recommend it to anybody. Please don't be fool by the photos and the reviews.
ALSO it doesn't help that they are cash only, even though their Yelp page says they accept cards. Just saying.I came here for a graduation celebration and we had a good crowd. They definitely accommodated us pretty well and are very family friendly. My baby nephew was with us and they had a high chair, toys and books for him to keep himself busy and the staff was so great with him as well! The food was great and the staff of was very attentive and was able to handle a big crowd really well! You get HUGE portions and they give you four different hot sauces to try if you dare! I got a omelette and ate myself stuffed! Everyone in my party really enjoyed the brunch and had a great time! I only wish the restaurant was a bit bigger, they have outdoor seating but the inside is very small. I guess that's not really in their control but it would definitely be nice if it was a bit bigger!Porto is one of my go-to brunch spots in the neighborhood. Taking over the old Carmen's spot, it's cozy and the food is consistently delicious!
The Porto special with pierogies, eggs, and kielbasa is one of our favorite dishes and the chicken and waffles sandwich has tender delicious fried chicken and the perfect amount of waffle holding it together. They always give you four hot sauces that range from mild to super spicy- all of them delicious!
The service is always top notch and the lady who owns the place is pretty hilarious. Porto has definitely kept me coming back time and again, which is definitely not easy to do in a town with so many options! Highly recommended!Service was amazing. We walked in with 10 people for Sunday brunch and they were very patient and accommodating to us. Especially since this corner cafe can only hold at most 20 guests at a time. 
The menu has a wide selection of everything brunch so you can never go wrong but definitely come hungry. The portions are huge and the prices reasonable. Love that they make their own spicy sauces.I tried this place out because of the good reviews here, but I left disappointed. The service was great, but my wife and I thought the food was lacking. I had the Yo Cuz, and the chicken was dry and tough. Probably won't be back.Wow, this has easily become one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly. It's tiny, so I felt lucky that we got a table right away. I absolutely love the ambiance - vibrant colors and decorative dinosaur figurines. The service was also very fast, friendly, and happy. 
The food was amazing (and huge). They have some standard options, but also brunch items with their own creative twist and daily specials. The Porto Special was awesome - delicious pierogies topped with caramelized onions with dijon yogurt dip and a generous side of scrambled eggs and kielbasa. This tasted great with the four magical dipping sauces they placed on our table. The other dish we got was the Yo Cuz, which was basically a creative take on chicken & waffles. There were bits of bacon within the waffle, and the jalapeno maple butter glaze was amazing. This dish usually comes with fries, but we opted for a side salad, which was also amazing (some type of fancy spring mix topped with berries and some vegetables, with some type of vinaigrette). 
Overall: tiny place, huge portions, great service, reasonable prices, and, most importantly, delicious food. It's BYOB, so great place for a boozy brunch.Excellent food! The owner Chris is so welcoming and funny. We went at an unusual time so we had the place to ourselves. This gave us an opportunity to talk with Chris and find out more about the food. She makes the pirogues herself and they are wonderful and authentic tasting. Not the pastry like pirogues that other places serve. Oh and bring your pooch if you want to sit outside. Chris loves them all!Awesome little place. We split the chicken & waffle sandwich, which was too big for the two of us, and crazy delicious. The owner is a delight.Always on the lookout for brunch spots with no line and outdoor seating. This place did the trick and the food was very good! There are only a few outdoor seats so my friend sniped the table right as someone else was about to grab the spot and we did not feel the least bit guilty about it.
FOOD
+We ordered the Porto breakfast platter of deliciousness (3 perogies, sauteed onions, scrambled eggs, sausage and a yogurt Dijon sauce which we asked for on the side because I'm new to liking mustard, baby steps.) Portions were large and everything was good (especially the yogurt sauce!) 
+We also split the chicken and waffles sandwich (waffles replace bread) which comes sitting in this delicious mess of jalapeño maple glaze and a side of fries. Again, a large portion and very very good. Chicken was cooked perfectly and did I mention the waffles are cheddar bacon? Yea. Heaven. 
PRO TIP: Definitely definitely get the trio of house made hot sauces. So good!! 
CONS: Service was a bit slow and they don't take Amex or have Green tea, three things that make me sad.
BOTTOM LINE: If I didn't have a mission to try every brunch place before repeating, I would definitely be here again. Actually, I might break my rule. Prices were very reasonable too, we got out of there for about $15 with tax and tip. Porto is gonna make me portly.Some of the best food I've ever had, and a great staff. I couldn't be more excited to go back again and again to try everything on the menu. The coffee is delicious also. I highly recommend it. Plus, it's BYOB.Chris is funny and lovely host who brings a feel like  family warmth and humor, to my lunch experience. Food was sooooo good and the hot sauces should be bottled! Thank you:)Fantastic. This would be the south philly/ Portuguese/ French equivalent to Cafe La Maude.  Large portions. Great flavor. Good service and very accommodating.  Don't walk run to PortoCouldn't be happier with the service today. We came in with a party of five and was afraid that we couldn't get seats in this small brunch hotspot. The waiter kindly asked a pair of customers to switch to a different table so that we could rearrange a table for all of us. No wait at all!
One of my friends ordered the popular Portuguese black dawg and I had the Porto turkey special. We shared the bacalhau cakes which was a bit light on seasoning but was still tasty, flaky, and crisp. The potato olive hash that accompanied the sausage had an overwhelming briny taste that offended my taste buds but I'm not a fan of olives. But I haven't seen or tasted better poached eggs than here. Runny eggs FTW. 
My turkey special was delightful - it was a blitz of meaty perfection: turkey, bacon, ham - coupled with a sweet slaw and dressing, every bite was heaven. To top it off, a heaping of crunchy fries to dip in homemade hot sauces. Weekend brunch does not get any better.What a great addition to the Philly breakfast/brunch/lunch scene is Porto.  This really cute corner spot in South Philadelphia is filled with charm and good food.  You can order Portuguese here, you can order Polish, or you can order American.  Your choice.  I recently chose a Portuguese offering of a delicious rib eye steak sandwich with fried egg and peppered potatoes.  The steak was cooked in a really fine spicy piri piri rub.  And if still wasn't hot enough for you, there was an accompanying set of four colorful hot sauces that is the best hot sauce offering in Philadelphia.
The service was friendly and very competent.  my water in a blue mason jar was filled several times.  I needed that with the amount of hot sauce I was consuming.  Porto is small but cozy and well worth heading to for some tasty eats.love love love this place! Went one time with a friend, and most recently, I brought a couple of friends with me.  The only downside is the wait, and there are no reservations or places to wait inside, but that's not even enough to take off a star--because the food is that good. And really not expensive at all. And their fruit cup has GOOD fruit (not packed with honeydew and cantaloupe with 2 grapes or something). I get the Portuguese black dawg and it's an awesome mix of sweet and salty.  My friends this time got a sandwich on special and a stuffed french toast and they loved their's.  The staff is also super friendly. Just make sure you have time to wait when you go, because it's a really popular place with only a few tables.I remembered this place use to be called Carmen's. I never cared for the place because they had an old dirty lady Manikin dressed in wonder women clothing with a blonde wig right at the entrance, that alone creeped me out plus, setup in the dining area was dull it wasn't really appealing to me. I noticed a new owner took over couple months ago while I was walking my dog. I love the ambiance, colors and set up is really cute. 
My housemate decided to try them out. 
Place is very clean, lighting was perfect and menu prices were very reasonable!! Yay!! Perfect for a foodies like me. 
 So anyways, I noticed that there was only on server on the floor. Restaurant was empty when we were there. There were 5 of us, and I immediately noticed that he was panicking once he started to take our orders for drinks, uh oh... warm water with lemons an coffee that's all we asked for. That alone took 15 mins to get to us. By the time we were ready to order, items that we wanted they didn't have for the day. Grr... Now I'm frustrated and disappointed. So, I order a cup of granola and grilled cheese sandwich. Simple!  My grilled cheese came out as an egg sandwich. Ugh...Now I'm pissed. Because that's not what I asked for! I don't like drama. So, I didn't have him take it back, I just took but didn't eat it. Everyone else nibbled on it and said it wasn't good. And He forgot about my granola..., oh no... When I finally got my granola, I was in shock! It was severed in a 2 oz tea cup. I'm starving....I literally finished it after 3 spoon.  (Sigh).
When it was time to pay for our bill, I noticed that we were charged for hot water and lemon. Say what, really?!?!. That's a wrap. I'm not coming back...This food is beyond amazing! I got the yo cuz. Make sure you bring someone with you to help you eat it cause it's a lot of food but the taste is beyond spectacular. You feel at home with the service so if you are a stick in the mud or just want to be mad all day you should go to McDonalds.Delicious food (how have I lived this long without pork belly BLTs?), great sauces, and the owner was so friendly!  Can't wait to go back and try some other items (the table next to me had a great looking egg and sweet potato hash dish).I've been here twice and love it.  The portions are generous and the food is so flavorful.  The owner has been the cook both times I've been there and she goes out of her way to make sure the customers are happy.  Specials seem to change daily and I like the interesting Portuguese touches to some of the dishes.  House made hot sauces are awesome too!I've been meaning to give Porto a try and didn't feel like walking far in the 90 degree weather today. My boyfriend and I were greeted with a toy dinosaur and a silly joke. After we ordered, our server asked if we wanted to play Connect Four. Our food came out quickly, but it was fun to pass the time. 
We got the chicken and waffle sandwich and tofu scramble. Both meals were delicious and the hot sauces were awesome as well. We'll definitely be coming in again.Service wasn't bad.  Meals were subpar considering reviews we read before going here and being told we were ordering the two favorite picks on the menu.This place hit a homerun! 
I had read many good things about this restaurant and went here with 3 other friends for brunch. My friends are very hesitant to try new places that they had never heard of so I was worried they wouldn't like it. Luckily for me all 4 of us had a tremendous brunch! Everyone raved about their food, they had plenty of specials, and the servers were very friendly and came over to check on us often.
The place is tiny so maybe you may have to call ahead if you go earlier for brunch but this does not take anything away from its charm.
Bravo to all parties!I'm conflicted about writing this review as I feel I have a big bullseye on my forehead at which servers and the like view as a challenging target to direct their defensiveness. I'm super nice, I swear! Somehow I keep getting these bizarro interactions while dining out that other diners don't seem to experience....
Anyhow, to start, we arrived for breakfast on a Tuesday morning (our Saturday morning), and we were the only ones there. We chose our seats in the tiny dining space and perused the menu. It's worth mentioning that the menu is really not clear. They use clever church references for breakfast categories that don't really illustrate what that category is, such as The Altar Boy(???). There is in fact, an omelette category, but I had no idea that's what it was. It also seems you can request specifics (or made to order omelettes) but the menu doesn't indicate that.
Our server took our beverage order. My husband ordered a coffee, and I asked for decaf. He almost seemed bewildered by the request, and glanced backwards towards the coffee bar. I asked, "do you not have any?" 
He responded, "well, we do but none is made."
Given that this response was designed to get him out of making fresh decaf, I folded and said, "ok, I'll just take regular." A server should NEVER make a customer feel they're being put out by a request. Especially when it's the very first request.
Moving on, he told us the specials, and informed us that the french toast could also be made with raisin bread. After short consideration, i asked for the grilled cheese egg sandwich, and also an order of french toast, plain. (in light of the raisin bread option) and my husband ordered his favorite basic: 2 eggs overhard, side of veggie sausage. The menu doesn't say this, but egg dishes do come with seasoned breakfast potatoes, but our server called them hash browns. Perhaps this is a matter of semantics or regional slang, but am I the only one who thinks hash browns are shredded and fried potatoes? I know at least Wikipedia agrees with me.
Our egg dishes were served, and everything was really well done. We scarfed everything down, still the only patrons, and were shortly thereafter joined by the chef and owner, a vivacious, colorful and authentic woman who curses like a truck driver and withholds no details. She talked to us about closing on mondays so she can "get all her shit done", about the decor, about the previous owner who was apparently a nut job, and about how people keep stealing her little spoons. She also bagged up samples of her homemade hot sauces for my husband to try, which was really sweet. I liked her, and I was amused by the conversation.....but I sat there wondering, where the heck is my French toast?
When she paused from her monologue to take in air, I asked about the French toast. She clearly knew nothing about it and turned to the server, who said nothing. She turned back to me and asked if I ordered it while she was ranting. Nope, right at the beginning with my eggs. This is where my blood boiled a bit. The server said, "No you didn't."
"yes, I sure did." He persisted.
"no you didn't, remember? Because I mentioned the raisin bread and you talked about it and said you didn't want it." Wow. That so didn't happen.
Perhaps he was able to telepathically read my thoughts to discover that I loathe raisin bread, but I certainly didn't say that out loud, and I absolutely did say, "An order of French toast, plain." I recounted that point. I'm incredulous to even be having this argument. My husband, in attempt to diffuse said he was full anyway, since we were intending to split it. And the owner of course said she would make it right away. I still wanted the darn French toast so I said I'd take it to go. She whipped it up quickly, and brought it out to us. We ended up eating it a few hours later and it was Delish.
So to summarize:
Menu is confusing and incomplete
Food is excellent
At least one server absolutely sucks
Owner is a one woman carnival who can cook.
If not for her firecracker personality, and the hopes that her business sense will whip this guy into shape or replace him, I gave four stars not three.Yum!!! So good! And they brought out different habanero based hot sauces AND verde?? Dreams do come true.I have found my new brunch spot. Small but cool interior with 5 -6 tables. Servers are very nice and are quick to refill water and coffee. Wife had the shrimp omelette which also has chorizo mixed in with it. Heart portion of shrimp and she had trouble for mushing it. I had the original sin which was a steak covered with a mild cheese on a roll. I opted to get it without the egg. The steak was a little over cooked but I didn't complain. Still really tasty. We both had a side of home fries which were awesome. Cooked perfectly with large pieces of red pepper and onion. The dishes are priced right and the hot sauces are homemade pretty spicy and really good. The have a couple tables for outdoor seating and provide mister bottles for when it is hot out. Pretty cool idea. Check this place out but come early as seating is limited.Literally the best chicken and waffles I've ever had. Friendly and at home kind of atmosphere, great food, great prices, and I love the area. The only thing I would give a pointer on is the cheesesteak, I would call it more of a steak sandwich, it wasn't really a Philly cheesesteak, I would stick to shaved beef, it was quite good though, just different from what I'm used to. Thumb ups will 10/10 come again!Great, great brunch. Everything is homemade including the hot sauce and jams. My omelette was amazing and the the potatoes with peppers were delicious. The lady who runs the place is hilarious.I was really excited to check this place out as I read all the reviews and my friend has visited several times and has loved it. Unfortunately, my experience was not so great. I had my mind set after looking at the menu that I was going to get the pierogie dish which seems to be popular here. Upon ordering, the waiter states that today they don't have that. Fine, I'll get something else. However, my friend then went to order the eggs benedict and the waiter proceeds to tell her that they didn't feel like making hollandaise sauce so if she ordered the benedict, it wouldn't be the same. Isn't the point of eggs benedict the sauce? So both our entrees got nixed and we had to find new options. We settled on two omelettes which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I ordered a side of fruit which had what looked like some coleslaw in it. Not only thus, but the restaurant was FREEZING the whole time we were there. I was eating brunch in my winter jacket and hat. Overall, not a great experience which is a shame because the place is unique and our waiter was pretty friendly.My wife and I went this morning at 9am. Service was fast and inviting. It's a very qaint and nice little place. The food was fantastic I had a croissant with egg sausage with potatoes. Everything was piping hot, which in my opinion is half the battle. we will be back again for  sure very soon.Excellent brunch/breakfast spot. Small and cozy inside but there is outdoor seating. The food is excellent but the real kicker is the value. You can easily have brunch for 2 under $25. The house made hot sauces are amazing and complement everything so well. I love the Eggs Benedict and the Ultimate Sin. I have not had their lunch but I cannot imagine it's anything short of wonderful. The service there is always great but sometimes they seem a little overstaffed. The restaurant has excellent food/service and I highly recommend to anyone in the area.Great food with unique pairings. The place is very small but quaint. I will say the pricing on the menu that is available online isn't accurate. The price WAS worth it though! You do get a lot of food AND it's deliciousPorto is the top brunch in the city. I'm giving this such a high rating because the experience outside of the food. The chef owner is authentic, passionate and the Ellen DeGenerous of South Philly. Not only were the specials out of this world, the open windows and kitchen gave us great interaction with the chef and wait staff. As they say, if ya can't handle the heat, get the hell out of the kitchen. Definitely a must stop place in the city of brotherly love.What a great place!  The décor is modernly antique and laid out very comfortably. The menu is unique, creative and delicious!  Christine (the cook/owner) is straight up and hysterical. The servers are friendly and extremely informative.  Best part is they are a BYOB conveniently located right next to a Wine and Spirits store. Please stop in this gem whenever you can!Soooo delicious! Quirky décor, good service, always friendly staff. Home made hot sauces that are all awesome!From the moment we walked in, I loved this place. 
Food was fantastic and we thoroughly enjoyed hanging and talking with Chris. She is great!
There are lots of options for breakfast in the area, but this will be a go to spot for me. 
I had an omelet that was great, and the homemade hot sauces made it even better.
We will be back for sure!One of my favorite places for breakfast/brunch. It's small but often has seating. The Ultimate sin breakfast is amazing. The spicy steak rub and runny egg combination is perfect. I really need to try their egg, olive, and sausage breakfast. 
They give you a little plate with 3 of their own salsas/spices and all are delicious.Oh... My... Goodness.. The food here is awesome! We had the Yo Cuz and the Porto Special on our most recent visit and they did not dissapoint. Huge portions meant that there was too much food to down in one sitting. Just the Yo Cuz alone is enough for two so we left absolutely stuffed. The hot sauces are another highlight of the menu. Sunshine sauce... BOMB!I've lived in the neighborhood for less than 2 weeks and I've already been here twice. The food is excellent; and the service is outstanding. Servers are very attentive. My friends and I have had the omelets (generous portions!) and the breakfast burrito. So so so so good! I've only ever sat outside. Yesterday it was so hot we decided to order iced coffee and I couldn't stop commenting on how delicious it was. Already can't wait to go back! :)Best place to go when you feel like going home. The menu selection is varied and interesting. Porto has consistently provided fresh delicious dishes. It's my go to place.Had a pretty solid brunch here a few months back . As others have stated it's pretty small inside and there is very limited seating. With that said this place is still churning out some amazing food with not much space .
We waited for a table or seats up open up at the high top counter for about 20 min. We had to wait in the doorway since it was brutally cold out and no where else to move . As tables started to turn service went a little more efficient and again within 20 min we were seated at the high top bar. I decided in coffee and the shrimp and eggs dish. It comes with chorizo which I ate around but the spicy sauce and perfectly cooked breakfast potatoes left me full until dinner time. 
There are several brunch items I would love to try so I will def be back .
Byob and they take cards . 
Protip only come with an min one other friend this place is smallYum yum yum...
Went here for Sunday brunch.
Ordered their special... Candied apples, walnuts and cranberries in my pancake batter... What a combination. Perfectly goes well together. My pancakes were super super fresh...I had brunch on father's day here.  This is one of the best brunch's I have ever had.  The menu is innovative and the service was excellent.  This place is very small so you may have to wait.  Believe me it is worth it.  I had the father's day special which was steak with crab meat on top with a giant shrimp all on a bed of delicious home fries.  The home fries have stuffed olives and sweet potatoes in the mix along with onions and red peppers.  This was a great combination with a light but very rich sauce on top.  My wife and son had cod cakes which were done to perfection.  They have fresh Portuguese rolls just to get you started.  The coffee was to die for!  I will definitely go back.  There is so much more to eat with so little time...One of our first stops in Philly was this little coffee/breakfast/lunch place on the corner. In two words; effin great!
The owner is a funny, real south-philly character and will not shut up, which is positive because she'll make for great conversation and stories. The coffee and breakfast dishes are great and will not disappoint you! Went there twice and both times were an excellent and funny experience.
ps; we will send you that scarf of our Dutch hooligan football club ;)Small, but we were seated in under 2 minutes for brunch on a Sunday at noon.  Portuguese twists on brunch make every bite interesting and delicious. Fast service, priced reasonably, and tasty. Very good coffee that's refilled very frequently. I think the environment could have been a lot cozier if they didn't have a TV, its too small of a space and it looks out of place with the lovely tin ceiling and Portuguese decorations.Neighborhood cafe around East Passyunk. Caught my attention as a brunch BYO in a new area, and couldnt help but explore! Small, with personable staff that made the experience enjoyable.
Good sense of creativity, and the breakfast specials included imaginative papaya stuffed pancakes and a croissant-scrapple sandwich combo. Not that the latter can be any good but props for the idea!
Had some coffee and the Porto special, pierogies with sausage and eggs (and three kinds of hot sauce!)
Show up early and grab the outdoor spots before they're taken or baking in the sun!I ate at Porto this morning, it was excellent.  I got the eggs benedict with veggie sausage which was accompanied by home fries.  I ate the entire thing and was scraping the plate.  My Dad had what I believe is called The Porto special, it was an omelet that had kielbasa, cheese and some other good stuff accompanied by pierogies and toast.  He loved it, I tried the pierogies which were awesome.  I am glad I live so close because I will definitely be going back!Small, super cute spot with really unique brunch options. Love that it's BYO. The staff is super friendly. 4 words: BANANA S'MORES FRENCH TOAST.  holy crap so delish.Very interesting place. This restaurant is tiny, only fits several tables but the atmosphere is cozy. I also like how they have toys all over the place, makes you feel like a big kid. I had the Portuguese black dawg and it was unique so if you like international and American food you'll love here. Had to wait in the cold for 40 min, so get here early to avoid the wait.Excellent food! They have limited seating but the owner is great and the food is delicious.  Definitely a must for the weekend.Great brunch spot! Killer food and awesome service. BYOB with a liquor store across the street. What's not to like? Lounge outside with a mimosa and the Yo Cuz and you'll be starting your Saturday off in style. Top it off with perfectly reasonable prices and you've got your next brunch destination.Small, cozy restaurant. The staff are friendly, warm, and hard working. The food however, was average. We had the yo cuz, which was good but not the best chicken and waffles I've had. The portions are generous but the waffles are slightly soggy. You should ask for less sauce or for the sauce on the side. Not ideal for a big group or if with kids. Overall, a cool place with friendly staff but average food.When you walk into porto you're kind of bombared by close set tables and waiters yelling at the kitchen through a little window that you can see right through. It's got a very charming atmosphere and it seems homey, which I really enjoyed.
My friends and I came here for brunch and found ourselves very happy. We were excited to find a BYOB brunch place that had some great ratings. I tried the chicken and waffle sandwich (which was delicious fried chicken with a jalapeno sauce with WAFFLES AS BUNS, yeah, I said it). I was incredibly pleased with my selection and found all the other entrees to be very creative and things that I would definitely order.
One of my friends got a Portuguese Black Dawg, and the cod cakes that came with it were really too salty to eat. Quite tasty, minus the absurd amount of salt, but really just hard to eat. The potato hash was a really great compliment--came with olives so that was very original. 
Another friend got a hash and ham meal as well. We found the ham to be more fat than anything else, which she didn't mind as the fat is her favorite part. But again, her hash was delicious and the ham was well cooked.
I'd come here again for sure, and go with the fried chicken and waffle sandwich. Falafel tacos were also quite enticing ;)This place was cozy and gave off a right around the corner vibe. The people were very friendly. The music were old Stevie Wonder, Harry Belafonte, Al Green,Before we head home from our spring break trip to Philly we stopped at this really cute and modern restaurant. It has a very homey feel, it's very cool, quirky, and fun. While you wait for your food she will give you a few games to play ( haha ) very cute.I'm lactose intolerant and the owner had me made a custom dish! How awesome, and what great customer service. And the food was BANGIN! Literally the most unique menu I've experienced during my whole trip to Philly. She knows everyone and she is so funny. So much personality, both her and the restaurant. I will never forget this place and I'll be sure to stop by again when I visit Philly.A solid "brunchery" to add on rotation.  Tables outdoor was available with no wait on a Saturday morning (around 10ish).  The wait staff couldn't have been more friendlier and attentive.  We got some knickknacks placed on our table including a toy dinosaur (why, idk), joke cards, and a portable water fan.  The fan came in handy since it was already in the 90's and humid early on.  The coffee was solid.  The sauces added a nice touch from mild to hot.  I kindly asked for more with my leftovers to take home.  The shrimp omelette with potatoes comes in a huge serving.  The omelette was fluffy and delicious but i loved the flavors of the potatoes, especially when you add the sauces.  The husband enjoyed his chicken/waffle sandwich (Yo Cuz!).Everything I've eaten here was excellent.  I especially like the Portuguese aspects, and the variety of house-made salsas that accompany most dishes.  The hands-on owner is always a blast.  Also:  great coffee.