This place is pretty good, I come here once a week but the reason three stars rather than 4 is for two things that are a little annoying: first of all they only sell diet half iced tea/lemonade. I really don't get why they have four rows in the drink refrigerator for diet half and half and not one lousy non-diet half and half. Does that make any sense at all? Is diet half and half in such demand that it warrants for rows to the exclusion of regular? And I've talked to people about this. To no avail. My other gripe is how everybody kind of communicates via corporate-speak. It's the same schpeil every day about the sandwich, "Hi sir" and "Is Swiss cheese okay?" (every time)  etc etc it's kind of bothersome. People shouldn't be dronesI always get the large meatball sandwich, which is probably one of the most caloric sandwiches to get there.  I request extra sauce and get just Italian seasoning.  The pickled hot peppers also go well too.  I wish they had some parm to top the sandwich.
The lines get long during lunch so make sure you come by early to avoid the rush.Yummy & quick with healthy lunch options (the "skinny" sandwiches are a great alternative, with less stuff inside - as are the side soup & 1/2 sandwich option) . Yes, folks, the potbelly is for a stove, ie a "home cooked style" , body warming meal - not neccesarily one that gives you a pot belly ( ; Fun retro decorations too . Tasty food with friendly service, that's not too hard on the wallet . Its a winner all around. ps. There are locations throughout the city & the 'burbs .Pretty average sandwich shop. Good service. Kind of weird that you had to ask for the key to use the restroom. 
Recommend the mac and cheese with baconPoor customer service. Instead of courteously bagging your food, the cashier will hand you a paper bag and expect you to bag your purchases yourself.I had a pizza sandwich on whole wheat which was pretty good. A bit on the expensive side but I don't eat out much so I didn't mind.That stupid singing guy with the guitar ruins it for me. I'm going to lunch, not a concert.  He sings way too loud and expects us to give him money.  I'm not sure why they don't kick him out.  The food is actually pretty decent,  better than average,  but every time I walk by and I see him in there,  I go somewhere else.  I find it to be quite annoying.  Every other place kicks out these vagrants but potbelly seems to allow it more often than not.  It makes it very hard to have a conversation while you eat.This place is ok....for a quick lunch on the fly. I had the Mediterranean on wheat. This place is similar to Jimmy Johns, just not as fast.I like the convenience of this place more than anything. The line moves fast during lunch rush hour, and there is also a good selection of sandwiches and soups, made to order. Nothing really stands out to me as outstanding, just your average sandwich place. I did enjoy my grilled chicken on wheat, the kale soup was just OK. So worth stopping by and checking out if you are in a rush and need a sandwich fast. They also have a great nutritional calculator online (surprisingly most full sandwiches are around 500 cals, eek).I know I am biased.  I went to college in Chicago (98-02) and often frequented Potbelly's near my dorm.  Back then, the sandwiches were $3.50 and they didn't have salads or skinny versions.  Simpler times... 
When I heard they were coming to Philadelphia, I emailed all my friends and urged them to try it.  I even had it delivered for lunch for my bridal party on my wedding day as we were getting our hair/make-up done :)
My long-term relationship with Potbelly's is still going strong.  I usually get turkey with everything but oil & mayo.  Their mustard is awesome and I actually keep a jar of their hot pepper at home as a staple pantry item.  It's SUPER spicy and flavorful packed in oil.  It's great with eggs and with grilled meat too. 
Yesterday, I went there alone to get my usual and was happy to eat the familiar, yummy sammie I love.  It's a comfort food for me. 
I know people are huge fans of their milkshakes.  I love the mini cookies they put around the straw.  I wonder if they still do that.Da bomb...Ditka would love this Chicago based joint.  New manager had turned this place around!They have sweet potato pop chips! also love the T-K-Y sandwich which is a turkey skinny sandwich for just $4! well done potbelly! They re very quick during the lunchtime rush and really get the line moving fast. The place is usually clean and they have outdoor seating. The staff has always been friendly to me.I recently started working in center city and began to find lunch spots that I can go to regularly.  I happened upon Potbelly my second month and wished I had gotten here sooner.
From the fun and quirky decor, it is obviously a chain/franchise.  This is not bad, but not a reason to go or stay, it just is.
The sandwiches are run through an oven and makes them warm and crispy, which I like.  After the sandwich flows through the oven, you get to pick from a good selection of toppings and spices to add.  All in all a pretty good sandwich.  Not inventive or unique, but still pretty good.
One important thing to note is that the staff here is among the friendliest I have ever seen.  Even on days of bad weather or jammed at lunch, their attitude does not change and is great.I always get the turkey breast with mushrooms on original wheat for breakfast. No lines in the morning. Lunch for breakfast. This review is currently shorter than most...oh well. The food is good, period.Potbelly sandwich works is a chain based in Chicago, IL - (my hometown). Today, for lunch, I wanted to escaped my office for an hour "calgon take me away" and I didn't really know where I was walking to. I decided to go to Potbelly, since I no longer live off of City Ave and haven't been to the one by Perelman building since moving to University city. It's been awhile.... I beat the lunch crowd and found a seat a little away from the door...
Today, I got a cuppa soup. Cream of Tomato, because it's pretty chilly outside - Chicago-worthy winds and my Vegetarian sandwich with the works. (tomato, mustard,pickle, sweet pepper and lettuce on whole grain)
I like Potbelly bread - they bake it fresh daily and I like the choice of whole grain vs regular. 
Service was fast and I ate. Brrrr, it was really cold in the Potbelly, guess because the winds were strong...I really felt like i was at the Lincoln Ave location today or Evanston. 
I think Potbelly is a decent place to get a sandwich. It's economical, tasty and you can have it your way.Working 2 blocks away and having to fight the Center City work crowd for lunch, their online ordering system is great! For those large orders that always seem to get screwed up by those other places, Potbelly gives you yours with individual computerized labels for each person on each sandwich. So you're probably thinking you must not be able to customize much with this system. Wrong! You can type in any request and they will comply or call you to clarify. We had a gluten-free person in our group and requested the worker change gloves before making her salad. Done! No problem.
Their breakfast is excellent as it is the same size sandwich as lunch for $2.99. Again, quick service and always fresh, as it is made to order.First introduced  to Potbelly a decade ago in another city, I have been a fan ever since.  In a city like Philly with countless home-grown lunch choices, Potbelly may not be as competitive as it is in towns with fewer alternatives. 
In any case, Potbelly's strengths include the option to have your sandwich made "skinny" by the removal of 1/3 of the roll, the warming of the roll before it is filled with your selected protein, Potbelly's special hot pepper mix, and reasonable prices.  
Because I don't generally eat cold cuts, my sandwich of choice is the chicken salad on skinny wheat with swiss, extra hot peppers, extra onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and Italian seasoning (no oil).   When the chicken salad is properly made, it has the barest amount of mayonnaise necessary to hold the salad together.   This location gets it right about half the time.   I have been known to order the Biggee and make two or more meals out of it.   The sandwich actually improves with overnight refrigeration.Great sandwich shop! Come here whenever I'm in the mood for a quick sandwich. They keep the line moving. I love that they toast the whole sandwich. They have a lot of toppings and their famous hot peppers. A sandwich is only about $6 so it's a great cheap lunch.I've eaten at the 1635 Market location several times.  Some of the menu items are average at best however, some items are actually quite good (Up until today I was a fan of their uptown salad).  Unfortunately, following today's meal I will likely never be back.  I ordered the Grilled Chicken and Cheddar.  Bites one and two were okay, rather tasty in fact.  However, bite three ruined it.  Inside my sandwich was a metal washer, around a half inch in diameter.  Fortunately I was not hurt and I quickly called to store to let them know.  I returned the washer to them so they could hopefully identify it and determine how it wound up in my sandwich.  They were nice enough, apologized and gave me a coupon for a free sandwich which expires in six weeks.Awful, just awful. Not only was the food horrible but the staff was just simply rude. Maybe they were having a rough day - but why ruin my lunch over it? 
The roast beef tasted old and the roll - even though it was toasted tasted like it had once been frozen. Yuck.
And - the address doesn't help you find the location. I was very late meeting a friend there because the address is misleading. I called and got attitude since I wasn't sure where they were located.Don't expect to wowed over by Potbelly's.  I don't think that you'll necessarily be disappointed either but this is not some fantastic sandwich joint by any means.
What you'll get is a decently sized, good, average sandwich at a reasonable price.  Really nothing to complain about.  The menu here is by no means huge or interesting - it covers the basics & pretty much everyone should find something they'll enjoy.
The sandwiches & salads are made to order & you're herded down the assembly line at a pretty good pace.  It was pretty busy when I visited this location, but everything moved along very steadily.
The one thing I really didn't like was the guy they had in there loudly singing with his guitar.  Annoying.  I'm at lunch.  I do not want to yell over Guitar Guy to bitch about all the BS currently going down at work, thank you very much.Agree overall with Laurel's review... basic, average sandwiches for a reasonable price. Line moves quickly, although there is a bit of confusion and I'm never quite sure if they got my order right, although they have every time so far. Soups are great, and the salads are good (nothing spectacularly creative or remarkably fresh). And the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are really, really good.
Also definitely agree that the Guitar Guy is a waste of space - I'm guessing it's part of the Potbelly's shtick, but really who needs live music during their lunch hour? Also, you could easily fit one or two tables there instead of him and all of his equipment, and help alleviate the seating problem there.
Perfect for a change of scenery if you don't feel like Quizno's or Subway, plus the seating area (minus the guitar guy) is much more inviting and homey. And, if you planned ahead, you can submit your order for this location online and skip right to the cashier for pickup.Nothing compares to "The Wreck" with everything on it. The hot peppers are full of flavor and subtle heat. It is a flavorful masterpiece of a sandwich. Visited today and service and food were top notch. I devoured this warm delight in the car! I wished they were open a bit later into the evening, is the only thing that could improve upon this wonderful establishment.i wish we had these in LA!!! Way cheaper than subway or quiznos, way yummier ingredients, and pretty decent customer service. i ordered the farmhouse salad with potbelly vinaigrette. SO GOOD! it was like a light cobb, only 420 cals. my bf got the wreck, and i was kinda jealous !Walk here from my hotel whenever I'm in town for work. Potbelly is great no matter what locations - quick, cheap and tasty!There is a wide range of reviews here, which generally signals to me that a restaurant's service and/or food quality is not consistent. I HAVE NEVER FOUND THAT TO BE THE CASE here. The sandwiches are of good quality, and line super fast. There's always seating. I can't believe fellow center city  Philadelphians haven't discovered this little gem. You get the same food as Cosi basically, at 2/3 the cost.
I think its because the name "potbelly" elicits a visual of someone with a big stomach sticking out from eating their food and that's why people avoid it. It's actually named for a kind of old fashioned stove, their food doesn't make you fat! You can even get anything on a "skinny roll" which is a thinner, less bready roll than their regular hoagie roll, wheat roll avail.
They also have BREAKFAST!!!!! the $3 Bacon Egg Lettuce Tomato sandwich is awesome, and cheaper than the food cart outside their window. I get the skinny roll, which by the way, is baked fresh on premises.
Service was always with a smile each time I go, and I am a happy camper. I pity the fools waiting in line elsewhere around the block!I've been sleeping on Potbelly. My ass has been waiting my time and money on subway. The bread was fresh as shit omg. And the meat? Bro amazing! I was mad that I didn't eat my sandwich warm. I was hungover as fuck, but once I was better the sandwich was still A1 even chilled. The milkshake was also a plus. I'll be back y'all xoxoMy wife and I stopped in this morning for breakfast. Everything with our visit was fine. Much later today, after a 4 hour car ride, my wife realized she had lost her backpack. The backpack contained her computer and other electronics, etc. We called the hotel where we had stayed and then the shop on Market St. hoping that there would be a chance that it was found. We were incredibly relived that the folks at the store had found it and set it aside knowing that someone would likely call. All too often stories like this end in disappointment.
I would sincerely like to thank the entire staff of the Philly Market St Potbelly and hope that someone from headquarters gives them a call for a job well done!
Thank you!
PeterSimply ok. Nothing more... Nothing less. The customer service was nice, but my sandwich was dry and boring. Plus, I had to create a "veggie" sandwich since it wasn't one on the menu. I had to order a mushroom melt without mushrooms :-(It's a tie between which sandwich place is better, JJ (jimmy johns or potbelly). I think you get more meat at jimmy johns and fluffier bread at potbelly.  They're about similar prices, I think there's more toppings at potbelly. I get the wreck (basically Italian) or mushroom melt (three cheese melted on mushrooms). SO GOOD!! Good lunch place or quick bite for dinner spot.  It's really close to the comcast building!Everyone here is very friendly and attentive. So great job to the staff. They do try to keep the lumch rush line moving.
However, I think I grew up spoiled by my wawa bc they always were so generous with the cold cuts. Now I find myself disappointed by the lack of meat in the sandwich here. I feel like they are short on everything: the onions, the oil, the seasoning. I just cant get my fill here! Also, I've never had a hot italian, it was always cold. Not sure how I feel about toast cold cuts...Since they closed down the one in the Gayborhood, I have made the trek over to this location a few times when I crave some potbelly.  The sandwiches in my opinion are a solid 4-5 star experience.  The service is quick, however I think it might be more friendly if I was ordering from actual robots.  Everyone there seems like they hate their job and you for making them work there.  Hence the 3 stars.  I'll go back - but I hope those people all have better days and cheer up a bit.Used the online ordering twice now, the second time being today. Very easy process, but 2 very different experiences.
First time: arrived a few minutes before my order was supposed to be ready, so no issues waiting then. Order was ready at exactly the time that I had requested it for.
Second time: get held up at work so arrive 10 minutes after my order was to be finished. Proceeded to pay and then wait another 10 minutes for them to figure out my order had somehow been lost and then rush to remake it. Meanwhile people come in to the store, order their food, receive it and pay before I get my meal. 
Honestly disappointed that the excellent service my first go-around had to be followed by a very lackluster experience today.
That being said, the sandwiches I got were fantastic, as was the soup I had today.Potbelly used to be my favorite lunch spot when they first opened this location in 2007 - and for good reason: decent sandwiches (toasted on the spot) and friendly service at a reasonable price point. Since then, they've added soups and salads, which are pretty average but they get the job done. The line can get a little long during peak lunch time, in which case beware of slower service.This is one of my go-to sandwich place if I happen not to bring lunch at work. I always get their Grilled Chicken and Cheddar with wheat bread. I love the way they cook the chicken...so juicy and less dry. They also give good amount of toppings and vegetables, which makes me feel healthy even when I eat out. The price fair and it s similar to Jimmy John or Subway's sandwiches.Wow, I'm surprised at the mixed reviews. I was kind of sad because I thought that this Potbelly had closed but realized it's the other one on Walnut Street, and this one is still here. 
About the service: Never had I had any trouble with service. Actually... I feel that service was superb each time I came with the BF.
The BF and I would come to this Potbelly on occasion for lunch. One day the BF wasn't feeling so good so I got him lunch here (and he was at home). One of the staff recognized me and asked me where my BF was (lol). We had a nice conversation and I told him the BF was sick. Another day, we came back together and coincidentally, the same staff member was in and he started joking around with us about the day I got food for my BF when he was sick. I've never had any trouble with the other staff members either.
On to the food: My fave is the A Wreck. So so good! The BF likes the Meatball sub that has marinara sauce and provolone cheese. He also likes adding mushrooms for an additional cost.
We also like to have some potato salad as a side.
The sandwiches are so good and I like how they are just so warm and yummy!!
By the way, the place could get really packed around lunch time because of the people who work nearby.
Anyways, enjoy!!We don't have these in Boston, but I know Potbelly from trips to Chicago. It's good for a quick inexpensive lunch when you're on the go. Here, they even have a few tables outside so you can people watch and catch some rays while you eat. I usually get the meatball, it's warm and melty and yummy in my tummy.Best milkshake I've ever had. Literally amazing and would recommend to anyone, they are simply the best!!I think Potbelly is a great place to get a sub.  The subs are fresh and priced about the same as either Subway or Quiznos, but I think they are far better than either of those two competitors.  I highly recommend the ham and swiss which is delicious toasted.  A lot of people just get the subs here, but you should also try the milkshakes and some of their cookies.  Both are almost equally as good as the subs.From the time that I worked around the corner from a Potbelly in 2004, I have adored their tasty sandwiches with a particular weakness for the Italian on wheat.  A few years have passed and since that time, they have added variety in offerings (salads) and sizes (skinny, original, or large for sandwiches), as well as a calorie count.  Well, after seeing the comparative calories on the chalkboard, I skipped the Italian and opted for the Turkey Sandwich and was pleased with my slightly healthier, toasted delight.  Potbelly continues to offer a solid sandwich option in my book.
Tip: you can ask for light mayo (even though it's not listed) and you should not miss the hot peppers which add a delicious kick of spice and vinegar.So good! Came to philly for work and had to try this place out. Staff is friendly, food is off the charts!! I've been twice already. The ingredients taste fresh and to die for! I also got the soup, which was perfect for the cold rainy weather. The broccoli cheeses was rich in taste. The was a beautiful bite of cheddar cheese as well as a warm broccoli aroma. It was the perfect temperature and each spoon full was a burst of yummy again and again.3.5 stars
First, I didn't know this was a chain until I saw one in D.C. a little disappointed. I only came here for breakfast and it seems it's not a popular choice. There was plenty of room and it took ages to get my oatmeal with bananas and nuts. In fact, the bananas looked like they'd seen better days. I think I skipped some ingredients because of the delay.
I'd probably try this place for a lunch time sandwich and forgive the slow service on my first visit.The roast beef with horseradish mayo and jalapeño did not disappoint.Okay so I stopped in here strictly on impulse as I'm making a greater effort to try new places. I love that the place is dimly lit. I'm not a fan of bright lights especially when I'm dining. The 2 tiered layout is interesting. They even have a wheelchair lift inside. The staff was surprisingly friendly. Could they be taking a cue from Jimmy John's?
So I ordered a pizza sandwich (pepperoni and cheese) and it suffers the same fate as subway's BLT. If I don't get vegetables the sandwich is flimsy as hell. If I do get vegetables, I don't even taste the meat because they were so stingy with it. Potbelly has some kind of special pepper concoction they use, and it really has some bite too it. The peppers and onions were some of the best I've had, but uh... it's no substitute for meat.
Since it was my first time there they let me get a free cookie (it was good). Another plus is that there were free refills AND they had raspberry Nestea in the fountain. YES! If it weren't for that, those peppers would've burned the hell outta my mouth and I'd be giving 2 stars. They have milkshakes too, but I had business to take care of I didn't want business to take care of me 30 minutes later.
Overall, the term "potbelly" doesn't have anything to do with the meat on the sandwich... at least not the pizza sandwich. It's really named after a potbelly stove. I'm gonna try this place at least 1 more time and I'm gonna get a sandwich with meat on it and see if I can't give this place 4 stars. If not, then the search for new food continues.After the potbelly in my town closed a long time ago, I was excited to find out that there was one in center city just a short walk from my office. 
My experience was decent, the employees were all friendly, the resturant was clean and I had a pretty good sandwich, but it just wasn't what I remembered. For starters, adding mushroom to your sandwich is 60 cents extra. And I recall them selling pickles on the side which I didn't see on the menu. 
I would probably go back to Potbelly, make try their "pick two" option, but it won't be at the top of my list.Not an encouraging lunch spot for Philly vegetarians.  Well, if you're down with $6 PB&J sandwiches, then you're all set, but otherwise.... meh.  I'm shocked at the brevity of veggie options available here, especially since so many other local chains do a fair job of incorporating healthy and meat-free options into their menus.  I've done the PB salad thing a couple times, but they're honestly just not that good nor worth the price (Corner Bakery's salads, right across the street, are far superior).  
It's too bad, cause Potbelly is right downstairs from my office and I would happily buy an eggplant/tomato mozzarella/veggie anything from them, but no such options exist.  For what it's worth, I've actually noticed that a bunch of people in my office tend to go meat-free for lunch (it's just a lighter way to get through the day....).  Oh well.  I don't eat at these places much anyway, but when given the choice, I'd take a Cosi sandwich over Potbelly any day.I've been meaning to try Potbelly's. Today was the day. I had lunch with my friend. We walk in and there is a line. The woman behind the counter is trying her best to keep the line moving. I order the Farmhouse salad with the Potbelly vinegarette. At some point the line is supposed to shift into sandwiches and salads. As it shifts I lose my place. So some kind of order would be nice on busy days. Taking names, roping off 2  different sections. Onto the food. The salad was good. I love Blue cheese so it was a good touch. I would have loved to have croutons but because the woman in front of me ordered hers with out I think I got mine without also. Not a big problem but if there was more structure to the line it may not have happened. I will go back hopefully not on a busy day and have a sandwich.Seriously, this is just a kind of fancier subway.  I thought it would be hard core sandwiches and things.  They were yummy and all, but not what i thought it would be.I had not gone back to pot belly as I did not like it - but we had a corporate luncheon catered from there today and a few things seem to have improved:
1.  The chopped salad with cranberries and walnuts was not too bad (I'd get it without onions in future).
2.  The meatball sandwiches arrived hot and the sandwich boxes (Box 'o sammies) were cute and well organized with a variety of sandwiches.  If I ever go to potbelly again I'm getting the meatball sub.
3.  The dark chocolate chip cookies seemed to be freshly-baked - albeit a bit greasy (butter or margaine?) - they were DELISH.
Much improved.My experience here was awesome. The service was possibly the best casual fast food dine in experience I've ever had. Awesome staff.Wooo Hoo!! Potbelly's!! It just can't get better than this place!!!
Excellent subs, it doesn't matter which one you get, they're all tremendous! They're very very reasonably priced and the shakes are seriously to die for. I usually get either the Wreck or the Italian Sub with everything. I get the macaroni salad and an oreo or vanilla shake and my week is totally made! 
Seriously, if you want incredible lunchtime food at a great price, you really gotta get it HOT!It's not as good as I'd hoped nor as bad as I'd feared.
Potbelly is a fast-food sandwichs chain with decent prices and an EXTREMELY limited menu.
I had a Chicken Salad salad that was passable.  I had them add artichoke hearts and remove the dried cranberries.
Though I am not thrilled I prefer it to Quizno's and Subway.
Line moved quickly and servers were well trained and fairly friendly.  (But THAT's because they are new.) I am certain that quality will diminish over time, as most fast food places (and manicure joints) do.The idea of writing a review about a place for the primary purpose of saying that you don't have much to say about that place is damn near the textbook definition of Waste of Time, but I'm already in too deep.
Basically, I go to Potbelly because of the following reasons, in greatly increasing order of importance: 1) the sandwiches/ingredients are decent tasting and filling without being gross 2) the food is inexpensive and 3) this place is two blocks from my work. I'm of the opinion that Center City is slim pickings as far as good food is concerned, so most of the time, it's either this, walking ten blocks in the freezing cold to Reading Terminal, or packing my own lunch like a sixth grader every day. If invention is the daugher of necessity, Potbelly's is the red-headed step-child that lives in the closet.This review pertains to the catering: boxes of hoagies, including a delicious hummus, artichoke, cucumber vegetarian option.  The bread overpowers, but I still enjoyed it.  Timely delivery.
Most importantly, the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are so gooey and delicious I couldn't stop at one.  
Now I know why it's called Potbelly.Back when I was in Chicago for college, my friends and I would often stop by Potbelly Sandwich Works for a quick bite to eat. Offering delicious sandwiches, Potbelly's 'Wreck' would always hit the spot. So when I moved to Philly, I was thrilled to see several outposts. While the one near Midtown Village closed last year, there's another right in between work and home. So it was the perfect spot for a midweek lunch with the GF.
One thing that's different between the college days back in the previous decade and now - Potbelly's now 'super-sizes!' Offering Bigs, these mammoth versions of the original are truly 30% bigger. You can also opt for double the meat. But being that I needed to return to work, I opted to get just a 'Big' without double the meat. 
The Wreck ($6.60)
Salami, roast beef, turkey, ham, swiss cheese
Just as I remember it. The bread is perfectly toasted and crusty. The Italian meats are savory and salty, complemented by the subtle hints of cheese from the Swiss. The mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, and sweet peppers are perfect complements for this melange of flavors. 
Grilled Chicken ($6.20) 
The GF had a sandwich filled with moist chunks of grilled chicken. The mayo wasn't over the top in this sandwich, so the other flavors of the sandwich weren't drowned out.
Potbelly Sandwich Works isn't fine dining to be sure. But they offer a great sandwich for an affordable price. And the Center City location has plenty of seats and a bunch of options for every palate. Be sure to check it out!This place is good, would recommend if sick of eating Subway all the time.Got lunch from here for the first time in a while.
Tell me why I asked for "no cheese" in my salad about 5 times and there is cheese in my salad. The lettuce is old and is more pink than green. For $8 there are plenty of better places to go for lunch. Not coming back.Assembly line sandwich making at it's not so finest. follow the line of breads, meats + cheese, condiments, and soup. Pay towards the end and maybe you'll get a cookie if your feeling extra adventurous. Potbelly is a more fanciful version of Subway, but only really in the meat and bread. Grant it the soup is there, but it's some of the worst I've had! If you ask me I'd rather sink my teeth into a $5 foot long.
And now that jingles stuck in your head. Huzzah!Move on to something else.  
This place really looked promising when I came in.  Looks like an old-style eatery in the decor.  When I got up to the counter,  i could barely hear the person because there is so much mechanical noise.  There was one woman working the counter and when a guy opened the door from the back looked at the one woman trying to help six customers, he just shut the door ignored us and went back to believing that customers aren't important.
I ordered the chicken salad. When it is done right, it is fantastic.  Too much to hope for at this place. The chicken salad was disappointingly uninspired and almost flavorless.  I added salt and pepper and choked it down.
The place wasn't clean, tables wrecked, the floor dirty, even the trays up at the register were filthy and at 3 in the afternoon, there isn't an excuse other than they just don't give a F.