Great food, especially for brunch, but the professionalism and customer service is starting to go downhill. I called to put in an order for pick up and I was on hold for almost 15 minutes while I could hear the staff casually having a conversation in the background. A man then came on the phone and asked me to call back in 10 minutes and I had to tell him that I would be taking my business elsewhere.Food was amazing! Staff was attentive! Such a cute place for girls night. I recommend everyone to support this black-owned business. Not to mention Black-owned woman business. I was in awe that the owner was actually cooking my food. To even be more impressed with the fact the food was so good. Def will be back.The food was so good I believe the best comfort food I had in a very long time. The staff were very nice and friendly just the atmosphere was a real laid-back to my liking two thumbs up to pretty girls can cook. Definitely will be going back!!!!!!!!!!!My first time certainly not my last food was delicious had the dirty Diana and the grilled cheese both good choices....atmosphere nice sexy decor service was greatI came to the restaurant from a suggestion of a friend. I arrived and waited in from as two cooks and two servers looked at me for 5min, a concession I gave because I wanted to support a Black business, and was never acknowledged. Bad business.Had brunch with my niece and great-niece on Sunday. The service was great and the food was amazing. Can't wait to go back.Food and service was amazing! If you go for brunch get the wake and bake! You won't be disappointed!RUDE. came in with a group of friends and sat myself because unlike other bars there wasn't a hostess at the front so I figured we should seat ourselves. As we took our seats one of the help RUDELY approached us saying "did you not see the sign" unfortunately we didn't. She then in a snarky tone asked us "do you did this everywhere you go?" I was taken aback by the comment considering the fact I've dined at some of the finest and not so finest places in the area and have never been asked such a question. My friends and I then waited to be seated in the SAME EXACT spots we originally sat at. After being seated our waitress then handed us our menus and told us abruptly that they closed @ 9 ('meanwhile it was 830) we asked if that meant they we weren't going to be able to eat our meals? She then said that we would be able to eat our meals in a rude and not welcoming manner as if she wanted us to leave so she could be done her shi so I'm truthfully and honestly confused as to what was the point of telling us this if you were still going to serve us? I'm honestly disgusted with the service that I received and it saddens me because I was so excited to come to this establishment.Small portion sizes and food is only sub par. Music is too loud and overall not worth it for a second visit.I've been trying to go to this place for weeks. Finally had a chance to do so and I was not disappointed. I went with my co worker. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It was sooo good, my only wish was that it was a bigger portion because I was starving but I enjoyed every bit of it. My friend had an omelet which she also enjoyed a lot. Our waitress was very sweet and efficient. I ordered some pancakes to go. They were perfect. Best pancakes ever  I cant wait to go back for Brunch.These ladies can cook!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mercy!!!!!! Excellent!!!!! I don't know what else to say more. The portions are a bit small but I don't even care. The taste is exceptional.Overall good dining experience. The menu was American with a gourmet flair with healthy yet rich ingredients. The atmosphere was eclectic and interesting.  I would recommend for a different and tasty dining experience.My twin and I wanted to try a new black owned business today for brunch. We came across Pretty Girls Cafe. It's a small establishment but the aesthetic and food were boom! My twin had "The Classic Jawn" and I had the "Crazy Crab Omelete". Both were seasoned very well and very good! The ambience and music were great, along with all the black women displayed throughout the walls. We will be back! Only thing, I do recommend making a reservation for Sunday brunch.Went here a few weeks ago. I was very impressed with the look and feel of the estiraba. Waitress was very nice and attentive. Food was a great. I will definitely will be coming back.I went to Pretty Girls Cook yesterday (8/12/18) with my friends and it was absolutely amazing and delicious. The food was simply amazing and so good. The staff was attentive, helpful and joyful. My friends and I enjoyed the decor and the owner Dominique took the time to speak to us and made us feel very comfortable and welcome. I will recommend this place to any and everyone! #SupportBlackBusinessesToday was my 3rd visit to PGC. This time my mother and I  had brunch. I had The Better Breakfast Sandwich and she had the Shrimp and Grits. I don't eat grits or shrimp, but she said it was delicious. She was hesitant about the tomatoes in the sauce but she said it was really flavorful and a bit spicy. The grits were creamy and cheesy and the shrimps weren't jumbo but big and they weren't skimpy with them. My breakfast sandwich was delicious. The croissant was buttery, the eggs were light and cooked perfectly. Not too soft but done enough. I usually eat pork bacon, and I was disappointed that they didn't have any - but the turkey bacon on my sandwich and the bacon topped on my moms grits was tasty and had a great texture. I felt okay with the usually. Can't wait to go back and enjoy the food (and watch my homegirl sing Karaoke on Thursdays) again. The last times I ate here, I had the Grilled Cheese; the meat in it was flavorful and tender. Probably get that again next time, (judge ya mom). I love supporting black owned businesses, and besides it being super cute, the wait staff and owner are friendly and inviting.I never heard of this place until my uncle suggested we have lunch here. I'm glad we did I had the dirty Diana sandwich it was really good served with my favorite crinkle fries I was happy. I took my dessert a strawberry shortcake parfait to go . Tried it when I got home it was delicious unlike anything I've ever had I'd go back for that alone. It is a little small and I could stand the music lower. Our server was attentive & friendly. I will be a repeat customerFood was delicious the Crab omelette was amazing! Clean and friendly staff. Easy parking. Will definitely be back soon!My favorite new restaurant in Philly. There's nothing here that isn't amazingly tasty and good!!! I think I'm addicted.This place is super cute, but the chairs aren't functional. If you have hips or thighs, you'll find them really uncomfortable. 
But the food is pretty good. I had the Brussels sprouts minus the bacon & they were tasty. For my entree I had the salmon and rice. The salmon was perfectly cooked and the rice was really flavorful. 
My brunch companion had the macaroni appetizer and scampi, both were delicious. I'll definitely be back.BEST BRUNCH IVE EVER HAD! I had the wake n bake but with veggie sausage and no bacon! I literally had to ask the chef to double check that the sausage was vegetarian because it tasted so real! The aesthetic and the scenery is super cute, it's black owned and run, and the playlist was so black and upbeat! This is a great place with fantastic food.This might be my new favorite place to go. It's a little far from my home, but I am so happy I made the travel. Food is great, atmosphere is awesome, and the people who work there are so nice. They don't make you feel awkward or out of place. Try their lemonade omg it is so good. Lastly, I appreciated when I gave them a call they let me know ahead of time it was byob.This is the worst experience I've had dining in a while. I have no words to describe the unfriendliness and slow service I'm experiencing. Won't be back. An hour wait for appetizers that are sure to come with dinner. Pretty rude. Won't be back to experience dinner. Sad. Tried to support.I had friends tell me how good the food was here so I came with 4 friends. I walked in and no one was in the restaurant and there wasn't a hostess at the front just a girl in a light pink hoody sitting in the back on her phone paying no attention to her job. Apparently there was a sign at the front saying "please wait to be seated" but the person who was supposed to be sitting customers was on her phone in the back. Me and my friends sat down and the apparent "hostess/ server" rolled her eyes and said "y'all ain't see my sign!?" we said we apologize no one was upfront so we thought we sat ourselves and she came upfront and sat  us at the same table we originally sat at and said "y'all do that at every restaurant y'all go to " .. then when she sat us with menus she sat back down on our phone and it was 5 minutes until she came up and took out order while we watched her on her phone ... the food ended up being decent but it doesn't matter how good your food is if your service is terrible and your employees are ignorant . I work in the business and didn't even want to tip her ignorant, evil, unfriendly selfA wonderful place to get together with friends and enjoy a beautiful and delicious brunch! Remember to BYOB for your Mimosa'sAmazing atmosphere. Great menu selection and food.... very geared toward empowering women, especially women of color. I'm going at least once a weekMy children and our friends helped celebrate my birthday at the restaurant and it was one of the most delightful experiences. The place is so inviting and the waitress was very attentive. The food was great and the whole experience was just wonderful. I will definitely be back. I loved the decor.With it being my first time there, the service was horrible. I went to meet my sister for brunch. The waitress that we had presented herself with an attitude the entire time. She did not greet us, when asked a question she mumbled under her breath and walked away. She did not ask us how was everything or if we even needed anything else. The tip that we left her surely showed how we felt about her service. The food was done and put out for her to bring to the table; it took for me to ask her about the food, for her to bring it to us(30 min later). The restaurant has such a nice atmosphere with good food, it's a shame that someone like her had to disappoint our first experience. Not eager to return at all.So I went this past Saturday and prior to going we made a reservation for 4pm. When we arrived they informed us that they didn't get our reservation but ironically has a party of 15 there arriving after us at 5p and would be closing the kitchen down for this party from 5p-7p. We sat down anyway and they honored our reservation but rushed us due to the party happening at 5p. 
SERVICE 
now we started off wrong with them trying to say they didn't get our reservation but I really believe they took the 15 party reservation after ours and hoped we didn't show and gave us the " we didn't get your reservation " excuse.
There was one waitress for the restaurant it seemed because there was one young lady in proper attire. They appeared to be another waitress serving the party of 15 but we couldn't tell because she was wearing street clothes and she baseball cap ..Due to the tables being so small but the decor so big table space was limited and our waitress didn't clear our table and we were often left with our drink glasses emptied. The chef and owner walked up to us once seeing we were looking for our waitress and brought us a bottle of water to refill all of our own glasses. We weren't given condiments and had to request them ( ketchup ) which was cold and appeared to have been in the One of my friends even ordered a to go entree and requested it  separately and that was brought out before our main dishes in a to go Bag. When asked for the separate check the waitress stated that she added to the entire check and would be unable to separate it ( no explanation given). Eventually after asking the waitress stated at the end when we received the final check that she was able to separate it but they are normally not allowed. 
DECOR
Let's talk decor it is very nice decor and looks so cute and right out of home goods loved it but it's not realistic or workable. WARNING if you are not a size 4 you can not eat and dine in comfortably which is such a disservice to this great place. It's bar stool and bar table top seating . The place is very small so a table of 5 we were very crammed due to all the nice decor on the small table. 
My friend is a size 12 but has a nice size back side and she struggled to sit comfortably in the small hard copper chairs and we kicked one another under that table often. If you have any hips or are plus size you may want to get your food to go for you need two seats to make a seat to hold you entire bottom.  n elderly person or handicap person would struggle to dine in here with this type of seating. There was not enough space to place our bags or pocketbooks etc
NOT handicap/elderly friendly. Regulars seats should be available for all ages and body types.
THE FOOD 
the food delish I must say. I had the island burger which was a homemade juicy burger with crab meat and shrimp on the burger. I would have preferred the shrimp to he fried for s different contrast but it was still nose size shrimp and tasty. For my appetizer I ordered mussels which were delish but due to standing to eat due to my leg falling asleep due to the small bar stool it was not the ideal way I wanted to enjoy my mussels. The Brussels sprouts were delishhhh. Love the food and would like to try more but would only order to go‼Omg!!! Let's talk about this place Pretty Girls Can Cook... When you walk into this place the decor is hits you soon as you walk in.  From the walls with the most powerful women, The fancy gold chairs, pink phone and fridge (too cute) to the beautiful waitress and cooks.  The food was oh so delicious we all enjoyed our food. My cousin and i had the California Love which is chicken and waffles, aunt has the crab omelette and cheese grits (delicious) yes I had to try it and my other cousin had grits and veggie sausage.  Please go and check my Sista's out they doing the damn thing with style and grace.  Oookkkkkuuurrrrrr lolAlright folks here we go. So I made reservations and came early.  Immediately was sat and presented menus.  It's was on a Sunday there was also a large party to the right,  restaurant was at max capacity. The food was delicious and presented itself well.  Very very very tasty,  grits are really good,  beef bacon cooked well NOT pork  major plus.  My sister had chicken and waffles. Peach tea was good, music was great and large windows very clean.  A few reasons I couldn't give it 5 stars.  It was a Sunday and the waitress made it very clear that it's normally busy.  There was not enough staff to handle the crowd.  Although we sat right away we waited way to long for our orders to be place and brought to us.  The bar was packed and customers needed checks and were ready to leave but there wasn't enough staff.  Also only one lady was cooking. Definitely need 2 cooks for the volume thats there. 2. The seat. I understand it's a cute girly vibe however,  the seats are like  cute bar stools that would be in a ladies club house.  Fellas your won't comfortably enjoy your meal.  Unless your 5'3 and 100 pounds otherwise you can't sit if your a average adult,  gotta change the chairs.  The last downside is location. It has to be on the tightest 1way Philly has to offer.  No parking whatever so ever.  Now technically thats a city or neighborhood problem however your advising a service to the people so now it's a marketing and customer flow problem.  It would do way better in a better location. As good as the food is I Unfortunately can't return until they provide a chair  I can sit in. My experience wasn't enjoyable because we all kept moving around in the  bar stools. But AMAZING TASTY FOOD.  If your local order out.First time visiting here tonight. It was a Wednesday evening so there was a no wait.  Love the decor in the restaurant! Real roses at the tables. Cute chairs. Walls covered with powerful women. Simple but elegant decor. Server was polite & made sure to check up on us. I ordered the Island Gal Burger it was great! All the seafood on the burger (crab meat & shrimp) was fresh & cooked to perfection! The burger was however pretty messy. The lemonade is amazing as well.Okay so let me start off with the feeling I got when I walked in..it was small but cozy. For a small business, it wasn't bad but pictures make it look bigger. The rose gold decor? Loved it. Owned by/serviced by mostly women of color? LOVED IT! However, the chairs are a little uncomfortable, the bar stools more specifically. 
Now, onto the food. I had the crab omelette and the hashbrown casserole. The omelette? When they said JUMBO LUMP CRAB, they were NOT playing. A piece of crab in every bite. It tasted fresh too. The hashbrown casserole took them a good 20 mins to bring out but it was delish. The BYOB fee, I wasn't expecting that but I guess. 
Ultimately, it was a good experience. I'll be back but for lunch and/or dinner.My new favorite! Great customer service and hospitality. The food is unbelievable a twist of Soul Food mixed with American. Large portions and reasonable pricing.Customer service is just horrible. We walked in and it was empty; ladies (employees) singing and hanging at the bar. The young lady that sat us came over to tell us half the menu was unavailable that day then left, didn't offer us a drink. No one came over or even acknowledged to help and at this point who needs to deal with that when there's literally hundreds of other places in Philly. It was a shame. We left and went to eat at the Amish Eating Place in the Terminal Market...now that food was BOMB.We had a large party. Service was not great and they added a 25% gratuity. Food was good but I will not come back. I do not agree to pay for subpar service. We had to ask over and over for water...mind you the air was barely working and it's 90 plus degrees outside. The table was never cleared off prior to the sever bringing out the birthday cake. The place is cute but not for me.The food is DELICIOUS  I had the ladies love salmon.  I loved everything about this food.  It was fresh, hot, and a very nice size portion.  The service was EXCELLENT. The only thing I didn't like was the chairs. They're not too comfortable.  Great music and atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.The brunch was so good, I just had to try the dinner! TUESDAY NIGHT DINNER 
OMG  WHEN I SAY Delicious y'all we must support BLACK SMALL BUSINESSES!! I never had Brussels spouts and they were absolutely amazing! My turkey burger  was fresh loaded with crab meat and topped with medium sized Shrimp  NOT your "regular" JAWN  Y'all better go there and eat BRUNCH & DINNER ‼  BIG SHOUTOUT TO DOM THE COOK ‍/ OWNER @prettygirlscook 
#shelovesfood 
#supportblackbusiness 
#phillygrub 
#goodeats 
#yelp 
#tuesdaydinner 
#dinnerwithbae
#islandburger 
#mussels 
#thaiwings 
#shrimpscampi 
#brusselsproutsI love it here! The decor is awesome, the food is GREAT! I have been here on a date, with family and with a group and each time was wonderful. The food is pretty phenomenal! My favorite is probably the shrimp and grits, they are so well seasoned and you get a very nice portion. You will definitely get full. The crazy crab omelette is banging', so are the Thai wings, and the Wake & Bake. Everything here is delicious, just writing about is making me hungry all over again. Ans the names of the orders are super cute, the Candy Girl Cakes, California Love, The Philly Jawn and the Patti Approved Pita Pocket (which is so darn good and filling, i couldn't even eat it all in one sitting). Parking was not an issue, there's street parking and it's easily accessible by public transportation. Thinking about ordering takeout now.....!This place is amazing. The food was fresh and the flavor was so robust. The Sinful Salmon is a grilled cheese sandwich full of salmon, spinach and pepper jack cheese. I was concerned about cranberries in the rice but it added to the unique flavor! The atmosphere is fun and inviting. The staff had great customer service and there was even fresh flowers on the tables. They have karaoke on Thursday's I will make sure to check that out the next time I am in Philly.Now the reason i give this place 2-stars is for two reasons CUSTOMER SERVICE & a personal opinion on the gratuity. Let's start with the positives:
PGC is a great concept and executed well- decor is cute, space is small (emphasis on small) and quaint. It's cool if you are more interested in ambience and good food. I recently went for brunch to celebrate a friends birthday, we were on the larger side for a reserved party so we ordered almost one of everything on the menu- you can imagine what the bill came to be. No one complained about their food so that was a major plus. i personally had the shrimp and grits and although i could tell the fish was most likely frozen it wasn't the worst I've ever had.. the grits were good (not as hot as I would have liked) but it wasn't a reason to complain. A few other food compliments I heard were for the Shrimp and grits, the crab omelette, sweet potato and salmon hash, and the potatoes. Good job Chefs.  A cool aspect is that you can watch the cooks prepare your food as the cooking station is open and repurposed as a breakfast bar. They played good music too. 
Our service was terrible- there was one server who reportedly held a bad attitude since our group arrived. The reservation was for 9 people but 10 people ending up coming out to celebrate. for some reason the establishment would not accommodate providing an additional chair due to "it being their busy time" (there were PLENTY) of open chairs bc it wasn't busy, "not wanting to take chairs from the bar" and other excuses they came up with. The waiter was especially unprofessional as her demeanor was aggressive and she acted like she didn't care to serve our group. While distributing drinks her approach was "who got a lemonade? who had a tea?" As a server, protocol is that you remember who ordered what and distribute it accordingly. Anywho, I arrived a little later than the rest of the group (i was the one without a chair)& ultimately sat for over an hour without a drink or having our food orders taken. I finally called the waiter over to ask for a drink and to ask if they would accommodate one more chair per the response of the manager/owner. With an attitude and eye roll the girl responded, "no. she never told yall she would bring the chair. she said she would see what she could do but she never said she was bringing y'all another chair." when asked when someone was going to come over and give us a full and true answer she again responded. " well she can't come out on the  floor so if you want you can sit at the bar but we not bringing out another chair." Well this caused a firestorm. to shorten the story, about 30 min later someone of authority came over to the table to smooth things out- one of my friends left eliminating the need for an additional chair. The woman assigned a new waiter (who was much better, so thank you) but this did not come without confrontation between the rude girl and one of my friends from the group. There was a loud and public argument between the two- very distasteful all around. 
Once we had the new waiter, tensions eased and things got better. But my personal opinion was for the gratuity  included on the bill. a whopping 20%. Now i consider myself a good tipper and the good waiter did deserve to be rewarded but I think they should reconsider this included fee given the inexperienced workers they have, 15-18% is more acceptable as this is a far cry from fine dining where the servers deserve 20% as they are TRAINED correctly. They say never discount your worth but you also have to be real. That is a bit much in my opinion. now had we kept the rude waiter, she wouldn't have gotten a penny from me.
A note to the manager/ owner of this establishment: This isn't your first negative customer service review. While your food is good, it's not that good where people will return if they're treated like trash and expected to pay you and KEEP YOUR BUSINESS IN SERVICE. I'd hate to see a minority owned business fall to terrible service. Please fix it.Sigh...I hate to leave this review but I have to support my Yelp community and stay true to my values in providing honest feedback about restaurants/food,etc. My boyfriend and I have monthly date nights where we try out different restaurants around Philadelphia. I haven't seen my boyfriend for a month so I was very excited and very hungry. We decided to support a black owned business and was referred to this restaurant by my boyfriend's fraternity brother. Upon entering the restaurant we waited for about 5 minutes before someone came over and said to us please wait for the host to be seated. We did and waited an additional 10 minutes before a host came over to tell us that our table should be ready. Within the 10 mins I was ready to go but my boyfriend said that we were here so we might as well wait. Anyway we finally got seated. The restaurant is cute more or a lounge feel though and you can tell it is a new restaurant as there are areas where it look me as if they are still unpacking. Anyway this restaurant is a BYOB however there is a $5 cork fee which is not bad and pretty standard. The menu items didn't flow properly and it was not much variety. I kind of felt the menu was all over the place in terms of the type of food being offered. We ordered basic options which were the salmon and rice entree and shrimp pasta entree. The food was not restaurant quality... my boyfriend had to take his food back because his rice was hard and inedible. My shrimp pasta was definitely something I could've made in my kitchen and had a weird taste. Maybe their brunch is good but I will not be back for dinner. The customer service was ok I guess. Also the cook is a male and not a pretty girl.Ok so I was trying to decide if I wanted to head to the Airport or get something to eat after my awful visit here  for the Atlanta Falcon v/s Eagles game so I called my lil sis Necie Armstrong who offered to tell me good recommendations to eat from a previous visit and she says The place was called " Pretty Girls Cook " and she describes how cute it is and the name already got me smiling then I say ok that's all great but this pretty girl wants to know how's the food well I think I found the last tiny corner of love In this mean old city of Brotherly Hate Rachel ,Shaleen ,Amirrah were three lovely ladies who took great care of me and made me feel welcome and were extremely friendly. Rachel makes the best Lemonade on the planet and baby girl recommended the island Gurl Burger omg it was deliciousness a double decker with crab and shrimp and your choice of beef or Turkey with a special sauce yaaaaaas I took a bite out of Heaven and melted in the seat  the decor was everything copper accents and high bar chairs and purse hooks yaaaaaaaS a pink Refrigerator and old school phone and the powerful women wallpaper my girl did that the owner was there but her presence and uttermost diva presence was felt through the building. I'd come back to Philly just to eat here! Support these powerful beautiful sisters making moves in Philadelphia you won't regret it ! The food is amazing !My Daughters just brought me a platter of Shrimp Scampi with Grilled Chicken which I was so excited to get. Unfortunately after reading all the reviews, hearing the complaints of my Daughters and then tasting the Food I probably will never GO. The Food was extremely over seasoned and Very Very Overpriced. Such an UnfortunateI never got a chance to taste the food! I was with a party of 10. The food came out staggered, 4 meals were first; shrimp and grits, 10 mins. later 2 meals came out; French toast sandwiches, 5-10 mins after that 3 meals came out; 2 crab omelets and 1 chicken & waffle. 
I ordered a crab omelet, it did not come. After the waitress stop talking to her co-worker I asked about my food. She said, "it would be out in 3 minutes." Needless to say 3 mins. came and went. Then she came over again and said, " your food is coming out I promise." By the time my food came out, I turned it down and informed her I no longer wanted the food. The party of 9 I was with had finished eating already. Bad experience, never again!Just tried Pretty Girls Cook for the first time and I'm soo happy I did!!! I had the salmon and rice and all I'm in love with it.
I can't wait to try something else .
I'm just sorry that I couldn't remember the actual name of the dish. And the next time I get it, I'm going to try it with the shrimp.I totally enjoyed this place. The food was great and the service was pleasant. I meant take a picture before enjoying it- cant was to have it later!!!!!The food and service were spot on. The shrimp and grits were perfect.  My new favorite eatery.  The decor is beautiful  and inspiring.Nice, friendly service with a smile. Delicious food. Visiting Philly and found PGC on Yelp. I had the Candy Girl Cakes, big buttermilk pancakes - fluffy on the inside, crispy on the outside. Just sweet enough with a sprinkle of confectioners sugar. Washed down with a glass of fresh OJ, I was plenty full for the rest of the day. My only regret is I was too early for those awesome looking shrimp and grits.Definitely a must try place, these ladies can cook. We stopped here for breakfast one Saturday based on other Yelp reviews, we were not disappointed. 
 We sat the counter which gave us the perfect view to see them preparing and cooking the dishes. Everything was very clean. 
It was a little delay in taking our orders, one of the chefs acknowledged that and made sure someone came over to take our order. 
We got the shrimp & grits and the chicken & waffles, both were soooo good with ample portions.  That was the best chicken breast I ever had!
I highly recommend this place.This is a really cute little restaurant. It's decorated nicely. Definitely 5 stars for the food...I had the Aquarius Jawn (shrimp and grits) and my sister had the California Love (chicken and waffles). Both were delicious. Everything was seasoned well without being overly seasoned or salty. I would patronize this business again solely based on the food. 
There are some things that could use improvement:
There's no greeter or hostess when you walk in and you can't seat yourself. You're basically standing at the door just waiting. We ended up sitting at the bar. The bar faces the cooks, but they never acknowledge the guests. It's awkward and a little rude. When it came time to order, we tried to order the Wake and Bake and were informed that they didn't have all of the ingredients to make it. That was unfortunate. Finally, the music...loud rap with profanity that eventually transitioned into all Beyoncé. It was a great playlist for the car or home but not for a restaurant.When looking for brunch on Sunday, I usually filter my choices by "full bar" because I like to start off the day with a mimosa or two. Well, this past Sunday was a no mimosa day.  Pretty Girls Cook popped up on my list.  My girlfriend and I decided to give them a chance based on the menu on Yelp and the pictures on their website.  Really glad that we did.  We were able to find a parking space across the street.  We were seated promptly at the counter when we arrived and greeted immediately by our server.  There wasn't anything on the menu that I didn't want to try.  But I finally settled on the shrimp and grits and my girlfriend had a french toast breakfast sandwich.  The presentation was nice and the food was full of flavor.  The sweet tea and lemonade were both down home delicious.  Our drinks were promptly refilled when emptied.  The server was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed.  The cooks were in the zone and very focused on the food they were preparing.  Will definitely be back with a bottle since they are a BYOB.  I highly recommend them and hope the word gets out and their clientele continues to grow.So I've heard alot of good things about PGC, and I finally got the chance to experience it for myself. My sister & I decided to go for brunch since we were in the area and was pretty excited. First coming in we were greeted by one of the waiters who was nice and sweet. We decided to sit at the bar since it was empty. The first thing we noticed was that none of the cooks with hair had on hair nets or gloves. The owner herself was cooking and didnt have neither on. No gloves were worn while dipping the toast into the french toast batter which I found very unsanitary. That's something you do in the comfort of your home, not when you are serving the public! I noticed that the oil they were frying bacon, potatoes, chicken and french toast in was extremely dark. So that definitely needed to be changed. The customer services was non existing outside of the grill cook and the waitress. ( I believe the grill cook name was Ty) They were the only ones who was attentive, personable and offered smiles. A smile goes a long way! Now when it comes to the food, I throughly enjoyed my food. I had the Aquarian Jawn, the veggie sausages and scrambled cheese eggs. Everything was really good. The shrimp and grits were some of the best I've had in a long time. My sister had pancakes and beef bacon which was tasty as well. The decor is really cute but the stool/chairs are pretty uncomfortable. Overall my experience wasn't too bad but I feel like if they work on their customer service skills it could be absolutely better!Our first visit for my pre birthday brunch and it was great. The atmosphere was great! Great decor and friendly staff. The food was really good, well seasoned and presented well. They put our wine in a pretty holder and gave us nice stemware. All around great experience. I'll definitely be back!I was just here with one of my gfs a few hours ago and I loved it! We got there when they first happened so we were seated quickly and were able to choose a spot. The waiter was very knowledgeable and helped us with the menu. She got a grilled salmon cheese with fries and I got the Dorothy Dandridge which is the Salmon Sandwich with fries! It was very good and so was the sauce they put on the sandwich. I ordered the iced tea and that was very good as well. I would def go back and for brunch next time!The first word of description I can think for the food at Pretty Girls Cook is Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Everything I ate there tonight was so delicious! I ordered the brussel sprouts to start and the salmon for my entree.  The brussel sprouts were so flavorful and prepared the way I like them, cooked with a bite to them. Some places overcook vegetables but these were outstanding. My perfectly cooked salmon dish was accompanied with this great rice. I could have used more spinach but the spinach I had was also delectable. My only hazard is for the folks like myself that have hips on the wider side, the seats are not comfortable. They are gorgeous to look at but sitting in them was uncomfortable. Our server, Sabrina was outstanding though and she made the discomfort bearable. Also the fact that the walls are an homage to Black women's excellence makes you just want to soak up that great energy. If they had half stars I would take half for the seats but since they hit all the best notes with food and service including prompt check resolution*, I have to give the 5 star treatment. To top off our meal my husband and I had the cheesecake bites. Hubby was disappointed at first that they weren't fried. Instead they were 6 small pieces of 3 types of cheesecake, mocha, strawberry and plain. It was the perfect amount to share after a filling meal. I will definitely return. I think I want to try the waffled mac&cheese on my next visit. Next SisterDinnering date with my Good Sisters, here we come! 
*I dislike it when some places keep you hostage by not giving you your check in a timely manner.This establishment definitely met my expectations. The food was delicious and the decor was thoughtful. It was more pricier than I was gonna expecting, though. Either way the food was worth it. I got the Shrimp Scampi with substituting my protein for salmon. The salmon was deliciously grilled. It was the first time in a while that I didn't have to reach for the salt and pepper! I will be back to try their brunch.In Philly for the weekend with my partner, and glad I ended the weekend with such a good brunch! We came in and were seated. The service was good and the food was delicious. I had the aquarian jawn and my partner had the candy cake pancakes. Both was well seasoned, and big portions for the price. The place is BYOB, so not bottomless options, but they had basis lemonade and iced tea. The things that were setbacks were the service and the seating. The seating is not preferred for thick people with small golden stools only. Was half-seated and standing the whole time. And the service was delayed, I think only because there weren't enough help for the people there. Black-owned and woman-owned so it was already a place I wanted to support. Would come back again for dinner or lunch when I'm in town!I really loved the aesthetic of the restaurant. The walls are covered with beautiful and successful women from all around the world and the furniture they chose matches well with everything else inside.  I went here with my girlfriends on a Sunday for Brunch and we could not get enough of the place. I had the Wake and Bake breakfast sandwich and it was so delicious. Also the juices are homemade, which I love (lemonade was my favorite)! The servers are also very nice and make it their priority to assure that you are having a swell time. Their prices are not bad as well. If you ask me, PGC is a great place to go get some yummy food!Love everything about Pretty Girls Cook! The atmosphere is great! Keya, our sever provided excellent service. This place has a chill atmosphere with chill accompanying music. The food came out quick. The Classic Jawn was delicious and hot. The fish was fried to perfection. The grits were cheesy and the sautéed peppers added the perfect flavor. The Aquarius Jawn was good as well. It had a smoky spicy flavor and cheesy! California Love was great. The fried chicken breast had a crisp and delicious taste. The waffle was soft and sweet. The lemonade was sweet. Everything was delicious! I will come again!Good food, cute spot! Didn't have to wait. I tried the shrimp & grits, the grits were kind of oily, but still good.Truly an amazing culinary experience!! Had the pleasure of trying several things on the menu & they all were DELICIOUS! The Thai wings, Island Gal turkey burger, dirty Diana grilled cheese & last but certainly not least ,the PGC salad which had my taste buds dancing in delight! Lastly, the customer service is impeccable which is the driving force if there's a wait!!!! I hope to experience their weekend brunch very soon!!!!  A must try for anyone that has an eclectic palate....This Place is a little slice of heaven hidden in a quaint, unassuming Philly neighborhood block. My good friend brought my husband and I here for my birthday after a HORRIBLE experience at a different black owned spot in town (they shall remain nameless as I'll give them a negative review later). We entered with ZERO expectations because we were so jaded by the disgusting service we just left. However,  the owner greeted us and was very pleasant, our waiter was awesome and extremely helpful and the food was on point. I love the warmth that we felt being there. You can actually SEE your food being prepared and it's not Waffle house tacky. The decor is uniquely chic, with a side of tradition. I thoroughly enjoyed our time here and we WILL be back. 
If I had to complain about anything it would be the chairs. Eh.... I'm a thick woman so the back of my thighs were SCREAMING by the time we were ready to leave,  a small sacrifice, but my tummy was full and satisfied. BRAVO luvs.... you're providing a stellar product. Please keep up the magnificent work.This was my first time here! It's a small really cute spot! I found parking down the street. We got a seat at the bar but that was okay as you can see them prepare the food right in front of you. It was Sunday so I excepted a crowd. The wait wasn't long because there was space at the bar which cool. 
When we first walked in I noticed that the music seemed way to loud as I couldn't initially hear our small conversation before taking our seats. The restaurant decor is eye catching clean and unique!! 
I had to get the attention of the waitress to give us a menu and for her to come back to take our orders. She was kind and attentive with made me feel comfortable. The drinks came out first not too early as the food surprisingly came out fast. At first sight the food looked good. The taste was AMAZING! The smell, texture and portion of food was perfect for brunch. Omg I can't wait to go back. My guy and I both enjoyed our food. I order California chicken and waffle with I a sweet tea to drink while he had the cheese omelette with lump crab meat which comes with 2 pieces of toast. He was surprised the bread was soft and very tasty, that a big deal coming from a non bread eater lol. He also had a side of home fries with a lemonade no ice lol. He likes his drink sweet. The home fries was seasoned so well I could tell it was full of herbs and spices. Everything was fresh and plated so cute. 
They have a unisex bathroom which I don't like but it was clean and that too is very stylish.
As noted this is a small restaurant with limited seating so plan ahead and or make reservations if you have a bunch of people who coming with you. 
Does seem seem kid friendly, this is not to say children shouldn't come but it's more for adults or big kids.
Must try!! Good food good place good staff!! #pretty girl cookThis was a great little restaurant with a unique vibe. I came here for brunch with a friend and we both loved the chairs and disco style 70s flair. The service was ok and the food was excellent. The only thing they need to work on is the wait time for food. Maybe I'm just impatient though, because I did see them cooking the food to order, even the grits, which does take time, but I still think 30 minutes for brunch is a long time to wait. Again, excellent food. My friend had the shrimp and grits and the portion was large, with plenty of shrimp. The flavor was delicious. I had a sandwich made with different breakfast meats, eggs and French toast on the outside. It was also delicious. I didn't see any pork on the menu, but the beef bacon was good.Amazing food and service. I loved the atmosphere and feel of this establishment. A regular breakfast sandwich was elevated and the service matched the quality of the food. My only complaint was that there was no air conditioning and my thighs were sweating in the seats. Other than that, A+ for everything.Food was okay. Service not that great. Only bar seating was available due to the five/six tables being reservations only. (NOT mentioned on website) Our waitress looked like she just jumped out of bed and wore earbuds the whole time. Found out it was BYOB at the last minute, because again...it was NOT mentioned on the website. 
Also realized other guests with items not shown on the menu. We then were told we had old menus. The menu states there is a core fee. Our bottles were already opened. Therefore we were charged for using their glasses. All for supporting my people but some things don't add up...I'm One and Done. Good Luck in the future!I'll keep this short and sweet...
The service wasn't great, we came in to sit at the bar and waiting a good 10-15mins before somebody came back to acknowledge us. It seems like they may have been short staffed but, there were plenty of people behind the bar just chit chatting.
About the food, I am a big fan of shrimp and grits and I was thoroughly disappointed. The grits were a little runny and not as thick as I'd like but, the dish was nicely seasoned. 
Overall, I'm not sure if I'd come back to Pretty Girls Cook but I would still recommend coming to check them out!
Happy YelpingFirst time there today heard about the food. Went for the island gal burger. It was very very salty did not enjoy it at all. The half and half drink was delicious, customer service was very good. The chairs are not very comfortable especially for curvy women. I saw several full figures women looking very uncomfortable one women kept standing and eating because the chair could not hold her. They really need to rethink the chairs just saying customers should be able to sit and eat. Lastly pull back on the salt.I love this restaurant for brunch and the sentiment of supporting well-crafted Black Businesses. However, the service here is somewhere between terrible and horrible. The servers rarely acknowledge you and offer to take your order by saying: "what you want?" As if, me being there is an inconvenience for them. When in reality, it's what's keeping them in business. 
The food was good overall, but the shrimp and grits (which I've had two times before) were over seasoned and way too salty. 
And as you can see from my photos both of the plates and bowls were chipped as was my mason jar, which is serious health hazard that they can solve by replacing the plates, bowls and cups as necessary. No customer wants to mistaken eat a shard of glass or something and I'm sure this establishment doesn't want a law suit for that either. 
Finally, I love the decor in the place, but the chairs are not suitable for people bigger than a pencil. Although, this wasn't my direct experience, my friend had a very difficult time sitting for our meal and honestly was forced to slightly stand throughout our stay here. This wasn't an uncommon occurrence as I saw numerous bigger people standing or bracing themselves on nearby chairs to balance themselves on the small small chairs. 
Needless to say, if there are changes in the service and China, I can definitely see myself returning.What an amazing restaurant! I came to Philly for a weekend getaway and decided to go on a foodie adventure. I stopped at pretty girl cook after seeing a plethora of delicious photos. There was little to no wait time for a party of four! Which is unbelievable for a New Yorker looking for a Sunday brunch with no reservations. I ordered the shrimp and grits and I was even more amazed . I will definitely be returning next time I make my way to Philly! Also BYOB!My mom texted me and asked to grab something to eat, one spot was closed so she asked about PGC. My two times there previously were awful but I wanted for her to get the feel herself. It is not a hospitable place , service sucks , they stare in your face the whole time . The food was horrible again we both got the BFF burgers and the murrays fries the serve with them are horrible, it's about to be 2020 no one is serving those crinkly fries !  Someone from their management team need to review their reviews expeditiously!Great place to eat, friendly atmosphere and folks have call this "MY Spot!".  As a former Vegan and now Vegetarian ( which is why i rated this place so high), wish there were more options for Vegans especially with a Southern Style kitchen touch.Came in for brunch and although they only had 1/2 the menu available to order it was the best 1/2. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it did NOT disappoint! Great spot pretty girls!Right down the street from my house and I finally tried this place for brunch today. Husband got shrimp and grits and I got the crab omelette. Both were fantastic. Portions were large and they don't skimp on anything. Plenty of shrimp and crab in both of our dishes. Service was a little lackluster, but I attribute that to them being so busy, which I was thrilled to see. Highly recommend. Can't wait to try for dinner.Me and my sisters made an attempt to dine for brunch. We walked in. One of three servers that was sitting at the bar told us, we could sit anywhere (we were the first customers). We sat.. A server gave us menus and told us that half the menu was for Sunday brunch only and walked away. We sat.. And sat... No one offered us water, drinks anything. We decided to leave after sitting for about 10 minutes. One of the three server looked up from her phone and said, y'all leaving? Unbelievable! On our way to the car we noticed that the manager was outside having a smoke break. Overall little to no service and lack of management. Very professional!!The food was really tasty and the decor modern. When we first arrived it took a while for us to be seated but our waiter was friendly and accommodating. It was interesting how they had the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant. I think if you are going to be cooking in the middle of the restaurant the staff could at least be friendly and smiling. They were just staring at me and my friends. I was quite confused. The primary chef didn't become friendly until we kept talking to her. It almost seemed forced. It's no big deal but presentation is everything.
We all enjoyed our food and they even let us bring our own wine. That was a huge plus. We initially came to this restaurant for the mussels but they were out when we arrived. We came kind of late about an hour/ hour 1/2 before they closed. I will consider going again if I come back to Philly.Let me start by saying the food was DELICIOUS! The decor was very nice. My first problem was that I ordered the No Slackin' on Ya Mac'n which sounded Great! It stated on the menu that it was a macaroni and cheese waffle topped with shredded short ribs and sweet potato puree. I received shredded short ribs, macaroni and cheese and sweet potato puree. Now don't get me wrong it was delicious and came out piping hot but that wasn't how it was presented on the menu and when I asked the server about it I was told that they stopped making it that way. So that leads to my second problem. The menu needs to be updated so this won't happen again. The next are suggestions to make the restaurant more appealing to everyone. 1st-Pub height tables aren't good for people with medical problems, or who are older or wheelchair bound 
2-The chairs should be able to fit people who have hips as the seats were very narrow with an armrest on one side(cute but not practical)
3-The server should be more attentive
4-Don't include the tip on the check for 2 people( they short changed themselves by putting 18% when I normally give 20%) 
I will support the restaurant because I like to support black owned businesses but I couldn't just leave it without giving my suggestions and observations. Good luck young ladies and I hope you do extremely well.I wish they would post their actual hours of operation and that they only have specific menu and times on the weekends! It's like clear communication does not exist and not sure if she's an actual server or owner but I do not like to see the person who is serving my food messed
Up feet nasty scarf and holes in their clothes. Food
Wise lobster mobster is the best thing ever! Some of the other items could use more seasoningSo.. I really was excited to try this place. As a foodie, finding new places to try is an every day task for me. I was very excited to support a black owned business, especially owned by a woman. I had followed their Instagram for months, planned out what I wanted to eat in advance and really took my time to make a date of visiting this place.. I was honestly disappointed. 
The service was okay, very sweet servers but they all seemed to be a bit too "tired" to focus on basic hospitality details. For example, bringing water to each person at the table and not just the person who asked for water but each customer OR bringing over utensils without being asked twice. Huge pet peeve of mine. The food was definitely pretty in display and watching the girls whip up the dishes right in front of you brings a sense of comfort to know what's going on in the kitchen but the food was definitely missing something. 
Every black owned business' favorite line is "We don't have that" or "We're out of that" and of course we got one of those :)! My rice was hard, I definitely knew it was the hard baked on rice from the bottom of the pot (not what you expect when you're paying for food). The muscles were a bit dry and could do with a little more broth. 
Also the fact that BYOB is something that each customer is charged for at the end? I'd love for that to be advertised on the menu. Just a bit of communication, wouldn't hurt. Adding in gratuity when I had to ask for basic things like water, and a fork more than once also just isn't fair. To be honest, I felt robbed. Hospitality ties in with efficiency and attention to detail. I could get this type of cooking/ service from a Chilis or Applebee's for just under 40 bucks. Maybe when everyone on the staff is a bit more awake, everything's great? But 7:30 on a Friday seems to be when everyone gives their mediocre effort. Best thing about this place is their aesthetic. Super "girly and chic" but not worth your money. At all.