Good beer selection, knowledgeable staff. Had I not ordered food here it would have an enjoyable experience. Some how received undercooked inedible Fries, one well done burger and one burger medium rare.... both burgers were served on buns that felt straight out of the refrigerator, slightly hard and cold. If you're drunk the foods good, don't eat it sober, plus add in service that was lackluster at best. We couldn't even eat the food and left it untouched. We told the the bartender no we didn't want it and what was wrong with it. Charged us full price.Nice, old school space with a long bar. It reminded me of some places I've been out west, which might be a little strange in the heart of Philadelphia. 
Not too loud at all - conversations were easy and a lot of the patrons were doing just that. There's a jukebox, so maybe it cranks up later in the evening. We were there pretty early. 
Great service from several people working behind the bar. 
Several beers on tap including a local CCCCC IPA, which was solid. Not many wines, though.
Small menu but very good food. The elote (corn) is quite good, as was the cucumber(?) salad. But the brat plate was the star. Wonderful brat, German potato salad, sauerkraut, pretzel and a hot salsa/relish. Best brat plate ever. Served on a cool wood board.
Prohibition is located in or near a somewhat dicey neighborhood, at least to this non-resident's eye. I may very well be wrong about that. We had to walk a trashy, pissy street past what seemed like skid row coming from the hotel on Race St. If it was later at night we might have chosen not to walk back.Great food. Awesome beer selection. Found this place by accident, definitely worth it. Can't remember the name of the burger I had, but it was topped with pork roll, onions and a fried egg.If you're going to a show at the Union Transfer / Underground Arts / Electric Factory, then this bar is in a nice location for a couple of beers and food. I don't think I would make a trip across town to come and drink here, but I would definitely stop by again before a show.
Food: 
Menu is a small selection of typical bar food, but with what little they have, they do it well and tastefully. The brat plate was a nice, filling $15 deal if you want a little bit of everything. Fish & chips came out freshly fried and piping hot. Definitely several notches higher than your average bar food.
Drinks: 
Beer centric, but it's not like you can't get wine and cocktails...just noticeably limited.
Space: 
Cozy, so it can get crowded pretty easily -- not really a place to hang out all night.I have never had a bad meal here. Their special burgers have been killer. I still dream about the burger with egg and truffle oil. Great juke box and friendly staff.I really like it at this bar. I wish I lived closer because it is a great bar to hang out with friends or even for a simple date night.
The beer is good and there is always a lot on tap as well as in bottles. There food is surprisingly good too. The french fries are killer shoestring fries, their mac and cheese is pretty good, and the fried green beans are great!
I did not like the polenta fries, but the rest of the food made up for it.
I would recommend getting a bunch of apps and splitting them, which is what I've done with friends.Really cool bar with a nice staff and awesome ambiance.
I live nearby and it's my go to neighborhood spot. It can easily get to be a pricey experience if you aren't careful, but you get what you pay for! The quality and variety of the beers are great. They come in a range of prices, strengths, and styles from breweries all over! The prices aren't even that bad when compared to how much these beers would cost at a "classy" place in center city.
The food is great too! I'm a big fan of the burger and fries.My review is from a Sat brunch visit. I've never been at night so it could be quite good as a bar to frequent.
That said their breakfast was OK, nothing to write home about - in fact there's a cafe right across the street (cafe lift) and I would argue they have a much more tasty brunch option. That said this place definitely has great options for watching games and seating with groups at a bar.Feeling compelled to write this review laying in bed, dreaming about the Pro Tap Burger - what every other burger out there wants to be when it grows up. I don't love this burger just because it's literally a block away from me - I would walk 500 miles to fall down at Pro Taps door for this burger. I am also a HUGE fan of brioche buns. Fries are covered in a garlicky herb situation unlike any you've had before. Do yourself a favor and skip your kids recital, blow off that friend you've been playing phone tag with for weeks... but don't bring your friend who's all like "are these gluten free vegan fries?"... get some of their seriously awesome beers, a burger, maybe start off w some of their mac and cheese? I'm just sayin.....Went for Sunday brunch. Arrived a little after 11 and the place was empty. Service was friendly and helpful. Prices on food were good, but drink prices were a little high. Definitely cheaper in Old City. Anyway, the food was great. Fresh and hot and huge portions; neither of us could come close to finishing. Only food complaint was the bacon was way under cooked; needs to be crisper.
By the time we left, the place had started to fill up, so get there early for a spot. Definitely will return.When my bf and I looked at the rating for this place I thought, wow how come we've never gone there? Then, we finally visited Prohibition Taproom: it is a true beer place! No wonder -- I'm not a beer person.
But the experience was good. From my point of view, it looked like heaven for the beer-and-sports people. 
I liked the vibe and service, so I'm givin' it 4!I don't always go to Prohibition Taproom, but when I do:
1 - I will probably just have a Yards Brawler, b/c I'm not a huge beer drinker and I know I like Brawler
2 - I might try another British style beer
3 - I will ALWAYS order the beer battered green beans, b/c they are light, refreshing, and I don't feel like I'm being too unhealthy
4 - I will complain about the loudness; the small room acoustics are seriously out of control once it starts to fill up (and it is almost always full).
Honestly, we would probably go here more but it's just a bit out of our way as far as local places.  But when we're going to the Troc or seeing a show at Arts Underground then we always make Prohibition a stop.  Nice, accommodating staff, nice, clean decor and nice food. Dig it!Four stars for decor and craft beer selection. Two stars for food. This place does shine like a diamond in the rough. I'm not too familiar with Philly, but the bar flanked parts of Chinatown and seemed to be in a part of town that was a bit rough-around-the -edges, so finding this cool spot in such a unlikely locale made it ever more of a sweet find. From the vintage sign outside to the wrought iron mustang carved enclosures that meet you at the front entrance, a subtlely hip James Dean appeal imbued the Prohibition.  The vibe, beer, and service did not disappoint, so I expected their grub to live up. I was excited to see their pickle plate as an app and ordered it on a whim. Luscious looking carrots and cocktail onions and green beans came out on an equally verdant and zesty looking bed of fresh lettuce, but after my second bite I realized that looks can be deceiving. Let's just say this app tasted more like a vinegar plate than a pickled veg plate.  The veggie sandwich tasted overly seasoned and a few bites in, I couldn't even finish it.  I almost would have rather they served a Boca Burger and least gotten something somewhat tasty for my money. And then a quarter of the way through our sandwich, a slightly off cook (the head cook?) came out from the kitchen and kept offering the bartenders food, only to be turned down. And they seemed annoyed by her persistence. Weird. The whole situation was odd and made me wish I had only stopped at the Prohibition for a drink and gone somewhere else for food.MMMMMMMM.
The place is slowly starting to get more crowded, but I'm enjoying my slightly empty sunday dinners.  Really great service, the people there know their stuff and I've seen them guide people through picking a beer and food.
Their daily burger and grilled cheese specials are awesome and they've just added some new items like tortillas and salsa that are really good too. Brunch is rather new too.... but good! Love it here.I came here to eat after moving my boyfriend into his apartment. I love the interior and the vibe was friendly and active. Lots of people at 11 pm on a Saturday night, although they came in waves. I was afraid their kitchen would be closed but I'm so glad it wasn't! I ordered the beef sandwich and it came in a reasonable amount of time. The sandwich was a respectable size and quite delicious. Their fries are to die for!!! Shoestring with just the right texture and amount of salt. 
My bf and his family were drinking, and I was impressed with how friendly the bar staff was. They were more than happy to explain to us their beer selection and gave us samples often! They were always attentive, despite the busy hour, and our drinks were quickly replenished. I would gladly come here again.Love this place for 3 reasons:
Delicious food:
-Highly recommend the beer battered green beans and the pub burger with tomato jam. They cook the burger perfectly!!
Diverse drink menu:
-Beers are always awesome, and there is enough to choose from. But I wanna talk about the Bloody Mary... ohhhhhhh... SO good!!! I live so close to this place, and I'm usually there on Sundays recovering my hangover with a TASTY bloody mary!! GET IT!
The staff:
-One word: Hipster. But of course the cool ones. Always super friendly and assist you right away. 
PS. You don't even have to ask for a glass of water. They will bring it to you. classy!Had a really good sandwich here once, and a damn good burger here another time. I've always been impressed with their tap list, and can always find something new to drink here. Bartenders and servers seem really nice.
It's dimly lit but doesn't feel like a dive... it's too hip for that. I haven't spent enough time here to give it a real honest assessment, but I like what I've seen so far.When Waitress came to take drink order, I commented that I like  light beer, she immediately responded with "we don't have light beer". I asked her what she would recommend on tap since "I like light beer". She came across as very rude. Later, when I placed my food order, I asked if they had sour cream, and again, I got a very rude response. The food is actually pretty good, despite the service. The place is very cozy and a nice atmosphere. I would probably come back just hopefully won't get the same waitress. If you are with a large group, just a heads up, they won't split the bill and they will only take up to 5 credit cards to pay the bill.  Very inconvenient especially since it's 2016! Really, you can't separate the bills?Excellent choice and quality of potables, edibles. Appealing service and decor. Usually busy as hell, but it should be. 
My only real problem is the noise. It's often busy, and I often can't understand someone three feet from me. Noise alone would lose one star, but the obstacle it poses to socializing is a two star penalty.I was visiting Philadelphia from out of town and staying at the nearby Hampton Inn, and looked up this place on Yelp. With a name like the Prohibition Taproom, and based on a couple of other reviews, I thought they might have good cocktails -- but I was mistaken! My friend's drink -- a rum punch -- was so strong she had to ask them to put more juice in it; and either I'm an alcoholic or they forgot to put any bourbon in my old-fashioned. However, the food was GREAT and once we switched to beer, we were very impressed with their selection of awesome local brews. The bartenders were friendly and accommodating and there was a relaxed, congenial vibe to the place. The one thing to be aware of, though, is that it *is* in a very industrial, out-of-the-way spot -- the desk clerk at the hotel advised us to "not look like tourists or like we were lost" while walking there.I would have to say that I've visited Prohibition a couple times in the last week and have been impressed. The food is great and they have an excellent selection of local beer.Stopped by just after noon to find that we were restricted to the brunch menu. Good news was that the brunch menu contained so more traditional lunch items as well as other tasty, hearty fare. Burger was fine. Braised shortrib with egg over polenta was tasty.i live a block away from this place, yet took nearly a year to venture that long block to what may be my favorite bar in the city. 
the bar is pretty low key, rarely very full, and a decent place to bring friends or a date. the noise level is acceptable with a great jukebox and, in the few times i've been there, douchebros have been minimally invasive. there was one night that some guy was trying to read a book and some dudes were being total assholes right behind him. i mean, it is a bar, so i don't know why anyone would be trying to read there, but these guys were exceptionally annoying. that was an isolated incident, though.
now, i didn't drink beer regularly until a few months ago (i don't really like any of the shitty beers that typically populate college parties, so i'd usually just try and get drunk off of vodka or gin), so i don't know how qualified i am to judge the beer selection. from what i've seen at other bars, prohibition's beer list isn't super extensive, but there's a good variety of beers both on tap and in bottles. the bartenders are nice, attentive, cool folks who know what they're talking about way more than i do.
now, the food is nothing out of the ordinary, but damn it's good. i don't like green beans so i haven't had those beer battered things everyone's having conniptions over. the polenta fries are absolutely perfect: spicy, salty, fried crispy on the outside and velvety on the inside. the aioli that comes along with it makes me want to cry just thinking about how FUCKING GOOD it is. the wings are banging, too: good size, tender meat, extra saucy and a 4/5 on the heat level. i had a burger once, and it was decent, but i won't be having it again.
it's very reasonably priced with most beers on tap being 5 or so dollars. the food is a little more expensive than usual for bar food, but definitely worth it.
and that sign just tops it off. five stars.went on a saturday afternoon. the first ones there. when empty it kinda gives off a vfw vibe. that's fine with me. service was good. prices aren't bad. good selection of draft and hand pump beers. beer battered green beans are excellent. i'd definitely go back, but not before i save some money drinking at my favorites dives.the 4 stars are for the bar and decor - awesome beer selection ALWAYS, fantastic staff and uber cool decor. 
the food, though, definitely leaves something to be desired. i don't think i'm in the majority here, but eh - pass on the food. the only exception being the fried string beans. those are AWESOME. most def get those. perfect complement to a perfect beer. 
fantastic for happy hour or drinks. or for a first date.I'm surprised at myself for only picking 3 stars - I'm usually an enthusiastic reviewer. I wanted to try this place's root beer float, after reading about it in one of the local alternative weeklies. Yes, it was in a strange place - an area I never go to, but not too difficult to find. The bright "bar" sign really helped! And the room was cool - large, dark and candlelit, huge bar, nice wooden decor. So, it could have been quite cozy. 
I was with two friends who wanted some food, so we grabbed an empty table. My root beer float was excellent, but they are difficult to mess up! (I suggest adding a shot of vanilla vodka to "grow it up" for you. Yum!) My friend's fries were great, and everyone seemed happy with the food - Shepherd's pie and a grilled cheese sandwich. The server was pretty efficient, always checking to see if we needed more drinks and food. We didn't have to wonder where he was, at all. 
Why the 3 stars, you ask? Well, I was seated at a table and trying to talk to my friends, one of them across from me and one next to me. We had a very difficult time hearing each other, due to the deafening sound levels. The jukebox was okay, but just added to the high-decibel din. Too much! I was shouting at them and missing half of what they said. Most of our conversation consisted of "what?" I felt like when I left, it would be like when you left a concert - still shouting at each other with a raw voice. It might be good for dinner, due to the good food and atmosphere - I'm not sure - but Saturday night at 9:30-12:00 is too loud for me.I love this super low key bar in my neighborhood. The staff is quick and attentive. The atmosphere is dark and has a lounge like feel. It is the hipster the hang out for the neighborhood, so expect some great beers on tap. 
Definitely my neighborhood go to bar. Try the burger. It is one of my cravings.Oh, how I miss the city! Being able to walk from our hotel to Prohibition was pretty awesome, even if there were a few sketchy corners along the way. Once inside, we took in the serpentine bar and packed tables with some difficulty (it was quite dark) and luckily found seats right away; by the time we left, over an hour later, people were standing three deep all around the bar. 
We started out sitting at one of the bar islands, directly across from three strangers; this might appeal to some extreme extroverts, but it was a little awkward for us. They paid us no attention and had a very loud conversation (trendy vocal-fry girls -- ugh) so we tried to return the favor, but they were hard to ignore, so when true bar seats opened up we scooted over and left them to their workplace gripes.
The drink menu is pretty wonderful; awesome draft / bottle selection, in addition to a handful of craft cocktails. We stuck to beer and were not disappointed; the bartender, once he saw what we liked, offered us a couple of samples and was able to continue making us happy through several more rounds. 
We weren't dinner-hungry, but wanted to try the battered green beans since so many had raved about them. They were pretty disappointing; the beans were overcooked and stringy, and the batter stuck together in huge lumps -- it was more like a battered green bean sculpture. We ate about half and left the rest. Next we tried the fried pretzel, which was good, though not exactly pretzel-like, since it had been deep-fried instead of soda-boiled. The accompanying queso was delicious, but there was only one small ramekin, so we ate most of the pretzel plain.
It turned out there had been quite a party a few hours earlier, as the first friday of every month is a pig roast. It sounded intriguing, but our server didn't know any of the details -- where, how and for what amount of time it was cooked, for instance -- so we didn't try it.
We would definitely return for the beer, and to try one of their standbys like the burger or the brick chicken.Good beer. Small but pleasantly funky menu. Did not dig the walk along 13th to get here.Amazing. Burgers and Mac and cheese were everything. Ambiance was laid back and relaxing as well.Great beer selection and hands down the best vegetarian cheesesteak I've had so far! Mushrooms were cooked perfectly with a gooey cheese sauce and a crunchy on-the-outside with sweet and chewy inside roll. 
Stopped here on impulse after a show at Underground Arts and will definitely be back after the next show we see. Glad to see a quality place that keeps the kitchen open a little later. The vibe inside was really comfy also. Plus I always get excited when I see a cask ale on tap.Good place to grab a quick bite or drink before a show at Union Transfer.
From the limited amount that I was able to try off the menu, I can certainly say that the food is tasty.  You've probably got a safe bet with most of the items available.  The beer and drinks list is quite extensive as well, so you will have little worry finding something you like.  It was fairly packed, but the food came out really quickly.Not only is Prohibition good for interesting brews and great food, you can go and hear new albums months before they come out. Yep, one of the bartenders is a music editor and plays all her favorite new picks at the bar, you can preview an album way before you decide to buy it! Just another reason to love the Pro-Tap.Two words: steak frites. So friggin good. And so is the chicken sandwich and the burger and the brunch. I haven't really gone wrong here yet, but I swing in specifically for the steak frites.
The staff is hit or miss. Some are incredibly friendly and others are too absorbed in personal conversations to worry about service. I'd give 5 stars if the service was more spot-on.Great sour beers and beer options. Fun vinyl dj nights. Food is good overall- when I went they had a grilled cheese of the week or night which was fun. Knowledgeable friendly bar staff.Food was OK but the serivce at the bar is horrible the girl took forever to take the order I'm staring her I'm the face like I'm ready and she act like she didn't see anyone...then when I was waiting on the bill she took forever I was ready to just walk out... the lady had the WORST attitude..like give me a smile at least she didn't teller her name like when go to a normal spot...first and last timeI've been to Prohibition a few times since my one star review, and I'm sad to say I've had nothing but disappointment here. 
We stopped for brunch one day and it took 45 minutes to get our food.  When it came out, it was cold. Not once did the server apologize, so when the check came I paid and asked to speak to a manager.  Turns out the server was the manager. She was nice enough to refund the money back to my card, and offer a free round of drinks on our next visit.  We haven't been back to cash in on those drinks, and this happened months and months ago.
My previous experiences were just as disappointing.
I wish I could like you, Prohibition, but I've given up.Great first experience! I love that this place has a neighborhood bar feel, but with a hipness to it. We came for dinner on Friday night, and our cravings for comfort food were satisfied!
We had to wait a bit until a spot at the bar opened, but we were greeted right away while we stood by the doorway. We ended up eating at the bar too, which was fine with us! We were nestled by the window at the end of the bar, very cozy! Even though we were at the end of the bar, the bartender was very attentive and nice.
They have a nice beer selection which my boyfriend enjoyed! My interest was mostly in the food (of course) so we started with the cheese plate! 
I thought the size of the plate was appropriate for the price, and I enjoyed all of the cheeses. One of the grainy mustards was delicious! The other mustard is more of a Worcestershire sauce which cleared my sinuses, so beware! I also enjoyed the pickled veggies served with the platter, and the bread was to die for! Toasted and lightly buttered.
I was totally pleased with my dinner plate, the Caesar salad with fried chicken! The chicken was so tender and had a sweetness to it. The food definitely exceeded my expectations when dining at a pub. 
Overall, a great place to grab a drink and snack, or full on dinner! It was nice for a date as well, however it was a bit loud with the music and actual bar crowd that made its way in as the night went on.Staff are great, the bar is a mixed crowd of hipsters, locals, local office workers. Beer selection is always changing and interesting and the menu is very good. Also the bar is "bro-free", long may it continue.We had a very positive experience at the Taproom on a Friday night.  We were rolling in with a large group (approx. 12 people).  No reservations here and it was initially hard to find space.  There never ended up being enough table space available for more than maybe 4 people, but somehow we ended up etching out an area almost big enough at the bar.  The service was wonderful.  The bartenders got us all beers within minutes of us entering and remained friendly and attentive throughout the night.  The beer battered green beans ARE delicious.  (Thank you Yelpers for the recommendation.)  My friend and I split the pulled pork and the grilled cheese special, which on this evening was a brie and broccoli rabe combo.  Both were very tasty and everyone seemed quite pleased with their meals.  The fries and salad as a side are extremely tasty too.  The beer list is pretty good, though it by no means can compete with the heavy duty beer bars around the city.  There were a couple beers on special for $4 (Coronado wit?) but most beers were regularly listed at $5-$7.  This is OK, but I usually like there to be a cheaper option beer if possible after having a few $5.50 drafts or whatever...  Anyway, that's a fairly minor complaint in a generally positive experience.  This place deserves a very solid 4 stars.The beer-battered green beans alone are worth the trip-- we had to get another order to satisfy our need for deliciousness.
Great beer list, very cool decor, awesome drinks including a dee-lish punch served in a glass boot.
I took off a star for the bland (though very high-quality) ale mussels.  The broth was lame, and the bread they served it with had that gas broiled taste...  Given how good everything else was, I think this was an outlier...I freaking love this place. The food and drinks are alway top notch.  The jukebox has amazing tunes and the service is fun, friendly and I just want to take them home.  They rock.  Don't miss out. Go here and tip well they deserve it.Decided to go out of the usual loop of restaurants in center city, olde city, south philly, norther liberties and hit up the Prohibition Taproom with some friends. It was definitely worth the 10 minute walk from the train station. The burger and fries were better than the average and the beer selection was outstanding. Good place to enjoy conversation over a small meal or drinks.Prohibition is probably the place I have frequented most in the city. I lived in that area for a year and Prohibition is like a golden treasure some leprechaun must have dropped on his way to other parts of the city. 
I mean, really, that is such a shady street. I know, I lived on it. Thank you Prohibition for being a haven in bumble-fu¢k Philadelphia. 
The Fried Green Beans are amazing. And the Grilled Cheese specials which change every week. Oh and the amazing burger specials. Did I leave out the macaroni?
They have a consistently changing draught list which is where I have found some of my favorite obscure beers.
I can't leave out the fact that the wait staff is one of the best I've encountered in the city. They are over-the-top friendly to the point where they get to know people's names. This is 2010; I barely know my aunt's name. Good job, Prohibition.Great place..happy hour 5-7 pm .. 
Hummus delicious... French onion soup"the best"! Very friendly environmentGreat bar!  Great beers! Ashley the bartender was awesome!!! She was very helpful. The banana bread pudding was ok.Absolutely delicious. First off, there were endless choices of appetizers and you can't go wrong with any of them. Filling and awesome! Then the entrees were even better - from the steak frites to the fried chicken. Has a full bar and everything. And it's right in the neighborhoods a little away from the downtown area of Philly.A really great neighborhood bar that's great for a lot of different things. I've been here for dinner (the food, especially the fried chicken sandwich and burger is excellent), brunch, and drinks with friends (excellent beer selection) and it's been a hit every time. I like that the atmosphere is casual but not overly so. If you're in the area it's definitely worth checking out.It's a bar, it's old, it's laid out funny with parts of the bar not reachable by the bartenders.  And there are tables, and it seems there is room for more tables.  It was Friday night and it was pleasantly crowded.  And the crowd was pleasant, mostly 22 to 30 year olds, until I hauled my old ass up to a stool.  A list of specials and draft beers hanging over the bar on a blackboard, were in addition to the beer and food menus.
I had a cask hand pumped Hoppy lil Hudson, a very good English IPA from Yards.  There was a real nice selection to chose from.  We started with the battered and fried string beans.  Someone here said they could eat them all night, I agree.  We had a cauliflower with coconut curry cream, a super side dish we dubbed as an app and cleaned the plate
The grilled cheese of the day was Jack cheese with truffle mashed potatoes ON the sandwich, my dog it was excellent, especially when the server suggested we add bacon to it.  The other choice was the brined pork sandwich.  It was so good and a nice kick to it.  The bread pudding for dessert just topped off this very special find in a semi-deserted neighborhood on north 13th Street.
I love finding places like this, thanks to my YELP friends. :-)This place wasn't nearly as awesome as it was cracked up to be. Maybe I get my hopes up WAY too high. The ambiance itself is alright, I guess it's "20's style" but I'm not too sure about that. The bar is awkward... we sat jutted out into the middle where the waitress couldn't really even talk to us!!! However, the beer was tasty, and strong, and priced right. I would return again, but I'm not that sold on it.It was a great pub! There was a decent selection of beers, including some local brews. The cheesesteak was tasty and Christmas chicken was surprisingly good. Plenty of seating inside, with fast and attentive service. Overall, it was a good pick for a stay in Philly.The service is excellent; they are incredibly attentive to their patrons seated at tables). They have an extensive bottle list (tons of beers, plus 2 ciders), and several on tap beers. The food is decent and came out fast, but I only had appetizers not a full dinner. On Saturday night, tables are only for dining. The atmosphere is very cozy, but it's very loud inside. It's in a sketchy neighborhood, but it's well worth it. I will definitely be going back!!!Great beer selection, food and very friendly staff.  
Had an engaging conversation with the GM (Matt?) who was a very cool dude.  Gave me the history of the place and telling me what was good to order.  Made the experience even better.  
I ordered their 'Donkey Cheesesteak' which was a special.  This was superb and a great twist on the Philly Cheesesteak.  I paired this with a Philly Gose beer and it was one of the best meals I had in Philly.
I highly recommend checking this place out.Great locals bar with great burgers.  
It's a nice spot to hit up for lunch on a lazy Sunday and grab a beer and burger.This is my type of bar.
Everything from the tap list, to the shared apps, to the music was Excellent. The servers seemed a bit "resistant" at first, but after they warmed up to us I realized they were just hipsters and slightly introverted. That's fine with me, and works perfectly with the vibe.
Only knock is that the neighborhood seems slightly sketchy.. But being in town for business I guess I can't really say. Most of Philly seemed slightly sketch! Would absolutely return.What a diamond in the rough!! Seriously - neighboring streets are a tad rough. Who cares? They have grilled cheese specials!!!! SPECIALS of melty cheesy goodness!!
Got one of these well-spoken cheesy melty treats on Sunday.  ho-ly. SO yummy. Melted brie, arugula, and pickled onions served on sourdough. craving this again already. Served with fries and a delish mixed green salad with balsamic.  Also got a burger with bleu cheese and bacon. Cooked just the way it was ordered. Great comfort food. 
Beers: This place is legit. Nice list- forever changing.  
Service- awesome. Everyone is so friendly and down to earth. No stuffy bartenders here. 
Fun Fact- on Sunday is BYOV. Bring your own vinyl night. Good tunes ahead!Ive been here a few times and generally always like the feel of the place.  It's a good neighborhood bar with character.
Tonight I was a bit amazed by the service, or lack of it.  I arrived with a buddy for drinks and dinner, and arrived hungry.  When we sat at the bar, the bartender, one of about 5 people behind the bar working, came over and finally took our order for a drink.  We finished our drinks and wondered if they'd ask about food.  Instead someone eventually asked if we wanted another drink.  I had to suggest they take our food order which they said "OK, you know what you want?"  So we ordered.  
The food was great.  The drinks were great.  It was a while between times of my first drink being empty and my 2nd drink offer.  We were surrounded by staff that ignored us, essentially.  They were friendly overall, don't get me wrong, but they couldve encouraged us to stay longer.  When we finally asked for the bill, I saw that my friends cocktail was covered by happy hour, though my beer wasnt, from the first round.  Happy hour, huh, no one mentioned it even.  I feel like a good staff wouldnt ignore you and they would let you know there's a happy hour offer.
It's OK, all was OK.  Just weird when staff is aloof... when it's less than busy in a place.  You'd expect they would be more attentive and sell more food/drink.  (shrug).This place was pretty good, the decor inside is super simple but with an odd bar that has little jutted out sections which is neat. Other than that, and the large wooden bar, its simply tables and chairs and totally unassuming. It seems like the type of place that anyone can go to and feel comfortable at. 
I just stopped in for one beer and a snack, (I mostly just wanted to try the fried green beans everyone had been talking about) and I'm glad I did! I had pliny the elder on draught for 6 bucks, and it was worth every penny. There's a good reason it's in beer advocate's top 10 in the list of best beers. My boyfriend got the sierra nevada belgian trippel, it was good as well.
And yeah, the fried green beans were AMAZING. So good, I could eat 50 more plates of it. 
The staff were super friendly as well. 
The only thing that bothered me was so many things on the chalkboard that touted what draught and bottle selection they had, were misspelled... haha. Sierra Navada Belgian Tripple... it made me giggle, not a big deal though. Definitely didn't put a damper on the experience.I heart this place- so please stop going there if you are super loud and annoying, you heard me!
Prohibition on a Monday-Wednesday night is so nice, you don't have to worry about finding a seat because there are plenty. The bartenders are incredibly nice and remember your face. Fridays and Saturdays it seems littered with young fools who forgot what inside voice is- yea I'm old, get off my lawn!
Sundays is bring your own vinyl which is cool, I'm searching for the worst thrift store album I can find just to put them to the test, haha. In due time....
The food is always on, with a late night kitchen open to 1am, and awesome specials I always find myself nomnomnoming on something delicious.
The neighborhood is kind of sketch so bike or drive there-walking seems like a good idea if you want someone to drag you into a dumpster.
Overall, I'm happy to have this as one of my local haunts. And the best thing about it, it doesn't reek of old mildewy floors or piss littered bathrooms- they keep it clean and that's quite the task in filthadelphia.Great beer choices, quite a variety, but I was a little thrown off by the good reviews.  I think it's because we went later on a Saturday night - the place was packed, and it took the bar staff forever to acknowledge us, even after we got two seats at the bar (this was quite the wait).  Beers were expensive - and they were only 10 oz.
Also, we walked there from Market St., which probably wasn't the best idea.  Granted, I really wouldn't recommend the place on a Saturday night, but if you do decide to go, take a cab, and go early to ensure a bar seat.Chill spot for hipsters and an okay happy hour for drinks, prices were affordable. We didn't get appetizers for happy hour, just a brownie sundae dessert which was super rich. If you're looking for a hipster spot and that's your scene, this place works.To skip the glitter and hearts and overall massive crowds that are Valentines day, Prohibition was my pick of the night for a calm meal. Not only was the setting ideal for kicking back and relaxing, but it was delicious to boot. My favorite was the special appetizer (think fried provolone with goat cheese and caramelized onions) and my boy's burger (egg, Gorgonzola, m.rare) was also tasty. I had a hankering for comfort food, so I went with the mac&cheese, which, was nothing special, but hit the spot. 
Service was great..beer options were plentiful...yeah, I'll come back.This update is dedicated to the PTR burger. It  Its technically the first of my burger reviews -  prior to deciding that its time to work my way through every phila taproom burger i can find.
This unusual take on the burger works: its served with an egg, truffle oil, gruere & arugula on a french roll. Not your usual burger combo, but really unique flavor. Hope they make it a staple. $10.
Burgerlicious rating = 7iiiiiiiiiiiii love this bar. I've only been here a few times, twice to pregame while waiting for a table at Cafe Lift, and once to postgame brunch at Cafe Lift and ended up staying for several hours. 
Haven't had the pleasure of trying the food yet but it's definitely on my list. The bartender dude is super friendly and helpful. One of those people that knows when to leave you the fuck alone but is also more than willing to engage in witty banter. 
The beers on tap are all unique and range from low to high %, and the staff knows how to recommend a winner based on your personal taste. 
I just really like the vibe here, it's hard to put into words exactly what I mean. The kind of place that it's easy to lose track of time in. Gotta come here yourself and I'm sure you'll see what I mean!I would go to Prohibition Taproom for the staff alone. They're friendly, personal and authentic. They don't do the fake smile and bother customers like a lot wait staff in other joints. The atmosphere is hella good. Relaxed. Chillaxed. It's the kind of place you can see yourself hanging out in. The bartender's a rad guy who likes to add his own personal twist to drinks, and is totally cool with it if you're not happy. Luckily, I loved his idiosyncratic drinks. As for the food, I keep getting the burgers which come with fries. They make some fry sauce which I can't remember the name of but tastes good and gives you killer bad breath. It's probably not the best condiment if you're on a date. 
Better yet, they have a jukebox. It's just one more way to control your experience. Good food, good music, what more could you ask for?I never order a burger at a restaurant, unless it's some place like Village Whiskey or PYT and the like. HOWEVER, I did last night.
Check it:
-arugula
-gruyere
-fried egg
-truffle oil
How  could you NOT order that burger? It was ridiculous. Messy, but worth it.
Other reasons Prohibition rules:
-good beer (obv)
-great music (if you're an avid reader of mine, you'll note that this is a recurring theme)
-somewhat close to my apt.
The end.Fantastic service, great beer selection and the food was Amazing. I had the humus plate to start, then the special pork belly ramen bowl. Not something you would expect but the bartender recommended it and he was 100% spot on.  This is my new  "must go" place in Philly. May end up back there tonight!!I stopped in here recently with some friends after a Yelp Elite Event.
The vibe in this place is awesome. It has a great dive bar feel and isn't too fussy and not too "hipstery." The layout ensures plenty of bar seating. The bartender we had was efficient and friendly, and there was a great rotating beer selection.
The one thing that really stands out is the food. The lamb grilled cheese in particular was life-changing. I will return just because of that. 
The prices were a little bit on the higher end, but that's to be expected for the high quality of food and beverages served here.Love this place!  Prohibition Taproom is my new favorite after-work casual dinner spot. They have an awesome beer selection with plenty of new options all the time. And I'm not sure if this is a regular happy hour special, but sometimes all of their draft beers are $4. Which is a steal, considering the selection.  I got to try Clown Shoes Muffin Top-- Belgian strong ale, 10% abv, really how could you resist trying based on that name!  $4!  and it was delicious!
Their food has also been consistently good. I'm in love with their beer brined pork loin sandwich!  Serrano chile spread, caramelized onions, aged cheddar, served with jus -- this sandwich is the business (I uploaded a pic)!  Curry mussels were also quite delicious.  Beer battered green beans.  Decent burger.  And many of their $4 happy hour food specials have been good too.  I always leave here with a happy stomach.
The only item I had here that I did not enjoy was the fried chick peas. They had no texture and tasted like nothing.  They kinda just disintegrated when you ate them... it was weird.
Service is always very friendly, prompt and efficient. The waitresses can make recommends and always with a smile.  There was one time that our servers had a mix-up and neither was coming over because they both thought the other had our table. After about 20 minutes of sitting there and waiting, we went to the bar to get our own drinks, and finally flagged a waitress down and asked to order food.  She took our order, and then after talking with the other waitress, both of them came over separately to personally and very sincerely apologize about the mix-up.  They also offered us desserts or a round of drinks on the house to make up for it.  Mistakes happen but it's how they are handled that make the difference!  And the service here is fantastic.  Even with the mix-up, we somehow ended up liking this place more.  Everyone here is so nice.
I've heard that this place gets pretty packed sometimes on Friday/Saturday nights but every time I've gone so far I've been able to get a seat.My first experience with the Prohibition Taproom was my housemate Jonny telling me that messed up his drink order and that he was not impressed. Despite that, I wanted to try out this new place.
Before I even walked in, I was greeted by an awesome sign pointing out the business. It's a simple neon red sign that tersely states "BAR." I like it a lot. Once inside, I was loving the atmosphere. The bar is really great, as you can kind of see in this picture. It runs the length of the room, but also has a few peninsulas. The result is that you can sit at the bar and be across from whoever you are with, which is a great feature.
As far as beer goes, PT does not disappoint. There are about ten beers on draft. Further, the choices represent a well thought out variety of brews. PT also supplies a nice bottle list as a supplement. I had the Dogfish Head Aprihop and Brooklyn Brewery Blunderbuss and enjoyed both beers.
I can seriously recommend to anyone to go to Prohibition Taproom for one reason: deep-fried green beans. This phenomenal appetizer is a great way to start your meal and comes with a nice aioli. The rest of the food was average. Between Lana, J.Mal, and myself, we ordered two burgers and a grilled cheese, and these three dishes were fine, nothing more. I was happy to be full, but the main dishes are the lowest point of the experience.
Friday night this place got a little crazy, with a crowd from art museum area and plenty of "bros." Don't make this your Friday or Saturday night hangout spot.
Bottom Line: I like this new place. It has good atmosphere, beer, and one excellent appetizer. Prohibition Taproom has made it onto my list of bars to regularly visit. The biggest downside are the hours. No lunch, no brunch, and the bar opens at 4pm.Great food, great beer, completely awful service.
I've had decent experiences here in the past. The food is good and on par with the rest of the Philly gastropub scene. On a cold night in winter, the french onion soup is downright therapeutic. The beer selection is large and they always have multiple great brews on tap.
Why am I giving this place two stars? Its staff. My girl and I came early on a Saturday evening, placed an order at the bar, and were straight-up ignored. Twenty minutes later, I saw our bartender at the end of the bar obliviously sipping on a drink. Useless. Maybe the management sent all of their first stringers up to help Bufad get up and running. I'll be steering clear until they get their house in order.Place is nice but a little pricey.. service a little slow too but the food was pretty good l.Was there for a benefit.  My second visit.  Great food.  Great beer.  Horrible staff.  My first visit was with an almost empty bar.  Hipster staff too busy talking to each other to wait on us.  This time, waiter actually asked my wife to leave the table she was seated at next to me after she ordered food because "they need that table for someone else".  Really?  So we squeeze four people onto a two top?  Another customer was more important than this paying customer?  I am appreciative of the owners generosity to charitable causes and the use of their establishment for these functions.  Their food and drink is first rate.  But, quite honestly, your staff creates a bad, bad experience.  I can find the same thing elsewhere without the poor treatment.Worst place to have brunch. I went there with a group of four. It took them at least an hour to bring us our food, and everyone's dish was cold by the time to arrived. We ordered four different dishes but they all had the same I ingredients, just arranged differently. I had to ask them three time about an order of French-toast. It came out after we received the check.  Needless to say we are never going back nor recommend this place.Thought this place was great. Had the pickled veggies along with the deviled eggs. Was great!! MH wife had the green beans and potato skins and the potato skins were phenomenal. Would recommend this place. Don't be scared of the neighborhood. Trust me its worth it.Philadelphia, you are incredibly fortunate to have this place as an available option. While in town for the convention, we kind of stumbled on this place. The staff was exceptionally accommodating, the prices are very reasonable, and we were incredibly fortunate to get a chance to talk with the chef. It is clear that Chef Val truly loves what he does. Do yourself a favor -- try a sampling of the small plates along with your meal. Chef Val puts a lot of love and extra effort in his prep.Walking down the street to where the Prohibition Taproom is located, I was reminded of the movie Judgement Night, which starred Emilio Estevez and his crew of suburbanite friends who after witnessing a murder, proceed to get stalked down the darkest alleyways of the inner-city. As I approached building, I wondered when I was going to see a trashcan fire, to make the scene complete. 
All of my uneasiness was quickly washed away, however, within minutes of walking inside. The two bartenders (who's names escape me, due to the admirable way they made our drinks) were excellent, and went often out of their way to make a good time out of a slow night.
Prohibition Taproom is a great off-the-beaten-path bar that can easily find it's way onto your list of bars that you like to frequent in the city.Boy is this place ever swell. 
First and foremost the service is top notch. And I don't give away good service reviews all that often (which you can read for yourself, that's the point here, right?) Whatever recruiting process they adhere to works splendidly because all the waitstaff are not only attentive and accurate but somehow terribly 'talented' (read: easy on the eyes.)
Second, the craft beer selection is a nice mix of local and well traveled and the the list is up-to-date even telling you what is coming up next. From high to low gravity with excellent descriptions included. And a fully stocked wet bar for the non-beer drinkers as well.
Third, the food has never been a miss in the two fistfuls of times I've eaten there. Deep-fried green beans: check! Meats and veggies: check! (Pulled pork, burgers and wings are all delish, and made to perfection. Plus a beet salad that is enough for a meal.) Market price grilled cheese: are  you kidding? Hell yes, check! (I didn't even know cheese fluctuated, but anyone with that much respect for cheese is ok in my book.)
Lastly, it may seem to be on a road less traveled but to me this is one of its highlights. It's therefore appropriately named and also, well, less traveled, if you catch my drift. A+Ascended broad to venture north of vine with the only companion I trusted would be willing to do so to give this place a try for happy hour a few nights ago. Two broads on broad. 
If you and/or your companion are as entertaining as me and/or tinasaurus you might just walk a block or two too far north. Eeks. 
This place is the one with the giant neon arrow enclosing the word "BAR" outside. 
The bar is long with plenty of seats and intermittent bar out-pouchings. These bar tentacles allow you to sit at the bar but also face your companion. Interesting and pivotal innovation. 
On this particular occasion we elected to be conventional and sat at the regular bar. We were provided menus. I had to ask specifically for a happy hour menu to receive one, somewhat manipulative imo. 
The happy hour prices are good. I believe $7 gets you the one happy hour cocktail they're offering. For my visit it was a brandy beverage. Dark liquors scream subsequent nausea to me so I usually pass. Luckily there were about 4 $4 beers on the happy hour menu. 
The most appealing choice was the Oktoberfest offering. Unfortunately they had not received the shipment yet. This begs the question of why on God's earth they would put this on the happy hour menu if it was not in their possession. 
Second best option was the nitro. My patience was tested while I waited for that shit to settle. Tinasaurus ordered a cider off the regular menu.  
The growling from the depths of our bowels indicated it was time to order food. (when is it not, tho?) Happy hour menu has some interesting and enticing options. We ultimately went with the hummus with veggies and flatbread (for health reasons) and fries (for emotional reasons). 
So the hummus is served with a black bean/garlic sauce on top, cucumbers, pickled carrots and some other shit including two giant green balls that may either be olives or grapes. I'm going to real here, as hummus' #1 fan, I was very disappointed in this. It just wasn't that good. It didn't taste much like genuine hummus. That black sauce on top was weird. Texture wasn't as smooth as it should be. I guess if you're looking for the real stuff it would be better to head over to dizengoff or zahav.
Fries, on the other hand, spectacular. One of the best I've had in memory. Thin AF, crispy and they didn't get lazy with the seasoning.  Fries accompanied by this delicious garlic creamy white sauce. Tina ate the shit out of it. I chose to alternate between that, ketchup, and sriracha dollops. 
Drink menu on the regular menu has tons of options. For my second beverage I chose this peach blueberry or some other fruit combo beer. Delicious. 
We did have to wait a hot minute for service even though we were legit sitting right in front of the face of the bartender. Bartender was nice though. 
I was also eyeing the mac and cheese some people sitting at the end of one of the bar tentacles ordered. The food here looks legit af, I would definitely come back to try some of their other stuff.truth.  the fried green beans alone are worth the drive into philly.  i had french onion soup which was spectacular.  my sister in law had some chicken bowl thing the size of china which she inhaled in 4 seconds.  even my brother didn't complain, and trust me, if there is something to complain about you'll know.
good service and excellent food.  you seriously can't go wrong here unless you are unlucky enough not to find an available seat :)