The sun never seems to set on Pumpkin Cafe, literally.  Has anyone else noticed that it's always bright and sunny in this place?  Or is Pumpkin Cafe simply my restaurant of choice for bright and sunny days when I'm escaping the office?  Hmmm... Either way, I love the crab cake sandwich and the peanut butter ice cream from Pumpkin Market right across the street.You know a place us good when nobody gives it fewer than 4 stars.
I've been here a handful of times - had everything from the Cuban Sandwich to the Breakfast Sandwich, Roast Beef to Green Chili.
And it is all so good.  It is probably a good thing I live like 12 minute walk away, any closer and I would go here like 4 times a week.
The only bad thing I have to say is that the sides are hit or miss - the beets and cole slaw in particular had very little flavor.incredible lunch food!!!!!!! i was moaning and groaning it was sooooo gooood!!!!!!!!!Strolling down that part of South Street (I don't live in Philly) I happened upon Pumpkin Cafe.....the food looked great but really what I needed was coffee to fuel the family sightseeing/shopping ahead.  I ordered a cappucino, not too light, at the counter.  A few minutes later a young woman walked in with the coffee in a giant cup; apparently it was brewed across the street at their sister market.After many-a-month of passing by, I stopped into Pumpkin to try their food -- I'm always drooling over whatever's written on their outdoor chalk board that day. Prior to this, I had only ordered coffee, which was delightful. In those coffee trips, I had noticed the tempting little containers of deli-like food, but today, I was ready to have something more lunch-like.
The temperature today in Philly was over 60 degrees. In honor of this unseasonably warm day/global warming, and in an attempt to satisfy my winter and suddenly spring pallets, I decided to order fresh juice and vegetarian chili. The ABC juice (apple, beet, carrot) was the best part! It really hit the spot on a day like today. Their juicer churned out a nice, smooth cup of nicely balanced juice that was gone by the time I reached my doorstep. 
As for the veggie chili...the best part was the pickle that came with it. It just wasn't that good. The beans were really overcooked/falling apart and the veggies seemed a little crunchy...something in there was slightly crunchy. I also wish that there was some sort of outstanding flavor to it as well. Weather it be spicy, chipotle, salty, etc., I guess I just think that chili should have some personality to it since it's so easy to assign flavor...you just chuck a little extra something in there (like, say, a hot pepper, maybe some mustard powder) that are going to compliment the other ingredients, stir and simmer. So, that was kind of a bummer. 
The pickle was pretty great though! Very crisp and dilly. And they sell them by the handful in their deli case -- oooooooh.
I will definitely be back at some point (just not ordering chili)!The only thing that comes to mind in describing this place is fun, artsy and homegrown, without the pretentiousness that usually comes with an establishment described as such.  I went on the recommendation of a friend who loves their coffee: the girl at the counter was genuinely friendly and helpful- I ordered their yogurt parfait to go which they made on the spot and a cup of their coffee (which is definitely good), and didn't even feel guilty about being a slave to the establishment or for my lack of assorted body art. They also have a lovely little outdoor area, if anyone is curious. I will definitely visit again.Ventured to Pumpkin Market right after brunching down the street at Cafe Apamate... This place gets tons of points on cuteness, I have to say.  All of the produce is in perfect little baskets or net sacks hanging on the wall (or attractively basket-ed in the cooler).. Signs are adorably handwritten with prices and place of origin.. Snacky things like nuts are chocolate-covered pretzels are in lovely little cellophane packages with bows and such.  Major points for cuteness.
Major points also for being on twitter, even though their updates come less frequently than their produce probably does.  It's nice to have, in the off chance they do post something interesting.
Points off, however, for the cost, which can get up there, less-than-frequent tweets and the size of the place.  I suppose that's probably unfair, but I often find that being in here is just enough to make me wish I was at whole foods.  Sigh.Breakfast burrito and turkey club are the best! A bit pricey, but very fresh! Short rib chili is also delicious'I love the chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe, provolone and sun dried tomato pesto.  You can't go wrong with the tomato and mozarella sandwich either.   Their ingredients are always fresh and consistent.  Sandwiches come with a small side of whatever pasta or potato salad they made that day, and their yummy crispy pickles.  It's a great place to stop in and grab a sandwich, although staying to eat it may be a problem because of how small the seating area is.  The thing I love about this place are the friendly people who work there, who are always willing to let me bring my dog inside, and even give him bacon while we wait!  He loves it and could find his way there from our house without guidance :)Good, fresh meals that almost always hit the spot.
I've had the lox bagel platter several times, the egg burrito and a bunch of the pasta specials. The employees are friendly and the space is great. Just wish the prices on certain things (coffee, smoothies, etc.) were a little lower. Also, I've had a few soups that weren't great and a salad or two I wouldn't have again.
Great place to pick up a fresh, "organic" (in quotes only because I'm not sure if everything's organic/local) meal or snack. The market also has some good grocery items if you're looking - the chocolate milk and chicken salad are DELICIOUS.Great food and lovely people.  The chef, Luis, is a God.  That man's breakfast burrito moves mountains.  I've eaten everything on the menu many times over and not once has it been anything less than delicious.  ALSO they sell Philly Fair Trade Coffee. AND THUNDERPIES.The food and service are great! Prices are reasonable.  My fiancé and I have always had a great experience.I wish I had known about Pumpkin Cafe earlier - but then again, maybe its a good thing, at least where my wallet is concerned. I live so close to it that I could very easily end up having all my meals there. 
My obsession probably has to do with the fact that they use fresh, local, seasonal produce in their menu. The salads are definitely my favorite since I loves me some veggies - the Roasted Beet is always a winner in my book, as is the Chopped Greek Salad, but the Cafe Salad is also pretty addicting. Sandwiches are also great. Everything just tastes fantastic and fresh - I have to try more of their prepared foods, and soon. Pumpkin Cafe is a great lunch spot, but they're also open later for dinner if you just want a casual meal out. The place itself is small, though, so don't come with a large group and expect to find seating. But since you can easily get things to go, you can choose the venue for your amazing meal. The staff there is really nice and friendly. You've got to try it!This place is great! We went for breakfast, had breakfast paninis and fresh pears! Everything is made right in front of you and the display of their salads made me wish we were there for lunch! prices are very reasonable...breakfast for my husband and I was just over $11.00. This is the kind of restaurant I wish we had near our house! The vibe inside is relaxed and makes you just want to linger...small, cozy, great breakfast and atmosphere!I work at 15th and Walnut, with many great lunch options within a 2 block radius of my office. However, whenever the weather is nice I make the solo 12-block trek to Pumpkin Cafe, that says a lot.
Pumpkin makes my favorite chicken salad sandwich, hands-down. Always super fresh, with the perfect proportions of savory tarragon chicken, sweet/tart green apples and peppery arugula.  The sandwich is huge, served between two perfectly grilled slices of bread, and accompanied by a fresh-made side and half-sour pickle.
The space is always bright/clean and the staff is always friendly. Go there, you won't be disappointed.Pumpkin Market provided my bf and I the perfect fixins for a delightful ala carte supper!  For 20 bucks we picked up enough sides (potato salad, carrot salad, olives, caprese salad, and french bread) to stuff ourselves silly.  The only way to improve on this place is for them to sell bottles of wine...but the bastard state of PA has made that dream impossible.
Great for vegetarians, great for lovers of tasty deli counter sides.The cafe is really tiny but serves up quality food that is always really fresh. The kitchen is basically an open kitchen since it shares the same little space as the seating area in the cafe. The basic offerings are sandwiches, salads, breakfast, and chili. I have tried several of the sandwiches, and they were all amazing. My mother even asks me to bring home their turkey club whenever I make the journey home. They also give you a little side of chickpea salad and a homemade pickle to go with your meal. The price is certainly not cheap ($8-9 for a sandwich) but worth it for what you get.
**Pumpkin Cafe may have closed since the space is vacant and the cafe section of the menu has been taken off the site, but you can find the same cafe menu under the market link. Pumpkin market is located directly across the street from the cafe.Just a great place to have around. The food is great and staff attentive and down to earth. Pricey, but quite worth it. Anything you get here will be good.Pretty cool place with a small but local and organic selection. The breakfast sandwiches are a bit pricey but good.I am in love with this place. It is my go to when I have no staples/side dishes ready to go. I love the bean, chicken, orzo salad etc!  Have not had a bad one there!  A little on the pricy side but worth it for a healthy tasty dish. 
I have had a sit down lunch there once which was also good.Watermelon & Feta salad (with arugula and mint).
There you have it.  That's all you need to know.  Now GO GO GO!I enjoy venturing out a block or two away for some fresh, local produce.  While the prices are higher than, say, Sue's Produce, I feel the quality is better, and you can't beat local for nutrition and environmental footprint.  :)  The staff so far has been very friendly.  Selection is good for the size of the store; they pack it in.  
Do not eat animal products, did not check those out.I am one of those people who lives in the neighborhood, constantly lamenting the lack of cute places to shop for groceries.  Then, when such an establishment actually opens mere minutes from my home, i never go!
Shame on me.  I am trying to make up for my lack of patronage, though.  For example, i just stopped by pumpkin market after a hot yoga class.  I was craving a smoothie and pumpkin satisfied that craving - and then some!  I ordered the strawberry banana and it was darn tasty.  The cost, $4.75, raised my brow at first, but upon the first sip, i knew it was worth every penny.
While waiting for my smoothie, i perused the wares and pumpkin surely has what you need - produce, dairy, local meats, sweets, granola, pasta (i could go on).
Pumpkin market, keep delivering the goods and i promise not to ignore you ever again!It's places like this that make you feel good about being in the neighborhood.  There is something to be said for no-frills, honest good ingredients when it comes to a simple meal.  Went here on a sunday afternoon looking for brunch.  I got the cuban panini sandwich and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.  The ciabatta bread was nice and crispy, yet soft on the inside.  The sandwich itself was quite large as well.
Definitely will be returning to this spot in the future.Pumpkin changed their menu recently, including dumping the roast beef sandwich and short rib chili (WHY??), keeping my sane by saving the Green Pork Chili, and adding a veggie chili (is any veggie chili going to hold a flame to short rib chili) and strip steak tacos (now we're talking).
But my real beef is that the past 3 or 4 times I've visited Pumpkin Cafe, the line moves slower than cement.  Two people are not enough to staff this restaurant.  Can you please hire one more person to just take orders and be cashier, while another clears tables, hands out food, makes smoothies, etc.?  I am tired of the apologies for how long it takes.  After a while it is not just inconvenient, it is annoying.  People are walking out because the line is so long and shows no signs of moving.  Ugh.I had the Cuban sandwich and it was, seriously, the best cuban sandwich I've ever had.  The pork was really lean and tender.  They add jalapenos which I thought was a nice touch.  And the pickles!  They include a pickle on the side (as well as the ones in the sandwich) which was extremely fresh and crisp, and seemed homemade.  The sandwich also came with a chickpea salad on the side which was a nice change.  Service was very friendly and prompt as well.I want to like this place but the amount of fat that came with my pork sandwich was completely repulsive. once I picked through the meat my sandwich was excellent. I just wish I didn't have to pick through it to make it edible. friendly staff!Given they roast their own beans in the basement, I was expecting an above than average cup from Pumpkin Market.  The cappuccino I ordered took the efforts of both employees and more than 10 minutes to pull.  I'm not sure how they did it, but this was easily the worst I've had in Philly.  Even Saxby's is better.  Sigh.  I won't be back.  Oh yea, their stuff's expensive, too.I'm a fan (4 starts), but some serious limitations (-1 star) ...
Very cute place! The Polaroid picture decor is pretty cool, and some outdoor seating is always nice. Not a lot of seating though, but you can get your food to go, so its really not a big deal.
Food: The breakfast burrito is awesome. I also love the caneles. However, due to popularity the food runs out pretty quickly and its probably smart to think of 2nd and 3rd choices while you're waiting in line. Yes, there is usually a line.
Service: small space, high demand makes it difficult for service to by any more efficient. Be prepared to wait.
Overall, the food at pumpkin has been good to me, but usually have to settle for 2nd or 3rd choice. But you should go there, at least once.The downstairs is a really cute spot. Cozy but not too cramped. 
Get the Turkey BLT. I have never tried anything else there and never will because this Turkey BLT is incredible. 
The staff is very friendly. The atmosphere is overall very nice. And goddamn that Turkey BLT. I get weak to the knees thinking about it whenever in that area.i did two stars, because this place used to be good. the crab cake sandwich use to be delicious with the recipe from last summer. it was made with mustard seeds, and very little dairy. it was savory, and tasted fresh and delicious. the new recipe is greasy, mayo drenched, and tastes canned. they also changed the turkey club, which is also mayo drenched now too. changed back the recipes, and i will change my review. holla back at me when it's good again, and i will be glad to patron this spot.Frankly, I really want to love this place but I think it's just okay. Their small selection of groceries and ready made food is pretty expensive for what it is. I would much rather get those things from Delicious Bites across the street. The food itself is pretty good but my favorite reason for going to Pumpkin is to get a milkshake, they have Bassett's ice cream. The employees are really nice here too.I'm in love with this place. First the staff were really helpful in recommending what soups or sandwich to get and they were delicious. I brought the soup home and my husband was surprised that it doesn't taste like your typical soup from wawa. It's fresh, wholesome, and delicious. The lady even asked if I wanted to take a picture so if I come more often I can get a free sandwich or something. How nice. Will come back again.The kind of place you walk into and feel passion and love - for food and maybe for a purpose.  One of my first thoughts is that this place very well represents some changes that have been blowing in the wind in the neighborhood (now germinating), along with maybe some growing pains.  But nonetheless, PM serves the community well, and with a very relaxed shoulder.  Oh, they serve absolutely stunning coffee here.   And they take your picture and hang it on the wall, stamping it to track the cups of coffee you've purchased.  A fun touch that makes me feel welcome.  The employees will become friends of yours. The place is well thought out, featuring local produce, perishables, ice cream, dry goods, baked goods and snacks.  It's bright, it's tiny, it is rather expensive (even though I was desperate, I had to put down the jug of syrup for ~$15).  If you notice some foodstuffs you like but are not stocked, let them know.  I am falling in love with Pumpkin Market.Great place for lunch. Love the turkey club. They are delicious, filling, and huge. The crab cake sandwich is okay and the chicken salad is good too.
Good smoothies as well though overpriced.uh, did i miss the memo here? i thought this place was a market.  there is, like, one chilled case to the left of the front door, which has such a paltry selection of produce, prepackaged food, and some soy milk. maybe i don't understand the concept, or i'm missing the entrance to the labyrinth that takes me to a larger area with more food items??? 
until i consult the magic 8-ball to give me the answer to the above inquiry, i'll spend my time at one of the many farmer's markets in the area...I love coming here just to get the nutella and banana panini.  It's one of those foods that parents always forbid their children to have, and the children order  every chance they get.  It's basically a portable dessert for breakfast.  What could be better?  Service is so nice and they have a decent selection of offerings, including salads and sandwiches.  I just go for the breakfast items.Very solid all-around.  I love going for a quick sandwich on a weekday evening and they also do a solid brunch (try the breakfast burrito).  High quality ingredients and a good variety of food (I recommend the Meatball, the Turkey Club, or the Banh Mi).  Get your photo up on the wall and you'll eventually get some free sandwiches.
I still haven't tried everything here and am looking forward to going back.best place for a truly fresh and filling sandwich! based on other's recommendations we got the cuban and the turkey club. the turkey club was absolutely delicious and as another poster mentioned they do not skimp on the avocado. The cuban was really good too, however, the mustard was a tad spicy for my taste! Definitely recommend if it your taste buds can handle it. Can't wait to go back and try some of their drinks!Love this place! The sandwiches are delicious and taste so fresh. They say they use organic ingredients and it certainly shows. The cafe itself is very small but great for something on the go. Walked by it the other day and saw it was closed! I hope they are moving because I will be very sad if they are gone for good.Even though this place is cash only, we fell in love. The pumpkin gnocchi and the beet salad - slobbber. Even better, the chef made a special vegetarian entree for all of us which we gratefully devoured. Our waitress was a gem and knew where all the food came from when asked (most items are local). Cannot wait to go back!Love love love this little gem. Visited on a blustery afternoon, and was served a steaming bowl of vegetarian chili (a pretty big one, too). This is the kind of place where it's ok to head over by yourself, or with a friend or two, but keep in mind it's very small. There's a nice bar directly in front of the window for people watching. While I was there, the owner and workers talked with me, and were so friendly and welcoming. So based on the chili, the food was great (and I could see two people enjoying a crab cake sandwich and tomato soup), and the people very friendly. Amazing find!dear roger,
i went to pumpkin market last night after i parked my car. i was feeling it. i read that they got in a new line of raw/organic/gluten-free baked goods, so i intended to just check those out. well, i bought a bunch of that stuff, but i also purchased some of their own hummus, produce, dried fruit, nuts, tofu, and other random stuff. it's awesome in there. even though it's small, they have a great selection. most of it is local, and they have meat, pasta, cheese, baked goods, produce, and pretty much anything you could want. everything is marked too, so you know if it isn't local.
you have to check it out.
it's a bit pricey, but i'm willing to cough up a little extra dough to support the little guy and the local products.
they have a coffee and juice bar too!
yours,
rogieI was a little bit nervous when Pumpkin Market and Pumpkin Cafe merged into one- but everything seemed to go smoothly and the quality hasn't been effected at all. One of my favorite things on the menu is the Roasted Turkey Sandwich- with bacon. I love that the bacon is cooked to order- giving it the perfect crispiness and freshness that a sandwich needs. The bread is soft and the avocado is always the right colored green- never browning as if it were cut in the morning to be used throughout the day.
I've also had the Smoked Salmon on a Bagel- which is delicious if that is what I am craving. I love that breakfast is served all day- just in case I get a late start to my Saturday.
Yes, the sandwiches are on the pricier side, but for the quality and size I don't think its that outrageous.The chili is to die for!  No matter what I get to eat there, I always get an order of chili to go for alter.
The seating is very limited, but there always seems to be some available each time I visit.So I'm in Philly (16th and Bainbridge) and it's like 6 pm and the cool kids I'm with have decided that we're going to make milkshakes tonight. So we're going to walk to the corner mart for milk. Milk-shakes. Get it? Well I decide out of the blue that I really need a gooey ridiculous cookie to go with my milkshake...so I spot Pumpkin on the way, and I go in.
EVERYTHING was so clean and amazing-looking. They had the presentation and variety that makes you crave foods you haven't thought about in years...All of a sudden, I REALLY wanted to taste that funky dunky cold salad that was beautifully packaged in the display.
But I had to focus. So I did.
The cookies did not look too impressive, and they even had cut-up samples to taste...they didn't taste impressive either...but the market is so small and personable that you're compelled to buy something anyway. So i start looking around and I see some brownies...sure thing...I taste them, and they turn out to be the BEST brownies ever in life ever. EVER. So now I'm pumped. It's not the cookie I wanted, but it's a delicious baked good that will accompany my milkshake perfectly. So I dig in my pockets for some cash, and I come up short. 
I walk up to the register. I ask her:
"Would it be totally obnoxious for me to pay for this ($1.50 brownie) with a credit card?"
I braced myself for the brash east-coast growl...
"I'm sorry, you can't. But you can pay me later..."
WHAT?! 
WHAT?!
I can pay her LATER?! I'm a big scary black man, folks. And this is PHILADELPHIA...
Obviously, I was taken aback...
"But there will be no later..." I say.
"Where do you live?"
"Los Angeles..."
"Just take it."
"Excuse me?"
"Take the stupid brownie. It's delicious. I want you to have it."
The rest is a blur. I thanked her 5,000 times and left with my friends who were just as stupefied.
Recap:
Best brownie in my life.
Clean, enticing food choices and presentation.
Nice, non-growling owner/attendant
FREE BROWNIE.
And sadly/deliciously the brownie never made it to the milkshake table.I've heard many positive reviews of Pumpkin and stopped in the Cafe to quickly pick up a warm beverage. I ordered the Aztec Hot Chocolate with 2% milk. There was not enough mix, it was too watery, and no sweetness. It was very disappointing especially when this is the best time of the year to drink it. If you are going to have it on the menu, please make it better or don't offer hot chocolate. But the rest of the cafe was cute and the menu looked yummy.If you don't like this place you are a moron who knows nothing about food. Everything prepared with care. If you have never been, try the Sunday tasting menu (make a reservation.) Fresh, clean, delicious.Although the cafe is closed, the market is still open. Serves the same menu as the cafe, thank goodness :)pumpkin primer:
cafe: deli (hot cold sandwiches, salads, soups, etc.)
market: ice cream, juices/smoothies, random grocery items
restaurant: dinner
Food is delicious from the cafe! i had the chicken taragon salad which was nice and light on whole wheat toasted like a panino. Hubs had steak tacos with fresh tomato, goat cheese, etc. Funny that the juice we ordered came from across the street at the market, but I guess that makes sense. One star off for being on the pricey side..The food is really good fresh and local which makes me happy inside.  However I wish the owner would acknowledge customers when they come in.  I used to go at least once a week and slowly have been going less and less.  She made a booth for herself?  Only one time have I seen customer's eating at the booth.  The last time I was in I ordered food to go...I got a special and was allergic to one of the side dishes so I asked for them to give me another item instead of what they had.  When I got my meal home and opened it...no substitution.The market is wonderful and has a great selection of fresh produce! My friend ordered the bacon, egg, and cheese panini and loved it! I will definitely have to return when I'm in the area!I came here yesterday early in the AM expecting to meet a friend at Pumpkin Cafe - but they don;t open until 10 or 11, so I got a FABULOUS fresh-juiced, juice of ABC (Apple, Beet, Celery) plus parsley and a bit of ginger.  $4.75 (ouch) but worth it.
The banana was .50 cents.
They also have delectable Almond Croissants from Metropolitan Bakery, Fresh Duck eggs for a buck each, frozen locally sourced meats and lots of great goodies.
The lady at the front counter/barrista is a doll!
NICE!Huge fan.  The short rib chili is incredible, especially on a snowy day like today.  It comes with shredded cheddar cheese sprinkled on top and a delicious roll.  I also love their turkey sandwich as well as their smoothies.  Everything tastes very fresh.We love both Cafe and Market, but feel sad that they've lost a space.  Still great for ten dollar dinners to go and organic produce.I tend to spend my mornings on their bench outside while sipping a green tea. Friendly staff and as far as I can tell people are diggin' their pastries and coffee :) I've almost always opted for one of their vegan chocolate chip cookies (small, thin and crisp, I love it!) which I think they get from North Port Fishington Cookie Company.
Great spot, remember though they're not open on Mondays!This place has some awesome vegetarian options!
The vegan black bean burger is amazing and the chickpea salad that came with it was delicious too!I stumbled on this cute little cafe when I was in the neighborhood for business. I had the crab cakes and oatmeal cookie and both were wonderful. If I lived in the area I'm sure visits here would become a habit. As it is, I'm adding it to my list for the next time I'm in town.4.5 Stars
+ Turkey Club Sandwich was absolutely out of this world. All of the ingredients were fresh and properly proportioned (I sometimes find that restaurants skimp on avocado, but no such thing here!) and so, so delicious.
+ Sandwiches served with a cute, zesty chickpea salad and pickle. 
+Good amount of selections for meat-eaters and veg's alike.
+ Love the comfy, low-key vibe, free self-serve water with lemon. Juicer wasn't working that day, so the cashier ran over to the Market to get me a cup of apple juice.  
Yum! Definitely will be back.I've been meaning to try Pumpkin Cafe for ages now, and I was glad I finally my plans to get brunch there, and sadly heard they are now combined into Pumpkin Cafe and Market now. Eh, no biggie! This cute little casual market has seating downstairs.  We enjoyed the breakfast burrito and a cup of joe's coffee. Good coffee! Great little market for local produce and groceries too.  Seems to be very dog friendly too!Me: Hey, let's escape the madness of businesspeople lunch hour today! 
Friend: Ugh. Does that mean we have to walk outside in the cold? 
Me: Well, yes. But it's worth it.  Plus, do you really want to be clumped with the I-only-walk-within-a-three-block radius-of-my-building-out-of-laziness people? 
...
Didn't think so.
Enter: Pumpkin Café.
Sandwiches, salads, soups, fruit smoothies, french press coffee...mm.
FRESH.
Pleasant service. Reasonable prices.
Sun-facing outdoor seating. Mini market under the same name across the street, restaurant half a block over.
Yum.I tried again.  The girl behind the counter made me repeat my order 3 times before she acknowledged what I said.  The sandwich -a turkey club- was not great (could've gotten better at Delicious Bites across the street).  I showed it to my friend that I was visiting on the next block he said he got the same sandwich last week and looked completely different.  He said don't eat there unless Luis is cooking it's the only way to get guaranteed consistently good food.Let me preface by saying that I truly love Pumpkin Café and I go there all the time. I'm someone who really appreciates their local, farm fresh approach, but sadly everything changed today when I went in for my regular Café Salad with a chicken cutlet on top. 
Their menu was different and the problem? I'm a creature of habit. You mean no more salad with crumbled bleu cheese, topped with pumpkin seeds and fruit chunks? They still offer a Café Salad, but it's not the original and while it's okay, I'm not a huge fan of arugula and there was something heavenly about the old dressing no longer apparent in the new dressing. I've been torn from my comfort zone and thrust into a new, bizarro salad world.
Alas, I sighed and order the strip steak tacos and those were quite good. My friend's turkey sandwich came stacked with bacon, avocado, lettuce, and mayo and man that was great. 
Ironically, as I write this review, a song by The Thermals plays in the background, what's being sung? "I Let it Go." And so I say farewell to my very favorite salad in the world. No big.Absolutely wonderful, best I've had in the city, breakfast bagel sandwich.  Yes, it took a long time and was quite pricey, but so so yum! Worth a splurge.  Pumpkin market has lot of other wonderful items that I look forward to trying.in a pinch I use this market. But it is overpriced and the selection is pretty minimal. The staff is usually friendly, but I have had much better service elsewhere. The prices are high considering the quality and level of service. The cookies, although I was told they were purchased that day, were hard as rocks. I threw some of them away rather than ruin my teeth trying to eat them.  Too bad.Always spend more than $10 on their breakfast menu and never regret about this decision.
Fresh produce and delicious pesto sauce as well as their mix olives.I really liked this restaurant alot.  My son lives in this area, so, I took him and my husband there for dinner last night.  We were just walking around, looking for a nice place for a quick dinner.  The restaurant is colorful, cheerful, friendly, and has good service.  The food was amazing.  I had the vegetarian chili, and a cheese panini.  My husband had the dinner stew special.  My son had the tacos.  Each meal was fantastic.  Good ingredients, good seasoning.  All in all, a very nice experience.  Reasonable prices.  I highly recommend the Pumpkin Cafe.I went there for a quick lunch today and really enjoyed the chopped greek salad. There was a homemade roasted green pepper on top and that was grilled and chilled to perfection and it was actually really really spicy (love anything that is spicy!). The ingredients were fresh and as others revieweres mentioned, the woman at the cafe kept going across the street to retrieve fresh ingredients from the Pumpkin Market. Reminded me of a Mixt Greens salad in San Francisco.Chili worth driving across town for!
I've been here so many times and it's become one of my local favorites for great hot sandwiches, a bowl of chili and service with a smile.
This cafe is part of Pumpkin, the BYO which also has a market across from the cafe on South near 16th.  I think it got it's name from a nickname the owners call each other.  At least that's what her mom says.  
All are in decent locations, although parking can be a nightmare most of the time.  But there's always a spot to slide into for a minute if you just wanna buzz in and out.
It's pretty small inside, but has a nice feel, with the open kitchen, and friendly staff.  Grab the table near the service counter, if you have more than two people eating...but the seating near the windows are cool too.
The menu has lots to choose from.  Sandwiches, hot and cold, breakfast is served all day and there are prepared selections in the cabinet at the front of the place.  Sure things are the chicken cutlet sandwich, the cuban and the portabello sandwich.   A definite is the chili.  There are two kinds,  the red and the green.  I prefer the red.  It's plentiful and just plain yummy....I would say split a sandwich with someone if you wanna get the chili as well, since it's quite a lot for most people.
Check it out!Despite only rating it 3 stars in my previous review, I've been going here pretty regularly. I'm not sure why, but it's flaws are easily forgivable. The substitutes are good, and I've learned to love them as well. 
Recently, I've been going here for my pre-work coffee. And instead of a coffee & croissant combo I get elsewhere, I get a coffee & canele. I'm addicted!I'm all about the pasta salads at Pumpkin Cafe (pesto tortellinis...even the potato salad is good!), but they're not open on mondays which is annoying. And sometimes the service really sucks. I totally understand the concept of having a small business and only a couple of people behind the counter, but it's often just laziness.There is one older woman who always takes forever to help customers, and she always acts like everyone in the store is an inconvenience to her (all I asked for was a pasta salad....really?!). I've tried to order the Club sandwich as it looks mighty good, but last time I asked for it she said the turkey "wasn't ready"....whatever that means? On two different occasions she took so long to help me that I was forced to leave with an empty stomach. I also witnessed another woman have to leave on an empty stomach for the same reason. Empty Stomach = Not cool.I've been frequenting Pumpkin Cafe for quite some time and have learned to roll with the punches as they've tweaked and adjusted their menu over the years.  It's always been a pretty solid and tasty spot for a quick casual bite.  Most recently, I tried the "new" vegan black bean burger adorned with red pepper relish, provolone (sorry, not an actual vegan) and avocado.  It was downright fabulous.  The bun was a delicious, fresh brioche, the greens atop the burger were crisp, and the homemade burger itself was full of mushy, garlicky, beany flavor in the middle and augmented by a crispy outer layer.  Bravo!Four months have passed since my original review and I'm just writing an update to inform you of my consistent obsession with the Café Salad. Lately, I've been on a two-time per week bender...that is: 2 salads per week. I dare you to find better lunchtime lettuce in the city. The marriage of the simple flavors creates an unparalleled midday experience, so get one already, but remember to add the chicken cutlet.
This is yet another item to be added to the mandatory meals list.yay! pumpkin. such a cute name, right? so clean on the inside! such a cute little logo! sigh. oh, pumpkin...you give to me a toothache.
really aces mango sorbet, a damn fine strawberry milkshake, the BLT with avocado--these are some recent standouts for me.
the girl behind the counter is always courteous and the fella who does the actual cooking is nice as well. bonus points for being close to work!I heart Pumpkin =P The first time I went I wasn't sure if I'd be back too often; it's small, with one booth and some stool seating, more outside when the weather's nice. The menu is typical cafe size, and the prices are a little on the high side for sandwiches and whatnot. 
However, the food itself is excellent  (and it feels good to support local business), and I've almost gotten enough sandwiches on my punch card for a free one. Fresh ingredients, creative combinations, and oh so tasty. I crave their portobello mushroom sandwich, and they're becoming one of my favorite places for a low-key brunch; most dishes come with a side of something refreshing/healthy like fruit salad/slices. The staff is always very friendly, and they're often running between the cafe and Market across the street for fresh foods.Awesome, as far as neighborhood take out places go. Their turkey club is massive and good, their chili's solid, they have decent, fresh coffee and bassett's ice cream, and excellent cookies. Everyone that works that works there is genuinely pleasant and welcoming. I love their wall of pics of customers, instead of frequent buyer cards. I'm up there, and have racked up a lot of stamps over the years.Nice little...very little..shop selling local and organic items. I was pretty impressed to see honey from the town next to my hometown! They roast their own coffee. Which made me horribly nostalgic for my brother in laws fresh roasted coffee. My Mom always said support the  small little businesses in your town. Really the prices are quite fair for the quality. So stop in and buy some stuff!Great sandwiches and coffee. I like the solid effort to support locals so it's expected their groceries are a bit pricey.  It's not the best for tea though but it is a coffee place.  Great, great sandwiches and crazy tasty canelles.Food is a little pricey BUT I have experienced the best breakfast burrito ever at the Pumpkin Cafe. Eggs, cheddar cheese, black beans, fresh avacado and a slightly toasted tortilla exterior: simple, I know, but sooo goood. I am also a big fan of the vegetable chille: perfect amount of hot, variety of beans and vegetabels, and to my delight topped off with cheddar cheese and chunks of avacado, with a side option of sourdough or whole grain bread.
I have only had these items and their coffee (which was amazing) and a taste of the potato celery soup (which I loved!) and I am dying to go back for more.
A co-worker of mine has had the chicken salad sandwich and loved it.
I am very impressed with the small open kitchen, the staff is super friendly and the basement, though cold, has boothes and small tables to relax at. Daily specials are posted on a chalk board above the kitchen space and there is a great small selection of organic market items, homemade pumpkin market salads, etc.
This place is a must go and a LaBan reviewed! I can't wait to go back!love it.  breakfast burrito is great, and available all day.  easy, quick, mostly good-for-you.