Probably the best tasting banh mi option in Chinatown.  While I've gotten others with more meat and/or vegetables inside, it's the flavor of the bread and the ingredients that will draw me back for more. It's a tad on the pricier side for these types of sandwiches, but the mother and daughter running it are sweet and there's decent room to eat inside the restaurant.Hooooooly cow.  Never had such an awesome sub in my LIFE!  I live in New Jersey and happened upon Q.T. one afternoon while visiting some family.  I'm honestly depressed that they only have one location.  Hands down one of the best sandwich shops I've EVER visited.
Oh and the people there are just amazing.  So warm and friendly!!Their QT special Banh mi is amazing. Best Banh mi place in the area.I have worked my way through the menu twice now, and I can comfortably say that this is my favorite Vietnamese Sandwich joint in Philly.  
Like all of the reviews say, the bread is fresh, the ingredients are delicious, and the ladies who run this place always take your order with a smile.  
I keep finding myself ordering the lemongrass tofu, but if you want something a little more adventurous, the special is unlike any other sandwich in the city.I wasn't overly impressed- seemed the price was a bit high and the meat a bit skimpy. I got the House #1 special and it was flavorful- but I'm used to a lot of meat on my sandwiches.
The lady was super nice and service was fast. But I wasn't feeling the meat love.Bright clean flavors in a bright friendly place. Owner is so nice.  Great bread. I love the tofu lemongrass.One of the top Bahn Mi sandwiches in Philly. I had the BBQ Banh Mi sandwich - the BBQ pork, pickled carrots and the crispy French roll were so delicious. My son had the Bun Rieu which was spicy and true to style with crab broth and noodles. He sweated through every spicy spoonful, but he said it was so worth it. The owners are super friendly and many regulars stopped for lunch at this favorite spot in Chinatown.The first banh mi I've tried and I haven't been able to find one I like as much since. Seriously the best tasting and so fresh.The house special was amazing. It's refreshing, tasty, not heavy, and I could eat like five.Hands down the best Bahn Mi in the city!  I'm a regular (even though I almost always forget my punch card :-/. ). I've been to pretty much every Bahn Mi place in Chinatown and off of Washington Avenue in S.E. Philly, and while I've had some great rolls in a few of the other places, overall you can't beat this one.  The cherry on top is the family members who own and run this business proudly are genuinely genuine!  I'd recommend any one of their choices.  Enjoy.The good thing about having a bike at work is that I'm not confined to the greater Rittenhouse Square area for lunch anymore. Even though most of my favorite's are in Rittenhouse, it helps to feel a little free. Today, for example, I thought I'd enjoy a warm bike ride to Chinatown to try what QT has to offer. When I worked in Market East, I remember walking by QT when it first opened and being intrigued by the idea of bahn mi, but the shop looked a little bare and beat. It is quite the opposite today. It is bright and pretty lively. The service is fast and super friendly, also.
I ordered a lemongrass tofu hoagie. The roll was crusty outside, soft inside, and not too doughy in the middle. The lemongrass wasn't overpowering, which I appreciated, but it was definitely presen in the tofu. I asked for just a few jalepenos (the fact that they ask earns bonus points) and they were delicious but crazy hot since the seeds are left in the slices. I am full after my sandwich, but I feel like it was somewhat healthy, right?
On my way down Filbert St., I saw a guy throw a crumpled up napkin at a couple of pigeons for no reason while he was walking down the sidewalk. Littering is like breathing in Market East, but it was a particularly angry gesture. I rode by and I'm pretty sure he tried to spit in the direction of my bike and MISSED. Just like how he missed the pigeons. Because they're birds and they can fly. I was annoyed, although not surprised, and after I picked up my inexpensive and somewhat substantial sandwich and hopped back on my bike to trek back to my office where I sit in an ergonomic chair while Dr. Litterbug aimlessly wanders around the bus station for the rest of forever, I felt much better about everything in this world. Worth it, worth it, worth it.I'm not going to go into the subtle nuances of how great these sandwiches are. I'm just going to tell you, straight up, I eat here like, 3-4 times a week. My usual is the chicken banh mi and a mango boba tea. It's heaven on earth! The service is great and super friendly and that bread...*drool*.Everything about this place is great. The food of course is excellent. The staff are very friendly and helpful. If you like spicy food ask for the house made "special sauce". Super spicy and delicious! A must visit in Philly!The only place for bang mi for this dude.  Here's why: it's fresh fresh and more fresh.  From the baguette to to the pate,  to the carrots these guys take care in the special sandwich of our people.    Go there and eat some.Honestly, who WANTS to go to Subway when they can run down to 10th & Arch and pick up a freshly made banh mi footlong for around $5?  You're insane for missing out on the generous portions of protein, crunchy pickled veggies and cilantro, all layered in fresh bread with a crunchy crust and a light scraping of mayo.  Jalapenos are optional, of course, but unforgettable if the spice is right up your alley.
I've had the BBQ pork, chicken, and the lemongrass tofu, and all of these variations have played out wonderfully for dinner.  If you can hold off half for leftovers, rest assured that it keeps really well to the next day's lunch.
Only downside: cash is a must, since they charge additional fees for using a card, and parking might be dicey during Chinatown rush hour traffic.  Boo.I didn't note the street number and was just walking down 10th Street figuring I'd find this place easily enough. I walked by it, twice, looking for it. Signage not obvious, kind of a nondescript storefront.
Very friendly staff preparing the food. I ordered two sandwiches around 1pm on a Friday and sat on a stool and waited. The next 3 customers to come in were clearly regulars and the girl behind the counter greeted them all with recognition. That was nice to see.
The House Special #1 was delicious. One of the meats had a lot of white pepper flavor, which I love. And there was something quite garlicky, I think maybe the mayo? I happen to love garlic too, so was happy with that. The carrot was grated rather than matchstick-shaped, which I think made it get lost a bit. I prefer the matchstick cut so that the crunchy texture comes through more. I also missed not having pickled daikon along with the carrot. The bread was nicely crispy outside and soft inside. I asked for it extra spicy and got a few more slices of jalapeno inside. Overall a flavorful and well-seasoned sandwich I'd happily order again.
The Lemongrass Tofu #9 sandwich was not bad, but kind of bland in comparison. The tofu is fried, but sliced thin, so once again, texture is a little soft, especially with the grated carrot topping. The lemongrass comes through nicely, but the filling didn't have enough punch to hold it's own against the bread. I probably wouldn't order this one again.My #1 bahn mi place in the city. I've been coming here for years and I praise the old woman who never fails to make me the ultimate bahn mi. I always get the house special and she always picks the best pepper -- so spicy I cry after every bite... Just the way I like it. I have other favorite bahn mi spots but this has my heart.Quite possibly the best inexpensive lunch in Philly.  $5.50 for a great sandwich.  Good amount of meat to bread ratio, along with flavorful fillings and sauces.  There is no language barrier, which is not expected in Chinatown, but always pleasant to find.  I will say that Lee's on Washington still has my heart as #1 bahn mi, but this place is a close second.  It can be difficult to get a seat here, but as long as it's a nice day out, no reason not to just go outside and eat anyway.  They will wrap it up nicely for you so it's easy to eat on the go.This is one of my go-to Vietnamese spots to grab cafe sua da - vietnamese iced coffee. The food is authentic and tastes great! I'm a lover of banh mi and they make great ones.I'm Chinese so I don't know Viet hoagies.  But having tried a few places in town, I still resort to this little shop.  The #1 is perfectly fine, if not on the small side.  I love every layer, from baguette ... to having jalapenos in them.  Its the only thing I order there.Sandwich was solid. Heavy on the mayo, but I notice a lot of philly spots are heavy on it. I feel like it's more of a geographical reason why it's like that. Bread nice and crunch. 
Had the ice coffee.. expected way more taste. It was more of a mocha frap then a viet ice coffee...
Cashier was nice tho.#1 house special, fresh toasty baguette with unidentifiable Vietnamese luncheon meats and the usual condiments. The woman behind the counter was quite nice, and I was amazed at how she and her coworker could stand over the stove in the tiny shop as the temps approached 95F outside.  They're on the pricey side as far as banh mi goes; I'm used to more in the $3 range in the Bay Area and back home in Colorado (would give 3.5 stars if I could).The gold standard for Banh Mi sandwiches. I always pick up the lemongrass tofu if I'm in the area and never regret it. It's unlike any tofu I've ever had-- it's got great texture and great flavor.
Exceptional service, exceptional food. Always a Chinatown staple.I probably eat here twice a week, and either get the mushroom, tofu and onion hoagie or the lemongrass with jalapenos, and they are amazing, especially for the price! And in response to the comment below about the sandwich maker looking miserable - ive always had a great experience with the ladies at qt, very endearing, happy and kind people.Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich at North 10th (Between Arch and Filbert) is a welcome addition to Chinatown serving up delicious Vietnamese Hoagies and interesting soups with a great big smile, at really reasonable prices. 
The place is a clean, simple set up with a couple of bar stools if you want to enjoy your food there--and the service is very sweet.  
The hoagies are their specialty, but there are many other options on the menu, including soups like one I tried that had pineapple, tofu and mushrooms--an interestingly tasty combo!I absolutely looooove their lemongrass tofu hoagie!! 
I've been on a hunt for the perfect vegetarian banh mi and I must say QT's was absolutely divine! Minus one star for the increased pricing. No matter the location, all banh mi should be $3 max.I love getting a banh mi here (or as they call it in Philadelphia, a "Vietnamese hoagie"). I recommend the lemongrass tofu, the BBQ pork, and the QT special. Great place to stop and get a lunch to go if you're getting on a Greyhound bus at the nearby station. Very good customer service too.The last time I ate here was a couple of months ago, but i can still remember.  I usually go to the philly chinatown for noodle soup, but i ALWAYS stop by QT viet sandwich shop afterwards to get a "special" for the next meal to take home.  The sandwich is slightly pricey, but they make up for it with good ingredients, and tasty innerds.  Also the quality of the bread was yummy.  All in all if you are in town, and love banh mi's.. try this place out.  Service is quick, and workers are friendly.
Will stop by next time Im in town.My first time trying Banh Mi was at QT and I'm hooked! Btw, QT is the owner and she is usually the one behind the counter. She's an absolute sweetheart, very friendly and approachable. 
The service is terrific, food is amazingly fresh, soups and sandwiches are equally tasty. It's a great deal too if you're in the area. I ordered 2 sandwiches between 2 people, and I still had leftovers. I am definitely coming back.I've been here twice now, and the bread is consistently good. The sandwiches could use some more herbs though. I will definitely be back.This is a great take out spot or quick lunch. They have an amazing lemongrass tofu sandwich. Recently I got their tofu summer roll here. It was good and tasted like the same tofu they use in their sandwiches but didn't meet my expectations for a summer roll.  I thought it  would of been filled with more veggies but all it had it in was the tofu, rice noodles, and a lil bit of cabbage. It was good but a lil boring and I've had better tofu/veggie summer rolls else where.I had a Cá Mòi (sardine) Banh Mi with paté, and it was excellent. The bread was great---fresh and toasted perfectly. There are only a couple tables here, but it's cute, clean, and the staff are friendly. Next time I'm in the mood for a tasy sandwich, I'll head here.I started crying as I finished my House Special Bánh mì Sandwich because I didn't want it to end.
It's true what they say, you'll never forget your first Q.T Vietnamese Sandwich's Bánh mì.One of the better options near the convention center. We got the house special consisting of 3 different meats, pickled veg, and hot peppers, which came sandwiched between the perfect bun - crusty on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside.  So good!  Well worth diverting from the craze of Reading Terminal. 5-stars if more pate and less mayo. Note: 2/3 people who came in while we were there ordered the BBQ version, will def try if I have another convention in Philly.I've been wanting to try QT for a while now.  I finally made an excuse to stop by.  
The QT special is very good.  I love the pâté.  I'd recommend that you make sure whichever sandwich you order has pâté on it.  One of the things that I always look for in a sandwich is balance.  QT makes perfectly balanced sandwiches.  There isn't an overflow of any ingredient.  The bread is light with a soft crustiness.  
I've heard great things about the chicken, and I can't wait to try the lemongrass tofu.  I will definitely be back to try some more sandwiches. 
They sell cans of coconut water.  A perfect pairing for a bahn mi.Phenomenal sandwiches. Great bread. Could use some more meat/filling otherwise it would be 5 star. Also not a ton of seating so your best bet is to take out.Great banh mi. My favorite is the tofu w/ mushrooms . The bread is great; although last time it was a little stale.. It was early in the day and maybe I got the leftovers from the day before. Hope I was wrong. One time they were out of their usual bread so I got it as rice platter which I loved. Jasmine rice...yum.
Only complaint is the fillings are sparse and my fave tofu w/ mushrooms is a bit too salty. Make sure you try the soups which are outstanding! Love the veg noodle.
Service is fast and friendly. Annie has a great welcoming smile. One time she wasn't there and the older woman(her mom?) waited on me. Was a bit apprehensive but she made probably the best sandwich I ever got from there.Great sandwiches. Overpriced($5). 
You won't regret eating any of the sandwiches, just the dent in your wallet when you know it would have cost +30% less somewhere else. 
Try the house special sandwich if you are new.Definitely the best Bahn Mi I've ever had. It's very fresh and flavorful. I always have the QT special and it never disappoints me. And their noodle soup is good too.Loved the lemongrass tofu bahn mi. Definitely hits the yelp/yuppie/hipster crowd.It takes a lot for me to write my first review. I have to be blown away. I was blown away. QT Vietnamese sandwiches is a small shop on your left side if you are going north on 10th, just past the greyhound bus terminal. They have a menu online so I won't rehash their whole menu here. I got the lemongrass tofu sandwich and an iced tea, my wife got the lemongrass chicken sandwich and iced tea. We sat down, our sandwiches were done in five minutes, we began eating. They were incredible. The freshness of the vegetables, crisp and flavorful against probably the best tasting tofu I have had made me so very happy. My wife loved hers as well. We hadn't received our lemon iced teas yet and I was becoming thirsty when I realized the girl was making them individually with ice and slices of lemon. Then I tasted it. I was floored. It was incredible as well. I loved this place so much I ordered a tofu and rice meal to go along with another iced tea. The meal, by the way, was unbelievable also, possible better. The sandwiches are about five bucks, the meals about six, the iced tea is 2.50, all of which are bargains when dealing with this quality. On top of everything else, the girl making the sandwiches/tea and taking the orders was the most friendly and attentive host you could ever want. This was apparent by her tip jar which was overflowing as I stuffed two more dollars in. I would eat this food every day of my life if I didn't have to drive into the city to get it.bahn mi is ok.  I've had better.  Can't really tell what this place is from outside, but that can be said about all in Chinatown. Once you get inside it's not all that bad.  I've been back a couple of times, but it's definitely not my favorite.Probably one of my favorite places to go for Viet hoagies and sandwiches. Located conveniently right outside Chinatown right down 10th St (nearest intersection being Arch St), this place has some of the best I've had in general. Although I don't have such a large sample size of Viet places I've been to in Philly that do food like this, I look forward to trying out more such places when I get the chance (whenever that ends up being the case haha). In any event, my go-to is probably the Viet Special, which has a nice assortment of just about everything that makes a Viet sandwich good, including the meat, the veggies, the spices, and more. Bread here is pretty fresh and I'd say that for most people, you'll probably end up getting full before you actually finish it all (great for leftovers). They also serve other types of Viet sandwiches, Viet cuisine, hot/cold drinks that are also worth checking out. Would recommend a visit for sure if you've never been there previouslyIf you want a cheap and tasty bahn mi, this is the place.
It's small with only a few seats (mostly bar type) so it's very casual.
Like all bahn mi, the quality of the bread really matters...and here it shines. 
Will be back!After stumbling upon reviews of QT, finally made the 2 block walk from my interior Chinatown dwelling to see what the hubbub was about. I tried a lemongrass tofu hoagie and took it back home to enjoy from the confines of my apartment as the restaurant itself is not much to look at, nor is the view out their front window, or maybe it was the fact that it only seats 6-7 comfortably. 
Regardless, I got home and unwrapped a perfectly made piece of heaven. By heaven I mean a sandwich made with just the right consistency of tofu balanced tastefully with fresh crunchy vegetables and loaded with cilantro on the best roll I have found in the neighborhood. I'm kind of like Joey from friends, I love a good sandwich, and this absolutely hit the spot. It was lemony without being overwhelming with a good amount of spice. And really, can you beat $4.95 for a non-overprocessed sandwich that is actually made with care?I grabbed "the Special" from the food truck near my office in University City, and I have to say it's one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while! The meat was wonderfully flavored, the veggies were crisp, and the baguette was delicious. I would definitely recommend getting the sandwich "hot," because the jalapeños add a nice heat and flavor. The sandwich really filled me up, and it's very reasonably priced. Service was friendly and fast. I will definitely stop here again for a quick and delicious lunch!How is it that I've been in the city for 15 years and have not tried this place sooner?!?!  I ordered a #1 with their homemade hot sauce and got addicted with my first bite!  Warm, toasted french bread......yum.  Their hot sauce burns your face off but sooo good!  I'll be back to try their other sandwiches and will definitely spread the word.Really strong and solid Vietnamese sandwich shop. Small, with limited seating (about 10 people max) in the lower part of Chinatown. Not a very robust Vietnamese menu (compared to a more traditional, Vietnamese restaurant) but you are coming here for the sandwich - not summer rolls. (Which they don't have).  Staff was super friendly - service was pretty fast - sandwich was pretty legit. Worth going to if you crave some a sandwich.My favorite Vietnamese sandwich is at Ba Le, but my second favorite is here! I always get the House Special. You have to eat their sandwiches right away though because they're bread gets really hard if you don't. The price is amazingly cheap and the sandwiches still taste good! On top of that, if you get their free reward card, after getting 10 hole-punches on the card from buying 10 sandwiches, you get a free sandwich! I also love how it's right beside Yummy Yummy so while I'm waiting for my sandwich, I would head over to Yummy yummy to get some cheap snacks.The total package - a delicious product, with cordial service at a price you can't beat.
I had to check this place out after being mentioned on Philly's 29 greatest sandwiches list. It is conveniently right down the street from Jefferson and I will be back soon to try the other sandwiches.
I had the classic house special Bahn Mi which comes on a ~8 inch hoagie roll which is not too soft or crunchy. Great meat flavors with the perfect amount of spice added by the jalapenos. Don't be intimidated by the pigs ears, they blend right in. All veggies were very fresh and all for $4.95 including tax.Cash only is a minus but the food is pretty good. The roll was great with the spread of pate, which gave it a creamy and savory flavor. Perfect. The beef had a sweet marinade but the fresh jalapeno gave it a nice balance. Bubble tea is a must!!! So delicious!!Since last year, QT redid their space so that there is now some extra counter space to sit at and you don't have to awkwardly navigate around other customers while waiting for your order. The sandwiches are still pretty good (sometimes the fresh jalepenos are numbing) and the menu has expanded to include a few more appetizers and breakfast things. The last time I was there I watched the staff move around some giant sheet pans of frozen fruit that were destined for smoothies and I had a lychee smoothie that was deliciously slushy.The best Bahn Mi I've ever had. Remember the Food Truck Race a few yrs ago on the Food Network... the Bahn Mi truck that won almost all of the challenges... well, I've eaten their food and it doesn't hold a candle to this place.  Mom and I split the house special on the bus to NYC. OH My it was good!!!!! I highly recommend!The place is small and doesn't have that many seats, so if you want to eat in, expect a wait or come earlier than usual to snag some seats. 
I got the QT Special and an iced Vietnamese Coffee. Both were really good! You can get the QT Special with or without jalapeños. It's huge, too; like more than a foot long. Worth the money!
The Vietnamese Coffee is 85% ice, haha. Wish it was more coffee, less ice!
The cashier is really friendly! Service wasn't extremely fast, considering I was the only one there, but I only waited about 5 minutes. 
5/5!5 years later, it's finally time for me to write this review.
The house special banh mi is absolutely amazing. Fresh baguette that the owners get every morning (sometimes they run out of bread late in the afternoon), thinly cut Vietnamese ham, all of the accommodating vegetables (can make it spicy by adding jalapeño), fresh pate on the bread. I don't think I can describe how much I like this banh mi. I've been to Vietnam recently, and I don't think I found a banh mi there that I liked more than this place.
During college I got banh mis from here every single time I visited Chinatown, and we always brought some back. The trick is to ask them not toast the bread for the ones you take out. Then back at home, put your oven to 350 degrees, wrap the sandwiches in foil, and toast for about 7 minutes. They taste as good as new.
Now that I am in California, I constantly crave this place. Finally got a chance to visit philly for the weekend, and I brought some sandwiches back on the plane with me. Let's see if they survived the plane ride.I just had my first Vietnamese hoagie. It was the most toothsome sandwich this side of the arepa. The baguette was like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson: hard on the outside, soft on the inside. The shredded carrots and cilantro blended in perfect harmony with the tofu and pork (?). I'm not sure of the meats included in my afternoon delight, but everything burst with crunchy flavor. 
It was cheap, it felt kinda healthy, and it didn't force me to unbutton my jeans. If ever there was a holy grail...
As for the restaurant, they abide by the 3 mandatory "c's:" cleanliness, credit cards, and cquickness.I had the House Special banh mi and the Lemongrass Tofu Summer rolls. Although the summer rolls were a lot smaller and had far fewer greens than their Washington avenue counterparts, they were refreshing.The banh mi was nice as well. Great place for a fast and friendly service.My boyfriend and I wanted banh mi for lunch one day and decided to try this place. It's now become a bit of a tradition for us to stop by and grab a sandwich to bring onto Greyhound--they're conveniently located around the corner from the station.
The shop is small with very limited seating. For all my experiences, the people at the register have been very friendly. The sandwich itself is pretty good. The bread is toasted nicely and I like the ratio of meat to vegetables. However, the meat is slightly sweet, which I don't particularly like, but that's just a personal thing. Flavor aside, it's cooked perfectly--tender and moist. I recommend that you eat the sandwich fresh before the bread becomes hard!This place makes really good sandwiches, has a friendly counter person, and is walking distance from the convention center (when you want lunch that isn't limited to concession stand offerings...) They also take credit cards, which is nice for a spot that's this tiny! Anyway - 1 star off because the wait was pretty long, and even after that they had forgotten one of the items we ordered, and had to be reminded. The egg rolls are also itty bitty - kind of misleading to even call them eggrolls IMO. (Also, this is more of a to-go spot - there's only 2 small tables)This place rocks! While its sandwiches are a bit pricier than those of Cafe 900, it has a bit broader selection of Vietnamese food. Also, its flavor can't be beat. Everything is made to order, right in front of you. It's a quiet little take-out place with three barstools for customers to sit at and eat. It should be noted that their pho is a bit different than that in the other nearby Vietnamese places. Rather than serving the traditional pho loh, they serve a spicier, but less vegetable rich, pho jin. The noodles in their bun (vermicelli) are also a bit different than the standard fare. If you need a place to get some decent Vietnamese food at a good price, look no further!A delicious, quick, banh mi spot perfect for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. The ingredients always taste fresh and service is fast and friendly. My personal favorite is the lemongrass banh mi (vegetarian) but the chicken banh mi is the most popular amongst my friends.There is very limited seating inside, so be ready to take your order to go!Stopped by today after hearing rave reviews from my ex-coworker. (@ Yakitori Boy) The place is very small, but quaint. I ordered 2 house special banh mis, & a mango-lychee smoothie. After seeing the 2 cute little old ladies hand rolling some spring rolls, I quickly ordered 4 of those. Freshly made & fried spring rolls? I'm on it. The girl at the counter was so friendly and accommodating. I had asked 1 banh mi with no cucumber & 1 banh mi with no jalapenos & she asked twice just to make sure she got my order right. We chit chatted for a little while I was waiting for my spring rolls, she was super sweet. Compared to the banh mi I had from Ba Le Bakery, these were almost as good. The banh mi from Q.T was just the right size for my mouth & the bread wasn't too hard. The filling also didn't squish out as I bit into the sandwich. An all around win. 
Fresh yummy food for a great price, I will definitely be stopping back here for my banh mi fix.It's good -- fresh bread, crispy bread and good meat -- but $4.95 for a banh mi good? Not really, so I'll keep on looking around. I was definitely taken aback that a Philly banh mi would cost more than a Manhattan banh mi (Saigon is worth in in my opinion) but I do have to give QT props for using lemongrass and other ingredients. The $1 for five fish balls on a stick is a good deal -- you can watch them cook it and it's a tasty and hearty snack.Great sandwich shop.  Haven't ever had anything like it.  It's served on a footlong role that is toasted or somehow made crispy, very different than any American style hoagie which is always served on soft bread.  Now the filling in not heaping be semi thin slices of meat.  It's a fatty cured meat like mortadella.  Very good.  It works cause they add some
Spicy sauce some Julienned carrots and cucumbers and cilantro Bahn me style. $5.50 can't beat it.  Plus a lychee soda.I love this place. It's well sized, conveniently located, and has very friendly staff. The sandwiches are delicious and you can ask to have them without the hot pepper and without cilantro, which is what I do.It is so delicious! My husband and I hike all the way to Chinatown just for their sandwiches. They have a good variety on the menu but we love #1, the House Special, so much we haven't yet tasted the others. Love the tasty cold cuts, pickles, the freshness of the vegie and especially their light and crispy baguette. For $4.95 it does not get better anywhere else.
Over the holidays, they renovated to provide more seating space. Now there is space inside to line up at lunch hour during the cold, cold winter.This is the perfect sandwich.
The owner explained to me that a lot of people come through in the morning and get banh mi, and eat half for breakfast and half for lunch-
mine did not make it to lunch.
I've tried most of the menu and everything I had is awesome.  It's the perfect ratio of meat/bread/veggies, pickly, a little spicy, meaty deliciousness.
The people that work there appear to be one family, and are very friendly.  A great find among the saturated streets of chinatown.Great vegetarian/vegan sandwiches!
The lemongrass tofu is lovely in it's mild delicate deliciousness.
The mushroom and onion is exciting in it's bolder flavor deliciousness.
Get them both and share with a friend (or not). Eat the tofu one first. The mushroom one second.Great sandwich. Very meaty and the veggies were fresh. I wasn't too impressed with the shrimp rolls, but for only $2 I can't complain much. It's small, and tough to find from a car because they don't have a big sign. But it's worth finding.This place has great reviews so I'd been wanting to try it. The reviews are on point. It's cheap and delicious. Of the two veggie options I would highly recommend the mushrooms and onions tofu over the lemongrass tofu because it was a bit dry. But it was super filling and all for about $6. It's a great stop if you're on your way to greyhound or Jefferson station. It's right around the corner!Best Banh Mi around. Amazing Bun Rieu noodle soup. This place is special. The nicest people too. Go now.You know those places where, the first thing you try is so good that you never can bring yourself to try something else? The lemongrass tofu bahn mi is my fix and I cannot stop ordering it. I know I should branch out because I'm sure the others will be good too, but every time I'm in there my craving takes over and I just give up. The flavors are so delicious, the bread is crusty and just slightly slightly buttered to perfection, and the folks who run the place are so cheerful and friendly. If you're in the neighborhood on your lunch break, treat yourself and give QT a try.Ordered from QT for a catered event. Was overall very pleased with the service, quality and price.
We ordered around 30 or so Banh Mis and requested they were cut in thirds to portion out to all our guests (this was about the 1 or 2 days before). QT listened to our request, everything was prepared just as ordered, packaged in dedicated shrink wraps and large plastic trays and were ready for a 10AM pick up. Awesome. 
The food stayed until 12 and was still delicious when it was finally served. My favorites were the classic cold cut roll and the tofu ones. They really pack it in there! Lots of fresh vegetables as well. Definitely the right call and would go for them again if I needed sandwich catering in a pinch.I ordered a sardine sandwich from here and it was good.  It was well-crafted, had great bread, and the sauce was amazing.  By the previous two sentences, this place should have at least a 3 star rating.  
So why did it get a 1 star rating?
Two words: Projectile vomiting.  I've eaten in some of the dirtiest hole in the wall restaurants in the United States and Asia and had never been as sick after eating that sardine sandwich.  Within four hours, I had horrendous diarrhea, then within the next few hours, the vomiting came.  The GI symptoms subsided after 48 hours of munching on Gatorade and bread, but that didn't stop the intermittent fevers that lasted the rest of the week.  
Needless to say after this experience, I won't be coming back.I like this place a lot I go here when in in the mood for a good sandwich that takes a few min to get in my hand.  The sweetest lady owns it and she works hard to make the food and the brea she gets is wonderful!!  Go here for a nice sandwich you will be shocked at the variety and the great priceGreat sandwich shop!  The young lady behind the counter was incredibly bubbly, welcoming,  and took the time to talk us through the menu.  We ordered the House Special and the Pork sandwich.  The perky girl recommended the soup so we tried that as well... glad we did!  The sandwiches were very tasty and full of flavor on great bread.  We have always loved Vietnamese food but never tried the sandwiches until this trip.  The guy making the sandwiches took special effort to make them just right for us...extra spicy and added chiles.  The place was basic and clean washed in an eye-popping orange paint.  They have a selection of Chinese magazines to browse through, and when my partner found one with some great graphic art in it, he asked if he could buy it.  The girl behind the counter - so cool - she gave it to him free.In the past year, Banh Mi had become the latest food fad that everyone seems to enjoy and being in Philly, we benefit from a respectable size of Vietnamese population residing in South Philly. That being said, the best Banh Mi in Philly is in a small store in Chinatown called Q.T. 
Well, it's not scientific observation of course. All I did is comparing a few bakeries in Chinatown, Ba Le, O Sandwiches and Ziet Cafe in South Philly as well as Sampan around 13th and Walnut, so I'm open to suggestions on places that I should try. But as of now, I'm sticking with Q.T.
Two friendly ladies behind the counter made up the Q.T. sandwich team. They make each sandwich to the order to guarantee maximum bread crispiness and freshness. The prices here are slightly more expensive than conventional Chinatown standards and since it's made to order, there is a 5-10 minutes waiting time but it's quite worth it. 
Like other reviewers have mentioned, each Banh Mi has slightly sweet and sour pickled carrots and cucumbers, fresh cilantro for spice and jalapeno pepper for heat. The non-vegetarian ones are smeared with pate. I usually get the special Banh Mi which contains a combination of three different meats. The bread is toasted and crunchy which compliments the crispy vegetables, the creamy pate and the meat. 
The storefront can be slightly improved and it'd be great if they can speed up some in the sandwich making department but other than that Q.T. is definitely a welcomed addition to the Philadelphia Banh Mi scene.Can't beat this place for a weekly lunch. Actually, I try to make it twice a week... its that good. The house special, bbq pork, and sardine hoagies are some of the best sandwiches I've had. The service is fast and friendly. Definitely try this place if you need a quick, cheap, filling, and healthy lunch!I love this place. Service is always great. Super friendly and helpful.Their Banh Mis are always on point. I'm not a vegetarian but I love their lemongrass tofu banh mi because it's so flavorful which some vegetarian option can lack. 
However, the store is small so it's more of a grab and go place. It does have a small seating area but I would not recommend a party more than 3. Even with 3, I think is pushing it. Still worth it imo.came to this hole in the wall with a coworker to enjoy some banh mi, got the beef. it was delicious! the meat was well marinated and it had the classic vietnamese bread thats crunchy on the outside, but soft in the inside.
i only docked one star because the seating, or there lack of. from my count, there was about 4 seats to sit, and it wasn't designed for eating in.