Rachael's is awesome! A friend introduced me to Rachael's a few months ago because I was tired of all my usual lunch spots in CC. The sandwiches are made fresh to order, are pretty big for the price, and you get free pickles. I haven't been there in awhile because after my last visit, I ended up feeling stuffed for the rest of the day and I'm trying avoid future food comas.Service was great - they're very timely and prompt.  I was told I would receive my order at a particular time and they were there on the dot.
The Reuben is delicious (get it made with turkey!) and I adore the Russian dressing.  Other reviewers have noted the relative priciness of this deli, and certainly this is not a cheap sandwich as far as delis go, but it's so, so filling - no need for chips or sides at all.
However, I can't give this place over three stars because of the other items I ordered: the mac and cheese is very underwhelming and over salted.  The chili is so salty it was pretty much inedible.  Probably one of the worst chilis I've come across.Rachael's has quickly become one of my favorite lunch spots in center city. In a sea of generic chain restaurants, Rachel's stands out as an old fashioned, family-owned place. It's a deli, nothing fancy, nothing pretentious, and it's good at being deli. 
The service here is super quick. You'll grab your food, grab a drink, and pay all within five minutes, even during the lunchtime rush. And while you wait: indulge in the free pickles, they're pretty good!
My favorite sandwich here is the corned beef on rye with spicy brown mustard. They pile on a lot of corned beef, and hold it in place with an olive crowned toothpick. It's a classic, and it makes me happy just to think of it. For what you get, the prices at Rachael's are pretty competitive. You can get  a good sandwich, chips and a drink for eight bucks.
I highly recommend giving Rachael's corned beef sandwich a whirl next time you're in center city.Ate in here for lunch. I told the guy making the sandwich 3 TIMES that I wanted the special, which was a seafood salad sandwich. He said it came with a side of soup or salad. He then asked me if I wanted both and I said sure, if that's what it comes with. So at the end of the story the give me a lunch tray with soup and a salad - and no sandwich. After a few minutes of me speaking English at a second grade level, they finally realized what I wanted all along - a seafood salad sandwich. Good job guys, good job.
Food wasn't really that great either and with miscommunication that bad, odds of me returning are at 0%.I work right near this place and right off the bat I should mention that it is an excellent, much cheaper alternative to famous 4th st deli which is a block away.  I walk right past 4th st and head to Rachael's.
The corned beef special is perfect. yes, it is sloppy and messy as a result of the russian dressing and cole slaw but to be honest, if my sandwich isn't slathered with both and piled high with meat, I want nothing to do with it. Even the bread, which can usually be an after thought, was soft and delicious.
I am also a fan of the matzo ball soup and the potato knishs that they serve.
I have heard people rave about the mac and cheese which looks like it is freshly baked before the lunch rush.
Rachael's is my go to on rainy days for soup and a sandwich and would definitely recommend.  Even during the lunch rush the line moves quickly.I just had one of the best bagel and lox sandwiches ever. The rye bagel was crunchy and the balance of cream cheese to everything else was perfect. Great lox. My husband's whitefish salad sandwich was equally amazing. I am not a big fan of whitefish, but this was great and I kept stealing bites...very casual but warm and situated on a nice city corner.The success of a place like Rachael's is consistency. My office is nearby here, and I know I can depend on the Nosheri for a solid, satisfying lunch. There's nothing particularly fancy about this place beyond the sea of neon, and if you're looking for something like that, the rest of the Rittenhouse Square restaurants will cater to your preferences gladly and charge you appropriately. 
I usually phone in my order ahead of time; they will deliver as well if you need the convenience. They know I really like pickles, which are fresh, so they give me a few extra. 
I wouldn't advise waiting in line at noon for lunch or 11 on the weekend for breakfast-the locals know how good of a balance of quality and value this spot offers, so an early breakfast or a later lunch time are best. And they're $4-5 cheaper than Famous Fourth's 19th Street location. 
Noshing may now commence.Yesterday my family of 3 adults & I decided to stop for a bite to eat. I had eaten here before but many years ago. Well the old saying " nothing stays the same" certainly applied here. It was about 2pm  Saturday, We walked in there was 1 other person so they were not busy.. Of the 3 men behind the counter, one of them looked up but not to greet us but to go back to what ever he was doing. I asked do we seat our selves?, he says yes when you are ready come back and order so we grabbed menu's and headed for a table. After making our selections, I walked to the counter to be met by an obviously annoyed guy who rudely answered a couple of questions. I placed our order's. Our food arrive on Styrofoam plates, the matzo ball soup in a Styrofoam bowl (oy).  The Matzo balls were good but the broth , not so much. The Greek Salad was OK but what happened to the Feta cheese? it was more like dried cottage cheese, a few pieces of cucumber and tomatoes, however the olives were good. I made the mistake of going into the restroom OMG I thought I walked into the Suburban station restroom, filthy, smelled of urine and paper towels all over the floor,sink which hadn't been cleaned in days. If you are going to have a unisex restroom  CLEAN IT!!!
Get a staff that gives a damn.The food is okay to good. It is pretty reasonably priced and you can get a lot of food for the prices. However, go down to the 4th street deli . There you might drop a few more dollars but the food is significantly betterI used to love it but more so for the owners. It's now under new mgmt and the register is like a cluster. Cooks are the same but the register area is very disorganized!!I've eaten here many times and I have to say, I've never been disappointed. Their Reuben is one of my favorite plates. I've even eaten breakfast there and it was delicious. It's a great alternative to 4th Street down the street, which is ridiculously overpriced.  The people who work there are so sweet, too.I feel like Rachael's Nosheri is just not that into me. Always a struggle to get them to notice I exist. They're perfectly nice -- though they seem far more interested in themselves than in me and my order.
The food is functional, but not delicious.
You may wait a while for food that doesn't seem like it should take long.
The lox is good and the bagels are fine. The tomato is absolutely gross.
The coffee is very basic and gets additional flavor from the spongy styrofoam cups it's served in.
Good place to kill a little time.Ugh. Terrible.  A few friends and I went in today to try and grab a quick breakfast. While it was crowded,  it wasn't crazy packed and I cannot even explain how slowly and inefficiently this place was run.  We stood next in line for approximately 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged. When our order was finally placed,  we waited so long that I ended up having to leave before the food even came because I had to check out of my hotel.  The woman "working" the cash register wasn't actually working it. She said she didn't know how. I didn't even get to eat,  so I can't comment on the food. 
The man taking orders was very nice.  Only positive.Every time I walked by the windows adorned with the '50s-diner inspired neon signage, I grew more and more eager to give Rachael's a try.  Major props to any restaurant that serves challah french toast, so I went with that, and it was served to me at my table shortly after I paid for it at the counter.  I was a bit surprised they didn't exactly have full table service, but I guess it's more convenient for customers who order take-out or are picking up catering orders (which they seem to do a lot of)  Only thing that turned me off was that there were no napkins at the tables (rather, they were at the counter by the condiments and silverware) and no soap in the bathroom.  They don't serve breakfast all day either, but their breakfast menu seems to have a sufficient number of choices, and it's pretty decently priced.  Definitely a go-to for breakfast or brunch near Rittenhouse.This is my quick cheap delicious breakfast spot. The spinach feta omelette was awesome and I add the bacon. The feta was extra good. Nice no BS place to get a bite with friends and chill out.Walked to Rittenhouse park with the doggies. Decided to get some bagels and sit in the park. Went to Rachael's and gave them my order 10 times. Still did not get it right.  If they had served me frozen bagels that would have killed it for them, but luckily the bagels were fresh. And also the guys behind the counter were really nice despite their unexplainable confusion.Great neighborhood deli. Open 7 days a week nice cool vibe. Great bagels. Don't forget their cakes and cookies. Every neighborhood needs a deliI think I'm a little biased because this place is so close to my apartment that the convenience makes me like it more.  It's a solid deli and the portion sizes are filling but not overwhelming.  I've been here for breakfast on a weekend as well as for several lunches.  They close early so no dinner.  There are 2 women who man the cashier who are very efficient and good at what they do.  They keep the business going smoothly even when there are tons of customers inside.  My Jewish friend said that the matzo ball soup is one of the best she's had from a restaurant.  They give you a fresh pickle with some pickled tomatoes with each sandwich order and they are quite yummy.
As the other reviews mention, the food is extremely greasy, which is why I try not to come here too often.  I love reubens so I get the hot pastrami or corned beef.  They put a ton of homemade Russian dressing on everything so you better like Russian dressing!  The turkey sandwich is just ok.  I really like their omeletes but that may because I don't see the mounds of butter they use.  Regardless, they are tasty.
This place is old-fashioned and clearly family-owned.  The tables and chairs are far from fancy and there are lots of pictures along the walls.  The food is served like a cafeteria/deli.I used to work in this neighborhood and always got my lunch from the now-closed Wawa nearby. What a huge mistake I was making.
My lady and I were in the neighborhood, craving a quick lunch. We'd been sent looking for the Wrap Shack, and failing to find it, we wandered into the Nosheri. Ah, fate - just an hour before, I'd voiced my craving for a good Reuben.
Found it! We beat the lunch rush so we were in and out in under five minutes, bringing our sandwiches back to Conshy to our comfy couch. The size of these monsters completely justified the $8 apiece we'd paid for them. I would never, on my hungriest day, be able to cram down the entire mass of food with which I'd been presented. Not that I didn't try.
The meat was very fresh, the perfect meeting of moist and salty. And so much of it! For what I was seeking, I couldn't have asked for better. Mazel tov!Having a lazy Sunday and just couldn't bring myself to make me and the hubs some lunch. Both of us were feeling like some good deli sandwiches so we ordered take out from Rachel's. 
I ordered a tuna salad on a wrap and it was delivered on rye bread...which would have been completely fine if the bread wasn't very stale. Additionally, the tuna salad was largely flavorless. I would have been better off opening up a can of bumble bee from my cabinet. 
Hubs ordered a pastrami and roast beef special. IT WAS HUGE. He said it was pretty good. The mac & cheese side was also delivered cold and again..no flavor to speak of. 
Won't be trying this place again.This would be a 3.5 star review. 
Your run of the mill deli/quick breakfast place. 
Most recently, I've ordered the Morning Special, which is a breakfast sammy of 2 eggs over easy, cheese, bacon and tomato served on a bagel of your choice (I chose wheat). This is a hearty sandwich albeit messy, the yolks were perfectly runny, and I'm a sucker for egg and cheese anything so no complaints there. Also ordered a side of roasted potatoes which were nicely seasoned. My eating partner in crime got the challah french toast, which was also delicious. 
While both of these items were really good, I didn't rate this place higher for a few reasons. Being a ridiculously die-hard breakfast fan, I don't think I'd order any of the lunch items too frequently, but I have had the matzoh ball soup. Pass. Marathon's is far and away a better choice. I've also had an omelette which was below average (overcooked, not enough cheese to veggie ratio) and an egg and cheese on an english muffin (hard to fuck up, but the english muffin coulda been fresher). Their iced coffee is also not as tasty as other places in the area (Manhatten Bagel's is surprisingly good).
All this being said, they do deliver for free within the immediate area, so I will probably use this place as a delivery staple for ravenous mornings when leaving the bed seems an unlikely possibility.I love going to Rachael's on a weekday morning for a quick bite before work. They have a slew breakfast options, but I always go for eggs, over, and they're ALWAYS perfect. I'm picky about my eggs, so finding a place that does good eggs consistently is a godsend. On top of having great food, they are lightning fast, inexpensive, and the people behind the counter (including Rachael herself!) are super nice and welcoming! I can't speak to their lunch options, but for a basic breakfast this place is the best!Stopped by for lunch because I wasn't sure what I was hungry for and Rachael's has so many items to choose from.
Decided on the chicken salad platter.  I also wanted a huge pickle, but the cook said it came with one, so I decided to forego my side order.  
While the portion was huge, the quality was just meh.  The chicken salad tasted salty and the side of coleslaw and potato salad were just okay, but I've had better quality at a neighborhood BBQ.  
By the way, my platter did not come with a pickle, so another disappointment there.
I'd go back to try something else, but I'm not in a hurry to do so.This place doesn't get enough love from Yelp reviewers. I've been frequenting Rachael's for 9 years and while I've lived in New York, Boston, and San Francisco and had some tasty Reubens in all three cities, Rachael's is by far the best Reuben I've ever had. I find myself craving it now that I live in Cambridge all the time. The other sandwiches are also amazing, according to my friends who've ordered them as is the matzo ball soup. For those who complain about price - wtf? Rachael's seriously puts 3/4 lbs. of corned beef on my Reubens - and they're in the highest rent district in the city. Frankly, they could spruce up the place and be charging a lot more (not that they should!). They underprice the competition in both center city and the Italian market. This is the best sandwich you'll find in Philadlephia, hands down.Pretty nice place and close to home. When I ordered there infamous corn beef sandwich they immediately put a few slices of cheese on top and put it in the microwave, which was a total buzzkill. I ordered the beef soup on special. My girlfriend orded the lox and matzo ball soup. My sandwich was actually really good. My girlfriend said the lox were good too and the both the bagel and bread we each had was quite fresh. Her soup was average at best, kinda had no taste. My soup was a bit too salty for my liking. The prices are a little high. Its also set up cafetaria style where you use a tray and pay first. I wasn't too keen to that idea but would be if I was in a rush and stopping in quick on my lunch break. Never had delivery from them, I've heard good and bad delivery stories from this place.I visited Rachaels today for the fist time, craving an authentic Reuben, and this lovely little deli did not disappoint!  The corned beef was super lean (I don't like fat on the beef in a sandwich), and the beef was super tender, so one bite broke through... in other words, the beef was cooked properly, so i didn't have to fight with it to stay in the sandwich when taking a bite. The Russian dressing was flavorful and light, and the rye bread was high quality. Kept it's stucture well, despite the dressing, and me taking the sandwich to go. A really great Reuben!Staff was pretty rude.  Wouldn't listen to what I wanted on my sandwich and just made it they way they wanted to.  Bread was dry and crumbly.Horrible rude service on the phone. Was given wrong order and it wast not replaced. When called restaurant about this, I was told this is the order they received in the system and would not do anything to fix it.The food is good but that's about it. I came with my boyfriend over the weekend for breakfast. The girl who works at the register wasn't pleasant at all. She yelled at us for trying to order from her. I guess you order with the cooks, but none of them wrote our order down. It was busy, so they got some of the other people's orders confused and they were bringing food to the wrong tables. It was very disorganized but it could have been easily fixed if the orders were written down and there was better communication with the staff. They also forgot to put tomato on my boyfriend's morning special. Finally when it was time to pay, my boyfriend went up to the cashier and all she said to him was "hey what's up?". It seemed unprofessional to me; how about "are you all set?" Or "how was your meal today?". All in all, the service just wasn't organized or friendly so I don't think we will go back.Ordered for delivery and the food was delivered quickly and hot.  The French toast and eggs with cheese were awesome!Two little pieces of background before I get started on what very well may amount to a tirade of sizeable proportions:
1. This place has been on my to-eat list for a while, and took multiple attempts at convincing my wife to go there as she is not a huge fan of Jewish delis.
2. My grandparents have owned a kosher deli in Cleveland for years, so when it comes to how deli soups and sandwiches are "supposed" to be prepared and taste, I don't trust anyone's opinion but my own.
Now with that being said, lets delve into Rachael's Nosheri...  I had really high hopes for this place.  I based this on having to work close by on several occasions, as well as stopping in at one point to see if they would be open on Memorial Day in anticipation of eating there.  However, I was sorely disappointed not only by the food but the nasty attitude of the front end staff.  The restaurant is set up as a traditional deli, without a "restaurant", so its your old, order at front counter, take your utensils, and sit wherever you like kind of deal.  This was fine with us as we had brought my daughter Ivy, and sitting still and being waited on is still a bit hard for her as she's very young.
My wife decided on their chili and a BBQ chicken sandwich, and I went with my deli test staple, a bowl of matzoh ball soup (to share with Ivy) and a corned beef special.  Expecting the best, I went up to the counter to order and was greeted by a British man, of Indian descent who informed me he was the owner.  While he seemed very happy that he owns the place, he could have cared less what I wanted to order and told me to tell the cook.  The kitchen staff on the other hand were very nice.  After that I went back to the register to order drinks.  Neither my wife or I knew what we wanted, so it took me a minute to figure it out, which really pissed the owner off apparently, as he huffed and puffed and crossed his arms and stared at me while I tried to decide.  (If you want other people to take orders, make it a restaurant, and put your beverage list inside the damn menu!)
Our soups arrived first.  The matzoh ball soup was passable, but was nothing special at all.  It kind of seemed like they had bought a box of Manichewitz mix and followed the box directions.  That's okay, cause its matzoh ball soup.  Its job is to be basic and savory and Ivy really liked it.  On the other hand, my wife's chili was downright disgusting.  It was a dark brown color, almost black, with barely any beans or meat in it, and it tasted like someone had emptied a jar of BBQ sauce into a bowl, added some shit to it, and heated it up in the microwave.  This wouldn't be too far of a stretch as they were extensively using the microwave for everything from soup to bagels while we were there.  She ate a few bites and said that it was making her feel sick, but we had spent almost $4 on the chili and she felt bad wasting it.  We didn't eat it.
Then the sandwiches...  Oh the sandwiches!  There was so much chance for success here; so much chance for redemption.  Sadly, both of us were left dissatisfied once again.  My wife's sandwich looked like a pit BBQ sandwich you'd get in the south.  Which was fine because that's what she had wanted.  However, it was terrible.  She took the whole thing apart and only ate the chicken after scraping off the BBQ sauce.  Mine was even worse.  While it looked wonderful; on rye, with a good amount of corned beef, held together with sandwich picks with green pimiento olives on the tips, it was a nightmare.  There was so much dressing and coleslaw that I could not taste the sandwich.  It tasted like sour mayonnaise.  I scraped the dressing and coleslaw off and decided I would settle for a nice kosher corned beef sandwich.  Unfortunately, there is no way that the corned beef that Rachael's uses is the "lean kosher corned beef" they say it is they use.  I have had thousands of corned beef sandwiches of all types, and know the look and flavor of kosher corned beef when its done right, and this was as far from this as I could imagine.  Something like the corned beef you'd get in traditional corned beef and cabbage, which, when expecting that dish is a wonderful and tasty adventure, except not on your sandwich when you're anticipating a yummy kosher deli prepared corned beef sandwich.
We will not be returning here.  I would suggest to everyone thinking about trying this place to take a second glance at their reviews before making a decision.  On top of the nasty owner and sub-par food, the place is dirty, like gross dirty.  I wouldn't even take my two-year-old to the bathroom here when she had to pee.  If you do try out Rachael's, good luck to you!  From the multiple people on here saying they got sick eating here, i'm worrying about the next 72 hours, hoping that my fate is not the same.My aunt had bought something from there as take out. She did not get a fork with her meal. I went back in the store to get a fork and they charged me ten cents for it.  He seen that I did not have change from me going through my pockets luckily I found a quarter in my pocket otherwise he would of made me break a 20 dollar bill most likely. I will never step foot in this place again. THE WORSE EVER LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE AND VALUE FOR CUSTOMERS. There are foo many quality restaurants around this location to pick this place to eat. I wish I wasnt required to pick a star at all.The russian pastrami sandwich was DELISH.  The food is generally okay, but I find it expensive for a deli. Overall disorganized and limited hours, but the staff is nice.
Don't come here if you're a vegetarian. My friend tried to order a veggie sandwich and had to pay $8 for lettuce, tomato, and cheese.
Then again, I figure delis aren't too vegetarian friendly?I should have known not to order from this place when commentary from my friends about Rachel's Nosheri ranged from "that is a DIRTY, DIRTY place" to "man, those people are such ASSHOLES".  I am new to Philadelphia, however, and so far, have not found many places that offer classic NYC deli fare. 
I cannot say enough bad things about Rachael's Nosheri, but I will try to detail a few of the consistent problems that have convinced me to never again order from this place:
**1.  CONSISTENTLY WRONG ORDERS:  I have ordered from this place three now.  Twice, I picked up my food after calling in my order and once I ordered through seamless web.  
The first time that I picked up my order, I had the mac and cheese and beef chili.  The mac and cheese was just miserable cheez whiz crap.  The beef chili was really awful too and I was wondering how in the world they had found beef that tasted so rubbery when my friend was like, "That's not beef, hun."  Ah, yes.  Whatever the hell that was, it was not beef.  Wrong order.  But I had already started to eat it, so I just threw the rest out instead of going back for a redo.
The second time time that I picked up my order, I ordered grilled chicken with tomato slices on a hoagie.  Simple enough, right?  Well, instead, I received a couple of slices of stale, dry turkey with a SHIT TON of onions on an old, nasty hoagie.  No tomato and no chicken.  I called the restaurant repeatedly before someone answered.  I was told that they would come by and pick up the food and give me my money back.  No one ever showed up.  
It took me months to order again, but eventually, it was early in the morning and very few other places were open on seamless.  I was craving white fish, so I ordered white fish with tomatoes and onions on a sesame seed bagel.  I also ordered two eggs on a bagel with a slice of swiss cheese, just in case they messed up the white fish.  Very simple, right?  Well, after 50 minutes, the order arrived.  A fiasco.  A stingy smear of white fish was put on a plain bagel.  No tomato, no onions.  Instead of a sandwich, I got a tablespoon or two of eggs in a styrofoam container with one sausage patty.  No bagel, no cheese, no sandwich.  WTF?  Once again, I called Rachel's thinking that they would be apologetic and rectify the problem.  The shrew who answered shrieked at me that once the food leaves the premises, I am stuck with whatever I have.  She then CURSED at me and BANGED the phone on my ear.  I called seamless and thankfully, received a refund.
Is it too much to ask that a restaurant get one's order right?  How complex is it to put simple, common sandwiches together?
**2.  RUDE, RUDE SERVICE:  The first point leads me to my second point.  The people at Rachel's Nosheri are grade A tools.  I have been to the spot (nothing much to look at) twice and seen people being yelled at, ignored, or just spoken to as if the servers are ready to start a fight.  As you have read above, I have been cursed out and cheated repeatedly.  This place has no respect for customers.
**3.  CONSISTENTLY BAD FOOD:  See, it would be one thing if the place got the orders wrong, but the food they gave instead was at least good.  That is not the case, however.  When they screwed me out of a grilled chicken sandwich and gave me a turkey sandwich instead, the two meager slices of turkey swallowed up by the hoagie were DRY AS F-CK.  It looked like someone had thrown the turkey to a dog and then let rats run over the rest.  Their mac and cheese was just lots and lots of cheez whiz.  Worse than the store-bought, $1 boxes of Kraft.  And their white fish?  I think that might have been catfish dragged out of a gutter somewhere.
**4.  EXTREMELY LATE DELIVERY:  Whether you pick up or get delivery, you can look forward to 50 minutes to an hour no matter what you order.  You wait an hour for a wrong order made of the stalest shit you have ever had in your life.  Sounds good, right?  
Please run away from this place.Rachael's is a great deli for rainy-day people watching in Rittenhouse. They have stools all along their windows, and it's good to sit there, because this is truly the last place on earth you wanna watch somebody eat. Their sandwiches are piled high, and because of it, they're sloppier than Aunt Barbara on Thanksgiving. 
One thing I also like is... Rachael's has hot sandwiches. This whole "hoagie v. grinder" supreme court case in Philly has made it so that no lunch wants to grill anything anymore. Rachael's will, if you so choose, and I prefer it that way. They do have great pickles, amazing marble rye bread, and unbeatable Russian dressing if that's your thing.
I've never had anything besides the special, but it looks good. I also get a kick out of the staff. You can see that management is demanding, but seems to really value the 5-6 guys who make the sandwiches. Rachael's looks like family... and that, on top of great food, keeps me coming back every few months.Best matzah ball soup and potato knish anywhere in center city! I love it! Now I know where to get my grandma's food!After trying more Jewish delis, I've come to realize that Rachael's Nosheri is not the best out there. More tender corn beef, pastrami, and roast beef can be found elsewhere. Despite that, I still like this place because the pickles are fantastic, especially the tomatoes.My favorite breakfast sandwich on this side of the city, they always cook the eggs exactly how I like. Matzo Ball's in the soup were too heavy but the base was very good.Have visited this place about a half dozen times.  So far, the food has been great.  They have one of the best bagels with lox around.  I've also had their homemade soups, which are delicious.  My only complaint is the staff making your bagel.  They are very attentive when it comes to the tip jar, never failing to notice when you make a deposit, but not so much when it comes to my sandwich.  Every time I order a lox bagel, I ask for the same thing.  I have gotten it at least 4 different ways, most often not how I asked for it.  Cmon guys.  Pay attention.I haven't been to a deli in FOREVER. Fo'reals. There aren't many of them where I live now. And I grew up in a Jewish neighborhood, spoiled on to-die-for bagels and corned beef sandwiches. YUM. So I'm in Philly for meetings, and I spot this gem while walking to the parking lot... and I can't help it. I need to stop in. 
And oooooh snap, there's homemade matzo ball soup! Score! Seriously, matzo ball soup is a cure-all. I honestly believe it can cure all the pain and suffering in the world. Just douse the world in matzo ball soup.
So I got a little greedy, and got the Rachel's Special Sandwich (corned beef, cole slaw, Russian dressing), and a bowl of matzo ball soup, and went a little crazy in overloading my plate with their complimentary pickle bar. Pickles and pickled green tomatoes, YUM!
And... I devoured it all within 10 minutes! Portions were spectacular (I would've been full on just half a sandwich, but couldn't help myself and had to eat the entire thing. It's the best sandwich I've had in... I want to say years!). Service was great, and there were plenty of tables to choose from!
Yum. I'm so coming back here the next time I'm in the area! :)Been here a bunch of times, and the food is always good. The sandwiches are really delicious and so are their breakfast foods. I usually get a spinach feta omelette with the multigrain bread. This particular time, my friend got the ruben, which he said was delicious. I tried a bit of the corned beef myself, and it was very tasty! Great place to eat with yummy food and no frills.It's no frills, but it's still really good. Prices are better than Kaufman's Deli up the street but there's just something missing that merits a lost starThe food is tasty, hence the 3 stars.  I had a yummy hot rueben, and it was good sized.
However, $8 for a sandwich at lunch that doesn't come with any side or drink?  Hmmm.  Me thinks not.
The ordering system is a bit strange, you go through a line similar to Subway, but then you're just all crowded together at the register waiting for your food.  Awkward.
Summary:  Food is good, but overpriced, and the ordering system is antiquated.Sometimes you just want a good corned beef and rye sandwich. And Rachel's is definitely the place to go. I really like the food. The sandwiches could be a little bigger, but if you get a knish on the side it is all good. I really like the staff. They seem to really enjoy eachother's company and get along, which is nice to see.I had a matzo ball soup there. The matzo ball was hard and it is obvious they do not have an idea how to make a good soup. I never go there again.
LKDitto Cherie C.  
In a city of delicious Jewish food, don't go here.I've passed this Deli many times during my forays to Long in The Tooth Records. I finally decided to eat lunch here last week.  I had high hopes based on the menu and the line stretching out to the door. Unfortunately my hopes were not borne out.  The service was cafeteria style where you place your order for your sandwich/enbtree and subsequently for your drink. The people serving there were very friendly and even knew the name of the little old Jewish ladies ahead of me.  They went out of their way to help the ladies with their food. 
  I ordered a reuben sandwich and chicken noodle soup. The reuben was piled high with meat and the bread was toasted to just the right level of crispness. However the sauce had little flavor and the meat didn't seem to be very fresh and/or of high quality.  The chicken noodle soup was fairly decent sized and had some nice big noodles. However it didnt' have a lot of vegetables and seemed to be very watery. 
I wanted to much to like this place. The staff was very nice and even helped me recover some CD's I'd left on the counter top.  Unfortunately their food just didn't do it for me.Ordered from here instead of famous 4th street because they delivered but that was a big mistake. I should have picked up at famous. I ordered on seamless. I ordered chicken noodle soup and they sent matzo ball soup. I could deal with it if it was good but the matzo balls are tough and bland. The soup tastes like the cardboard container it is served in. I ordered my wife a bagel with cream cheese and lox and asked them to add tomato cucumber and capers if they had it and to put it on a poppy seed bagel. She got a plain bagel with a smear of cream cheese and lox haphazardly thrown on it. It looks like it was made by a five year old. I order chopped liver and corned beef on rye. Fortunately my sandwich was adequate. Nothing special but not bad. I have no idea how this place has been open for as long as it has been. Don't waste your money!!good deli with plenty to pick from, got your stables and daily specials. quick service, i go later so not busy after 1pm.The best sandwich you will ever have! A Rittenhouse staple for decades. I have been going there for over 20 years, and it's still the best turkey sandwich I have ever had. Quality products consistently over the years! A traditional deli with excellent and fresh products. Thank you.We order Rachael's for the whole office at least once a week. It's fantastic. We have a whole contingent that like the turkey club; I often get that or the Ike & Tina Tuna. Not only do you get a lot of tasty food at Rachael's, the people there are great. It's a deli, and a lot is going on, but they handle it with ease. 
Hint: In the winter get the liver dumpling soup.The strengths of this place really rest on their traditional deli sandwich selections.  The pastrami, corned beef, roast beef, etc. come out amazing on the delicious sandwiches they prepare, especially when you ask to have the meat heated up.  I know owners have changed in the past year or so, but the principles of great customer service definitely have remained. 
Every time I go in I'm immediately greeted by whoever is working at the food prep station and during the time I'm thinking about what to order, he is always making suggestions on new items to try. They are more than just polite at this place, they really engage the customers in the whole experience and make them feel important.  I especially notice this with the regulars that are addressed by name every time they come in. 
The place is in need of a little update, the decor is definitely vintage but still needs a little brightening to bring this place some life inside. It's always busy when I go in for lunch and I could only imagine what it could turn into it with a little update.Omg,just needed hot borscht. Sure remedy for the soul,the flu.Best in the city,hands down.
My chicken liver sandwich on rye,is fresh,and onion slice is popping with flavorDelivery was under 15min.Thanks.We went for their lox and it delivered. It is not the most welcoming space, even a bit grimey, but if you want a quick bagel sandwich, this is worth the stop.I don't think there's a lot of delis in Center City, so Rachel's fills a void. Does it fill it well? I'll go with: mostly. The meat is pretty lean and tasty and the prices are reasonable (maybe a little high). The service is relatively quick, so you can grab your sandwich and eat lunch in Rittenhouse Square. The counter is a little chaotic, but they've never screwed up my order, so that counts for something. Overall, Rachel's is nothing special. I think what makes it notable is the fact that it isn't terrible and it's in Center City. In this day and age, I think the corner deli is a tough business to keep running, but Rachel's seems to do it well so they deserve credit there. Still, I wouldn't recommend anybody go out of there way to eat there. It's just a place to eat lunch on a workday. Oh yeah, and you can help yourself to pickles. Woo!This place is so cute and cozy! I got a poppyseed bagel with lox/cc/onion/tomato, and the presentation was super charming, with olives and a slice of lemon. I also got marbled halva with almonds, and a bottle iced tea. Love it. Saw a lot of large takeout orders about to go out--looks like they do a lot of office catering.Every few months I get the urge for a really good bowl of Matzo ball soup. In between I get the urge for borscht, great sandwiches, dill pickles and Dr. Brown's Cream Soda. Rachael's provides me with all of these needs.
A great little Jewish deli on 19th and Sansom, Rachael's has been churning out quality eats for more years than I have been old enough to say "Rueben on Rye". During holidays they provide specialties like kugel (yummm) and  unleavened treats. I am personally not Jewish but really look forward to the holidays just for the food!
Service is pretty fast and between their large windows on the corner and the characters in the dining room it's a fun spot.Don't go out of your way to eat here, but don't fear it either.  Perfectly decent, though nothing special.  If you are in a pinch and need a sandwich, this place is not awful.  I had an utterly tasteless egg salad sandwich with a stray green olive tossed in.  With some more mustard it might have tastes like something.  The bread was bland rye.  My man's whitefish salad sandwich was fine, nothing amazing but perfectly decent.Best Ruben ever!!!
I have to say i did not expect to have the best food ever at a place like this! I loved the Russian dressing on the Ruben, surprising because usually im not  a fan of it.Meh.
Not kosher, and the food was kinda bland.  Not even enough reaction to warrant a full review.i've died and gone to pastrami heaven.
i know people love katz's. been there, done that. i had a reuben today at rachael's nosheri that i could eat every day. i had NO IDEA that a reuben could be so flavorful. the meat was incredibly tender, the thousand island had a nice zing, the cheese added just the perfect amount of perfectness.
the full sandwich was too big for me, but while i sat happily eating, I saw orders come our for half sandwiches. we've already planned our next trip by the meal we will order.
also: i went here because of a groupon now.  i still had to put some money done and she said they didn't do charges under $5.  i started to borrow some cash from a friend and the cashier stopped us and let the charge go through.  very good customer service.Rachael's is a great deli located right on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square.  The sandwiches here are piled high with fresh, delicious deli meat, and the pickles are some of the best I have ever had.  There is a large area to eat in and service is friendly and helpful.
With prices comparable to WaWa, there is no reason to go anywhere else if you are in the area.  Also, they have great daily specials, so make sure you check them out.Being Jewish, the only thing that I love more than Hanukkah is a really great deli. I'm not talking about a corner store that only sells hoagies, I mean sandwiches that are piled SO high that you can barely fit it in your mouth. I mean a deli that serves breakfast all day with 10 different omlettes, 5 different kinds of meat/seafood salads (tuna, chicken, whitefish, egg, and shrimp), soups that make your mouth water on the hottest of days, and a customer base that ranges from those that can barely talk to those that can hardly walk anymore. Basically, I want the ideal Jewish deli. 
Now maybe I'm a bit biased because I have grandparents who live in the Mecca of all things deli and diner (South Jersey) or maybe it's because I basically grew up in Famous' 4th Street, but I really didn't get my mind blown as much as I had hoped for with here. It did meet my bare-minimum requirements that I listed aboved but none of it really stood out. My boyfriend and I got the Perfect Match and A Spice of Life sandwiches respectively and while they were both big and good, something was just off. There was a bit too much Russian dressing and cole slaw which made it sweeter than necessary. The chicken noodle soup was good, but the matzo ball soup lacked something. Granted, every Jewish person is partial to their bubbi's recipe but these were a bit too dense and it almost seemed like they weren't cooked long enough. 
That being said, the service was fantastic and all the employees were genuinely sweet. Being in the service industry as well, that is always something I appreciate. 
I also kind of like how it's almost communal style. It gives you a chance to potentially meet people in the neighborhood who long for the same thing that I do - a good nova lox bagel and/or reuben. 
I will say that I'll probably go back here if I'm craving something hearty but don't have the time to get down to Famous'. Otherwise, you'll see me down on 4th and Bainbridge scarfing down Matzo-Brei like the world is going to end in 5 minutes.Rachel's is really an awesome place and for a lot of different reasons. I've been there a few times now, and it has been a great experience every time. First, the food is great. Standard eggs, bacon, omelets, etc. Second is the layout. You order your food at the counter, sit down, and they bring the food to you. It is very much a throwback to the old style cafeteria diners. Finally, the ownership is great. They are a Philly family through and through, and they are always happy to talk to you about the Phillies, what's going on in the city, or anything else you can drum up. They're great there... go check it out!terrible cookies--rock hard and way too crispy. also, for $7.50, i think i'd rather go a couple blocks to primo hoagies for more bang for my buck.Rachael's has been on my to-eat list for quite some time now, because I LOVE Jewish delis. Their prices are extremely reasonable for their location, but honestly, I was less than impressed. When we walked in we were surprised to see that it was not that busy at 10am on a Saturday, but the longer we were there the more we understood why. Both dining partner and I ordered breakfast sandwiches and drinks to the tune of about $13. While the breakfast sandwiches were fine, it is kind of hard to mess those up. You walk in and place your order in the front, then grab some utensils and seat yourself. Their kitchen is right up front fully equipped with a microwave that appeared to get a good amount of use. I've seen McDonald's cleaner and brighter than this place. The neon signage lights in the windows are all half lit. The employees were fairly friendly but the place itself could use some sprucing up. There was no free salad and pickle bar like most other deli's and quite frankly I probably would have been scared to eat out of one anyway.
If you want a deli experience go down to Famous 4th Street, or if you've got a car and a sense of adventure head out to Hymie's, that's a real Jewish deli done right.Great place in Center City for a Pastrami and Chili on a cold winter day.  We loved it. VThe lox stock & bagel was delicious!!!! Very friendly service :) And so close to Rittenhouse Square Park.Rachael's Nosheri = Your hangover cure!
I don't think a week has passed since I moved to center city (July 2012) that my apartment hasn't ordered delivery from Rachael's. Typical deli menu. My favorites are the turkey special & italian with everything on it (oil not mayo!). I also order the chicken soup which is simple and has a classic homey taste.
One of the best things about Rachael's is it's hours. When most places are closed at 8 to 9 am....Rachael's is open for delivery! That's what makes it my hangover cure and Sunday morning knight in shinning armor. I order a breakfast egg, sausage, and cheese on a hoagie roll with a side of chicken noodle soup. 
PS. GET THE PICKLES. Honestly they are the best ever. I sometimes just order Rachael's to eat the pickles. They are so perfect. Not too vinegary and they are still super crispy.When in doubt, order The Reuben, and Rachael's offers one of the best I have ever had. 
In case you don't know, a Reuben sandwich involves several layers of hot corned beef, sauerkraut, and dressing. It is a sandwich that is difficult to mess up, although most that I have had are dense, greasy slabs of beef. The Reuben at Rachel's is light, fluffy, and dry. The sauerkraut is top notch and the bread was not soaking with grease when I bit into it. Some Reubens will leave you needing to take a nap afterward, but Rachael's Reuben goes down smooth. 
There are several stools facing the expansive windows overlooking the intersection of 19th and Sansom. I highly recommend grabbing a Reuben and enjoying the view.If you love good smoked fish-- I'm an absolute sucker for whitefish salad in the morning-- go to Famous 4th Street.
I've had better whitefish salad at Noah's Bagels; Rachael's is a big disappointment.Love this spot! Great service and great food. I got the Spice of Life (turkey breast, pastrami, Swiss, coleslaw and Russian dressing). Moist perfect turkey, and a ton of it. The dressing and slaw were a great compliment to the meats. Also, free tasty pickles.Ordered from Rachael's for the first time this morning and had it delivered because I was running late to work and couldn't stop to pick something up on the way. They were 1 of 2 places that delivered breakfast, so I gave them a chance. I also ordered online, so there's no miscommunication.
They had the perfect opportunity to impress me, but unfortunately, they failed. Went for some basics to make things easier (albeit not cheaper). A cheese omelet (bland), pancakes (dry and tough) and a side of bacon (crispy but cold). Even the rye toast that came with the omelet was burnt and cold. The best part (I say sarcastically) was that on Foodler, when I had to pick a juice, it asked me specifically if I wanted OJ with or without some pulp. I chose without and guess what I got? Don't give me a choice and then get it wrong.
Since this establishment is only 3 blocks away, I was hoping that the food would not be cold, but the eggs and pancakes were lukewarm, if that. Please invest in one of those delivery bags that is designed to keep foods hot; it will definitely help. I really dislike giving any business just 1 star, so I gave you 2 in the hopes that you will take my advice and get better.This place was great! Basic, quick and good. Of course I got a Reuben and I love their pickles. They're always cool enough to give me extra pickles:) The potato salad and Cole slaw leaves a lot to be desired. But I think everyone would agree that you go for the sandwiches more than anything else.good solid kosher style deli.  stopped by on our trip to Philly - food was good.My eating buddy and I have been here twice and have so far tried the Rachael's Special (corned beef with cole slaw and Russian dressing), Eats of Eden (brisket, turkey breast, and corned beef with Russian dressing), CB loves CL (corned beef and liver with cole slaw and Russian dressing) and chicken gumbo. 
The first sandwich was the most delicious due to the corned beef. The second was good but the brisket was on the dry side.  The third...was unexpected.  Having never had a sandwich with liver in it before, I assumed that the liver would be thinly spread on the bread. To my surprise, there was as much liver as there was corned beef. Somehow this combination worked perfectly for me, but it's definitely not for everyone.  The chicken gumbo was also delicious, with plenty of okra.  The pickles were fresh and crisp, much better than average. 
I'm giving this place 4.5 stars, not 5, because of the dry brisket.I have a confession...I'm a menu reader. If I am walking past a spot where a menu is posted in the window, I have to stop and scour it, recording a quick mental notation of "would eats" and "nah, not for consumption". So, during a brief stint in my vegetarian life when I WENT TEMPORARILY INSANE WITH FOOD BOREDOM and was eating meat, I saw the Rachael's menu and found "fat free chicken stew". Score! I thought to myself as I vowed to have that very thing the next day for lunch. And it was cheap to boot for a nice portion. 
             The restaurant is always pretty packed, so I had little doubts as to their acclaim. I ordered my stew during a very busy weekday lunch, and I waited a few minutes for them to scoop stew into a 16 oz. to go container. I looked around, read the captions on all of the pictures on the walls, went to the restroom, and had a conversation with a fellow diner. SCOOP STEW. zip zap. Apparently at Rachael's it's some kind of a mastered art. And it takes awhile. But I was excited to try something new, was salivating at the thought of something meaty, and intended to take my little stew into Rittenhouse Square to sit on my sweater and eat in the grass. 
            And I did. I sat and smiled as the sun hit my face, opened my bag, submerged my spoon into a hearty looking feast, and almost lost my lunch before I ate it, then I got a little verklempt.
            You know when chicken is 2 days old and then reheated in a microwave? That taste? Yeah, that's the one.
            OK, it's stew. But don't treat it like "meatloaf surprise" or "chef's special casserole". That's not what you do with the leftovers. I'm all about not wasting food, but when you can tell the food isn't fresh, then the jig is up. 
              I didn't go back to complain - usually I would, but they were still busy and I was too angry. But I haven't gone back since. I'd be open to trying their breakfast - hard to screw that up - but I won't be there of my own accord. Rachael failed me. Oye Vay.I had the whitefish salad on a bagel which was great but the place was crazy and unorganized. You didn't know where to stand to wait for your food and I found the staff to be a little rude. The crazy atmosphere kinda distracts from the great food a bit which for a restaurant is annoying. I wouldnt go back unless like dunkin donuts was closed or something.When Rachael's father died last year she sold to a new owner.  The menu is the same and the new owner is doing OK.   Really miss Rachael's energy and friendliness (and her father sitting in the back doing bookkeeping......)  The place is looking a little worn.
    We had a turkey sandwich, pastrami sandwich, chicken soup and a choc chip cookie.  All served on styrofoam......not good for the environment since it NEVER biodegrades!!
    The sandwiches were fine and will definitely fill you up.  The chicken soup was tasteless and I searched and searched for glimpse of chicken, but to no avail............  (was it watered down?)   Well, onto the cookie..... hard as a rock!  Good thing I had some tea to dunk it in.
    I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there. (I really dislike eating off of styrofoam.)Great food - horrible system. A bit disorganized, but the employees makeup for it. People who work here are great - very friendly, helpful, and know the regulars. The Reuben was pretty awesome - generally, I would stick tot he sandwiches. 
Mind you - this place is nothing fancy. Really a Deli in all senses of the word. Would recommend for a sandwich in the park.