Went to Rai Rai upon recommendation of friends.  They loved the place before it moved from it's original location.  The place was nice, very clean and the servers were very friendly.  I looked thru the menu trying to figure out what to order. I decided to ask my server and he recommended the akamaru modern. I had him describe the item and kept on looking at the menu as I could not see it on there. I went ahead, ordered the item and was not disappointed.  The broth was rich, the toppings were fantastic especially the charsu that was super tender.  The item was well worth the price. I'm adding this restaurant to my goto list for ramen.I wasn't impressed. I was headed to Terakawa ramen last night, and saw this spot. Seeing that it was new and had a special 20% off discount until the end of April, my friend and I decided to try it. We were the only customers in the entire restaurant. The staff seated us and before I even picked up my menu, the waitress asked if we were ready to order. Obviously not. When our waters came out, my glass had lip stains around the rim. You're a new restaurant and you can't even wash dishes correctly? Their menu has a lot of options so I wanted to read the descriptions, and I felt completely rushed because the waitress kept hovering over our table like she wanted us to hurry. Once our food came out, which was kind of slow considering we were still the only people eating in the whole restaurant, I was excited. The ramen was about average, the katsu chicken was average. What upset me was that we had ordered our gyoza appetizer first and it came after our ramen. The gyoza was the worst, stuck together, burned, and it was definitely frozen before served. Overall, I wasn't impressed by this new shop. I'm giving two stars because the food was still edible, just not amazing, or worth going to a second time. I'd recommend Terakawa ramen around the corner.This was my first time going to Rai Rai Ramen and it was so good! The broth was perfect. Full of flavor and just the right about of spice. I got the Shabu Shabu Beef Ramen and my boyfriend got the house Ramen. We also go the Fried Shumai for an appetizer. We both really enjoyed all the food we got. The restaurant is new, the inside is sleek and modern looking. The staff was also very nice and helpful when we had questions about the menu.I went rai rai ramen with my friend and it was good experience:-) The workers are so kind and the prices are resonable compared to the other ramen restaurants. I ordered shoyu(?) ramen and curry chicken katsu, 2pcs of pork buns. Foods are so delicious and the atmosphere is also great. I would go to rai rai ramen again!Can't complain about the new ramen addition to Chinatown! As it is right around the corner from Teraka Ramen, i can't help but compare. Both are small restaurants, and fill up quickly. At Rai Rai, there are 2 full pages of ramen to choose from! I didn't even know so many different combinations were possible. I went with my go-to miso ramen soup, and my bf ordered the shabu shabu beef ramen. And to start, we got the pork buns and edamame. The pork buns were like mini Japanese burgers, and delicious! The edamame portion was a little smaller than I'm used to, but I didn't mind once I saw the size of the ramen bowls! The food was delivered extremely fast, so I'd imagine tables are turned relatively quickly. The miso ramen was delicious, and I loved the garlic added to the broth. The charsui was also the perfect mix of meat and fat (hate when they serve you an overly fatty piece). The shabu ramen was also delicious, and pretty spicy, which wasn't indicated in the description. Overall I thought the ramen was more favorable than Teraka's. My only complaint was the chopsticks... They were just about the smallest and cheapest that you could buy. As a ramen joint, I think you should put some money into a good pair!
There was a sign on the door indicating it was cash only for the night, so assuming they will normally take credit cards. And it's 20% until the end of April so get in while you can!Went to get a dose of Ramen and found the place closed for kitchen renovations. No date is indicated which means that this relative newcomer is now closed.超正。。。。一定要黎。。。好食过隔离。。D汤超好饮。饮过翻寻味啊。。。黎到一定要点区地既赤之火拉面。。。辣得好鬼过隐。。。如果你中意食辣就一定要加辣。。区地既辣酱系出面食吾到咖。。必点。。小食既话仲可以点饺子。煎得够香又正。！得闲就来试下。。。This was my first time at Rai Rai Ramen, there was no wait and the service was good! I got the Kimchee Ramen and it was delicious! They have a lot of different ramens compared to other places in Philly. Can't wait to go back again and try some more!After finding a line out the door at Terakawa at 8:30pm, my friend suggested we head to Rai Rai rather than wait in a 30 min line for a table for 2.  Having never been to this place before, I always go with the basics.  So I tried their standard miso ramen.  Overall the ramen was OK, broth was flavored surprisingly well with a delightful hint of spiciness but that was about it.  Noodles were overdone and slightly mushy and the charshu pork had no depth in flavor, just salty.  Service was also sparse and rarely seen.  This place at best serves as a good back up when Terakawa lines are long.  Otherwise, I would probably just go the extra half a block to Terakawa.For only two pieces of pork and one piece of fishcake, it was overpriced. The fattiness of the pork and the broth was excessive.looking swanky! Completely different image than the New Brunswick location lol 
Ordered the Hakata ramen-- creamy pork bone based soup and thin al dente noodles. Exactly what I expected! The sesame and garlic bits sprinkle was a nice touch on top. Egg was a tad small but soft boiled very nicely. Chasui was very chasui-y lol. Noodles were delicious but I just like to note that everything was VERY flavorful. Not sure if they were afraid diners would find it bland otherwise or if they think Chinatown locals have a palate for heavier tastes.  Anyway, a very nice addition to Chinatown and love the big menu to accommodate for all different types of diners. 
Looking forward to coming back~
FYI 20% off till the end of april according to philly.com!I'm torn. I came here because I was a fan of their original establishment in NJ. A place i frequented many a times with my family before it became a ramen place and then a few times after. We went for the taiwanese food which I was always a fan of.
This time when I stopped by, again it was for Taiwanese food. I went with a taiwanese style chicken cutlet over rice with some sour veggies and minced pork, along with an order of roti cani. 
The roti canai was kind of garbage. I feel like it was the frozen scallion pancake you can get from any chinese super market, but the curry was good. It wasn't malaysian curry, but more a serving of the japanese style curry you can get with rice.
The chicken cutlet was a big light on flavor but breaded and fried pretty well. I dipped it in my remaining curry sauce, so that was good. The minced pork was great and along with some hot sauce and the sour veggies, it was a perfect throw back to the days I'd swing by in NJ with the fam.New Ramen joint, you say? Yea, I was excited too, but don't let those hopes get too high.
The pork buns were boring. The pork to bun ratio was lacking and the flavors fell flat for me. 
The Kimchi ramen was subpar. The miso based broth was surprisingly thick and although very rich, it was lacking a dimension of flavor that I couldn't quite put my finger on. The noodles were OK, but nothing to write home about, and the pork just reminded me of your run-of-the-mill chinese-take-out pork. The best part of the bowl was the kimchi which was just alright. Also, it does not come with an egg, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, rice cake, corn....or anything else for that matter; it was just kind of naked.
My husband ordered the chicken katsu curry ramen. The chicken katsu was actually pretty good. The curry ramen was acceptable as well but not quite tasty enough to bring me back.
The service was good and pretty put together. Our server was very kind so no problems there.
While I didn't withhold stars for presentation, the bowls were pretty sloppily put together. Many ramen houses that I've patronized take pride in their presentation and attention to detail, this just didn't cut it.
Rai Rai's is the RC Cola of ramen. It was a valiant effort, but I just don't buy it. If it was the only ramen joint around, it might stand a better chance, but there are too many other heavy hitters to compete with.
IMO, better ramen can be had elsewhere in the area like Hiro or Terakawa for the same price or cheaper. Several other ramen joints offer a higher quality ramen with better attention to detail, higher quality ingredients, and a better put together menu.
I will return to try something other than ramen, maybe they just need to shift their focus to their non-ramen offerings.Pretty average place. Nothing compared to Terakawa or Cheu. Tried their house special ramen and shumai. Besides lacking flavor, the ramen soup was lukewarm and the noodles didn't appear to be fresh. The shumai was really small with barely any filling. The service was good. My guess is that this place is owned and ran by Chinese. Hence its missing Japanese authenticity. I could be wrong. Probably won't return.Had the Hakata ramen.  Predominant flavor was salt.  Broth was lukewarm by the time the bowl arrived.  Char siu was bland and with an unpleasant, boiled fat rind.  The waitress kindly gave us a kakkoyaki (fried oyster) sample gratis.  But it was horrid:  an oil-soaked mass of panko embedded with a fishy-tasting oyster.  Decent service and nice enough atmosphere, though.First of all, this place looks much more Chinese than Japanese. The noodle is ok. But, don't order the pancake! The pancake was very oily and it's nothing like I've expected.I ordered the house ramen, it was so good and delicious! It was the best ramen I've ever had in my life; the broth was tasty and the noodles were cooked properly, everything was on point. The egg was almost fully cooked, I like it a little bit more on the runny side, but I didn't mind, I still enjoyed eating it. That's the only one I've tried so far, and I can't wait to order it again. Service was friendly and the food came out quick; they're offering a 20% off till the end of April.I had lunch with my friend here today . We ordered the Hakata ramen and chicken katsu curry rice . The were soooo good . As well as the service. Waiters are so nice!I love it ! Worth to go. I will be back soon.Been to 3 different ramen places and I must say this place is by far my favorite, even my fiancé who wasn't a big fan of ramen had a change of heart after eating here. We also took his cousin who never had ramen before and he also liked the noodles here. 
The restaurant is fairly new in Chinatown, also close to another ramen shop called terakawa which is right around the corner. What I like about this restaurant is that the space is way bigger compared to terakawa and nom nom ramen. The servers are also really friendly and very informative when asking for recommendation about the noodles soup. 
We ordered shrimp tempura and chicken Katsu as appetizers. Both were crunchy and moist in the inside. For the main meal I got the Hakata ramen in tonkotsu broth. The flavor was rich and creamy in pork broth. The char siu meat was so delicious and so tender. The noodles were cooked perfectly, not to soft and not to hard just right! When all three hit your mouth the flavors just melt all together and your  asking for more when you have realize your bowl is almost empty. 
My favorite ramen shop by far ;)Being the ramen lover that I am, I had to try this place ASAP. I had high expectations for this place, but unfortunately I have to give it a 3.5 out of 5 with the potential to be a 4 out of 5 if they work out a few kinks. 
The restaurant is clean with modern decor. As you walk in, there are regular tables that line the left wall, high tables in the middle, and bar seating against the right wall. 
I came here with my bf around 7 on a Tuesday evening and we were seated immediately with no wait. The servers are very friendly and courteous, but they forgot to provide our table with water or ask if we wanted anything to drink. The server is likely new or just being trained, so I'm sure this is not going to happen in the future.
I was pleased to see the extensive menu options with so many varieties of ramen!
We ordered the roti canai as an appetizer. It was tasty and well prepared (not too soft, not too crispy), but I'm not sure if the 2 roti and some dipping sauce is quite worth the $4.50. I'll probably try out another appetizer option next time.
I ordered the Shio ramen which was absolutely delicious. Firstly, I love that it's served in a nice bowl with a large ladle type spoon. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the broth was amazing! It's not too salty, not too thick/greasy, and packed with that lovely bone broth flavor! The fresh scallions and fried garlic add to the savory flavor. The pork was also perfect - tender with just the right amount of fat on it. BUT, they charged me $2 for half an egg (what the heck!). I like my egg a tad bit runny, but this $2 half-egg was fully hard boiled and the yolk a bit dry. 
My bf ordered the mini shoyu ramen set which comes with a small bowl of shoyu ramen and 4 goyza for $11.95. I wouldn't recommend ordering the set since the ramen bowl is significantly smaller and you only get an additional 4 pieces of goyza. Although the ramen is delicious, the goyza was subpar as the inside had a soggy texture and the outside skin was not crispy. 
They should consider adding a section to the menu in regards to how much extra it is for additions (ie adding an egg or extra bamboo shoot, etc). 
I would also be nice if they provided real chopsticks instead of the cheap disposable wooden ones that you have to break apart. Maybe I'm just paranoid that I'll get a tongue splinter. 
It was nice to get 20% off (promo until the end of April).
They still had the "cash only today" sign up, but hopefully they will start accepting credit soon. 
I will definitely be returning to try other menu items.
**Edit**
A few more visits and months later, this place has definitely climbed to a solid 4 stars in my book. I think they had to iron out a few things in the beginning, but service has been great each time I've returned here.
I usually stick with ordering a Japanese Ramen; I love both the shio and shoyu ramen. The specialty ramen are more pricey but you get more. I've tried the Hakata specialty ramen and it's delicious.We were regulars of their former outpost in North Brunswick, which sadly burned down. We always had consistently good old school ramen, the kind I used to get in NYC growing up.  The menu in this new Chinatown, Philly is not surprisingly similar to the late New Jersey branch.  
My daughter and I got our old standbys, the hearty Mapo Doufu Ramen and the Curry Ramen with Chicken Katsu.  Both had nice firm ramen in piping hot broths.  But it was the lack of depth in the seasonings that brought us the realization the cooking staff was not the same.  The silken doufu in the Mapo Doufu was good enough and there was a decent amount of ground pork, but the sauce lacked the doubanjiang depth that is essential in the dish.  Likewise, the curry sauce in the Curry Ramen was thin.  
I addition, the pork bun appetizer was average.  The pork belly was moist and tender enough, but the addition of the pickle and what tasted like Russian dressing reminded me of a Whopper.  Too many better versions of this close by to get again here.
The service was satisfactory.  No credit cards were accepted the evening we dined.I was curious to try this place after being reading a Foobooz article saying this was a "well liked ramen spot." Unfortunately I was sorely disappointed and felt misled. The ramen turned out to be a Taiwanese bastardization of ramen - ironic, given ramen is really a Japanese bastardization of Chinese noodles 拉麺. I ordered the spicy seafood ramen. The broth was too thick and starchy and tasted like the soupified version of the Americanized Chinese seafood stirfry you get at one of those corner take-out places. What really left me dumbfounded was that we also ordered the Taiwanese Style Fried Chicken and the Chicken Katsu Curry Ramen, only to find that the chicken for both dishes was identical. For quite some time, I've been looking to find a place in Philly that had decent Taiwanese Fried Chicken. What's incredible is that these guys are Taiwanese and to even tout this as Taiwanese Fried Chicken was an insult to both our heritages. Perhaps the only bright spot to this whole experience was that we got 20% off our check since this was their grand opening.We are regulars at rai rai ramen. Every week, someone in our friend group mentions ramen and we all get excited to go here. Disregard any reviews about cash only and salt level. Credit cards are accepted here. The flavor of the broth is really good and we've been to other top rated ramen places such as toto ramen in NYC and others. We are so glad we found this place since it's so close to home and we don't have to travel far for an authentic tasting bowl of ramen. All the different types of broth are really good. I always get the house ramen and my girlfriend loves the shoryu and oxtail ramen, but we also switch it up sometimes and have never been disappointed. We have brought different friends here and they also enjoy the flavorful food. The staff ask you how you prefer your salt level in case you prefer it different from the regular. All of our friends were fine with the regular salt level but they're so nice about accommodating to anyone's needs. The staff are very friendly and personable. We've also had their Kim chi fried rice which has become a must order now. Definitely give it a try or retry if you went when they first opened. Rai rai ramen is awesome!!!Broth: tasty
Noodles: ok, but brought out somewhat undercooked
Overall (Miso Soup): poor form. No egg included, fishcake is listed but it's only one and laughably small. The meat was tasty, but also small.
For the money do yourself a favor and try Cheu or go a block north on 9th and try Tarakawa for the same price you'll get more food.
So overall, for the price, the Miso soup is weak.
The Chicken Katsu appetiser was cheap, but the chicken meat itself was a bit strange and they gave us a terribly small amount of bbq/sauce with the chicken so as to nearly be useless.
I won't be coming back at the prices they're charging. 
The atmosphere is clean, but exceptionally boring and overly bright. Turn your TVs on and/or open the kitchen so I can have fun watching the chefs make the soup!ask for the secret menu ramen and the chili paste.  it is fantastic.  definitelyt he best ramen option in chinatownGreat place! I'm so glad I decided to try out this place. My usual ramen is Terakawa, but I was in an adventurous mood that day, so Rai Rai it is. 
I ordered the Hakata Ramen w/ Takoyaki side. Omg, delicious! The base was a bit salty for me (shio sea salt base), but delicious regardless. Best part was the takoyaki. Mouth watering takoyaki... One of the best I have had in a while. Definitely recommend this place and I can't wait to go back and try everything there.This place is amazing! Try the Mayu Ramen if you like spicy food! My girlfriend loves the butter corn ramen if you don't like spicy. Literally the best pork you will ever have!!! The staff is friendly and accommodating. They do take out but I would suggest eating here if it's your first ramen experience. RRR IS A MECCA FOR RAMEN LOVERS!!Very much enjoyed my dinner at Rai Rai Ramen, which is right around the corner from my usual go-to ramen joint (Terakawa).
Rai Rai has a slightly larger interior (able to handle groups up to 7 without difficulty on a Friday night) than Terakawa, and a larger menu. The waitstaff at Rai Rai was phenomenal: friendly and willing to discuss various aspects of the ramen, including the pickled cabbage that some (silly) patrons remove--so delicious! There's only one, gender-neutral bathroom, which is freshly tiled--the door itself could use an update--just a little rough around the edges.
My usual standard of measuring ramen shops is Terakawa's marinated egg. I'm pleased to report that Rai Rai's marinated egg is (a) whole and (b) was perfectly marinated and cooked--very slightly runny right in the center of the yolk. The ramen broth is flavorful; more subtle than some at Terakawa. The waitstaff asked if we wanted lower-sodium broth, which was nice. I should've remembered reading some of the reviews to ask for firmer noodles--they were slightly overcooked.
The gyoza was terrific--we were warned, upon ordering, that they're made fresh, so might take a little longer than the other appetizer we ordered. They didn't take long at all, and were quite good: very delicate wrapper and nicely flavored. I wished for gyoza sauce (the rice wine vinegar really adds dimension!), but the soy sauce at Rai Rai is very good: thicker and more luxurious than what you often find at Asian restaurants. The pork belly bao buns were good, too: not the best I've had in the city, I think I wished the sauce was a little thicker and sweeter, but they were refreshing. The pork rice bowl was terrific: egg, pickled cabbage, scallions, and ground pork atop white rice. Stir it all together and voila, total comfort food!
Definitely want to return to try other types of ramen (e.g., the kim chee ramen!).Glad I found a good Ramen spot in Philly! Service was great, seating was great and so was the Ramen. I really hate comparing places, but I think this place should be giving Terrakawa a run for its money! Try out the house Ramen it's delicious but pass on the bubble tea. I will definitely be backThis place isn't a bad for ramen but I'm a bit disgusted by the fact I found a long piece of hair in my ramen soup sticking out. I told the waitress of my problem and another ramen bowl was prepared. This was my favorite to go to ramen place but now after this experience it will be a while before my next visit. The waiter was nice and gave me a 10% off card for my next visit. 
Pros:
Lots of speciality ramen beyond your traditional favors and soups. My personal favorite is the ox tail one.  
Pretty good food
Service is usually fast even when the place is almost full
Prices aren't bad for what you get
Cons:
Dirty- double scan your meal before you eat!Really amazing food, excellent ramen options that other places don't offer. Good service, friendly staff, and a nice atmosphere. Possibly my new favorite Ramen House in Philly.This is the 2nd time I've been to Rai Rai Ramen since it has opened. My first visit was when it opened and we received 20% off the entire bill - discounts always tug at my heartstrings. 
My usual ramen spots include Nom Nom or Terakawa with my default order being Shio ramen. Tonight I requested my noodles to be extra firm and broth to be less salty. They obliged and i thoroughly appreciated that. The noodles were just as i like them, al dente. I wish the charsiu was more tender, broth's meat base were stronger and ramen came with an egg.
The husband ordered the Tuesday night special that included ramen and tonkatsu. Tonkatsu was not too greasy - crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Tonkatsu sauce not too sweet either. 
Service was very quick and wait staff super friendly. Order taken quite quickly, water glass always full, and bill provided promptly. 
Credit card can be used for bills over $15 which is always a plus in Chinatown.My friend and I were so excited to try this new ramen place in Chinatown! We read the mixed reviews and wasn't sure what to expect. We tried this place last week and we were disappointed. 
We ordered the house ramen and the hakata ramen to try. We thought that the favors were just mediocre at best. We felt that the bamboo wasn't up to par as well. I wanted to give it one star but decided on two because of the food presentation. Neither one of us finished our bowls and we were really hungry that night too. Only perk of the night.. we were able to pay cash and get their 20% off deal.Disclaimer: I'm not a huge ramen fan so my review is based on their non-ramen dishes.  
Overall the atmosphere has a very modern feeling and they have various seating options such as normal table seating, high table seating (for 2), and bar style seating facing the wall. 
The rice dishes are solid; I usually get the Taiwanese style braised pork over rice and they load the dish with a lot of meat, veggies, and a boiled egg...if you want some extra kick then add some chili sauce and mix it all together.  If you don't want ramen then I would go for there braised pork over rice.
I also tried their roti canai with Japanese curry sauce.  The curry itself was okay, but the 2 pancakes you get are a bit thick and doughy so I would give it 3 stars.  I personally like Penang's Indian pancakes more because of their curry quality and thinner pancakes.Very average overall, would only come for ramen and nothing else. 
Appetizer:
- Roti Canai: so disappointed. Very doughy, not like Penang's traditional style Indian pancake at all. The curry was diluted and watery too. Never get this. 
Ramen: 
-Shio and Shoyu are pretty good; very rich and creamy broths, al dente noodles, and melt in your mouth charsui. But doesn't stand out much too from Terakawa. 
Rice:
-Taiwanese style braised pork rice ($8-9); good and very filling but overly costly compared to getting it at MKee for $5.50. 
Good thing about this place is the large area for seatingsHFS.... what a great place.  Service is quick and the place is clean.  The Ramen is delicious and the broth is just about the best I've ever had.  I love that you eat with a LADLE.  That is epic.  I ordered the Seafood Ramen and it was filled with seafood!  I couldn't even finish and I am a BIG eater!  That never happens to me!  I will definitely be a regular.  I'm so happy this place is close to my work.The other night we went out on a date without our dog, Infinity Bleu. She fell asleep in her cage as we left and I set up my laptop in front of her with Skype on auto-answer. We drove to Chinatown and found a great parking near the restaurant we wanted to go to. We walked about a block to Rai Rai Ramen and found that all the lights were off and that they closed early due to the rainy weather. We expressed disappointment because we were looking forward to some delicious ramen, which we've been craving for forever. One of the workers then said to wait as he gets the manager. The manager came out and re-opened the whole restaurant to serve us. We ordered our ramen and one side of appetizer. The first dish we got was a side of Takoyaki, which we did not order! The waiter said that it was on the house from the manager. Just when we thought it was over, soon after our ramen and original appetizer came, the manager came out with a free order of gyoza as well. As we're eating our delicious meal, the manager then came over and issued us with 2 VIP cards that allowed us to receive 10% off when dining there. We were also skyping with our little Nity at home on the puppycam as we're eating- it was a perfect evening. When we finished eating, he then rewarded us with two cups of his new Hong Kong Milk Tea. We got our check and saw that he already docked off the 10% of the bill! The service we got there was beyond amazing. Instead of telling us to go home because they already closed, they blew our minds with such excellent customer service.Well..I have to say it's kinda disappointed. The restaurant is new, dec is nice, but the food is just ok. They are trying to copy Japanese ramen, but the noodle is too thin, the soup tastes too oily., the pork is too fat...I won't recommend this restaurant.The ramen is terrible!!! Too much fat!! I can see thick layer of fat on the top of my ramen bowl. I have never eaten something like this before, although I tried a lot of ramen restaurants in Philadelphia... Very disappointed! Such a waste of money.Environment is ok. 
I ordered arkema which is not on the menu. It's pretty good but the egg is really cold... I do like the broth and meat. 
My friend ordered miso ramen. It's whatever, nothing special. 
Definitely overpriced.The Ramen textures wasn't very good.   The pork bun have little taste, tasted very blend.   Teas are dollar a cup.  We ordered miso and salt soup.  Both was very blend.   There is definitely something missing in the ingredient but I can't pinpoint it.  The decoration was very decent.   
The bathroom had no toilet paper and the toilet does not flush.  It's not all bad but definitely room for improvement.     The service was good at the very least.I would choose Rai Rai over Terakawa any day. I have only tried their house ramen, and I am a total fan! The broth is filled with garlicy-goodness, and it comes with a side of fried oyster that is cooked perfectly and pops in your mouth. Their egg is also cooked perfectly. The house ramen also comes with bamboo shoots and chinese vegetables.
The service has been nothing but friendly, prompt, and quick in the 3-4 times that I've been here. I've also received their 10% off coupon a few times now, so it's hard not to keep going back ;) $15 minimum for credit card though!
Granted, this is not even comparable to places like Daikokuya in LA's Little Tokyo, but Rai Rai is a solid Philly ramen restaurant.The broth alone Is heavenly, let alone all the other goodies in the bowl. A must stop for any Asian food lover.I love ramen so this place didn't disappoint. The menu has an abundance of options that may seem overwhelming at first since I'm just used the ramen places with a few ramen options. I ended up getting the chicken katsu shoyu ramen. The chicken katsu came first and I nibbled on those as I waited for the ramen portion. It was quite flavorful and tender even though it was chicken and it was well breaded. I got excited for the ramen portion as the soup was rich and creamy just the way I like it. The soup soaked well into the noodles and they maintained their firmness instead of being too soggy. It was rather filling as I couldn't even end up eating all the katsu after drinking all the soup. Even though it seemed to look like a pretty empty restaurant, I thoroughly enjoyed meal and I look forward to another meal sometime soon. It is very much a standard ramen place and if that's what you're looking for then that's what you'll be getting.I'm giving this place a 3.5 stars given its fairly decent tasting broths and variety of flavors, from the two types of broths I have ordered so far (hakata and house ramen), seems like the shio ramen is not good from other reviews.  The portion sizes are comparable to Terakawa right around the corner, but higher in price (~$11-14 per bowl).  A potential downside is that their menu is still pretty extensive so its hard to choose at times what to get.
The biggest downside of this place is their $15 minimum credit card charge - if you are only ordering one ramen bowl for yourself, you are usually forced to pay cash or order another menu item to reach that $15 minimum.
The hakata ramen and house ramen both have their unique tastes - hakata being more on the light, clean salty side and the house being more on the deep, rich meaty side.  The vegetables/condiments in each ramen all had their distinct tastes, which prevents you from being bored by one specific taste. I also tried their mochi ko fried chicken which was pretty solid - different tasting than your typical American fried chicken with it being covered in an asian bread crumb seasoning and a strong sweet garlic sauce on the side for dipping.Currently there's a 20% off special till April 30th which is what drew me in. Otherwise I wouldn't come here. 
The char siu side was quite melty, the meat was tender but it lacked flavor. 
The one thing that boggled my mind was that the shabu shabu beef ramen was spicier than the tan tan ramen. 
I've had tan tan ramen before however rai rai ramen's version was really bland and dull. Shabu shabu beef ramen had a better broth. 
The tan tan ramen was kind of greasy too even though it was mediocre in taste. 
I left with regret, wishing I had gone somewhere else for ramen..Before writing this review I ate there for the 5th time in 2 months.. Honestly.. There is no consistency with the broth and meat esp. charsu.. The first 2 trip were perfect the broth was great and meat tenderness and taste were great! I always order the same noodle/soup type.. My wife does the same and we both had the same comment on our last trip. Consistency is missing.. Appetizer we ordered (Chicken Wings) came when we are about to finish our main entree, if you can't provide appetizers before the main entree might as well not put it on your menu.. We also tried the Japanese fried rice.. This is one reason why the 2 stars instead of 1.. It was really good.. The Thai Bubble tea was pure of sugar.. barely a hint of the thai flavor. Lastly... The mochi ice cream was rock hard..... Looks like it was frozen for 2 weeks. I'll come back for 2 more times just to see if I can still update this review of mine..Not impressed. This place is rather expensive compared to the other ramen places. I ordered the house ramen and it was so salty. I don't remember if it was a shoyu or shio based broth but it was super salty. Every bit of ramen ended with a gulp of water. I tried my boyfriend's ramen that was shio-based and again it was salty. I'm giving one star for service and one star for the deep-fried oyster.I am a bit biased since I worked at Terakawa Ramen around the corner for almost 3 years and love everything on the menu. However, I went to Rai Rai with an open mind. The decor was a bit cold and bland but it wasn't terrible. Our server was very nice and attentive. When asked about suggestions, he kindly offered his advice. Following his suggestion, I ordered the Hakata Ramen. My sister ordered the shabu shabu ramen but she changed the broth to a shio broth. My boyfriend ordered the Japanese fried rice. We also ordered the mochi ko fried chicken as as an appetizer. The chicken appetizer was actually really good. It had a great crispy crunch and a tangy almost wasabi BBQ dipping sauce with it. It is not comparable to Terakawa's karaage chicken since Terakawa marinates their chicken prior to dredging and frying. The Hakata ramen was good. The broth was light but a bit under salted for my taste. Their noodles are okay, nothing special. However, I don't like their pork. It's very very fatty in my opinion. The fried rice was a bit boring too. It was a large portion but it was bland. The best thing in my opinion was their chicken and their service. Our server was great and maybe I will come back to try different ramen. I think that their large menu may negatively impact them in the future.New ramen spot in ctown, of course I had to try. It's cash only, i have no problem with that but for those that are use to just swiping, stop by the atm prior.
Their menu definitely has more options than most of the other ramen shops i've been to. One side of their menu is in english, the other in chinese, hence why there were tables of louder chinese ppl than the average ramen shops...
Pork bun was a bit of a disappointment.. Whats with that pickle? Who puts a pickle in a japanese pork bun? The pork looked like it was just boiled and my bun was cold. 
I went with the basic, Shio Ramen and hubby got the Shio Charsiu Ramen. The difference? He had three extra slices of charsiu... Same size bowl... Just a price difference... And no egg. Did we order wrong? Were we suppose to request the egg that I would normally get @ Terakawa and Hiro and along with all the other ramen shops?
The taste was average, not wow'd by it. The flavor in the broth wasn't strong enough. The texture of the noodle was ok. 
I would still choose Hiro over Terakawa, Terakawa over Rai Rai..for now.This place is actually open. They were closed for a bit for remodeling the kitchen or something but I passed by today, they're open. The gyoza dumplings are alright. I didn't really care for the ramen, kinda smaller portion and wasn't as tasty as I was used to. My boyfriend loves them for their chicken katsu