Rangoon is a pretty good Burmese restaurant in Chinatown that I go to for lunch a lot because it is near work. When people ask me what "Burmese" cuisine is like, I say it's kind  of like a mix between Chinese and Thai. They have a great lunch special menu for around $7 that includes an soup or a salad, steamed or fried rice, and a main dish. I usually go for the Coconut Chicken Curry because it is creamy and has a yummy taste - very comforting - but today I switched it up and got the Chicken Basil which was also quite good and had a nice little kick to it. The service is usually pretty speedy, too, which helps when you need to be in and out in an hour. Overall, a solid little place.Rangoon makes me happy.  It is one of the few restaurants where I have never gotten a bad meal or even a mediocre one.  I don't think they have off nights in their kitchen.  The food is delicious and the staff is lovely.   They will accommodate special requests and adjust spice levels to your taste.  The spring ginger salad is the bomb!  This is my favorite comfort food and I am always sated.  I highly recommend the thousand layer bread with vantana bean and the coconut tofu is delicious.   I have introduced a lot of people to Rangoon and no one has even been disappointed.  Give it a try.I just tried Rangoon for the first time ever - and all I can say is, why have I not been here before?
My partner and I shared the Burmese crispy tofu, which was no ordinary tofu triangle. A thin, crispy crust with tons of flavor revealed an almost creamy tofu inside - and the sauce was no generic "orange fried appetizer sauce." It was full of flavor and delicious.
For entree, I got the spicy green beans with tofu - so good!!! Tons of fresh garlic and watch out for the sliced green and orange chili peppers, because they're in there. The sauce was super flavorful, and the green beans were sauted just right. The bowl of rice on the side was generous, and the rice was fluffy.
My partner got the curry chicken with coconut rice. After being initially surprised that the chicken wasn't in the uniformish cuts that it is in many run of the mill restaurants, she let me know that it was super tender and the flavors in the sauce were perfect. I don't eat meat so couldn't try it, but I did try her coconut rice and it was yummy.
I got a cup of jasmine tea for a dollar and loved it. Not bitter but warming and perfect on a cold day.
I definitely have a new favorite restaurant. The portions were great - we both cleaned our plates (though left rice behind). Not too much, not too little. Everything had tons of flavor, nothing tasted diluted by sugary sauces. Everyone was kind and I can't wait to go back!I love their grilled fish with red pepper, it tastes like Chinese food to some extent. The dessert is also good. A nice experience to have Burmese food which I was always curious about before!Had really nice flavors .But took way too long for the food to come.Terrible service.
Loved the calamari salad. Ordered seconds and they had forgotten the lemon. No one to ask as they were terribly understaffed.This place has some of the best food in the city- A MUST if you are in Chinatown... The service is great- the restuarant is very clean and well-taken care of, and they serve beer.  It's the food, however, that will keep you coming back for more.  My favorites are the thousand layer bread with vatana dip, the chili chicken, and the shan rice noodles.  They also do killer curries that I highly recommend.  We eat here (or get takeout) at least weekly.My dad and I came to Rangoon for dinner before an Eagles game. It hit a lot of things on my checklist - a varied menu appealing to meat eaters and vegans alike, close to public transport for the game, and a type of cuisine my dad would be unable to try otherwise. 
The place was pretty crowded on a Sunday evening, and it took a little while for someone to take our order. However, once the food came, it was phenomenal. We started with the spring rolls, which were crispy and light, filled with veggies and tofu. There are a ton of vegan entree options, and I decided on the monsoon vegetables, which were really flavorful and well-cooked. However, I would have liked it to be a little spicier - the menu noted that this was a spicy dish, but even my sometimes sensitive tongue found this to be 100% mild. 
My only complaint about the food is that the portions could be bigger for the price (especially a dish that is entirely vegetables), but you leave the restaurant feeling satisfied. 
I'd definitely come back to Rangoon, or recommend it to friends.It's been over a week since I went to Rangoon and I find myself still savoring the memories of the deliciousness we had on that Saturday afternoon.  
This is my 1st time trying Burmese food and I wasn't sure what to expect, so we ordered the classic dishes: Asian tea leaf salad, thousand layer bread, festival fish soup, and jungle beef. The flavors are similar to Malaysian / Thai / Vietnamese.  There was a nutty, crunchy goodness to the Asian tea leaf salad that I couldn't quite pin point and it was uniquely Burmese though you must be okay with the idea of chewing a bit of tea leaf to enjoy this (it also contains peanuts and sesame).  None of the other dishes were overwhelming, everything was nicely balanced.  
The staff were pleasant and efficient.  It's a big restaurant capable of handling large parties and they also had several tables for 2 (which is a plus).  We went before the dinner rush and had a very good meal.  I would definitely stop by again when I'm in Philly.I stopped by Rangoon on a recent work trip. I was dull and ordered the tea leaf salad and thousand layer bread based on reviews. The thousand layer bread is basically the Burmese version of roti canai, but made with coconut milk.  It was good, though a tad pricey compared to what I'm used to with roti canai.  The tea salad was a tad bland (though not bitter) and a few of the split peas were as hard as rocks. They seem a bit stingy on the tea leaves in contrast to some of the Bay Area restaurants. If I end up in this area again I would try some other dishes given the less interesting options in the neighborhood.JUNGLE CHICKEN, 1000 LAYER BREAD AND A BEER. Very little to compare to, bread was good and food was filling, but I have never had Burmese food before... someone had to show me on Google Maps where Burma was.
Overall the food was great, but at $30 for one dinner (appetizer, dish and beer) - yikes.Never had a bad meal here.  My favorite is the spicy green beans with tofu.  Of course the thousand layer bread is a must to start. Highly recommendFantastic. The first time I have had burmese food and was incredibly pleased. I got the Mandalay Nungyi noodles which, to my suprise, was a cold noodle dish with fried onions and chicken with fresh red onions and cilantro in some sort of orange sauce. Everything was balanced and perfectly seasoned. For 8 bucks I couldn't go wrong. I will be back.good taste, sth special.
Try banana leaf fishOnce you get past the hole-in-the-wall external appearance, you would realize how pretty the restaurant is inside.
My friend and I went here and ordered the set meal from their lunch menu. 
She had the salad. Which was great with the sesame seed dressing.
I had the soup which is okay but pretty much what my mom makes at home.
For appetizers, we shared an order of THousand Layer Bread with Chicken Curry Sauce, which is really really good.
I had the Coconut Curry Chicken for my entree. I liked the sauce and rice ratio.
My friend ordered the Mango Something Pork which was good but had no mango in sight or taste.
The price was nice, coming out to be 12 dollars per person.This is still one of the greatest restaurants in Philadelphia. I hadn't been in 25 years and used to live here and came back for a short trip. The food is so original and delicious!We really liked Rangoon and we want to thank those of you with suggestions here on what to order. We ordered
1.The Jungle Chicken
2. Asian tea leaf salad
3. Rangoon house noodles
4.thousand layer bread and curry potato dip
5.coconut rice
Our friend who is a Burmese food virgin  ordered the crab dumplings and some other dish that we did not try.
We ordered these based on the reviews so thanks!
We are writing this review for those of you who like to try Burmese in different cities. We have had Burmese in NYC for years.
Both at Village Mingala now closed and also Cafe Mingala which is still open. We have also been to Mynamar in Falls church Va. We want to go back before we review that one but did upload the only photo there.
I want to address a few of the reviews saying Rangoon was better than the Burmese we had here.
 I would not give it a blanket statement saying it is better. But I would say that the menu at Rangoon was so full and their selection was far greater than any Burmese place we have been to. It is also light years cleaner than any place in NY for Burmese. Although our Burmese restaurants are not in China town I wanted to also point out that Rangoon was much cleaner than any restaurant in any one of our four China towns here in NYC. Some of the menu items were better than here and visa versa. We will go back for sure when in Philly again. However I would not drive 2 hours to Philly just to go.
 We will however drive 5 hours to Falls church VA. to go to their Burmese place because it was much more flavorful than any we have been to but their menu is very limited.
Rangoon's strongest pluses were the variety in the menu and clean restaurant and very considerate service.
The Jungle chicken was great. None of the other Burmese places we have been to have anything like it as far as I know. For those who have not tried it it is a chicken dish with green curry but the predominant flavor is lime. It is really delicious.
The Asian tea salad was not as good as the salads we have here at our Burmese place because it did not have that special zing it was missing the citrus, could not even find the tea leaves and it had too many peanuts. It was more like a Thai salad than Burmese.
The coconut rice was almost a tie it was great but still not quite as coconuty as the coconut rice here in NYC and as you see in our review of Village Mingala the rice is  the only thing we mention.
The thousand  layer bread was good. At the other Burmese places we have been they have thousand layer "pancake" which is much thicker and more caloric so I liked the one at Rangoon because it was light almost like an Indian naan.
 We loved the Jungle chicken but the highlight of the meal was probably the potato curry dip that came with the thousand layer bread. It was much more flavorful than the curry dip we have tried here! The seasoning was distinctly Burmese.
The Rangoon house noodles were okay but much better in Falls church Va at Mynamar.
All in all it was great meal. I would suggest Rangoon to anyone! They are a great place to try Burmese if you never had it and if you have like us the variety is so great that you could go back many times and not try everything on the menu.I have dreams about the Crispy Watercress Salad.  YUM.First time having Burmese food.  If you haven't had it, think thai/indian/chinese fusion and you'd be close.  The coconut galanga soup was outstanding.   I tried the thousand layer bread with ootato curry sauce.  It's clearly where the phrase 'hot mess' came from!  If you haver ever had Ethiopian food, this bread is a crispier version of that.  I finished off my meal with th mint beef kabob.  Very spicy, but I like it like that.  Solid lunch choice for something different.   Next time I'll try the specials!Three words: Thousand layer bread
Be sure that your appetizer is The thousand layer bread its delicious! They have three different ones to choose from but definitely get the Curry potato. Who knew a dish so simple could be something so delicious. Its just a bread almost like a toasted tortilla that has a buttery taste that you rip up with every bite. You simply take the bread and dip it into the sauce of your choosing or eat it like a burrito. 
This place is very small but it has a lot of heart and you are immediately greeted the moment you walk into the door. Another plus? The service is fast, just as quick as they seat you, you'll be ready to pay for the bill. And nowadays who wants to break their pocket? You definitely won't be doing that at Rangoon. The prices are reasonable and the serving sizes are spot on.Anyone who's remotely close to me will know that I adore Indian and Thai... so imagine my delight in discovering Burmese.  Sadly, Rangoon is far--119 miles to be exact.  Thus, keep in mind that it has been a while since I've been there.
What I remember is their Thousand Layer Bread.  Looking at what the other reviewers have to say about it, I'd agree with them.  I don't guarantee many things to others for fear they'd bet on it, but I'd bet you'd like this.  It's flaky, pastry-like bread that you use to scoop up your choice dip... and the sauce is wonderfully flavorful.  I don't remember for sure, but I believe I had it with the curry potato dip and I think I could definitely see the Indian influence (naan and vindaloo with potatoes).  Essentially, this ties with Kaddo Bowrani (Afghan food) for the best appetizer of my life.I've come to this restaurant over five times, and this is because it is the cleanest, most unique, and definitely one of the top three tastiest restaurants in Chinatown. 
I'm not sure what authentic Burmese food taste likes, but the food here strikes me as a combination of Thai, Malaysian, and Indian cuisine.  The menu is humongous - the second I flip through the pages I am bursting with mixed emotions of hunger, excitement, and pure agony over the necessity to decide what to eat from what seems like hundred of delicious options.  
Don't let the potential for an emotional meal scare you away.  I recommend the following dishes:
- Thousand layer bread with Potato curry (tried the Beef curry, not as tasty for some reason)
- Rangoon house noodles
- Jungle Beef
- Pineapple fried rice (best I've eaten, even though I know this is not Burmese)
- Southeast Asia Noodles (pretty much like Pad Thai so probably not an authentic experience either)
The lentil fritters are really spicy, especially when you bite into the jalapeno bits so it's not really my thing.  I also tried the crab meat dumplings which seemed a bit too Americanized because of the cream cheese and minimal bits of crab - definitely not something I would ever order again.Thousand layer bread with curried potato dip was delicious! In fact, it is an absolute must have whenever I'm in China Town. While I've had the thousand layer bread with curried chicken, it was good, but not a force to be reckoned with as far as the curried potato. The thousand later bread alone without any accompanying side dishes is also delicious. The bread is made up of several buttery layers of goodness that has air in between. You can even pull the layers apart. Can you say Mmm, Mmm, good?I'm in town for a convention and went looking for something I don't eat as often in Cali. Rangoon was a quick walk from the hotel and got pretty good reviews, I figured I'd give it a shot. Restaurant was pretty quiet, and I got a seat right away. The server poured me a water and left the pitcher on the table...not used to that. It's fine when you have the room, but I didn't think it was a sign of great service. I ordered my shrimp lemongrass soup. A small somewhat sloppily poured bowl arrived (see pix). Another sign of service quality. The soup was tasty, a strong/sour/savory lemongrass, tomato, and chicken broth with some small mushrooms and a lonely shrimp floating. 
The main course arrived a few minutes later...accompanied by a chipped bowl of white rice. I'm not asking for Lennox china and crystal goblets, but chipped dishes should be tossed (cost of doing business). The mango chicken was fine at first taste, but got sweeter with every bite until I felt like I was eating dessert for dinner. The chicken was tasty, mango seemed fresh and firm, ingredients were fine....but the cloyingly sweet sauce was overpowering.After a long day running around in Chinatown, wanted to try something different for dinner. Debating on Vietnamese food and then saw on the Yelp app- Burmese food. Okay, I am game for trying out new cuisines. Had no clue what to expect? 
As we entered the restaurant, there were two patrons already at the table. Staff was friendly and guided us to the table. We asked for recommendations for I did not have an iron stomach for very spicy food. Something mild and nothing like the cartoons with steam coming out of my ears or tears pouring out. The waiter gave some recommendations.
We ordered the Thousand Layer Bread which was thicker and greasier than the Roti. Since this was the first time I tried it was okay, but I prefer the Roti better.
The Golden Triangles (Burmese Somosas)- It was okay and tasted like the Indian potato Somosas. The only difference was the wrapper was an eggroll wrapper and crispier.Must have been reheated for the middle was a bit cold.
The Pork in Mango Pickled Curry- Tasted good.$6.50 lunch special. What a great deal and meal. Rangoon has some of the best tofu / vegetarian dishes in Philadelphia. We usually get Coconut Tofu with salad and fried rice... the fried rice is not greasy just a few added peas and carrots. 
5 stars for Thousand Layer Bread... I order it plain and give it a little salt. Similar to a big round flat croissant. Some eat it with sugar for dessert. 
Rangoon "Secret Hang out of PBS".This place never disappoints! I've been multiple times and the food is always fresh and delicious! Don't be afraid to ask about the customer favorites, they are always great! The service is always good and pleasant and quick. 
I recently tried the (F5) Burma Inlay Fish! It's a crispy fish with chunky chili sauce and basil! Amazing!!! Omg please try this. The fish was fresh (didn't taste "fishy") and the sauce was complex with different spices that wasn't overbearing! The basil was a nice touch of fresh herb! Please please try this!!! 
Also they have a great Spicy (bone in) Chicken Curry! That was amazing!!  And don't forget, get some Roti!!!I like the food here... but my experience with the service on at least two different occasions here has left me disappointed.  I've been here multiple times over the last 5 years but during two recent trips here, the lapse in quality service started to show.  My boyfriend and I came here on a random weekday night.  There were literally two other occupied tables in the entire restaurant.  We were initially seated at a table for two people but when possible, we prefer to sit side by side.  We're not divas about it but as I mentioned, there was an ample number of unoccupied tables so we figured we weren't asking for much.  We politely asked the staff member (who I think was one of the 3 lady owners actually) if we could be seated at a larger table.  She wrinkled her nose and made a comment about how they were expecting a lot of other customers.  As you may guess, the restaurant stayed fairly empty the rest of the night.  So much for multiple other customers.  I ordered one of the fish dishes, which was lightly deep fried with a coconut curry sauce and vegetables.  I enjoyed it, but her unwillingness to grant a simple request when there were 10+ empty tables didn't sit right with me.
We happened to return again tonight because I had a craving for that same fish dish.  There were 3 people waiting on everyone and surprisingly, tonight was a busier night, with maybe 2 large groups of people.  Still lots of empty tables though.  But unfortunately, because there were just 3 people waiting tables and taking orders, things were very slow.  Our waitress/server didn't even look our way for a good 20 minutes.  Finally, our stomachs rumbling, we flagged her down.  Same thing when trying to get the check.  Even though I enjoyed my fish dish, the service is "meh" enough that I'd rather skip Burmese food and eat somewhere else in Chinatown.  I was a faithful customer here at the get-go but  my recent experiences were disappointing.Based off of a recommendation, my friend and I stopped by for dinner on a Saturday night. The ambiance was lively but not loud or crowded, and our server was prompt and friendly. The food was simply incredible. Bold, rich flavors, nice balance of spice, wide range of menu options. Burmese is this amazing combination of Chinese and Indian, and Rangoon does it exceptionally well and at an affordable price. Enjoy!Try their thousand layered parota with potato curry; also the faluda. Very good food, affordable as well. Friendly servers and open for a long time for lunch.I was so hungry and the food was so good that even the staff were surprised at how fast I gulped everything down! Do yourself a favor and order the tea leaf salad. I haven't met many of these that haven't been delicious and this one was no different. I also tried their pumpkin shrimp curry and loved the chunks of pumpkin and the creaminess of the curry. Just a totally satisfying meal overall.The fish noodle soup never fails to be tasty warm goodness!  I also recommend the thousand layer bread.If I had to choose one restaurant to eat all my meals from for the rest of my life, Rangoon would be it.  I have been coming to this establishment for 10 years now.  My work is located just around the corner.  I mainly eat lunch here and am in love with the Chicken Mint Kebab, Basil Chicken and 1000 layer bread.  Their dinner is also magnificent.  I recommend the tea leave salad and jungle chicken as well as the other two dishes I just mentioned.  Service is very friendly and very quick.  This is a genuine, family owned, Burmese Restaurant which is rare not just in Philly but also in NYC.  It doesn't get better than this for me.Came in close to closing time.  Delicious, met one of the owners, and left thinking more people should be eating here!For some reason I didn't think I'd try ethnic food on my trip out to Philly.  I was pleasantly surprised when my friend chose this place.  The food is yummy and the staff are so nice.  The place is located in this jenky street of Chinatown (though I've never been to a non-jenky Chinatown) and the decor and atmoshere is much better on the inside than the outside.  
We had their award-winning fried tofu that was battered in lentils and dipped in a sweet/spicy sauce.  Surprisingly yummy, though a bit dense.  I had the chicken cocunut curry which is similar to a Thai curry, but much milder.  My friend had the beef and lemongrass stew, which was packed with flavor, though the beef was a bit dry.  The sweet icetea was delightful--fresh, mildly sweet, and with no milk.
Overall, a good place.  I'd come here often if I lived here.My boyfriend and I decided to randomly yelp  a place nearby and this place showed up on our search. When you enter, the restaurant is quiet and dimmed but you can make out the decorations inside. It sort of feels like you're in between India and countries of Southern Asia, very interesting mix.
We ordered the thousand layer bread, coconut curry chicken and festival rice. The thousand layer bread came out a bit oily and thicker than the pancake at Vietnamese/Malaysian restaurants but it had the right amount of crisp to it. Dip that into the curry potato chicken dish and you will get heaven! 
The potatoes could have been cooked a little longer so it could be a little softer but the curry was delicious, not spicy at all! It is a more Asian styled curry so usually a bit of powder and coconut milk/oil infused. Note, this comes with a side of rice. 
The festival rice was my favorite dish. The rice is cooked with butter so that says all. The chicken was very moist and soft, comes out kinda like pulled pork/shredded style. Overall this dish was very flavorful.
I would recommend this place. However, the service is kind of slow.Thousand Layer Bread + Potato Curry = Spicy and Yummy!
I had the cold Burmese noodles and hubs ordered the Pineapple fish - great meals both! The prices are reasonable, the staff was very friendly and attentive and the decor was tasteful without going overboard.
I'd also recommend the coconut juice :)Rangoon is one of my usual places. The servers here are really welcoming. They were willing to customize dishes for me since I'm a strict vegetarian. I absolutely love their thousand layer bread with spicy curry potato and onion rings. I have tried a few other things off their menu but I usually tend to stick to the usuals. I heard the rage about their Burmese tea but it didn't do it for me, a little too strong. I can't get enough of the layer bread from this place!Great prices, good service, and excellent food! Loved the mango chicken and thousand layer bread with curry potatoes. Not as wild about the jungle chicken, but maybe that's because I loved the mango so much...will definitely be back!I do not know anything about Burmese food. 
Place was clean, looks like a "standard" Asian-kinda restaurant, and was full enough on a Sat evening to obviously be an "OK" restaurant. 
Some items came with a SPICY warning, but I did not find anything at all very hot or spicy, which is fine - Americanos don't "do spicy" for the most part. 
Service was fast and knew the menu well enough to make good suggestions and recommendations, I appreciate thoughtful input and commentary. 
Food was very well prepared and delicious. 
Presentation was kind of boring, but it was not expensive, so I had no expectations. 
Solid all around.
Def try it if you are nearby.After finding this gem by chance - Thank you, completely random Google search! - Rangoon has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, and I care about food A LOT. The food is delicious and the staff are some of the kindest humans around. There is never a wait and the servers are so patient with my young child. 
Favorites: crispy watercress salad, thousand layer bread, string beans with roast pork, dynamite tofu, and basil noodles.I eat several meals at Rangoon every time I'm in Philadelphia.  Burmese food is amazing and very hard to find.  Rangoon in Philadelphia is one of the very best.  Try the tea leaf salad.  Unbelievable.  Actually everything on the menu is pretty spectacular and I have had every dish on the menu.  If you haven't tried Burmese food and/or have never visited Rangoon, try it.  And be sure to order the tea leaf salad.When we visit Philly we try different cuisines and this time we followed Yelp suggestions and tried this highly rated restaurant.  It did not disappoint except the portion is smaller than anticipated but it is normal portion and we are just use to the family style portion of Asian restaurants.  We love it!Never had Burmese food before, so I can't speak to authenticity but what I tasted was delicious.
I recommend:
- Asian tea leaf salad: Chopped up bits of tea leaf give this salad a unique taste.  Peanuts give it a nice crunch.  Refreshing choice paired against the rest of the meal.  
- Thousand layer bread with chicken curry: Flaky, thin, pairs well with the curry
- Thousand layer bread with beef kebab: Tender pieces of beef with lots of flavor.  A must try if you like kebabs
The Northern Burmese noodle was OK.  Needed more flavor.  Tastes like beef chow fun at your typical Chinese restaurant.
Service was great!Chicago does not have a Burmese restaurant, so I went to Philly. 
Tea leaf salad.  Awesome.  Hard to find.  Go try it.Consistently good eats in Chinatown!
I love this place.  Been going here for a few years now and still haven't been disappointed by the food or service.
Recently I went for dinner with a friend and was quickly whisked in to an empty table since it was a slow week night.  
The space is pretty big, lots of tables, and good for groups as well.  Decor is tasteful and theme related.  Over the years it doesn't seem to have the traffic it used to, but however it still manages to get a steady crowd on most nights.  
The menu is pretty extensive.  If you aren't familiar with Burmese food, don't be afraid to try things.  There are lots to choose from, noodles, poultry, seafood, you name it.  Just expect lots of flavor and spice if that's what you ask for.
We had the thousand layer bread with chicken curry (a must), and pork dumplings for appetizers.  Shan rice noodles, Basil Pork, and Ngapali pineapple shrimp for entrees.  The shrimp dish wasn't so good to me, it was a little too sweet. On the other hand, the basil pork is always so good to me.  But by far the standout was the shan rice noodles.  Basically it has sauteed chicken, sesame, and peanuts with sesame oil.  We got it spicy as well and I just couldn't stop going back to it.  There is so much good stuff going on here that most dishes will be winners.  For example another favorite is mango shrimp or chicken.  It's just so well balanced with flavor and heat if you ask for it.
Expect good service from a friendly staff.
Enjoy!Nice people...great food...I will go back again and again... potato curry and fritters are out now this world. Ready to customize most of the dishes for vegetarians. Kudos.Really delicious!  Burmese food is so good.  We had their tea leaf salad, which was really unique and tasty.  Chopped lettuce with peanuts, it had a sweet and sour taste, very refreshing with crunchy nuts.  We also got their thousand year bread (fried dough, how can you not like it?) with potato curry (curry is key so you can dip the bread!).  
We also got their jungle chicken which tasted like key lime pie, creamy good- chunks of chicken in this creamy, lime sauce.  Their chicken curry was pretty good, but would try something else next time- it was just chunks of chicken in a sauce.
Definitely try their tea leaf salad and their thousand year bread!!  Their dessert is pretty good too, lots of coconut flavored good stuff!I've been meaning to give this place a 5-star rating for a while. The food is amazing and the lunch special is so incredibly cheap! I always get the Coconut Chicken Curry and salad for the lunch special, and it's only $7. In addition, I've been to Burma Superstar in SF before and suffered through the wait, however I honestly like Rangoon better (in terms of the Coconut Chicken Curry). I am so glad we have this wonderful option in Philly!I've been wanting to try this restaurant ever since I had delicious Burmese food on a trip to San Francisco many years ago. Rangoon did not disappoint.  Everything was fresh and tasty. And the staff was really nice and helpful. Really interesting flavors and yummy food. Highly recommend.Yum! My partner and I are staying near the Convention Center, had a hankering for something in Chinatown, but didn't want to roll the dice on a random pick. After some Googling, I came across reviews for this place and we were not disappointed. Of course, the thousand layer bread with potato curry was delicious (although a bit greasy!) My partner hates curry but loved this dish. We also had chicken with mixed veggies and spicy stringbean with tofu. Both were delicious, with the right amount of spice. I'd definitely recommend this place!This place is amazing. Lives up to the hype. The pumpkin chicken was so good and the 1000 layer bread with potato curry was amazing.Amazing place! The service was great; super friendly and helpful. I called for takeout and asked for a vegetarian option and they went over them with me and were flexible with the dish. The layer bread is soooo wonderful and tasty! I tried it with the curried potatoes and it was so flavorful and spicy (in the best way). I am definitely going to go back!I know what you're thinking - WE HAVE TO COME HERE TO GET THE THOUSAND LAYER BREAD! Everyone's obsessed with it! It's the best thing to hit Philly since rock and roll music! Or cheesesteaks!
And yes, I will agree, the thousand layer bread is great. We ordered it, and did not regret it. The chicken curry topping perfectly complimented the crispy folds of the bread, which was almost like a cross between a pastry and a tortilla. In fact, I wish we'd gotten more, since this was one of the big highlights of an otherwise decent but not overwhelmingly fantastic meal.
Other items that made it on the wow list included the crispy watercress salad (NOT for the faint of tongue - it is spicy as heck), the banana leaf fish (another fried dish, but truly tasty) and the festival rice with chicken curry loaded on top. I only had one bite, but I seem to remember that we enjoyed the night market noodles too.
We were unsure about the rest. Spring rolls and crab rangoon were fine, but nothing out of the ordinary. The chicken satay came out a bit cold, but the flavor was nice. We were not fans of the lemon chicken or pagan beef - very little spice or savory flavor - just kind of bland. 
A first for me - we tried a falooda for dessert, an exotic mix of rose syrup, vermicelli, tapioca pearls and pieces of gelatin with milk or water. They threw a little ice cream in there to top it off, too. I was enchanted with it's fourth of July flair - it was colored red, white and blue. Strange though it was, we did enjoy it.
Service here was inconsistent. Sometimes, I felt well taken care of, other times, no one checked in for 25 minutes. We did, however, always have a pitcher of water on the table, which was great when eating the spicier dishes.
I would return, with the knowledge of what to order again and what I might try next time around. Not sure who would join me in returning, but I want to give this place another chance to up their wow factor.I was ecstatic to find a restaurant that served Burmese food.  I remember the first time I had Ohno Kwautskwe from a friend and how good it was and was looking forward to having some again. 
I had the Creamy Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup entree and my boyfriend had the Mango Chicken.
While the chicken noodle soup my friend made was much, much better, Rangoon does a really good version of it. Rangoon goes a little bit heavier on the coconut and lighter of the spice.
The Mango Chicken was very good. It had the right about of sweet and acid.
We also shared an appetizer of Crispy Triangles: their version of potato samosas. Those were tasty too, but nothing spectacular about them.The food is good. But for some reason the food is similar to Penang or any of the Malaysian Restaurant. They have the Thousand Layer Bread with Potato Sauce similar to the ROTI CANAI which is better it has the Chicken in their dipping sauce. I think this place is better than Penang but I don't understand the difference? 
The people there are nice. But they're a little slow. Both in service and between the ears.The food is great here, which is why they are getting a THREE. Try the Jungle Chicken and Chili Chicken--both great dishes! The service, however, is NOT that great--I would give them a TWO for this. Whenever I go here in a group, it takes a very long time for them to check in on us so we can order drinks/food. They don't check in with us and it is difficult to get any of our questions answered. Also, when you get the bill, it's written in code so it's really difficult to split bills.This place is great! I've been to Rangoon and this definitely brought back great memories of my stay. The Thousand Layer with Curry potato was really amazing and the Northern Burmese Noodles we equally as great. I will definitely be returning here on my next visit to Philly.Got two items based on Yelp reviews. 
1. Thousand layer bread with potato. - Definitely get this! so much better than the chicken. I thought this was going to be like Roti canai, but it is sweeter, thicker and crispier. I love it! the potato dipping sauce was fantastic, spicy and very unique.  Definitely 5 star worthy. 
2. The tea leaf salad - kind of disappointing. It is bitter as hell. It is also pricey for the price and portion. The bitterness of the tea overpowered the flavor of the salad. 2 star. 
Overall, I would go back to this place to try other things. But definitely not getting the tea leaf salad. muck!Good food, at a price.
I enjoyed Rangoon, it's your typical semi-obscure Asian food restaurant.  Kitschy decor, attentive service, a mixture of authentic and bastardized food.  Burmese food was fairly similar to Thai and Malaysian, so it didn't open up my dining world but it was a bit sweeter so it was nice change.  Dishes come large enough for one or easy to share for two.
But a lunch for two there shouldn't cost $40.  Maybe if it was a bit more upscale, or we got alcohol, but for the food we ate there's gotta be a place nearby with the same quality.This review is based off of over 9 visits and having the Thousand Layer Bread each and every time. Ha ha. What can I say. You cannot come here without ordering it so come with friends so you can order the app and then split some other dishes. 
Make sure to let your friends know in advance that you are willing to share any of the the dishes you order family style except for the thousand layer bread and curry dipping sauce, hands off that shiz because that my friend is all for me me me me me. You will have to order your own if you want any.The food here is fantastic.  The Thousand Layer Bread is awesome. Had the Southern Burmese Noodles which were not heavy tasting at all. Very light and tasty. We also had the pineapple scallops which were fantastic. Service was attentive and good.Walking from the paid parking lot towards the Pholadelhphia Flower Show, we glanced towards 9th St and I saw Rangoon.  Hmm Burmese Restaurant.  Fellow Yelpers gave it good reviews and I am in the mood to heed yelp advise.
It was great advise!  Rangoon had very friendly and helpful staff.  The place was clean and the decor while minimal was impactful.  The artwork was delightful.
We had the thousand layer bread, a tad oily, but otherwise very tasty with the potato curry dip.  The String Bean and Peanut Salad was nice, cool, crunchy and flavorful.
Sweetie and I both chose vegetarian dishes and both worked well together.  He had the Tofu and Veggies with Mango Sauce and I had Tofu and Veggie Curry.  We both chose Mild, as this was our first time to eat here.  It was mild enough that we would venture for the hot next time we come over.  But I did bite into a piece of hot pepper and my ears were on fire!  Hahaha, it was delightfully hot (I love hot food) but I did gulp down my Tamarind Juice!  Had to wait for a few minutes before I could start eating again.  But all in all it was great food.
We had the Rice Pudding with Mango and it was not overly sweet.Overall really good food. Service leaves a lot to be desired for. Come for the food and nothing else. Thousand layer bread with potato and chicken keema are amazing!Great flavor, great food.
I felt bad for the chef/staff as we went right before close, but they were kind enough to accommodate us. We got the thousand layer roti w/ curry, jungle curry, fish curry, and some others. All very different, but delicious flavors. The best way to describe Burmese food is a mixture of Indian, South-East Asian and Chinese, or simply Burmese food. It's great. 
Looking forward to going here more often. Definitely check it out.I have mixed feelings about this restaurant. I ordered the Asian tea salad and thousand layer bread (beef) and I feel like the salad could have been a little less heavy it was really oily same goes with the thousand layer bread. The bread soaked up all the oil and it was soggy. I don't know if that's how the bread should be cooked but I didn't like it. I'm glad I only ordered a little bit and didn't let myself get carried away with the food titles and hype. I also ordered the spicy curry chicken on coconut rice and that one was good I liked the little spice going on it wasn't overwhelming.  I mean I do appreciate Burmese food but not from here. The food wasn't bad but i don't think I'll be coming back here for awhile unless I feel like giving this restaurant a second chance .I went into this restaurant with 9 people and no one was impressed (or wanted to finish their meal). The food was greasy (not in the yummy way) and one of us found a piece of plastic in the food. I was really surprised because usually yelp is really accurate for me (this place had 4 stars). Coconut curry is pretty bad - but the pumpkin soup was decent.Great lunch spot. Surprisingly inexpensive. Genuinely burmese. I think it has a $15 dollar minimum for credit cards. 
Also, despite my autocorrect, the 1000 layer bread is not a 1000 layer breast. Both dishes sound neat, but the 1000 layer bread is wonderful appetizer. A must. I don't think they serve the other one.First timer on Burmese food. I liked the spicy noodle soup but didnt particularly thought that other dishes were tasty. Ordered Thousand layered bread(good), shan noodle soup(good), fried crabmeat dumpling(ok), spring rolls, and a string bean and peanuts salad(very greasy). Maybe next time will be better.After having Burmese salad everyday while I was in Chaing Mai, Thailand (it was a non profit cafe for Burmese refugees), I was working up a mean craving for it after I had been back for a few months.  Finally, it struck me (yup it took months for me to think of it!) I googled Burmese food Philadelphia and found this place!  and aaaahhhhh  yeeesssss!!!!! They have the Burmese Green tea leaf salad!!! it is called asian tea leaf salad on the menu.  I strongly suggest trying it if you go, it is so unique, and you can't get it or anything similar in any other cuisine... it is a BURMESE SPECIALTY.
My favorites:
1. Asian Tes Leaf Salad (ask for no shrimp and no fish sauce  if you are vegan/veggie)
2. coconut rice
3. Potato Curry
service is very friendly, but sometimes they forget to bring out some food you order.The jungle chicken (a green Thai style curry) is one of the best I've had. There's a strong lime flavor which is unexpected but amazing. Great portions for take out!This place is a gem, especially for those who like spicy food. The watercress fried salad is a must try, bad for you viens, good for the soul. They make the best vegetarian dishes in town by my measure, starting with the chili tofu. The "thousand layer" bread with the spicy vatana dip is sensual. GO HERE NOW!I'm from Burma and live in Southern California.  I don't get to have authentic Burmese food out there as there aren't good Burmese restaurants.  Love the tasty dishes, hospitality, decoration and price!It's like Thai and Indian food had a baby! And yes, you must get the 1000 layer bread with either the chicken or potato sauce. Firecracker Fritters satisfy your need for heat. I've always have a fantastic meal here no matter what entree I try. So good!I love this place. I've come here twice now, and both times it's been delicious. Plus despite the fact that years pass between visits (we were living on the other side of the country, no reflection on Rangoon)...the owner always remembers my husband - and now me! The hubs always gets the Khao suey (sp?), which the menu calls southern Burmese noodles. Thousand layer bread is a must, and there's this glass noodle and mushroom soup that is my new comfort food. I've tried a couple of the noodle dishes now - Shan rice noodles tonight - and have yet to be disappointed. 
Plus, you guys, it's totally reasonably priced. Even the drinks - while it's just a limited list of beer & wine (no fancypants lemongrass martini here, which is a good thing), the prices are super cheap. What's not to love?It's hidden on the outskirts of Chinatown, and is actually a decently sized restaurant that is pretty busy on weekend evenings.  We came for a late dinner at 8 pm on Saturday and it was pretty much full.  The food itself is decent and a cross between Thai and Malaysian, with a nice selection of stir fries and curries, as well as some distinctive appetizers.  
We had the following:
1. Tea leaves salad: This was a house specialty and different, with a combination of shredded cabbage, sesame, peanuts, tea leaves, and tomatoes.  I couldn't find the dried shrimp, though.
2. Thousand layer bread with curry potato: Pretty standard but smaller than Banana Leaf's or Penang's versions, and a bit thick and less crispy.  The dipping suace was pretty good, though, and relatively spicy.
3. Eggplant pin sein: An okay dish with relatively greasy stir-fried eggplant, garlic, onion, and basil  in a soy-based sauce.  Probably the least favorite dish of the group.
4. Sauteed fresh mushrooms: Savory blend of button mushrooms, onions, peppers and scallions in a light garlic sauce.  A nice, lighter option.
5. Mango chicken: Very solid with plenty of chicken breast slices and fresh mango in a sweet sauce.  
6. Northern Burmese noodle: A drunken noodle-like dish with thick, flat rice noodles, shrimp, chicken, scallions, and bean sprouts in a sicy sauce.  Solid.  
7. Jungle beef: Rangoon's version of a green curry beef with a medley of pepper slices.  I really liked the creamy curry, which has a stronger coconut flavor than the versions found at other Thai and Malaysian restaurants.  
Service was very good and the food came in less than 10 minutes.  Hot tea is $1, but the prices are pretty reasonable and it came to about $100 for everything, including tap and tip, and the portions were enough to feed 5 perfectly.Unassuming and brilliant. This place is a hidden gem for sure. The food is unbelievably tasty, and the service is warm and cheerful. The biggest con, in my view, is the ambience, and to some degree, the location.
Went with a colleague for dinner and cannot believe I hadn't tried this place in all this while. Trust the reviewers, and don't walk out of this place without trying the thousand layer bread with potato dipping sauce. It is something out of the ordinary. We also ordered the crispy onion, the basil fried rice (special), chili tofu and basil noodles with shrimp, and paid less than $50 in total, which was the cherry on top of this wonderful experience.Cuisine of Burma, now known as Myanmar.  Service is quick, and dishes come out as they are ready.  That means you won't all get your meal at the same time.  I recommend sharing.
Situated between China and India, the food features influences from both countries.  Samosas are wrapped in spring roll-type skins and come with Chinese-style sauce.  The mango shrimp were very good.
My meal, Rangoon house noodles, was a bit salty and not very spicy (despite a menu designation of "spicy").  
I'd visit again, but I can't help but think that I'd enjoy Burmese food more if I tried it elsewhere.Great service.   Really enjoyed the tasty food.I like it here, but I have only came here twice during my short lunch breaks and haven't had enough time to get the feel of the restaurant. Nonetheless, I like the way the waitresses attend to the guests very well. The most sincere manager too!Really great authentic Burmese food. The service was also really great because the lady who took care of my table really felt like a classic Burmese auntie who wants the best for you!