We ordered take out one night, feeling Thai, not really sure where to go, and found this place and saw the good reviews. I tried to order fresh spring rolls, but they didn't have them, so I got coconut chicken soup- which was very good! I ordered red chicken curry and my husband got drunken noodles with shrimp. Both were so boring, and for $15 a piece we were both disappointed. We both also requested spicy and neither of us got it. It seems like other dishes might be better, but we most likely won't go back again. Sorry, Ratchada, we wanted to like you.Ordered delivery today which arrived on time and still hot. Spring rolls, beef drunken noodles, and chicken satay. Everything was delicious and the portion sizes are generous.Very good food, the place was empty when we visited.  Service was quick enough, and they provided some recommendations.
I started with the Laotian onion soup.  Very tasty, with a lot of vegetables, I would order this again.  I also tasted the tulip dumpling, which wasn't exactly what I expected, but the flavor and sauce that went with it were both good.
For my meal I had the Hor Mok Laos with salmon.  This is a fish stew, and was very flavorful without smelling too heavily of fish.  While the broth/sauce was thin, adding the rice made it almost a solid.  Very tasty, I'd order this again.Food: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 4
Prices are reasonable, and its made even better because it is a BYOB. There is a nice atmosphere that usually is lacking in a suburban strip mall Thai restaurant. Would definitely consider a return visit.I made the mistake of ordering from here through eat24 via the Yelp ap. Delivered cold 40 minutes late, after the already long delivery time. Delivery time said 45-60 mintutes; was  about 2 hours. The green curry had nice spice but dry chicken. They clearly skimped on the amount and quality of chicken as well as the accompanying vegetables (and even the rice--who does that). I got a cool 10% off (are you kidding?) when I called to find out if I should give up on the order. I also attempted to call the restaurant but they did not pick up. In addition to the absurd wait time, I spent another 17 minutes on the phone. Waste of time and huge disappointment if you are looking for solid Thai food.I got the veggie drunken noodles and buddha dumplings and it was yummy! Warning: The Thai chilly spice level is actually very very spicy and i loved it :DFood is excellent, service is just ok- only because it is super slow. I love the panang curry. The lunch specials are excellent too :). I loved cafe de Laos and was really upset when I found out they weren't there but this place is great. The decor also looks much better than before. I'd give it five stars if they could speed it up a bit!Love this place! The food is excellent, the service is always on point and the ambience is lovely. The prices are very reasonable and the takeout is just as good as in the restaurant. Highly recommended. This is my go to place when I'm craving Thai.Ratchada is a rare gem, and it's conveniently located in my Bella Vista/South Philly 'hood. The owners and servers are super gracious, accommodating and friendly (shout-out to co-proprietor Jip and server Ben (a woman). They were so kind and sweet, I decided on the spot to hold my birthday party there. The decor is lovely, and the food is sublime. Loved my Drunken Noodles. Ratchada is very veg and vegan friendly. The desserts are super yummy and homemade. Do NOT miss the Thai Tea Cheesecake, out of this world! The vegan Sticky Rice and Mango was delicious too. Love, love, love this place.I've been to Ratchada several times and have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ordered.  The dining room is gorgeous and cozy, very warm atmosphere with beautiful table coverings and handmade aprons on the servers.  The staff, including the chef, have all been so helpful and friendly.  If you like doing lunch or are looking for an affordable way to try the place out, they offer a great lunch deal that includes a bowl of soup and a main course for $7.95.  You really can't go wrong.  It's a byob so you could enjoy your favorite bottle from home or the liquor store down the street if you feel so inclined.  
Something very important to me is how accommodating the chef has been to my gluten-free needs.  I brought in a small bottle of gluten free tamari/soy sauce on my second visit and he was able to prepare pretty much anything I wanted from the menu. Even without that sauce, there were more than enough options on the menu (as they were or adjusted to meet my needs) and my meal on the first visit was delicious.  Even if you don't have a food allergy, it's good to know that the chef is so knowledgeable about and skilled with food.  
The coconut milk soup is lovely!  I'm afraid I can't comment on their other soups because I love it too much to order a different one.  I immediately appreciated the obvious freshness of the ingredients.  The Ratchada madness is the last dish I  ate there and I think it's now my favorite.  Something interesting that I have discovered is pepper.  Yes, fresh pepper still bunched together.  I hadn't thought about the condition of pepper before it was a dried peppercorn being loaded into my pepper mill.  Well, these tender green fruits on the vine are amazing; what a fun flavor burst!This place is a wonderful hidden gem and it has become my favorite thai place in philly.
Entering the restaurant from washington ave is like walking into a Thai oasis filled with elephant sculptures and intricate tapestries. It feels more authentic than you would expect, given the neighborhood.
The tom kha soup is just right- not too sweet, spiced perfectly, and filled with the right amount of fresh veggies. The spring rolls are crisp and delicious. The penang curry is addictive- I ordered it with coconut rice. I also recommend the "Lovely Eggplant" dish.
The chefs clearly take great care in the presentation of each dish, and the portions are generous.
The service was great- though I must say the restaurant has been pretty empty the few times I have been so far, probably because people were scared away by the old management and haven't rediscovered it yet!As we all know, good Thai food is relatively difficult to find in Philadelphia.  I recently decided to take a chance on Ratchada and boy am I glad that I did.  
Highlights include a cozy interior with elephants to spare, attentive and friendly staff, delicious pad Thai/drunken noodle/coconut milk soup/beef salad/Thai crepes, and perhaps most importantly, it is BYOB. I have already been back a second time and I plan on making this a regular dine out location for my friends and myself.  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor, try this place.Place is very quiet and beautiful, but the food quality not so much, this place is pretty pricey and has small portions. I had the fried calamari as my appetizer, which was very sweet and drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. I had the Pad Thai as my entree. It was alright, I had better for cheaper. And had some of the Pad Si Ew, which was my least favorite. It did not look appetizing. It was served on a very big plate, with the food served all on one side of the big plate. The eggs were cooked in a way such that it looked like paste or non existent. Small portions and lots of unfinished food, just didn't enjoy the food. Overall, was not pleased with the foods. Reviews and pictures are very convincing on Yelp but I felt mehhh...Came to eat dinner the other day.  The service was wonderful.  The waiter was very nice and very attentive.  The atmosphere is very nice also.  The food was just ok.  We had the chicken satay- the chicken was too lightly cooked for me.   I'm iffy about chicken and think it should be cooked further...at least browning it more.  The chicken satay was very good though.  Moist and flavorful.  We had the Lao's appetizer.  The only thing I liked was the salad .  Everything else was very mediocre.  I ordered the Drunken noodles.  It was way too salty and sweet.  I couldn't even eat the noodles.  All I ate were some of the beef and the green beans.  My husband had the Pad Thai which he had a few bites and did not finish either.  I wanted to like this place because of the service and the atmosphere.  Maybe I need to try something else on the menu and will update my review later.The food was decent and arrived on time. The Siam noodles tasted like the frozen Trader Joe's pad thai.  The massaman curry was okay. The fried tofu appetizer was good but came with only a tablespoon of sauce for dipping. Over all, not bad but there are numerous better options in the city.Amazing food 
Taste is delicious
Phone service excellence
Delivery prompt
I am a connoisseur of Thai food and this place is amazing! 
I promise you will not be disappointed
Please make this your home meal- deliverySolid Thai food. Have only gotten delivery but the orders have always been correct and requested spice level correct. Their menu is a bit more extensive than most Thai places.  The crepes curries and pad Thai are all really good.YO so....
My father came to visit me and we wanted to go get Thai.  So I suggest we go to the one Thai place in S.Philly I have not been to yet.  We walk in and not one person was inside, I thought it was closed but then our server walked out from behind some weird partition and sat us.  She was attentive to us our whole meal
The interior is nice and elegant but very relaxed and comfortable.  
We split an appetizer of these egg noodle covered shrimp jawns which was pretty good.  The shrimp were HUGE....
everything came out in a very reasonable amount of time
I got the red curry w/chicken, my father got the thai basil w/chicken.  My god it was some of the best red curry I've ever had.  The peppers and bamboo were so fresh.  The curry was spiced perfectly.  My dad said it was some of the best Thai food he's ever had and he lived in Thailand for a year....  The presentation of food was also nice.  moderately priced.
To sum it up this is my new Thai place.  Better than circles by a long shot.  I'd probably take a girl here that i kinda like.  5 stars!The relatively nondescript exterior of this place (and of 11th street) can be deceiving, because the beautiful decor and warmth that radiates from the interior really transport you to a different place. I came here on Wednesday night. The restaurant was probably about half full. It's not very loud, so it was a great choice for a small gathering with friends. I'm thinking of bringing my family here next time they are in town. 
The service was very smooth, and I felt the food was very authentic. Having well traveled and tried a great variety of different ethnic foods, I was pleasantly surprised at the large selection of new food items they had that I've never heard of or seen in Philly. 
We had the Thai Sampler and the sticky rice with beef jerky as appetizers. They were both delicious, all coupled with some very good sauces. As entrees, we had some curry dishes, Laab Chicken, and the Ratchada Duck. My dish was the duck, which had very crispy skin and very great flavor. This duck is better prepared than some of the Peking duck dishes I've tried in some Chinatown restaurants. I did not really get a chance to try the other entrees at my table, but I heard a lot of compliments about them. 
For dessert, we had the mango sticky rice, Thai tea ice cream, and fried bananas and chocolate. The ice cream, while served in a very cool-looking glass, was very icy and only faintly tasted like Thai tea. However, the mango sticky rice and fried banana rolls were tasty and different from typical dessert offerings. I really enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming back at some point soon!Came here on a whim with a friend who was visiting from Ithaca NY.  We had a wonderful experience!  The food was very flavor and fragrant.  My boyfriend raved that it was the best Pad Thai he ever had - and I especially like how it wasn't so oily like I've seen with other Pad Thai dishes.  We also experimented by trying the Ka Nom Jeen Kang Kai (Green Curry Noodle), which I really enjoyed.
On top of all of this, the service was outstanding.  Our server was very pleasant, and you could tell that the manager really cared about your overall experience.I've been to this place for awhile now. First off, they probably have the best thai food in philly that I have found. Their papaya salad & crab fried rice are amazing, but their pad thai can be a hit or miss depending on the days. But overall everything on the menu is very decent.
Service is great. The servers there are very nice to us, they remember & greet us every time we come back here. The decor is quite nice as well. Overall, I'm very pleased with this restaurant. Highly recommend!Very nice ambiance for a Thai restaurant. Upscale.
I had the lunch special, and the portions were big (at least it was a very good value). I also ordered the fish cakes, which were tasty.Ordered through Eat24 for delivery and it was great!
The panang curry was. SPOT on , perfectly sweet and smooth. The green curry was also so flavorful. 
Loved the pad see ew - perfectly chewy thick noodles! The drunken noodles were fine but nothing special. 
Of note, they got the spiciness level just right and we ordered 5 items at varying spiciness. I definitely appreciate that. 
Will be ordering delivery from here again!Tried many of the dishes. Very well balanced flavors and options. From Pad Thai to Green Curry among others I can't spell, nothing was too salty or too sweet.
Our new favorite for Thai food in Philadelphia...eat in and byo or takeout.The server is very polite and nice; the dishes came out a bit slow; we ordered mainly rice and noodle dish and they tend to be overly sweet.  They might be the sweetest Thai food I ever tasted.  The beef is bit on the dry side.  
The place was packed the whole time we were there (on a Saturday night).  So maybe we didn't order the right thing?Excellent food. Good peaceful ambience. Good for groups. Lot of options for vegetarians.
Loved the ratchada curry.Amazing Crispy Duck awaits.. I stumbled across this gem And was amazed.. The delivery arrived piping hot and swiftly.. EnjoyLaos and Thai food are very similar. The Laos sampler was very good. I had to order a side of sticky rice to eat with it. Delicious.
Stuffed pepper was awesome. The sauce is a tangy sweet flavor which complimented the stuffed peppers. The mok chicken was lacking in flavor. But ok. Lard Na beef was good but smaller on portion. Phad Thai was good.
Thai tea was great. Perfect! The deserts: mango with sweet rice was lacking in the sweet coconut rice. The chocolate banana egg rolls were perfect. Yummy. Thai tea ice cream was delicious.
Perfect family dinner with the kids. This place is absolutely stunning in the interior decor. Byob is also a plus. Parking is hectic. Enjoyed the meal here.My friend and I went to Ratchada last night for a girls night dinner date. She was a little hesitant about Thai food at first but it was AMAZING. I had the lemongrass creamy chicken soup which was everything I wanted and little bit of what I didn't expect. Then we shared an exquisite and beautiful Thai Sampler, absolutely everything on the plate was delicious. To finish the night we shared green curried fried rice which was savory with a little kick! 
I honestly do not know why this place is not pack every single night. The service is fast and friendly. The food is extremely delicious, portions are large, and it doesn't make you feel gross afterward because most of it is pretty healthy. It is also a gorgeous atmosphere and the presentation of your food is almost too good to eat! The price is just right, especially for all the effort put into the food, perfect for a reasonable date night!
Try it and it won't disappoint.I have been love this place. A very nice people who serve you is one of the biggest sign in this place. The place will take you to an Asian like place. The food is very delicious. The price is very reasonable. The most of all you can order on-line and when it ready you can pick it up. It is very convenient. The website is nicely done. Most of all I totally love this place.Whoa! I can't believe I haven't been here before today. We ordered food for pick-up. The interior of the restaurant is nicely decorated. The tones of the room are pretty subdued and it would be great for date night. 
The pineapple fried rice was delicious! It had a great balance of veggies, pineapple, rice, and cashews. It wasn't curried which for me was a bonus as I'm not fond of curry in my pineapple fried rice. We also ordered the veggie spring rolls, and fried bananas with chocolate. everything was cooked well, nothing over or under cooked.
I will definitely order pickup again, or dine-in here.This place deserves *5 STARS* This honest review is based on the quality of food. Fresh ingredients, consistency and taste of the sauces for the apps and entree on the Thai section that I've tried so far are on point and I've frequented just about most restaurants in this category of food. Just try and see for yourself. Added bonus service, ambiance and overall experience exemplary.  A MUST TRY. Thank me later.I am in love with this place just as much as everyone that I recommend there. I have been coming here since Cafe de loas and the new renovation looks very great. I am Thai/Lao and I don't bother going to any other Thai/Lao restaurant in Philly. I live in Jersey City, NJ and I travel all the way there because the food is just that great. The service has always been stellar and I wish more places had waitstaff like this place. Always knowledgable about the cuisine, attentive, and happy. The owner is a sweetheart and always enjoy seeing her when I go there. My God mother and I always tell people that this is our favorite restaurant of all time. Feels like home. Recently went here for my God mothers Bday and they gave her a free Thai tea cake. Which was very good. I recommend the Tom yum talay. And Larb tuna here is my favorite and order it everytime. Also the coconut ice cream unlike anything I've ever had before.Made a trip to Philly over Christmas weekend, and was searching for a Thai place for dinner. Ratchada appeared on my radar.
I got the papaya salad, Pad See Ew, and a Thai iced tea-they were a hit.
Place was open till 10:30PM. I walked in a little passed 9PM, and stayed well past 10:30, and the staff was very accommodating.
Food was wonderful.
Staff is very attentive to patrons.
Portions are reasonable for the price.
Will revisit next time I'm in PhillyI've been to a LOT of Thai places in Philly and this is the best.  Hands down. Lovely people. BYO. Fast delivery. Cannot go wrong.Ordered delivery from here tonight and it was amazing! Extremely flavorful and hot on arrival. Highly recommend if you're looking for authentic Thai food! I ordered the Massaman Curry with the very spicy option, Tom Kha with Shrimp and a Thai iced tea.Wow what a quaint little restaurant.   I went on father's day for late lunch (2:30) with hubby and our 4 month old.  We were the the only ones there.
The restaurant was very clean,  decorated tastefully and cozy.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  We asked our waiter for recommendations on things to try and he was super helpful. 
We had the Thai sampler, Lao sausage, the crispy catfish and ended with the Thai cheesecake.   The food was absolutely delicious and well seasoned.  Everything was authentic.  Looking forward to going back soon.  
Also, pretty easy to find parking around areaSuper fancy looking thai laoatian restaurant with good food.
Went with a party of 4 and we shared everything. The place is really nice looking and the service was good too.
For starters, we ordered the Chicken Satay and the Laos Sampler (Laos sausage, beef jerky, spring roll, dice ginger, onion, lemongrass served with Laos papaya salad). The satay as good with a delicious peanut sauce. Everything on the sampler was good, i liked the laos sausage the best. The awkward thing I did not like was that it came on a sectioned plate and one of the sections was salad without dressing. It was strange and a waste of food cause that wasn't a menu item and didn't have flavor, was it just decoration?
For the main we shared the Kao Pad Poe fried rice with chicken. It was good with a bit of a sour flavor that I haven't had in fried rice before. The Ratchada Duck was the star of all teh dishes. It was a nicely roasted duck with crispy skin and it was delicious with mango and tamarind sauce. Get it. We also had some veggie dish which was chinese broccoli with some dried or fried bacon. This was nothing special. Not worth getting.Tom Kai Guy was a little thin but delicious.  Laotian sausages were grilled pork with lemon grass- excellent,  I had stuffed tomatoes, perfect, light and with coconut milk rice. Tasted fresh and not heavy like much asian food.  Tried other dishes like Corn Cakes (yum!) and Stuffed Eggplant (not spicy although 1 chili rated) which is what I will have on my next visit.  This place is highly recommended by many.A Laos/Thai restaurant in the South Philly area where many Vietnamese restaurants thrive? Say whaaaa??? 
I frequent this place a lot and I have also ordered take out. My favorites are: Laos papaya salad, laab duck, and the Laos beef appetizer. I am Cambodian and papaya salad is a favorite for us. I really like how they add green beans in the salad. Gives it a nice crunch. 
BYOB...need I say more?
The place is decorated with lots of beautiful Thai art and sculptures and there are candles on every table. Would be a great date spot. I really wish they would play thai or laos music instead of songs I can hear when I turn on the radio. I just think it would add to the experience and atmosphere of the restaurant.I wanted to try some place else other than Circles since our last visit there was sub par than before.  Sadly, our meal was just ok.  There was nothing to really rave about.  My lemongrass soup was not really hot (temperature wise).  The shrimp wrapped in egg noodles was a miss.  The shrimp was overcooked and the dipping sauce tasted like the chili sauce in a bottle.  The green curry with shrimp was satisfying though.  The thai basil with chicken did have a tasty sauce that accompanied the dish.  I think i'll stick to Circles next time.My review was mainly for the pad see ew.  It was awful the whole thing tasted like cucumber and cucumber is not an item in the dish. I have never written a yelp review before but I hated it so much that I had to write one. I've had it's twice now and haven't liked it either time.  The tom yum soups with shrimp is OK.Food is great. Excellent service and staff. Setting is calm and relaxing. Great way to experience Thai and Laos cuisine!The restaurant is quaint and dark and perfect for a date although the place was empty besides one other table and they placed us right next to them so we asked to be moved. The dumplings were delicious but my Pad Thai was a bit soggy. I like for the noodle to be soft but not like it would be inside a soup. I wanted to try something new but I think I'll stick to Circles for now.My hubby is the pickiest eater in the world but he absolutely loves this place, we order from here at least once a week - since the Pineapple fried rice, as well as the salmon dumpling are AMAZEBALLS!Excellent service and accommodating a party of 25 adults and kids! The food was really good, the fried calamari, steamed dumplings and green curry are a must! 
We will def return and it's a byo, makes it even better! 
Great for large parties on the weekend! Whatever the occasion or celebration!Menu is a combination of Thai and Laoatian. Service was very slow and somewhat absurd.  We waited about 1 hour for our food to come out. By the time it did, moat people had forgotten what they ordered.  Starving, we dug in and finished about half a plate when the waiter returned and said/motioned that they mixed up our order. We could understand about 5% of what he was saying.  Then he took our half-eaten dish away and disappeared in the back.  Why would he take it? Were they going to re- serve it to other guests?  Anyway, we waited another 15 minutes for our replacement dish, which was honestly not as good as whatever it was they sent out first.  It's a BYO, so bring lots of booze because you'll have lots of waiting to do.  Also bring your own corkscrew... Or just don't go.Came back since I been craving for their Thai food hmmm every time I came back this place remind me more and more of my grandmom back home. They make the food just the way my nany did. My order this time was green curry which i love!!! and i have tried many place but it wont beat this one. Their food have just the right taste and spice into it. No mysterious blank spot where you have to wonder ' what is this suppose to taste like? Or why it doesn't seem to taste like the food I ate in Thailand? ' NOPE! It was NONE OF THOSE!!! I'm glad every time I eat there it's just keep getting better and better. The chef are great if you get a chance you can ask if the chef can come out to talk to you because he 'Will'. All of the food and sauce and dessert and drinks he made it himself. He is a very hard working man and along side the owner of the restaurant they both are such great people. Any question you have just ask! Everyone there are so nice and love what they doing. See you again soon Ratchada ;)If you haven't been here yet, you must try it! You are in for a friendly welcome, delicious food, warm atmosphere, and great experience.
My husband and I recently came here with my dad (who is a real meat-and-potatoes kinda guy), and we all loved it! All of our dishes were expertly prepared, with spot-on flavors and generous portions. We had the Lemongrass Fried rice with chicken, Pad Himmaparn, Pad Si-Ew, and Green Curry. Everything was boldly flavored, though sensitively prepared, especially when it came to toning down the spice level on a few dishes - something which the restaurant's previous incarnation (Cafe De Laos) could never get right. For dessert, we sampled the Thai tea cheesecake, which was a rich, creamy, traditional cheesecake, with a Thai twist.
The decor and music are much better than before, and the service is top-notch as well.  I hope that you will enjoy it as much as we did!This has got to be some of the best, most authentic cuisine I've eaten in Philly. I find that a lot of restaurants are skimpy on their portions and lack flavor and love (the most important ingredient). The service here at Ratchada was amazing, friendly, attentive and professional. The food was flavorful, fresh, authentic and clearly crafted by someone who knows and loves what they do in the kitchen. I will be here again soon. And you should go, too!A close contender with Circles, but still not quite there.  I had the pad se eww, asked for shrimp, but was given chicken, not a big deal.  The waitress had a major issue opening our wine bottle which resulted in drinking a lot of pieces of cork.  (It's not harmful by the way).  She was super apologetic so I felt bad, and she gave us a free cheesecake dessert which was delicious.  
My dish was good, not as spicy as I wanted but with some additional chili oil it improved.  My friend got the pad thai, he thought it was pretty good.  The sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  We both agreed the leftovers were better the next day.  The coconut soup was good.Pretty beyond disappointing, ordered vegetarian drunken noodle and was 100% anticipating spicy, but not soggy over cooked noodles drenched in some poorly balanced chili oil 'sauce'. On the bright side the vegetables were cooked well but I was literally only give 3 SMALL cubes of tofu. Pretty much the biggest waste of money my laziness of not cooking in has ever earned me.... 
----Edit----
Staff was receptive to my complaint and polite, suggested alternative dishes and submitted a refund with out a hassle.Should have known when it's a Thai & Laos restaurant is not going to be authentic Thai food! This Thai basil is such a Typical American asian story fried. Not the real Thai basil with beef at all! Plus where is the beef? And It's supposed to be minced beef/pork. The only one eatable is the curry, if you had to order from them get the Panang curry. The only ok one. Rice are not typical good Thai jasmine rice or sticky rice either, doesn't even have the option. It's really bad rice. If you are used to authentic Thai food try another place.My cousins and I came in to catch up over some late night desserts. As always, it turned into a feast. LOL
They'll bring out the dessert tray and there were so many options to choose from. I highly recommend the chocolate Bombay. It was moist and fluffy on the inside. 
The fried bananas were waaaay too hot when they brought it out, but was warm and gooey with a nice crunch after you give it a second to cool off. So your patience will be rewarded!
The Thai iced tea cheese cake was exactly what you would imagine it to be and would be worth a try. 
The spring rolls were good, but nothing to write home about. The curry puffs were also in the same boat and were a little dry in the middle. 
To round it all out, the mango sticky rice was good but the mango could be more ripe. Still a solid choice!
The service was super nice and attentive. I would definitely come back!Great Thai food! The best in the area. Our "go to's" are the green curry and shrimp pad thai. Fast service. Huge portions. Consistently delicious.I'm so upset with the service at this restaurant.
I came in on Saturday night in a group of eight people and we were told to wait 10-15 minutes for a tables. We were seated and had given our orders to the waitress within 10 minutes. It took about an hour for all of our food to come out. Now, it didn't come out at once but it was staggered. We thought it took a while so that everyone will get their food at once but that wasn't the case. The food tastes good but it wasn't worth the wait.This place is a disaster. Bad food. Even worse service. Dunno why Philly has no good Thai places, but it's really a wasteland in that cuisine.
I waited for an hour and a half for takeout. They forgot it. Forgot that I was there. Didn't apologize. And I left. We ordered Mexican, but our friends had to scrape together food for their kids after waiting so long. I wouldn't wait that long for the best Thai food in the world- let alone takeout. I've eaten here about 4 times and it's just gotten worse and worse. 
Avoid it.I came here with my bf because we were craving spicy food. We were not disappointed. I got the Om Laos Curry and the waitress was kind enough to offer the spice on the side so that I could play with the spice level myself. My bf got the Green Curry Fried Rice with Level 3 Spice and he loved it. Everything was really tasty and had unique flavors. I had never had Laotian food before and was really happy with it. Definitely will be trying this again.This place has great lunch specials for the price and quantity of food.  Presentation of food items is beautiful.  Everything is always hot and fresh.  Service is always very good and friendly.  They also serve lunch specials on Saturday afternoon, which I think is just awesome!  
The green curry is my favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of the curries they have on the menu.  Thai Basil is also wonderful - and they have my favorite Tom Yum soup out of any of the Thai restaurants in the city.Ratchada was a pleasant surprise!  Before new management took over and changed the name, this location had a rather bad reputation - I'm happy to say that my experience here recently has changed that opinion.
We ordered the Laotian appetizer sample and found the Laotian sausage and beef jerky in particular to be very different from anything we'd had before and very tastey.  The papaya salad that was part of the sampler, however, was pretty lackluster and tasted a little too strongly of ground dried shrimp.  I'm a huge fan of fermented seafood flavors normally, but these tasted somewhat muddy and a bit too salty.
The fried catfish special was balanced really well between salty, sour, and quite spicy.  My only complaint would be that it didn't last long enough as the taste and texture were spot on.  It's quite approachable to just about anyone as well - there are no bones, it is not a whole fish presentation, so if you eat with friends who don't have a palate for Southeast Asian foods, this would be a safe bet.
Overall, I found the service and interior to be well suited as a date location - Ratchada is dim lit and ornately decorated with lots of indirect lightning.  It certainly doesn't have the lackluster ambiance of most of the restaurant within a block.  This shows in the clientele:  My girlfriend and I were the youngest people there.
I would strongly recommend the restaurant to both adventurous eaters and folks who just want a simple dish like phad Thai prepared the right way.I always order the laab salad with chicken and veggie coconut soup or lemongrass soup and am never disappointed! Great atmosphere, but also soup is always still hot if I decide to order in!Food just ok. Not impressive. I had chicken pad Thai and found it dry without much flavor. The price was good. 
My husband enjoyed his pad kee beef, and we both agreed the spring rolls were excellent.Not sure why the reviews are so high. Ordered delivery based on the high rating but it was absolutely disgusting. We ordered the basil chicken and the chicken was boiled instead of sautéed the chicken pad thai same horrible taste but we added sugar. It seems like they just think fat and sweet is what Americans are into. Never again! Yuk!!
It all went in the trash.My family and I have been here a number of times and it was pretty good (originally). However, the last time we were here, the restaurant changed owners and everything was awful. We were here for a birthday- there was 6 adults and 2 kids dining that night. We arrived at 5:30pm, left at around 8:30pm, and didn't get all of the food that we ordered. There was a number of things wrong that night: 
1) After we ordered our food, the appetizers took really long to come out (30+ minutes). Despite the fact that it took forever for appetizers, the servers brought out multiple wrong orders. We ordered one type of soup, they brought out 3 of the same ones. 
2) It took 2+ hours to get entrees out. We ordered a noodle dish, they brought out 2 of them. We ordered a total of about 6 full entrees, we only received 2 by the end of the night.
3) While we were there, other smaller parties were being seated, fed, left and our party still didn't get served our entire order.
4) The servers continued to take take-out orders, and we saw them pushing the takeout orders out. Meanwhile, we weren't getting our orders in a timely manner at all. 
5) The servers told us they were "understaffed" and the kitchen only had "two" chefs. This is clearly the new management's fault, and nothing was done about it. 
6) After the 2.5+ hours our party was there and we didn't get all of the orders, I spoke to them about canceling our order and a discount for our time and poor service there. The server told me we would get 10% off our bill, we got our bill and it only said 5%. I got on the phone with their manager, "Lockett" (I believe that's how you spell her name), and she told me that since they are giving us a free entree, (mind you this was an order they got wrong), they can only give us 5%.
The manager also went ahead and told me to write a review on Yelp. There you go, Lockett. We will not be returning. Despite our good times here, the new management is not doing this place justice. (Btw, all of our food came out lukewarm or cold.)Have been very disappointed with Ratchada's service twice now. Ordered take out tonight and they said the food was being delivered by a partner delivery service called diningin. 1 hour later we got a call from the diningin driver that he only had half of our order and asked if we still wanted half of it. I called Ratchada back to see where our whole order was and they didn't pick up because they were now closed. I am now 2 hours from my order time waiting as the people at Ratchada asked me to patiently do and still no food.My group came from cali for our chruch mission trip. After successful prayer time in independence hall and liberty bell we were hoping for delicious and excellent service thai restaurant. We chose this place because yelp say its a 4-stars resto. Well unfortunately I only can give 2 stars. One star for the ambiance of the restaurant and one more star for the cleanliness of the restroom. Thats all folks. Hope this can be helpful for everyone who wants to come visit this restaurant.This place getting a four star only means that people in Philly have no idea what Thai food should taste like.This is an update to a previous review, but you HAVE to splurge and get the Ratchada Duck. It is honestly, truly, and without any added superfluousness one of the best ethnic dishes I have ever eaten.Ratchada was sincere in their apology and mailed a gift card for the troubles. It was a mix up between them and dining in.Ordered Pad Thai with mild spice and it's too spicy too even eat. Very disappointed to throw it away. I enjoy a spicy Pad Thai but this wasn't mild in any way. Also ordered Pad Kee Mao Noodle with moderate spice and it was less spicy than the mild dish. I will try here again but will have to order zero spice. Delivery was quick.Ordered delivery with an estimated wait time of 45-60 min. It's been over an hour and a half with no food, and no contact from the restaurant regarding our late order. Will not order again.Very good service and friendly wait staff. She's neither a Laotian nor a Thai, but she knows what's good on the menu. I like the overall atmosphere, very traditional and not too noisy. I had laab tuna, which was mediocre, calamansi juice, and turtle pie. They were OK, I guess.I found Ratchada on Grub Hub or Seamless I forget which one after continually searching for both delicious Thai and a reasonable price.  Oddly enough one of the best Thai restaurants EVER was around the corner from my house in Dallas and I have been very surprised never to find a replacement here in Philly but I will go where there are reminders.  Ratchada has fantastic Pad Thai.   Imagine a place that serves Thai cuisine and cannot produce this fan favorite, I have been to all of them here in Philadelphia, but Ratchada's is 5 star.  Their pineapple friend rice is also amazing, and of course their sticky rice with mango.  I do need to try more.Went here today at 4:30pm.  Has kind of a "hidden" vibe - looks relatively formal with ornate table clothes.  This place is clean and orderly.  When I sat down, it was obvious these people paid attention to finer details of things.  This is Thai and Laotian cuisine and they're not messing around.  
Ordered the creamy lemongrass soup with chicken.  A nice bowl of soup - nothing exceptional considering the neighborhood it's in.  But it did appear to be very fresh and nicely seasoned - not sure about how the mushrooms and chicken were incorporated the dish.  They were just kind of there.  If I were to get this again, I would probably go with the shrimp option.  
I ordered the Laos sampler - I think this is a great dish if you wanna check out a few different things going on.  
On the sampler, there were crispy spring rolls.  Mine were not quite "kit-kat" sized, but they were beautifully crisped and there wwere such delicate nuances of flavor in the filling.  Served with a sweet chili sauce - I'm assuming it's house made because it was unlike most that I've tasted.  FAR BETTER than the commercial sweet chili sauce found in stores.
Also, on the sampler, there was beef jerky.  This was very intensely flavored (think chilies and garlic) hunks of flank.  This jerky is very chewy, but I think this is how it is made in Laos.  A french chef would never cook flank like this, but that's why it's cool.  This element of the sampler will appeal to the carnal meat eater.  
The sausage was also a part of the sampler. A finely ground pork sausage with lemongrass and coriander notes.  It is cooked perfectly - charred nicely on the outside and moist on the inside.  Theses sausages were simple, but they displayed obvious precision and skill.  
Also, on the sampler were very small dices of chilies and lime, alongside a fine julienne of fresh ginger.  It was fun being able to incorporate them into bites of the other items on the sampler.  I think pairing the lime with the beef jerky is a complementary.
For me, my favorite part of the sampler was the papaya, carrot and daikon salad.  This was unlike most carrot and daikon salads I've had at Vietnamese places - it had chopped tomato, thinly sliced romaine and seemed to be dressed differently - perhaps with some soy or some other ingredient.  
I also had some coconut rice in addition to the sampler.  Just the right amount of coconut flavor - really good.  
I finished that up with the Thai cheesecake dessert.  This was like the culinary equivalent of an orgasm.  The curd was just perfection - the crust was also light and was the perfect backbone for the cake.  This was served alongside what I believe to be a passion fruit sauce of some kind.  This dessert is definitely on the sweet side of things, for those who don't really like desserts, but this dessert was really quite excellent.
There is also a genuine kind hearted approach toward hospitality here.  This isn't wam-bam-thank you, ma'am type of place you find around this like area.  There is some serious serenity here.I had placed a takeout order for 2 vegetarian dishes and they gave me chicken. Is it really that hard to read or comprehend an order over the phone!I lived in Thailand for a little over a year and I enjoy this place more than most (if not all) Thai restaurants I have eaten at in Philly. The Laab is possibly the best I have had in the US. Other dishes I like are the beef jerky (really), the goong sarong, and chicken satay. The pad thai is also pretty good. I will say this, spiciness level varies greatly each time I order. Sometimes "Thai spicy" is somewhat spicy and the next time it is incredibly so. Don't let that take away from the overall quality of this place. It is a BYOB, has a nice ambience in the restaurant, and has good service.We decided to deviate from our usual Thai restaurant to try one closer to us. We ordered the curry duck and drunken noodle. The duck was over cooked to the point where one side of the breast was super dry and tough to chew (think a tough super dry jerky). The drunken noodles were pure mush. Completely disintegrated while serving - very disappointedpoor service, bad food- absolutely no way close to Thai! not recommended at all. hope i forget this one soon.The stuffed peppers was an excellent choice. Very good portions for the price for the most part. I would absolutely come back. It's a great spot for a dinner date for two. 
I do wish that they added more mango for their mango sticky rise dessert option, lol. The coconut juice tastes like it came right out of a can. If they can offer a fresh young coconut that would be even better.It was OK. Ordered curry and veggies were not cooked through. Curry was a single note. I will keep looking for the curry to meet my cravings.