I've been to a few coffee houses in Philly and this is by far then best I have tasted. La Colombe has quite a monopoly on the drip house cup for most places in Philadelphia but I prefer small origin African/Asian coffees to Colombian. Ray's has an amazing selection of small origin specialty coffees. 
While you wait you can watch them use a vacuum siphon system to brew each individual cup. This process is an old technique that is becoming la mode in the new hipster joints. Not to mention each coffee is paired with cookies specially made for Rays by a local Italian bakery in NJ. 
Try their food too it's as delicious as the coffee. The service is delightful. You will always be welcomed as you go in or out the door and it's small enough that you'll quickly feel at home.
It's just off the beaten path but deserves much more!!Had I not read favorable reviews, I would never have chanced visiting this small non-descript restaurant.  Thank goodness for yelp's enlightenment!
The hot and sour soup was the best I've ever tasted . . .admirably spicy with some crunchie vegetables.
Having been weaned to spicy tastes by my West African aide (I am a paraplegic), I couldn't resist trying an extra appetizer  . . the cabbage salad.  It was a real sizzler and most enjoyable.
My entre was billed as Hot & Spicy Chicken (or something like that).  It was not as hot as the previous dishes, but very tasty.
The server was very willing and anxious to please, but too quick. I had to give him a parting lecture on the virtue of slowing down, with particular emphasis on NEVER having two courses on the table at the same time. He received the criticism graciously.
All in all, as you can see from my rating, I liked this restaurant very much, and plan to return in the near future.Stopped in for dumplings and coffee, as were recommended by Yelpers.  The dumpling sampler was fantastic, handmade, plump and piping hot, and a great variety.  The coffee was good -- not being a coffee connoisseur, it was a bit pricey for my taste, but perhaps someone more knowledgeable would have appreciated it more. 
Tangent: the cups and saucers were lovely.
Overall it was a good experience.  I liked the small, family-business vibe (it was clear that some of the patrons were regulars), and the atmosphere was quiet and calm... great to drop in just for coffee, a bite of lunch, and intimate enough for a casual date.  Definitely would drop by again!Spectacular coffee made through a "24-hour drip" process.  A must-try for coffee lovers.I've been craving Ray's food since the first time i came here. 6 months later, i'm back and i can officially say that i love this place. Their dumpling sampler is sooo good and the house stir fried wide noodles are a must. The workers here are so friendly and the overall ambience is very relaxed. I like to come here when it's not crowded because the place is fairly small. If you come to chinatown, i highly recommend this place.I was excited to try this cafe based on all the reviews. I had ordered the bubble green milk tea. The tea was very diluted and the bubbles were very gummy and not chewy as it should taste. In comparison to a true bubble milk tea, this was very disappointing. China town needs a true Tiwanese tea cafe.Background: "Ray" is for the Chinese name Lei. The owner is Grace and she opened up Ray's in 1989 with her two sons.
I can't believe I didn't notice this place till a friend recommended we come here for lunch. It's a small and cozy restaurant, definitely felt like "home" for those of us who are Taiwanese :) We were so curious what was in the dishes and how they made them, and Grace didn't hesitate to explain to us. I was really impressed with the authenticity of the food and at times it felt like we were the only customers in the restaurant (even though that wasn't the case) because they were so attentive.
What we got:
* Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup ($11) - Probably never going anywhere else to get this now that I know theirs is legit! Can I talk about how tender the beef was (see picture)? The noodles were soft and thick, apparently fresh and locally made. There was a good mix of box choy + pickled cabbage ("suan cai" or "sour vegetables" made from Chinese mustard...but I was so surprised that this was sweet! Such a nice touch!). The broth was so rich and delicious that we took it to go.
* Dumpling Sampler ($9.75) - There were 4 kinds of dumplings (2 each): pork and cabbage, curry chicken, pork and chives, vegetable. I honestly liked them all and enjoyed the diversity of fillings as well as dough (texture and flavor). All very unique and the presentation looked great. 
* Yang Chow Fried Rice ($9) - A really light and fluffy fried rice! Love that it wasn't dry like other places I've been to and there was a good mix of chicken, pork, and shrimp with veggies. My Chinese friend said "This is the best Yang Chow Fried Rice I've ever had" haha--we have a winner, folks!
Grace gave us a complimentary order of spring rolls to top it all off. I'm obsessed, can't wait to introduce all my Taiwanese friends and visitors to this place! :)Work right across street, so have been coming here off and on for years. Definitely pricey but also very tasty fresh food. Coffee is delish and smoothies are to die for...This place is like coming to watch a magic show but instead you're having coffee. Disclosure, I don't even drink coffee but I had to make this place a stop! Took my wife(the coffee expert) and told her we were going on a coffee date but definitely  was more for me. Watching the coffee brew was fun! I took soo many photos of the process and the kind lady was fantastic to have conversation with. Coffee is served on cute little plates and come with a perfectly sweet biscuit. P.S. while I sat there and watched my wife drink coffee, I got the bubble tea.Saw a short video about this on PBS in my room at the Hyatt Bellevue. Worth the easy trek to Chinatown to have this siphon style coffee.
Really good!Ray's is incredible. 
I just ordered a 9 dollar cup of coffee(the jamaican blue mountain) and it was worth every penny. Ok maybe thats not true, that could be the caffeine telling me so, but it was a damn fine cup of coffee nonetheless, maybe the best I've ever had. As a coffee fan, if you're gonna tell me that there is some rare coffee bean that is only grown on some small part of a mountain range in Jamaica and is extremely difficult to export to the states, you better believe I'll pay nine bucks. 
They apply the siphon filter method of brewing here, which beats hand pour and drip or any other method of brewing in my opinion. The menu of coffee here was extensive, you're not just dealing with regular or decaf. They also have boba drinks, and I may have to come back here for the ice coffee with boba. Please, and thank you. 
Definitely a must stop for the coffee fanatic in Philadelphia.I never thought I'd give 5 stars for American Chinese, much less want to enter any establishment sponsoring this cuisine. 
However my fellow Yelpers and their glowing reviews, especially about the coffee, plus a need to pay my 23848374534th visit to the nearby PennDOT (see review - it's a scorcher) made it all come together. 
And so it was, today, that I took my thick-thighed strides up 9th Street, natty in my starch-fresh Lacoste, until I reached the door.
Some environments just feel right from the moment you enter them, even if no one's inside, and Ray's is exactly that kind of place. I arrived at a weird off hour of 3 or 3:30pm for Saturday lunch and was greeted outside by a window display of innocent paper tulips. Inside, in the soft pink light, rested a handful of tables, two-tops and four; quiet, clean and expectant, menus upon them, all with good cheer.
I hadn't had coffee all day, so first order of business was to ask for a glass of iced. The older woman who took my order looked upon me, placid and easy. For a moment I remembered how it felt to be in grandma's care. Call me sappy, but it's true.
In short order she returned with my iced coffee, presented beautifully on a saucer with a teeny thimble of cream, and slightly larger beaker of liquid sugar, and then, a happy cookie tipped in red sprinkles. (See cameraphone photos.)
It was delicious and extraordinary.
My food was just as delightful. Shrimp spring roll for app, and Tso's for entree. Each piece of broccoli was perfectly green, fresh and bright. Each moment of chicken dazzled me with a glistening hot crackle, balanced nice by brown rice. (You can get white, too.) 
Every cell in my being joined up to form an electric smile.
They've been around for over 20 years. Now I know why.So i'm new to the area since my new position in my career. I looked up frantically where to get a good espresso. I was told that Ray's is the place to go. my second day in the area and I go to Ray's to try their espresso and sadly i'm not a fan. I've had a lot better and since I've found another place that's named after somewhat after a country..hint it's "Columbia"
My co-worker seems to love Ray's coffee, I remember when I went to Ray's I saw an extensive coffee list and saw a coffee for $10 and the cheapest $5, well the house blend is $3. I said what the...  really ? Anyway, on my way into work I found a spot near Ray's and thought I'd like to try this coffee I keep reaping reading about. I walk in and take a look, I want try a $5 coffee, figure whats the big deal. I ask for the Colombian. The nice owner reaches up to the marked container and put fresh beans in the grinder. Next the water in the syphon what looks to be scientific, I guess after all if you want great coffee it's all about science.
I watched in amazement how this works. I was asked cream and sugar, sure I said but not to sweet, I want to taste the coffee. to my first sip, I was shocked at how great coffee can be. the flavors popped and my taste buds were alive. Dunkin who ? wawa what ? starbucks, really ?  This place has gotten me wanting to try all the beans offered. It's that pronounced of flavor and taste. 
Ray's may not be good for espresso (to my liking) but the coffee, WOW ! i'll be back. I also hear that the food is good as well. i'll have to try that soon too.  Enjoy your coffee  and don't be scared to pay the money, it'll be well worth it, I'm glad I did and now I know what good coffee is.Ray's Café is a (not-so) hidden treasure of Philly's Chinatown. It's located away from the more popular haunts on 10th street, but it's a great little establishment where you can grab a quick meal (they specialize in Taiwanese cuisine) or ruminate life over specialty teas or coffee.
My friend and I visited Ray's Café on a rainy Saturday afternoon. They had just opened for the day, so the shop was pretty empty but we were greeted by the friendly staff and were quickly seated. Ray's doesn't have much in terms of decor, but what you're really there for is the food and drinks! On with it.
We started off with an order of Pork & Napa dumplings as well as our drinks. Now, reading some other Yelp reviews, I knew I had to try the "Syphon"-brewed coffee. It's pretty pricey (a cup runs $5-$10 depending on the coffee), but I thought I would splurge a bit since my trip to Philly was a vacation-of-sorts. 
Now, the Syphon-brewed coffee is only available for the specialty coffees that Ray's has featured, which are sourced from around the world. I opted for the Japanese charcoal-roasted coffee. Now, the fun part -- watching it brew from behind the counter in this contraption straight out of a mad scientist's library. It's pretty neat to watch the water bubble and the coffee infuse, and the end product was a smooth, silky cup of coffee. The Japanese roast was mild and not very acidic. It paired great with just a touch of cream and sugar. The coffee is also served with a little cookie!
Now, the food. The aforementioned dumplings came in an order of eight, and they were juicy, hot, and delicious. I enjoyed the texture of the dumpling skin, which was a bit thicker than I'm used to, and the flavors of the filling. For my entrée, I opted for the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, which was perfect for the brisk, gloomy day. There were plentiful noodles, beef, and veggies all submersed in a rich, flavorful broth. It was a very cost-friendly meal that left me plenty stuffed.
Overall, Ray's colored me impressed and I definitely want to come back next time I'm in Philly. They have plenty more coffee options and Taiwanese food options left to try!
Some Final Tips:
- It's a small shop, so larger groups probably aren't the best, but tables can comfortably accommodate four people. 
- Brunch items are served on Saturdays!
- Closed on Sundays!I'm in Ray's at least once a day. They have incredible coffee, matcha lattes and iced teas. Grace remembers your name and order, too. There are a million different coffees to choose from and it's a comfortable place to sit and them all. Can't recommend this place enough.I can't speak for the food at Ray's Café, but I can at least say that the siphon coffee here is the best in Philadelphia -- and this is coming from someone who has been to a number of coffee shops in almost every neighborhood in the city. Ray's Café has a homey, Mom-and-Pop feel and there is no coffee-house elitism to be found here.
As can probably be seen in some of the photos on this page, the glass instrument that owner uses to make the siphon coffee looks like something out of a Medieval apothecary's cabinet, but don't be alarmed, it brews the best coffee in the city, hands down -- the sort of coffee that you dream about when you're having a coffee craving. It's very rich and, well, just go to Ray's Café and try a cup. You won't be disappointed.
Cheers.If you're going to serve a 5 dollar cup of coffee, it better be pretty darn good and come with some pomp and circumstance!  Well, I'm happy to say Ray's delivers.  From the siphon, to the plate set it comes out on, to the cookie - it's perfect.  The woman working will probably suggest getting the beans from Yemen.  Take her advice, its the best.  (They do have cheaper, quicker cups as well and their ice coffee is legit).  
The homemade green tea and red bean ice cream are amazing...you know its homemade when it comes out of a Tupperware container.  
The service is great.  The employees are super nice and helpful.  Great relaxing atmosphere.  It doesn't get much better.Delicious coffee and tea. The siphon coffee is expensive but absolutely worth the extra money.This is still the best cup of coffee I've had anywhere, even after living in NY for two years. The coffee jelly is also really good! And the ambience cannot be beat. Grace is the best.A lot of people dig this place. Maybe I'm missing something. I thought the latte was strictly mediocre. Since sugar was offered for it perhaps that was a clue that it wasn't that good? Eh. I don't know. Just not quite sold.I was in China town so I looked to yelp to guide me, reviews were very good for Ray's Cafe, and they weren't wrong.  It's a very small place, good menu, lots of choices, I got the dumpling sampler with wonton soup and shrimp spring roll, everything was fantastic!  The soup was rich and delicious, the spring rolls were crunchy, fresh and flavorful, the dumplings were so good, I didn't want to use the dipping sauce.... well done Ray's, I'll be back!So glad I finally got the chance to come here after a couple times of unsuccessfully trying to come and finding out that they are closed.
My friend and I went for dinner, and we got a beef noodle soup and the vegetarian buckwheat noodle soup, both of which were super delicious! (reasonably priced, $6.95 each) I had the buckwheat noodle soup and it came with some really tasty baby bok choy, bamboo, and slices of some meat substitute that was quite good.  The broth was flavored with ginger which made it really fragrant and yummy.  
I really like how all the bowls they use are unique with different patterns and colors, and care in the presentation of the food is taken.
The inside is really cozy and quaint and the service is friendly and attentive without being annoying.  I am definitely planning on coming back to try some of the coffees and other drinks, that looked like they were made with love.  Also the dumpling sampler, which I saw a bunch of people having, looked really awesome.
Hopefully they will be open!I heard on Reddit that Ray's makes the best coffee in Philly. I decided to bust this myth yesterday. I went with a small iced coffee. It was priced at $3, not awful. Surprisingly this cup of joe was one of the best I've had in Philly. Not as amazing as Cafe Ole's coffee, but a close second. I noticed they have one of the rarest coffees the Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee. I'm definitely trying that next time in the neighborhood.We checked this place out because it was known to serve taiwanese food.  There wasn't much of a selection, a few good beef/seafood noodle soup dishes and that's about it. They have these elegant siphon cofee makers that drip slowly to make the smoothest, richest cofee you'll ever have. Mmmmmm. Definitely check this place out if you love coffee.We ordered Taiwanese beef noodle soup, pork dumplings, and green tea milkshake. We loved everything, especially the side dish "chopped fermented sour vegetable" that comes with beef noodle soup. I really want to try their famous coffee next time because it smelled so good when the owner was making it for some other guests.Love this place. Their iced coffee is always the best tasting and doesn't have a weird acidity taste that big chain cafes serve. Their muffins are also very delicious. Worth splurging to meet the credit card minimum every time. Sure the coffee might seem higher than something like Dunkin donuts, but it settles in my body much better and taste more personally made than Starbucks.I have yet to eat here, but I love Ray's coffee and have it multiple times a week.  I often add flavors to their iced coffee and it is delish! Their hot coffee is also great as well.  Grace (the woman behind the counter) is so friendly and makes a point to learn her customer's names. We love it here !Very tasty place, but the hours make it difficult to find a time to go. 
Great options for coffee and tea, and excellent lunch specials. Small environment and seems to be run by a family.I don't know why it took me so long to get here.
I've stopped in for a green tea smoothie bubble tea after a failed run (oops), and once other to try the dumpling sampler.
The green tea smoothie is better than any other I've had in this Chinatown. The sweetness varied the two times I had gotten it, but still, it was really good. My only (and pretty significant) complaint is that the bubbles are WAY overcooked.
The dumpling sampler was really good. Even the gyoza skin was so chewy and perfect. I could drink the two sauces that come with it, even the chili one. The lady was kind enough the explain each kind that was on the plate. There was a veggie dumpling, and normally I hate those, but this one was actually pretty good. 
I will be back to try the coffee!Obviously people love this place... People coming in and out for coffee and teas.  I came with an Amiga for lunch (lunch specials b/w $11-$14 dollars w/app and drink).  It was good but I thought. Bit pricey for what you get.  Maybe j should stick to the awesome drinks I've heard about.  If the meal special were $7.99 or $8.99 it'd be better...This is down right the best coffee.........unequaled......they have been around before the coffee boom......and Grace was ahead of it......you can drive by and miss it....... the best coffee anywhere.....The best independently owned stand alone coffee shop in Philadelphia. They are masters of their craft and lack all of the pretentiousness that sometimes comes with independent coffee shops in the city. The unassuming outside and the disarray of the interior (there are boxes and supplies on chairs and tables) shows that 100% of their work goes into their food and coffee; they don't strive to be flashy or hip.
The food and coffee speaks for itself, and it is delicious. If you have never visited this place, definitely add it to the top of your philly restaurant list.2.5 stars.  This review is based on a single experience, so it may have been an off-day.  I hope, anyway.  I believe this is a Taiwanese-owned/operated place.  If you came here for the coffee, you may be in the luck.  I'm not coffee connoisseur, but they did seem to have a huge variety of coffees and an extraordinary way of brewing some of them, using what looks like labratory equipment.  
But I didn't come here for the coffee, and the food was just okay.  Boyfriend and I both ordered off the lunch menu so it came with several components.  My order came with vegetarian hot and sour soup, coffee with a madeleine, and the main course.  The hot and sour soup and coffee were great, but the main lunch course was a complete misfire.  It was supposed to be walnuts with mushrooms/soy patties next to brown rice, and on the menu it indicated that it was a 'spicy' dish.  Instead, the dish was sickeningly sweet.  Even the walnuts were candied walnuts.  Almost inedible for a lunch course, and too odd to be a dessert course... the sauce it was in was like eating syrup.  
I want to give this place a second chance.  The presentation is way better than your average Chinese joint, and the atmosphere (not the view from the window, though) feels just like a Taiwanese cafe.  
I'll re-review when I get the chance to revisit.tiny coffee place owned by taiwanese lady.  
they have various kinds of coffees ranging from $9 a cup to $4.  she uses the syphon coffee maker, which was cool to watch. 
coffee comes in a cute ceramic cup with a side of tiny cream, cookie, and spoon.  the cup of cream was like the size of quarter. cute!
not the best place to sit down and enjoy coffee since its pretty cramped up but the orientation of the coffee is nice.Rays has great coffee made in a very unique way. I'm not sure how to describe it. A siphon? The dumplings are excellent! It's been around for a while and it looks it. Still a real wonderful find. Very good service. But just order appetizers.We've been to Ray's a handful of times.  We recently went after having not been for a couple of years (we're often in the area on Sunday, when they are closed).  On our most recent visit we had a lychee smoothie and a fresh squeezed lemonade to drink and both were oh-so-good.  My husband had the chicken fried rice and I had the buckwheat noodle soup. We also had sides of cucumber salad and cabbage/carrot salad.  Everything was great.  As we were eating we discussed how the food has a home cooked taste, as opposed to a restaurant taste.  This may not be for everyone but we certainly enjoy it.  The woman who runs the shop is just as sweet as she can be, which only makes me want to try to frequent this little cafe more often.Only been here once for lunch, and really looking forward to to making it a regular. Pan fried wide noodles "covered with vegetable" lunch I had was fresh and delicious - although there were no green vegetables. Just carrots, onions, cabbage, that sort. My friend got the Triple Green  - have to be honest, didn't look spectacular to me. But will update on the food when I have gathered more data. I'm getting sick of Penang. 
In terms of coffee, had the house to go. Very sweet with cream. But delicious with a cookie and will just ask for less sugar next round. The siphon coffee machines are beautiful to look at and one day will try a splurge!I always stop by Ray's Cafe if I'm in Chinatown.  Their siphon coffee is the best way to start a day.  You've heard about their dumpling sampler.  Delicious.  You also have to try their Young Chow Fried Rice and Grace's Special Beef Noodle Soup.  The latter is my favorite hangover cure.  The service is always great.  If you're like me and support family owned and operated little places, I highly recommend Ray's Cafe & Teahouse.Very cute and pleasant spot, with good dumplings, though the beef noodle soup was bland.Unfortunately Ray's Cafe has lost one of its two essential assets, the chef (the other being Grace, who is a font of hospitality and excellent coffee, and is thankfully still present). This has resulted in the food generally declining, sometimes significantly so. Wonton soup tasted as though the filling had gone bad; the steamed bass which was so good has left the menu, and other items, while generous, have undergone small but noticeable changes for the worse. The coffee and tea are still wonderful, but now it's harder to go for dinner.A friend recommended this place for the great coffee.  It does have great coffee, but the food is equally wonderful.  Be ready for smaller portions.  Not tiny but smaller.  The great service and delicious food makes up for the small servings.
You should check it out.... they serve your coffee in adorable tea cups.The only place in Philadelphia to get authentic Hawaiian Kona or Jamacian Blue.   Don't be afraid to try something new, the Japanese charcoal blend is actually better than the kona!
Coffee  here is done right, perfectly brewed with a vacuum type system.Great coffee with very friendly service. Love to come here on a weekday midday and just sit and sip a cup of awesome cappuccino.I liked this place. It was on a quiet street in chinatown, not noisy at all, and very comfortable. Don't forget the adorable plates and bowls. Okay. 
Food varies. The drinks are really nice, the mango smoothie's amazing. Coffee isn't bad either, they have a nice selection of authentic coffee for coffee lovers. Pricy, 9$ for a cup, but it's the nice kind. Okay.
 I don't really care for the dumplings. Definitely not the house soup noodle. It's seriously boiling vegetables in water, then adding a random assortment of mushrooms, other veggies, egg, and meat. I feel like they take everything they left over from other dishes and boiled it with soft noodles. My favorite is the cold sesame noodle and tomato rice with chicken. Okay. 
Service, however, is not okay. Understatement. It's terrifyingly horrible. 
I've been here 5 times and have always left generous tip because although the lady doesn't communicate with us much or is overly attentive, she seemed nice. I liked the atmosphere. So i did the job of a customer to express my appreciation. Every. Time.
Today I went and ordered my food politely. But the boss decides to say these words to my face, before she even left with the order. 
"This is dine in, so you know you have to leave 15-18% tip. This is your choice, if you don't want to leave tip you can order take out. Do you want to order take out? Because you've been here many times and you never leave tip. Last time you left a dime." and she left. 
How in the world does she think she has the right to scold me? Incredible. I am so sure that I've always left more than the 18% tip she so grudgingly specified. The food isn't even that good, but I keep on returning because I thought it was a friendly place with a nice atmosphere. And I believe that tip is simply a way to express gratitude to good service, which is completely up to me, not her. Are those few dollars really worth losing a potential regular? She scolded me like a mother would to her misbehaving child, I can't describe how rude and offensive it was. And she had the audacity to do it. She had the audacity to tell me to leave tip after scolding me. 
Congratulations. You just lost a regular.This is not your typical Chinatown restaurant.  If you are looking for MSG, greasy standards, you are at the wrong place.  
Ray's is a cozy cafe that I visit at least once a week.  They serve a variety of dishes in REASONABLE portions.  The lady that works there is so nice, and ensures that when I go with my boyfriend he gets the masculine blue dishes, while I get the flowery feminine dishes.  It's the details like that that make Ray's my favorite place to go.This place lives up to the hype. I like to think of myself as a wanna-be coffee aficionado. I tend to drink lattes that probably have too much milk and sugar in it. I came here to see what the buzz was all about. I got the dumpling assortment, which was tasty and unique! They had four types of dumplings - including multiple pork options, and one that was even deep fried and had curry chicken in it. The coffee is the all-star here though. I got the Costa Rica siphon coffee. Let's be real here. The drink isn't cheap. Clocking in at $6 a cup, you can probably get 3 times as much coffee at other stores - but you come here for the quality. Even though I love milk with a hint of coffee extract, this coffee was delicious. It was smooth, you can taste all of those flavors that the pros talk about (think oaky, earthy tones, you get the idea). Come here for an experience! I'm not quite at the point where I can afford it on the reg.If you stop by Philadelphia's Chinatown then you must drop by Ray's Cafe & Teahouse. Sporting an elegant, cozy seating environment (something like Starbucks minus the couches) - they offer the best coffee I have ever had to date. (Much much better than those franchise coffee places) 
Their coffee is bred to perfection as you literally taste every drop that goes through your mouth. When you are done, you feel so energized and satisfied that you will probably order another one. 
I had the Hawaiian (their top of their line coffee aka the "King" of coffee) served very elegantly in small tray which also comes with a delicious cookie. Wow, halfway through it my mind just lit up and I could not stop smiling. 
I also ordered a regular ice coffee which was very delicious, and ice coffee with vanilla ice cream which was just as great. But it is their hot coffee which shines the most. 
One drawback is you will pay a price - it is very expensive. The Hawaiian cost 7 dollars for a mere cup. (literally, a cup) But, if you make this an occasional trip - it won't hurt you but only give you instant satisfaction.  Their ice coffee runs about 5 dollars and you won't get much either but to me it was worth the experience for a traveler. 
One more thing I highly recommend as your are sipping their delicious coffee. Actually, two. First, I highly recommend you to try their Dumpling Sampler - which 5 different sets of delicious dumplings. I mean - these aren't your regular asian dumplings - they are made to literal perfection and when combined with their two different sauces - only pushes it beyond perfection.The Dumpling Sampler includes 2 Veggies(very very good), 2 fried curry chicken (very good and crispy), 2  chicken ( the most average ) , 2 pork with leek (very good), and one more which I forgot. They are also beautifully served in a traditional chinese dish, and a marvel because all come in different colors! 
Again, you pay the price because it cost $7.50 for 10 dumplings. Second, try their smoothies! I had a mango smoothie and I was stunned that they also produce smoothies as good as their coffee!
Remember to visit when in Philly! I'll add pictures of their food and storefront soon.
P.S - They take credit cards on orders 15 dollars and over combined. Also, I saw many people did not leave tips because they feel they are at a Starbucks environment; but please leave tips because you are being served. This is not Starbucks.I'm always looking for good coffee houses. Can't believe I never knew about this legendary spot. Nice people that are all about one thing: making you great coffee! It really is some of the best coffee I've had.Maybe I came on an off day but the iced green bubble tea was awful, watery mess. Iced coffee was ok but not sure what the hype is about. Would not return for the beverages.The world doesn't need more pizza joints or fast Chinese food restaurants. What we need are more Tea Houses like Ray's. Ray's Tea House serves a veritable cornucopia of fine coffees and teas, as well as great food; one can find anything from lo mein to leek dumplings on their menu. Ray's provides a relaxing and quiet atmosphere to convalesce from the rigors of city life, and serves as a pleasant oasis in the heart of Chinatown. With the beautiful syphon-coffee alembics and retorts displayed, I felt as if I were in an alchemist's lab. The food and drink are both contained in very nice dishes and cups. The service was quite good, despite being in Chinatown. Grace and her son are the kind of folks who will not forget a regulars face. The only criticism I really have is that the music is pretty bad. I suggest classical or jazz, or even Chinese instrumental. Overall, Ray's has been the best coffee house in Philadelphia I've experienced so far. Go there. You won't regret it.A delightful little cafe with.... wait for it: slowly dripped, siphon-style coffee! 
The owner Grace is very sweet and always remembers my co-workers and I. The lunch special is very much worth the price,you can get a spring roll, with an entree (noodles or soup), followed by coffee which is served with a little cup of creamer and a dipped cookie. This meal can save as drabby friday afternoon when you want a week to end and just want to treat yourself to some amazing coffee.I love this place! It's really cozy and the owner Grace is very nice and efficient. The presentation of the drinks is really cute, usually you get a little cookie with the hot drinks. I get a bubble tea and the pork napa dumplings. They always taste fresh and they will fill you up.How thrilling, I thought, that a cute cafe that took credit cards was so conveniently close to work!! 
How charming, I mused, as I listened to cheesy music and gazed upon the homey diner-esque decor! 
How much less charming, I thought, after waiting 35 minutes for my lunch take-out....
How extremely less charming, I grumbled, as I ate Taiwanese Rice Noodles & Pork of a quality on par with a cheap Chinese take-out place. 
How abysmal, I reflected, as I ate dish that purportedly had a variety of vegetables that actually only contained a few shreds of carrot, a smattering of cabbage scraps, a moderate morsel of mushrooms and a few bland bean sprouts. 
How very unlikely, I muttered, would it be that I would ever return for more.This is a hidden gem. You could pass by this place and never know how great it is in there. Trust me you want to be in there. 
I cannot speak for the food for our visit- other than I saw what other people ordered and it looked good. We were just there for the coffee. It is so good. If you are a coffee nerd you need to go. Get the syphon brewed coffee. It's pricey- but worth it. I love the look of the syphon brewers and they are cool to watch. Our coffee was served in adorable cups with a cookie. I had a shot of espresso after my syphon and even the espresso shot came out with it's own cookie. The syphon process makes a lighter, smooth cup of coffee. It's a must have. 
The staff is super nice too!!!
Worth the trip.I first came across this coffee shop just wondering around chinatown and wanted a cup of coffee.  I got the mochachino and it was great.  After reading all the reviews on yelp, i wanted to go back and try their dumplings.  I cant say its the best dumplings ive had but it does serve my dumpling cravings.  I do like the curry chicken dumpling and the different colors of the different dumplings.  I also tried their beef noodle soup and its yummy. Of course i couldnt have gone w/o ordering  another cup of coffee and again i was satisfied =) their coffee is really good!!!! i like it better than regular starbucks for sure.Let me say just right off that I don't drink coffee. I didn't have it growing up, and it wasn't an addiction that I picked up later. That said, if I were going to drink coffee, this is where I would do it because nearly everything else is just a pale approximation to what coffee is supposed to be. 
Snuggled deep into Philadelphia's Chinatown is the only only brewer in the city using the siphon method to make coffee. The siphon method looks like something that we should have been doing in high school chemistry (if our teacher wasn't a tenure and union-protected incompetent who warehoused students). 
The siphon method brews coffee in the hot water while it is boiling, so you get more of the flavor. In coffee machines, the hot water quickly passes through grounds so you only get a fraction of the flavor. It's similar to a French press, only with a French press the water is beginning to cool, so again, not as much flavor. You really need to see it to understand it.
Siphon coffee can be anywhere from $5 to $10. I had a very nice cup of Ethiopian. There is also slow brewed cold coffee (which takes up to 10 hours to make. They start making it the day before so that it's ready for you, and, again, it looks like high school chemistry lab work) as well as tea and hot chocolate. They have food: The asparagus soup was very nice on a cold December day.This cafe gets top marks as a Chinese restaurant  and as a coffeehouse.. The coffee is the best I have ever experienced.Well, I went back to give this place another chance, but it wasn't much better than last time.  In terms of coffee, it's good.  Service, alright.  Cute decor and overall atmosphere.  But the part that really brings down the ratings is that the food really is just not that good.  This time I got the vegetarian rice noodle entree.  The description said it was rice noodles with snow peas, carrots, bean sprouts, scallions, cabbage.  Except when it came, it didn't have one snow pea in sight and only decoration slivers of carrots.  A bland dish, I hardly finished half.  Lord knows I am no fan of greasy Chinese food, so being not-so-greasy didn't figure into me not liking the food.. I do know what I want when I'm out for Taiwanese food.  This place is billed as a Taiwanese-style cafe, but having visited Taiwan just last winter and having grown up eating Taiwanese food (that's half of my family) this place is really lacking in comparison.  
If you go to this place, perhaps skip any entrees and just stick with the beverages.  Though, I did like the vegetarian hot and sour soup here too.My husband has lived in Chinatown for 25+ years and has never tried Ray's cafe, although he rationalizes that it must be good, b/c of how long it's been around!  I've lived in Chinatown for four years and have never tried Ray's Cafe before yesterday.  Although I just had tea - I was impressed and will definitely be back.  I met up with a new friend (who recently moved to the neighborhood) for coffee & tea.  Instead of going for the usual Starbucks, we decided to go for a hometown staple!  
I ordered the ginger tea and she ordered an iced coffee.  My ginger tea was delish and rivaled the home-made tea that my father-in-law makes especially for me.  My friend also raved about her iced coffee.
I would definitely be interested to go back and try some of the meal options (especially the leek dumplings, which I love from the local dim sum spot)!  Maybe I can even bump my 4 stars up to 5.I went to Rays with a small group who wanted to do something different.  We all had drinks (coffee, bubble tea) and a dumpling sampler and sesame noodles. The food was quite good but the real reason to come is the coffee.  Many different kinds are on offer and the descriptions are pretty helpful in choosing.  The coffee machine (instrument?) is very cool and the owners were nice enough to explain the physics to us.  The owner and waiter were incredibly nice and made the experience even better.  The coffee is expensive (5-10$) but it was exceptionally good.  The floral notes came through beautifully and it was delicious.  It's a little pricey for every day coffee but it's a terrific destination coffee shop.  Loved the coffee and the people.  The food was good too but not the main reason to go I think although we sampled only two things.I've been a fan of Ray's for years, though I never seem to go as often as I think I do: I've been in there maybe a handful of times in the last ten years or so, exclusively for their siphon-brewed coffee.
It's expensive, and holy crap, it's GOOD.
I think at some point, way back when, I tried a lunch dish or snack; maybe it's just a figment of my imagination. If I did, I must not have been wow-ed, but I'd been reading through Yelp reviews and saw that Ray's food was rated highly. When my gf and I showed up on Saturday, half-starved from a busy day of running around in the heat, we knew we wanted caffeine and food.
Oh man, am I glad we stumbled into Ray's.
We started with cucumber salad and mixed dumplings. For my main, I got beef with bok choy and she got faux-meat with walnuts (the faux meat balls were made with mushroom).
The cucumbers arrived first: YUM. They were lightly pickled in rice vinegar and mirin, and disappeared so fast. Then came the dumplings, perfectly seared (NOT GREASY!), with home-made dough in a variety of flavors, and yummy sauces. So damn good.
At this point we were totally stoked for the mains, and weren't disappointed. The "delightful walnut" or whatever it was called was so very tasty; my beef was seared and then tossed in a sauce, and the bok choy was perfectly cooked. The portions were just right.
For dessert, I had the "best" green tea, which turned out to be a premium lightly-fermented oolong. Very nice, with a caramel and straw topnote, and a gently fruity finish. So delicious. She got the iced green tea with passionfruit bubbles: YUM. We shared the home-made red bean ice cream. YUM YUM YUM.
Everything came out to around $40, only because we got pricey drinks. And everything tasted like Mom made it, if my mom knew how to make amazingly good Taiwanese food. This is definitely going to become a regular stop for us.Excellent service and great prices on soups and little plates. The place is small but its great and is very good at keeping things consistent in terms if greeting everyone and such. A personal favorite for in between lunchGood lunch menu. Love the coffee setup. Very good service.Coffee was perfect! Try the Jamaican Blue Mountain. Staff was friendly. Will definitely be returning.Got the green milk tea smoothie made by the guy who works here. Wow super jasminey but super good actually. It's different and refreshing. I just happened to park across from here. Lucky me. Haha wish I had time to try the coffee everyone raves about but oh well happy with the teaI was in Philadelphia for a conference a week or so back, and I picked this place as a non-tourist eatery for a lunch meeting based on the Yelp reviews, and I'm very glad I did. Go go gadget Yelp!
The menu goes on for miles and miles, with many different Chinese cuisine options.  We were there for lunch, so I had the dumpling sampler lunch special.  Lunch began with an adorable plate holding a tea cup and a little cookie, (much like the little dipped-and-sprinkled cookies you get in Italian bakeries), which I saved for last.  This was followed by a cutie little cup of fabulous vegetarian Hot and Sour Soup (I was surprised there was so much egg in the soup, perhaps it's a south-of-NY thing?).
The dumplings are not small, and it's a really nice variety of chicken, pork, and veggie dumplings.  The chicken curry dumplings were deep fried, the rest were the standard doughy pan-fried style, and all of them were yummy delish *and* filling.  A lovely dish carrying two sweet and decorative cups of dipping sauces -- one hot saucy and the other more the dark soy sauce style -- which were really a nice accompaniment to the dumplings.
The service was quite good, and very sweet.  An older woman took the order, while a very tall younger woman stood beside her; for the rest of the meal, the younger woman did most of the dish carrying.  We wanted for nothing our entire meal, and they seemed nicely sensitive to our conversation when it came to food delivery.
For lunchtime place, I'd highly recommend it.  The next time I'm in Philly, I'll definitely go back. :)Excellent siphon coffee The lady at the siphons pays attention to what she's doing and it shows. If you like good coffee, try this place.The owner, Grace and her family are so delightful. they remember your name and what you ordered so they start working on the strongest and best tasting coffee before you even ask for it. they have so many people come here, I do not understand how they can be able to know everyone's faces, greet them by name and recall their preferences. They always have a smile on their face. I moved out log Phily and I am gonna have a hard time finding a replacement.A great little coffee shop! The owner Grace is very friendly and welcoming. If you have any questions or are interested in the brewing process she's very helpful. 
They have siphon coffee and iced coffee that goes through a 12 hour process. They also provide food. A great little place for a small bite and some coffee. The drinks are more expensive but definitely worth it! And I love their presentations. The drinks come out on a little tray with a doily. Depending on the drink they could come with a tiny cream pitcher, syrup, or a butter cookie. The Japanese Charcoal Roasted Coffee is a great choice. If you're not a fan of coffee they also have great bubble tea smoothies. 
They have some great Taiwanese dishes. Their cold sesame noodles have a thicker peanut sauce. 
The only downside is their hours which can be unpredictable. I also wouldn't recommend this place for large groups.I would have to say this is my FAVORITE cafe in all of Philly b/c...
Its absolutely adorable. It's small and there's always like two people working there. It provides a great selection of local and worldly coffee. The way they present is the coffee is so cute! It's served on a little platter, doily underneath the cute cup, with a petite ramekin for the creme (looks it belongs in a doll house) and a little madeleine cookie on the side. I love to come here and relax.
I come for the coffee, not the food, but when I'm hungry, the food does not disappoint. I mean, its not great, but its satisfying. I love the dumplings here.I was so disappointed and shocked by their over priced menu.  Foods are just mediocre. I don't think i will go back there for over priced cafe foods except drinks perhaps. Why i have to pay dinner price for cafe foods?  There is an authentic Taiwanese casual restaurant in Flushing NY that serves very good authentic Taiwanese comfort foods at very affordable prices. The restaurant is always crowded n popular. Compared to the restaurant in Flushing NY, i don't want to give this cafe restaurant even two stars.I've gone to Ray's for quite a while now and I enjoy it. Grace is a very sweet lady and has my order memorized and ready after I walk in. The prices are a bit higher than other coffee shops but I gladly pay it because of the level of service I receive. They have a large variety of coffees and teas and even have siphon set-ups for coffee that make excellent cups of coffee. They have a full menu with Chinese food as well during lunch and dinner. They have a $5 minimum on credit cards but they actually allow me to keep a tab going since I don't always meet that with my regular cup of coffee. They sell full bags of coffee including their own house blend in addition to several other varieties and you can have it ground or whole bean. There is usually several people in there every time I stop by. Overall, the coffee is good and the service is great.Found this place via Yelp and was not disappointed. 
I only wanted a snack so only had the dumpling sampler, it was a great choice. The flavors great! The pork and veg dumplings were my favorite. 
Next time I gotta try out the full menu.
Great small place for 2-3 friends!Update*** I felt like I should add the extra star to make 5 star because the coffee is consistently delicious and the owner and her son are always friendly and helpful. Come here at least once a week usually more. Delicious veggie rice noddlesRude service and terrible attitude. I was trying to conduct a short business meeting and was told to leave by the woman behind the counter.It might be easy to walk right by this little cafe, but if you're looking for great food and even better coffee, you should certainly stop into Ray's.  
My son and I went for lunch during the week, and everything was terrific. The food was fresh and delicious. I had the shrimp with asparagus and won ton soup and he had the walnut and mushroom (vegetarian) lunch special. Both meals were very tasty and the portion size was just right for lunch. I consider myself a coffee connoisseur and I must say,the coffee was superb! Although the lovely cup, saucer, and charming little pitchers make a great presentation, the cup size was a little too small for my liking- not to worry though, as the staff is more than happy to provide refills. 
I would certainly recommend Ray's Cafe and go back there the next time I am in center city.Yemen Mocha. Dumpling sampler. I don't know what drugs they put into those two delightful items, but I end up craving them multiple times a week. 
Everything about this place is lovely. From the woman owner, who is sweet as pie. To the sugar cookie that comes on the side of your tea or coffee. To the adorable doily the cookie sits on. To the unique plates and mugs your order is served with. 
Just.... adorable.I love this little gem in Chinatown. The owner, Grace, is a really sweet lady and remembers you if you're a returning customer. They always present with their teas and coffees in cute Japanese/Chinese style cups and spoons, with a little cup for cream...all neatly laid out on a little tray. You can tell they are very keen and pride themselves in presentation and quality. Their coffees are slowly dripped, siphon-style..so the taste is very dense and rich.  If you're a coffee lover, you would definitely appreciate this. Lastly...Their Walnut Delight dish  is amazing. It's a vegetarian dish where the mushroom is made to taste very similar to general Tso's chicken. The texture and taste was so similar to chicken, I had to ask Grace if it really was mushrooms in there. Best "mock" chicken I've had.Ordered a latte. Service was quick and friendly. The prices are typical for a latte. Was a very good latte and woke me up! It is in a side street in the Chinatown area - I only found it because I searched on my phone. If I am in the area again, I will definitely be back for some quality caffeine.Great dumplings!  Especially the leek dumplings.  Had original milk and green milk bubble tea-boba was soft and chewy, tea was not too sweet. Very nice owners and wait staff, accomodated our last minute changes in our order.