We stopped in for brunch and we weren't expecting the food to be so delicious.  The 3 meat hash was amazing, as was the turkey sandwich and bagel/salmon.  The employees were very friendly and accommodating.  A little pricey, but well worth.  We will visit again if in the area.I like this place a lot. I stopped in once with friends for drinks and was eager to return for food. We finally did over the weekend. 
The ambience is very nice -- somehow ideal for both a fun date as well as for a beer and sports crowd. 
I love the open kitchen. 
Great beer selection. 
I'll definitely return for the rosemary fries, and my fiancée will return for the very good house burger.Went here with a few friends as the place to have our reunion dinner. We hadn't seen eachother since elementary school and got reacquainted through Facebook so this was a pretty special dinner. 
The restaurant is very swanky and the prices show this. I do think the food was worth the price although all of my party thought it was very expensive. I ordered the lobster bake which was delicious. It was not fantastic and there wasn't alot of seafood but it was adequate for me. I also ordered a Neopolitan Old Fashion which was made perfectly. 
My friends ordered the fritters, carpaccio, crab cake and fries. Plus 2 shots of tequila, a lemonade and 2 more old fashions. Bill was $170 which is not bad but some of my friends weren't expected it. 
And I must say something about our waiter. Unfortunately, I didn't remember his name but he was fantastic! Very attentive, nice and even bought out a dessert because it was also one of my friend's bday. He was just real cool. 
5 stars for service
3 stars for food
4 stars for ambience 
2 stars for price.  
But I was satisfied.Mussels in coconut curry sauce were fantastic.  The scallops melted in your mouth. Excellent service and a very extensive beer and drink menu.  Don't  miss it if you are in philadelphia.i was staying at the lovely Hotel Monaco (to which this bar is connected to) and figured that I would give this place a try.  The vibe is just a little uptight.  A bit like a sports bar.  I attempted to venture upstairs when I was accosted by a very tall, very bald doorman who looked like he was going to burst a blood vessel as he brusquely steered me away from that area, explaining that it was only for diners.  Ok Max Headroom!  Get your prescription changed.Cocktails were nice however the bartender Paul was perhaps the least friendly person I've met. Certainly wasn't a bartender that wants to keep patrons drinking for an extended period.The Red Owl Tavern is conveniently connected to the hotel and also open to the general public, thus providing a stylishly casual setting to enjoy a meal or cocktail. On a recent weekend trip to Philly, we stayed at the Hotel Monaco, parked our car, and enjoyed the area. Because our weekend was packed with family events, Red Owl offered a place for us to stop in for a quick bite or drink, without the stuffy hotel bar/restaurant feel.  
In a three day period, we somehow managed to experience happy hour, drinks, and brunch. The charcuterie platter was substantial and thoughtfully crafted, the perfect pair to a locally brewed pint. Also recommended: the donuts.
Brunch menu items range from healthy to traditional; the potatoes are delicious. Note that the bloody marys are chock full of horseradish--I enjoy a spicy bloody, but we had to order extra tomato juice to balance the flavor.
All in all, Red Owl took the guesswork out of navigating the neighborhood between events, offering variety and friendly service to keep us coming back.It's a nice two-leveled tavern, right across from Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries and besides it being a little on the spicy side (for me - I have a very low heat tolerance) it was very satisfying! The service was speedy and the atmosphere was relaxed (of course, this was before the lunch rush) but I would recommend for anyone in the area.I was in Philly on a Sunday night, and unsure of where to go to eat. I am hardly ever out by myself in the city, so I was nervous to go to a bar without friends, as I wasn't in the mood to fight off guys trying to talk to me. My uber driver recommended the Red Owl Tavern, so that is where I ended up that night. I was greeted by a very friendly hostess who I told I wanted to sit at the bar, as it seemed that was where all the activity was going on. As someone who pretty much never drinks, I had no idea what to order, and most times the bartender will look at me like I'm an idiot when I ask what they suggest I would like. This was not the case this time, the bartender was one of the nicest and most friendly guys I had ever met (and pretty handsome too). He was able to explain all the drinks on the menu and suggest the ones he thought I would like the most. He told me his name was Mirek, and if I was in the area more, I would definitely come back. Food was a high price, but well worth it. Thank you for the wonderful service!!All around class-act place. Really sharp looking bar and restaurant. We were just in for drinks but the food looked good. Casual modern and upscale place in a historic setting. 
From the hostess to the concierge everybody was very friendly. The bearded bartender was the star of the show. Nice to find a place with bartenders with personality.Was in town for the weekend and after a red eye flight I took a stroll to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. I stumbled upon this place and decided to check it out. It was a Friday lunch visit and they were moderately busy but I had no problems getting service, and water. It is a nice atmosphere. The views from this place was great as you can see the "city" action from within. I was a walk-in. I did not have reservations.My friends and I came here for brunch. The food was just okay. We got the bottomless Bellini for $18, but it took forever for them to replace our next champagne bottle. May give this place another try because the Bellini deal is a steal.I hate places that brag about their local heirloom ingredients and then serve the same crap everyone else does. Since when did grape tomatoes become heirlooms? Local vegetables in January? Hardly likely. Be honest and admit you are a bar with average food with above average prices. Service was snotty and you really felt like they were doing you a favor by coming to your table. Serve cream or at least something white with the coffee, maybe the heirloom heritage cow was off for the day?This restaurant was a spare of the moment find and we truly lucked out! My best friend and I are total foodies and truly appreciate a full dining experience. Lately going out we have been disappointed in the lack of service at so many restaurants. We went in with no expectations other than it looked good on yelp. When you initially look at the menu and the descriptions, it automatically creates a high expectation for the food. I can say that there were 0 disappointments the entire night! We received exceptional service and excellent food! We ordered the Simple Green Salad (far from simple, DELICIOUS LIGHT DRESSING), The Prince Edward Island Mussels (PERFECTLY cooked- all mussels opened and not chewy at all!), The Grilled Lamb Loin, and Seared Red Snapper Veracruz Style- BOTH so unique and flavorful! For Dessert we had the bread pudding (best I have ever had in my life!)  The waiter was extremely personable and the manager came over multiple times to ensure that we were having a great experience. I have respect for this establishment- there are two types of people in this world, people who work for the paycheck and people who work because they love and care about what they do. This staff works for their wonderful reputation.You can tell that the Red Owl Tavern's employees try to establish a relationships with their guests, rather than just trying to flip tables and want to be hospitable. The manager was in communication with us the entire night, ensuring we were having a great experience, as well as the waiter being prompt and attentive from the moment we sat down to when we left. They even gave us the dessert on the house! We will definitely be returning to the Red Owl Tavern next time in Philly.  HIGHLY recommend the Red Owl Tavern:)We really enjoyed this restaurant!  We started with hummus and feta cheese mixed with roasted red peppers, super tasty!  We also had their Philly cheesesteak sandwich and a BLT and Brie, both sandwiches were amazing!  The BLT had thick perfectly cooked bacon.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is its a little pricey.We went here for lunch during a day of seeing all the historical sites. It has a fantastic location right I. The heart of everything. The staff was very nice and the portions were quite generous. I had the BLT with turkey and avocado and it was delicious. A little pricey, but highly recommend.It was hot and humid so we came in here to avoid the heat and grab some lunch.  Chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and Kale and Quinoa Salad was enjoyed by someone in our group.  We were seated promptly and served in a timely fashion. Great place to grab a bite while on your feet all day sight-seeing!Wanting to find a place around downtown Philly to get brunch on Easter Sunday. We had a reservation at the red owl tavern and a good thing we did. It was very busy. But I giving a 4 star because although the service was excellent it took a little longer for our food to arrive then we wanted. I mean it is Easter Sunday but it shouldn't take that long. But all and all the food was excellent and I really had a good brunch. And the beer that I had wasn't the best it was a little bitter but still goodI really wanted to like this place because of the cool ambiance.  I ordered the Philly cheese steak.  Aside from the mediocre taste, small portion size, and unreasonably high price of my entree,  the fact that it gave me food poisoning really nailed it home.  On the plus side, nobody else at my table endured food poisoning from their entrees (omelets and juevos rancheros) and the wait staff was pleasant.Loved this spot! We came here for a late bite after a 76ers game and sat at the bar. The brussel sprouts were bomb and my boyfriend loved his burger. Great service - they kept my champagne glass filled the whole night!I was staying at the hotel for a meeting and arrived late for the dinner so headed to the bar at the Red Owl Tavern instead. I wanted something that would not kill a diet but did not share that. The bartender suggested the mussels but they had cream in the description. I asked about it and he said the chef could leave it out. I don't know what it is like with it but I sure did not miss it.   HUGE pot of Prince Edward Island mussels cooked perfectly. Seriously -perfectly!  Took me a while but I ate them all. If you are eating alone note that you should not order an entree, this appetizer is a meal. They also make a mean Makers Mark manhattan!I was staying at the Hotel Monaco and didnt feel like walking in the rain so I grabbed a spot at the bar and ordered the soup of the day, tomato which came with grilled cheese. The food was just ok, edible but not very flavorful. The soup was bland and had a weird pulp texture and the grilled cheese was overshadowed by 2 giant pieces of bread. Service was excellent though but next time I'd try some other spot.Food wasn't great, way overpriced, waitress complained about a 10% tip.  The tomato soup tasted like pasta sauce ($13) both in texture and flavor.  The chicken was burnt on our quinoa and kale salad. ($20)  Skip the pulled pork sandwich, it has a weird flavor... possibly from the onion roll.TRY:
Crispy black striped bass
(All my friends got the steak except me and they did NOT enjoy it as much as i enjoyed my sea bass~ They said it was hard to chew and lacked flavor - order BIG RED OWL BURGER instead if you want to have meat cause i heard their burger is good....dessert? eh. )
SERVICE:
Great! our waiter was super nice :)
AMBIANCE:
Upscale tavern - since it's a part of a hotel and there is NO BATHROOM inside the restaurant so you have to walk towards the hotel lobby and down the steps and walk more to get to the bathroom!!The stone-faced hostess directed us to our seats and brought over a high chair, clearing a space for it after my husband had already made a space for it.  Well maybe she didn't notice.  Nary a vegetable on the kids menu so had to order off the regular menu for my kids and when I ordered my 3 YO daughter a whole milk the waiter brings it out in an open GLASS cup without a straw in sight.  It was brunch and there was one other table that Presidents Day morning.  Yet our food took quite a while to come out. It was sitting on the counter for a several minutes being discussed under 4-5 different staff people.  It's pretty clear they don't "get" kids here.  My huevos rancheros were average, certainly not worth $18; my husbands monte Cristo was good.  It was our one brunch meal in Philly so had wanted it to be a good one - wish I had gone elsewhere.Stopped in for dinner with some friends on a Friday night and we were blown away by the specialty cocktails. The food was great too, I had a seafood stew (bouillabaisse, I think). We had fried brussel sprouts and calamari, too. Yum!Have been here a few times, good food, good drinks, good service. Especially enjoyed visiting with the bartender sorry don't remember his name but I remember he rides motorcycles, kind of retro except for the Apple Watch.Only had brunch here a few times, absolutely love the food and all you can drink Bellinis. Burger is sooo good, and they leave the bottle of bubbly on the table so you can refill as needed. The juices to mix taste and look amazing, lots of variety. Only four stars vs five because the service is usually slow. But recommend to everyone, especially weekend brunch :)Breakfast - burnt pork sausage, very dark almost burnt french toast, cold gluten free waffle.  For the prices here you'd expect better.After a long day of seeing the city we were looking for somewhere to have a good meal to celebrate my Son's 21st birthday. The staff could not have been more gracious and the food was excellent. While they treated him for his birthday with desert and a candle on top they did not embarrass him by singing! The food was excellent, the staff attentive and it was the perfect place to end a busy day. The environment and meal was the best we have experienced in the city. Thanks Red Owl staff for being the cherry on the top of our celebration!I was in for happy hour and had the calamari and beet salad while staying at the Hotel Monaco. Both items were very good. The calamari was cooked perfectly and not rubbery. I also went for breakfast the next morning. That was not as good. The turkey bacon was gross and the toast wasn't toasted so it was kind of soggy.I'm sitting here eating breakfast. The orange juice tastes fresh squeezed - delicious! I ordered the eggs benedict with much hesitation. They are made with a sriaccha hollandaise and placed on Belgium waffles. I was fearful they would be too spicy. I can't stress enough how perfect they tasted! The breakfast potatoes were equally as delicious! I highly recommend this breakfast! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there were crumbs on the seat and the hostess wasn't friendly.First time...had the bltb, bacon lettuce, tomato and Brie...it was good...although the bread was only lightly toasted...if it had been grilled it might have been superb! Who know... and chopped salad...salad was good...I had an old fashion with markers mark...told the wife it was the cleanest old fashion I ever saw...ingredients  weren't muddled as they say...and no ice...but don't get me wrong...I did like it...whatever it was!  When I order a second one the bar tender had changed and I got a traditional old fashion...almost missed the first one!  Dessert was the cookies and ice cream...which to our surprise turned out to be 2 servings of 2 large cookies with ice cream...I'll be back if only to try and recapture that first new fashion!?While staying at the Hotel Monaco for a wedding, we came to the Red Owl Tavern for drinks on both Friday and Saturday night, and brunch on Sunday. The place was packed all three times. It is definitely the after party spot for all the wedding guests staying in block rooms. Given the crowds and the bar otherwise being nothing special, I would avoid as a late night destination except for convenience if you're staying in the hotel. I also had some strange experiences with the servers and bartenders at night. They ran out of clean glasses   and we had to wait for our drinks. Not a problem, except when they finally brought them they did so without the water my friend requested. She asked again and they responded that there were no clean glasses...while making another alcoholic drink in one. They were clearly prioritizing the paid drinks but it was obvious and rude. They also said told us they couldn't communicate with the kitchen and serve food which also seemed odd. 
Brunch was decent. I had a chicken and waffles special that was nicely spiced. Reservations are highly recommended.Is it near the tourist spots? Yes. Is it delicious and warm and wonderful? YES! Don't let the location fool you, this spot has super delicious and elegantly quirky drinks, great service, and a thoughtful little menu. 
We had the Catcher in the Rye, a caraway seed infused Rittenhouse Rye plus delicious other goodies, and a beautiful cocktail of Monkey Shoulder scotch with St Germain and other accoutrement. Divine!
We also nabbed the calamari, which was nicely prepared, super tender, and served with grilled lemon (a nice touch) and a wonderful mustard remoulade. Highly recommended! This place was just so cozy and warm and tasty.3.5/5 We stopped in for a quick bite and some drinks. We had the bagel + cream cheese, a bowl of fruit, and an English muffin... The food was delicious! Only complaint was the expense. One bottle of cider was $8 and it wasn't even that good. We might come back at a later time for brunch if we want to have a fancy meal.Dropped in after some site seeing. It turned out a great decision.  Staff was verry friendly. The skill I observed in there mixing of drinks was amazing. Thanks for a great afternoon.Enjoyed this restaurant so much the first night that it was a unanimous decision to come back the next night. Everyone ordered different meals each night and everything was great. Excellent food and service!What a poor excuse for a restaurant, and I already expect hotel restaurants to be expensive and mediocre but the prices here were ridiculous and not posted on the menu. 
I asked if there were any other options on the breakfast menu for kids and he said they do things a la carte, like eggs, bacon, fruit....one of the a la carte things we ordered was three eggs....we paid $5 for the first two and then $3 for the 3rd. What's that about? And $5 for a drip coffee? The most overpriced coffee chain doesn't charge that for a venti. 
In the end we paid over $50 for 1 order of croissants (2), 2 miniature danishes, a small bowl of cold oatmeal and 3 slices of bacon and 3 scrambled eggs. 
We should have just braved the cold like we did for every other meal when we were staying at Hotel Monaco.Very poor quality as a hotel restaurant.  
We eat at a hotel restaurant even its food is mediocre and everything is overpriced, because we expect to be treated really nicely by well trained staff.  Well, the experience at this hotel restaurant was very unique.  We (five of us) stayed at the Hotel Monaco to celebrate my birthday, and reserved Red Owl Tavern based on many good reviews.  When we arrived at the tavern, we were taken to a table for four.  We told the gentleman that we were a party of five and we had a reservation.  He told us that he would bring a chair.  So, one of us sat on a chair that was placed in an aisle.  We then saw the area in the back where a group of five or so just left.  So we asked if we could move there.  The waitress told us that those tables were reserved.  I told her that we too "reserved" a table for five not four, and it was my birthday.  She told me that she would "see what she could do."  Soon, a lady came to our table and said, "Those tables are reserved."  I told her that we had made a reservation for five.  She said, "Sorry, this is only what we have" and patted on my shoulder and left.  My husband was upset, but I said it was OK.  I decided not to let this ruin my birthday.  After that, however, few things went right. They brought pasta with cheese even though I asked the waitress no cheese due to my daughter's allergy.  So, my very hungry daughter had to wait another 20 minutes for her pasta with no cheese.  We had to ask why the bread, the side, and my father's dish were so late when other dishes were already at the table.  When the bread came after a long wait, it had butter on it despite the fact we told the waitress my daughter was allergic to dairy.  My 81 year old father's dish (Caesar salad with chicken) finally came after everyone finished their food which was more than an hour after we ordered all the food.  While all these things happening, we saw the area we had hoped to move in order to have more room which was "reserved" completely empty.  Toward the end of the meal, a couple of people were seated at one of the empty tables.  Our waitress was very apologetic.  She was never rude.  She took the pasta, Caesar salad, bread, off the bill, which was nice.  Would I like to dine at Red Owl Tavern again to deal with all the stress, especially for a special occasion like a birthday?  Absolutely not.  I hope the general manager of the Hotel Monaco (Mr. James Adamson) will make more effort to train people at the restaurant at the Hotel.We came for dinner. They had a special of the day, the Lobster Seafood Pot. It was on sale for $25. Normally $39. We both tried it. The seafood was too soft. It must have been in a big pot and simmering for a while. We also had the octopus appetizer. It was also to soft. The cooks need to do a better job on the seafood. 
The restaurant is located adjoining to a hotel. It was clean with a large bar with one tv. 
Don't think we would be going back.very nice breakfast. Try the Huevos Rancheros with chorizo. It is awesome! 
Btw, go others earlier, it seems popular in this area + the hotel residents.overpriced bland food-nice atmosphere. it just needs rime to get it together
I gave it more time to get it together-the kitchen is still slow and confused. It wasn't busy and our order took a long time and when we were served, it was cold.
Nice people work but-I dined here on a late Saturday night with five others. Upon arrival, we were almost immediately seated. The service was okay but definitely nothing over the top in any way. 
The food was however was great. Some of us at the table went with appetizers while some of us went with complete meals. I for one had the fried calamari and it was extremely crisp and flavorful. I topped it off with some tarter sauce and it was yummy! Some other guest at the table had the Salmon dip, wings and fries, Caesar salad, and the Churrasco Steak with the yucca fries. 
Every single person said their meal was great and they thoroughly enjoyed it.
I would definitely be willing to give this place another try because of the food and atmosphere. Even on a late night, they didn't seem to rush us out or anything and the food was still cooked to order.Nice variety of fresh steaks and seafood. Chicken was delicately seasoned and the grits were creamy, not over cooked. Salmon was very good, a bit undercooked. Fine selection of wine and beer. Slow service. Children's menu was unexpected. My son really enjoyed his quesadilla.Best Philly Cheese Steak Ever! All of us are raving, service a little slow but everyone apologized.Don't underestimate this place. It may be in the bottom of a hotel, but it surely rivals any other restaurant in this area. We came here for breakfast on a Monday. I had the two eggs and style with turkey bacon. My friend had the eggs Benedict and both were delicious. It's in a great location and had a great atmosphere. I was extremely satisfied with my entire meal and service.Special evening with my better half!  Our server Francis was very down to earth and accommodating.  Can't say the same about the hostess...ehem...anyway...we ordered the smoke chicken wings to start off with.  The dry rub was extremely tasty.  I ordered a side of barbecue dipping sauce but quickly realized there was no need for it.  The flavor was big and chicken tender!  Next up was the Lobster and Clam Bake...a Monday night special served all summer long until labor day.  The dish was served in an oval roaster pan.  Included in the roaster pan were a 1lb succulent lobster tail and claws, corn cob, potatoes, clam, mussels and shrimp...all swimming in a light and tasty white sauce.  The special cost $25 and was very filling.  Everything in that roaster pan was well seasoned.  We ordered a side of baked bread to sop up the sauce in the pan...we left full and satisfied!  Magnifique!What a fun place!!!  It's where everyone in town seemed to be!!   We had dinner and Keeli was phenomenal with her perfect recommendations!  She made it a fabulous food experience!   We wish were in town longer so that we could come back again!!  Don't miss this hit spot!  See if you can sit on Keeli's section because that gal knows the menu!!!!  So fun!!!Obsessed with this place. Food was amazing ! Service was amazing ! Everyone in the Philadelphia area has to go check this place out ASAP!I wound up at the Red Owl while hitting up the local tourist spots nearby. It is a charming and comfy little tavern with great service and a friendly atmosphere. 
The lunch menu was extremely limited. I wasn't expecting anything extraordinary at a "tavern" but since it's connected to a hotel I thought there would be more options. The food was good - I had fish and chips, my boyfriend had a burger. Our server was fantastic - which really goes a long way with me. 
My only complaint was the prices. I paid $20 for fish and chips that consisted of two SMALL pieces of fish and a plate full of shoestring fries. My boyfriend's burger was also $20 and was very average. I really feel like we paid $50 for a mediocre lunch only because it was "in" a hotel. 
Unfortunately, I wouldn't come back - but it IS convenient if you are in the area.. and the service IS good.My friend and I took a pit stop here after walking all day- so we were very hungry! We shared the BBLT which includes Brie cheese- can you say incredible?! I will never have a BLT ever again without Brie-  I would have never paired the combo but it was incredibly satisfying! The staff was extra nice and the prices were reasonable. I also remember attending a happy hour a couple years ago on the rooftop dec and that was beautiful!! It was the winter time so I was super nervous about being on a rooftop dec but the heating lamps actually made is very warm. The atmosphere was perfect for a cold,winter day because we could enjoy the outdoors without being cold- what more could you ask?! If you go here, definitely check out the rooftop deckThe kids menu is up to age 10. I'd say the portion is right up to age 6ish. Except the grill cheese,  that is a whole sandwich.  The clam bake was a good value,  the ribs (appetizer) were a little too charred for my taste.  The portion size for adults was just right, but more on the small size. The short ribs is a little on the smaller size as well.  Ok value for the food.  Close to liberty bell and attractions which make its nice.$21 for the greasiest burger I have ever had! The beef was high quality and the toppings were fresh but the burger itself was undercooked and dripping with grease. Appetizer and drink menu were the saving graces. Crab and corn fritters were amazing. A bit overpriced but has a great location and ambiance.Chili was just awesome! Cornbread crust with cheese melted over the top was like magic in my mouth. Bartender was really friendly and the beer selection is excellent. Sold.We are big fans of the Kimpton Brand and have stayed twice at the Monaco over the holidays.  The most recent time was with the family and we were very impressed with the dinner at the Red Owl Tavern.  Some kinks to work out with the service (newer restaurant), but the food and the effort was great.  
Food - wife and 4 year old loved the short ribs. I had a beet pasta dish that was fantastic.  7 year old did not see anything on the menu she liked, so she just ordered off menu - no problem
Service - a little disorganized, but tried really hard.  No booster seats, so they grabbed a larger pillow from the lobby.  I appreciate the effort.
Overall, we have been to many Kimpton properties and most times, the food/food choice is just "OK".  Not the case with the Monaco in Philly.EXCELLENT FOOD ( we had the scallops)! The service was terrible but the food was seriously delicious.My girlfriends and I came in to celebrate our friends engagement and the service was terrific! Phil and Shannon both had such great personalities and had us laughing! They are definitely an great asset to the bar! I love bartenders who get to know their customers we will be going back!We stumbled upon this restaurant after a monsoon this afternoon and it was an okay experience.
I ordered the calamari to start and a burger with a mixed green side salad dressed with sherry vinaigrette.
The calamari was lightly battered had a decent crisp to it.  The accompanying jalapeño (also battered and fried) lent a great, subtle overall spice but was in itself so moist that the batter would slush off.  The lemon was fresh and juicy.  The tarter sauce wasn't very balanced.  A bit too tart, overall.
The burger was recommended as the star of the show.  I thought it was slightly below average.  I can see they were trying to do a charbroiled patty but it was bland and almost too burnt.  There were no accompanying sauces and even though I ordered the cook to be medium, it was much too dry (even for a medium).  It came with  enjoyable bread and butter pickle slices and fresh tasting lettuce as well as tomato.
Three members of my party ordered the Philly cheese steak, which I didn't try.  It was described by all three as "bland mush."  
The fries were very well seasoned, extremely crispy, with an almost velvety interior.  Definitely top twenty fries of all time.
The children's grilled cheese sandwich was golden brown with a crispy exterior and soft interior.  I loved that my niece received heirloom carrots in a tasty ranch dressing and crisp green apple slices.
My unsweetened iced tea tasted like it was freshly brewed.
Definitely an okay experience but not one I would go out of my way to repeat.Basic food done magnificently! It was a clean and pleasant atmosphere with friendly and prompt waitstaff. 
The best chicken soup in town! My boyfriend said the BLTB was the best he ever had--which says a lot. To top it off we had the apple pie and ice cream for dessert. Again, the best we ever had. 
Highly recommended. Don't forget to some fresh squeezed lemonade when you stop in.This place looks the part and the service was good. We came here for a casual Saturday brunch, while the atmosphere was good the food was decidedly average. After finishing my steak and eggs, which was drowned in an overly-salty sauce, all I could think of water water...These guys are KILLING IT with their salmon game! I'm staying at the Hotel Monaco and have had their salmon for dinner as well as salmon with a Cobb salad for lunch- both fantastic. Great food!A great new bar restaurant right across from Independence Hall,  our Founding Fathers would have been proud.  The food was excellent.  Service and decor also very nice.  Craft beer selection seems decent enough, however I always believe more beers should be available on tap.  A bit pricy, but it is center city.  Overall a great place that I would def return to,  cheers!Red owl killed it. We got lots of love from John and Kyle after being turned away (as hotel guests!) from the hotel sky bar. Thanks Kyle! Gave us complimentary drinks for our troubles. Really nice people and great service!Durante meu primeiro dia na Philadelphia, caminhando pela cidade, resolvi entrar na Red Owl Tavern.
O local é bem interessante e clima legal! Pedi o famoso Cheesesteak e não me arrependi. Bem servido temperado! 
A cerveja estava gelada, mas as batatas não tão quentes 
Recomendo para um Brunch!!Came for lunch the other day and i had such a good experience at Red Owl tavern. 
The bartender was awesome!Great place!  Ordered a simple burger, fries and a beer. It was quite honesty one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Beer menu is a bit eclectic but that's not a bad thing, I love trying beers I don't usually drink. Great vibe, friendly bar tenders and staff.SO OVERPRICED. this place is cute and the menu options are fairly simple but this food is waaaay overprice and the quality just doesn't compare. It's as if this restaurant is stuck between Applebee's and an expensive restaurant. Really unhappy about the portions and the fact that our waitress disappeared for 30 mins at a time Without checking on the table.Service was good and the atmosphere was okay, kind of "urban chic meets college bar." But the food was uniformly awful and, for the prices we paid, unforgivable. Maybe their location means high overhead. Whatever. We should have eaten at one of the many food trucks in the vicinity.The food here is a bit pricey, but if the food is really amazing! It's not just hotels restaurant food, it's actually good. The reviews for the crab and corn fritters all looked good, but they were amazing! Words can't do them justice. They had the perfect crunch, but were light and airy and filled with lots of crab meat. The Brussels sprouts are also amazing. Come here for drinks and apps and you will be sure to love it!I always do love a Spaniard - especially when it's a take on an Old Fashioned featuring sherry and chocolate bitters.
Food all sounded amazing and I struggled to decide. . . I finally went with the evening's special soup which rocked my world: potato,corn,mushroom chowder with truffle oil and something vinegary and yum.
Big green salad was indeed big and looked like it could serve two.  I still ate the whole thing myself.  It came with amazing pickled veggies and I am so making this at home.
Dessert was far more tempting than usual (brown butter apple tart?!  Bread pudding with bananas and chocolate?!)
Bartender was great.
Peeve: While sitting at bar; the servers spin you around in your chair every time they shove past.  I think we need to widen that walk way a bit friends.
Grab and go counter is great too - yummy latte and scrumptious pumpkin walnut bread, with super cute and funky little servers.Stopped in for dinner and had a mixed green salad and seared sea scallops over succotash. The salad was very fresh with a flavorful vinaigrette and the scallops were excellent. I hadn't expected much and was pleasantly surprised. The cocktail menu looked great although I didn't have one. Service was a tad slow but very friendly.Visiting Philadelphia on a college visiting trip and was wandering with the tribe (family) and got hungry. We just finished visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall around 5pm ish, so we picked the Red Owl Tavern on a whim - TOFTT and won!
The place is a little cozy downstairs and the chairs were the solid steel chairs with no padding. I kind of like the padding on chairs and thought this wasn't going to be a good choice. There were lots of patrons at the bar which I took as a good sign. 
Small plates worked, beverages were cold and the service was fine. Ordered the Grilled Octopus, Carpaccio and Steamed Mussels. Since the tables weren't too busy the turnaround was quick. The Octopus was severed on a bed of potatoes with chorizo and puree chili. The tentacles were prepared so it was soft and tender. The only gripe was there we're only two tentacles. Hardly what I expected in quantity.  The Carpaccio was tasty and well presented. The best dish was the Steamed Mussels in garlic and shallots. Great tasting and by far the best value. It was paired with slices of sour dough baguettes and it was fun to dredged it in the juicy sauce. There was plenty of mussels to share. Oh, I forgot ROT offers charcutier and cheese boards with looked great too. 
Overall, we could have easily tried the typical limited burger bar food establishment but this place had a little variation. I would try it again.Great location, stocked with a huge variety of wines, liquors, beers. The bartenders actually know how to make drinks and even specific to customers' taste and/or preference. Great food. Right in the middle of the historic site.Red Owl was overall a bizarre experience. We walk in and the hostess says... NOTHING! Then when she did come out of la la land she hands us a menu and says "oh, this is the brunch menu which is all we're serving right now." My mom and I kind of glance at it (wondering why she hasn't sat us down) and then tell her okay, we're ready to be seated. She proceeds and then the hipster waiter comes out, just generally being awkward beyond belief. We ordered two burgers and what sucks the most is that the burgers were DELICIOUS. However, atmosphere is hugely important to me. Two stars, max unfortunately.Brought my parents here because of the location. I should have done some research first. 
We told them we had a reservation and yet, about 5 minutes after we were seated, I received an email stating that my reservation had been canceled. 
The hostess was new and obviously did not think to ask if my mother, who was holding on to someone to walk from the moment we entered, could walk up a ton of stairs. I asked for a table that did not involve stairs and this completely flustered the hostess. The Red Owl is in a hotel so there are elevators, by the way. The hostess tried to seat us by the bar and it was so loud, even though the place was mostly empty, that my father asked about the elevators and if seating upstairs would be quieter. The hostess again became flustered and said it would be less noisy but she wasn't sure how to get upstairs. She then spent 5 minutes with us trailing behind her back and forth to get us to the elevator. I felt awkward and embarrassed for her and already wanted to leave. 
Upstairs was not quieter.  And they tried to sit us in a booth that was made for people smaller than average. I am not small, nor is my father, so I am not sure how they thought we were going to fit there. So we moved to a table. And then the service began.
Our waiter seemed annoyed with us, except for with my fiancé. Who wasn't paying. Is that snobby? Probably but it seemed like the waiter was being extra nice to my fiancé and ignored the rest of us. He spilled hot coffee on my father and did not even notice and then was sarcastically apologetic. He did get us a napkin with club soda on it, which was very nice.
The food was fine. But nothing to write home about. And the coffee was an atrocity.  
I will never return and will let everyone I talk to know.Came here for breakfast and had the blueberry muffin and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast potatoes were not crisp and had no seasoning so I would not recommend. The blueberry muffin was goodHits and misses for me. The harvest greens were crisp and fresh and had a tasty dressing, but it was a bit too much, and the blue cheese and candied pecans didn't work terribly well together. The mushroom pot pie filling was wonderfully rich and creamy, with such interesting spices, but the pastry was too tough to cut with my knife and fork. The 7-minute egg was delicious, but the Brussels sprouts were too salty. They have an extensive wine list, though, which surprised me, given it's a beer place. The service was friendly and efficient. It's a bit awkward walking in from the hotel side. There's no hostess station and it feels a bit unfriendly until you catch someone's eye.I want to let yelp readers know that the restaurant contacted me right away, following me up on my review.  I was moving and did not have the opportunity to call them to speak, but know they are very responsive and aiming to improve.  I would not hesitate to go there again.Mussels way to large... Farm raised? Chicken terrible .. Small, over cooked.. Over salted.... Too bad, because nice location and hotel, but major food disappointment.  Maybe they will address this weakness ...