Looks like there is a second Red Kings restaurant in Chinatown and it did not disappoint! Since this place just opened yesterday, I'm not exactly sure if it's replacing the other Red Kings down the street, or if it is just a second helping of spicy, Szechuan food.
We ordered takeout and picked up the Dan Dan Noodles and a shredded Pork in Garlic sauce dish. The spice level in both dishes was perfect.  Extremely mouth-burning, but with delicious flavors that were sweet, earthy, and fresh. The portions were very generous and will make for great leftovers for us. I can't wait to try some of the other dishes and come back here for a sit-down dinner. They also have karaoke rooms upstairs, plus they are BYOB.I was here before once. Didn't have much of an impression. I went back again this week with my friends. We were very disappointed. We ordered this grilled whole fish. It came out in a big pot with vegetables looking like left overs. The fish was about the size of one hand, but it only had half of the fish served!!  The dish was $30. We four each took one bite and it was gone! I went home hungry! I ordered a take out for my husband. The serving size was about half of the same dish I ordered from the other Chinese restaurant . I felted being robbed.Great foods! Everything is so spicy and delicious. I can say I love mostly everything on the menu! Their karaoke system is alright, the rooms are too dark, but overall it's not bad! Their spicy crawfish is very good too, but the bad thing about it is they put too much legs on the bottom so you don't really get much of it. Overall not bad :) one of my favorite restaurant in Chinatown.the service is soooooooooooooooooooooooo slow .AND there will be terrible songs singing when you eating .Absolutely fabulous.  Great food great service and will not break the bank.  I will be back!!This place is awesome.... I was with a large group I arrived late but they was quick with my order.... must go.... stays open late too... can't beat that....I don't know if I've ever had such a perfectly prepared dish as the cold, spicy af beef/tripe dish. It was beautiful, delicate, powerful with a complete palette of flavors. For $9, I got a dish that I've now been talking about for two days.I am so disappointed to have to give Red Kings 2 a 2 star rating... All other past experiences here have always been great -- the food was delicious and the perfect amount of spice & kick, the griddle meats were fried to the perfect amount of juiciness and crunch, and the cumin dishes were just mouthwateringly fantastic... but tonight, such fond food memories are gone.
Pros:
-- Unusually quick service... normally there would be a ~15 minute wait time for our food to arrive, but tonight it was out to our table within 5 minutes of us placing our order (not sure if the speediness contributed to the lack of flavor in our dishes)
-- Rice here is really good. They steam it with the right amount of water to produce perfect, white fluffy rice grains.
-- They have a new menu that has a lot of pictures (great for individuals new to Szechuan cuisine) 
Cons:
-- Cumin Chicken had no flavor, whatsoever (the onions had more flavor than the chicken)
-- Boiled Beef was way more oily than I last remembered it. I remember the dish being more soup base with chili oil as a flavoring agent and/or enhancer. This time around, it seemed the beef and cabbage were just sitting in a bowl of chili oil and no soup broth.
-- They have lowered the standard spice level they once cooked at...
If this is the new quality standard Red Kings 2 cooks at, I am greatly saddened. My housemates and I loved coming here for warming food during bitter, cold nights. Now, we will have to look elsewhere for delicious, late night eats within Chinatown.Came here recently for karaoke and was pretty disappointed with my overall experience, especially the food.
On entering the restaurant, there is a small dining room and they lead you up some sketchy steps to where the karaoke rooms are. In the room, there was a large table surrounded by seats and a screen in the front with a computer for picking the songs. 
The service was pretty slow and it took a while to get a server in the room to order our food and drinks. The menu was .. interesting, definitely not like the normal Szechuan/chinese food we were used to. It was also a lot different than the menu we had seen online. Like a LOT different. The menu online has a huge variety of food items, most of them recognizable. The menu we were given had bacteria soup and dishes with blood.. it was like from a bad horror movie. I'm not sure why there was such a discrepancy. They did have some entrees that we recognized and those were what we ended up ordering. 
Once we ordered, the food came out VERY fast, like so fast that I think they probably have ready made food and they just warm it up when a dish is ordered. It tasted like that too.. pretty terrible overall. The scallion pancakes were greasy and lukewarm. The cashew chicken was the same plus was flavorless. The fried rice was completely flavorless and looked like frozen rice you would microwave at home. The dan dan noodles were oily and gross, not spicy at all, and were lightyears away from the Han Dynasty dan dan noodles. The beef with broccoli and general tso's were fine, but still not on par with standard chinese delivery food, which I think is not that great to begin with. The best dish of the night was the spicy fish, which at least had some flavor and was cooked nicely. It's the only dish I actually went back for seconds. Most of the other food I left on my plate after trying a bite, even though I was starving!
The karaoke is fine and our group had fun with that. The pricing is reasonable and was about 25-30 a person for the entire night. 
I'm not sure why a lot of the reviews are positive.. maybe I went on a bad night? Either way, I won't be finding out because you would have to pay me to eat here again.The food was really that good that I had to come back again THE NEXT DAY!  Hahaha
It was my cousin bday weekend.  She wanted to go out for some food and drink.  
I was in charge on planning, which I fail miserably. Originally,  the plan was to go out for food, drink,  and karaoke. I thought about Tango,  yakitori boy, and k top. Didn't know that you have to call weeks in advance to book a private karaoke room.  As you might have guessed,  all room were booked. 
The only other places in Chinatown that I know that serve food and has private karaoke room are ken seafood and red kings 2. 
I read other yelper reviews. Apparently,  you have to order at least $200 in food to get a private karaoke room at ken seafood. I didn't think it was worth it for a party of 5. On top of that,  I didn't really like their food there from my previous experience.  
When I called red kings up,  The requirement was at least $165 for food. 
I guess I would be ok with the $165 if I hadn't found out that at Tango,  The room is FREE if you order at least $50 worth of food.  
Long story short,  my cousins and I decided to go to red kings, but skip the karaoke room.  
We got there around 8.  The dining room wasn't busy at all.  When we placed our order,  the food came out fast.
We ordered slice beef tendon in chilly oil (cold app). Chinese spinach,  chicken griddle dish,  spicy crab, and fry fish ( don't remember what kind of fish it was) in hot and sour sauce. 
For a Sichuan restaurant,  I was expecting my mouth to feel numb after dinner due to all the chilly pepper and spices they use.  However,  It wasn't that bad! 
One of my cousin loved the food so much,  She wanted to go back again the next day. 
The second time around,  We pretty much order the same dishes, but with a few addition new dishes. 
The new dishes were the double cooked chicken,  hot and sour soup,  and beef tendon stir fried with spinach.  They messed up the beef tendon dish. Instead of spinach,  It was bean sprout. I was a lil hesitant to eat that considering that I just read an article about salmonella outbreak from bean sprout.  There were some cases from Pennsylvania!!!! 
Overall,  The second time around,  i thought the food was just OK. It wasn't as good as the day before.  Maybe it was wayyyyy too soon to come back to the restaurant?  Maybe our body hasn't fully digest the food from yesterday?  Or perhaps our taste buds haven't had the chance to recover from all the spices from the previous night....
Whatever the reason may be, Everyone thought the dishes were spicier than the night before.It is the only ktv that opens at noon time.
Come here for karaoke. Reservation is recommended. Equipment is old and one of the screen is covered with bubbles which is difficult to touch.
Waitress are so welcomed and attentive.
$160 for 3hours singing and also You can have 160$ as credit for ordering food here. Do try the BBQ just go for the regular menu.
Enjoy food and karaoke in Philly!After a disaster experience with K. Top Asian Fusion. I was able to reserve a room at Red KINGS2. We had the time of our live. Nice staff. Tasty food at good price. We sang kareoke and had a great evening. We plan to return in the spring.Not happy with this place at all. Just craving Szechuan food, and searched on yelp this place pop up. I was tempting by their nice picture of mean. But really the food their serve are not like the pictures showed on mean. Also this place is too noisy, I can hear somebody singing karaoke upstairs. This experience was not good for me. Anyways never again for me!!By far the worst service I've came upon. The one star is only because the restaurant itself is nice and spacy. But, the service sucks. We booked a room for 12 people, spent $342 w/ tips. That means we should've received great service. Anyways, we were there for 30 mins and no one came to take out order. Mind you, the room rental goes by time. We had to run downstairs to the employee to put in our food ordering. To think that we spent that much money on food, we would get free drinks. They charged $10 for a 2 liter soda and $7.95 for cranberry juice. If it wasn't that cold, of course we would've walk to a store and buy it ourselves. The waiter did nothing but brought our food to the table. We pretty much did everything ourselves. They did not show us how to work their karaoke. So, that took time to figure out. I would only book this place again if only it's the last resort. But, I wouldn't recommend it. Price was ok. The food isn't as great. Not too many to choose from.Very good service, friendly people. This is one of my favorite Chinese food places. I use to go Emei a lot until I found out this place! If you are a spicy chinese food lover you should definitely check this place out!The best si chuan food in philly!! Very very good services! Managers and waiters are very nice!Tasty spicy food with meh service.
This was my first time at either of the red king locations. I was there for a large dinner and we were seated at the largest table tucked away in the back of the restaurant. This location allows diners to observe the rest of the patrons, but it effectively makes you invisible to the staff unless they are delivering some food. 
The service was pretty poor, it took a good amount of time till we were able to get someone's attention for water. Normally this wouldn't be an issue except for the fact that this place specializes in spicy ass food. If the place was packed and under staffed then they may be excused, but it was neither.
We ordered a good amount of food, most spicy but some was not. The scallion pancakes were not too bad. The flavor was all in the dipping sauce, but I don't think the over fried slice even had scallions... maybe it was just pancakes, I don't recall. The spicy dumplings in some sort of soy sauce spice oil was surprisingly good. Good flavor with a kick, not simply tongue numbing red oil. There was some type of thick spicy glass noodle which made my tongue and mouth burn. There was minimal flavor and maximal peppers, I wasn't a fan. The non spice food was good. I enjoyed the meat, and veggies, and fish, and stuff that wasn't spicy.Very clean spot. 
I usually get VIP in this restaurant. I've tried a lot of food, but there isn't anything that makes me WOW. Some dishes were downright salty or way too bitter. Then, there were dishes that were VERY good. There is this one dumpling dish that made my mouth water. 
Other than that, I do not really have much to say about this place.Red King 2 has served me some of the best Szechuan food in Philly.
Lamb with Cumin - IMO, better than Han Dynasty. The lamb pieces are bigger, more tender, less greasy and definitely more flavorful.
Spicy Boiled Fish - I love this dish, it's my go-to dish at any Szechuan place, and Red King delivered. It is spicy and leaves your tongue tingling, but definitely worth it.
It's definitely a place I'll frequent and am already looking forward to my next meal there.Jelly fish was a little tough but the flavor is good.  Steamed vegetable dumpling was really good. Filled with cabbage and mushrooms.  The dumpling skinwas silky. The crispy fish was incredibly delicious.  Sauce was perfectly balanced. Beef tendon and bitter melon was the best and most flavorful dish. Snow pea tops was perfectly cooked, not too overdone letting the characteristic sweetness of the vegetable come through.The food is great, and in terms of the prices, it's hard to get a private room with a few hours of karaoke and food for 150, so that part is definitely great. The negative is now they charge uncorking fee for
Byo which I believe is a new thingI would advise not getting food from this place. Ordered delivery through Uber eats. The delivery was prompt but the food was terrible. Every piece of general tsos chicken has a bone or part of a bone in it. Was inedible and the food that wasn't littered with bones was mediocre at best. Avoid at all costsBf and i waited half an hour till they tell us there's a problem with their computer taking our orders so the wait would be 10 to 15 mins but somehow manage to take the orders of other customers who got there after us. I suspect racism from this restaurant because of the unhappy waitress who took our orders as the other customers ordered more than my bf and I .. or perhaps an interracial couple is unseen in this part of the city. It really sucks because we really were excited to try the food. Oh well, this place is very, very unwelcoming.I was lured by the smell of Szechuan pepper as I walked on Race street and decided to stop by for dinner. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and seated immediately by the friendly staff. Then the hot tea and ice water came soon after; we didn't even need to ask. About 90 % of the menu consisted of spicy items (just how I like it) and theres three levels of spiciness to choose from. The food came out in reasonable time even when they had a good amount of customers. For starters, I ordered the cold platter sampler since I wanted to try a bit of everything--it had pig ears, pork belly, sliced beef, and beef tendons. Everything on the platter was aromatic and a tolerable spicy; the pig ears would've tasted better if it was sliced as thin as the tendons though. As I was having dinner with just my sister we ordered only two entrees: spicy chicken and crab. Both entrees were so delicious! When I eat a lot of Szechuan peppers, my tongue tends to get numb and everything has no taste to it anymore but surprisingly the entrees were distinctly flavorful from one another. We never told our waitress what spicy level we wanted but our food was just right. Our waitress checked back with us a few times and asked us to let her know how the food was so they could improve. She even gave milk teas on the house which really helped soothe the burning sensation in out mouths...I highly recommend as we all know milk helps with spiciness. 
Final verdict--I recommend this place if you love spicy food! The service is great and the food is good, so why not? That's a rarity for a new restaurant.I used to frequent the restaurant, but I went back with a group of friends and it was closed. We arrived past the opening time listed on the door and even checked back an hour later and no change.So far not a good impression... called here to confirm my birthday party of 15 and they said they don't have my reservation but when I call the other on they said they do have my reservation? I called red kings 2 and the person who answered the phone hung up on me three times when I called back again and asked why he hung up on me he said yes and hung up on me again? So should I cancel my birthday party and take my business elsewhere?Gotta say the quality of food has definitely improved over time. My friends and I love to go here for late night dinners. The food comes fast and smelling great. My favorite dish here is the cumin lamb. For the price of the food you get a great value for your money. It's a good place to go with a group of friends and catch up.Mmm mmm mmm
Cold spicy pork belly appetizer, szechuan crawfish, dan dan noodles, it's all amazing.  
Karaoke upstairs.  BYOB.  Great service.
They don't judge too hard late-night ;) - they're open until 4AM.Made a reservation for my birthday and when we came in they couldn't give us the room because the speaker didn't work. Oh then they should of let us know because I drove 3hrs to come to Phily! The workers didn't even look sorry he had a smile in his face saying sorry! What a bad service! I'll never come back here again!!!this place is super tiny and seems OK if you want to sit down and have dinner... late hours make it especially convenient after a night of drinking. However, review is about karaoke. Rented a room here for two hours and it came out to $85 which is fine but it felt like we were in a trap house. there are about three karaoke rooms upstairs. Each room looks disgusting and smells of lingering cigarette smoke. About halfway through our night, a room next to us must have started smoking because the smell permeated into our room and honestly left is gagging. None of us in my party are smokers. We were able to bring a bottle of wine, I believe there is a charge of five dollars to BYOB. The music selection is terrible and while the computer is easy to navigate to find songs, there are not many songs in storage.. hence terrible. I wouldn't recommend nor would I come here again.IF this restaurant open in China, it will closed down in very next day. those chef does not know how to cook, still american- chinese food. For american people is okay but not for Chinese. too much msg in any dishes, i don't think so those chef being any trained. the Fish with pine nut in sweet sour sauce is really terrible, fish is over fried, the sauce is not right.Amazing Crab in spicy flavor dish! Best I've had in the philly area. Staff is also super friendly and everything is clean! Will definitely come back to this place!Made a reservation and when we got there, they told us that the rooms are all booked. We called ahead of time and they didn't mention anything about it. Never going to this place again.Weeks ago we made reservations for a karaoke room at Red Kings 2 for this past Saturday at 10pm. We showed up on time and informed them of our reservation. They looked as us like deer in headlights and said they didn't have a record of our reservation. We insisted that we had made a reservation, so the woman with the reservation book asked us to wait while she looked through the book. We stood there for about 3 or 4 minutes when she finally informed us that she found our reservation. She said she had written it on a separate sheet of paper but forgot to write it in the reservation book. She said they gave our time slot away to someone else and they didn't have any other rooms available. She apologized and offered a discount card to come back another time but we declined. We tried to walk-in to other karaoke places in the area hoping one of them would have an open room, but every one of them was booked. No karoke for us. What a bummer of a night.With any new place, I normally look around at what other people are ordering to see of there's a commonly ordered dish (don't act like you haven't done it either.). From what I saw this night, it was the cucumbers and Dan Dan noodles. 
Now let me just say this. In no way am I saying that Han Dynasty is better than this place overall, but when it comes to cucumbers and Dan Dan noodles, HD is the reigning champion. 
The entrees were enjoyable. Crawfish sautéed in chili , Pork ribs in cumin , and Szechuan scallops. There were so many options to choose from, it became a little too overwhelming. 
Red Kings isn't the best that Chinatown has to offer, but I would definitely come back to try out some of the other interesting items that I saw on the menu. The food wasn't bad. And it's open late so I'm bound to stumble inside on one of those drunken nights.First time I came here the environment is really weird. We sat in the middle, no music was playing just a tv. It was just uncomfortable. We went to red kings 1? And ordered food. But the thing was the waiter had to go to red kings 2 to get our food and serve it to us o.o so we told them we would go to  red kings 2 instead. Food didn't wow me but the price did hahaPoor service.  They canceled a room 2 hours before my group was supposed to be there today. It was for my friend's bachelorette party so I'm very disappointed. VERY. They had no excuse, only that the other party said they would stay until 2 and that they called me but I had no voicemail setup which is false. I reserved for 12 am, days before, in preparation. This is really poor service and I'm really reluctant to use them again or suggest them to others. Frankly I'm pissed off.This place is pretty good. I went with a group (about 8 people) for karaoke. It was about $22-23 each per person (including tips + tax)
Food: 
Everything we ordered was delicious. The vegetable dishes were a bit bland but it a nice contrast to the stronger flavors you get from the meat dishes.
The only missed that we order was the "hot and sour soup," there was nothing hot or sour about it. It just tasted like soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce mixed together with mushroom and tofu. No one in the group finished theirs.
Service:
Good, I didnt feel rushed even though there was another group after us. They gave us notice 15 minutes beforehand that our time is up and waited patiently as we split the bill among us. 
Actual Place:
The karaoke rooms are upstairs and the room we got is (probably) the smallest. There is no ventilation in there so it got really hot after a while. There are fans inside but it doesn't really help much. I wish they could install an air conditioner or something because the air gets so stuffy.It's Friday night. I'm druuuunk and can't wait to dig into a pile of Chinese food and then dance my ass off while fake-karaoke-ing (I'm not much of a singer). It's my friend's birthday and the private room is packed- so much so that it's a little hard to get around. We've brought beer and liquor, and like I said before, can't wait to dig into a pile of Chinese food. Zack adds a couple dishes to the plates already ordered, and the food starts coming.
The only problem?
The food was not good. So greasy, not enough flavor. I tried everything but didn't take seconds. The dan dan noodles paled in comparison to Han Dynasty's. Half of the things we ordered never showed up (including a special lobster dish the birthday boy's girlfriend pre-ordered). We had to hit the $300 minimum for the room, so we ordered some dessert. Little rice balls in a watery broth. Don't order this.
The karaoke machine was pretty easy to use, and the waitstaff put up with us. Three stars granted.Good food! As a group we decided on family meal. Recommend all beef products and even the chicken was delicious. Place is known more for seafood, but overall good experience. Service was on point!! Will go again and highly recommended. Only flaw is the karaoke machine is a bit outdated.:( no new songsHaving been to many places in Chinatown, this place is solid. Really awesome chicken dishes, open late, and really nice setup inside.solid sit down place for spicy traditional Szechuan food that is slightly more expensive than other nearby restaurants. more clean and modern look compared to most other chinatown restaurants but have to say bathrooms are kept up very poorly - sometimes toilets have no water pressure to flush and soap is missing at times.  
if you are a fan of spicy food, I highly recommend their spicy fried fish fillet dish, griddle cooked chicken pot, and double cooked pork belly (on the oily side).   
service is pretty standard and the place is small enough to always get the attention of a server if you have any concerns.  
overall, i'd recommend coming here for more special occasions since the bill can get expensive if you order 1 dish per person (about $15-25 per person imo).  on a side note, it can get loud at times given they have karoake rooms on the second floor of their restaurant, otherwise another solid Szechuan restaurant!Forgot to review this place. 
Came here for dinner on two occasions. One was for hot pot too!  
This place is pretty nice, clean and modern and not overly tight. They use tablets for ordering which is pretty cool but becoming the norm at Chinese restaurants lately. 
I don't remember all the dishes we ordered for regular dinner, I know we tried the dishes that han dynasty was famous for.. Dan Dan noodles, some vegetable and chicken and pepper? Or was it beef ? Overall I thought it was good and better than Han dynasty. I'd suggest people come here for Szechuan. 
For the hot pot. I think we had the half half broth, but it's been so long and I've eaten hot pot so many times since then that I think they all blurred. I just remember that their hot pot menu is ticket style. You get a paper and pen and you check off the amount of a LA carte items you want. The biggest hurdle was the menu was all in Chinese. The boss and managers were very nice to translate every item!!! Thanks!!
Since this isn't a hot pot only restaurant, the meats were all mostly frozen... Which wasn't a problem to us. We ordered a lot of random stuff BC some translations were kinda off. The vegetables were decent portions. It was a good hot pot experience considering. 
They have karaoke upstairs but haven't had a chance to host a party up there. Will definitely check it out soon though. 
Staff were very nice. Good addition to Philly ChinatownFourth visit.  Unbelievable flavorful won't break the bank culinary Chinese food experience.  If you are in or visiting Phily, I would highly recommend....Why is it that I always start with the sequels? Haha I could have easily gone to the Red Kings a half-block away! http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/A-second-Red-Kings-in-Chinatown.html.  Anyway, no matter, there is finally a Szechuan place that is not Han Dynasty that is actually more accessible to me :-)  Forgive me, Han Dynasty, I will come back soon!
Get the essentials: ma po tofu, red chilli-infested chicken (hehe), and a smoothie to extinguish the flames in your mouth ;-) I will tell you that I have tried other dishes, and they have been ok but not to the level of the versions by Han Dynasty.  However, I will remove Red Kings II from the shadows of the Han Dynasty and say that I truly love their take on Szechuan food!  Thank you, Red Kings II!4.5 stars. The food is authentic, fresh-tasting and delicious. Most of the Szechuan dishes here are probably way better than those at Han Dynasty (except the Dan Dan noodles - Han's will always have a special place in my heart - er, stomach). Tried the beef and tripe in hot chili oil - the meat was pretty standard but their hot chili oil is nicely spicy without being TOO spicy. Can't go wrong with any of the apps in chili oil. The fried spicy fish pieces were absolutely delicious, and the shredded beef with long hot peppers were good too. Snow pea leaves were a nice complement to all the spice. 
The only way this place could possibly be better is if the food were just a little bit cheaper. And if they had Han Dynasty's Dan Dan noodles. That being said, prices are reasonable, the food is delicious, the place is open super late, and the service is friendly and better than at most Chinese places. Plus, their main clientele seem to be young transplants from China, who ostensibly have discerning tastes when it comes to Chinese food.Came here for a really late night snack with my gf. I'm cantonese so having these spicy noodles soups isn't a norm for me, but I've grown to appreciate the spicy side of Chinese food! The Dan Dan noodles was quite good! The broth was very flavorful with a nice numbing spicy to it. The noodles, I wouldn't say are super fresh cause they're not much bounce to it when you chew on it, but overall it was a delicious bowl of soup noodles! The lady at the counter suggest the Dan Dan noodles cause apparently it's a common on people order.Really good garlic chicken dish. Would recommend . Not too pricey either and their beer is cheap.If you're looking for karaoke, this is your place. Otherwise expect average Chinese food and bubble tea. They even brought out an entirely wrong dish and had a random Asian TV channel playing for everyone although just music would have been nice. Probably won't visit again.Red King 2 is ktv restaurant, meaning if you buy certain amount of food you get access to their karaoke room for free. However, their food is either too salty or too spicy. I can't really taste too much beyond that. Disappointment. One of the cooks was smoking outside when our group was walking in. We saw him wiping his hands on his apron. I hope he washed his hands when he returned to the kitchen. Probably won't go back unless we really really need a karaoke room.This place is clutch late night option either walk in, take out, delivery, whatever you need. Good price and even better lo mein. Friendly staff. Will continue to supportI came in November 14 at 4:45pm my reservation was at 5:30pm Mr. Micheal. I had to leave because the place was booked even though I made a reservation it was no good.Love the ong choy & spicy fish we got!  Free tea with dinner!  The decor of the place is so nice and un-Chinatown.  The bathrooms are clean.  We went for dinner at 10pm.  I love eating late meals.  The only downside is that 10pm on Friday also meant we had to listen to the worst renditions of Mandarin & Cantonese songs (karaoke rooms upstairs).
I swear to god, one song managed to turn Chinese words into "AHHHHHHHHH EEEEEEE AHHHHHHHHH OOOOOOOO" and in the melody of a wounded stray cat.I did not love Red Kings 2. The food we ordered (Dan Dan noodles and Chicken with Cashews) was extremely oily. I also felt like we were sitting on top of the table next to us, and it did not help that one of the patrons kept sneezing towards us. The food is moderately priced. I think there are better options in Chinatown.We came with a group of 15 and the staff was very responsive throughout the night. The room was really cold when we first got there but they brought in several space heaters as soon as we brought it to their attention, which was much appreciated since it was real COoLD outside
The song selection was standard and had most of the current pop songs (and throwback songs) that we wanted. 
We had to buy $220 worth of food to have the karaoke room for 3 hours. It was just enough food to satisfy all of us. There were no complaints about the food and the dishes came promptly.
Really happy that the staff was always attentive to our questions and orders! Although we had the room until 11:30pm, the staff was flexible when we stayed for a little longer.
Tip: bring cash for a discount!A warning to the uninitiated: this restaurant's specialty is spicy food. If you don't want spicy food, your options are fairly limited. Also, many restaurants in Chinatown are BYOB but Red Kings II serves alcohol and will charge you if you bring your own ($5 a bottle, pricing is different for beer and wine coolers). This restaurant was a last minute replacement when the host was looking for a karaoke bar in Chinatown when she ran into problems with the other two she spoke with (Yakitori Boy and K Top). Renting a room is $50 an hour (three rooms are available) and have a call button to summon a server. Our host said she was told the room could fit fifty people but I suspect she misheard because just fifteen would be tight. There is a huge menu with a multitude of protein options and a second menu for another restaurant (with some American food like fries and hot dogs) that will deliver if a certain minimum was ordered. We learned if we order $200 or more worth of food, they would drop the cost of three hours of karaoke so that's what we shot for. The food is very cheap so we ended up buying lobster to get up to the $200 range. Regarding the food, the General Tso's chicken was too spicy for me (and even then, it didn't taste great) but I liked the crispy scallion pancakes. The service was prompt and polite, the karaoke had a pretty decent selection. We stayed from 7 to 11 pm on a Saturday but they're open until 4 am (when we left, only one other room still had people singing and the restaurant was empty). So, the service is good, food is adequate, and take the $200 challenge for three free karaoke hours. We mostly drank and sang in any event.This place is open till 4 am on weekends. We came with a party of 8 and got a room; if we spend $130 on food and drinks we could stay for 2 hours, or if we spent $160 we could stay for 3.  Unlike other karaoke places in the area, they have a full menu all the way up till closing. They specialize in Sichuan food. The BBQ here was great, definitely go with the lamb.  Beer here were all bottled and are all only $3 (including imports). We ended up staying 3 hours and had more than we could eat and drink. 
The staff were extremely attentive and friendly, they brought all the questions we had down to management and were very polite (even somewhat of a pushover..). all in all, definitely a good experience and is better value wise than its nearby competitors.Decent food. We got braised chicken with chestnuts (pretty good, i like the thick sauce), spicy fish (okay), and beef with long green peppers (good, you can never go wrong with that dish really). Small cozy place. Food does come fast, which is great. Free wifiThank you for the reply! I can't remember the day since I wrote the review a week or so after, but since it's not a normal occurrence we'll be sure to stop by again sometime. 
Thanks!
-SophieI really enjoy this place.  Most of the authentic  dishes have some nice heat.Yoooo this is a hidden gem. Griddle cooked shrimp and chili oil wontons are a good place to start with the menu. The cumin dishes are excellent as well as their soups. Very good and fast-not cheap but the portion sizes are quite large. Good for large groups and sharing!not too expensive but there's def better food in Chinatown. Haven't tried their Karaoke yet tho.
I've been twice and ive heard a lot from my friends and we all have the same conclusion- most of the dishes are just too oily and the food is not very fresh. like the spicy crabs- they are not too fresh and over fried so the meat and the shell can't be separated. such a waste. But with that price (spicy crabs is $21), the expectation should be lower?Less than zero reviews. I called three times for my order and the most they said was that's not our fault.  "My order was dropped off at my house" I have called again and nothing changedThis is the worst chinese take out I've ever had in my life.  I'm serious.  I am just another guy that wants to be lazy sometimes and order some salty Chinese food, and this food straight-up sucked.
We ordered General Pso's chicken that ended up being so spicy, I couldn't eat it.  I ate 3 pieces and my mouth felt like a volcano. 
We also got this item that was supposed to me some kind of marinated cucumbers- it was gross.  It was basically sliced cucumbers with salt on it.  
The House Fried Rice was a joke.  It was white rice that was steamed with a little bit of fried onions and small pieces of chicken in it.  It was flavorless and I had to put 4 packs of soy sauce on it.  This ended up being one of the only things we could eat that tasted somewhat normal. 
Wonton soup was good too- I will give some credit there.  Not bad. 
We got the steamed dumplings too and they tasted like a slimy pot sticker.  The dumpling sauce was in a cup the size of a quarter and the sauce sucked.
I am sorry I know this review sounds harsh, but I have been scarred for life from this place.  It's the next day and I am writing this review- I can let stop thinking about how nasty this food was.  Oh, and by the way the total was around $60 - it was a rip off.   If y'all find something edible or decent on this menu, then I am happy for you and you are lucky.  Otherwise, be warned... it was not good.  GOOD LUCK.  
PS- look at the picture of the hot mustard packets.  Look like something you'd find underneath your car seat after 5 years... old dark brown... don't look right.My wife and I have been missing the crawfish they serve in China terribly, and when we saw that Red Kings serves them at a reasonable price we decided to drop in and try them out.
As usual, with a Chinese restaurant in the States, my speaking Mandarin resulting in a lot of oohing and ahhing, and service was excellent.
The restaurant storefront itself is nothing special but the food is really good and completely authentic. The crawfish were a little bit milder than they would be in China, which is a good thing for the average American, and the pepper broth-boiled sliced fish was spot on. 
Anyone who can stand some spice should try this place out!Had my bday and it was legendary. 
-------
So far not a good impression... called here to confirm my birthday party of 15 and they said they don't have my reservation but when I call the other on they said they do have my reservation? I called red kings 2 and the person who answered the phone hung up on me three times when I called back again and asked why he hung up on me he said yes and hung up on me again? So should I cancel my birthday party and take my business elsewhere?It is cool to see Red King 2 opening. It is a new addition to the late night places to go in Chinatown. Red Kings 2 offer Szechuan  food and is very spicy. They also offer karaoke rooms for a good price. Ask for that if you plan to go with a large group and wants to also do karaoke. 
The food is good here, but you have to know what to order and what they specialized in. Service is good every time I come. I recommend the lamb with cumin, chicken in garlic sauce, eggplants in garlic sauce, the fish filet and etc. Come with friends and order different dishes to share is the best way to try out.After getting home late from an event recently and realizing I'd skipped dinner, I opened my various delivery apps to see what was available after 10pm on a weekday. I had a craving for Chinese and Red Kings 2 was one of the very few places that was still accepting orders. So I crossed my fingers while placing an order for general tso's, fried rice and wonton soup. 
Not only did Red Kings come through with some very solid eats, the window of time between my order and delivery was only about 30 minutes, give or take. The food was nicely packaged and there was plenty of it; I got several meals out of my order. Adding this one to the delivery rotation for sure!Great spot and went there late night craving hot Chinese soup. I got the spicy fish boil and it was perfect. Made my body tingle but if your a foodie like myself that is a good thing !! I will be back.Incredibly unprofessional-
I booked an very large program karaoke event with them on Nov 8 weeks in advanced and even sent a program member all the way to their establishment to scope out the place only have them call me THE DAY BEFOREHAND to cancel the event because they have a recent policy where they close on that weekday. WHAT? You couldn't have told me this when I tried to book the event or sent someone to check out the place or called to confirm?! You just decided not to work that night? So unbelievable. We had a hard time finding a new place on such short notice and ended up having a bad event as a result. They ruined our annual event. No communication between owner and staff.
We decided to give them a second shot since this may have been a fluke. However I was still incredibly disappointed in their karaoke. First of all, we were double charged for the beers that we ordered so LOOK AT YOUR RECIPT CLOSELY. And second of all, no one taught us how to use the karaoke machine which is not intuitive even after we asked.
Not a good place for service, events, or karaoke.While the night started off terribly, with the waitstaff claiming that I had cancelled my reservation for 35 people (this was for a college reunion), all of whom showed up exactly at our reservation time, the management was somehow able to accomodate us through some sort of magic...so we all squeezed into a small room with two tables on the second floor. 
Everything after that was fine--a little cramped, but nothing too crazy. I felt terrible because we only had one waitress for all of us, and we were so loud from the BYO and screaming karaoke...so props to the service team for not giving us a hard time or judging too hard! The food came out super quickly, and someone even commented that the MaPo tofu and other szechuan dishes were better than that of Han Dynasty! Portions were pretty big for the price too--everything was reasonable.
We had such a great time singing classics, and a potentially disastrous situation was averted--thank you so much!Came in pretty late on a Thursday night, close to 1 in the morning. The restaurant is split into a few floors, with the first floor for dining and the top ones for KTV. One thing to mention is that the bathroom is actually upstairs, one time my feet was hurting so I feel like it's necessary to point this out in case you're in the same shoes.
Our waiter was decent, he did his job and was quick about it. Not too social though, even though it's understandable. This is a karaoke spot in Chinatown that sells alcohol so you can imagine the stuff they deal with throughout the day. Keep this in mind so you don't feel offended if your service doesn't come with a smile.
Food wise, they range from ok to really super good. Nothing we had was ever bad though, a few dishes could have used some more seasoning. When it's good though, it's terrific! Two of my favorites dishes here are the crispy chicken with hot peppers and their spare ribs in sweet and sour sauce. I really do think you should get both of these together for the flavor contrast. The chicken are bacon crispy and packed with seasoning. You taste salt and pepper and sweet and a very aromatic spice. The ribs are crunchy and sweet, countering that spicy peppers in the chicken. We also had chicken corn soup, the soup was definitely on a lighter side. Some salt and sugar would have helped.
Over all, it's a really good spot to get food late night. The food comes out super fast and the portions are huge. A few things sets the restaurant back. The vibe of the place is that they are really chill, almost to the point where it doesn't matter if you do business here or not, just come and hang out. You can take that any ways you want. Some mediocre dishes and a bit higher price prevent this from being the best. It is still one of my favorite places to grab a bite late night however.