I love their BBQs! It has different kinds of BBQs that you can choose from. Whenever I crave for BBQ I always come here. They also got noodles, drinks and desserts too!The food is ok, but the environment is very cool. The waiter is very careful, and they are very kindEven though this restaurant boasts shao long boa on the front door, there are many other reasons to try this place.  First off, their soup dumplings are good, but slightly under seasoned.  Nevertheless, I always get an order when I go because they are homemade with good juice.  The real gems are the spicy tripe, cold cucumber, beef cassarole, and fish with pine nuts!  I am still working my way down the menu but everything I order is always really good.  The staff is really friendly and I usually just ask them what they recommend because they know the food best.  I can't wait to go back and give some of their curry dishes a try.Foods are OK here, one thing I have to say is that their tips are automatically added in to your order. Counted 18%... however, their services are not so goodRed Kings, at this location, completely changed their menu and decor over the last year or so.  Stopped by for lunch and it was great.  It was more like a Chinese Izakaya.  Many small plates and offerings on skewers.  Food was excellent.Basically everything is cooked before being "BBQ"ed. It's NOT BBQ at all! Meat is not fresh and the corn is still icy cold inside. Not recommend!I haven't try their food yet this review is only for their so call iced rice. Very disappointed. I was craving for the iced rice for a very long time finally I heard this place sells it, I was really happy and looking forward to try it out. But after I got it, I tried one spoon and threw the rest of the food out. To me, it looks like the rice was the left overs from the other night, no flavor. It's simply over night rice + water + sugar + toppings.Among the many similar restaurants in Chinatown, Red King's stands out.
I use my unadventurous wife of more than 40 years for my unique test of Chinese restaurants.  During all that time, she has ordered the same dishes every time she eats Chinese food - an egg or spring roll and chicken lo-mein.  When you eat the same thing for 40 years, you can distinguish among the good, the bad and the abysmal.  She found Red King's to be very good.
I try something new each time.  Their steamed dumplings were tasty with just the right feeling while their shredded pork with Chinese celery and dry tofu was excellent.
In addition, the eating section was quite clean (never look in the kitchen, though).
Red King's is a keeper.
--My colleges and I like to go there for lunch cause they have a wide selections for only $5.95 with soup. I'm not a fan for its interior though.Food is ok.  Went on a thanksgiving night.  Illegal worker is probably no more than 14.  Handling customers and serving,  kudos to him.  Btw, you cannot add a mandatory gratuity on a bill.  I mostly write reviews to places that charge a mandatory gratuity.  Party of 2, practices of a bad business.Wow! Great bbq shrimps, tofu, chicken skewers for a great price!! The deserts were okay, but I'd highly recommend this as a late night snack! Its spicy but the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms are tooo die for!! Give it a go!I was brought up a vegetarian and I am slowly getting used to eating meat. So that makes me a very picky meat eater. I like my chicken soft and flavorful. I can go ahead and say that the chicken that I had here was the best I ever had. My fiancée and I had just finished working out and were craving food so this is where we ended up. We ate a lot of food. Really tasty and healthy food as its BBQ and not fried. This is my fav spot now for meat. I see that everybody on the yelp page have good things to say about the DanDan noodles. This is something I am going to try the next time am here which is probably going to be in a day or two :)A true stand out among a sea of Chinatown mediocrity. When one walks past the location it looks like every other Chinese restaurant on race street but if you are to take the plunge you will be rewarded.  
  Their cuisine du maison is Szechuan which is southern Chinese or easily know, spicy. While perusing the menu, which is far less extensive than others on the block, I was approached by a friendly waitress. I'm assuming she was family as their were two well behaved children there, whom came up to her earlier, and asked if I had a questions on the menu. Now for a first in the Chinese restaurant business a speech on ordering what was in season rather than just anything off the menu. I knew we were in for a round peg in a square hole, something outside the box. 
  We started with wonton soup, while very ordinary, its also an item that is hard to stand out on, but Red Kings did, as the the broth was slightly white pepper spicy and the wontons were obviously fresh made and delicate. Most wontons are a gooey, doughy sinker with a small piece of meat. This was light and in an odd shape but delicious. We then had an order of steamed "juicy" or soup dumplings. Small  dome shaped dumplings filled with either pork soup or crab soup and meat. Just place it on a perfectly shaped ladle, add some sweetened soy with ginger and enjoy. It's like a small explosion of soup in your mouth. Next was double cooked pork, consisting of shaved pork belly, leeks, spicy diced peppers, and bamboo shoots all stir fried to a crisp perfection with some pepper flake and black bean mixed in. Finally we were ordering Chinese broccoli which roughly resembles broccoli raab, but we were told fresh snow pea shoots were in season so we changed our order. Simply sautéed with elephant garlic slices and oil. It was prepared perfectly, not over cooked where the greens turn bitter like many places. 
  All in all the experience was great, a definite must-try restaurant in Chinatown but be warned they are not a late night spot closing around 10 pm and also have only  seven tables so seating can be limited.Around 10pm my friend and I were trying to find a bbq place, we found this. After reading the reviews we had to try it! Around 10pm the place was not really packed, the menu was straightforward, I was surprised how fast our food came to our table, probably less than 15minutes. Everything was at the right temperature, we ordered 1 of each from the menu, one of the reviewers was right, the seasoning overpowers the meat and they all taste the same (even the chicken heart), the shrimp was way undercook, it was literally raw. I think this place is good if  you're actually drunk and want something to eat.. I don't know, I might try it again thoughMy favorite Chinatown restaurant so far! Living off a budget, the $4.95 lunch specials are amazing. Great selection of entrees with soup and tea.  
I've tried a lot of restaurants here, but nothing beats the quality and the service. Not to mention the nice atmosphere.Two words: Mango tofu.
In fairness, this is the only dish I had at Red King's, which is why I didn't go ahead and give the place five stars.  But this was one stellar dish.  The tofu was fried perfectly -- crispy on the outside and silky on the inside -- and was complemented beautifully by slices of mango, snowpeas, and  strips of red and green pepper, as well as a mango sauce that was at once spicy, sweet, and sour.
The interior of the restaurant was clean and pleasant, and our server was friendly, in spite of the fact that we walked in right before closing.  I'll be coming back here.Living close to China town, I've been eating my way through it the last couple of months. Once I heard they had soup dumplings, they moved up my list of places I wanted to eat at in this area of town.
The soup dumplings were very flavorful and delicious. Unfortunately that was the best part of the meal by far. I ordered the chicken lo mein. The noodles were decent, but the chicken in the noodles was near unpalatable. 
My dining companion also had noodle soup, and it was ok, but not great. Nowhere near as good as Nan Zhou or Lan Zhou's versions. I wouldn't rush back here.So I'm walking through Chinatown with my mom when she pulls the door open to this place and walks in. We're immediately greeted by a short woman who guides us to a table and puts menu's in front of us. We both decide to get the Shanghai steamed dumplings...
Man, they were SO good. The waitress taught me how to eat it-you have to squeeze the juice out of it and then put the soy sauce on it. For me and my dig in and get out regime that seemed like an awful lot to do, but it did taste good and was (arguably) the best dumplings I have ever had in all 15 years of my life, besides the huge ones they have at Hmart anyway.
It was a good meal, but the Shanghai steamed dumplings are all I can remember. 
And BURP with freedom here!This place sucks,it takes forever and ever to get my food. Are you kidding me, it took you 45mins to give us just a chicken wing and 2 hours to get my whole order( only 4-5 items). For me( the first timer) at least show me some service. No service at all. It really pain to talk to waiter, he seems to know nothing about what he was paid for.Very nice bbq strongly recommend fried chicken nuggetsThe concept is great. However, the service has been slow both times we have been, and they really over do the spicy seasoning on the skewers so much so that you can't tell the individual flavor any more.Best Chinese by far in Philly. We have eaten here many times and the only dish I don't like so far is the DanDan Noodles. Great soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, pork belly (called twice cooked), chicken with hot peppers. Clean, great service, reasonably priced.I ate here for lunch once.  I almost didn't come in, but the photographs of the specials in the window looked interesting and enticing.
I didn't then order any of those specials, which might have been a mistake.  I got ordinary chicken with eggplants, and I have no complaints.  The food arrived quickly and was quite hot--it's surprising how often restaurant food isn't really hot--and tasted good. So I found nothing unusual or remarkable about this restaurant, just an excellent execution.  I was completely satisified, and I look forward to coming back and trying something new.
I hope three stars does not seem too few, because I find no fault with Red King's.My newest go-to place for excellent home style takeout!  They offer authentic Szechuan and Shanghainese dishes, including crystal wontons, sweet and sour yellow croaker with pinenuts, spicy tripe, and lion's head meatballs.  Everything is decently priced and very fresh.  They will also tell you which dishes are Americanized versus authentic, which is very much appreciated because I don't like surprises when it comes to Chinese food.  Oh, and they also have shiao long bao!  Go and try the dishes next time you're in Chinatown.  You won't regret it and your palate and wallet will thank you.  Happy eating.We found this place while trying to get out of the rain. We wound up ordering the rabbit waist, short ribs, and smoothies. Defiantly a place to visit again...
Note: 11/1/15 - Went to Red King's II and it was just as great!A place to go for BBQ foods. Got a smoothie but it's not really a smoothie, it's a slushy. Not sure why they named it smoothie.This place was fantastic and ridiculously cheap!  My favorite meat skewer by far was the chicken, but the vegetarian ones were also amazing like the string beans, tofu and mushrooms.  I also loved the popcorn chicken and dumplings as well.  The meal ended up only being 14pp and we left really stuffed.  I would probably avoid the beef short rib skewer as it was super tough and chewy.
The servers barely speak any English and when ordering you have to point and speak very slowly.  But the food was fantastic and I will definitely be back again!  Also, the place takes cc's and it's BYO as well.My boyfriend and I come here solely for their sweet rice 8 treasures dessert!
It's a glutinous rice soup dish with sugar water, watermelon bits, peanuts, rice bits, and other fun stuff that is the treasures. We haven't had the other dishes before but there's always people who leave near hundred sticks from the kabobs on their tables when they leave so it looks like it's a killer taste for those meats! It's an a la carte place so you can eat small portions. It looks like popcorn chicken and small dishes are pretty popular so give those a try for sure!
Prices are pretty good! The atmosphere is pretty casual but the high rise booths also give you a privacy of conversation if need me. There's also phone chargers on some areas so this is really nice for people to take their time and sit and chat over bubble tea or some Asian desserts and a la carte dishesI actually ate here instead of getting take-out and was very pleased wth the super attentive service and dishes.  The stewed gluten was well- marinated withot being too sweet, the wuxi spare ribs tender and flavorful, the three cup chicken casserole succulent, and the tea smoked duck excellent.  The shiao long bao are better at Sakura but all the other dishes here are superb.  Honestly, the best 3 cup chicken in Philly made with organic, free range chickens.  Plus, they even removed all of the bones.  I have never been to a place that has done that for me.  I was just joking with my dad about how I hate the bones in the dish and the waiter comes with the pot saying how he made sure that the bones were gone.  You don't get better service than that anywhere - even in China.  Also try the water boiled beef if you like Szechuan spicy dishes.  The sliced roast beef with taro and Shanghai greens was also very flavorful and literaly melted in your mouth.  Our teapot was also never more than halfway empty and we were checked up on every 5 min, either by our waiter or the manager.  And this is why we will be continuing to come here at least once a week (or whenever I can get down to Philly).  Great food and great service.  Now that was what was missing in Philly Chinatown.This restaurant was my go to Friday lunch spot until a recent office move pulled me away from the Chinatown area. The $4.95 lunch special is a great value. When comparing to Joy Tsin Lau, the quality of the food is better but you don't get as much (and you don't get to choose your soup). The house soup is unlike any I've had at a chinese restaurant -- it's a bit like miso soup, only with clear broth instead of the smoky, fish based dashi that is used as the base for typical miso. 
I've tried the chicken and shrimp with broccoli which are both solid as well as the ma po tofu, the taiwan style pork chop, and the spicy chicken. The ma po tofu and spicy chicken are legitimately spicy so watch out. That little red chili icon means something different here than it does at your standard Chinese joint, so don't be afraid to ask them to tone down the spice if you prefer a more modest level of kick. I was not really sure what to expect the first time I ordered the taiwanese style pork chop and was pleasantly surprised. It's a deep fried pork chop (I scraped most of the breading off, but if I had wanted fried I would have been happy as it was nice and crispy) with a pickled hard-boiled egg, some pickled veggies, and a meat sauce over the rice; it's a very solid meal especially for five bucks. 
The restaurant is small but clean and the staff is friendly. I'd definitely recommend it.During my unemployment with the luxury to eat in Chinatown during lunch specials.  Great!  You can't beat the price of under $7 for the entree and rice.  Foods were better than your neighborhood Chinese take out.  Staff was nice and the restaurant was not packed, just the way I like my dining experience.I'll start out with the pros. Interior was clean and nice. We came for dinner and luckily before a rush came in. So we were seated promptly and our food/drinks came out quickly. Prices were cheap but unfortunately the food was meager. We went with our toddler. They had a high-chair and room actually. I've been to Chinese restaurants where she's squeezed in. They provided plastic utensils & plates for her without us requesting it. i guess that's a plus b/c kids do get messy.
We ordered crabmeat soup dumplings, Dan Dan noodles ("Szechuan noodles with minced pork"), and the Chicken cooked 3 ways in wine hotpot. The dumplings came out with 2 soup ladles which I thought was hilarious! It was quite awkward slurping soup broth from it. The dumplings were OK - too thick of a shell and big chunk of meat had little flavor. The Dan Dan noodles were good. I have medium/low spice tolerance so they were spicy enough for me. The chicken hot pot was just bad - too sweet and too much bones. I also got a mango smoothie - I can't tell if they used actual mangos or any artificial flavors but the drink was very sweet and little syrupy. Stale fortune cookies at the end - quite upsetting.We've lived in Chinatown for years now and Red Kings is hands-down our go-to Chinese restaurant. Everything they have is delicious and the staff is incredibly friendly, even if communication has to be gestured as the English spoken isn't always perfect. In addition, the prices are pretty reasonable, if not always the $5 entrees you can find in many local haunts.
Staples include: #30. the perfectly-steamed chive dumplings that come with a slightly sweet-and-tangy dipping sauce; #131. the delectably spicy Braised Chicken with Napa and Roasted Chili (think chicken bathed in hot chili oil with bok choy); #151. Ma Po Tofu, or soft tofu chunks in a spicy sauce with black beans; and #173. classic Singapore Rice Noodle.
We've taken friends and family to Red Kings, and enjoyed it on date-night. It's a clean, pleasant restaurant, with excellent food and service.Like with most Chinese Restaurants, you have to know what to order at Red King's. I would not get the chicken lo mein or dumpling/dim sum options--they specialize in Sichuan cuisine, so get their Sichuan dishes. They make amazing Sichuan food that features fresh herbs like cilantro and have a cleaner, brighter taste than at the more famous Han Dynasty and at a great price. Their lunch specials are incredible at only $4.95. Highlights include the Ox Tendon, Beef & Beef Stomach, Stir-Fried Pork Kidney And Liver, and the Salt and Pepper Frog . If you aren't interested in exotic, spicy flavors, then you probably won't appreciate Red King's finer qualities. However, they do make some surprisingly good non-spicy dishes such as the Mango Chicken.
Of course, there were some dishes I've sampled at Red King's during my many meals there that were disappointments. Again, this is the hazard of dining at Chinese restaurants that have massive, unwieldy menus. I used to love the Poached Chicken, for instance, but its quality has diminished since the first time I had it a year or so ago. Hopefully this dish will return to its former glory, as I've had this dish at many restaurants since and the version at Red King's was the best I've ever tried until recently. 
Overall great service; the people who work there remember you and are incredibly sweet.Quite small restaurant while the atmosphere is very nice. Enough kinds of food to choose and the  price is also fair to go. The BBQ tastes very delicious. But the milk tea is way too sweet and not authentic enough.This place is amazing, Dan dan, meats, and roasted vegetables.  All delicious.  I was recommended to come here from a friend and I can't even say how hally I am I listened.   Perfect for a quick bite, with a very authentic and warm feel.   Food was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The pork with mushroom is so tender and crunchy at the same time. I will admit though I have to agree with a previous post, all of the skewers seemed to be seasoned with the same thing making it hard to differentiate the difference.T.C. Palate has been replaced. This new restaurant has a good menu of lunch specials which are reasonably priced. They all include the soup of the day. Furthermore, the dine-in atmosphere is reasonably pleasant. As for the cuisine, I'd say that a lot of it hails from North/Central and Western China. (This isn't a Cantonese place.) Some of the dishes seem a bit Americanized, others less so. As the food is a bit of a hodgepodge, it is hard for me to assign a region ot this place.We ordered many BBQ. My Chinese friends love the hometown taste here. A good place to visit.3.5 stars, but I'll be nice and round up to 4. The food isn't amazing, but it's fairly inexpensive and plentiful. It tastes fresh and clean, not super heavy or greasy like Chinese food (particularly Cantonese) can be. It's kind of Taiwanese-style Sichuan, and one of the better spots in Chinatown. The Sichuan dishes could use a bit more peppercorn though. 
The crabs were pretty tasty, and cheap at ~$10 for a generous plate. Their Sichuan style pork belly was tasty as well, and their tea-smoked duck had a very smoky flavor, to the point where it tasted almost like bacon. Yes, bacon-flavored duck. Dan dan noodles were fine, but a bit greasy and not very spicy - not quite as good as Han Dynasty's. Sauteed veggies (snow pea leaves or chinese watercress) with garlic are always good, but it's pretty hard to mess that up. 
Very reasonably-priced and tasty Chinese food, but you may have to go a few times before you figure out what's good there.Just a pretty straightforward Sichuan spot far as I can tell.  A safe choice but didn't leave me either overly pleased or let down.
A few points of interest here:
- Friendly, conversant service
- Dan Dan Noodles had a tomato-ey taste different from elsewhere I've had them
- Fried strips of beef dish (forget the name, but there's a picture on the menu) were really good, satisfying but very greasy the next day, left you feeling tired
- I am not ChineseWe got the pig ears with chili oil, the wontons with chili oil, the soup dumplings, sauteed rice cakes with pork and pickled vegetables, and the beef casserole.  The pig ears were chewy and spicy and had me sweating.  The wontons were decent, although I was hoping the sauce would be a bit sweeter.  The dough in the soup dumplings was a bit thick, and they didn't tear when they were lifted from the steamer basket.  They were a little bit vinegary for my taste, but pretty good.  The rice cakes were chewy and tasty--I wish there had been more pickled vegetables, though.  The beef casserole was tasty and extremely soft and tender.
We did have to ask for water, but overall, service was helpful and friendly.  This was a pretty good, no-frills restaurant that seems to do several different styles of food well, and I'm looking forward to trying out more of the menu.I recently discovered Red Kings and I am so happy I did. The Dan Dan noodles are delicious and the Mongolian beef was excellent as well. It's inexpensive and the service is great. The restaurant itself is not big, not small. Everything is just right. 
I've had the juicy pork dumplings here and I'm pretty sure they made me sick so I do not recommend them. In fact, when one burst open, the inside was so gross, I think it mentally prepared me for what would follow. 
That being said, I returned and tried different things and was very happy.Interior was clean and pleasantly decorated, and neither fancy nor underdone.  We ordered hot and sour soup, Szechuan beef, and Szechuan noodles with minced pork.  I asked for water as they brought tea.  15 minutes later, there was neither water nor soup.  My husband asked if they intended to bring appetizers out at the same time as the meal, and the girl went to go check.  
Still minutes later, the soup came out (which I find odd, since it's likely they have a vat of soup just sitting back there), and it had almost no flavor at all.  Luckily there were condiments on the table so we added chili oil and salt in the form of soy sauce.  
Seconds after the soup arrived, the noodles came out.  We knew at first glance that something was off.  It looked like a plate of Chef Boyardee spaghetti with ground meat sauce with an oily orange undertone.  Yep, it's Chinese/Italian spaghetti, and it was a tremendous flavoral mismatch that weighs upon my palate even as I recall it.  We knew right away from the off-putting tanginess that it was Maggi sauce, and we asked the waitress who confirmed it.  The whole dish was cloying and pretty horrible, and was only made edible with much mixing. The beef came out several minutes after the noodles, and rice came out even after that.   The dish itself was pretty simple, just sauteed beef and green peppers, pan fried with red chili flakes.  It was nothing spectacular in terms of its flavors, but it was at least spicy, since we requested extra spice. 
At this point, I still hadn't received any water, so I asked again.  The waitress returned with water, but upon drinking it we noticed that it was slightly carbonated and off-tasting .
The meal was average in price, but highly disappointing right down to the fortune cookies  (We both had the same exact fortune).  Won't be going back there for Chinese spaghetti.We stopped here during a day trip to Philly last weekend. The restaurant was clean. The server was very pleasant and brought my daughter fortune cookies to snack on while we waited for our order.
We enjoyed everything that we eat.  We even tried Bubble Tea for the first time and really enjoyed it.   We recommend the Taro flavored Bubble Tea.We bought so much BBq teriyaki today, and the ice rice, the rice just like rice with water and teriyaki have absolutely no taste, so disappointed . Not recommend and would never go back againThis review is limited to take out orders!
Service:  Calling in to place was easy.  Ordered off of the lunch special menu and they were clear and concise in asking me what I wanted.  When picking up the take out order, the restaurant was busy with lunch patrons, yet there was still a sense of order and kindness in completing the transaction.
Food:  The flavor of the food is very good here.  The pork with peppers was delicious!  The general tso's chicken was pretty good too, one of the better versions in Chinatown (there is less precision in executing American "Chinese" dishes in Chinatown because this area is focused on authentic flavors rather than recipes made up for Americans).  I wasn't sure what the soup was going to be that comes with the meal by default, but it was actually quite nice.
Overall:  I am a fan!  Now that I know the flavors are good, I look forward to eating at the restaurant sometime soon and enjoying the dishes fresh and hot.  Nom nom!I had the lamb skewers here some time ago and thought it was so good, I came back. But the second time I went I was so disappointed. The chicken skewer they gave me came out lukewarm. The stick wasn't even hot, telling me they just microwaved left overs from who knows when. The meat was tough, old, and dry--unacceptable. I'm going to have to find a new meat skewer place to go to from now on.Food Quality: Either extremely salty or sweet.  
Food Quantity: For the same price you don't get as much as other restaurants in Chinatown.  Ordered the three cup chicken and got mostly bones.
Service: Not bad, not good. Probably better than the average Chinatown experience.
Environment: It's plain with a quaint home feeling.Ugh I don't know why I agreed to come back and eat here.. my boyfriend was craving skewers so we ended up here.
The skewers are pretty much cooked before you order them. Once you place your order, the food comes out within 3-5 minutes and it's room temperature. It's not even hot, meat doesn't seem fresh and the meat is hard to chew. 
We also ordered some wings and they were very hot (temperature wise). That took awhile to come out and it was still steaming.
Food, prices, and service was just ok..I think they need to update the yelp name. It's red king BBQ now isn't it??
Was walking around Chinatown last night after drinking... Didn't plan on eating but saw that the place and menu looked inviting. 
The place was fairly narrow so we opted for the booth to not worry about bumping the tables. The menu had mainly Asian bar food. A cross between skewers/yakitori and some of Chinese bar dishes that I can't recall. 
I was kinda drunk at this point so I wanted something savory and filling... And oddly I went with the congee lol. (Pork and egg). The congee was soooo good!!!  Mr friends said it was OK... But they don't even eat it with the egg... But I swear it was bomb... I'll order it again next time to see if it's really good or not lol. 
We ordered some skewers.. Pork belly with scallion, chicken gizzard, lamb, and chicken wing (whole wing). Everything was good and nice flavors. It's yakitori literally(BBQ on stick)... But the flavors/spices are more Chinese/Mongolian to me... Think cumin. 
Oh and the scallion pancakes were so damn good. Little sad the portion was small for the price... But definitely "Best of Philly" in my opinion (sorry dim sum garden)...
Can't wait to go back!My go-to spot for Chinese food in Philly.
Red King's is authentic down to the fried rice; they don't compromise or Americanize their dishes like a lot of places around Chinatown seem to do.
I usually get the sliced pig ear, shredded pork, one of their stir-fried vegetatbles (you can't go wrong with any of them) and steamed/braised fish when I'm with a group.
I would also highly recommend their no-nonsense shanghai-style fried rice. Probably the closest thing to real Chinese fried rice in Philly.My little cousin and I were craving some yang rou chuar (lamb shish-kabob?) and happened to find this place that served it Chinese style.
We got here about 5 mins before they opened and waited outside for 15 mins and then once they did open, waited another 5 mins to get seated.
It's a pretty small restaurant so don't come here with more than 4 people at once and you may have to wait.
Once we were seated and ordered our yang rou chuar, we waited while watching some comedy on the CCTV channel. We got our food about 10 mins later and though it was good, it was a bit too expensive for what they dished out. It'd make more sense if they were $0.75 each since one person can easily eat 12-18 of these in one sitting. They were $1/piece + tax so yeah...  
Service honestly wasn't that great, but then again, it reminded me of China so there's the nostalgia factor.
We got our fix so until we get that craving again, we probably won't come by to try out the other items since they were pricey too.
Not sure if there're any other restaurants in the area that have yang rou chuar but if not, I'd definitely check this place out especially if you are craving the mainland Chinese style yang rou chuar. Definitely not as good as what you'll get in Xinjiang but something closer to what you'd get along the coastal cities.
WARNING: Make sure you know that it opens at 11am. It's later than most of the restaurants in the area so beware. Also, they probably won't open on time either.
Parking: Very limited metered street parking or parking lot that's $5/30mins
Price: A bit overpriced
Wait: 10-15 mins after orderingI've been to Red Kings before, and it was pretty good.  Tonight, though, the chef must have changed (or something) because it was not good at all.  While everything was cooked nicely, the seasoning was very bland and everything needed salt and pepper...though I would have much preferred the seasoning the food was supposed to have.  Very disappointing and unsatisfying.  
Even worse, I asked for wonton/egg drop soup, and the waitress said they didn't have it.  I know they have wontons, and I know they have egg drop soup...so...you'd think it'd be no big deal.  I also asked if I could get an appetizer-sixed portion (one) of the large pork meatballs they have.  They looked very good, but were so big that I didn't want to get the full portion of three.  Again...no dice.  
The steamed fish we got was pretty good, I'll say, but again not all that great in the flavor department.  
So, between the pretty stubborn-for-no-reason service, and the lack of good tasting food, I think I'll have to scratch this one off the list.  If the menu as-is is to your liking, and you enjoy extraordinarily bland food, then this may be just the place for you.  It's a shame, because I really wanted to like this place.Meh. I wanted to enjoy Red King's BBQ.  I was hungry.  The food didn't take long to arrive.  Everything was in place.  Unfortunately, meh.
We ordered a selection of skewers and some eggplant.  However, all the skewers tasted the same.  I mean I know they are all BBQ'd, but didn't think they would be spiced so identical that you can't make out a difference between each of them.  The eggplant was good.
Service was ok.  Yes, the food arrived relatively prompt, but they did mess up my order a give me an incorrect skewer.  I realized it after I ate one, so didn't make a big deal since they were the same price.
Sorry, not much more for me to say here.  I could have just hit an off-night.  Still, I probably won't be prioritizing a return trip.1. The restaurant hours stated that it opens at 1:00pm. I tried to call for take out at 1:14pm during my lunch break and no one answer. I called back 3 more times and finally someone picked up at 1:19pm. 
When I was ordering, the man on the phone said "hold on, let me turn the computer on first.." Like what?? Aren't you open at 1? So shouldn't everything be ready by 1 and not after you open the restaurant?... I placed my order and he said it'll be ready in 15-20 mins. 
2. When I got to the restaurant, there were no customers so I'm not sure what took so long to answer my phone call. Also, I noticed that the man messed up my order. I asked for Lamb and he gave me Lamb Kidney. He apologized and said he'll make another order inside. I said "okay, that's fine. How long?" He just rushed back in the kitchen without saying a word. When he came back out it was less than 2 minutes with my order. In my head, I'm thinking that was really fast.. However, since I had to go back to work, I paid and left.
Walking back to work takes me no longer than 2 minutes. Once I got back to work, I open the foil to make sure it was what I ordered - the Lamb was all fatty and not cooked, it was burnt. The Beef I order only had 5 little pieces on the skewer, hard to bite and it was cold. If it was fresh and inside the foil, it shouldn't get cold right away.
3. The menu and prices on Yelp is different from the actually menu from the restaurant. The prices on Yelp isn't updated. I asked the manager if he would honor me the price since that's what I saw online when I ordered and he said no. 
Overall, I'm not coming back here to eat. I've ate here before for dinner and thought it was good but now I don't think it's worth a penny.As a petite lady, I find AYCE BBQ to be wasteful since I can't eat that much to begin with. Places like Red King's BBQ are the perfect solution to satisfy my occasional BBQ cravings. It's a la carte, so one can order as few or as many items as one wants. To me, that's already a major selling point, but the flavorful seasoning is what keeps me coming back. I've tried quite a few different items here, but contrary to my expectations, I don't care too much for the meat skewers here as I do for the squid and eggplant skewers. This place also makes me brace my adventurous side as I try things I've never eaten or even seen before, such as pentagon peppers, Pacific saury, and some mushroom listed under its species name.
Red King's also offers more filling entrees, appetizers, and desserts. The dan dan noodles were not bad, but different from the ones I've tried before in that it has tanginess to it that dan dan noodles in other places don't have. As for desserts, I've tried the mango sago and mixed fruit with mango juice, and my conclusion is that they're not worth the tag price. I have yet to try the appetizers, but I probably will in the near future when I go back!I was exploring Chinatown in Philly because DC one sucks so bad. Also, there is not a good skewer store/ restaurant in the DMV area. I usually go to Flushing in NYC for skewers so I was excited to see this place when I walking around. With no hesitance, my friends and I went in to try their skewers. We ordered a chicken heart, chicken gizzard, lamb kidney, lamb, and beef skewers, and eggplant. It was delicious and well seasoned. The service is ok, there was only one server when We came in. There is a call button but the server was distracted so we did the traditional way by waving him to get his attention. I would definitely come back to have more skewers when I'm in the area.The food here is hit and miss, but you should be fine as long as you order 10 dishes at a time. Service is ok, atmosphere is ok, overall an okay experience.Ugh, worst place for skewers, ever. 
I don't know how other customers eat this? Every BBQ item had the same damn cumin seasoning.  
Can't get orders right. Ask for no scallions in the noodles, they gave us extra scallions. Asked for some skewers no seasoning, everything had seasoning.  
Don't order the Dan Dan or the Meat Sauce Noodles.  DRYYY...  Where's the sauce?  
Do not recommend coming here.I came here to eat now and then with friends. I would always recommend the crispy fish. It is the best dish there for me. I usually don't eat fish or order fish but this dish is just amazing in term of the taste of the fish and how it all blends in with the sauce. 
Also I'M SUPER EXCITED to find out that Red King's has the BEST "xiao long bao" or juicy soup dumplings. The reason being is the skin is super soft and tasty, not hard as the famous Dim Sum Garden's dumplings. The meat and soup inside has flavors and is super good. The dumplings literally melt in your mouth! Light and flavorful, a pop of flavor in your mouth as soon as you bite. Okay, I need to go there now!
If anything, I would definitely come back here for the soup dumplings. Their service is also very friendly. They are in Top 100 Chinese Restaurants worldwide. Overall it is a good place to check out when you're in Chinatown.I went to Red King's restaurant last night with a couple of Colonels to grab a quick bite. I heard about the spot in conversation with a friend. My friend said that I would probably enjoy Red Kings. He was right. 
 Here are the reasons I gave them 5 stars:
Red Kings Is a very bright, Ultra clean spot with polite! and friendly servers.
 the menu is creative, with more than just Chinese food on the menu.
 Red King's is a byob, with no corkerage fee.
 And the prices are very reasonable!
 I ordered the Scallion Pancakes, a doughy, krispie treats that I love.
 My entree was a Thai dish, Red curry with coconut milk, chicken with plenty of Sauteed vegetables And the heat was dead on. It was quiet and cozy, with only 1 annoying mega flat screen, so that a bunch of old guys can have a conversation without going 'huh? or 'Eh' every 5 minutes.I came here under the recommendation that the Dan Dan noodles would meet my stringent spice requirements. They are on the menu as "Szechuan noodles with minced pork" or something similar.
They are good but they did not provide the fire I desire and require to inspire.
I also had the chicken in three wines which was basically inedible on account of the excessive bone left-in and large fatty chunks. I don't know why any restaurant would serve any food this way. Tradition be damned. 
I want a meal, not a "find the bone with my teeth" challenge. If I win, I get food. If I lose, I fracture a goddamned tooth.